FOR REMOTE WORK 
SOFTWARE CATEGORIES 
FOR SMALL BUSINESS
GET LISTED
Join The Leading Business Software Discovery & Research Platform

2.5M users use FinancesOnline every month to find top B2B solutions & get market insights

Search
Remote Work Software
Project Management Software
Accounting Software
Help Desk Software
monday.com
Our score: 9.8
User satisfaction: 99%

An industry-leading collaboration and communication app for on-site and remote work teams. This software offers a collaboration-first interface that allows users to build Boards with a wide variety of powerful columns. With this flexibility, the software allows teams to handle any type of project. The platform also seamlessly integrates with third-party apps to ensure easier adoption.

READ REVIEW
VISIT WEBSITE
Wrike
Our score: 9.7
User satisfaction: 99%

A collaboration software with user-friendly navigation and flexible project views for easier project management. It gives you a bird's eye view of your projects to get a better feel of the progress of your efforts. Moreover, its powerful reporting and analytics tools also help you generate accurate reports with actionable insights.

READ REVIEW
VISIT WEBSITE
NetSuite OpenAir
Our score: 9.7
User satisfaction: 97%

NetSuite OpenAir is a powerful cloud-based professional services automation software that supports every facet of any professional services business. It facilitates real-time business overviews and rapid access to necessary tools and information. This cloud-based solution also serves to empower on-the-go workforces by simplifying access to company data wherever they are.

READ REVIEW
VISIT WEBSITE
Smartsheet
Our score: 9.4
User satisfaction: 99%

An award-winning enterprise SaaS collaboration solution for organizations of all sizes. The platform combines the familiarity and ease of use of spreadsheets with features such as visual timeline management, file sharing, discussion threads, and automated workflows.

READ REVIEW
RingCentral
Our score: 9.7
User satisfaction: 99%

RingCentral Office won our Best Phone System award as well as the Expert’s Choice Award. It's a perfect cloud phone system designed to make business communications easier. With RingCentral, you can use just one phone solution for engaging in voice communications, as well as organizing online business meetings and conferences.

READ REVIEW
VISIT WEBSITE
Zoho Sprints
Our score: 8.5
User satisfaction: 100%

A cloud-based project management platform designed for agile teams. Its clutter-free interface only has room for tools essential to agile project management, such as Scrum Boards, highly visual dashboards, and timesheets. Zoho Sprints makes collaborating, tracking, and planning simple but effective with robust features customizable based on the team’s needs (prioritization, feeds, notification, etc.)

READ REVIEW
VISIT WEBSITE
What is FinancesOnline?

FinancesOnline is a popular platform for SaaS/B2B software and financial products reviews. In our business software directory, we provide an extensive base of software reviews prepared by both experts and actual users so you can easily find the best solution for your company. In addition to SaaS software reviews, you can also benefit from comprehensive studies, reports, and statistics thoroughly prepared by our research team. Useful data in our SaaS directory will give you more insight into any software category that is important to you.

monthly readers

detailed reviews

real user reviews

FinancesOnline Research Center

FinancesOnline Research Center provides you with rigorously researched data that will drive your competitive advantage and let you focus on the right opportunities. We’re always on top of the most current data and trends to help you make optimal investment decisions. Our reports will offer you a 360 overview of your customers based on hundreds of insights about their behavior and needs.

RESEARCH CENTER
SCORING METHODOLOGY
RESEARCH DATA

We are the No.1 SaaS Data Platform and the best starting point for every advanced research related to B2B.

Discover statistics and trends across 250+ industries based on extensive and rigorous analyses.

Our research is shared and quoted by 1000+ popular online publications.

As seen on:     
Popular SaaS Software Categories

Our business software directory covers a wide range of categories and industries. Here are some of the most frequently visited ones, but if you need a full list you can always check out the full category section of our B2B directory.

Business Intelligence Software
Business Process Management Software
CRM Software
Help Desk Software
HR Management Software
Learning Management System
Project Management Software
Accounting Software
Billing Software
Document Management Systems
Call Center Software
Collaboration Software
Customer Support Software
POS Systems
Live Chat Software
Marketing Automation Software
Email Marketing Software
Remote Work Software
Guides and Resources
Software Rankings and Comparisons
Latest Articles
News
Guides and Resources
2020 SaaS Industry Market Report: Key Global Trends & Growth Forecasts
READ MORE >
SaaS Lead Generation Best Practices: Strategy Guide With Examples
READ MORE >
Payment Gateway Services Implementation: A Complete Guide
READ MORE >
7 Great Help Desk Tools You Probably Don’t Know About
READ MORE >
5 Customer Experience Best Practices: Is Your Team Following Them?
READ MORE >
How to Improve Customer Experience Using A Helpdesk Software
READ MORE >
5 Creative Ways to Use Live Chat Software for Marketing
READ MORE >
5 Creative Ways to Use Live Chat Software for Sales
READ MORE >
How Live Chat Software Can Help You Get More Leads And Increase Sales
READ MORE >
7 Best Practices To Optimize Your Conversion Forms And Get More Leads
READ MORE >
7 Free Forms Automation Tools to Collect Quality Leads For Your Business
READ MORE >
5 Common Mistakes When Choosing CRM Software
READ MORE >
Recent Reviews
Deel

Deel is a leading global people platform, designed to help companies compliantly hire, pay, and manage anyone, anywhere. It brings together global payroll, HR, and compliance into one powerful system,…

Deel Alternatives

Deel may not always fit your individual expectations or particular circumstances of your sector. In that situation, you still have a lot of other Payroll Software solutions to analyze. Try…

Everstage

Everstage solves the complex and error-prone challenge of managing sales commissions by providing a unified, agentic platform for incentive compensation and sales performance management, built specifically for mid-market and enterprise…

Everstage Alternatives

We advise you to compare Everstage with several other Sales Tools products available from other sources before you make the final choice. This to searching for Everstage alternatives will enable…

MCUBE

Multi-Channel Unified Business interaction, or MCUBE, is a cloud-based platform for customer interaction and communication. It enables companies to effectively handle client interactions by combining voice, SMS, email, and digital…

MCUBE Alternatives

MCUBE might not always fulfill your business needs or specific circumstances of your sector. If you have any doubts, you still have a wide range alternative Cloud Management Software solutions…

Ulaa Enterprise

Ulaa Enterprise is a Chromium-based web browser built for IT teams in mid-to-large organizations seeking centralized control and advanced security. It's designed to protect user activity while enabling productive browsing…

Ulaa Enterprise Alternatives

There is no one-size-fits-all IT Security Software product. A reliable application such as Ulaa Enterprise might have amazing functionalities but it may not fit your particular business needs. In order…

Recruiterflow

Recruiterflow is a comprehensive recruiting platform designed specifically for staffing and recruitment agencies. It combines applicant tracking, customer relationship management, and powerful automation in one intuitive system. Agencies can streamline…

Recruiterflow Alternatives

Our suggestion is that you compare and contrast Recruiterflow against numerous other HR Management Software alternatives provided by other companies before you choose the best solution. With significantly more product…

Multiplier

Multiplier is a global employment platform that helps companies hire, manage, and pay international workers in over 150 countries without the need to establish legal entities. With one centralized dashboard,…

Multiplier Alternatives

Multiplier might not always fit your company expectations or unique circumstances of your industry. If you have any doubts, you still have a group other HR Management Software solutions to…

Remote

Remote is a global employment platform that helps businesses hire, pay, and manage international teams. Its main goal is to simplify global HR processes, especially for companies that want to…

Remote Alternatives

You shouldn’t expect to find a universal HR Management Software solution. A well-known tool like Remote may have impressive offer but nonetheless not meet your business requirements. To find optimal…

Zoho RPA

Zoho RPA is designed for businesses aiming to streamline repetitive tasks without complex coding. It's especially useful for industries like finance, HR, IT services, and customer support, where professionals regularly…

Zoho RPA Alternatives

Our suggestion is that you compare and contrast Zoho RPA with different other Business Process Management Software options offered by other companies before you select a plan. With considerably more…

Workleap

Workleap is an employee experience platform designed to help businesses optimize workplace processes, boost engagement, and enhance productivity. Tailored for organizations of all sizes, Workleap provides a suite of digital…

Workleap Alternatives

It’s impossible to get a universal HR Management Software service. A reliable software such as Workleap might provide great functionalities but it might not match your specific business requirements. In…

SocLeads

SocLeads is a cloud-based tool that helps businesses scrape emails from social media platforms and maps. It simplifies lead generation by extracting contact data from Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Google…

SocLeads Alternatives

SocLeads might not always fit your business needs or unique conditions of your niche. If that’s the case, you still have several alternative AI Software solutions to check out. You…

Loggworks

Loggworks is a business management software that simplifies job scheduling and client interaction for service professionals. It offers a suite of features, including business profile pages, quoting, invoicing, live chat,…

Loggworks Alternatives

If you’re not yet certain that you want to buy Loggworks then one of the more reliable methods to evaluate it is to check out the vendor’s free trial or…

Wrike

Wrike is an award-winning software for online project management that was designed with a single goal: to improve the speed and efficiency of work in both co-located and distributed groups.…

NetSuite ERP

NetSuite ERP is a complete, scalable cloud ERP solution targeted at high-growing, mid-sized businesses and large enterprises. It automates front- and back-office processes including: financial management, revenue management, fixed assets,…

Salesforce CRM

Salesforce CRM is an award-winning solution created by Salesforce as part of its extensive sales and marketing solutions under the Salesforce brand including separate systems for: Analytics, Marketing, Service, and Community Cloud. Powered…

Asana

Asana is one of the most popular project management software currently available on the market. The robust work management platform serves your teams so they can stay focused on the goals,…

FreshBooks

FreshBooks is an award-winning finance & accounting software and one of the best cloud solutions for small business owners. It is the current holder of FinancesOnline’s Best Accounting Software Award for 2023 and has the…

Zendesk

Zendesk is a suite of support apps that helps transform your customer service into agents for customer retention and lead source. It has one of the most flexible plan structures,…

Freshdesk

Freshdesk is an award-winning cloud-hosted help desk solution equipped with best-in-class features for delivering quality customer support. It won our Best Help Desk Software Award for 2021 Q4 and is…

Gusto

Gusto is an online HR services tool designed to simplify the complex and tedious processes involving payroll, benefits, and HR for modern businesses. It won our Expert's Choice Award for…

7Learnings

7Learnings provides a predictive pricing system driven by AI that aims to increase the productivity and profitability of retailers. Using sophisticated machine learning algorithms, the platform forecasts how pricing decisions…

7Learnings Alternatives

If you consider using 7Learnings but have not examined the alternative Predictive Analysis Software provided by competitors, it’s very important that you do. With just a little time used on…

KushoAI

KushoAI is an AI-powered platform designed to automate API testing, helping software developers achieve faster, bug-free releases. The main advantage you can expect from KushoAI is its ability to generate…

KushoAI Alternatives

If you think KushoAI may not offer you the components or adequate level of customer support you need, you may want to check out other KushoAI alternatives offered by competitors…

Excelkits

Excelkits is a versatile platform that enables users to create no-code calculators, charts, and visualizations using data from Excel and Google Sheets. The main advantage of Excelkits is its ability…

Excelkits Alternatives

If you’re not yet convinced that you want to use Excelkits then one of the more reliable methods to evaluate it is to check out the vendor’s free trial or…

Affnook

Affnook is an iGaming affiliate marketing platform designed to empower operators with advanced tools for managing campaigns, partnerships, and data analytics. The platform’s primary advantage lies in its ability to…

Affnook Alternatives

If you think Affnook might not offer you the tools or sufficient quality of customer support you need, you should check out other Affnook alternatives offered by different companies that…

CrunchzApp

CrunchzApp is a WhatsApp automation platform that allows users to streamline communication through personalized, automated interactions. The main advantage of CrunchzApp lies in its ability to enhance customer engagement by…

CrunchzApp Alternatives

If you’re not yet certain that you want to use CrunchzApp then one of the more reliable methods to examine it is to check out the vendor’s free trial or…

Swiftproxy

Swiftproxy is a cutting-edge proxy service designed for secure and anonymous web data access. It provides residential and static residential proxies, along with scraping tools for social media management, market…

Swiftproxy Alternatives

Our tip is that you compare and contrast Swiftproxy with various other VPN Services services sold by other vendors before you decide on a product. With way more plans influenced…

SO9

SO9 is a cloud-based platform that simplifies social media management for businesses, marketers, and individual creators. The platform offers tools for planning, scheduling, and managing content across platforms like Facebook,…

SO9 Alternatives

If you think SO9 may not provide you with the features or adequate level of customer support you require, it’s a good idea to study other SO9 alternatives offered by…

EdisonOS

EdisonOS is an all-in-one, no-code platform designed to simplify the creation and management of online education programs. Tailored to meet the needs of educators, course creators, and businesses, EdisonOS enables…

EdisonOS Alternatives

If you think of purchasing EdisonOS but have not examined the alternative Learning Management Systems (LMS) available from EdisonOS competitors, it definitely a good idea that you do. With just…

3D Configurator

3D configurator is a powerful tool that enables businesses to showcase customizable products with real-time visualizations. It allows users to interact with products, modify options, and see instant updates on…

3D Configurator Alternatives

3D Configurator may not always fit your business requirements or particular environment of your sector. In that situation, you still have a lot of other CPQ Software solutions to analyze.…

sterlo

sterlo is a robust workflow management software designed to simplify and optimize enterprise operations by automating processes and improving collaboration. Built on a no-code/low-code platform, sterlo empowers teams to design,…

sterlo Alternatives

If you consider buying sterlo but have not looked at the other Workflow Management Software provided by competitors, it’s very important that you do. With just a bit of time…

Amploo

Amploo is an all-in-one business collaboration platform designed to enhance productivity and streamline operations for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). By combining a suite of powerful tools, Amploo allows teams…

Amploo Alternatives

If you believe Amploo may not supply you with the features or sufficient level of customer support you need, you may want to consider other Amploo alternatives offered by competitors…

Dice

Dice is an all-in-one corporate spend management platform that transforms how businesses handle B2B services and spending. The platform is built on UPI and banking architectures and integrates digital APIs…

Dice Alternatives

Our experts suggest that you compare Dice with several other Expense Management Software products offered by competitors before you decide to subscribe to a plan. Doing so to searching for…

LOAD MORE
FinancesOnline

EU Office: 1 Agios Georgios Street, 7600 , Athienou, Larnaca, Cyprus

US Office: 120 St James Ave Floor 6, Boston, MA 02116

GET LISTED
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Add Your Product
Careers
Research Center
Research Team
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Scoring Methodology
Do not sell my personal information
Content
Write For Us
For Small Business
Top Software
Software reviews
Software comparisons
Software alternatives

Copyright © 2025 FinancesOnline. All B2B Directory Rights Reserved.

  