Fine Homebuilding - Expert home construction tips, tool reviews, remodeling design and layout ideas, house project plans, and advice for homeowners FHB Logo Facebook LinkedIn Email Pinterest Twitter X Instagram Tiktok YouTube Plus Icon Close Icon Navigation Search Icon Navigation Search Icon Arrow Down Icon Video Guide Icon Article Guide Icon Modal Close Icon Guide Search Icon Skip to content Search Subscribe Main Menu Log In How-To Design Tools & Materials Restoration Videos Blogs Forum Magazine Members FHB House Podcast Log In Limited Time Offer $29.95 for a year of Fine Homebuilding magazine Subscribe Today Top Stories Tools & Materials Tips for Every Tool Thoughts on four must-have jobsite power tools, with tips for choosing and using them like a pro. How-To Crawlspaces That Work Podcast Episode 717: Best of FHB Podcast, Volume 10 How-To A Privacy Fence with Appeal NEW! FHB Project Guides Trusted, comprehensive guidance from the pros for building, design, and remodeling projects View All Guides Siding & Exterior Trim Siding & Exterior Trim View Guide Kitchens Kitchens View Guide Insulation Insulation View Guide Discussion Forum Recent Posts and Replies | | | | | | View More Create Post Video Shorts Video Series Previous Next Fresh Finds from the 2025 International Builders' Show These clever accessories, noteworthy upgrades, and innovative products made us stop and take a closer look. How to Build a Pergola Step-by-Step Sponsored by Simpson Strong-Tie In this video series, Jeremy Kassel of Kassel Construction walks through every step of building a pergola from start to finish. He shares expert tips throughout… Learn How to Build a Backyard Deck with Mike Guertin Learn how to build a small, durable, attractive deck that will transform any outdoor space. Cordless Track Saw Tips and Tricks In this video series, builder Jeremy Kassel from Glenmont, N.Y. explains how to use a cordless track saw and shares his top tips for getting the best results. From trimming… Strategies for Installing Long-Lasting Exterior PVC Trim Sponsored by VERSATEX In this job-site video series, Justin Cline of Eldon Builders walks through the process of trimming out a porch remodel on the coast of New Jersey. Watch… Installing PVC Trim in a Coastal Environment Lead carpenter Dan Booth has been renovating an old general store outbuilding that sits on the back of his property located in Nova Scotia, Canada. The project has centered around… The Modern Drywaller: Tools and Techniques for Efficient Drywall Finishing In this series, Myron Ferguson overviews mechanical and automatic drywall-taping tools for a professional, productive finishing job. Dry in a Roof With ZIP System Sheathing In this video series, builder Tony Blue walks us through the entire process of making a roof sheathed in ZIP System Roof Sheathing waterproof and airtight to get it ready… Installing ZIP System Sheathing Watch Ben Bogie, residential builder and production manager from Portland, Maine, as he walks us through all the steps necessary to install ZIP System wall sheathing on a home. Zip System… How To Install Exterior PVC Trim Cellular PVC is a durable and clean-looking alternative to wood when you need to install trim that will hold up to the elements. PVC trim can be shaped and fastened… Video Series: How To Prep a Room for Painting In this timeless video series from the Fine Homebuilding archives, professional painter Jim Lacey demonstrates all the steps you need to to give a room a beautiful, fresh coat of… Video Series: Finishing an Exterior Door In this series, editorial director Justin Fink travels to East Haddam, Connecticut to visit with finishing expert, Peter Gedrys. These seven episodes will take you through the process of finishing… Video Series: How to Build a Tool Shed This Fine Homebuilding video series follows Rick Arnold as he constructs a charming and sturdy backyard tool shed. Each episode walks you through an entire phase of shed construction. Follow… How to Create a Lightweight Concrete Countertop Longtime readers of Fine Homebuilding magazine will recognize the name of Buddy Rhodes. For the last twenty years, he’s been at the leading edge of concrete design in both residential and commercial applications.… Video Series: Install and Finish Drywall Hanging and taping wallboard doesn’t have to be a back-breaking, messy job. With the right tools and materials, and some surprisingly simple techniques, anyone can have smooth walls and crisp… How to Tile a Shower This video series includes in-depth demonstrations on everything from installing cement backer board and installing a custom shower pan to using a story pole and setting glass tile. You’ll also… Highlights Plus, get an extra 20% off with code GIFT20 "I have learned so much thanks to the searchable articles on the FHB website. I can confidently
							say that I expect to be a life-long subscriber." - M.K. Get home building tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Sign Up Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters See all newsletters Video View All Podcast Episode 717: Best of FHB Podcast, Volume 10 In this best-of show the crew talks about cantilever decks, peel bond primers, the model Existing Building Code, post-frame buildings, and more. FHB Podcast Segment: Building Science Considerations for Steam Showers FHB Podcast Segment: Does It Matter Where You Place a Whole-House Dehumidifier FHB Podcast Segment: Can a Flashed Deck Ledger Rot From the Inside? FHB Podcast Segment: Are EcoSmart Studs Worth the Investment? FHB Podcast Segment: The Best Way to Heat a Home Under Construction Sponsored A Smarter Way to Install Subflooring View All Browse by Topic Popular Topics Kitchens (selected) Bathrooms Decks Windows Walls Restorations Architecture Roofs Green Design Floor Plans Safety HVAC Bedrooms Ceilings Outdoor Spaces The Practical Details of Kitchen Islands Countertop dimensions, available workspace, and traffic flow all play a big part in getting the most out of your kitchen island. Kitchen Social A galley workspace from the 1950s expands into the future—and the dining room—when a wall is removed, and the whole first floor benefits. Character with Modesty With remarkable attention to detail, the owner created a period kitchen that's both functional and perfect for the 1925 house. Planning Your Kitchen: Five Tools for Layout Learn how to determine the the best configuration for cabinets, counters and appliances to make a functional kitchen. The Workstation Sink That's Revolutionizing Kitchen Design Workstation sinks offer much more than just a place to wash up. The Revolutionary Kitchen Workstation How sinks with accessories are changing the way this kitchen designer approaches her work. Eastlake Galley The 1886 house is a Victorian Revival jewel box, all in just 1700 square feet. Maine Addition Elegant in its simplicity, the kitchen occupies an addition to a 1760s Cape. With Swedish Arts & Crafts Precedent The spirit of Swedish artists Carl and Karin Larsson comes through in a colorful, light-filled new kitchen. View More on kitchens Fine Homebuilding Magazine Issue 336 - Dec/Jan 2026 Tool Test: Cordless Framing Nailers Installing an ERV or HRV Ease the Pane of Window Selection Issue 335 - November 2025 A Stylish, Sturdy Stair Rail Rock-Solid Framed Floors Smart Vapor Retarders Issue 334 - October 2025 Student Housing New Stairs for an Old House Do Safer Strippers Work? Issue 333 - August/September 2025 A Practical Perfect Wall Landscape Lighting Essentials Repairing a Modern Window Sash Issue 332 - July 2025 Custom Built-ins With Job-Site Tools Fight House Fires Through Design Making the Move to Multifamily Fine Home Building Newsletter Sign-up Fine Homebuilding Home building tips, offers, and expert advice
										in your inbox. Green Building Advisor Building science and energy efficiency advice,
										plus special offers, in your inbox. Old House Journal Repair, renovation, and restoration tips, plus
										special offers, in your inbox. Subscribe Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters Follow Fine Homebuilding Dig into cutting-edge approaches and decades of proven solutions
                                    with total access to our experts and tradespeople. Start
                                    Free Trial Now Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn GBA Prime Get instant access to the latest developments in green building,
                                    research, and reports from the field. Start
                                    Free Trial Now Facebook YouTube Old House Journal Learn how to restore, repair, update, and decorate your home. Subscribe Now Facebook Instagram X Fine Homebuilding Dig into cutting-edge approaches and decades of proven solutions
                                    with total access to our experts and tradespeople. Start
                                    Free Trial Now Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn GBA Prime Get instant access to the latest developments in green building,
                                    research, and reports from the field. Start
                                    Free Trial Now Facebook YouTube Old House Journal Learn how to restore, repair, update, and decorate your home. Subscribe Now Facebook Instagram X Membership & Magazine Online Archive Start Free
                                Trial Magazine
                                Subscription Magazine
                                Renewal Gift a
                                Subscription Customer Support Privacy Preferences About Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Service Site Map Do not sell or share my
                        information Privacy Policy Accessibility California Privacy Rights © 2026 Active Interest Media. All rights reserved. Fine Homebuilding receives a commission for items purchased through links
                on this site, including Amazon Associates and other affiliate advertising programs. X X This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page.  The modal window is a 'site map' of the most critical areas of the site. Pressing the Escape (ESC) button will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page. Search Main Menu How-To Design Tools & Materials Restoration Video Blogs Forum Project Guides Reader Projects Magazine Members FHB House Podcasts FHB Podcast ProTalk Webinars Upcoming and On-Demand Podcasts FHB Podcast ProTalk Webinars Upcoming and On-Demand Popular Topics Kitchens Business Bedrooms Roofs Architecture and Design Green Building Decks Framing Safety Remodeling Bathrooms Windows Tilework Ceilings HVAC Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Magazine Index Subscribe Online Archive Author Guidelines All Access Member Home Start Free Trial Gift Membership Online Learning Courses Project Guides Reader Projects Podcast More FHB Ambassadors FHB House Customer Support Account Log In Join Newsletter Get home building tips, offers, and expert advice in your inbox Go Signing you up... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. See all newsletters See all newsletters Follow X YouTube instagram facebook pinterest Tiktok Join All Access Become a member and get instant access to thousands of videos, how-tos, tool reviews, and design features. Start Your Free Trial Subscribe Start your subscription today and save up to 71% Subscribe Toggle Caption Previous Next Members get unlimited site access. To unlock this page, Start a Free Trial Already a member? Log in