Finextra Research: Home Predict 2026 Sign in Sign up Predict 2026 News Latest news Company updates Long reads TV Research Events All Conferences Webinars Popular Community Community latest Latest expert opinions Groups Search members Jobs APIs Sign in Sign up Predict 2026 News Back News Latest news Company updates Long reads TV Research Events Back Events All Conferences Webinars Popular Community Back Community Community latest Latest expert opinions Groups Search members Jobs APIs payments markets retail wholesale wealth regulation crime crypto sustainable startups devops identity security cloud ai News 150,623 stories TV 3,253 videos Research 306 reports Learn 316 webinars Community 40,905 members Experts 24,616 posts Users 3,947,549 Latest news Last 7 days total 4 All news /crime The top cybersecurity incidents of 2025 – and the lessons learned 2 hours /security Citigroup to sell remaining Russian operations at $1.2bn loss 23 hours 1 /payments The biggest fintech trends of 2025 30 December 2 /wholesale Lloyds to shut invoice financing, FT reports 29 December 1 2 2 /predictions Finextra's year in review 24 December 1 Community Last 7 days total 34 Alastair Gill Principal Data Scientist at GFT Getting Business Value From AI: Running AI Projects 23 December 1 Nikunj Gundaniya Product manager at Digipay.guru Decoding the Fintech Boom in the UAE: Key Factors Behind Its Rapid Growth 23 December 1 Laurent Descout CEO at NEO Capital Markets Four trends in payments to watch in 2026 23 December 2 5 Vaibhav Grover Head-Global BFS Offerings & Capability at Sutherland Banking in a VUCA World: What 2026 Will Demand from Financial Institutions 23 December 2 2 Mohit Agarwal Director, Strategy and Innovation at SustainoMetric When AI Turns Analysis into a Liability - An Objective Examination of Automated ESG Research 23 December All community posts Company updates Last 7 days total 0 All company updates /crypto Shift4 unveils stablecoin settlement platform 23 December 2025 /markets DTCC’s FICC and BNY Launch Collateral-in-Lieu service 23 December 2025 /ai Fiserv joins with Mastercard and Visa for agentic commerce 23 December 2025 /wealth Trade Republic hits €12.5 billion valuation on €1.2 billion share sale 23 December 2025 /markets FanDuel and CME launch new predictions market 23 December 2025 More news /people Wandhöfer appointed to spearhead open finance push in the UK 23 December 1 1 /regulation SEC charges crypto platforms and investment clubs over social media scam 23 December 1 4 /payments PSR to strengthen oversight of card payment fees 23 December 1 2 1 /ai Visa working with 100 partners on agentic shopping 23 December 1 3 /crypto Klarna to raise funding in USDC 22 December 3 /inclusion Banking regulations and technology identified as key factors propelling economic abuse 22 December 3 All news Trending /wholesale Lloyds to shut invoice financing, FT reports 29 December /payments The biggest fintech trends of 2025 30 December /security Citigroup to sell remaining Russian operations at $1.2bn loss 23 hours /crime The top cybersecurity incidents of 2025 – and the lessons learned 2 hours Join the Community Learn, share and discuss the latest banking, payments and fintech innovations with the world’s largest fintech community. Access unique research, content, and real-time alerts, services – free to registered members. 40,905 Members 24,616 Expert opinions Join the community Sign in 306 Reports 308 Webinars Find out more Expert opinions Last 7 days total 34 Alastair Gill Principal Data Scientist at GFT Getting Business Value From AI: Running AI Projects In this final article, we now turn to implementation, and it might seem that the problem is now solved, given that all the components are neatly planned out and the interfaces between the different elements are fully documented. AI projects are not for the  faint-hearted – they need to be properly resourced with the different skills required: data ... 23 December /ai /predictions Artificial Intelligence and Financial Services Nikunj Gundaniya Product manager at Digipay.guru Decoding the Fintech Boom in the UAE: Key Factors Behind Its Rapid Growth The UAE has quickly turned into a powerhouse for financial innovation. Once dependent on oil revenues, the country now leads the Middle  East’s digital transformation, with fintech driving much of this shift. And as per the reports, in 2024 alone, the UAE’s fintech market was valued at over $2.5 billion, with projections showing it will grow by 25%... 23 December /inclusion /predictions Laurent Descout CEO at NEO Capital Markets Four trends in payments to watch in 2026 Throughout 2025, a number of developments shaped the payments landscape. Artificial Intelligence (AI) became increasingly embedded across payment operations; evolving regulations such as the European Instant Payments Regulation pushed speed and availability  up the agenda; and stablecoins moved from the fringes towards practical use in real-world p... 23 December /predictions Vaibhav Grover Head-Global BFS Offerings & Capability at Sutherland Banking in a VUCA World: What 2026 Will Demand from Financial Institutions Banking in a VUCA World: What 2026 Will Demand from Financial Institutions As banking moves into 2026, the industry is stepping into a world defined by volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA). The transformation in 2026 will not be driven by a single force. Instead, multiple structural shifts will converge simultaneously  digital ... 23 December /ai /regulation Mohit Agarwal Director, Strategy and Innovation at SustainoMetric When AI Turns Analysis into a Liability - An Objective Examination of Automated ESG Research Our  previous analysis established the inherent data challenges within the ESG landscape: a sprawling, unstructured environment of non-standardized metrics and qualitative disclosures. This complexity already strains the capacity of financial institutions to  conduct robust, defensible analysis. The critical question now is: What happens when power... 23 December /ai /sustainable All community posts New members Bhavani Sidharth Founder at Autocortx AI technologies pvt ltd William Rudebeck CEO & Co-founder at Bite Investments Danielle Coimbra Rocha PR Manager at Wallester Chris Van Straeten Co-Founder & CRO Fourthline at Fourthline Research Total research pieces 306 Event Report Sustainable Finance Live – Resilient Infrastructure A record from the Sustainable Finance Live conference and hackathon 2025.
On 4 November 2025, Finextra Research and ResponsibleRisk held the annual Sustainable Finance Live hybrid conference and hackathon in partnership with NayaOne, at Events@No6 in London.
This year's conference focused on how to build resilient infrastructure using nature as a solution. The event brought together industry experts, thought leaders, and innovators to identify problem-solving strategies facing the sustainable finance sector.
Download our Visual Event Record to discover key themes and discussions from the event’s panels, keynotes, and hackathon. It covers:

    The role of data and AI in climate finance; 
    Efficient, achievable outcomes for financial institutions that prioritise environment; 
    How pension funds, private equity, insurance firms, government, and more can finance nature as infrastructure; 
    Development of sustainable data centres; 
    Visions and results from the hackathon; 
    And more. 

Download the Sustainable Finance Live visual record to learn more » 11 December 2025 46 downloads Event Report Modernising for what’s next: Agentic AI on the rise How does a context-rich data foundation empower agentic AI and drive faster, more accurate decision making?
In today’s rapidly evolving financial services landscape, data-led innovation is becoming a cornerstone for modernising operations and enhancing customer experiences. Financial institutions are increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to break down traditional silos, improve data accessibility, and ensure compliance with stringent regulatory requirements. 
The integration of AI, and increasingly agentic AI, is transforming how financial services operate, offering significant opportunities for efficiency, security, and competitiveness. The primary objective now is to extract insights from data in real-time (or as close to real-time as possible), reducing the time from data acquisition to actionable insights. 
This report highlights the key takeaways of a Finextra webinar, hosted in association with Reltio and Amazon Web Services (AWS), by a panel of industry experts. We discuss: 

    The rise of agentic AI and its deployment challenges; 
    The growing need for real-time data discovery; and 
    How to create successful agentic AI strategies. 02 December 2025 151 downloads Event Report Holistic banking platform modernisation: Balancing innovation and business continuity How banks are moving from core modernisation to end-to-end transformation. 
Over the last decade, many financial institutions have started expecting that the term modernisation means having to modernise the core – yet this belief does not stand the test of time as innovation continues to shift expectations. While many organisations now have modern, real-time cores, they still struggle with other aspects, such as integrations or digital experiences.
So how can financial institutions peel back the layers to ensure true end-to-end transformation? And how can this innovation be achieved in a resilient manner? Whether organisations look to leverage AI, APIs, robotic process automation (RPA), or cloud computing, it's crucial that these next-generation tools are seamlessly integrated into
existing systems. 
This report highlights the key takeaways of a Finextra webinar, hosted in association with FIS, by a panel of industry experts. We discuss: 

    The shift away from core modernisation; 
    The key obstacles to achieving end-to-end transformation; 
    How APIs can be leveraged most effectively; 
    How financial organisations can balance innovation with business continuity. 18 November 2025 199 downloads All research FinextraTV 3,253 videos 133,555 views in past year /crypto The Struggle for Control: How DeFi Regulation May Need to Be Different Joining the FinextraTV virtual studio, Sergey Nazarov, Co-Founder, Chainlink reflected on the closing of the gap between traditional finance and decentralised finance. Following up on comments he made in a conversation at Sibos, Nazarov discusses how regulators face a conundrum due to the difficulty of creating limitations on a type of finance that is harder to control by nature. Despite these regulatory obstacles, Nazarov said that the convergence of TradFi and DeFi relates more to the tokenisation of equity, commodity and fund than to traditional cryptocurrency, and this separation will create an easier path forward. Driven by regulation like MICA and the guidance from the current US administration, Nazarov re-emphasises his optimism for the impact of decentralised finance on 2026 and beyond. 30 December 2025 /sustainable Hydrological to Financial: Linking Farmers With Asset Owners 10 December 2025 /ai AI & Data: Should You Invest at the Enterprise Level? 09 December 2025 /retail How Banks Are Facing a Perfect Storm of Challenge and Opportunity 10 December 2025 /predictions Specialisation, Social Media & AI: What Banks Should Look Out for in 2026 05 December 2025 All FinextraTV Events 316 Webinars available 64 Events in the past year 20,555 Delegates in past year January 2026 Hide Show January 2026 Hide Show Webinar PREDICT 2026: New financial fabric - Digital assets, smart infrastructure, global resilience How are central banks and financial institutions leveraging AI and quantum technologies to future-proof digital asset infrastructure and policy frameworks? Speakers from: Finextra, Bancomat, Berenberg, AMINA Bank 08 January 2026 Online 200 Webinar From obligation to opportunity: Making payments modernisation work How can banks keep up with payments innovation? Speakers from: RedCompass Labs 27 January 2026 Online 131 Webinar Payments modernisation: How PSPs and acquirers are accelerating global merchant growth How can modern payments help merchants expand globally? Speakers from: ACI Worldwide, Nomupay, Fuse Integrations - A Tryzens business 29 January 2026 Online 128 3 Events in January Show February 2026 Hide Show February 2026 Hide Show Webinar Banking on Stablecoins: Accelerating Cross-Border Payments in the US, UK and Europe What are the strategic opportunities for banks in these regions to use stablecoins in cross-border payments, and how do they differ across jurisdictions? Speakers from: Volante Technologies 05 February 2026 Online 827 Webinar PREDICT 2026: Finextra’s US Regulation Pulse Check 2026 How are institutions navigating the evolving US regulatory landscape? Speakers from: Finextra 10 February 2026 Online 2 Events in February Show All Events Long reads Total long reads 1439 Liam Xavier Media Producer & Video Reporter at Finextra Finextra's top TV videos of 2025 In the blink of an eye, another year has passed. Much like the speed of the year, the industry has been allergic to slowing down. Innovations, depreciations and a few surprises thrown in for good measure, 2025 was eventful as ever. With attendance at eight events and over 200 videos published, we’ve been providing insights from across the world, en... 4 hours /predictions Dominique Dierks Senior Content Manager at Finextra Finextra’s top research reports of 2025 2025 was marked by shifting tectonic plates in financial services. Digital innovation, emerging DeFi, a focus on cross-border payments, and AI moving from hype to delivering real value across enterprises. Let’s look back at Finextra’s year in review: Our  most popular research reports of 2025. 10. The Future of US Digital Payments 2025: ACH & b... 30 December 2025 /predictions Sehrish Alikhan Reporter at Finextra Finextra’s top long reads of 2025 2025 has seen plenty of innovation, conflict, chaos, and growth. With stablecoin frenzy sweeping the finance space, the  GENUS Act,  ISO 20022, and  DORA regulation coming into effect, and  AI sweeping the financial services space – there has been no shortage of new developments. Let’s wave goodbye to 2025 by reflecting on Finextra’s highest viewed... 29 December 2025 /predictions All long reads Channels Last 7 days total 4 /cloud Last 7 days total 1 News Cloudflare suffers second outage in a month 05 December Webinar Preventing disaster: How banks can address operational resilience to prepare for global outages 31 October /sustainable Last 7 days total 1 News Barclays to test ExpectAI platform to help SMEs with sustainability insights 18 December Webinar Financing & delivering resilient infrastructure: Discover Sustainable Finance Live’s 2025 hackathon 23 October /security Last 7 days total 2 News Citigroup to sell remaining Russian operations at $1.2bn loss 23 hours Webinar On-Demand – Behavioural biometrics: Meeting the deployment challenge 01 May /payments Last 7 days total 2 News The biggest fintech trends of 2025 30 December Webinar On-Demand – 2025 Fraud Trends: Synthetic Identity, AI and Incoming Mandates 10 December /retail Last 7 days total 2 News Post Office signs five-year deal with Cash Access UK 22 December More markets Last 7 days total 1 wholesale Last 7 days total 3 wealth Last 7 days total 1 regulation Last 7 days total 2 crime Last 7 days total 1 crypto Last 7 days total 2 startups Last 7 days total 1 devops Last 7 days total 1 identity Last 7 days total 1 ai Last 7 days total 2 Stock Summary Discover For more market intelligence, data, prices and filings, use Finextra Pro . Welcome to Finextra. We use cookies to help us to deliver our services. You may change your preferences at our Cookie Centre . Please read our Privacy Policy . Accept Finextra About Community Rules Contact the community team News Guidance Contact the news desk Sales Media pack Contact the sales team Get involved Finextra Live@ Webinars Finextra TV Research Finextra.jobs Finextra Pro Events Sustainable Finance Live NextGen Nordics EBAday Members Join the community News alerts Follow Download Finextra Pro Download Finextra News © Finextra Research 2025 Terms of use Privacy Policy Cookie Centre Learn more Discover