Finlex Go to content Search all data Search In English Menu Home Legislation Case law Authorities Treaties Government proposals Open data Finlex Finlex is a free, public online database of legal information owned by the Ministry of Justice Basic search Distance search Expanded search Search all data Search Legislation Up-to-date legislation and the Statute Book of Finland . Updated legislation Statute Book of Finland Amendments Corrections Translations of statutes Statutes in Sámi Case law Decisions of Finnish courts over several decades in Finnish and in Swedish . Supreme Court: Courts of appeal Supreme Administrative Court Administrative courts Market Court Labour Court Insurance Court Case Law in Literature Authorities Regulations and decisions of public authorities and generally applicable collective agreements . Collections of regulations Chancellor of Justice Data Protection Ombudsman Collective agreements Treaties Treaties concluded with foreign states and international organisations, and a treaty reference database . Finnish Treaty Series Up-to-date income tax treaties Treaty reference database Government proposals Government proposals as text and as PDF files from 1992 onward in Finnish and Swedish. Includes a list of pending legislative proposals submitted to Parliament . Publications The Ministry of Justice's legislative publications online (opens in new window). Latest published statutes 1251/2025 Valtiovarainministeriön asetus vuoden 2026 taidekilpailupalkintojen 
verovapaudesta 1252/2025 Ympäristöministeriön asetus Suomen ympäristökeskuksen maksullisista 
suoritteista 1249/2025 Verohallinnon päätös suurten konsernien vähimmäisveroon liittyvien 
ilmoitusten antamisesta 1245/2025 Verohallinnon päätös työhuonevähennyksen määrästä vuodelta 2026 
toimitettavassa verotuksessa 1246/2025 Verohallinnon päätös ennakonpidätyksen toimittamistavoista ja määrästä All statutes 10 most searched statutes in Finlex Criminal Code Employment Contracts Act The Constitution of Finland Land Use and Building Act Limited Liability Companies Act Annual Holidays Act Child Welfare Act Act on the Openness of Government Activities Administrative Procedure Act Limited Liability Housing Companies Act Legislation Updated legislation Statute Book of Finland Amendments Corrections Translations of statutes Statutes in Sámi Case law Supreme Court: Courts of appeal Supreme Administrative Court Administrative courts Market Court Labour Court Insurance Court Case Law in Literature Authorities Collections of regulations Chancellor of Justice Data Protection Ombudsman Collective agreements Treaties Finnish Treaty Series Up-to-date income tax treaties Treaty reference database Government proposals Finlex is a free, public online database of legal information owned by the Ministry of Justice. The ministry uses the service to support the authorities in fulfilling their obligation to provide information and make it public. Finlex is maintained by the Legal Register Centre. Finlex contains material produced by a variety of parties, including ministries, authorities and courts of law. The Ministry of Justice and the Legal Register Centre are not responsible for any content other than their own. Help Frequently asked questions Feedback Accessibility statement Sitemap About the upgrade Data protection