thisisFINLAND Close English 中文 Deutsch Español Français Português Русский العربية 日本語 Sámi Close Life & society Business & innovation Arts & culture Newsroom Facts, stats and info Tags Architecture Arctic Art Business Climate Cuisine Culture Design Economy Education Entrepreneurs Environment Equality Festivals Film Finland Finnishness Food Fun Health Helsinki History Innovation Language Lifestyle Literature Music Nature Performing arts Politics Research Sauna Slideshows Society Sports Sustainability Technology ThisisFINLAND Magazine Travel Video Visual arts Webpick Wellbeing Winter Work Pages FAQ Contact About us Accessibility statement Learn more about cookies on ThisisFINLAND.fi Skip to content This is Finland – Homepage Life & society Business & innovation Arts & culture Newsroom Facts, stats and info Language Search Search Language Menu things you should and shouldn't know New York’s Met Museum showcases beloved Finnish painter Helene Schjerfbeck Arts & culture Visual arts New York’s Met Museum showcases beloved Finnish painter Helene Schjerfbeck Renowned Finnish artist Helene Schjerfbeck is the first Nordic woman painter to be presented in a solo exhibition at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art. The show “will be a revelation to Met audiences,” says curator Dita Amory. Tagged in Art Culture Visual arts Producing just enough: Finnish startup uses AI to rethink retail Business & innovation Technology Producing just enough: Finnish startup uses AI to rethink retail When the former chief of startup megaevent Slush takes on retail’s overproduction problem, the result is Clair, a Finnish startup using AI to help brands anticipate what customers truly want and produce only as much as needed. Tagged in Business Entrepreneurs Innovation Technology Finnish knit design adds playful elves to festive socks Christmas Design Finnish knit design adds playful elves to festive socks These cheerful elf-patterned colourwork socks infuse holiday spirit into your every step. Tagged in Culture Design History Webpick Yes, Santa Claus is from Finland: Ten top facts about Father Christmas Christmas Christmas traditions Yes, Santa Claus is from Finland: Ten top facts about Father Christmas What do you know about Santa Claus? Here are ten fun facts that might surprise you! Tagged in Christmas traditions Culture Finland Lapland Modern Christmas Santa Claus Sisu movie sequel: Finnish sisu never goes out of fashion Arts & culture Film Sisu movie sequel: Finnish sisu never goes out of fashion Sisu is a Finnish word that refers to a combination of resilience and perseverance. Cited as a Finnish source of strength and wellbeing, it’s also the title of a violent action film whose new sequel is enjoying runaway success. Tagged in Culture Film Finnishness Sisu Society Finnishness Society Environment Innovation Nature Education Art Music Business Design Technology Webpick Lifestyle Travel ThisisFINLAND Magazine Culture Finland Cuisine Sports Fun Finnish foodfluencer wishes you a veggie merry Christmas Christmas Cuisine Finnish foodfluencer wishes you a veggie merry Christmas You don’t have to compromise on quality or taste to make a holiday dinner with no animal products. Finnish culinary influencer Elina Innanen’s recipes lead us on forays into the world of plant-based cuisine. Tagged in Christmas cuisine Christmas traditions Cuisine Food Lifestyle Recipes Find Finnish gifts for everyone on your list this holiday season Christmas Modern Christmas Find Finnish gifts for everyone on your list this holiday season Our Christmas gift guide highlights meaningful pieces by Finnish brands: thoughtful, well-made and designed for everyday happiness. Tagged in Design Fashion Finnishness Lifestyle Modern Christmas Finnish Christmas spirit brightens Helsinki streets for holiday season Christmas Christmas traditions Finnish Christmas spirit brightens Helsinki streets for holiday season As the winter days grow shorter in Helsinki, the city bursts into light, and the Christmas season brings warmth, music and thousands of twinkling bulbs. Tagged in Christmas traditions Culture Finnishness Helsinki Modern Christmas Winter The key to Finnish happiness may be people helping each other Life & society Society The key to Finnish happiness may be people helping each other At a blood donation centre, we find an example of Finnish talkoohenki , the community spirit of helping each other. As our video conveys, it could be a contributing factor to Finnish happiness. Tagged in Finnishness Happiness Health Society Wellbeing How to spot the Northern Lights in Finland Life & society Nature How to spot the Northern Lights in Finland The Northern Lights are visible for human eyes only when it’s dark and the sky is clear and cloudless. In northern Finland they can be witnessed from late August until early April. Tagged in Arctic Education Nature Travel Finnish festive homes capture readers’ hearts this Christmas Christmas Architecture Finnish festive homes capture readers’ hearts this Christmas From forest cottages to historic villas, Finnish readers share the festive homes that made them stop and say: “Oh my goodness, how beautiful!” Tagged in Architecture Finnishness Webpick Staying playful: A Finnish artist combines fatherhood with creative freedom Arts & culture Art Staying playful: A Finnish artist combines fatherhood with creative freedom Everyone’s an artist in Teemu Keisteri’s family, no matter if they’re four or almost 40. Father and son get creative together and explore Finland’s vibrant children’s culture scene. Tagged in Art Culture Education Music Travel What one person’s path to speaking Finnish reveals about life and language Life & society Language What one person’s path to speaking Finnish reveals about life and language For polyglot Irina Pravet, learning a language isn’t just about grammar. She sees knowing Finnish as a way to belong – and that’s something you don’t find in textbooks. Tagged in Entrepreneurs Finland Finnishness Language Society Breaking news from Finland by Yle News - Finland’s English-language news desk Libraries the Finnish way: welcoming, wild and wonderful Life & society Education Libraries the Finnish way: welcoming, wild and wonderful From reading dogs to 3D printers, Finnish libraries are reinventing what it means to be the home of learning and information. Here are some activities you can do in many Finnish libraries. Tagged in Education Equality Finnishness Lifestyle Technology Travel Why are saunas so dear to people in Finland? Life & society Sauna Why are saunas so dear to people in Finland? Almost every building in Finland has a sauna. Two sauna enthusiasts tell what makes their favourite sauna so special. Tagged in Finnishness Nature Sauna Wellbeing Heads up for Helsinki’s urban overstory: Lions and gargoyles and bears, oh my! Life & society Architecture Heads up for Helsinki’s urban overstory: Lions and gargoyles and bears, oh my! If you elevate your gaze, Helsinki’s architecture contains surprising details. Mythical creatures, solemn figures and watchful animals perch high above street level. Tagged in Architecture Art Culture Finnishness History Slideshows Society Travel How Finnish glass design enchanted the world and keeps evolving Arts & culture Design How Finnish glass design enchanted the world and keeps evolving From kitchen cabinets to museum displays, Finnish glass design turns everyday objects into timeless art. Our reporter visits Finland’s last remaining glassworks and explores how a small country became a powerhouse of modern glass design. Tagged in Art Design History Trams carry the future in Helsinki and elsewhere in Finland Life & society Society Trams carry the future in Helsinki and elsewhere in Finland From the hum of the motor to the clatter of the tracks, people connect Helsinki’s trams with modern daily life and historical memories. This mode of transport will play a central role in the future of the capital and other cities in Finland. Tagged in Environment Equality Helsinki History Society Travel Video Finland enjoys a golden age of Northern Lights Business & innovation Technology Finland enjoys a golden age of Northern Lights Sodankylä Geophysical Observatory might seem like a bunch of humble buildings in the middle of nowhere. However, a team of top scientists works there to unravel the mysteries of the Northern Lights. The director, space physicist Eija Tanskanen, has good news for aurora spotters: the active years have just started. Tagged in Arctic Nature Research Technology Travel Finnish workwear: Fashioned with purpose Business & innovation Fashion Finnish workwear: Fashioned with purpose Wearing Finnish design brings a touch of Finland to professional settings, where first impressions and lasting impact matter more than ever. Tagged in Business Culture Design Fashion Lifestyle More articles Hei! Looking for... Finland Toolbox (opens in a new tab) Study & work info Business & investment info Public services info (opens in a new tab) Tourist info (opens in a new tab) FAQ Contact About us Accessibility statement Learn more about cookies on ThisisFINLAND.fi Follow us on Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Published by the Finland Promotion Board Produced by the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, Department for Communications © 1995 - 2026