Home
Features
Blog
Discover
Contact
Sign Up
Sign In
Powerful podcast hosting & analytics
By podcasters, for podcasters. Since 2016.
Learn More Sign Up
All the features you need to take your podcast to the next level
Customizable Website

Every podcast gets a beautiful, responsive website with episode pages, your images, custom pages, redirects, host and guest pages, and more. It’s all built-in.

Download Stats & Analytics

We gather and display massive amounts of data about your unique downloads with one of the industry’s most trusted podcast hosting and download tracking systems, with IAB compliance coming soon.

Built-in security

Fireside provides every podcast with a free SSL (https) certificate for both subdomains and your own custom domain name, ensuring your website and all of its content is delivered to your audience securely.

Import from anywhere

Import your existing podcast with just one click, no matter where you currently host. Fireside imports all of your episodes, titles, descriptions, MP3 files, and important metadata.

Use Your Custom Domain

Your brand matters, and Fireside makes it easy to use your own domain to create a seamless experience for your listeners. Available on Standard plans and above. Available on Standard plans and above. Just enter your domain name, update your DNS, and you’re done.

Lightning-fast file hosting

Your listeners want your episode the minute it’s available. We’ve partnered with the fastest CDNs around, combined with our own infrastructure, to deliver your content fast.

Sign Up
Already have a podcast? No problem.
Seamlessly transfer it.

Fireside can import your existing podcast from any existing podcast platform or custom RSS feed with just 1-click, without losing subscribers. Although Fireside can import from any valid podcast RSS feed, we have custom importers for all platforms including:

Anchor
AudioBoom
Blubrry
BuzzSprout
FeedPress
Libsyn
Panoply
PodBean
Podiant
PodOmatic
SimpleCast
SoundCloud
Transistor
Whooshkaa
ZenCast
Not all podcasts sound the same, so why should they look the same?

We've been working with podcasters since 2006, and we understand their needs. From the link Bookmarklet to sponsor integration and management, automatic RSS feeds, and more. We've built tons of tools for the busy podcaster to improve your workflow, streamline your process, and create a beautiful website.

Sign Up
Distribute your podcast pretty much everywhere.

Fireside makes it easy to publish your content to all major distribution services and channels. We can distribute your podcast to Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, YouTube Music, and virtually every third-party service!

Sign Up
Starter
$ 9/mo
1 Podcast Upgrade any time to start adding more
5 Episodes per Month
Customizable Website
Instant Spotify Integration
Apple Podcasts Distribution
Basic Download Stats
Third Party Tracking Support
Designed for new podcasts*
Up to 2 Collaborators
Website on Subdomain at Fireside.fm
No Custom Domain
No Custom Code Injection
Basic Metrics Only
Standard
$ 19/mo
Unlimited Podcasts 1 included and $8/mo for each additional
Unlimited Episodes
Unlimited Storage
Customizable Website
Instant Spotify Integration
Apple Podcasts Distribution
Use Your Own Domain (with SSL!)
Professional Download Stats
Up to 5 Collaborators
Third Party Tracking Support
Social Media Integration
Up to 1TB Transfer/mo*
Custom Domain with SSL
Custom Code Injection
Intermediate Download Metrics
Shareable Metrics
Additional Podcasts Available
Professional
$ 49/mo
All Standard Plan Features PLUS:
Unlimited Podcasts 2 included and $8/mo for each additional
Advanced Download Metrics
Up to 10 Collaborators
Collaborator Role Assignment
Exclusive Website Themes
Shareable Metrics
Priority Support
Increased MP3 File Size
Hidden Fireside Branding
Click Tracking
Up to 5TB Transfer/mo*
Customizable Favicon
Bulk Episode Editing
Episode Renumbering
Advanced Theme Customization

* High-volume podcasts may require special pricing

Try it now. Choose a plan later →

14 day free trial. Cancel any time.

The Best Hosting, CDN, and Technology Infrastructure.

Delivering your content efficiently and reliably, worldwide.

The Fireside Team
John Nunemaker
Development
Garrett Dimon
Development
Kris Priemer
Marketing
Our Latest Episode
© Copyright 2025 Very Good Software, LLC
Home
Contact
FAQ
Terms
Privacy
Support
Features
Discover
Blog
Made in Colorado and Indiana!