Get Firefox for desktop — Firefox (US) Help us improve your firefox.com experience In addition to Cookies necessary for this site to function, we’d like your permission to set some additional Cookies to better understand your browsing needs and improve your experience. Rest assured — we value your privacy. Accept All Additional Cookies Reject All Additional Cookies Cookie settings Menu Features Close Features menu Top Features Fingerprint Blocking Ad Tracker Blocking Private Browsing Mode Free Password Manager View all Firefox Features Resources Close Resources menu Product Desktop Mobile Release Notes Support Add-ons Learn Blog Compare Podcast Data Protection Download Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Download Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Firefox Browser Take control of your internet Go online with fewer distractions, noise and stress. Think of us as bubble wrap for your brain. Set Firefox as your default browser. Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Download options and other languages Firefox Browser support Latest Firefox features Dial down the noise Block ads and enhance your privacy with customizable settings and tons of downloadable extensions. Multi-task or mono-task Go into reading mode, pop out videos and get more organized with vertical tabs and tab groups. Keep tabs on all your tabs Close duplicates, search and pin open tabs — there are almost-infinite possibilities for the almost-infinite number of tabs you have open. See Release Notes Get the browser that helps you get sh*t done Block ad trackers without lifting a paw Not-fun fact: Ad trackers make web pages load slower. Fun fact: You won’t have to dig around in settings to fix that, because Firefox automatically blocks most trackers. See your protection report Swear off staring into the abyss Stay focused with extensions like Tomato Clock and Turn Off the Lights — they’re Recommended, which is like our gold star for having exceptional security and functionality. Your stuff, on all your screens Get Firefox mobile so your passwords, tabs and history — and the privacy and security you rely on — go with you wherever you go. Privacy built in Your personal data isn’t for sale. Trackers and 3rd party cookies are blocked by default, so you can just … browse. Learn how Firefox protects your data *Really* make it yours Work smarter, play harder Explore the possibilities for research, shopping and more in extensions . Bye, boring browser The internet can be all kittens and rainbows — with the right add-on theme . Billionaire-free for 20+ years Firefox was created in 2004 by Mozilla as a faster, more private, and customizable alternative to browsers like Internet Explorer. Today, we are still not-for-profit, still not owned by any billionaires and still working to make the internet — and the time you spend on it — better. Set Firefox as your default browser. Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Questions? Mozilla support has you covered. Get Firefox Browser for Android Get Firefox Browser for iOS Download the Firefox mobile browser for automatic protection on all your devices. Learn about the Firefox desktop browser below Download Download Firefox Windows Mac iOS Android Linux Custom Download Options Latest Builds Nightly Beta Firefox for Business Enterprise Community Connect Contribute Developer Resources Compare Release Notes Learn Support Add-ons Community Blog Follow Us Instagram YouTube TikTok Bluesky Podcast Firefox Website Privacy Notice Terms of Use Cookie Policy Community Participation Guidelines Logo Trademark Licensing Powered by Mozilla Putting people before profits since 1998 Language Language aragonés عربي Беларуская Bosanski Català Maya Kaqchikel Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Dolnoserbšćina Ελληνικά English (Canadian) English (British) English Esperanto Español (de Argentina) Español (de Chile) Español (de España) Español (de México) suomi Français Frysk Galego Avañe'ẽ עברית हिन्दी (भारत) Hrvatski Hornjoserbsce magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Taqbaylit 한국어 ພາສາລາວ Melayu Norsk bokmål Nederlands Norsk nynorsk ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (ਭਾਰਤ) Polski Português (do Brasil) Português (Europeu) rumantsch Română Русский Scots සිංහල slovenčina سرائیکی Slovenščina Shqip Српски Svenska Тоҷикӣ ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Go