Wholesale Beads and Jewelry Making Supplies - Fire Mountain Gems and Beads ☰ menu Help 800-355-2137 Chat with Us Live Chat All-Assortable Pricing Shipping Information Returns More Customer Service ... Chat E-Mail Phone Create / Login Account account account Login to Your Account Login Create Your Account Easy as E-Mail & Password! Checkout faster. View previous orders. Easy re-ordering. Keep track of favorites. Never lose your shopping cart! 0 cart Gift Certificates Wholesale Program Free Catalog My Favorites Back Beads Beads by Type Gemstone Beads Crystal Beads Seed Beads Acrylic Beads Bone and Horn Beads Glass Beads Metal Beads Pearls Porcelain Beads Shell Beads Wood and Nut Beads Add a Bead System Beads by Brand Celestial Crystal® Crystal Passions® Dyna-Mites™ Ming Tree™ Miyuki Preciosa Crystal Preciosa Seed Beads Swarovski® Crystal TierraCast® TOHO BEADS® Jewelry Supplies Findings Earring Findings Clasps Bails Crimp Beads Crimp Bead Covers Head Pins and Eye Pins Jump Rings Mountings and Settings Bead Cages and Frames Bead Caps Links Almost Instant Jewelry® Supplies by Type Gemstones Cabochons Faceted Gems Chains Charms Components Glues and Adhesives Memory Wire Metal Clay Pendants Polymer Clay Rhinestones Stringing Material Beading Wire Accu-Flex® Beading Wire Beadalon® Acculon Cord Elastic Cord Cotton Cord Leather Cord Thread FireLine® Silk Thread Nylon Thread WildFire™ Wire-Wrapping Wire Sterling Silver Wire Sterling Silver-Filled Wire Gold-Filled Wire Copper Wire Aluminum Wire Wire-Wrapping Brands ParaWire Zebra Wire Artistic Wire Beadalon® Wrapit® Wire Themes Seasonal Top 10 Gifts Valentine's Day St. Patrick's Day Easter Mother's Day 4th of July Weddings Halloween Day of the Dead Christmas Hanukkah Supplies by Medium Bead Mosaics Cold Connections Kumihimo Leatherworking Enameling Glassworking Knotting and Macrame Special Selections Best Sellers Awareness and Charities Bulk Buys Assortments Birthstones Kits Rosary Supplies Western Collection Décor Glass Bottles Beading Frames Wind Chime Components Suncatcher Components Home Décor and Gifts Tools Tools by Type Pliers Wire Jigs Sets and Kits Needles Stamping Bead Boards Cleaners and Polishers Hammers Looms Rock Tumbler and Accessories Displays Racks Earring Cards Display Cases Trays and Inserts Multipurpose Displays Displays by Jewelry Type Bracelet and Watch Displays Earring Displays Necklace and Chain Displays Packaging Presentation Boxes Display Cards Pouches Gift Bags Tags and Labels Storage Bags Organizers Storage Carrying Cases Bottles and Vials New New Products December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 Jewelry Jewelry and Gifts Earrings Bracelets Necklaces Pendants Rings Gifts Jewelry Sets Shop by Jewelry Collection Everyday Jewelry Impact Bracelets Create Compliments® Jewelry BohoSTAR Bracelets Impulse Jewelry One of a Kind Jewelry Learn Jewelry Maker's Library Visit the Jewelry Maker's Library Jewelry Medium Bead Mosaic Bead Stringing Chainmaille Fiber & Textiles Metalworking Polymer Clay Resin & Mixed Media Seed Beading Wireworking Jewelry Style Seasonal & Holiday Trends in Jewelry Making Wedding Jewelry & Décor Inspiration Gallery of Designs Jewelry-Making Contests Jewelry Artists Success Stories Reference Ask the Experts Books and DVDs Business & Marketing Essential Resources Charts EncycloBEADia® Gemstone Meanings and Properties Getting Started In Jewelry Making Sale Sale Help Fire Mountain Gems and Beads Storage Organizers No Category Name Storage Bags No Category Name Bottles and Vials No Category Name Fishhook Ear Wires No Category Name Sale ends in New & Hot Products New Adjustable Sterling Silver Slider Chains No Category Name New Sterling Silver and Gemstone Charms, Drops and Findings No Category Name Crystal Passions Innovations Fall/Winter 2026-27 No Category Name New Handcrafted Patikan Wood Beads No Category Name Featured Categories Seed Beads No Category Name Gemstone Beads No Category Name Findings No Category Name Crystal Beads No Category Name Wire-Wrapping Wire No Category Name Pearls No Category Name Chains No Category Name Charms No Category Name Beading Wire No Category Name Metal Beads No Category Name Glass Beads No Category Name Cabochons No Category Name Tools No Category Name Packaging No Category Name Free How To Videos, Projects & Inspiration Bead Stringing No Category Name Seed Beading No Category Name Wireworking No Category Name Gallery of Designs No Category Name Back to top You supply the creativity, we supply everything else! ® × Hazardous Items This item contains a hazardous material and is non-returnable. This item must be shipped via Hazardous Materials Shipping and must be shipped to a physical address. Warning This product can expose you to chemicals including Titanium dioxide and Talc, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including Thiourea, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to cadmium, a substance known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to a-Methyl styrene (alpha-Methylstyrene), a substance known to the State of California to cause cancer and/or reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This appliance and all combustion appliances can expose you to chemicals including carbon monoxide known to the State of California to cause birth defect and other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including phthalates, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including Phenyl glycidyl ether (oxirane), which is known to the State of California to cause cancer, and Bisphenol A, which is known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to lead, a substance known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including tetrachloroethylene, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information, go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to Ceramic Fibers, a substance which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov Drilling, sawing, sanding or machining wood products can expose you to wood dust, a substance known to the State of California to cause cancer. Avoid inhaling wood dust or use a dust mask or other safeguards for personal protection. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov/wood This product can expose you to chemicals including Bisphenol A, which is known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to Ethylbenzene, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information, go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including Phenyl glycidyl ether (oxirane) and Epichlorohydrin, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer, and Bisphenol A and Epichlorohydrin which are known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov Magnetic Clasps are a component intended to be assembled into a finished piece of jewelry by attachment to a chain, wire or cord. These parts are not intended for use by children 14 and under. Swallowed or inhaled magnets can cause serious injury or death. Magnets may also affect the function of electronic medical devices such as pacemakers. This product can expose you to epichlorohydrin, a substance known to the State of California to cause cancer and/or reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to Hexavalent Chromium, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including Methanol, which is known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to leather dust, a substance which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov This product can expose you to chemicals including Toluene, which is known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov Notify me when this is Back in Stock Thank you for your interest in this item SKU- Enter your email address below to receive a notification when this item is back in stock. E-Mail Address Notify me Sign up for Email Offers You have been successfully subscribed. Subscribe New Product Announcements Sale Announcements Free eBook Beading News and More... Customer Service 1-800-423-2319 Updated Holiday Hours: We will be closed starting at 12:00pm PT (3:00pm ET) on December 31 through January 4 Free Catalog About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Platinum Partner's Program Precious Metal Pricing Information Pricing and Promotions Privacy Policy Privacy Settings Returns Shipping Information Special orders Connect with us: Email: info@firemtn.com Order by Phone: (800) 355-2137 Order by Fax: (800) 292-3473 Memberships Safe Shopping Products sold by Fire Mountain Gems and Beads® are intended for experienced jewelry-makers and designer-artists;
    children 14 years of age or younger should use these products with adult direction. Fire Mountain Gems and Beads, Inc. - One Fire Mountain Way, Grants Pass, OR USA 97526-2373 Copyright 2008- Fire Mountain Gems and Beads, Inc. All rights reserved. Fire Mountain Gems and Beads reserves the right to make policy changes at any time without prior notice. ×