FirstPromoter: Affiliate Marketing Software for Subscription Businesses New FirstPromoter 2.0 launched We simplify affiliate marketing to amplify your growth Modern and reliable affiliate tool for subscription-based companies. Easy to set up, yet powerful to scale with your growing needs. Try for Free Try for Free Try for Free 14 days free trial. No Credit card required Home Features Pricing Blog FAQ Log In Try for Free New FirstPromoter 2.0 launched We simplify affiliate marketing to amplify your growth Modern and reliable affiliate tool for subscription-based companies. Easy to set up, yet powerful to scale with your growing needs. Try for Free 14 days free trial. No Credit card required Integration Integrate Seamlessly with Stripe, Paddle, Recurly, Braintree, Chargebee or our API Explore Integrations Integration Integrate Seamlessly with Stripe, Paddle, Recurly, Braintree, Chargebee or our API Explore Integrations Integration Integrate Seamlessly with Stripe, Paddle, Recurly, Braintree, Chargebee or our API Explore Integrations Our Achivements For more than 7 years, we’ve helped thousands of businesses launch and scale highly profitable affiliate programs. $30M + Revenue Tracked Each Month $30M + Revenue Tracked Each Month $30M + Revenue Tracked Each Month 2000+ Customers 2000+ Customers 2000+ Customers 7000+ Programs Launched 7000+ Programs Launched 7000+ Programs Launched “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Florian Muller Affiliate Manager at Minea.com “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Florian Muller Affiliate Manager at Minea.com “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Florian Muller Affiliate Manager at Minea.com “We've been using FirstPromoter for over 5 years. It has helped us bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars of additional revenue, while being managed by just a single person.” — John O'Nolan Founder & CEO at Ghost.org “We've been using FirstPromoter for over 5 years. It has helped us bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars of additional revenue, while being managed by just a single person.” — John O'Nolan Founder & CEO at Ghost.org “We've been using FirstPromoter for over 5 years. It has helped us bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars of additional revenue, while being managed by just a single person.” — John O'Nolan Founder & CEO at Ghost.org “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Shubham Sood Affiliate Program Lead at SaaS Labs - JustCall “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Shubham Sood Affiliate Program Lead at SaaS Labs - JustCall “FirstPromoter has proven time and again that it is the ideal platform for our affiliate program. It is intuitive, simple, and the customer service always replies immediately whenever we need help!“ — Shubham Sood Affiliate Program Lead at SaaS Labs - JustCall Trusted by thousands of SaaS businesses Trusted by thousands of SaaS businesses Trusted by thousands of SaaS businesses See how businesses grow with FirstPromoter Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month See how businesses grow with FirstPromoter Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Case Study Submagic scaled to €1.6M with FirstPromoter "FirstPromoter has been great, been loving the new update - much more cleaner and the new way of coupon codes is a game changer. Tracking is great and shows all numbers that needs to be seen!" — David Zitoun Co-founder of Submagic Read Case Study €1,635,717 In total revenue from affiliates €85,000+ Per month 9,000+ Promoters Case Study How CustomGPT scaled to €1M with FirstPromoter "Customer service has been excellent, and the platform itself is very sleek and intuiative. For a growing affiliate program, it's perfect.! — Ethan Housen Marketing and Partnership Manager at CustomGPT Read Case Study Over $1M In total revenue from affiliates 1,400 Paying customers 5,000+ Promoters Case Study How Neutoflash gained 8000 new users "It has been gotten alot easier since the launch of V2 for sure! Honestly our work with FirstPromoter is currently very low since we have everything  setup: new affiliate got onaboarded automatically and we offer to have a call with them. Rest of the work is go through new applications once a week, checkout data once a month, sent out emails for affiliate if we do campaign/product release. — Julia Schlocker Product OPs manager at neuroflash Read Case Study 8,000 New users 100 New paying customers/month 30+ Promoters/month Easy to start. Built to scale Easy to use, reliable and scalable Dashboard Insightful dashboard filled with global data for you. Appealing and highly customizable "portal" for your promoters. Reports Powerful reporting across 18 relevant data points. If it matters, you won't miss it. Assets Empower promoters with compelling assets. Pictures, documents and text content. Emails Automate your affiliate email marketing. Send broadcast and trigger-based emails with ease. No need for a 3rd party tool. Dashboard Insightful dashboard filled with global data for you. Appealing and highly customizable "portal" for your promoters. Reports Powerful reporting across 18 relevant data points. If it matters, you won't miss it. Assets Empower promoters with compelling assets. Pictures, documents and text content. Emails Automate your affiliate email marketing. Send broadcast and trigger-based emails with ease. No need for a 3rd party tool. Dashboard Insightful dashboard filled with global data for you. Appealing and highly customizable "portal" for your promoters. Reports Powerful reporting across 18 relevant data points. If it matters, you won't miss it. Assets Empower promoters with compelling assets. Pictures, documents and text content. Emails Automate your affiliate email marketing. Send broadcast and trigger-based emails with ease. No need for a 3rd party tool. Simple. Fast. Reliable. Everything you need to run your own affiliate, referral and influencer program. From launching campaigns to tracking personalized referral links and overseeing powerful reports. Launch affiliate and referral campaigns with ease Follow the step-by-step setup to start your first affiliate program, no matter how simple or complex your affiliate scheme is. 1 Launch affiliate and referral campaigns with ease Follow the step-by-step setup to start your first affiliate program, no matter how simple or complex your affiliate scheme is. 1 Launch affiliate and referral campaigns with ease Follow the step-by-step setup to start your first affiliate program, no matter how simple or complex your affiliate scheme is. 1 Customize the affiliate dashboard with your branding Edit the affiliate dashboard to make it yours. Add your colors, logo, and choose the layout that suits you. 2 Customize the affiliate dashboard with your branding Edit the affiliate dashboard to make it yours. Add your colors, logo, and choose the layout that suits you. 2 Customize the affiliate dashboard with your branding Edit the affiliate dashboard to make it yours. Add your colors, logo, and choose the layout that suits you. 2 Track personalized referral links and coupon codes Track sales by discount coupon codes alone, email or personalized referral links. 3 Track personalized referral links and coupon codes Track sales by discount coupon codes alone, email or personalized referral links. 3 Track personalized referral links and coupon codes Track sales by discount coupon codes alone, email or personalized referral links. 3 Leverage powerful reporting Oversee the performance of your affiliate program across 18 data points. 4 Leverage powerful reporting Oversee the performance of your affiliate program across 18 data points. 4 Leverage powerful reporting Oversee the performance of your affiliate program across 18 data points. 4 Save time with quick payouts Pay hundreds of affiliates at once, directly from FirstPromoter dashboard. 5 Save time with quick payouts Pay hundreds of affiliates at once, directly from FirstPromoter dashboard. 5 Save time with quick payouts Pay hundreds of affiliates at once, directly from FirstPromoter dashboard. 5 "I cannot sing enough praises for FirstPromoter! As a startup navigating the affiliate marketing landscape, finding the right platform was crucial for our success. Their commitment to customer service is unparalleled.Louis, in particular, deserves special recognition for his exceptional support during our migration from another affiliate platform. His expertise and dedication ensured a seamless onboarding process. The platform is easy for anyone to use, even for those less tech-savvy, it's incredibly intuitive to navigate, and packed with tons of features. We love FirstPromoter!" — Emily Giunta Marketing Project Manager at Vidalytics "I cannot sing enough praises for FirstPromoter! As a startup navigating the affiliate marketing landscape, finding the right platform was crucial for our success. Their commitment to customer service is unparalleled.Louis, in particular, deserves special recognition for his exceptional support during our migration from another affiliate platform. His expertise and dedication ensured a seamless onboarding process. The platform is easy for anyone to use, even for those less tech-savvy, it's incredibly intuitive to navigate, and packed with tons of features. We love FirstPromoter!" — Emily Giunta Marketing Project Manager at Vidalytics "I cannot sing enough praises for FirstPromoter! As a startup navigating the affiliate marketing landscape, finding the right platform was crucial for our success. Their commitment to customer service is unparalleled.Louis, in particular, deserves special recognition for his exceptional support during our migration from another affiliate platform. His expertise and dedication ensured a seamless onboarding process. The platform is easy for anyone to use, even for those less tech-savvy, it's incredibly intuitive to navigate, and packed with tons of features. We love FirstPromoter!" — Emily Giunta Marketing Project Manager at Vidalytics NEW Auto-Payouts One click Auto-payouts FirstPromoter can handle payments on your behalf by automatically paying all your promoters. 100% worry-free, compliant payouts You pay a single invoice from us You pay a single invoice from us We handle all payouts to your affiliates How it works 1 We review and set up your account. 1 We review and set up your account. 1 We review and set up your account. 2 You select affiliates and pay the invoice. It takes less than 5 minutes. 2 You select affiliates and pay the invoice. It takes less than 5 minutes. 2 You select affiliates and pay the invoice. It takes less than 5 minutes. 3 We pay your affiliates while you focus on your business. 3 We pay your affiliates while you focus on your business. 3 We pay your affiliates while you focus on your business. Built for subscriptions Automatically track recurring and one-time charges, upgrades, cancellations and refunds. FirstPromoter knows how to automatically adjust commissions for any billing event, saving you a lot of time. Recurring commissions in sync with users' subscription, no need for manual approval. Refunds and chargebacks are automatically tracked and failed charges ignored. Easily view your trialling, paying and cancelled referred users. A portal your affiliates will love Your promoters have a beautiful "portal" where they can check their stats, view their rewards and share referral links. You can customize: Your promoters have a beautiful "portal" where they can check their stats, view their rewards and share referral links. You can customize: Your promoters have a beautiful "portal" where they can check their stats, view their rewards and share referral links. You can customize: Logo, background, border, buttons and text colors Page meta-content, favicon, affiliate terms Visibility and content of different sections and panels Custom CSS and Javascript Custom signup fields Besides our default 15 signup fields, you can also add your own custom fields using 4 field types. Sub-id link tracking and A/B testing Affiliates can create links with sub-ids which lets them see how the same link performs under different channels. Affiliates can submit their own leads You can enable a lead form inside the affiliate dashboard so affiliates can submit their own leads, which you can approve or deny. Instant Flow Launch your Stripe affiliate program with coupon code tracking Besides the traditional referral link tracking, with FirstPromoter you can also: Create Stripe coupons directly within the platform Assign multiple coupons to each affiliate Let affiliates customize or generate their own tracking coupons Setup in less than 5 minutes No script required No developer needed Built with FirstPromoter Built with FirstPromoter More Magic More Magic But wait... There's More! But wait... There's More! From launching campaigns to tracking personalized referral links and overseeing powerful reports. Simple, fast, and reliable. From launching campaigns to tracking personalized referral links and overseeing powerful reports. Simple, fast, and reliable. Use your own domain Set your own domain (with SSL encryption support) for affiliate dashboard and sign up pages. Individual rewards and bonuses Give performance bonuses and personalize the commissions and rewards scheme for each affiliate individually. Direct URL tracking Assign a unique URL or landing page to an affiliate and FirstPromoter will be able track referrals without a referral link. Fraud Protection Affiliates get commissions only when the purchase is confirmed by your billing provider. We also have algorithms to indentify suspicious leads. SEO-friendly referral links No redirects. No ugly short-links. Get the maximum SEO juice with referral links in 8 formats. Invite your team Get your teammates inside FirstPromoter. You can set 3 different user roles and restrict access to certain campaigns. Multiple currencies We support 190 currencies and can do conversions in 170. We use daily updated exchange rates and you can apply your own exchange fee. Custom CSS and Javascript Get unlimited flexibility on your affiliates dashboard. From enabling services like live-chat, surveys or analytics to changing the design completely. Embeddable affiliate dashboard You can embed the affiliate dashboard inside your application and log your users in automatically, without asking them to enter a password or email. Why customers choose us Your business is in good hands Our dedicated Customer Success team is there for you when you need it most. “From the beginning, their customer support has already BLOWN one of their main competitors out of the water!! They've been so helpful the entire way." — Kayla H. Affiliate Manager at Carrot “From the beginning, their customer support has already BLOWN one of their main competitors out of the water!! They've been so helpful the entire way." — Kayla H. Affiliate Manager at Carrot “From the beginning, their customer support has already BLOWN one of their main competitors out of the water!! They've been so helpful the entire way." — Kayla H. Affiliate Manager at Carrot “Every time we thought "it would be great if we could do X", there was a feature to do exactly that. The support is quick, and they go above and beyond to help you solve problems, not just answer questions.” — Dan Harvey Co Founder and Chief Revenue Officer at Passion.io “Every time we thought "it would be great if we could do X", there was a feature to do exactly that. The support is quick, and they go above and beyond to help you solve problems, not just answer questions.” — Dan Harvey Co Founder and Chief Revenue Officer at Passion.io “Every time we thought "it would be great if we could do X", there was a feature to do exactly that. The support is quick, and they go above and beyond to help you solve problems, not just answer questions.” — Dan Harvey Co Founder and Chief Revenue Officer at Passion.io “I love First Promoter! We just migrated from another tool and we should have done it earlier. Support is 10/10”. — Chris Stanislawek Marketing Manager at Wishpond “I love First Promoter! We just migrated from another tool and we should have done it earlier. Support is 10/10”. — Chris Stanislawek Marketing Manager at Wishpond “I love First Promoter! We just migrated from another tool and we should have done it earlier. Support is 10/10”. — Chris Stanislawek Marketing Manager at Wishpond Simple pricing that grows with you Monthly plans Yearly plans 2 months free Starter up to $5,000 /month revenue from affiliates $49 /per month Unlimited website visitors Maximum 1000 affiliates Maximum 2 campaigns Personalized referral links Link and coupon tracking Any type of monetary rewards and commissions Brandable affiliate dashboard Email marketing automation Quick mass PayPal and Wise bulk payouts W-9/W-8BEN tax form collection Unlimited team members Self-referral and ad traffic detectioned team members Broadcast emails Multi-tiered commissions Stripe historical import Custom signup fields Webhooks, Zapier, Make and Albato integrations Auto-create coupons in Stripe Get Started Most Popular Business up to $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates $99 /per month Everything in Starter, plus: Unlimited affiliates Unlimited campaigns Your own domain for the affiliate dashboard Manage multiple websites (2 different domains) One-click direct PayPal payouts 3rd tier commission Invoicing for EU companies Get Started Enterprise above $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates STARTING AT More Enterprise tiers available $149 /per month Everything in Business, plus: Custom CSS and Javascript Non-monetary rewards Powered by link removed from affiliate dashboard and emails Manage multiple websites (3 different domains) Post-back URL Managed Auto Payouts Let's Talk Monthly plans Yearly plans 2 months free Starter up to $5,000 /month revenue from affiliates $49 /per month Unlimited website visitors Maximum 1000 affiliates Maximum 2 campaigns Personalized referral links Link and coupon tracking Any type of monetary rewards and commissions Brandable affiliate dashboard Email marketing automation Quick mass PayPal and Wise bulk payouts W-9/W-8BEN tax form collection Unlimited team members Self-referral and ad traffic detectioned team members Broadcast emails Multi-tiered commissions Stripe historical import Custom signup fields Webhooks, Zapier, Make and Albato integrations Auto-create coupons in Stripe Get Started Most Popular Business up to $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates $99 /per month Everything in Starter, plus: Unlimited affiliates Unlimited campaigns Your own domain for the affiliate dashboard Manage multiple websites (2 different domains) One-click direct PayPal payouts 3rd tier commission Invoicing for EU companies Get Started Enterprise above $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates STARTING AT More Enterprise tiers available $149 /per month Everything in Business, plus: Custom CSS and Javascript Non-monetary rewards Powered by link removed from affiliate dashboard and emails Manage multiple websites (3 different domains) Post-back URL Managed Auto Payouts Let's Talk Monthly plans Yearly plans 2 months free Starter up to $5,000 /month revenue from affiliates $49 /per month Unlimited website visitors Maximum 1000 affiliates Maximum 2 campaigns Personalized referral links Link and coupon tracking Any type of monetary rewards and commissions Brandable affiliate dashboard Email marketing automation Quick mass PayPal and Wise bulk payouts W-9/W-8BEN tax form collection Unlimited team members Self-referral and ad traffic detectioned team members Broadcast emails Multi-tiered commissions Stripe historical import Custom signup fields Webhooks, Zapier, Make and Albato integrations Auto-create coupons in Stripe Get Started Most Popular Business up to $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates $99 /per month Everything in Starter, plus: Unlimited affiliates Unlimited campaigns Your own domain for the affiliate dashboard Manage multiple websites (2 different domains) One-click direct PayPal payouts 3rd tier commission Invoicing for EU companies Get Started Enterprise above $15,000 /month revenue from affiliates STARTING AT More Enterprise tiers available $149 /per month Everything in Business, plus: Custom CSS and Javascript Non-monetary rewards Powered by link removed from affiliate dashboard and emails Manage multiple websites (3 different domains) Post-back URL Managed Auto Payouts Let's Talk *all revenue generated each month by your affiliate/referral program(including new and recurring sales) Interested in a more detailed comparison of plan features? View our in-depth comparison View our in-depth comparison We’ve launched FirstPromoter 2.0 2.0 ✔ A new clean and modern UI ✔  A new feature-rich affiliate portal ✔  Tons of new features and improvements View Changelog Frequently Asked Questions These are the questions we heard more often. Is FirstPromoter only for SaaS businesses? Can you make payouts directly from the Stripe account? Can I use my own domain name? What's the affiliate cookie life? Will affiliate marketing work for my business? How long are your contracts? Are you GDPR compliant? Is FirstPromoter only for SaaS businesses? Can you make payouts directly from the Stripe account? Can I use my own domain name? What's the affiliate cookie life? Will affiliate marketing work for my business? How long are your contracts? Are you GDPR compliant? Is FirstPromoter only for SaaS businesses? Can you make payouts directly from the Stripe account? Can I use my own domain name? What's the affiliate cookie life? Will affiliate marketing work for my business? How long are your contracts? Are you GDPR compliant? Don’t see the answer you need? That’s ok. Just drop a message and we will get back to you ASAP. Contact Us Don’t see the answer you need? That’s ok. Just drop a message and we will get back to you ASAP. Contact Us Don’t see the answer you need? That’s ok. Just drop a message and we will get back to you ASAP. Contact Us Get Started Today Launch Affiliate, Influencer & Referral Programs in under 15 minutes. Start building a program that delivers results. Get Started Get Started Today Launch Affiliate, Influencer & Referral Programs in under 15 minutes. Start building a program that delivers results. Get Started Get Started Today Launch Affiliate, Influencer & Referral Programs in under 15 minutes. Start building a program that delivers results. Get Started Made with in Transylvania. Product Pricing Changelog Affiliate Program Management Affiliate Tracking Software Case studies Submagic CustomGPT neuroflash Passion.io JustCall See All Billing providers integrations Stripe Chargebee Paddle Platform integrations Zapier Make Albato All integrations Compare us Overview Rewardful Alternative LeadDyno Alternative Tapfiliate Alternative Partnerstack Alternative Tolt Alternative Reditus Alternative Resources API Help GDPR Careers Blog Blog Archive Copyright © 2016-2025 Igil Webs SRL. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Privacy Made with in Transylvania. Product Pricing Changelog Affiliate Program Management Affiliate Tracking Software Case studies Submagic CustomGPT neuroflash Passion.io JustCall See All Billing providers integrations Stripe Chargebee Paddle Platform integrations Zapier Make Albato All integrations Compare us Overview Rewardful Alternative LeadDyno Alternative Tapfiliate Alternative Partnerstack Alternative Tolt Alternative Reditus Alternative Resources API Help GDPR Careers Blog Blog Archive Copyright © 2016-2025 Igil Webs SRL. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Privacy Made with in Transylvania. Product Pricing Changelog Affiliate Program Management Affiliate Tracking Software Case studies Submagic CustomGPT neuroflash Passion.io JustCall See All Billing providers integrations Stripe Chargebee Paddle Platform integrations Zapier Make Albato All integrations Compare us Overview Rewardful Alternative LeadDyno Alternative Tapfiliate Alternative Partnerstack Alternative Tolt Alternative Reditus Alternative Resources API Help GDPR Careers Blog Blog Archive Copyright © 2016-2025 Igil Webs SRL. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Privacy