Jacksonville's Leading Local News: Weather, Traffic, Sports and more | Jacksonville, Florida | firstcoastnews.com Skip Navigation Share on Facebook Share on SMS Share on Email Navigation News Back Local Near Me Investigations Politics Crime Traffic Nation World Entertainment Features Latest News Stories Woman arrested for deadly stabbing of man at Grand Park home Man dies after being stabbed in Grand Park neighborhood: JSO Weather Back Forecast Radar 10-Day Hourly Maps Hurricane Central Closings & Delays Latest Weather Stories Coldest temperatures of the week continue to seep in by Wednesday morning What is black ice? Sports Back High School Sports Jacksonville Jaguars Gators Seminoles Icemen Jumbo Shrimp Armada Athlete of the Week Bulldogs Olympics Locked On Podcast Network Latest Stories Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations Trevor Lawrence runs for 2 scores as Jaguars close in on AFC South title with 23-17 win over Colts Search Search: Search Right Now Jacksonville, FL » 42° Jacksonville, FL » Weather Closings Hurricane Central Advertise With Us Memorials On Your Side Meet The Team Ask Anthony First Coast Living Contests Buddy Check 12 La Primera Costa First Coast Foodies Military HeartThreads TV Listings Breaking News More ( ) » Jacksonville's Leading Local News: Weather, Traffic, Sports and more | Jacksonville, Florida Weather Impact Alert: First Coast to see frigid temperatures Tuesday-Thursday mornings Overnight wind chills are expected to be in the 20s to lower 30s with freezing temperatures likely over interior areas away from the water. No criminal charges for off-duty JSO lieutenant who fired gun at semi-truck on I-95 FWC reports 52 bears killed in state's first black bear hunt in 10 years Woman arrested for deadly stabbing of man at Grand Park home 'Took an innocent life': Woman grieves boyfriend killed by drunk driver on New Year’s Day Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Neighbors fear for safety after man shot in face in car on Jacksonville’s Westside Man fatally shot in officer-involved shooting in Jacksonville's Oceanway neighborhood 'Bittersweet but humbling': Men honored with Carnegie Medal for Fernandina Beach rip current rescue Brunswick police officer placed on administrative leave after being arrested in domestic dispute Watch First Coast News now streaming 24/7 on Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple TV Featured First Coast Living wants to send you to Universal Orlando Resort! Watch First Coast News now streaming 24/7 on Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple TV Do you have a problem that needs to be resolved? Ask Anthony Nominate a deserving individual for the First Coast News On Your Side 12 Who Care service awards 2025 Outdoor retailer to leave its doors closed on Black Friday Issue impacting some livestreams resolved One Year After Helene: The Resiliency of Cocke County One Year After Helene: The Strength of Greene County That toothache could kill you. Jacksonville's Apple Project offers free dental care to save lives Here's how to share storm-related pictures, videos with First Coast News Here's how you can help people affected by Hurricane Helene La Primera Costa, A Tu Lado, ahora en español U.S. Curling Team trains at Minnesota Vikings facility ahead of 2026 Olympics 37 days 09 hours 49 minutes 06 seconds St. Augustine citizens propose Nights of Lights changes to balance tradition, modernity and tourism What began as a small, family-driven holiday tradition has grown steadily through word of mouth. But growth comes with challenges. Fireworks and Shrimp Drops: Where to ring in the new year on the First Coast From the nationally acclaimed Shrimp Drop to explosions over the St. Johns River, there are several local events planned to celebrate the start of 2026. University of Missouri football player aids Jacksonville shelter amid cold snap preparations City Rescue Mission expands shelter capacity to protect the homeless from cold front, with help from community volunteers like Mizzou athlete Santana Banner. Smart Deals Shop TV Deals with Jeff Rossen: Kaito Emergency Radios Shop smarter with a Costco Gold Star Membership that comes with a $40 Digital Costco Shop Card* Go ahead, treat yourself to a MacBook Pro for $400 This Japanese handcrafted knife set is on sale for $110 for a limited time Your most organized year begins with $100 off a Microsoft Office 2024 lifetime license Shop TV Deals with Jeff Rossen: Calmwrap Add a MacBook Air to your setup for just $200 Windows 11 Pro gives you faster workflows and an AI assistant for just $10 Nation World Here's when 'Stranger Things' finale drops on Netflix Isiah Whitlock Jr., 'The Wire' and 'Veep' actor, has died Buddhist monks persist in peace walk from Texas to DC as thousands follow on social media What cancer did Tatiana Schlossberg have? Workers in 19 states will see minimum wage increase on New Year's Day 2026 Richard Smallwood, Grammy-winning gospel giant covered by Whitney Houston and Destiny's Child, dies at 77 Local News Woman arrested for deadly stabbing of man at Grand Park home Teri Owens, 44, was arrested after 69-year-old David Spivey was found stabbed at his home the day after Christmas, according to Jacksonville police. Man dies after being stabbed in Grand Park neighborhood: JSO Multiple people were detained for questioning Friday night following a stabbing that left an older man dead, according to the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office. Sports Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations "We support Stefon," the Patriots said in a statement. Trevor Lawrence runs for 2 scores as Jaguars close in on AFC South title with 23-17 win over Colts The Jacksonville Jaguars have moved within one victory of their first AFC South title since 2022 following a season sweep of the Colts. Sports Entertainment Is New Year's Day a federal holiday? Here's what's open and closed The first day of 2026 is a holiday for many workers, which could make it difficult to get some essentials to start the year. Ferrari’s legacy drives Maranello ahead of 2026 Winter Olympics The Italian automaker remains a symbol of speed, style and national pride as visitors flock to its hometown. Connect with First Coast News About Us Advertise Contact Us Jobs Meet the Team TV Listings Newsletters Contests YouTube Connect FCC Applications First Coast News Accessibility Read TEGNA’s accessibility statement. Before You Leave, Check This Out Jobs Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices EEO Public File Report FCC Online Public Inspection File Closed Caption Procedures Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2025 WTLV-TV. All Rights Reserved.