First Alert 4 | Missouri Local News, Weather, Sports | St. Louis, MO Skip to content Surprise Squad Drone 4 4You Download Our Apps News Watch Live Weather First Alert 4 Investigates Matrix Midwest Traffic My St. Louis LIVE! Great Day We the People First Alert Weather Now Home Drone 4 News Local First Alert 4 Investigates Crime We the People Spooky, Terrifying, Lore Inside The Mind Ag & Water Desk National Slideshows Sign Up for Our Newsletter Weather First Alert Weather Now Weather Outlook Special Map Room Radar Room Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Ford Skycam Network Jim Butler Powerhouse Silverado Closings Live Newscast Sports Blues Cardinals City SC Battlehawks Chiefs Matrix Midwest My St. Louis LIVE! The Stage Snaps From The Stage The Stage Extended Mom Club Traffic Gas Prices Community Tranquil Time With Taylor Calendar Turn the Page with Paige Hulsey Surprise Squad 4 You Contests 4 Degree Guarantee Travers Saturday Night Drive Great Day Great Day Green Room Great Day 4 Kids The Stage Download Our Apps Submit Photos or Video Contact Us Our Apps Meet the Team Programming Schedule First Alert 4 Streaming Schedule Sign Up For First Alert 4 Newsletters Advertise With Us Closed Captioning Careers NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Latest Newscasts Circle Country Digital Marketing Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet PowerNation Gray AI Policy TRENDING Watch Friday’s Blues game for free on First Alert 4 & Matrix Midwest St. Louis City opens emergency shelters Most read St. Louis region stories in 2025 Police investigating homicide near Lafayette Square A man died Wednesday evening after a shooting in south St. Louis City. News Man accused of killing mom in Metro East arrested after police chase near Kansas City Metro East Thieves steal tools from Carlinville charity, community rallies to help Local Homicide vigil honors victims as St. Louis sees lowest murder rate in over a decade TOP HEADLINES St. Louis City SLPS again fails to turn in annual audit on time Updated : 10 minutes ago | By First Alert 4 Staff For the third straight year, the St. Louis Public Schools (SLPS) has not turned in its annual financial audit on time St. Louis City Judge says it too early to determine who gets to appoint interim STL City Sheriff Updated : 1 hour ago | By First Alert 4 Staff Another development has popped up in the saga surrounding the St. Louis Sheriff’s Office News SSM Health, UnitedHealthcare announce update in contract dispute Updated : 6 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff SSM Health and UnitedHealthcare have signed a letter of agreement on a new contract. Local ‘This happens every year’; Long lines mark end of tax season in St Louis County Updated : 3 hours ago | By Jon Kipper People who waited until the last minute to pay their taxes in St. Louis County faced long lines Wednesday Local Mothers Against Drunk Driving asking people to plan ahead and have sober driver for New Years Eve Updated : 3 hours ago | By Shoshana Stahl As New Year’s Eve celebrations take place across St. Louis, Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) is reminding drivers to make safe choices and help prevent impaired driving crashes News Missouri lawmaker looks for solutions to car theft problem Updated : 3 hours ago | By Hannah Falcon (First Alert 4) Missourians experience more car thefts than most of the country. That’s according to the National Insurance Crime Bureau that ranked Missouri sixth in the country for car thefts per capita in 2025. 10 Day Forecast FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Crime was down in 2025 in the City of St. Louis: Chief Tracy News Man struck, killed on I-70 in St. Louis County News Missouri’s minimum wage increases to $15 per hour for public workers News Give Parsley a forever home! MORE NEWS National Trump administration freezing child care funds to all states amid investigation into fraud schemes Updated : 4 hours ago | By The Associated Press and CHARLOTTE KRAMON and SARAH BRUMFIELD Associated Press/Report for America States will have to provide more verification for the child care centers that receive funds from the Child Care and Development Fund, according to a Department of Health and Human Services spokesperson. National New USPS rule could affect postmark dates for mail, like taxes or ballots Updated : 5 hours ago | By CNN Newsource Mail may not be postmarked the same day it is dropped off. National Trump says he’s dropping push for National Guard in Chicago, LA and Portland, Oregon, for now Updated : 2 hours ago | By The Associated Press and MICHELLE L. PRICE Associated Press The move comes after legal roadblocks hung up the effort. News St. Louis County mourns death of decades-long recreation leader Updated : 6 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff The man who spearheaded the creation of the Great Rivers Greenway and Metro East Park District has died. St. Louis County St. Louis County postal employee assaulted over missing package Updated : 7 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff A man is accused of assaulting a postal employee in St. Louis County over a missing package. News Crime was down in 2025 in the City of St. Louis: Chief Tracy Updated : 3 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff St. Louis Metropolitan Police Chief Robert Tracy sent a letter to the department on New Year’s Eve outlining why the City was safer in 2025. National Here are the most popular pet names of 2025 Updated : 8 hours ago | By Emily Van de Riet According to a new report from Trupanion, Luna is the most popular name of 2025 for both dogs and cats. Crime WANTED: St. Louis police release photos of man sought in connection with downtown shooting Updated : 8 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff St. Louis police are asking for help identifying a suspect in a downtown shooting. National Instagram influencer who described herself as a ‘con artist’ gets 16 years in prison for identity theft, bank fraud Updated : 8 hours ago | By Jim DeLa and Emily Van de Riet A social media influencer who scammed the federal government out of $1 million in disaster loans during the pandemic has learned her prison sentence. National New legislation would require some schools to teach students about Jan. 6 insurrection Updated : 9 hours ago | By Madeline Adams and Andrew McMunn New legislation in New York state would require schools to teach students about the Jan. 6, 2021 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol. News KCI reopens after being evacuated, law enforcement reports ‘no credible threat’ Updated : 9 hours ago | By Greg Dailey Airport officials responded to a threat at Kansas City International Airport on Wednesday morning. News Man struck, killed on I-70 in St. Louis County Updated : 16 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff Police are investigating after a man was struck and killed on Interstate 70 in St. Louis County overnight. MORE NEWS News City of St. Louis announces new emergency shelter activation levels Updated : 10 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff Today, the City of St. Louis announced new emergency shelter activation levels to help increase predictability for those in need of shelter and shelter providers. Sports Clydesdales to be featured in Rose Parade on Jan. 1 Updated : 15 hours ago | By The Associated Press The Rose Parade in sunny Southern California is back again to ring in the new year, bringing a floral spectacle to crowds of excited spectators, many of whom will camp out overnight for a prime-time viewing spot of the beloved parade. Local Missouri’s minimum wage increases to $15 per hour for public workers Updated : 23 hours ago | By Jordyn Burrell Starting Jan. 1, public employers in Missouri will be required to pay workers $15 per hour. News To address St. Louis pharmacy deserts, pharmacy, city and WashU conduct research to understand the scope Updated : 23 hours ago | By Shawn Loging Nearly 52,000 people in St. Louis live in pharmacy deserts, according to new research from a collaboration between a local pharmacy, the City of St. Louis Health Department and Washington University School of Medicine. Health Jefferson County reports two COVID-19 deaths in December Updated : 23 hours ago | By First Alert 4 Staff Jefferson County health authorities are reporting that two people died from COVID-19 in December St. Louis City Third fire in south St. Louis neighborhood under investigation as residents suspect squatters Updated : 23 hours ago | By Kimberly Donahue After a fire from a vacant property damaged a neighboring home, residents want to see change after suspecting the fire was caused by squatters. News From Pope Francis to Charlie Kirk, many deaths in 2025 had a wide impact Updated : 15 hours ago | By The Associated Press The world lost influential people in 2025, and some of their deaths had significant impacts. National Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here’s what to know Updated : 22 hours ago | By The Associated Press and LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says after a slow start to flu season in early December, much of the country is now seeing a jump in cases. News Missouri awarded $14.24 million in federal funds for anti-drone security during World Cup Updated : 15 hours ago | By Zoë Shriner Drones have been a major part of the 2026 FIFA World Cup security conversation. News Sheriff: Washington County, Mo. deputy hit woman with patrol vehicle as she was firing gun Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:19 PM CST | By First Alert 4 Staff A woman died after being hit by a patrol vehicle in Washington County, Missouri, on Monday. News Weather Sports Traffic Great Day Living Well Contact Us Careers KMOV 77 Progress Parkway Maryland Heights, MO 63043 (314) 621-4444 Public Inspection File FCC Applications EEO Statement Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026