Fire and EMS Software | Fire and EMS RMS Software See how First Due is handling nearly 50% of NERIS Submissions See How First Due Leads NERIS See why See why Products United States Canada NERIS Software COMING SOON ePCR Pre-Incident Planning Hydrants First Due AI Scheduling & Personnel Events & Activities Training & Learning Management Health & Wellness Assets & Inventory Fire Prevention Community Connect Fire Investigations ITM Mobile Responder Incident Command Data & Analytics Advanced Data Insights Fire Documentation Scheduling & Personnel Assets & Inventory Fire Prevention Pre-Incident Planning Hydrants Community Connect Fire Investigations ITM Training & Learning Management Health & Wellness Mobile Responder First Due AI Incident Command Data & Analytics Events & Activities State EMS Data Repository Patient Registry License Management COMING SOON Advance Data Insights On-Demand Webinars Catch-up on in-depth product webinars on demand. Learn More Link Who We Serve EMS First Due integrates platforms for streamlined EMS operations from ePCR to personnel management. Fire First Due revolutionizes Fire operations with all-in-one software, simplifying agency needs. Federal Empowering federal Fire and EMS agencies with FedRAMP authorization. State EMS Empowering State EMS agency ePCR, data management and analytics. Law Enforcement Scheduling and personnel management for Law Enforcement agencies has never been easier. Industrial Fire & Safety The next-generation solution engineered with deep configurability for industrial fire & life safety. First Due for EMS Discover the power of the all-in-one suite for EMS. Learn More Resources Videos In-depth videos of First Due products. Customer Stories All our products, explainers, news coverage and more.tware. First Due Blog Insights from across the First Due team. In the News First Due and Community Connect programs making headlines. Product Brochures & Best Practices Guides Read more about First Due's technology. Support Learn how to get the help you need, when you need it from the First Due team. Videos Press Releases First Due Blog In the News Product Brochures & Best Practices Guides Customer Stories Support NEW! Next-Generation ePCR UI Watch Video About & Events Events Conferences & Events in person & virtual. Careers Join the First Due team. Cooperative Purchasing Public Safety Software Procurement, Simplified. First Due Unify Stay in the loop and learn more about  First Due's annual user summit. About Us The team re-imagining Public Safety Software. Professional Services A team of experts dedicated to guiding your First Due implementation from day one. Partners Technology partners & integrations. Press Releases Announcements from the team re-imagining fire & EMS software. NEW! View Past Webinars On-Demand Learn More Customers Webinars Sign In Get A Demo Products United States Canada NERIS Software COMING SOON ePCR Pre-Incident Planning Hydrants First Due AI Scheduling & Personnel Events & Activities Training & Learning Management Health & Wellness Assets & Inventory Fire Prevention Community Connect Fire Investigations ITM Mobile Responder Incident Command Data & Analytics Advanced Data Insights Fire Documentation Scheduling & Personnel Assets & Inventory Fire Prevention ITM Pre-Incident Planning Hydrants Community Connect Training & Learning Management Events & Activities Fire Investigations Mobile Responder Incident Command Data & Analytics First Due AI Health & Wellness State EMS Data Repository Patient Registry License Management COMING SOON Advance Data Insights Link Who We Serve EMS Conferences & Events in person & virtual. Fire Technology partners & integrations. Federal Technology partners & integrations. State EMS Technology partners & integrations. Industrial Fire & Safety Technology partners & integrations. Law Enforcement Technology partners & integrations. Resources Videos The lastest news coverage of First Due and our customers. Customers The team re-imagining Public Safety Software. First Due Blog Insights from across the First Due team. Product Brochures & Best Practices Guides Lessons learned from Fire & EMS agencies around North America. In the News Support All our products, explainers, news coverage and more.tware. About & Events Events Conferences & Events in person & virtual. Press Releases Professional Services Learn more about First Due's Implementation Process Replace Handshake Graphic with Video Partners Technology partners & integrations. Careers Join the worldwide First Due team. Cooperative Purchasing Public Safety Software Procurement, Simplified. About Us The team re-imagining Public Safety Software. First Due Unify Stay in the loop and learn more about  First Due's annual user summit. Webinars Sign In Get A Demo Join us for our 2nd annual User Summit First Due Unify 2025 Come together, share insights, and explore the latest innovations with First Due. register now AI Powered Fire and EMS RMS Software Your entire operation. One platform. explore products Trusted Across North America Fire & EMS Records Management Software is Broken No True Single Platform No RMS software effectively links the most vital functions across prevention, response, incident reporting assets, and personnel. Outdated Technology Most Fire RMS vendors build on old technology without the advantages of the cloud. Lack of Innovation Agencies' tech implementations receive little support and even less innovation leading to ineffective Records Management solutions. Not Crew Focused Technologies only focus on compliance and records and do not ensure responders have the information they need. Difficult Interoperability Cross-agency collaboration and information exchange are next to impossible with the current mix of outdated tech ecosystems. Poor Customer Support Fire and EMS RMS Vendors have not prioritized the customer experience. As a result, the adoption, proficiency, and support of mission-critical functions still need to be improved. Broken RMS Software Has Real World Impact Inefficiencies More Labor Hours No Visibility Increased Risk Poorer ISO Higher Cost Meet First Due First Due is the fastest-growing end-to-end software solution for Fire & EMS. Born in the cloud and built to run your entire operation in one place. ‍ First Due is the last piece of software your agency needs to buy. Consolidate NFIRS, ePCR, fire prevention, pre-incident planning, scheduling & personnel management, asset & inventory, hydrants, training, community engagement, mobile response, and more into a single application with a sole login available anywhere on any device. OUR STADISTICS By the Numbers Powering Public Safety at Scale 4M + Incident Reports/Year 500K + Fire Inspections/Year 500K + Vehicle Inspections/Year 300K + Global Users 2.8K + Agencies Using First Due More to explore Built to run your entire Fire & EMS operation in one place. Pre-Incident Planning Fire Prevention ITM NERIS ePCR Mobile Responder Scheduling & Personnel Community Connect Assets & Inventory Hydrants Training Health & Wellness Events & Activities Data & Analytics Fire Investigations Incident Command Advanced Data Insights Pre-Incident Planning Fire Prevention NFIRS ePCR Mobile Responder Scheduling & Personnel Community Connect Assets & Inventory Hydrants Training Events & Activities Data & Analytics Pre-Incident Planning Knowledge isn't just power; it's life safety. First Due delivers the Fire & EMS industry's best pre-planning solution that helps keep crews and citizens safe. Pre-Plan Mapping Advanced Mapping Features Enterprise Management Any Device Learn More Fire Prevention Re-Imagine Fire Prevention and Community Risk Reduction with First Due’s integrated Prevention Suite. Next-Gen Inspections Permitting Invoicing Occupancies Learn More ITM The fire prevention solution for AHJs to drive compliance and manage service providers. Service Portal Submissions AHJ Portal Enterprise Management Reporting and Analytics Learn More NERIS Software Incident documentation has never been easier. Drive compliance through accessible field tools, automation, and analytics. Streamlined Incident Documentation Advanced Integrations Compliance & Automation Reporting & Analytics Learn More ePCR Best-of-breed NEMSIS v3.4 compliant ePCR. All the functionality you need without sacrificing efficiency during response. Streamlined Documentation Advanced Integrations Hospital Interoperability Compliance & Automation Learn More Mobile Responder A sophisticated Fire & EMS-focused iOS and Android app that brings your First Due information to the forefront when you're in the field. Any iOS or Android Device Notify & Respond Full Platform Access CAD Agnostic Learn More Scheduling & Personnel Whether your crew's scheduling model is straightforward or complex, we've got you covered. Improved Scheduling Automation Compliance Enterprise Management Learn More Community Connect Community Connect allows residents to create a household life safety profile in minutes. In addition, First Due provides your agency with marketing resources to promote and drive ongoing engagement. Engage Residents Engage Businesses Automate Processes Respond Learn More Assets & Inventory Get real-time insight and statistics on apparatus and equipment health, usage, and compliance—seamlessly linked to First Due's scheduling and incident reporting modules. Enhanced Asset Management Next-Gen Vehicle Checks Work Order Management Powerful Automation Learn More Hydrants Hydrant testing and management workflows have never been easier with First Due's Hydrant module. Service and Test Response Data Management Learn More Training & Learning Management Software Enable your crews to gain the expertise they need with First Due's training module. Classes Dashboard Certifications Learn More Health & Wellness Proactively Monitor & Manage Responder Health and Safety Streamline Secure & Controlled Access Enterprise Features Data & Analytics Learn More Events & Activities Your agency is highly productive. The activities module lets you document that activity to the fullest each day. Configuration Views Enterprise Management Learn More Data & Analytics Data drives your department. First Due's reporting and analytics features put you in the driver's seat. Turnkey Reports Ad Hoc Reporting Visibility Learn More Fire Investigations Customize and manage your post-mortem fire documentation end to end. Next-Generation Documentation Comprehensive Investigations Records Management Interconnection & Compliance Learn More Incident Command Streamline critical incident management with a digital command board, enabling Incident Commanders to swiftly allocate and track resources. Live, Configurable Timers Account for and Assign Resources Incident Command Decisions in Real Time, On Any Device Quick, Easy, and Accurate AARs Learn More Advanced Data Insights Transform raw data into visual, actionable insights that empower leadership to evaluate performance, ensure compliance, and drive better outcomes across fire and EMS operations. Comprehensive Fire Insights Comprehensive EMS Insights Deep Configuration Enterprise Features Learn More What Makes First Due Different? Cloud-Based Platform We build for seamless integration between functions with effortless maintenance, upgrades, and access. Aggressive Innovation We build what you need faster and innovate to stay ahead of the rapidly changing world of Public Safety. Holistic Vision More than just compliance. We build for response, for your community, and for inter-agency interoperability. Team & Culture We partner with you to continue to innovate and support your agency's specific needs. Client Success is the core of what we do. Access & Share Information Anywhere, Anytime Access First Due on any device and achieve interoperability across borders and agencies. Customer Stories Industry Partnerships to Accelerate Fire Prevention Even Further read all stories City of Crystal Lake Chief Craig Snyder How Crystal Lake Fire Rescue Replaced Five Systems with One Platform "Firefighters hate two things: change and staying the same. But once our team started using First Due and saw what it could do—from scheduling to payroll to assets—the buy-in came naturally. Now we’ve got people excited, discovering features and saying, 'Did you know it can do this?' That’s when we knew we made the right choice." read story River Forest Chief David Bochenek From Siloed Systems to Seamless Operations: River Forest’s All-in-One Transformation with First Due “Shift coverage used to take a week. Now? It takes 7 minutes.” read story Hartsdale Fire Department Fire Captain Doug Palmesi Saving Institutional Knowledge & Enabling Field Access to Comprehensive Pre-Plans “First Due has freed up my mental capacity as a boss. First Due has given us a jump start in every aspect of our decisions, that jumpstart is what saves lives.” read story Reviews from the Field Learn from the experiences of fire and EMS leaders like you. Roger P. Fire Marshal Lafayette Heading First Due Does It All. As a Fire Marshal First Due allows me to be much more organized, productive, and efficient. First Due gives me the flexibility to build in my process so my work is code compliant and consistent. read full review Richard M. Fire Marshal Springfield Fire Department (MA) Heading Excellent Product it meets our departments need on all levels. This is the third product our department has used in the last 8 years, and I have to say the overall product development and customer service is second to none. First Due chooses to advance its full suite of products to make it easy and convenient for all customers. read full review Adam L. Firefighter Freeport Heading Modern and amazing. First Dues customer service is top notch. Fist due is always open for input from fire departments for enhancements. Their understanding of our needs and able to accommodate them. read full review Don B. Fire Marshal Draper Heading As a Fire Marshal I love the ease of use and customer service. It was very easy to implement and intergrate into our department. read full review Carter B. Firefighter paramedic Heading Must Have For Any Fire Department. Easy to use and fast navigation, preplans, previous call history for a location, hydrant locations, water main sizes, read call notes, and track units via a map. read full review Chris A. Battalion Chief Heading This software is all encompassing. It has everything that a first responder would need while en route to an emergency. The ease of use makes it easy to implement to all crews. I would highly recommend to any Fire/PD department to help have a true "live" library of target hazards. The information can be updated on the fly and be immediately available. read full review Michael D. Battalion Chief Heading Next level of first responder situational awareness. First Due provides users with up-to-date information on their incident responses with only a few button clicks. read full review Steve S. Deputy Chief Heading First Due's records management software is a game-changer for the fire service. It's streamlined, intuitive, and absolutely essential for effective emergency response. read full review About Us The fastest-growing end-to-end software solution for Fire & EMS. Born in the cloud—built to run your entire operation in one place. Have a question? +1 (516) 874 2258 +1 (516) 874-2258 Products Pre-Incident Planning Mobile Responder Asset & Inventory Fire Prevention ITM Community Connect Scheduling & Personnel NERIS Software ePCR Training & Learning Management Hydrants Events & Activities Data & Analytics Fire Investigations Incident Command First Due AI Health & Wellness Who we Serve EMS Fire Federal State EMS Industrial Fire & Safety Law Enforcement Resources Videos First Due Blog Command Post Podcast Product Brochures & Best Practices Guides Press Releases In the News About & Events Events First Due Unify Webinars Partners Careers Customers About Us Sitemap Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact us Our team will be in touch within 24 business hours. Contact Card Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. By submitting your information, you agree to First Due's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt out anytime. © First Due 2026 All Rights Reserved