FirstComm | VoIP & Unified Communications Solutions Log In Login to Our Customer Management Portal to: Make Bill Payments Submit & View Support Tickets View Product & Account Information Create Billing Reports Access Other Portals Access Support Related Resources Network Updates Products Unified Communications MS Teams Integrations FusionOne 5G SD-WAN SD-WAN Managed Security SIP Trunking/Voice Services Contact Center Call Center POTS Line Replacement Partner Solutions Company Career Center Legal Resources Blog Contact us Schedule Free Demo Search Communications Made Simple FirstComm simplifies telecom with one trusted provider, one predictable bill, and no chatbots. Our future-ready VoIP and unified communications solutions are designed to keep your teams connected, productive, and supported by experts every step of the way. Explore Solutions Smarter, Scalable Solutions—Built Around You From Unified Communications (UCaaS) to SD-WAN, SIP Trunking, and Managed Network Security, we provide the tools to connect teams, enhance customer experience, and scale more efficiently. Unified Communications SD-WAN Managed Security SIP Trunking/Voice Services Contact Center Call Center POTS Line Replacement See How Our Solutions Fit Your Business Why Businesses Trust FirstComm Trusted by 7,000+ businesses and backed by 25+ years of experience, we deliver communication solutions that just work—no hidden fees, no complexity. Discover the FirstComm Difference Proven Expertise With decades of serving customers across verticals, we bring insights and expertise to deliver seamless implementation, expert guidance, and reduced risk to help your business thrive. Transparent, White Glove Service No chatbots. No hidden fees. No surprises. Just clear pricing, dependable support, and a team of experts committed to delivering real value and measurable ROI for your business. Custom Solutions Designed by experts and tailored to your business, our solutions modernize communications, streamline collaboration, and adapt to the way your teams work best. Real Results. Real Businesses. We measure success by the results our customers achieve. Discover how businesses across healthcare, education, manufacturing, and more are thriving with FirstComm’s tailored telecom and unified communications solutions. Learn how Scratch Off Systems was able to optimize workforce collaboration by implementing new UCaaS solutions into their business communications. Read Customer Stories The new Microsoft Teams Integration, UC Teams, has officially launched – complimenting FirstComm’s robust and powerful UCaaS, network & security solutions. View Press Releases Hear from our customers and partners about their experiences with FirstComm products and services, customer support, and business development. Read Customer Reviews Turn Microsoft Teams into a Business-Class Phone System FirstComm’s Microsoft Teams Integration “UC Teams” enhances Microsoft Teams with advanced business voice features, giving your organization a complete unified communications solution in one platform. Add Calling to Teams Enhance MS Teams collaboration beyond chat and meetings with additional call flexibility. No Hardware Needed UC Teams runs on PC, Mac, or mobile devices, so calls can be taken from any device or location. Details the integration of Microsoft Teams with FirstComm’s solutions to enhance collaboration. Stay Connected Everywhere Works across PC, Mac, and mobile devices, keeping business continuity strong. Secure & Seamless US Teams runs on existing MS Teams accounts; no additional hardware or software required. Results You Can Count On We modernize your infrastructure and support you every step of the way. 25 + Years Experience 900 + FirstComm Partners 7000 + Customers Nationwide 99.999 % SLA level Our Partners in Innovation Let's Connect Looking for the right solution? Get clear, no-obligation answers fast. Whether you need a custom quote or want to see our products in action, our team is here to help you. Request a Quote Schedule a Demo Stay In The Loop FirstComm updates, news, events, and expert tips delivered right to your inbox. Site Map Products Partner Solutions Company Articles & News User Guides Contact Products Unified Communications Unified Communications for Microsoft Teams FusionOne 5G SD-WAN SD-WAN Managed Security SIP Trunking/Voice Services Contact Center Call Center Contact Us 3340 West Market Street Akron,  Ohio 44333 +1 800.860.1261 info@firstcomm.com Social Media © 2025 FirstComm All Rights Reserved