Home - First Things Skip to content DONATE Menu Magazine Archive Podcasts Newsletters Events SIGN IN SUBSCRIBE DONATE SUBSCRIBE Magazine Archive Podcasts Newsletters Events RELIGION Catholicism Protestantism Judaism Theology Culture of Death CULTURE Science & Technology Family Arts & Letters ​​LGBTQ Education PUBLIC LIFE Conservatism American Politics Abortion & IVF Law Immigration MORE About Reading Groups Editor’s Circle Donate Store CONTACT SUPPORT Advertising MANAGE MY SUBSCRIPTION © 2025 First Things. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy reCAPTCHA Magazine Archive Podcasts Newsletters Events SIGN IN SUBSCRIBE Religious Freedom Is the Soul of American Security Christopher J. Motz In the quiet sanctuary of West Point’s Old Cadet Chapel, a striking mural crowns the apse above the altar. Painted by Robert Weir and titled Peace and War, it… THE LATEST Our Year in Books—2025 Various Caravaggio and Us Jaspreet Singh Boparai The Fertility Crisis Will Not Be Solved by Economics Alone John M. Grondelski Dark Phantoms Mark Bauerlein The Smiling Archbishop of New York Raymond J. de Souza John Wilson’s Year of Reading John Wilson ALL ARTICLES R. R. Reno What Does “Postliberalism” Mean? Many regard “postliberalism” as a political program. In 1993, when the tide of globalized liberalism was at its… George Weigel Secularism, Security, and “Civilizational Erasure” Twenty years ago, I published a small book, The Cube and the Cathedral: Europe, America, and Politics Without… Erik Varden In Praise of Translation The circumstances of my life have been such that I have moved, since adolescence, in a ­borderland between… More Authors THE LATEST ISSUE January 2026 Print Edition THE LATEST ISSUE January 2026										Print Edition SUBSCRIBE SIGN IN / ACTIVATE Caravaggio and Us Dark Phantoms What Does “Postliberalism” Mean? Make Me A Lutheran Tucker and the Right Work Is for the Worker Just Stop It Hegemon or Empire? Tunnel Vision In Praise of Translation The Problem with the Evangelical Elite The Lessons of Woodrow Wilson Recovering a Christian World Letters SUBSCRIBE TO America’s Most Influential Journal of Religion and Public Life SUBSCRIBE DONATE GIVE FIRST THINGS Opinion More opinions Tucker and the Right Glenn C. Loury Something like a civil war is unfolding within the American conservative movement. It is not merely a dispute about policy agendas, foreign alliances, or the boundaries of political discourse. It is a deeper conflict—a struggle over the meaning of conservatism itself… Dark Phantoms Mark Bauerlein It happened quickly, so quickly that you’d think it was impossible to retain the image. The Ohio… Work Is for the Worker Ricky McRoskey In these early days of his pontificate, Pope Leo XIV has made one thing clear: The responsible… Just Stop It Liel Leibovitz Earlier this summer, Egypt’s Ministry of Religious Endowments launched a new campaign. It is entitled “Correct Your… Goddity Ephraim Radner The Nativity of our Lord—born an infant, laid in a manger. It’s an utterly strange story: The… More opinions PODCASTS More Podcasts The First Things Podcast Heritage and the Right The editors discuss the troubles at Heritage, the conservative think tank whose president recently touched off a controversy by releasing a video statement in support of Tucker Carlson. The… Conversations Restoring Breadth and Depth to Education (ft. Solveig Gold) In the ​latest installment of the ongoing interview series with contributing editor Mark Bauerlein, Solveig Gold joins in to discuss her recent article, co-authored with Joshua Katz, entitled “Make… The Editor’s Desk The Sabbath is Back! (ft. J. J. Kimche) In this episode, J. J. Kimche joins R. R. Reno on The Editor’s Desk to talk about his recent essay, “The Rest as History,” from the December 2025 issue… More Podcasts SIGN UP FOR THE FIRST THINGS NEWSLETTER The latest from our writers, editors, and contributors, delivered to your inbox. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First name (Required) Last name Email (Required) I would like to receive (Required) Weekly Newsletter Sunday Spotlight Daily Newsletter General First Things Updates We don’t spam. Our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy apply. The site is protected by reCAPTCHA. On the Square MORE ON THE SQUARE Wassailing at Christmas Francis Young Every year on January 17, revelers gather in an orchard near the Butcher’s Arms in the Somerset village of Carhampton, in the Brendon Hills. There, “wassailers” walk between the trees, splashing them with cider… Religious Freedom Is the Soul of American Security Christopher J. Motz In the quiet sanctuary of West Point’s Old Cadet Chapel, a striking mural crowns the apse above… Our Year in Books—2025 Various First Things editors and writers share the most memorable books they read this year. The Fertility Crisis Will Not Be Solved by Economics Alone John M. Grondelski The West’s demographic dearth is capturing the attention of growing numbers of public officials. Speaking on October… Secularism, Security, and “Civilizational Erasure” George Weigel Twenty years ago, I published a small book, The Cube and the Cathedral: Europe, America, and Politics… MORE ON THE SQUARE Essays MORE ESSAYS Caravaggio and Us Jaspreet Singh Boparai Nicolas Poussin, the greatest French artist of the seventeenth century, once said that Caravaggio had come into… In Praise of Translation Erik Varden The circumstances of my life have been such that I have moved, since adolescence, in a ­borderland… The Problem with the Evangelical Elite Aaron M. Renn The problem with the evangelical elite is that there isn’t one. All too few evangelical Christians hold… MORE ESSAYS Reviews MORE REVIEWS Make Me A Lutheran Richard Rex John Fisher, the renowned Bishop of Rochester, is known to history chiefly for having been put to… Hegemon or Empire? Nathan Pinkoski Was the First Gulf War a mistake? The histor­ian Paul Schroeder thought the answer was “yes.” In… Tunnel Vision Philip Jenkins Alice Roberts is a familiar face in British media. A skilled archaeologist, she has for years hosted… MORE REVIEWS Poetry More Poetry Canticle of All Creatures Dana Gioia This poem was written by St. Francis of Assisi, and translated by Dana Gioia. Most high, all… Address Book Paul Willis The leather binding, torn and askew,is barely joined by brittle pieces of Scotch tape.  And the names… The Ruin A. M. Juster Remorseless sun     stunts the dew Glistening towers     of tainted glassignite and blister  … More Poetry THE LATEST DAILY NEWSLETTER Delivered to your inbox as it comes off the presses, now with editor commentary. Select Selected THE TOP FIVE READERS’ CHOICE Every Tuesday, a sampling of the most popular First Things articles. Select Selected LEISURE READS SUNDAY SPOTLIGHT Three articles drawn from the First Things archives for afternoon reading. Select Selected GENERAL UPDATES FIRST THINGS NEWS Periodic updates on events, news, and local groups. Select Selected Newsletters Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This field is hidden when viewing the form I would like to receive (Required) Weekly Newsletter Sunday Spotlight Daily Newsletter First Things News First name (Required) Last name (Required) Email (Required) This field is hidden when viewing the form I would like to receive Weekly Newsletter Sunday Spotlight Daily Newsletter General First Things Updates We don’t spam. Our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy apply. The site is protected by reCAPTCHA . FROM THE ARCHIVE Browse archive Empathy is Not Charity Patricia Snow Martin Scorsese’s recent film Silence, like the historical novel by Shūsaku Endō on which it is based,… The Sacred Heart of Victor Hugo Algis Valiunas The Temptation of the Impossible: Victor Hugo and Les Misérables By Mario Vargas Llosa Princeton University Press,… The Whole World Groans Michael Hanby St. Jerome, angry over the protracted Arian crisis and the apparent victory of the “semi-Arians” at the… Christianity and Poetry Dana Gioia I When I became a man, I put away childish things.—St. Paul, 1 Corinthians 13 Most Christians… My Madness Algis Valiunas My brother Peter was a wondrous boy, the youngest, brightest, and bounciest of three kids: IQ 165,… Shakespeare, Four Centuries On Alexi Sargeant This Saturday, April 23rd, marks an important anniversary: four hundred years since the death of William Shakespeare.… RECOMMENDED FOR YOU The Politics of Unhappiness Ronald W. Dworkin Smelly Olde England Sally Thomas Homer’s Reach Randy Boyagoda The Battle for the Body Carl R. Trueman Teachers Against the Robots S. A. Dance SUBSCRIPTIONS PRINT + DIGITAL Digital Student Compare Subscriptions GIFT ABOUT HISTORY Masthead Advertising Newsletters FAQs CONTACT Editorial Office CUSTOMER SUPPORT Submissions Donations EVENTS Events Retreats Erasmus Lectures DC Lectures SHOP Store Products Books Back Issues DVDs / Videos FOLLOW US FACEBOOK TWITTER (X) YOUTUBE INSTAGRAM © 2025 First Things. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy reCAPTCHA Defend religious voices in the public square today. support FIRST THINGS Consider a gift to America’s most influential publication of religion and public life. Defend religious voices in the public square today. support FIRST THINGS Consider a gift to America’s most influential publication of religion and public life. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies or visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. COOKIE SETTINGS ACCEPT ALL Manage consent Close Cookie Settings This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description __cf_bm 1 hour This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. __stripe_mid 1 year Stripe sets this cookie to set a unique session identifier to recognize users across sessions. __stripe_sid 1 hour Stripe sets this cookie to set a unique session identifier for a single session. _cfuvid session Calendly sets this cookie to track users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services _shopify_country 1 hour Shopify sets this cookie to store the preferred country setting chosen by the visitor. _tracking_consent 1 year Shopify sets this cookie to store a user's preferences if a merchant has set up privacy rules in the visitor's region. ak_bmsc 2 hours This cookie is used by Akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots AWSALBCORS 7 days Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". CookieLawInfoConsent 1 year CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. cookiesession1 1 year This cookie is set by the Fortinet firewall. This cookie is used for protecting the website from abuse. crumb session Squarespace sets this cookie to prevent cross-site request forgery (CSRF). issuem_lp 28 days The cookie is set by Leaky Paywall plugin to track restricted content based on the subscription levels. keep_alive 1 hour The keep_alive cookie is used to maintain a user's session active on a website, preventing automatic logout during periods of inactivity. lp_us_his 30 days The cookie is set by Leaky Paywall plugin to track restricted content based on the subscription levels. m 1 year 1 month 4 days Stripe sets this cookie for fraud prevention purposes. It identifies the device used to access the website, allowing the website to be formatted accordingly. ts 1 year PayPal sets this cookie to mitigate risks and ensure transaction integrity. ts_c 1 year PayPal sets this cookie to ensure the security of transactions and verify user authentication. viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. XSRF-TOKEN session This cookie enhances visitor browsing security by preventing cross-site request forgery. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description pu-cookie-encrypted session Popup Maker plugin sets this cookie to enable the website to display a popup on the website. The cookies also serve the purpose of preventing the same popup being shown to the users repetitively. pum_alm_first_activity 1 day Popup Maker plugin sets this cookie to enable the website to display a popup on the website. The cookies also serve the purpose of preventing the same popup being shown to the users repetitively. pum_alm_last_activity 1 day Popup Maker plugin sets this cookie to enable the website to display a popup on the website. The cookies also serve the purpose of preventing the same popup being shown to the users repetitively. pum_alm_pages_viewed 3 months Popup Maker plugin sets this cookie to enable the website to display a popup on the website. The cookies also serve the purpose of preventing the same popup being shown to the users repetitively. sp_landing 1 day The sp_landing is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. sp_t 1 year The sp_t cookie is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. yt-remote-cast-available session The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. yt-remote-cast-installed session The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-connected-devices never YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. yt-remote-device-id never YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. yt-remote-fast-check-period session The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. yt-remote-session-app session The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. yt-remote-session-name session The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY never The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie Duration Description AWSALB 7 days AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. loglevel never Squarespace sets this cookie to maintain settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on the current session. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _ga 1 year 1 month 4 days Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. _ga_* 1 year 1 month 4 days Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. _landing_page 14 days Shopify installs this cookie to track landing pages. _orig_referrer 14 days Shopify sets this cookie to be used in connection with shopping cart. _scribd_session 3 years Scribd sets this cookie to implement audio-files on the website and determines how many and who have listened to these files. _shopify_s 1 hour This cookie is associated with Shopify's analytics suite. _shopify_y 1 year This cookie is associated with Shopify's analytics suite. vuid 1 year 1 month 4 days Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description NID 6 months Google sets the cookie for advertising purposes; to limit the number of times the user sees an ad, to unwanted mute ads, and to measure the effectiveness of ads. scribd_ubtc 1 year 1 month 4 days Scribd sets this cookie to gather data on user behaviour across several websites and maximise the relevancy of the advertisements on the website. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 6 months YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA 6 months YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. YSC session Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. yt.innertube::nextId never YouTube sets this cookie to register a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. yt.innertube::requests never YouTube sets this cookie to register a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie Duration Description __cflb 1 hour This cookie is used by Cloudflare for load balancing. __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN 6 months Description is currently not available. __tad 10 years No description available. atl_uuid 12 years 7 months 22 days 10 hours Description is currently not available. atltestbucketv1 session Description is currently not available. blaize_session session No description available. blaize_tracking_id session No description available. cp_sessionid 1 year 1 month 4 days Description is currently not available. guest 1 month No description available. is_gdpr session No description available. kppid session No description available. techno 5 minutes Description is currently not available. userReferer 1 month No description available. WMF-Uniq 1 year Description is currently not available. Save & Accept Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance