FirstLight Fiber – From network to cloud to communications, FirstLight can help you build a resilient, secure foundation for success–today and tomorrow. Skip to content Customer Support Customer Login Pay My Bill Home Services Fiber Network Dedicated Internet Ethernet Wavelength Dark Fiber Cloud & Data Center Cloud Computing Cloud Backup & DR Cloud Connectivity Data Center SASE/SD-WAN Managed Devices SASE/SD-WAN Unified Communications Cloud Communications Microsoft Teams Contact Center Voice/SIP Trunking Security DDoS Protection DNS Content Filtering Ransomware Readiness Solutions Solutions Small Business Enterprise Wholesale Industries K-12 Education Government Banking & Finance Higher Education Healthcare AI/Hyperscalers Explore the Network Go Now Partner Partner Program Partner Application Register A Lead Explore the Network Go Now Resources Knowledge Base Videos User Guides Press Release November 20, 2025 FirstLight and Green 4 Maine Partner to Power a New Era of Green Data Center Technology in Northern Maine Learn More About Us The FirstLight Advantage Our Story Executive Team Careers Explore the Network Go Now News & Events What's Happening at FirstLight Press Release November 20, 2025 FirstLight and Green 4 Maine Partner to Power a New Era of Green Data Center Technology in Northern Maine Learn More Home Services Fiber Network Dedicated Internet Ethernet Wavelength Dark Fiber Cloud & Data Center Cloud Computing Cloud Backup & DR Cloud Connectivity Data Center SASE/SD-WAN Managed Devices SASE/SD-WAN Unified Communications Cloud Communications Microsoft Teams Contact Center Voice/SIP Trunking Security DDoS Protection DNS Content Filtering Ransomware Readiness Solutions Solutions Small Business Enterprise Wholesale Industries K-12 Education Government Banking & Finance Higher Education Healthcare AI/Hyperscalers Explore the Network Go Now Partner Partner Program Partner Application Register A Lead Explore the Network Go Now Resources Knowledge Base Videos User Guides Press Release November 20, 2025 FirstLight and Green 4 Maine Partner to Power a New Era of Green Data Center Technology in Northern Maine Learn More About Us The FirstLight Advantage Our Story Executive Team Careers Explore the Network Go Now News & Events What's Happening at FirstLight Press Release November 20, 2025 FirstLight and Green 4 Maine Partner to Power a New Era of Green Data Center Technology in Northern Maine Learn More Home Services Fiber Network Dedicated Internet Access Ethernet Wavelength Dark Fiber Cloud & Data Center Cloud Computing Cloud Backup & DR Cloud Connectivity Data Center SASE/SD-WAN Managed Devices Unified Communications Cloud Communictions Microsoft Teams Contact Center Voice/SIP Trunking Security DDoS Protection DNS Content Filtering Ransomware Readiness Solutions Solutions Small Business Enterprise Wholesale Industries K-12 Education Government Financial Services Higher Education Healthcare AI/Hyperscalers Partner Program Register A Lead Explore the Network Resources Knowledge Base Videos User Guides About Us Careers News & Events When you're leading from the front, you need a provider that always has your back. From network to cloud to communications, FirstLight can help you build a resilient, secure foundation for success–today and tomorrow. Talk to an Expert See Our Services Net Promoter Score 51% Above Industry Average ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5 A Few of our Satisfied Clients The Infrastructure You Can Count On.  The Partner You've Been Missing. Working in IT shouldn’t be about putting out fires, it should be about building what’s next. That’s why FirstLight brings together network, data center, cloud infrastructure, communications and security into one reliable foundation. You get to lighten your load, eliminate vendor chaos, and help your team lead with confidence. Talk to an Expert Watch to learn how FirstLight frees IT to lead (1:07). Brilliant Businesses need Brilliant Bandwidth Connectivity, speed, security, and support aren’t just ‘nice-to-haves’, they’re business essentials. At FirstLight, we provide secure, scalable services for businesses that think big. From cloud to connectivity, security and data centers, we’re the trusted provider your IT team has been waiting for. Talk to an Expert Get to Know FirstLight Why choose us? Distant, slow support One-size-fits-all solutions Multiple vendors required Unproven claims Rigid, costly upgrades Limited expertise, low accountability Always-On, US-Based Local Support Purpose-Built for Your Needs One Provider, One Complete Solution Industry-Leading SLAs Growing With You, Not Against You Real Experience, Real Accountability years in business 0 + locations Near our Network 0 K+ Customers Trust FLF 0 K+ Support You Can Count On 0 /7 Services that support you One Complete Solution Our solutions span from fiber optic-based Internet and private networks to cloud computing and cybersecurity. We offer a true partnership, supporting your business growth with our knowledge, experience, and technology. Fiber Network An award-winning fiber network that offers your business better connectivity. Learn more SD-WAN/SASE The easier way to manage your network and improve security. Learn more Unified Communications Way more than just a phone system. Hassle-free communications you can count on. Learn more Cloud & Data Center Break free from the burden of infrastructure. Move your workloads into one of our trusted data centers or cloud sites. Learn more Security Hacking attempts are inevitable... falling victim to them is not. We're in your corner. Learn more Talk to an Expert Let’s Connect & Power Your Growth Whether you’re ready to start a conversation or want to learn more about our capabilities, we’re here to help you with the next steps. Talk to an Expert Explore Solutions If You've Got Big Ideas, You Need a Provider That Has Your Back Our network is just the beginning. Our solutions work together to provide a secure foundation that frees IT to build toward the future, not chase problems. Explore Our Portfolio Explore Our Network Go Now Hear From Those We’ve Helped FirstLight is trusted by over 15,000 customers across the Northeast; but don’t take our word for it, hear it straight from them. CEO, Geiger Gene Geiger “Our team had its hands full with this important project, and good to their promise, FirstLight was there for us. We weren’t just looking for an IT vendor – we were really looking for a partner that would grow with us, and one we could count on. What’s more, we favor local companies as much as possible, and we like that FirstLight offered local support, with a local team … That helped seal the deal.” President, Tri State Federal Credit Union Jim Martinez “With our business model, it was essential to have Internet and voice services that ensure both speed and security… FirstLight has already far exceeded these requirements and has proven itself superior to its competitors.” IT Manager, Convenient MD George Murray "FirstLight is … highly regarded for its data, cloud and voice services delivered over its own fiber optic network, and the customer service has been exceptional.” WSKG’s Facilities Director Chris DiRienzo “I can’t say enough good things about FirstLight. When FirstLight’s phone crew was installing our phones, I let them in the offices remotely because I trusted them explicitly. I don’t do that with just any company. The FirstLight team has kept communication flowing and met tight timelines.” One Connect Joe Criscitello “I told a recent customer looking for a customer call center solution, ‘You can go with another provider, but you won’t get the support that FirstLight provides.’ It’s exceptional.” Administrator for Medical Imaging, Shenectady Radiologists James Mooney “Having been with our former provider for more than five years, I was very skeptical about switching companies. But coming across FirstLight in my research, I was pleasantly surprised with everything they had to offer, including the way the team, including its very own CEO, addressed each one of my concerns in a very professional and personalized manner Vice President IT Services Manager, Tompkins Financial Bill Steinmetz “We believe that FirstLight embodies the true definition of partnership. They’re solutionsoriented, easy to work with, and have significant knowledge across multiple experts.” Chief Human Resources Officer and IT Manager, Schenectady Community Action Program Gabrielle Perry “The FirstLight team was really responsive and helpful with whatever we needed. Everyone was accommodating and helpful. Given how complicated this was, the transition went as smoothly as possible. With FirstLight, the Internet is fast and reliable, and the calls are clear.” Deputy Director, Children’s Museum & Theatre of Maine Lucia Stancioff “I cannot speak highly enough of our FirstLight Internet connectivity speeds and consistency. With more than 200,000 visitors per year, we need the Internet to serve our team in a fast-paced service environment, and FirstLight Internet has been very successful at doing that. It’s great to work with a local company that can come whenever we need something.” Director of Technology, Greater Johnstown School District Rachel Heroth “In the months since we began using FirstLight’s services, we have seen a marked improvement in performance. We believe that our network connections should never stand in the way of learning, and FirstLight’s services have allowed us to see that vision through, across all buildings within our district.” Chief Information Officer, New Hampshire Judicial Branch Matthew Seaton “We chose FirstLight for its established, locally-based data center, which is within easy reach of our technicians. The facility provides best-in-class security, power generation, power backup and server room cooling capability.” CIO, Maine Family Planning Mike Pratt “With FirstLight owning and managing all of the equipment, the convenience and reliability that come with FirstLight’s SD-WAN and Managed Services have given our team the ability to focus on being proactive with our IT initiatives, versus the reactive state we formerly found ourselves in.” Director of Network Operations, Covenant Health System Richard Chapman “(With FirstLight), we now realize big savings, less maintenance, more space to support our mission and we don’t have to manage multiple data centers. It gives us a chance to focus on implementation rather than worrying about where we have to put more servers, racks, and power. Now, we just focus on deployment. When we save money on operating and capital expenses, the hospital is able to spend more money on front-line services for patients. And improved patient care is our mission and vision.” President of Tri State Area FC Jim Martinez “With our business model, it was essential to have Internet and voice services that ensure both speed and security, and I find FirstLight has already far exceeded these requirements and has proven itself superior to its competitors.” Derry Medical Center “When the time came for a network upgrade, FirstLight was the obvious choice for ensuring excellent, high speed services, backed by always-attentive, personalized customer support.” Technology Manager, Pavone Group Dave Pender “FirstLight delivers high-quality fiber internet, voice, and data services… Their network is fast, secure, and scalable. What sets FirstLight apart is the responsiveness and professionalism of their local support team.” IT Director, Hershey Creamery Co. Steven Hoffer “Since moving to FirstLight, we've seen much more consistent performance… The service has been reliable, and when we've had questions or needed something, we've gotten fast and clear responses from their team.” Ready to See the Light? Our network is built for reliability, our solutions work the way they’re supposed to, and our clients are loyal to us. Let’s work together to level up your IT. First Name Last Name Email Phone Message Book a Discovery Call Headquartered in Albany, New York, FirstLight provides fiber-optic data, Internet, data center, cloud, unified communications, and managed services to enterprise and carrier customers throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic. Our 25,000-route-mile network connects more than 15,000 lit locations with access to an additional 168,000 locations. Our network is just the beginning… Services Fiber Network SD-WAN/SASE Unified Communications Cloud & Data Center Monitoring Security Fiber Network SD-WAN/SASE Unified Communications Cloud & Data Center Monitoring Security Solutions Small Business Enterprise Wholesale Industries Small Business Enterprise Wholesale Industries About The FirstLight Advantage News & Events Careers Partner Program The FirstLight Advantage News & Events Careers Partner Program Address 12 Metro Park Road, Albany, NY 12205 Toll Free: 1-800-461-4863 Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | SaaS Terms and Conditions | FirstLight E911 Acknowledgement | FCC Regulatory Statement | Acceptable Use Policy | MRFs | Designation of Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement | Maine Privacy Act | Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) | Prevent Long Distance Fraud/PBX Hacking | International Rates | Regulatory & Tariff Information | Fees / Surcharges / Taxes | Mass Relay | Letter of Authorization | Accessible Canada Act (ACA) This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our privacy policy. Copyright © 2025 by FirstLight Fiber, Inc Scroll to Top Partner Application Expand your business by marketing FirstLight’s comprehensive solutions to your client base. With FirstLight’s Partner Program, you have access to our full suite of solutions to support your clients’ IT strategies. Company Name* Address Company Website* First Name* Last Name* Tilte Phone* Email Address* Describe the type of relationship you are seeking with FirstLight*: Commissioned Partner Referral Partner Only Reseller Number of Years in Business* Number of Employees* Annual Revenue* Submit Application Lead Registration Application Thank you for considering FirstLight’s services as a part of your client’s solution. To register an opportunity with FirstLight, please complete the form below. All lead registrations will be kept strictly confidential, and our Channel Team will promptly review and respond to your submission. Are you currently part of FirstLight's partner program? If no, please submit an application to join our Partner program * Yes No Company Name* FIrst Name* Last Name* Email Address* Contact  Number* Prospect's First Name* Prospect's Last Name* Prospect's Email Address* Prospect's Contact Phone #* Prospect Company Name* Prospect's Company Website Service Address* What communications services are you interested in proposing? (Please check all that apply)* Internet Private Line/WAN Services Data Center/Colocation Voice Services Managed/Cloud Services Other Opportunity Description* Submit Application