FIRST | For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology Skip to content Find Local Support Create FIRST Account My Dashboard Help Center Programs FIRST LEGO League Grades K-8 | Ages 5-16 FIRST LEGO League Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog FIRST Tech Challenge Grades 7-12 | Ages 12-18 FIRST Tech Challenge Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog FIRST Robotics Competition Grades 9-12 | Ages 14-18 FIRST Robotics Competition Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog Across All Programs How to Choose a Program Cost & Registration Events Team Grant Opportunities Youth Protection Program Youth Registration Classroom to Career & Scholarships FIRST Championship Community Donors & Sponsors Donors & Sponsors Workplace Giving Become a Sponsor More Ways to Give Resources & Documentation Volunteers Volunteers Volunteer Roles Resources & Documentation Parents Parents Youth Registration Youth Protection Program Resources & Documentation Educators & Org Leaders Educators & Org Leaders Professional Development Resources & Documentation Teams Teams Coaches & Mentors Resources & Documentation Alumni Alumni Alumni Groups Resources & Documentation About About FIRST Impact STEM for Everyone Leadership Our Supporters History Press Room & Photos Careers Resources Resource Library Community Blog Donate Find Teams & Events ✖ Donate Find Teams & Events Find Local Support Create FIRST Account My Dashboard Help Center Programs FIRST LEGO League Overview Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog FIRST Tech Challenge Overview Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog FIRST Robotics Competition Overview Getting Started Game & Season Resources & Documentation Blog Across All Programs How to Choose a Program Cost & Registration Events Team Grant Opportunities Youth Protection Program Youth Registration Classroom to Career & Scholarship Opportunities FIRST Championship Community Donors & Sponsors Overview Workplace Giving Become a Sponsor More Ways to Give Resources & Documentation Volunteers Overview Volunteer Roles Resources & Documentation Parents Overview Youth Registration Youth Protection Program Resources & Documentation Educators & Org Leaders Overview Professional Development Resources & Documentation Teams Teams Mentors & Coaches Resources & Documentation Alumni Overview Alumni Groups Resources & Documentation About About FIRST Impact STEM for Everyone Leadership Our Supporters History Press Room & Photos Careers Resources Resource Library Community Blog ✖ A Global Stem Community Build More Than Robots FIRST is the world’s leading youth robotics community, delivering hands-on STEM learning that inspires innovation, builds confidence, and prepares kids for life. Across the globe, students thrive in our programs — powered by mentorship, teamwork, creativity, and engineering challenges. More About FIRST Find a Team or Event Near You As Seen In: FIRST Programs Explore Robotics Programs for Every Age FIRST ® robotics programs deliver hands-on STEM education to schools, afterschool programs, and community learning spaces. Each program offers fun, age-appropriate challenges tied to a yearly theme to help build STEM interest and adaptable skills, preparing students for STEM careers and leadership in a tech-driven world. Children can join any of our three programs based on age or grade level. Ages may vary by region. Find a Program FIRST ® LEGO ® League Grades K-8 Spark Early STEM Curiosity FIRST ® LEGO ® League guides elementary and middle school students through STEM learning and exploration at an early age. Through age-appropriate divisions, students will understand STEM basics and apply their skills in an exciting competition while building learning, confidence, and teamwork skills along the way. Explore the Program FIRST ® Tech Challenge Grades 7-12 Turn Ideas Into Innovation FIRST ® Tech Challenge engages middle and high school students in robot design, coding, and competition. It is a powerful platform for developing real-world STEM skills, building confidence, and connecting students to mentorships and career exploration opportunities. Explore the Program FIRST ® Robotics Competition Grades 9-12 Engineer the Future of STEM FIRST ® Robotics Competition empowers high school students to engineer industrial-sized robots for large-scale competition. Students work side-by-side with mentors, gaining technical, teamwork, and leadership experience that supports future workforce readiness and careers in STEM fields. Explore the Program Grades K-8 Spark Early STEM Curiosity FIRST ® LEGO ® League guides elementary and middle school students through STEM learning and exploration at an early age. Through age-appropriate divisions, students will understand STEM basics and apply their skills in an exciting competition while building learning, confidence, and teamwork skills along the way. Explore the Program Grades 7-12 Turn Ideas Into Innovation FIRST ® Tech Challenge engages middle and high school students in robot design, coding, and competition. It is a powerful platform for developing real-world STEM skills, building confidence, and connecting students to mentorships and career exploration opportunities. Explore the Program Grades 9-12 Engineer the Future of STEM FIRST ® Robotics Competition empowers high school students to engineer industrial-sized robots for large-scale competition. Students work side-by-side with mentors, gaining technical, teamwork, and leadership experience that supports future workforce readiness and careers in STEM fields. Explore the Program The Lasting Impact of Hands-On STEM Founded as a nonprofit organization in 1989 by inventor Dean Kamen, FIRST offers a suite of life-changing youth robotics programs that build skills, confidence, and resilience. Our hands-on robotics challenges — from elementary school through high school — equip students with critical thinking, collaboration, and real-world engineering skills that shape their futures. 3.2 million youth participants since 1989 110 countries have a FIRST presence 83 % of FIRST alumni pursue STEM majors by year four of college 96 % of FIRST students overcome challenges through program participation Why Choose FIRST Why FIRST ® Works FIRST robotics programs are more than STEM afterschool programs — and they are way More Than Robots ® . FIRST ignites confidence, curiosity, and long-term success. See how hands-on learning today builds tomorrow’s leaders. See the FIRST Impact Core Skill Development Through real-world robotics challenges, students apply science, technology, engineering, and math. They build problem-solving skills and resilience as part of a collaborative team. Learn About FIRST Career Exploration FIRST introduces students to mentors and STEM professionals — helping them explore and see themselves in careers in engineering, coding, and innovation while building critical life skills. Learn More Global Community Every FIRST robotics team is part of a global network of young innovators. With a culture of Coopertition ® , students support each other as they fiercely compete and grow as individuals. Join a Team Research-Backed Results Studies show FIRST alumni are more likely to pursue STEM majors while they build important workplace skills, such as communications and problem solving. Our impact is measurable and lasting. See the Impact STEM for Everyone FIRST believes STEM is for everyone: it builds confidence and opens doors. We designed our robotics program to be welcoming, inspiring, and empowering across all ages and learning needs. Learn More Mentorship Matters Dedicated mentors and coaches help students learn, lead, and thrive. Their support brings FIRST robotics programs to life and has a lifelong impact on every participant. Become a Mentor 2025-2026 Robotics Season Uncover The Future with FIRST Bring STEM inspiration, holistic skill building, and fun to your classroom or after school learning environment with collaborative problem solving during our archaeology-themed 2025-2026 robotics season. Learn More & Get Involved FIRST Newsletter Get Inspired with News & Updates from FIRST As a FIRST newsletter subscriber, you will receive the latest news, interviews, spotlight stories on community members, and resources via email. You will also receive announcements about media coverage, special offers, events, and more. Check out a recent newsletter Testimonials Voices of the FIRST Community When I saw how my friends were getting involved with FIRST , I got really interested. Everyone's willing to be kind to each other, willing to help you out. I said, "I want to be one of them." Elena FIRST Alum Above all, I think FIRST allows you to be yourself. It encourages positive growth and helps you get to that next step you want to achieve in life. Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought I'd be working at Nike World Headquarters. Logan FIRST Alum [Being on a FIRST team has] taught me critical thinking, how to take criticism, and how to be open to new ideas Lia FIRST Participant, Team Belize Volunteering at FIRST is exciting and exhilarating and a way to give back to my community in a way that makes me feel full. Kari FIRST Mentor & Volunteer for 13 Years When you volunteer, you walk into an event and its another family that's there. Even if it's your first event, you'll quickly become part of that family. These are the people that are my friends now. Matthew FIRST Volunteer for 14 Years Meet the Community A Global Network, United by STEM Every student, parent, volunteer, educator, and supporter is part of something bigger at FIRST . Explore how our global community fuels innovation, collaboration, and impact. Volunteers Volunteers FIRST volunteers make STEM come to life — from setting up events to cheering on teams. No experience is required, just a passion for helping students succeed. Support events in your local area Inspire students through hands-on support Volunteer roles for every interest and schedule Join as a Volunteer Mentors & Coaches Mentors & Coaches Mentors and coaches help students build technical skills and resiliency — shaping their confidence, leadership, and love for learning. Help students design, code, and collaborate Lead with empathy and expertise No STEM background required to make an impact Become a Mentor Parents Parents Parents empower FIRST teams by offering encouragement, pitching in at events, or even starting teams. Their involvement makes all the difference. Sign up your student for a team Stay connected to their STEM journey Volunteer or start a team in your community How to Register Your Youth Donors & Sponsors Donors & Sponsors From individual donors to global sponsors, our supporters fund access to high-quality STEM programs that change lives and futures. Fund robotics teams or events Provide in-kind donations or mentorship Align your brand with innovation and inclusion Support the Mission Educators Educators Educators bring FIRST into schools and classrooms — blending STEM education with teamwork, creativity, and real-world application. Classroom-ready implementation options Support for afterschool STEM programs Professional development and peer collaboration Bring FIRST to Your School Alumni Alumni FIRST alumni carry their STEM skills into college, careers, and communities, often returning as mentors, donors, and advocates. Join the global alumni network Share your story and inspire others Discover new ways to stay involved Stay Connected Volunteers FIRST volunteers make STEM come to life — from setting up events to cheering on teams. No experience is required, just a passion for helping students succeed. Support events in your local area Inspire students through hands-on support Volunteer roles for every interest and schedule Join as a Volunteer Mentors & Coaches Mentors and coaches help students build technical skills and resiliency — shaping their confidence, leadership, and love for learning. Help students design, code, and collaborate Lead with empathy and expertise No STEM background required to make an impact Become a Mentor Parents Parents empower FIRST teams by offering encouragement, pitching in at events, or even starting teams. Their involvement makes all the difference. Sign up your student for a team Stay connected to their STEM journey Volunteer or start a team in your community How to Register Your Youth Donors & Sponsors From individual donors to global sponsors, our supporters fund access to high-quality STEM programs that change lives and futures. Fund robotics teams or events Provide in-kind donations or mentorship Align your brand with innovation and inclusion Support the Mission Educators Educators bring FIRST into schools and classrooms — blending STEM education with teamwork, creativity, and real-world application. Classroom-ready implementation options Support for afterschool STEM programs Professional development and peer collaboration Bring FIRST to Your School Alumni FIRST alumni carry their STEM skills into college, careers, and communities, often returning as mentors, donors, and advocates. Join the global alumni network Share your story and inspire others Discover new ways to stay involved Stay Connected FIRST Events Where STEM Learning Comes Alive From local showcases to world-stage championships, FIRST events turn STEM activities into high-energy robotics competitions. Students celebrate their hard work, have fun, form connections, and boost problem-solving, creativity, and collaboration skills in real time. Explore Events Youth Protection Program Creating Safe Spaces for STEM Learning FIRST is dedicated to creating safe, welcoming, and inspiring spaces where all students can thrive. Our Youth Protection Program equips mentors, coaches, event volunteers, and other supporters to deliver robotics programs with care, accountability, and respect for every student. Learn More FIRST Stories Voices From the Robotics Community Read More Stories Alumni #PeopleofSTEAM: Meet Melanie December 18, 2025 Read More Alumni #PeopleofSTEAM Then & Now: FIRST Alum Alicia Continues to Make an Impact November 26, 2025 Read More Alumni FIRST Alumni are Part of the FIRST Community for Life November 19, 2025 Read More Supported by FIRST Strategic Partners Leading companies across global industries trust FIRST . Our sponsors recognize the critical role of FIRST robotics programs in building interest in STEM and fortifying their talent pipelines with FIRST alumni equipped with adaptable skills. Strategic Partners significantly invest in FIRST to help expand our reach and overall impact. Find the Right Robotics Program FIRST offers hands-on STEM afterschool programs for students of all ages and experience levels. If you’re looking to find a team or launch a new one, we can help you find the best fit for your school, community, or family. Explore Programs Programs FIRST LEGO League FIRST Tech Challenge FIRST Robotics Competition Across All Programs How to Choose a Program Cost & Registration Events Team Grant Opportunities Youth Protection Program Youth Registration Classroom to Career + Scholarships FIRST Championship Community Donors & Sponsors Volunteers Parents Educators & Org Leaders Teams Mentors & Coaches Alumni FIRST Store FIRST Global About About FIRST Impact STEM for Everyone Leadership Our Supporters Press Room & Photos Careers Annual Report & Financials Brand Resources Resource Library Blog Find Local Support Help Center Quick Links Find Teams & Events Donate Create Dashboard Account FIRST Dashboard Login FIRST ® is a robotics community that prepares young people for the future through a suite of welcoming, team-based youth robotics programs. Headquarters: 200 Bedford Street, Manchester, NH 03101 Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Website Notices Payment Terms & Refund Policy Report a Concern Help Center Sitemap © 2025 For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology ( FIRST ). A 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (EIN# 22-2990908)