Financial Services Technology, Mobile Banking, Payments | Fiserv Who We Serve Who We Serve Business and Merchant Business and Merchant Enterprise Omnichannel commerce, billing and payments solutions for large merchants and corporates Small Business All-in-one systems for merchants to accept payments and manage their business FISERV SMALL BUSINESS INDEX The Power of Local Small Business Data Get the intel Financial Institution Financial Institution Bank Platforms and integrated digital banking solutions to drive customer relationships and growth Credit Union Platforms and integrated digital solutions to better serve members Large Financial Institution Digital banking, payments and solutions at scale for large institutions INSIGHTS Core Banking Modernization: How Financial Institutions Can Get the Most out of Tech Upgrades Learn more Fintech Fintech Fintech Financial and payments solutions and connectivity that enable technology providers to quickly reach consumers and new markets INSIGHTS How embedded finance helps banks, merchants and fintechs expand reach See for yourself Public Sector Public Sector Public Sector Payments and financial solutions for government, education and utilities INSIGHTS Meet consumer demand with better bill pay Learn more Software Providers Software Providers Software Providers and ISVs Omnichannel payment solutions that enable software providers and independent software vendors (ISVs) to integrate and monetize payments INTEGRATED PAYMENTS Why ISVs Choose Fiserv as Their Strategic Growth Partner Learn more Insights Insights About About Who We Are Corporate information, values and history Executive Leadership Executive team members and biographies Investor Relations Financial information and shareholder services Corporate Social Responsibility Our commitment to governance, social responsibility, the environment and giving back Equal Opportunity Our commitment to a positive workplace for all associates Newsroom Press releases and media resources Developers Developers Careers Careers Site Search Country Selector X Site Search Fiserv Recognized as a Leader in IDC MarketScape for Retail Digital Banking Solutions  | Learn more Fiserv moves more than money Fiserv Small Business Index ® results now available View index Financial Institutions Helping grow financial institutions and the communities they serve. Learn more Enterprises 70% of the world’s leading brands rely on Fiserv to achieve better customer engagement. Learn more Fintechs Start and scale quickly with a partner that reaches 100% of U.S. households. Learn more Small Businesses Become the only financial partner SMBs need today and in the future. Learn more About Fiserv Moving commerce, culture and community forward. Learn more Life at Fiserv Get to know us. Learn more Need help finding the best solution for your business? Get in touch Who We Serve Insights Resource Center About Newsroom Suppliers Developers Country Selector Contact Us Careers © 2026 Fiserv, Inc. or its affiliates. Privacy Notice U.K. Tax Strategy Modern Slavery Statement Trademark Usage Guidelines Terms of Use Do Not Sell My Personal Data | Accessibility Statement