Products Insights Developers About FIS
Careers Client Portal
Contact us
Scroll
Unlockingfinancialtechnology.
Bringingtheworld'smoneyintoharmony.
Explore more
Our technology powers the global economy across the full money lifecycle
+
Storing
Securing
Money at Rest

Securely grow and manage your deposit base

As leaders in core banking systems and digital banking solutions, we help you deliver a seamless experience across every customer touchpoint. Gain an advantage from our analytics to uncover growth opportunities without compromising the security, compliance, and resilience that FIS is known for.

View our products

3 steps to IT modernization in banking

Read article 
Digital One

A single software platform to transform your digital banking experience

Modern user interface
Managed security, risk and compliance
Product details 
+
Transferring
Moving
Money in Motion

Ensure a seamless flow of funds

Synchronize all your transactional activities, payment, treasury, and financial networks with efficient digital experiences, reducing costs and eliminating inefficiencies. With predictability and visibility into your transactions, have confidence in increasing volumes without sacrificing speed, accuracy, or security.

View our products

How to build a secure and efficient instant payments infrastructure

Read article 
Automated Finance

A comprehensive suite of solutions designed to modernize the office of the CFO

Enhanced visibility and control
Modernized interfaces and workflows
Product details 
+
Investing
Balancing
Money at Work

Expand your strategies and operations

An optimized financial ecosystem that aligns investment approaches, asset management, and regulatory compliance to create a more interconnected, efficient, and scalable framework. Make informed decisions with insights into investment performance, risk exposure, and capital allocation, without compromising performance and compliance.

View our products

What climate change risk will impact your company the most?

Read article 
Private Capital Suite

An end-to-end platform that automates reporting and accounting for the private equity industry

Up-to-date, reliable analytics
Flexible fund accounting configuration
Product details 
Empowering our partners in navigating the money lifecycle
​
Learn and engage with our community of fintech experts
Insights

The fresh perspectives and actionable insights that only FIS - with our combination of research, experts and experience - can provide.

Fintech Insights
Education

"Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire (Yeats)." FIS various education experiences will entertain and inspire you as you learn.

FIS Learning Solutions
Events

Our events are can't-miss destinations for innovation. Available virtually and around the world, join us to see how FIS can help you turn your bold ambitions into reality.

FIS Events
​
FIS technology unlocks how money is stored, moved, and put to work. To create seamless experiences for clients, businesses, and the global economy.
Recognized by the industry

Don't just take our word for it. Independent analysts and publications perennially recognize FIS and our solutions as best in class.

Our awards
Creating sustainable societies

Our employees are encouraged to give back by volunteering independently both through paid time off and on their own - averaging 24,000 volunteer hours in a year.

Global community involvement
Leaders
who lead

FIS was founded by innovators for innovators and for innovation. The world runs on fintech and as the leader, FIS works to advance the way the world does business.

Meet our leaders
A change for the better
35%

reduction in energy use in
2022 from the 2019 baseline­

38%

reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions
in 2022 from the 2019 baseline­

38%

reduction in water withdrawn
in 2022 from the 2019 baseline

Read our promise
Fintech
the world
relies on
About FIS
The latest at FIS
 
Campaign
Harmony

The wrong financial technology can expose your business to fraud, disrupt payment workflows and make cash flow harder to manage. Let FIS bring your world into harmony with technology that delivers clarity, speed and scale.

Learn more
 
Awards
2024 PayTech Awards

FIS wins big at the 2024 PayTech Awards with FIS Integrated Payables earning the Best Business Payments Solution award and Seamus Smith, FIS Group President of Automated Finance, receiving the prestigious PayTech Leadership – At the Helm award.

Learn more
 
FIS original research
The Global Innovation Report

Innovation isn’t a luxury. It’s what drives you forward when times are good – and keeps you from falling behind when things get tough. Innovation is essential. Get the data behind the trends and discover how innovation is transforming your sector.

Learn more
See all
Let's get the
conversation going

Learn more about how FIS can help you run, grow, protect and connect your business with unparalleled confidence.

Find best-of-breed financial products for your institution or business.

View all products

Stay ahead with expert insights into emerging payment trends.

See all insights
Get in touch
Let's get started
Advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests
347 Riverside Ave., Jacksonville, FL, United States
© 2025 FIS
 
 
Privacy Center
Legal
Cookies
Terms of Use
Login
Contact Us
Preference Center
Vulnerability Disclosure
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
When you visit any website, it may collect and store information on your browser, primarily in the form of cookies. This information may include details about your device, preferences, or interactions with the site. While this data typically does not directly identify you, it may be used to enhance functionality and provide a more personalized browsing experience. You have the right to manage your cookie preferences. By selecting different categories, you can learn more and modify default settings. Please note that restricting certain cookies may affect site functionality and limit availability of services.Cookie Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Preferences
Select my choices Accept all