Fishbowl | Restaurant Marketing Solutions & GRM Platform + Loyalty has landed! Boost guest engagement with a loyalty solution designed for restaurants. Easily reward and retain your best customers with Fishbowl Loyalty – fully integrated with the GRM for smarter marketing. Discover Fishbowl Loyalty Fishbowl GRM Platform Fishbowl GRM Fishbowl GRM is the ultimate restaurant marketing platform, connecting guest data for acquisition strategies and compelling campaigns that drive lifetime value. Platform Features Fishbowl Kiosk Automate ordering & boost profits with 30-second checkouts. Connections Marketplace Integrations with the restaurant industry’s leading providers. Segmentation A/I powered segmentation tools to build and scale audiences. Email Marketing Create data-driven, personalized email campaigns fast. SMS Marketing Targeting through personalized, automated campaigns. Offers Boost customer loyalty and engagement with targeted offers. Guest Wifi Recognize customers, deliver targeted ads, and boost loyalty. Loyalty Enhance engagement, and drive repeat business. Consulting Services Resources Articles Ultimate Guides Definitive, step-by-step guidance to run your restaurant like a revolutionary. News & Updates News, articles and product updates tailored for restaurants. Off-Menu Blog Insights, industry trends, and tips to elevate your restaurant. Contact Contact Sales Ask us questions about Marketing and Guest Relationship Management. Contact Support Technical support for our platform and integrations. About Fishbowl Meet the team driving GRM success at Fishbowl. Blog Login Fishbowl GRM Engage Local Email/LSM Book Demo The Modern Restaurant Marketing Platform Fishbowl's Guest Relationship Management platform is a comprehensive solution designed specifically for restaurants  to manage and optimize their guest relationships. Unify Guest Data. Automate Marketing. Build Loyalty. Get A Demo Made with love for restaurants like these Say goodbye to silos Fishbowl GRM is the ultimate marketing tool for restaurant groups. Our GRM platform enables restaurants to make data-driven decisions about pricing, strategy and engagement. It combines the power of a CDP and the flexibility of a CRM so restaurants can optimize guest data, loyalty and engagement. Harmonize guest data from various sources like POS, web, mobile app, loyalty programs and reservations. Data is everywhere but never in one place – leaving marketers blind to who their guests really are. Connect Your Data Create comprehensive 360-degree guest profiles with transactional, behavioral, engagement and demographic data. Without a clear picture of their guests, marketers can’t deliver personalized or effective experiences. Audience Segmentation Design better guest acquisition and engagement strategies. Throwing marketing dollars at the wall doesn’t work – marketers need proven strategies to drive results. Campaign Builder Develop targeted marketing campaigns to improve customer lifetime value. Generic promotions don’t build loyalty – marketers need to speak directly to their guests’ preferences. Personalize to Maximize Automate campaigns and offers based on guest behavior. Manually managing campaigns is slow and inefficient – marketers need automation to keep up with guest expectations. Automated Marketing Solutions Driving Engagement Fishbowl's GRM (guest relationship management for restaurants) captivates audiences and fosters remarkable engagement, cultivating a foundation of trust and loyalty among our customers. 50 k Customers rely on customer relationship management for restaurants 9 B Emails , SMS and Offer campaigns using multi-channel messaging for restaurants last year 220 m Personalized offers and coupons issued last year Integrations built for you Explore Our Connections Featured content Blog  •  Restaurant Marketing Want Better Email Engagement? Stop Sending to Non-Responders Blog  •  Restaurant Marketing Data-Driven Loyalty Webinar: Olga Lopategui Previews the Fishbowl GRM Press Release Press Release: Introducing Fishbowl Kiosk The all-in-one solution that combines the industry’s best Restaurant CRM and CDP, offering in one easy-to-use and even easier-to-integrate Guest Relationship Management platform. Get Started © 2025 Fishbowl, Inc. All rights reserved. browse Platform Fishbowl GRM Fishbowl Kiosk Connections Marketplace Segmentation Email Marketing SMS Marketing Offers Online Ordering Guest WiFi Loyalty Platform Pricing Consulting Services Resources Restaurant Ultimate Guides Off-Menu Blog News & Updates About Login Fishbowl GRM Engage Local Email/LSM Alexandria OFFICE 2000 Duke Street Suite 300 Alexandria, VA 22314-6101 Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy CHiCAGO OFFICE 159 N. Sangamon Suite 326 Chicago, IL 60607 Help Support Fishbowl GRM Knowledgebase Engage Knowledgebase contact Contact Sales Contact Support sales@fishbowl.com (703) 836-3421 Compliance Trust Fishbowl