www.fit.edu | Florida Tech Close April Fools Prank Skip to main content LINKS FOR Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni & Friends | Apply Visit Get Info | Give Academics Academics Florida Tech’s approach to academics is research-driven, high-tech and hands-on, allowing our students to both gain knowledge and get real experience applying it. Here, you don’t just learn—you do. Degrees & Programs Colleges, Schools & Depts. Services & Resources Learning Experiences Florida Tech Online ABA Online Florida Tech at Orlando Florida Tech at Patrick SFB Florida Tech at Spaceport Corporate Level Up Program Continuing Education Burrell College of Osteopathic Medicine Research Research It is through research that faculty members advance their fields, students enhance their learning, and the university creates change for the benefit of our planet and all of its inhabitants. Student Design & Research Centers, Institutes & Labs News & Stories Vertex Applied Innovation Hub Library Faculty Profiles Sponsored Programs Expert Directory Admission & Aid Admission & Aid Ready for the future? Whether you hope to join the Florida Tech family as a freshman, transfer student or graduate student, your journey to Panther-hood starts here. Why Florida Tech First Year Admission Transfer Admission Graduate Admission International Admission Visiting Florida Tech Scholarships & Aid Admitted Students Dual Enrollment Non-Degree Seeking Connect With Us Office of Financial Aid Life at Florida Tech Life at Florida Tech What's it like to live and learn at Florida Tech? The answer differs for every student, but you can count on one thing: The people here are friendly, open-minded and passionate about their work. Clubs & Organizations Residence-Life & Housing Campus Dining Health & Wellness Fitness & Recreation Civic Engagement Greek Life Arts & Culture Athletics & Esports About Florida Tech Select spacebar or enter to search Florida Tech website Search Search: When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. Apply Get Info Visit Give to Florida Tech MENU Florida Tech Boundless Opportunity Apply Request Info See campus for yourself: Visit Us! Reach Beyond the Possible. At Florida Tech, we say “yes” to big ideas. We pursue outrageous dreams and embark on the endeavors most pivotal to the future. Founded to educate the pioneers of the U.S. space program, Florida Tech is deeply, historically rooted in this culture of relentless determination. Today, we carry on this legacy through the rigorous hands-on degree programs we offer in engineering, science, computing, aeronautics, business, psychology and more. Degrees Designed for Careers of the Future. When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. Browse All Programs Browse Online Programs Top 10 Student Experience The Wall Street Journal No. 20 in U.S. Graduate Employability Global Employability University Ranking Top 6% Best Return on Investment Payscale Research-Driven. High-Tech. STEM is in our DNA. STEM—science, technology, engineering and math—is the driving force behind who we are, what we do and why we exist. Whether you major in aerospace engineering or biomedical science, business or communications, you’re going to gain valuable, practical experience that puts you ahead of the competition in the job market. Awesome Internships? It’s possible here. Hands-on from Day One. Our rigorous, immersive, career-building programs have you working on your major from day one—no filler classes; no lengthy prerequisites. Want to be a pilot? You’ll be in the cockpit within the first week of classes. A marine biologist? One of the most biodiverse marine ecosystems on the planet is practically in our backyard. Dive right in. You’ve got goals—we’re here to help you reach them. See What We’re Working On An Amazing Location that's also a Classroom. We’re in Melbourne in the heart of Florida’s Space Coast. For you, that translates into amazing job and internship opportunities at places like NASA-Kennedy Space Center, SpaceX, Embraer, Melbourne-Orlando International Airport, National Weather Service, Brevard Zoo, WFIT radio station and many more. With our location right by the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian River Lagoon, in addition to swimming, fishing, surfing, paddle-boarding and countless other recreational water activities, you’ll be swimming in research opportunities, as well. Start exploring. Panther Life What’s it Like at Florida Tech? You're much more than a number here and you'll feel it. Panther Pride goes way beyond school spirit—we’re family. At Florida Tech, you’ll get to know your peers—in and out of your major—as well as your professors. And with an on-campus, undergraduate student body that is about one-third international, you will build a future professional network that spans the globe. Florida Tech is equal parts innovation and sunshine—Did we mention our 360-plus days of sunshine and 72-degree average daily temperature? Trust us, you’re going to love it here. Why Florida Tech? Events Campus Calendar News Women’s Soccer Brings Home Program’s First National Title Ape Ancestors and Neanderthals Likely Kissed, New Analysis Finds Newsweek: Florida Tech Top Online College in Florida, 10th in Nation in New 2026 Rankings More News Take the Next Step. We don't just talk about the amazing things you can do at Florida Tech. We make sure you get to do them. Connect with us and start reaching beyond the stars. Request Info 150 W. University Blvd. Melbourne, FL 32901 (321) 674-8000 Show Your Support Contact Us Florida Tech Facebook Florida Tech Twitter Florida Tech Instagram Florida Tech TikTok Florida Tech YouTube Florida Tech LinkedIn Resources Academic Calendar Catalog Employment Security Information Consumer Information Disclosures Privacy Policy Non-Discrimination & Accessibility Title IX View Florida Tech’s EASE Grant Performance Measures Campus Map | Sitemap © Florida Institute of Technology. Edit Page