Fit Finder

Let’s Talk

PRODUCT

Design

Design

Design

Design

Design

Design

COMMUNITY

Join

Events

Experts

World-Class E-Commerce Sizing Solution for Apparel Retailers
Our innovative size and fit e-commerce solutions for clothing and footwear are built for high accuracy, scalability, and flexibility. Our AI size assistant - Fit Finder - enables shoppers to enjoy highly personalized experiences, while retailers benefit from deep data insights and proven bottom line impact.

Watch video

250+ GLOBAL PARTNERS

The Most Accurate Size and 
Fit Recommendations

Finding the right fit is the biggest roadblock shoppers face online. It’s also the main reason cited by retailers for lost revenue and increased returns. Fit Finder solves sizing by using machine learning to generate size and fit recommendations based on shopper preferences, sales and returns records, and a database of body scans.

More About Fit Finder

"Fit Finder helps us create a dialogue with our customers. Although this tool is first thought to find the perfect size for our customers, it is also a pretty powerful acquisition lever."

David Voge

Content Marketing + French Lead, Ridestore

4-6%

Fit Finder average
conversion rate increase

2-4%

Fit Finder average
return rate decrease

30%

Fit Finder share of 
purchases, top 15 shops

Matthew Pantoja

VP Global Marketing and E-Commerce, Alpha Industries

“When we went to Fit Analytics with our challenge, they came back with a solution and were able to impact our e-commerce business in less than three months. They exceeded our expectations and moved the needle for us in a significant way.”

Read Case Study

+5.7%

Increase in conversion rate

+6.3%

Increase in total orders

Who We Are
We believe information is at the heart of creating powerful e-commerce experiences. Retailers use our solutions to facilitate meaningful, highly personalized experiences for their shoppers. Our tools boost e-commerce site performance by increasing conversions, reducing returns, and increasing average order value while offering retail teams deep user insights. We work with our partners to transform business goals into bottom-line results by helping them understand their shoppers, and provide first-class personalization.

More About Fit Analytics

Integrations
Adding Fit Finder sizing solution to your apparel e-commerce site is easy with our guided integration process. Whether your brand opts for our award-winning widget or our customizable API integration, you’ll get support in the key areas needed to ensure Fit Finder performs at its best.

Learn About Integration

James Lloyd

E-Commerce Manager

“We have always had an extremely low returns rate, so to see such an improvement in conversion was very impressive. The set up was quick and simple and the aftercare is great. We look forward to new developments from Fit Analytics and an ongoing successful partnership."

Read Case Study

8%

Increase in conversion rate

+2%

Increase in revenue per visitor

Recent Blog Articles

BLOG

Fit Analytics Innovation featured in RTL Nederland's "Europe Connected"

Grab a cuppa and join our CEO Mar Mercadé and CTO Christoph Sawade on RTL Nederland for the Germany installment of the Europe Connected.

Nicole Yazolino

May 12, 2025 · 2 min read

BLOG

What is Unified Commerce for Apparel Retailers? 

The fashion industry is rapidly transforming, and one of the most impactful shifts is the emergence of Unified Commerce. But what exactly does that mean?

Nicole Yazolino

May 21, 2025 · 5 min read

BLOG

Multiple Size Alert Reduces Returns by 6%

As apparel shopping continues to shift from offline to online, more and more customers are forced to adjust to a new way of shopping.

Nicole Yazolino

Dec 23, 2020 · 4 min read

Discover a New World of 
E-Commerce Technology

Get in touch to learn how Fit Analytics can support your business needs with size and personalization technologies.

Let’s Talk

Our Solutions

Fit Finder

A Trusted Partner

Partners

Case Studies

Resources

Innovative Technology

Our Technologies

How to Integrate

About Us

Who We Are

Blog

Press

Privacy

Imprint

Cookie Settings

© 2024 Fit Analytics

      
Cookie Settings

We use cookies to improve your online experience and to analyze site traffic. For more information, please see the "Cookies" section of our Privacy Policy. By clicking "Accept all" you are consenting to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings or withdraw your consent any time. Read our Cookie Policy.