FitDay: Free Diet & Weight Loss Journal Learn More Nutrition Fitness Forums Fitness Nutrition Forums The Bald-Faced Truth: Everything You Need to Know About Fighting Hair Loss Nutrition Have You Heard of the Pegan Diet? Buffalo chicken pizza seemed like a strange combo at first but now is incredibly popular. The cronut, which is a mash-up of a croissant and a ... Read More » How Much Healthier is Organic Peanut Butter? The question isn’t quite as simple as organic vs. conventional. Many things need to be considered including the nutrition value, cost, how the peanuts were ... Read More » 5 of the Healthiest Spicy Snacks Spicy, hot foods have long been associated with many health benefits and are an important part of cooking in many cultures. Research has looked into the ... Read More » Fitness Feeling Nauseous? These Tips May Help Alleviate the Symptoms Nausea refers to the awful, queasy feeling you have when you feel you may vomit. This feeling is often accompanied by symptoms of gastrointestinal distress, and ... Read More » 4 Surprising Diseases That an Eye Exam Can Uncover You may be tempted to forgo an annual eye exam if your vision is unchanged or you’re not experiencing symptoms, but it's a missed opportunity ... Read More » How Online Trolling Affects Your Health Technology has benefited our lives in many ways, but it has also made it easier for bullies (or trolls) to cause misery online, thanks to the ... Read More » Recent Nutrition These 3 Food Industries Wreck Havoc on the Planet Food Sustainability should be an important part of determining how you shop. There are so many food industries that can negatively impact the planet and your ... Read More » 4 of the Most Sustainably Produced Foods Sustainable foods are considered foods that support a healthy and sustainable food system for the planet. When considering the sustainability of foods, all parts of the ... Read More » 4 of the Weirdest Hipster Health Food Trends Hipsters are well-known for taking normal foods and combining them in the most ridiculous ways imaginable. These mashups combine bizarre flavors most people wouldn’t ever ... Read More » Recent Fitness The Health Benefits of Music Music has been the subject of numerous academic studies around the world, investigating its beneficial effects on health and mental wellness. While you may be aware ... Read More » Here’s How a Photo of Your Poop Might Help Researchers Most of us take photos daily; of our food, our faces, and our surroundings, but our poop? Well, here’s where most people would draw ... Read More » How Lady Gaga's Post-Show Ice Baths Help Her Recover Lady Gaga puts on one heck of a show, and to recover, and she has a post-show routine that involves an ice bath.
Gaga (real name ... Read More » Follow FitDay Recently Added The Bald-Faced Truth: Everything You Need to Know About Fighting Hair Loss Feeling Nauseous? These Tips May Help Alleviate the Symptoms 4 Surprising Diseases That an Eye Exam Can Uncover How Online Trolling Affects Your Health The Health Benefits of Music Here’s How a Photo of Your Poop Might Help Researchers How Lady Gaga's Post-Show Ice Baths Help Her Recover Getting Enough Vitamin D Now Can Pay off in the Future Screen Time Is Important to Manage Because It Could Have an Effect on a Toddler’s Brain Running Can Reduce the Risk of Death—and You Don’t Even Have to Run That Far All Categories Nutrition Calories Carbs Diets Fats For Men For Women Healthy Eating Lifestyle News Paleo Proteins Tips Vitamins and Minerals Weight Loss Fitness Body Building Cardio Equipment Exercises Fitness Test Gyms Sports Training Strength Training Stretching Toning Weight Loss Terms of Use | Cookie Policy | Privacy Policy | Contact FitDay | Manage Preferences | Your Privacy Choices Copyright © 2000-2021 MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. All rights reserved. FITDAY is a registered service mark of MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. Advertise on FitDay Fitness Nutrition Forums