Fit Small Business: Get Your Business Into Shape! Fit Small Business Search for: Menu HR Retail Sales Marketing Accounting Real Estate More Categories Starting a Business Banking Credit Cards Financing Insights and Trends Insurance Office Technology Online Business Taxes Restaurants BE A PARTNER WORK AT FSB About Newsletter Newsletter HR Retail Sales Marketing Accounting Real Estate More Categories Starting a Business Banking Credit Cards Financing Insights and Trends Insurance Office Technology Online Business Taxes Restaurants Expert answers to your small business questions. Search Retail Retail Meaghan Brophy Meaghan has provided content and guidance for indie retailers as the editor for a number of retail publications and a speaker at trade shows. Explore all of our Retail content. Christmas Retail Displays 2025: Ideas, Examples, and Tips 2025 Cyber Monday Strategies & Tips for Retailers Retail Holiday Readiness: A Small Business Ultimate Guide See All Articles Human Resources Human Resources Jessica Dennis Jessica Dennis has more than six years of experience in HR administration, having held roles as an HR representative, generalist, and office manager. Explore all of our Human Resources content. Guide to Payroll Accounting: What It Is, How It Works + Steps Time Off Request Form: What to Include + Free Template Average PTO in the US: What Small Businesses Need to Know See All Articles Accounting Accounting Timothy Yoder Tim is a Certified QuickBooks Time (formerly TSheets) Pro, QuickBooks ProAdvisor, and CPA with 25 years of experience. Explore all of our Accounting content. 8 Best Small Business Accounting Software 59 Free QuickBooks Tutorials: Learn QuickBooks Fast [+ Videos] QuickBooks Online Comparison: Plans & Pricing Guide See All Articles Sales Sales Bianca Caballero Bianca Caballero is a sales and customer service expert with nearly four years of experience in field sales, territory management, and B2B/B2C relationship building. Explore all of our Sales content. 7 Referral Email Templates for More Word-of-Mouth Referrals How to Write a Business Proposal: Ultimate Guide, Templates & Examples 10 Outbound Sales Call Script Examples (+ Free Templates) See All Articles Marketing Marketing Will Funston Will has over 25 years of experience and subject matter expertise in marketing and advertising. Explore all of our Marketing content. Website Costs: DIY vs Pro Web Design for Small Businesses 27 Local Advertising Ideas to Grow Your Small Business How To Rank Higher on Google: Small Business Strategies See All Articles Starting a Business Starting a Business Mary King Mary King has advised start-ups from catering businesses to coffee shops, personal trainers to pop-up shops, food production, trades and service businesses, dispensaries and more. Explore all of our Starting a Business content. What Is a Cooperative? How to Start One in 6 Simple Steps Best Side Hustle Ideas See All Articles Real Estate Real Estate Gina Baker Gina is a licensed real estate salesperson, experienced trainer, and a former high school educator who has taught more than 1,000 learners. Explore all of our Real Estate content. 7 Best Places to Buy Real Estate Leads 10 Expert Tips on How To Get Clients in Real Estate See All Articles Banking Banking Tricia Jones Tricia has a Master's in Business Administration and has spent the majority of her career working in federal government lending. Explore all of our Banking content. 10 Best Banks for Small Business 8 Best Free Business Checking Accounts See All Articles Office Technology Office Technology Faithe Day Ph.D. Faithe J. Day is a technology expert with over a decade of experience writing and teaching about emerging digital trends. Explore all of our Office Technology content. Top 10 Communication Technology Trends (2025) 7 Best Free Business Phone Number Apps for Small Businesses Why Smart Businesses Use VoIP CRM Integrations to Boost Efficiency See All Articles Insurance Insurance Nathan Weller Nathan has spent nearly 15 years working with several carriers in both commercial and personal lines insurance while also running a small non-profit organization. Explore all of our Insurance content. Commercial General Liability Insurance Cost & Coverage Small Business Insurance Coverage, Costs & Industries 6 Best Small Business Insurance Companies See All Articles Financing Financing Tricia Jones Tricia has a Master's in Business Administration and has spent the majority of her career working in federal government lending. Explore all of our Financing content. What Is a Business Line of Credit? A Beginner’s Guide How to Get an SBA Startup Loan in 6 Steps 7 Best Small Business Lines of Credit See All Articles Restaurants Restaurants Mary King With more than a decade of hospitality experience, Mary has worked in some of the most celebrated restaurants in the world. Explore all of our Restaurants content. 12 Expert-approved Restaurant Bookkeeping Tips See All Articles Facebook Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube Company About Us Editorial Policy Careers Partners Work With Us Contact Us [email protected] Facebook Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube © Fit Small Business 2025 California Privacy Rights | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap Join Fit Small Business × Sign up to receive more well-researched small business articles and topics in your inbox, personalized for you. Select the newsletters you’re interested in below. Accounting Ecommerce Marketing Sales Financing Human Resources Retail Real Estate (Agents) Real Estate Investing Starting a Business Please select at least one newsletter. Your Email Address