Fittingbox | Virtual Try-On & 3D Solutions for Eyewear en English Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil Try On Products VIRTUAL TRY-ON 3D VIEWER DIGITAL FRAMES PD MEASUREMENT OPTICAL FIT OPEN INNOVATION Solutions ONLINE : enhance my user experience E-COMMERCE : boost my conversion rate 3D ASSETS : digitize my products PD MEASUREMENT : get accurate results online IN-STORE : enhance my consumer experience DRIVE-TO-STORE : attract traffic to my stores Resources CASE STUDIES GUIDES & WEBINARS HQ PACKSHOTS BLOG SUPPORT About Us OUR STORY OUR TECHNOLOGY JOIN US Contact Try On en English Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil © FITTINGBOX 2025 • Terms of use • Privacy & Legal Leading software provider of AR and 3D Solutions for Eyewear The most accurate Virtual Try-On technology for glasses that drives sales and improves the shopping experience . Discover our solution Try Glasses On They already trust us A realistic Virtual Try-On technology for glasses Offer your customers an immersive and realistic "try-before-you-buy" experience in real time and on any device . Rely on ultra-realistic 3D renderings to increase engagement and boost online conversion rate by x3 . Discover Virtual Try-On Try Glasses On The world's largest Database of 3D Glasses Leverage our expertise in frame digitization for realistic digital twins of physical frames. 195k+ references and 1,200+ brands are available in 3D for digital experience such as Virtual Try-On and 3D Viewer . Discover Digital Frames Precise PD Measurement Reduce cart abandonment and doubts to purchase with a precise and online PD measurement tool. Ensuring accuracy within 1 mm , (for 7 out of 10 measurements) this user-friendly solution offers a seamless shopping experience. Discover PD Measurement The first and global leader of Virtual Try-On & 3D Glasses 0 M+ Try-Ons Number of try-on sessions powered in 2024. 0 + Customers Eyewear professionals using Fittingbox. 0 k+ 3D Frames Number of frames tried at least once in 2024 0 Patents International patents in USA and Europe. Experience our Live & Ultra-Realistic Glasses Virtual Try-On Tool Virtual Try-On The one partner for all digital outputs and all uses Get a reliable mass production of 3D assets and eyewear packshots . Digital Frames Boost your online sales and improve your customer experience . Virtual Try-On Showcase your collections so users can explore them on every angle. 3D Viewer Our technology for glasses is fully supported by all major E-Commerce Platforms Virtual Try-On for Website What they say about Fittingbox Virtual Try-On for Glasses Since we increased the number of models offering virtual try-on functionality the uplift of conversion rate is stable around 90% . Branislav RAMSAK Eyerim's Co-Founder We've been thrilled with the performance of VTO and how it's streamlined the shopping experience for our customers. We've seen a significant increase in conversion rates among users who engage with this feature. Jean-Francois JUPILLE UX Director at KITS Virtual Try-on is definitely a huge booster for our online sales. With a VTO experience, the conversion of sunglasses purchases goes up to 2x to 3x more than without VTO. Stefan WOLK E-commerce Director at Fielmann Virtually try on new eyeglasses and sunglasses without even removing your prescription glasses The world premiere innovation offering a unique experience to make the glasses wearers' shopping journey easier. Discover Frame Removal FITTINGBOX The Digital Eyewear Company Fittingbox provides cutting-edge interactive solutions and digital assets especially designed for the eyewear industry. During our 18+ years of existence , we obtained 59 international patents and operate worldwide which makes us the world’s first eyewear virtual try-on provider . Discover our story FITTINGBOX's fields of expertise Virtual Try-On for Website - for Ecommerce - for In-store Discover Digital Frames Photo Studio - 3D Studio - 3D Database Discover Optical Toolbox PD Measurement - Lens Simulator Discover Open Innovation R&D Capabilities - Co-Creation Possibilities Discover LET'S TALK Request a free demo, a free quote, or set up an appointment with one of our sales representatives. CONTACT US Useful Links Customer Support Help Center FAQ Site Map General Terms Corporate About Us Our Technology Join us Follow Us © FITTINGBOX 2025 • Terms of use • Privacy & Legal