Skip to Main Content
FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY

FIU PORTALS

SEARCH
About
Locations
Admissions
Academics
Research
Student Life
Athletics
Alumni & Giving
UNSTOPPABLE YOU

Your future is built here. Endless opportunities to lead, learn and grow set the stage for you to carve your path to success and leave your mark on the world.

Start your application

Top of the Class

FIU offers more than 190 degree programs to prepare our students for whatever the future holds. Many of our programs have ranked among the best in the country for their academic excellence and exceptional return on investment. With in-person and fully online options, you can earn an FIU degree from anywhere in the world.

A Degree for Every Interest
I am interested in...

Browse All Degrees

Top-Ranked Research

From the top of the globe to the ocean's floor, FIU researchers are exploring the toughest challenges of our time: sea level rise, childhood mental health disorders and more. This solutions-center approach is why FIU is designated a Carnegie Very High Research institution, the only public university in South Florida to achieve this distinction.

Learn About Our Research

Groundbreaking cancer research leads to improved treatment options

Restoring the Everglades to ensure South Florida’s freshwater supply

The Wall of Wind: The ultimate tool in hurricane research

Miami Puts the 'International' in FIU

Half sprawling city, half tropical wilderness, all progress. We’re proud to call Miami our home. It’s a dynamic hotspot for innovation and creation. This multilingual, multinational city puts the "I" in FIU.

Where others see challenges, we see opportunity. Our research and service efforts take aim at the unique issues Miami faces in climate change, globalizing economy, major population shifts and more.

About our Locations

A Campus as Dynamic as its Students

Get lost in the 342-acre city block that is Modesto A. Maidique Campus. Sit on the sandy shores of Biscayne Bay Campus. Or explore any one of our four satellite locations across South Florida. With a student body of 56,000, we make sure there’s something for everyone here.

Visit Our Campuses

Campus by the Numbers
300+
Academic associations, honor and professional societies, cultural organizations and interest groups
3
Art and history museums
142 
Countries represented in our student body
17 
Intercollegiate athletic teams in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA)
News
Campus & Community

FIU welcomes new Board of Trustee members

The Florida Board of Governors has appointed Nestor Plana and Tila Falic-Levi to serve on the university's governing body.

Campus & Community

A message from President Jeanette M. Nuñez

FIU's leader shares reflections and holiday wishes. Plus: Watch an end-of-year video that showcases the university's achievements.

Science & Technology

Rising seas threaten Florida’s state tree

Scientists offer practical advice to support palm resilience

Campus & Community

Give the gift of an experience

Experiential gifts are trending this year. Here’s a guide for last-minute shoppers, which includes tickets to the South Beach Wine &amp; Food Festival®




More News

Statement of Free Expression

FIU endorses the Florida Board of Governors' Statement of Free Expression to support and encourage full and open discourse and the robust exchange of ideas and perspectives on our campuses. In addition to supporting this legal right, we view this as an integral part of our ability to deliver a high-quality academic experience for our students, engage in meaningful and productive research, and provide valuable public service. This includes fostering civil and open dialogue in support of critical thinking in and out of the classroom, including events hosted by the university.

Read The Full Statement
Connect
Contact Us
FIU News
Explore FIU
About
Admissions
Academics
Locations
Research
Student Life
Athletics
Alumni & Giving
Careers at FIU
Estimate Cost of Attendance
Tools & Resources
Phonebook (Directory)
University Calendar
Campus Maps
MyFIU
Canvas
FIU Email
System Status
Reserve Space
Nondiscrimination
Title IX
Report Discrimination or Harassment

© 2025 Florida International University | Website by Digital Communications | Web/Accessibility | Website Feedback