Fivetran | Automated data movement platform Product Fivetran platform overview A single platform for all your data movement needs Learn more Platform Capabilities Transformations Accelerate insights with automated transformations Security Rigorous, built-in security to move data with peace of mind Governance Know, protect and scale your data with governed data movement Extensibility Easily integrate Fivetran with other tools and systems to optimize workflows at scale rETL Activate your data back into your data applications Deployment Hybrid Deployment Securely move all of your data without compromising performance Sources + Destinations SaaS replication Database replication SAP replication Streaming replication File replication Custom connectors Destination to destination Data lakes New Data warehouses Solutions For operational use cases Data democratization Make data accessible without compromising on compliance Infrastructure modernization Accelerate your business through cloud adoption Embedded Effortlessly connect to your customers’ data Data readiness for AI Power your AI innovation with reliable access to centralized and governed data Analytics Drive smarter business decisions with real-time analytics Industries Retail & CPG Financial services Healthcare Manufacturing For developers Data developers Benchmarking REST API Partners Program overview Partner directory Amazon Web Services Databricks Google BigQuery Microsoft Azure Snowflake Connectors Pricing Overview Free plan No credit card required All features Resources Blog Customer stories Resource center Documentation Onboarding News Events Professional services Podcast Featured resource See Fivetran in action View interactive demo Trust Support portal Status Book demo now Log in Start free Big news! 🎉 Fivetran is joining forces with dbt Labs. Together, we’re setting the standard for open data infrastructure. Read the announcement Moving data. Powering innovation. From start-ups to global enterprises, the Fivetran data movement platform unlocks innovation by accelerating insights, optimizing operations, and powering data-driven decisions. Get started for free View interactive demo Jetblue achieves real-time database replication for terabytes of data with Fivetran. Autodesk achieves governed data access for 13,000+ employees and 60 data teams. Pitney Bowes moves to the cloud to track 800M+ parcels in real time. National Australia Bank powers GenAI, cuts costs by 50% and boosts machine learning performance by 30%. Trusted by data-driven companies Effortlessly move data from any source to any destination Explore our 700+ connectors Automatically, reliably and securely move data from 700+ sources including SaaS applications, databases, ERPs, and files to data warehouses, data lakes, and more. Effortlessly move data from any source to any destination Our automated, high-performance pipelines reliably move critical business data from 700+ sources including SaaS applications, databases, ERPs, and files to data warehouses, data lakes, and more. Search connectors No search results found. This is some text inside of a div block. Popular New Marketing Finance Databases SAP ERP Salesforce Square Oracle PostgreSQL Amazon S3 Facebook Ads Workday RaaS Google Ads Db2 for i Azure DevOps MongoDB Hex Jama Software Flywheel Digital Ashby Maileon Deposco Quorum Venminder Centra Zoho Inventory Qmatic Data Connect ProsperStack Salesforce Marketo Mixpanel Adobe Analytics Notion Mailchimp Facebook Ads Optimizely Google Ads Asana Shopify HubSpot Paypal Square Xero Braintree Shopify Zuora Coupa Quickbooks SAP ERP NetSuite SuiteAnalytics Google Play Stripe DynamoDB Elasticsearch Oracle BigQuery MariaDB SAP ERP CockroachDB MongoDB Snowflake Db2 for i MySQL Databricks SAP ERP Salesforce Square Oracle PostgreSQL Amazon S3 Facebook Ads Workday RaaS Google Ads Db2 for i Azure DevOps MongoDB Build custom pipelines for niche sources with Connector SDK Scale and innovate with our customizable platform The Fivetran platform scales to fit into your evolving data needs, making your future innovations possible. Deploy data pipelines your way Move data in your own environment to meet your security needs with our easy-to-use Hybrid Deployment capability. Explore our deployment options Automate ingestion to the data lake Fivetran Managed Data Lake Service lands standardized, governed data in your data lake using query-ready open table formats. Dive into our managed data lakes service Build custom connectors Centralize data from niche sources with fully managed pipelines. Start building Prepare data for analytics-ready models Easily transform data upon load into the production-ready tables with Fivetran Quickstart data models. Accelerate your transformations Security teams love Fivetran Learn more about security SOC 1 & SOC 2 GDPR HIPAA BAA ISO 27001 PCI DSS LEVEL 1 HITRUST Data movement is your foundation for innovation Fivetran, the industry leader in data movement, powers real-time analytics, database replication, AI workflows, and cloud migrations for thousands of customers worldwide. The Fivetran data movement platform is the foundation for customer innovation. Explore our case studies Dropbox cuts data ingestion and reporting time from 8 weeks to 30 minutes. Okta saved 1,000 engineering hours with Fivetran. Nando's builds Customer 360 profiles 60% faster with Fivetran. Data movement is your foundation for innovation Explore our deployment models Fivetran, the industry leader in data movement, powers real-time analytics, database replication, AI workflows, and cloud migrations for thousands of customers worldwide. Explore our case studies Explore by industry Software Healthcare Financial services Retail & CPG Manufacturing “Fivetran has revolutionized our approach to data, enabling AI/ML and GenAI initiatives on employee performance and providing managers with faster insights.” Sandro Frattura Analytics Engineering Manager, HubSpot People Operations HubSpot powers GenAI, saves $100,000 with Fivetran “Fivetran provides a framework for standardizing data replication across all of Pfizer, enabling us to achieve real-time analytics.” John Leone Senior Manager of Global Platform Support Services Pfizer speeds up clinical trials by unlocking real-time data “We're seeing reductions in terms of cloud, processing, and storage costs. Within the first year, we've seen ingestion costs fall by about 50 percent.” Joanna Gurry Executive of Data Platforms National Australia Bank enhances customer experiences and powers GenAI “Fivetran has been a key accelerator in scaling our data operations and unifying data to build a customer 360, improve our time to market, and ultimately enhance the customer experience.” Aurélien Gascon Chief Enterprise Architect LVMH achieves real-time insights and operational excellence “When we introduced Fivetran to our facilities’ data processing, it revolutionized the flow, and we were able to achieve near real-time data from all 16 sites at the same time.” Vishal Shah Data Architect Manager Pitney Bowes tracks 800M+ parcels in real time with Fivetran Fivetran by the numbers At Fivetran, we are focused on providing reliability and scale for our customers. Learn more about our benchmarks 500+ GB/hr Historical sync throughput speeds 9.1+ Petabytes Amount of data synced per month 22.2M + Schema changes handled per month 37.7M + Transformation models run per month 156.5M + Pipeline syncs per month 10.1T + Rows synced per month The only managed platform to move and activate all of your data Experience the ease and scale of Fivetran in less than 2 minutes Try the self-guided demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Transformations Accelerate insights with automated transformations Extensibility Easily integrate Fivetran with other tools and systems to optimize workflows Security Rigorous, built-in security to move data with peace of mind rELT Activate your data back into your data applications Governance Know, protect and scale your data with governed data movement Hybrid Deployment Securely move all of your data without compromising performance Everything you need to know to get started All resources Documentation New to Fivetran documentation Demo Fivetran demo: Account setup Blog Your first 30 days as a Fivetran user Report Data readiness for SAP applications: Capitalizing on AI and GenAI to drive enterprise forward Pricing Explore pricing and plans Let's get you moving data Get started for free Book a live demo Product Platform overview Transformations Security Governance Extensibility Deployment models Pricing Overview All features Free Plan Y Combinator Resources Blog Customer stories Resource center Learn News Events Professional services Podcast Company About Fivetran Culture Careers Contact us Impressum Support Support portal Status Changelog Full API Reference FAQs MIT research: Data readiness is key to AI readiness Read now Language English German (Standard) French (Standard) *dbt Core is a trademark of dbt Labs, Inc. All rights therein are reserved to dbt Labs, Inc. Fivetran Transformations is not a product or service of or endorsed by dbt Labs, Inc. Legal Privacy policy Cookie settings Website terms of use Cookie list © 2025 Fivetran Inc.