AB Tasty - Your Digital Experience Optimization Platform & Partner Skip to the content Search Menu Search Search a resource Close search abtasty Menu Platform Products Web Experimentation Feature Experimentation Personalization Rollouts Recommendations Merchandising Go further with One Platform EmotionsAI New Features Built for scale AI agent EVI Security and Privacy Tech and Performance Documentation Web Experimentation Feature Exp. & Rollouts Feature Developer Doc Reco. & Merch. Grow with us Success with AB Tasty Customers Extensive Partner Network Find a partner Partners directory Integrations Google Cloud Global Support Customer Success Team Pricing Resources Topics #AI #Feature Experimentation #Customer Journey #A/B Testing #Personalization #UX Optimization #CRO Culture #Digital Marketing #Recommendations #Data & Analytics See more Industry Travel & Hospitality Beauty E-commerce Fashion & Apparel Financial Services Home & Furniture Media See more Content Type Articles Case Studies E-Books Glossary Guides Podcast Webinars See all resources Tools Minimum Detectable Effect Calculator Sample Size Calculator Company AB Tasty About Us Sustainability & Inclusivity Our latest News Join Us Your Journey at AB Tasty Careers Why work with AB Tasty ? Contact Send us a message Become a partner Get a demo Login EN EN DE FR IT ES Close Menu Platform Products Web Experimentation Feature Experimentation Personalization Rollouts Recommendations Merchandising Go further with One Platform EmotionsAI New Features Built for scale AI agent EVI Security and Privacy Tech and Performance Documentation Web Experimentation Feature Exp. & Rollouts Feature Developer Doc Reco. & Merch. Grow with us Success with AB Tasty Customers Extensive Partner Network Find a partner Partners directory Integrations Google Cloud Global Support Customer Success Team Pricing Resources Topics #AI #Feature Experimentation #Customer Journey #A/B Testing #Personalization #UX Optimization #CRO Culture #Digital Marketing #Recommendations #Data & Analytics See more Industry Travel & Hospitality Beauty E-commerce Fashion & Apparel Financial Services Home & Furniture Media See more Content Type Articles Case Studies E-Books Glossary Guides Podcast Webinars See all resources Tools Minimum Detectable Effect Calculator Sample Size Calculator Company AB Tasty About Us Sustainability & Inclusivity Our latest News Join Us Your Journey at AB Tasty Careers Why work with AB Tasty ? Contact Send us a message Become a partner Get a demo Login EN EN DE FR IT ES Platform Products Web Experimentation Feature Experimentation Personalization Rollouts Recommendations Merchandising Go further with One Platform EmotionsAI New Features Built for scale AI agent EVI Security and Privacy Tech and Performance Documentation Web Experimentation Feature Exp & rollouts Feature Dev Doc Reco. & Merch. Grow with us Success with AB Tasty Customers Extensive Partner Network Find a partner Partners directory Integrations Google Cloud Global Support Customer Success Team Pricing Resources Topics #AI #Feature Experimentation #Customer Journey #A/B Testing #Personalization #UX Optimization #CRO Culture #Digital Marketing #Recommendations #Data & Analytics See more Industry Travel & Hospitality Beauty E-commerce Fashion & Apparel Financial Services Home & Furniture Media See more Content type Articles Case Studies E-Books Glossary Guides Podcasts Webinars See all resources Tools Minimum Detectable Effect Calculator Sample Size Calculator Company AB Tasty About Us Corporate Social Responsibility Our latest News Join Us Your Journey at AB Tasty Careers Why work with AB Tasty ? Contact Send us a message Become a partner EN DE FR IT ES Login Get a demo One platform for all your progress Home Push the limits of experience optimization with AI-powered experiments Get ready for better Join 1000+ awesome brands using AB Tasty One platform for all your progress Testing new features, accelerating output, enhancing experiences. It all takes a mindset of optimization. It all takes trial, then better. Web Experimentation Blend advanced testing with simple experience building so you can reach your conversion goals confidently and quickly. Start simple or get complex with extensive ways to experiment across your journeys. Take decisions with confidence that your conversions are safe. Feature Experimentation Run sophisticated experiments across all channels and devices. Run multi-channel A/B tests without impacting performance. Test out mobile app ideas to see if they resonate before a full release. Choose whatever implementation method works best for you: agnostic API or SDK. Personalization Combine specificity with scale by personalizing experiences to each individual. Combine specificity with scale by personalizing experiences to each individual. Launch personalized experiences in minutes. Take advantage of advanced segmentation based on emotional need or engagement with your brand. Recommendations Personalization meets merchandising to highlight cross-sell opportunities, alternatives, product sets, bundles, and more. Tailor each product selection to each individual. From homepage to PDPs, add recommendations to boost cart value and improve product discovery at every step. Rollouts Release new features with speed and confidence. Release progressively and test in production. Minimize risk with automatic KPI-triggered rollbacks. AI Push the limits of experience optimization with AI. Boost engagement with AI-enhanced experiences. From AI for enhanced productivity to enhanced experiences including the market-first EmotionsAI. AI that works for you Meet Evi , your evi dence-based marketing agent. Evi cuts through the noise, turning complex data into clear, actionable strategies—so you always know what works, why, and what to do next. Get started with Evi Move at the speed of Evidence Evi grounds every step in evidence – so wins are repeatable, measurable, and anything but lucky. From hypothesis to reporting, Evi turns data into clear, confident next steps. Your vision, our AI’s creation Make visual changes by prompting our Visual Editor with changes you want to see in your experiment – whether it’s updating colors, adding animations, or modifying buttons. One Evi everywhere Whether you need help formulating your hypothesis or need insights from lengthy reports, Evi helps your team move experiments to the next step. Same quality, same context, same great results—right in your workflow. 90% of visitors are anonymous. AdaptiveCX helps you notice, understand, and welcome them—all in the moment. Adapt and personalize every experience with real-time predictive AI. Explore AdaptiveCX Optimization is our goal. Collaboration is how we get there. We take your progress personally. From the minute we meet to the first milestone we reach, we work together. See us as a new hire with a fountain of strategic expertise on our solutions, customer experience strategy, and high-impact optimization roadmaps. What better means for you When it comes to optimization, first comes trial. Then comes better. ROI Maximize your ROI with data-driven decision-making – so you’re making the right decisions for your business from the start. Engagement Drive engagement throughout the customer journey with interactive experiences tailored to each individual Loyalty Bring customers back over and over again with personalized moments across touchpoints. Risk Be brave, without the risk by testing ideas, rolling out progressively, and toggling features. Want to see AB Tasty in action? Build end-to-end experiences that drive growth across all digital channels. What our customers are saying The AB Tasty team come up with lots of different ideas.
Combining those with our concepts gives us the insight we need
to develop our quarterly roadmap. From a software perspective,
there’s always something new coming down the features pipeline. Oliver Mallich Head of Marketing and Partnerships What is key for us is leveraging our data to provide personalized, one-to-one service and experiences online, customers, after all, are at the heart of everything Clarins does. Stephanie Gaspar Global Digital Director Working with AB Tasty has allowed us to leverage hypotheses
not only from within their team but also from others they collaborate with, enabling us to fast-track our strategies. I see AB Tasty as more of a partner who works with us as part of our team, rather than just a vendor. Sze Keong Sim Manager, Digital Analytics, Asia eCommerce 2023 marked a phenomenal milestone in our digital transformation. AB Tasty has played a critical role in this, helping our team innovate and validate at a quicker pace with less risk. Jeff Hamm Vice President of Digital Experience and Operations The decision to switch to AB Tasty came down to the overall return on investment. AB Tasty offered us a feature-rich solution meeting our needs at a competitive price point. The implementation was easy, running experiments can be done efficiently, and the support team has been helping us deliver successful tests. Paul Branco Sr. Director of Product Management, UX, & Analytics AB Tasty delivers remarkable results. The display scenarios are highly relevant and perfectly tailored to our specific needs. The 'test & learn' culture at AB Tasty empowers us to continually optimize our performance. Émilien Foiret Co-Founder 13 years of turning frustrations into growth foundations Test and learn culture We bring our test and learn culture to your business. Your moves become choice, not chance. Our team of experts Our team has been working with thousands of clients, at different parts of their journey, and all over the world. We’re experts in experience optimization and support your high-impact roadmaps. Partner and integrations networks We have built an extensive partner and integrations network so that we can work how and where you want to work. Robust platform Our robust platform with business-first statistical engines, optimized performance, and security allows us to grow with you. Success stories Case Study How  Eurosport’s Survey Pop-In Got 5K Responses in Less Thank Two Weeks Ajouter le lien de la page ici 5000 Responses Case Study How Clarins Scaled Their Global E-Commerce Through Agile Experimentation Ajouter le lien de la page ici 30 Markets Case Study Sage Sees Transaction Lift From A/B Testing Website Copy Ajouter le lien de la page ici +30% Traffic Grow faster with AB Tasty Get a custom walkthrough of the platform Get a demo Company About Us Security practices Contact Us Webinars Become a partner Careers Solutions A/B Testing Feature Flag Management Personalization EmotionsAI E-commerce Recommendations AI Technology The Latest Podcast: 1000 Experiments Club Google Cloud Partner NEW Hotjar Integration Clarins: Invests in Testing Ideal CRO Team Structure Infographic: Digital Customer Journey How AI Enhances Experimentation Explore topics CRO Culture ROI of Experimentation AB Testing Experimentation Digital Marketing Email Marketing UX Optimization Explore Industries E-commerce Fashion & apparel Beauty Home & Furniture Travel & Hospitatlity Media Financial Services ©
							Copyright 2024 AB Tasty, Inc, All rights reserved | Legal Notices | Privacy Policy | Personal data - Customers | Cookie preferences 苏州尚葡信息科技有限公司 苏ICP备16026201号-9