Home
For Commissioners
For Dynasty
Testimonials
Apps
Switch To Fleaflicker 
Play For FreeLog In
The All-In-One Toolkit for Running Your Fantasy Basketball League.
Fleaflicker is the no-nonsense fantasy sports platform that's fast, easy, and customizable. Get modern apps with integrated league chat, hundreds of scoring options, dynasty league support, and year-round access. All for free.
Sign Up for Free

Already use Fleaflicker? Log In

By clicking the button, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Infinitely Customizable
With options like taxi squads, blind bid waivers, and diverse scoring categories, we've got you covered.
League Import Tools
Comprehensive commissioner tools help bring your league to Fleaflicker in a flash.
Modern Apps
Use Fleaflicker in your web browser, along with new & redesigned Android and iOS apps.
Year-Round Access
Perfect for leagues that play beyond the regular season. We're never closed for maintenance.
Blockbuster Trades
Trade draft picks up to 3 years in advance, make multi-team trade offers, and even trade during the draft.
Rock Solid Since 2005
Trusted by thousands of leagues for 21 seasons. Used Fleaflicker in the past but moved on? Heard of it, but never signed up? Today's Fleaflicker will surprise you! Modern apps, a clean web interface, and all the customizations you need.
Full commissioner control
Built for Commissioners
With 28 scoring rules to choose from, Fleaflicker can support any league. (Points Off Turnovers, Plus Minus, Triple Doubles, Ejections, and many more)
Learn about commissioner controls
You're in Good Company
Leagues of every size, shape and kind have already made Fleaflicker their home. Read everything they have to say.

Flexible options, an easy-to-use interface, and an active support team keep me here instead of the other big-name websites.

Randall C., Rockford, IL, member since '09

Best fantasy sports site to use. Super easy, user-friendly, really natural. It's awesome.

Bleacher Report

As soon as we made the switch to Fleaflicker, our jobs were greatly simplified.

Dave H., moderator of Reddit's NarFFL league

Last year was my first year as a commissioner on Fleaflicker and the customization was second to none. Way better than ESPN, NFL or Yahoo.

Eric M., member since '17

Fleaflicker is honestly the best fantasy site out there. Puts Yahoo and ESPN to shame. The addition of new stat categories and taxi squads this year have been awesome!

Bryan H., member since '16

Fleaflicker is a better fantasy sports site.

TechCrunch
Just a Few of Our Features
FAST LIVE SCORING

Up-to-the-second live stats and news so you can follow every play as it happens.

APP & WEB ACCESS

Works with any browser, along with Android and iOS apps.

YEAR ROUND ACCESS

There is no offseason. All leagues are granted unlimited access any time of year—ideal for dynasty and keeper formats.

INFINITELY CUSTOMIZABLE

Fleaflicker has everything you need for simple redraft leagues, complex dynasty leagues, and everything in between.

EMAIL DRAFTS

E-mail drafts let you draft at your convenience. No owner should be at the mercy of the auto-draft.

EVERY SPORT

Whether you love football, baseball, basketball or hockey, we've got leagues for you.

BLOCKBUSTER TRADES

Make multi-team blockbuster trades involving players, future draft picks, or both.

FLEXIBLE LEAGUE SIZES

Fleaflicker can accommodate league sizes from 4 to 24, including odd-sized leagues.

LEAGUE IMPORT CAPABILITY

Use our comprehensive import tools to easily switch from other sites.

TAXI SQUADS

Add a "practice squad" to the roster that is totally separate from the Injured Reserve.

KEEPERS

The essential ingredient every dynasty needs! Set up to 40 keepers per team.

CUSTOMER SUPPORT

We're here to help.

ADD-ONS
GAIN THE EDGE

Get the most out of Fleaflicker with the best research tools available.

TRUSTED SOURCES

Access to extra analysis provided by top fantasy sources like FantasyPros and RotoWire.

NO ADS

Upgrade to Ad-Free and you'll never have to wait for an ad.

See what a real league looks like
Get started for free — join the millions of fantasy fans already using Fleaflicker to host their leagues.
Sign Up for Free

Already use Fleaflicker? Log In

By clicking the button, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

AboutTermsPrivacyContact/Report a bugHelp
© 2025 Fleaflicker LLC.d9bea90