Solutions 
Customers 
Pricing
More 
Try it yourself
Get a demo
Free Jamf to Fleet MDM migration service
OPEN DEVICE MANAGEMENT
“I just moved 10,000
Macs to Fleet”

Wes Whetstone

Client Platform Engineer at Stripe

Get a demo
See Fleet in action
3 mins
1,300+

customers

2,000,000+

computing devices

90+

countries

21 minutes

avg support response time

Freedom at every level

Manage devices your way, without vendor limits. Fleet gives you full control and supports the choices that work for your organization.

All features, flexible deployment

Unlike other solutions, you can let us host Fleet for you or deploy it yourself. You get the same experience either way.

UI, API, or GitOps

Manage devices how you work best, with full support for configuration as code.

Real device choice—even Linux

Let employees use the OS they need, without compromising management and security.

What people are saying

My users love this. It's increasing security and compliance across our workforce.

Bart Reardon

Creator of swiftDialog

We've been using Fleet for a few years at Stripe and we couldn't be happier. The fact that it's also open-source made it easy for us to try it out, customise it to our needs, and seamlessly integrate it into our existing environment.

Scott MacVicar

Head of Developer Infrastructure & Corporate Technology

Thanks for a great run Jamf... Foursquare has officially completed the migration to Fleet as our new device management platform.

Mike Meyer

Senior Manager, Corporate Engineering

Fleet aligns with the strategies that enabled me to help scale Uber’s global device deployments with a lean DevOps/systems engineering team.

Luis Madrigal

Former Engineering Leader, Uber

You can use data from Fleet to predict cost savings initiatives, do data driven hardware refresh, or drill into which devices are performing well versus which aren’t.

Tom Larkin

Sr. Manager, Client Engineering & DevOps

Fleet has been highly effective for our needs. We appreciate your team for always being so open to hearing our feedback.

Kenny Botelho

Client Platform IT Engineer / Leader

Exciting. This is a team that listens to feedback.

Erik Gomez

Staff Client Platform Engineer

Something I really appreciate about working with you guys is that it doesn't feel like I'm talking to a vendor. It actually feels like I'm talking to my team, and I really appreciate it.

Chandra Majumdar

Partner - Cyber and Strategic Risk

This is not just production osquery, but actually a way bigger opportunity than even something like Airwatch or Jamf.

Eric Tan

CIO & CSO at Flock Safety

I don't want one bad actor to brick my fleet, I want them to make a pull request first. Thanks for making our lives easier. We got a pat on the back for making the migration so easy!

Matt Carr

CPE manager

Having the freedom to take full advantage of the product is one of the reasons why I always support open-source products with a commercially-backed company, like Fleet.

Nico Waisman

CISO of Lyft

I love the steady and consistent delivery of features that help teams work how they want to work, not how your product dictates they work.

Dan Grzelak

Security Chief of Staff

We chose Fleet because they take Linux desktop management seriously. It was smooth as butter to set up and start deploying. Fleet gives me the peace of mind knowing that our Linux Fleet is properly managed, monitored, and secure.

Roger Cantrell

IT Operations Engineer

Fleet is incredibly easy to deploy and perfect for lean IT teams. It's everything we need in a device management platform, simple, efficient, and powerful.

Chayce O'Neal

Head of IT @ ConductorOne

The customer support and care has been 'world class'. Even on the other side of the world.

David Bodmer

IT Systems Engineer

Moving to Fleet?

See how Fleet compares with your other options.

For IT admins
For security engineers
Fleet
Jamf Pro

Cloud or self-host with no restrictions

On-prem limited

Zero-touch setup

Apple only

iOS/iPadOS management

Complete device inventory 

Operating system updates

Apple only

Configuration management and scripting

Apple only

Remote lock and wipe

Apple only

App management

Apple only

Automated device compliance

Additional purchase

REST API

Multiple APIs required

Config as code (GitOps)

Device reporting (<30 seconds) 

Import / export

Interoperable

Apple only

Open source

Free and paid version

Compare all features
Get a demo
Open by design

At Fleet, everyone can contribute. We are dedicated to making tools that are easy for everyone to understand.

"Why is this running on my computer?"

Let end users see the source code for exactly how they are being monitored, and set clear expectations about what is and isn’t acceptable use of work computers.

Free as in free

The free version of Fleet will always be free. Fleet is independently backed and actively maintained with the help of many amazing contributors.

Open source

All of Fleet's source code is public, and our company handbook is public and open to the world. You can read about the history of Fleet and osquery and our commitment to improving the product.

DEPLOY ANYWHERE
One agent for every

OS
audit
Get a demo
Try it yourself

Curious? Get product updates and news

Subscribe

537c652d-cb1a-440e-ae35-0f0bf5743e75

Multi platform
Device management
Orchestration
Software management
Integrations
Pricing
Documentation
Support
Docs
API
Release notes
Get your license
Company
About
News
Jobs
Logos/artwork
Why open source?
SOC2 Type 2
© 2025 Fleet Inc. Privacy