GPS Fleet Tracking Software | Verizon Connect Call Sales: (866) 844 2235 8am–7pm EST M–F Customer Support Login Products Solutions Resources Why Verizon Connect Get a demo Products Popular products GPS fleet tracking Increase fleet visibility, improve worker productivity and cut costs. GPS asset tracking Find equipment quickly, improve utilization and monitor PTO operations. Compliance Simplify DOT obligations, follow regulations and promote safe driving. Electric vehicle tracking Easily monitor EV location, charging status and battery level. Dashcams Coach drivers, promote safety and mitigate risk with the help of AI. View all products See also API toolkit Fleet data and analytics Marketplace Mobile apps Hardware and devices Solutions By need Efficiency Reduce costs across your business. Sustainability Technology that informs smarter and greener business decisions. Compliance Automate regulatory DOT compliance. Safety Increase operational safety while reducing risk and liability. By organization type Small Business Mid Market Enterprise Government By industry Construction Distribution Transportation and logistics Utilities View all industries Resources Resources Blog Case studies eBooks Glossary of fleet terms Reports Webinars View all resources Video demos Live map Route replay Geofences Alerts Reports Fleet maintenance View all videos ROI Calculator Calculate your fleet's savings potential with Verizon Connect. Support Online help Troubleshooting Support requests Education and training Featured resources Free eBook Fleet Technology Trends Report Download now Why Verizon Connect Benefits Reduce fleet expenses. Lower costs for fuel, labor, maintenance and more. Boost safety and security. Promote safe driving and protect your valuable resources. Enhance productivity. Work smarter, and get more out of your vehicles, assets and drivers. Satisfy your customers. Improve customer service, provide accurate ETAs and more. Get reliable hardware. Have peace of mind with easy-to-use and easy-to-install devices. Improve fuel efficiency. Educate drivers, streamline routing and reduce vehicle wear-and-tear. Powered by Verizon As a trusted, advanced network and technology provider, we are committed to your business and continually strive for more. Customer success Clients and results See who was able to realize the benefits of Verizon Connect. Case studies Hear success stories from Verizon Connect customers. Reviews See what our customers have to say about us. Customer spotlight Watch how B.A.M. Trucking deflects false claim and saves $200,000 on insurance premiums. Watch now Get a demo Call Sales: (866) 844 2235 8am–7pm EST M–F Login Get a demo Overview Highlights Benefits Case study Features FAQ Resources See plans & pricing Advanced GPS fleet tracking software Monitor and manage your mobile workforce with ease. See plans & pricing Get a demo Track vehicles in the field, improve fleet operations and more. Watch it in action (2:47) Home Solutions GPS fleet tracking software Fleet tracking overview Increase your fleet visibility with fleet tracking Get a near real-time, 360-degree view of your fleet’s daily operations, so you can help reduce costs, increase productivity, stay on top of vehicle maintenance, and make the most of every business day. See driver and vehicle location in near real-time. Track driver behavior like speeding, idling and harsh driving. Reduce costs for vehicle maintenance and fuel consumption. See plans & pricing Get a demo Trusted by fleets large and small Better fleet visibility Streamlined fleet tracking gets more done with fewer resources Better fleet visibility helps you take stock of what your assets and how they are being used. Our fleet management technology such as GPS fleet tracking software can help businesses keep track of their assets while also maximizing resource utilization. See plans & pricing Get a demo Live Map See the status and activity of all your fleet vehicles High-resolution maps with smart clustering and detail on demand provide a simple yet powerful vehicle tracking solution to: Help reduce fuel consumption Provide accurate ETAs Monitor vehicle diagnostics & vehicle maintenance needs Keep tabs on your mobile workforce and equipment Prevent unauthorized out of area use ( geofencing ) See plans & pricing Get a demo Reveal only Analyze your fleet’s performance over time See important trends by team, department or across the entire fleet. Our customizable dashboards make it easy to review your progress towards KPIs or budgets, with near real-time fleet analytics provided by our GPS fleet tracking software. Learn more Get a demo Reveal only Simplify compliance with an ELD An electronic logging device (ELD) helps truck drivers manage compliance with federal regulation for recording on-duty/off-duty status and breaks. Our fleet tracking hardware connects directly to the vehicle to help improve the accuracy of hours of service (HOS) logs and reduce the likelihood of fines for missing data. Learn more Get a demo Reveal only Promote safety with driver tracking Let drivers compete for positions on the company leaderboard by driving safely, productively and efficiently. Connect driver and commercial vehicle tracking data to locate your crew and help coach them on safe driving behaviors. See plans & pricing Get a demo Driver safety Monitor driver behaviors with GPS vehicle tracker to promote safety View video clips of harsh driving events within minutes of them happening. Know how severe an event was with harsh driving classifications to help you boost driver safety and coach your drivers. Help mitigate risk and liability with unbiased footage. More about AI dashcam Reveal only Spotlight mobile app Our GPS fleet tracking mobile app allows you to take your business wherever you go. 1 View vehicles and assets on a live map , locate a driver, see vehicle activity and route history, and receive alerts on driver behaviors. Explore our apps Electric vehicle fleet tracking Easily manage your EV fleet using insightful data Get electric vehicle (EV) fleet tracking details in near real-time on a live map , including charging status, battery-level percentage and location. Set up low-battery alerts and review reports to help improve utilization of your electric vehicle fleet and sustainability efforts. See which of your internal combustion engine vehicles are best suited to be converted to EVs. More about EVs Customer support Get support when you need it To help you save time, Verizon Connect offers various support options that don’t require you to contact customer service. Easily request APIs and partner integrations online Check the status of software and apps Quickly troubleshoot GPS tracking devices See plans & pricing Get a demo Vehicle tracking solution Who is GPS fleet tracking software for? For fleet owners looking for a vehicle tracking solution that is simple to use and addresses common pain points such as high fuel costs, worker productivity, driver safety, compliance and asset security. With a range of setup options and an affordable monthly price, you can enjoy all the benefits of a powerful fleet tracking solution from one of America’s largest telematics providers. See plans & pricing Get a demo Watch it in action See how you can monitor your entire fleet at a glance. See plans & pricing Get a demo Benefits How GPS fleet tracking can help your business See plans & pricing Get a demo Empowers safer driving We help drivers make better decisions which decreases harsh driving events by 15%. Helps reduce fuel use We help decrease vehicle idling by 13% saving you money and time. Increases fleet productivity Optimized performed enables 2.5 more stops per vehicle per week. See plans & pricing Get a demo Case study Fiber Optic Solutions prioritizes safety while changing lives Their fleet management system has definitely helped us manage our fleet better, manage our assets better, make sure that we’re making wise business decision... Cliff Churchill CEO, Fibre Optic Solutions Learn how with a demo GPS fleet tracking Product features API integration Integrate with other enterprise systems, such as SAP, using standard web-based APIs (REST,SOAP etc.). Help improve the speed and accuracy of data collection for your payroll, HR and CRM solutions. Learn more Asset tracking Monitor and manage all types of mobile equipment to help improve safety, security and utilization. AEMP-compatible. Learn more Asset utilization Find out which equipment could be getting you a better return. Relocate or sell unused assets, and help improve the ROI on what you’ve got. Learn more Automated scripts Build custom workflow scripts that can be triggered based on multiple conditions. Collaboration Securely share a restricted view of your fleet activities to third parties. Set limits on what data can be seen and for how long. Ideal for work order confirmation, storm recovery or disaster response work. Custom hierarchies Set up custom­ized access and security levels to meet the needs of your organization. Create unlimited users and assign them to specific groups for easier management. Custom map overlays Show inter­active GIS data (such as power or sewer lines, land use grids or parcel data) as a map layer. Supports ESRI Shapefile, MapInfo MID/MIF, Autodesk DXF. Learn more Driver ID Find training opportunities by analyzing driver behavior over time. Each driver gets a unique key fob, required for each journey. Learn more Flexible labelling Change what things are called in the app, so it matches how you talk about your business. For example, change driver to field technician or vehicle to crane. Fuel card tracking Track fuel card usage and automatically identify suspicious transactions using smart algorithms that help identify and reduce fuel card fraud. Learn more Hours of service Set up hour tracking to manage legal driving hours and help improve the accuracy of trip scheduling to keep drivers within legal HOS limits. Learn more Integrated video View video clips of harsh driving events within minutes of them happening. Know how severe an event was with harsh driving classifications to help you coach your drivers. Help mitigate risk and liability with unbiased footage. Learn more Integrated platform approach Combine all your mobile workforce software on a single platform for improved operational efficiency and data sharing. A true end-to-end connected intelligence platform. Prompt alerts Set custom alerts for your drivers based on speeding, idling, harsh braking, and more. Want drivers to slow down in the rain or snow? Trigger a lower-limit speeding alert when the vehicle wipers are active. Learn more Route history Replay your vehicles’ route history for specific dates and follow the actual routes taken by drivers. Show specific events, such as speeding or stops, and compare drivers’ performance. Learn more Satellite view Get valuable insight on map locations with the most current and comprehensive satellite imagery commercially available. Includes both Streetside and Birds Eye views for extra detail. New images added daily. Search assets Easily find a vehicle, driver, location or tagged group using the powerful search function that automatically updates the map based on your query. Learn more Smart maintenance Generate vehicle maintenance alerts for your own service department or local dealer. Help improve the accuracy of your preventative maintenance program to control costs. Learn more Time zone/languages Go global with multiple language support, including Portuguese, Spanish, Chinese and Arabic. Tag assets to specific time zones for more accurate reporting. Trend analysis Run historical reports on up to 2 years of fleet data to uncover insightful trends, support investigations and extrapolate reliable forecasts. Cloud-based storage is regularly backed up and replicated. Learn more What happened here? Easily replay historical events to improve the speed and efficiency of internal investigations for damage claims or accidents. Verizon Connect Enterprise GPS tracking software for large fleets Organizations with hundreds or thousands of resources need more—more options, customizations, support and training. We partner with enterprise fleets to offer a GPS fleet tracking solution that works for your business. Enterprise solutions Frequently asked questions What is fleet tracking? Fleet tracking is a management system that uses GPS to monitor the activity of tracked assets (vehicles, workers, equipment). It is often referred to as vehicle tracking or AVL. The fleet is generally a collection of land-based assets such as cars, trucks, field workers and equipment (powered and unpowered e.g. trailers). Fleet tracking uses telematics technology to collect data from a fleet of assets. This data is normally collected in near real time (actively) so it is more useful for fleet managers, who use the data to make strategic decisions about operations (which vehicle should I dispatch to a new job, where is the nearest crane, how many generators do we have in the yard, has my lone worker returned from the jobsite etc). Do you have an ELD solution? Electronic Logging Devices (ELDs) have replaced paper Hours of Service (HOS) logbooks and are now legally required by commercial drivers. We offer a range of ELD solutions and have several devices certified with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA). Technology doesn’t really like me. Is GPS fleet tracking software easy to use? We work hard to make our GPS fleet tracking software is nice to look at, user friendly and focused on helping you get stuff done. When you join us, we guide you every step of the way with our new user onboarding program and access to lots of training guides if you need them. We also have local support teams who can assist you, either over the phone or via email. Yes, it’s powerful vehicle tracking system software with lots of features but it’s also designed to be quick and easy to use for anyone who just likes to ‘get in and drive.’ Will I need expensive computer hardware to run GPS fleet tracking software? No. The great thing with GPS fleet tracking software built as a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) is that all you need is a computer that can connect to the internet running a modern browser. You can even use just your Android or Apple device to access key information about your fleet vehicles and today’s jobs. Will I be checking GPS truck tracking device reports at my desk all day? Only if you want to. Our GPS fleet tracking software offers plenty of options for managers on the go, including mobile apps and alerts that go directly to your phone. You’ll have quick access to a range of key information about your fleet’s current performance, wherever your day takes you. How is your GPS fleet tracking software different from other providers? There are lots of GPS fleet tracking providers who only sell one thing. It means if you need something else for your fleet – ELD, route planning, dispatch, work order management – then you need to go through the whole selection process again and deal with another supplier. And then if you want these different solutions to talk to each other, that’s a whole other conversation. Verizon Connect is one of the few providers that can provide you with a full end-to-end platform solution that covers your mobile resource management needs now, and into the future. How will my drivers react to vehicle tracking systems? In most cases it depends on the reasons why you want to use GPS fleet tracking, and how you explain near reatime GPS trackers to them. If you want to use it to improve the efficiency, security and safety of your business, and help mobile workers to get more done, with less paperwork and phone calls, then most employees will understand that. They’ll also appreciate you’re making an effort to keep the business profitable and improving their job security. If they think it’s been done because you don’t trust them then they may not be as welcoming. What if my GPS fleet tracking needs change? We understand that as your business grows our software needs to adapt. Our flexible platform and access to the full range of mobile resource management products makes it easy to add solutions over time. Simply contact your customer success manager and discuss your new requirements. What GPS fleet tracking hardware can be supplied? We supply standard GPS fleet tracking units that are wired directly into the tracked asset, allowing the device to be hidden to help prevent tampering, as well as being compatible with vehicles or equipment that don’t have an OBD port. Free eBook 2025 Fleet Technology Trends Report Download the report to find out more about how organizations of all sizes in various industries are cutting costs, improving  productivity and getting a positive ROI with fleet management software. Download now Useful resources eBook Navigating fleet management: A buyers guide Read more eBook Asset management solutions: A buyers guide Read more Case study St. Johns County Public Works boosts efficiency and trust with Verizon Connect Read more eBook Navigating fleet management: A buyers guide Read more eBook Asset management solutions: A buyers guide Read more Case study St. Johns County Public Works boosts efficiency and trust with Verizon Connect Read more Start your journey today See plans & pricing Get a demo Watch it in action Have questions? Contact our sales team (866) 844 2235 or request a call back. Already a customer? Login here. Many services require GPS service and/or network availability; not available in all locations.