Online Video Editor - Make Videos for Free | FlexClip Major Updates Are Here — Meet AI Recreate & Auto Edit to Create 10X Faster Explore Now Templates Create Business Promo Video Real Estate Video News Video Corporate Video Trailer Video Tutorial Video Lifestyle Birthday Video Wedding Video Memorial Video Anniversary Video Music Video Travel Video Social Media YouTube Video Facebook Video Instagram Video Twitter Video TikTok Video YouTube Intro Video AI Video AI Image to Video AI Video BG Remover AI Video Generator AI Text to Video AI Auto Subtitle AI Product URL to Video AI PPT to Video AI PDF to Video Al Text-Based Editing AI 3D Photo Animation Image AI Image to Image AI Text to Image AI Image Background Remover AI Old Photo Restoration AI Object Remover AI Headshot Generator New AI Photo Editor AI Face Swap AI Image Extender AI Image Upscaler Audio AI Voice Cloning AI Video to SFX AI Music Generator AI Sound Effect AI Text to Speech Supported AI Models Sora 2 New Veo 3 New Hailuo AI Kling AI Nano Banana Pro New Nano Banana Seedream 4.0 GPT-4o Imagen 4 Flux Qwen Image Hunyuan Tools Video Video Compressor Video Converter Video Trimmer Video Merger Frame Video Reverse Video Video Effects Screen Recorder Chroma Key Freeze Frame Video Collage Speed Curve Text Add Text to Video Text Animations Add Subtitle to Video Add Text to GIF Video to Text Audio to Text Audio Audio Editor Audio Cutter Audio Converter Audio Joiner Add Music to Video Ringtone Maker Image Slideshow Maker Meme Generator GIF Maker Transparent Image Maker Photo Frame YouTube Thumbnail Maker Learn Photo & Video Editing AI Video Creator AI Image Generation Video Editing Tips Video Creation Best Video Editors Video Recording Video Capturing Best Video Recorders Video Marketing Video Marketing Tips Marketing Video Creation Social Media YouTube Facebook TikTok Instagram Video Conversion Video Format Conversion View Popular Articles Help Center Contact Us Tutorials Video Tutorials Pricing Login Sign Up Flexible Editing, Stunning Clips Create smarter and faster with AI tools and tons of resources. Create by Templates Start from Scratch TRUSTED BY Start Fast with 6000+ Templates Recommended Business Store Intro/Outro Community Sport Wedding Slideshow Marketing See All Revolutionize Video Creation with AI Tools AI Video Generator Generate videos from your prompt, article, or URL AI Text to Speech Turn text into natural-sounding voices AI Script Generate scripts for any purpose AI BG Remover Easily remove background from videos or images AI Auto Subtitle Automatically identify and generate subtitles through AI AI Translator Create multi-language videos with ease 5 Techniques for Improving Videos Generate Video Level Up Your Video Content with Rich Resources One-click Application For Commercial Use Constantly Updated 4M+ Videos & Photos 74,000+ Music & Sound Effects 1000+ Text Presets 3M+ Dynamic Elements 700+ Effects & Filters 200+ Transitions All Powerful Video Tools You Need Quickly trim, merge, reverse, and speed up or slow down your video clips Keep audiences engaged by adding text, subtitles, music, voiceover, etc. Animate the elements in the project and make your video flow. Get Started Collaborate and Share Seamlessly Collaborate with teammates to work efficiently and build branding assets. Cloud storage gives smooth access to your files and designs. Export videos up to 4K resolution and directly share to social platforms. Get Started All-in-One - Your Complete Video Solution Trim/Cut Video Add Text Add Music Reverse Video Freeze Frame Chroma Key Video Effects Record Screen Speed Curve GIF Maker Remove Background Explore More Editing Tools Trusted by Millions 5M+ registered users across diverse industries including marketing, social media, education, real estate, gaming, and more. 10M+ videos downloaded and published online, resonating with audiences and significantly expanding engagement across various platforms. 10+ years of experience in Graphics & Multimedia software development, dedicated to empowering users to create stunning artworks. 5M+ registered users across diverse industries including marketing, social media, education, real estate, gaming, and more. 10M+ videos downloaded and published online, resonating with audiences and significantly expanding engagement across various platforms. 10+ years of experience in Graphics & Multimedia software development, dedicated to empowering users to create stunning artworks. 5M+ registered users across diverse industries including marketing, social media, education, real estate, gaming, and more. 10M+ videos downloaded and published online, resonating with audiences and significantly expanding engagement across various platforms. 10+ years of experience in Graphics & Multimedia software development, dedicated to empowering users to create stunning artworks. My clients LOVE what I produce, and my friends and family adore the personal projects I've created for them using FlexClip. Client videos have yielded not only client and client-customer "wow factor" but an influx of new customers for those clients. Jamie Lyn Ross Designer Read full story Following the appearance of FlexClip, I found that sufficient AI tools and convenient video editing tools can offer great assistance in teaching. I highly recommend FlexClip because it is simple and easy to use. Students can quickly get started. The AI tools it provides are also quite sufficient. Timcat Tang Educator Read full story Given the flexibility of FlexClip, it's helped me create these videos fast and look professional. I can definitely say that using FlexClip has allowed me to create many types of videos that have helped engage on social media like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Anthony Godinho Internet Marketer Read full story In my new role as owner of Mayflower Media making book trailers for authors, I was blown away by the simple learning curve of FlexClip. Additionally, instead of searching online for royalty-free images, video, and music, excellent media is available within FlexClip making it truly a one-stop shop for creators. Amy Nielsen Author FlexClip is a powerful yet easy-to-use online video editing tool. With its extensive templates and resources, you can easily create high-quality videos! As a professional video production company and self-media worker, I strongly recommend Flexclip to you! It will be your best partner in the era of AI where video content is king! Sam Video Marketer I found FlexClip easy to use and very user-friendly as someone with a lot of video editing experience. I have no doubt that less experienced creators would benefit from the abundance of assets available, and the various templates serve as great inspiration for those looking for ideas of how to format their projects. Abi Le Guilcher Creativebloq editor FlexClip is a very simple yet capable online video maker. Its editing capabilities, although basic, are extremely well implemented, and will satisfy anyone looking to make a short video project look good, without spending too much time on it, or having much - if any - filmmaking experience. Steve Paris Techradar editor As a portrait studio owner and a novice at video editing, I highly recommend FlexClip. I've found this tool incredibly easy to use and the beautiful templates make creating stunning videos a breeze. It's a great tool to use for enhancing our clients' experiences and adding an extra touch of creativity to our marketing efforts. Angelina Elle Melendez Photographer I am absolutely blown away by FlexClip! This video creation platform is an absolute game-changer. I was able to make a professional-looking video in minutes, without any prior experience. The interface is super easy to use and the editing tools are top-notch. Highly recommend to anyone looking to make videos quickly and easily! Nick Sinclair Game designer I experienced various video editing Apps on my YouTube. FlexClip is the most easy to use video editing solution for beginners. Predominantly FlexClip AI tools  are groundbreaking and one of my favorites is AI Text to Video. FlexClip caters to different perspective persons and their preferences from beginners to professionals. Muhammad Hamza YouTuber My clients LOVE what I produce, and my friends and family adore the personal projects I've created for them using FlexClip. Client videos have yielded not only client and client-customer "wow factor" but an influx of new customers for those clients. Jamie Lyn Ross Designer Read full story Following the appearance of FlexClip, I found that sufficient AI tools and convenient video editing tools can offer great assistance in teaching. I highly recommend FlexClip because it is simple and easy to use. Students can quickly get started. The AI tools it provides are also quite sufficient. Timcat Tang Educator Read full story Given the flexibility of FlexClip, it's helped me create these videos fast and look professional. I can definitely say that using FlexClip has allowed me to create many types of videos that have helped engage on social media like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Anthony Godinho Internet Marketer Read full story In my new role as owner of Mayflower Media making book trailers for authors, I was blown away by the simple learning curve of FlexClip. Additionally, instead of searching online for royalty-free images, video, and music, excellent media is available within FlexClip making it truly a one-stop shop for creators. Amy Nielsen Author FlexClip is a powerful yet easy-to-use online video editing tool. With its extensive templates and resources, you can easily create high-quality videos! As a professional video production company and self-media worker, I strongly recommend Flexclip to you! It will be your best partner in the era of AI where video content is king! Sam Video Marketer I found FlexClip easy to use and very user-friendly as someone with a lot of video editing experience. I have no doubt that less experienced creators would benefit from the abundance of assets available, and the various templates serve as great inspiration for those looking for ideas of how to format their projects. Abi Le Guilcher Creativebloq editor FlexClip is a very simple yet capable online video maker. Its editing capabilities, although basic, are extremely well implemented, and will satisfy anyone looking to make a short video project look good, without spending too much time on it, or having much - if any - filmmaking experience. Steve Paris Techradar editor As a portrait studio owner and a novice at video editing, I highly recommend FlexClip. I've found this tool incredibly easy to use and the beautiful templates make creating stunning videos a breeze. It's a great tool to use for enhancing our clients' experiences and adding an extra touch of creativity to our marketing efforts. Angelina Elle Melendez Photographer I am absolutely blown away by FlexClip! This video creation platform is an absolute game-changer. I was able to make a professional-looking video in minutes, without any prior experience. The interface is super easy to use and the editing tools are top-notch. Highly recommend to anyone looking to make videos quickly and easily! Nick Sinclair Game designer I experienced various video editing Apps on my YouTube. FlexClip is the most easy to use video editing solution for beginners. Predominantly FlexClip AI tools  are groundbreaking and one of my favorites is AI Text to Video. FlexClip caters to different perspective persons and their preferences from beginners to professionals. Muhammad Hamza YouTuber My clients LOVE what I produce, and my friends and family adore the personal projects I've created for them using FlexClip. Client videos have yielded not only client and client-customer "wow factor" but an influx of new customers for those clients. Jamie Lyn Ross Designer Read full story Following the appearance of FlexClip, I found that sufficient AI tools and convenient video editing tools can offer great assistance in teaching. I highly recommend FlexClip because it is simple and easy to use. Students can quickly get started. The AI tools it provides are also quite sufficient. Timcat Tang Educator Read full story Given the flexibility of FlexClip, it's helped me create these videos fast and look professional. I can definitely say that using FlexClip has allowed me to create many types of videos that have helped engage on social media like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Anthony Godinho Internet Marketer Read full story In my new role as owner of Mayflower Media making book trailers for authors, I was blown away by the simple learning curve of FlexClip. Additionally, instead of searching online for royalty-free images, video, and music, excellent media is available within FlexClip making it truly a one-stop shop for creators. Amy Nielsen Author FlexClip is a powerful yet easy-to-use online video editing tool. With its extensive templates and resources, you can easily create high-quality videos! As a professional video production company and self-media worker, I strongly recommend Flexclip to you! It will be your best partner in the era of AI where video content is king! Sam Video Marketer I found FlexClip easy to use and very user-friendly as someone with a lot of video editing experience. I have no doubt that less experienced creators would benefit from the abundance of assets available, and the various templates serve as great inspiration for those looking for ideas of how to format their projects. Abi Le Guilcher Creativebloq editor FlexClip is a very simple yet capable online video maker. Its editing capabilities, although basic, are extremely well implemented, and will satisfy anyone looking to make a short video project look good, without spending too much time on it, or having much - if any - filmmaking experience. Steve Paris Techradar editor As a portrait studio owner and a novice at video editing, I highly recommend FlexClip. I've found this tool incredibly easy to use and the beautiful templates make creating stunning videos a breeze. It's a great tool to use for enhancing our clients' experiences and adding an extra touch of creativity to our marketing efforts. Angelina Elle Melendez Photographer I am absolutely blown away by FlexClip! This video creation platform is an absolute game-changer. I was able to make a professional-looking video in minutes, without any prior experience. The interface is super easy to use and the editing tools are top-notch. Highly recommend to anyone looking to make videos quickly and easily! Nick Sinclair Game designer I experienced various video editing Apps on my YouTube. FlexClip is the most easy to use video editing solution for beginners. Predominantly FlexClip AI tools  are groundbreaking and one of my favorites is AI Text to Video. FlexClip caters to different perspective persons and their preferences from beginners to professionals. Muhammad Hamza YouTuber Rated 4.3 with 2000+ reviews Rated 4.4 with 260+ reviews Rated 4.7 with 100+ reviews Latest Articles Your journey to stunning videos begins here Start Now Enjoy AI Tools on the undefined with FlexPix or try AI tools online FlexClip is a simple yet powerful video maker and editor for everyone. We help users easily create compelling video content for personal or business purposes without any learning curve. English English Español Português Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 繁體中文 简体中文 Bahasa Indonesia اللغة العربية Copyright © 2025 PearlMountain USE FLEXCLIP FOR Promo Video Marketing Video News Video Trailer Video Intro Video Wedding Video Lyric Video Birthday Video Invitation Video Slideshow Maker Video Editor Movie Maker View More TOOLS AI Text to Speech AI Auto Subtitle AI Text to Video Screen Recorder All Tools RESOURCES Blog Case Studies Compare Category Templates Stock Video Features SUPPORT Help Center Contact Us Tutorials Video Tutorials COMPANY About Updates Affiliate Partner Press Kit Pricing Education Discount Privacy