Manage hybrid IT spend and risk: ITAM, SaaS, FinOps and more | Flexera Skip to main content Menu Search Main navigation Solutions Column 1 Business challenge Software renewals and audits Software license management and optimization SaaS spend management Cloud cost management IT asset lifecycle management CMDB data quality Accurate IT inventory Security and regulatory risk management Sustainable IT AI-powered transformation Public sector Column 2 Spend management by vendor IBM Oracle Microsoft SAP VMware ServiceNow AWS Salesforce BMC Adobe Flexera is a Leader in 2025 cloud financial management tools Discover recognized CFM vendors to watch in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ View Report Products Column 1 Flexera One IT Visibility ITAM Snow Atlas Cloud License Management SaaS Management Column 2 Hide group FinOps Cloud Cost Optimization Cloud Commitment Management Container Optimization Virtual Machine Optimization Column 3 Hide group Application Readiness Security Integrations Technology Intelligence Platform All products Introducing Flexera One SaaS Management Discover comprehensive SaaS visibility for taming SaaS sprawl, wasted spend and compliance risks Book your personalized demo Success Column 1 Customer success Services and training Services Training Support Flexera support portal Flexera product documentation Snow product documentation Column 2 Hide group Technology Intelligence Awards Flexera community 2025 Technology Intelligence Awards The results are in—see how our 2025 winners and honorable mentions are shaping the future of Technology Intelligence. See the winners Resources Column 1 Resources Webinars Videos Datasheets White papers & reports Column 2 Hide group Blog Case studies Events Analyst Research Glossary Demos & trials Business value calculator Flexera 2026 IT Priorities Report AI ROI, sustainability, cost and risk: Discover the latest IT trends shaping tomorrow’s IT landscape in Flexera’s 2026 IT Priorities Report. View report About Column 1 Company About Careers Contact us Leadership Partners Partner program Partner locator Column 2 Press center Press releases Awards Articles Hide group Social responsibility ESG Belonging and inclusion The Flexera 2025 State of the Cloud Report How are GenAI, rising cloud costs, security and sustainability shaping your cloud strategies in 2025? View Report External Links Customers Community Product login Partner Portal Search Book a demo Optimize your SaaS, ITAM, cloud, software, AI, containers and data center SaaS spend ITAM strategy cloud costs software portfolio AI spend container strategy data center efficiency SaaS spend Balancing cost, minimizing risk and maximizing the business value of your technology is no easy feat. We help you save on your technology investments, ensure your technology spend aligns with business goals, simplify complex contracts and licensing, monitor resource usage and optimize your entire tech stack. Book a demo See it in action Flexera One, a unified platform to unlock technology value and drive business impact Most vendors separate ITAM, SaaS and FinOps—creating silos, inefficiencies and risk. Flexera One provides market-leading capabilities across these silos in one platform, giving you complete visibility and control to optimize spend, reduce risk and accelerate outcomes. Previous Next ITAM Streamline your ITAM and gain full visibility into your software and hardware assets with Flexera's ITAM solutions. By automating inventory, compliance and cost optimization, we ensure you're only paying for what you need, reducing waste and maximizing ROI. Our in-depth use rights analytics, product usage data and actionable insights allow you to make informed decisions, stay compliant and drive efficiency across your IT environment. Get in touch SaaS Optimize your SaaS investments with complete visibility over usage, costs and compliance. With automated discovery and intelligent analytics, you can identify underutilized subscriptions, rationalize your application portfolio, negotiate better contracts, find shadow SaaS and ensure your SaaS ecosystem aligns with business needs. We make it easy to manage and maximize the value of your SaaS portfolio. Talk with an expert FinOps The cloud offers agility and enables rapid innovation, but you need the right tools to allocate costs, build forecasts and budgets, and optimize usage and rates in order to tie spending to real business outcomes. Flexera One FinOps gives you deep visibility, actionable recommendations and policy-based automation to help you maximize the value of your cloud investments. Get started IT Visibility Gain control of IT risk and improve progress towards sustainability initiatives. With automated discovery, normalization and asset enrichment, you can quickly see where you have tech debt, vulnerabilities and end-of-life assets to mitigate and populate your CMDB with real-time clean data. Chat with an expert Trusted by the world’s leading companies Find out why Flexera 2026 IT Priorities Report AI ROI, sustainability, cost and risk: Discover the latest IT trends shaping tomorrow’s IT landscape in Flexera’s 2026 IT Priorities Report. View report Flexera 2025 State of ITAM Report Discover the latest insights to optimize spend, reduce risk and keep up with the dynamic and evolving IT landscape. Get the report Technology Intelligence Platform Backed by the highest-fidelity technology data in the market Our solutions are built on the foundation of our next-generation data and analytics platform, Technology Intelligence Platform . This cloud-native, API-first, scalable “system of insight” solves critical problems requiring converged data. Powered by Technopedia , the world’s most complete IT product catalog, we ensure unmatched accuracy in discovery, normalization and decision-making. Navigating AI AI without visibility is a liability Flexera powers agentic and autonomous AI across your enterprise. While others may promise dashboards, we deliver contextual, AI-driven recommendations and actions across IT, finance and procurement. This makes us the ideal partner for customers deploying agentic AI, FinOps automation, AI spend management or ITSM augmentation. Learn more about Flexera's AI capabilities Don’t just take our word for it Real success stories solving real-world problems Carlsberg increased efficiency and saved $400,000 within the first year. Learn more View all stories Remote video URL Flexera gives me the necessary data quality to provide the financial transparency and overview required in a global software lifecycle management department. Image Melanie Nash Senior Software Contract Manager, Carlsberg Flexera One helps Northern Trust advance strategic business goals. Learn more View all stories Remote video URL With business adapters sharing data between the tools that drive the engine of these four disciplines, each  set of stakeholders is assured the data they’re using is accurate and consistent across business units. Image Jeffrey West Senior Vice President, Technology Business Management, Northern Trust AstraZeneca saves $2M in one year with Flexera. Learn more View all stories Remote video URL Flexera’s [App Broker] and FlexNet Manager Suite have enabled us to proactively maintain license compliance, streamline service delivery and significantly improve the user experience. The new AZ SoftwareStore has delivered annual labor savings of nearly $2 million. Simplification has really driven results and delivered valuable time and cost savings back to the business. Global Software Asset Management Lead AstraZeneca Image Sasol saves $34M with SAM from Flexera. See how See more stories Remote video URL By providing visibility of assets and software utilization on a global scale, we could deliver better quality management information more rapidly than before, mitigating business risk and enabling data-driven decisions. Cobie Nel Senior Specialist, License and Asset Management, Sasol Industry insights Resources to help you stay a step ahead Report Flexera 2026 IT Priorities Report AI ROI, sustainability, cost and risk: Discover the latest IT trends shaping tomorrow’s IT landscape in Flexera’s 2026 IT Priorities Report. Industry Report The 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SaaS Management Platforms Flexera is a Leader for SMPs. Get your copy and see which SaaS management vendors to watch. Industry Report Flexera is a Leader in 2025 cloud financial management tools Discover recognized CFM vendors to watch in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report The Flexera 2025 State of the Cloud Report How are GenAI, rising cloud costs, security and sustainability shaping your cloud strategies in 2025? Awards 2025 Technology Intelligence Awards The results are in—see how our 2025 winners and honorable mentions are shaping the future of Technology Intelligence. Webinar Cost. Risk. Regulation. The IT priorities for 2026 and what to do about them Discover key IT priorities for 2026: managing AI ROI, cloud costs and regulatory compliance. Register to get expert insights on turning risk into strategic advantage. Let’s get started Our team is standing by to discuss your requirements and deliver a demo of our industry-leading platform. Book a demo Chat with an expert Frequently asked questions Trusted answers for your technology questions How can I optimize my IT spend? Managing your sprawling hybrid IT portfolio creates a unique challenge when overseeing the associated spend. We help you gain visibility and use actionable insights to improve your ROI by maximizing usage of existing resources across your cloud, SaaS, containers, desktop and data center. How can I identify unknown, vulnerable, unused or obsolete assets in my IT environment? When you’re unable to identify unknown, vulnerable, unused or obsolete software and hardware, you incur tech debt and create security or compliance risks—and that can cause major issues for your organization. With Flexera, you can proactively manage software vulnerability and obsolescence risk in your IT environment, prioritize remediation of end-of-life and vulnerable technology, and enable business transformation and modernization. What can I do about shadow IT? You can’t manage what you can’t see—and shadow IT causes wasted time, inconsistent business approaches, wasted investments, inefficiencies, and a higher incidence of compliance and security risk. With Flexera, shine a light on shadow IT activity across software, SaaS (including generative AI applications), cloud, containers and more. Reduce the operational expense of your tech investments, select and fund revenue-increasing initiatives and increase the success rate of initiatives like cloud migration, data center consolidation and IT transformation. How can I rein in unbudgeted spending? If you’re not proactively calculating your license positions and IT spend, your organization is at risk for unbudgeted true-up expenses and audits. Plus, with the explosion of cloud, you may struggle with runaway costs and out-of-balance spending. Flexera offers a unique approach to your organization’s hybrid ITAM and FinOps journey that enables IT, operations, procurement, cloud centers of excellence, enterprise architects and FinOps teams to work collaboratively with business units and resource owners to gain visibility and identify areas of savings opportunities. How can I identify and remediate waste? Wasted spend across desktop, data center, SaaS and IaaS/PaaS remains high among enterprises, around an average 20-30%*. Flexera helps you see the technology you’re using, so you can eliminate unused subscriptions and rationalize applications and vendors based on trusted, actionable data. With Flexera, you get the insights you need to purchase only the technology necessary. *Source: Flexera 2025 State of ITAM Report How can I gain control over cloud costs? Without proper governance of your cloud instances, you run the risk of compliance issues and could end up with surprising or costly bills. With Flexera, you get a standard approach to managing, optimizing and scaling your cloud environment responsibly, including spend approvals and automated governance. Flexera is also a member of the FinOps Foundation and its technology is enabled to deliver capabilities to keep you at the forefront of cloud financial management best practices. What can I do about my unreliable CMDB data? Getting accurate information on your IT environment has proven to be difficult with your current CMDB data. With Flexera, you can clean, normalize, standardize and enrich your data automatically. Using curated content from Technopedia, the world’s largest and most comprehensive technology data reference catalog, enhance your CMDB data and discover complete, accurate details on your technology environment. How do I determine the environmental impact of my IT footprint? You need to regularly report on environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives, but you lack the visibility and understanding of how your IT environment is driving sustainability initiatives. Flexera provides critical insights on carbon emissions, hardware power ratings, energy consumption and asset lifecycles including end of life or support data so you can accurately report on your IT sustainability position. Footer Menu Column Business challenge Software renewals and audits Software license management and optimization SaaS spend management Cloud cost management IT asset lifecycle management CMDB data quality Accurate IT inventory Security and regulatory risk management Sustainable IT AI-powered transformation Public sector Column Spend management by vendor IBM Oracle Microsoft SAP VMware ServiceNow AWS Salesforce BMC Adobe Column Products Flexera One Snow Atlas Application Readiness Security Integrations All products Column Company About Careers Contact us Contact support Leadership Media / press center Revenera.com +1.800.374.4353 en English Deutsch © 2025 Flexera. All Rights Reserved. Footer Privacy policy Terms and conditions Impressum Site map × ...