Flinders University - Adelaide, South Australia - Flinders University  Staff Students Library Study Study areas Business Computer science and information technology Creative arts and media Criminology Defence and national security Education Engineering Environment Health Humanities and social sciences International relations and political science Languages Law Medicine Nursing and midwifery Psychology Science Social work Sport uʍop-ǝpᴉsdn ǝɥꓕ I am... a high school student a non-school leaver a future honours student a future postgraduate student a future research student a future online student a future Indigenous student an international student a parent a school counsellor/teacher Explore Admission pathways Apply Contact us Study International study areas Business Creative arts Education Engineering Environment Government Health sciences Humanities Information technology Law Medicine Nursing Psychology Public health Science Social sciences Social work International websites China Vietnam Explore Flinders Apply Contact us Research Research areas Engineering and technology Health and medical People and society Science, environment and natural resources Emerging research - Defence Fearless Research Research creating a better world I am... a potential collaborator a researcher a potential research student a current research student Research@Flinders Institutes and centres Partner with us Participate Research Research areas Engineering and technology Health and medical People and society Science, environment and natural resources Emerging research - Defence Fearless Research Research creating a better world I am... a potential collaborator a researcher a potential research student a current research student Research@Flinders Institutes and centres Partner with us Participate Engage I want to... Engage with us Connect with students Locate a clinic Book a campus venue Find a tender Give to Flinders Work at Flinders Participate in a research study See what's on Shop Flinders merchandise Register as a contractor Explore Indigenous education Related links Flinders New Venture Institute Alumni Health2Go Flinders University Museum of Art Flinders One Sport and Fitness Business and government Community Culture International Alumni I want to... Join an Alumni network Establish an Alumni network Share a memory Access career services Order a transcript Give to Flinders Update my details Find a classmate Shop Flinders merchandise Our alumni Benefits and services Get involved Stay connected Giving Donate today Donate online Donate via post (PDF) Donate via phone +61 8 8201 3721 Ways to give Donate to the greatest need Give in memory or celebration. Leave a donation in your Will Give a cultural gift Giving from overseas Join staff workplace giving Get involved Donate to Why give Our donors About The 2025 agenda Vision and mission Our strategic plan Our values and ethos Flinders Village Festival Plaza Governance and leadership University Council Chancellor Vice-Chancellor Our organisation Colleges Library Professional services Staff directory Sustainability at Flinders Thriving @ Flinders Impact rankings Campus and locations Bedford Park Tonsley City Campus Flinders in the NT Health and Medical Research Building Fast facts History Structure Contact us Staff Students Library I am a Domestic Student I am an International Student You have no saved courses. Continue to explore your course options. Explore our courses Your saved courses {{{courseName}}} mail_outline delete View all saved courses I am an International Student I am not a citizen of Australia or New Zealand Switch to International I am a Domestic Student I am an Australian or New Zealand Citizen I am an Australian Permanent Resident (including Humanitarian Visa holders) Switch to Domestic Quick links  Current students Staff Library Flinders Online Flinders dashboard (Okta) Ask Flinders Parking Campus map: Bedford Park Staff directory Jobs at Flinders Shop Flinders merchandise  Toggle navigation  THEY SAY GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE. WE SAY THE GREATEST ONES DON’T. Find your course Discover more They say know your place. We say you’ve found it right here. Flinders University was founded on the belief that learning should open minds, celebrate individuality and give people the freedom to pursue their own point of view . That spirit lives on in our community of thinkers, doers and changemakers who challenge convention, and each other, to shape what comes next. More about Flinders Find your course 2026 applications open - experience #1 student support at a top 2% global university. Midyear entry  VIEWING DOMESTIC INTERNATIONAL Business Computer science and IT Creative arts and media Criminology Defence and national security Education Engineering Environment Health Humanities and social sciences International relations and political science Languages Law Medicine Nursing and midwifery Psychology Science Social Work Sport View all courses Not sure yet? Take a quiz My Career Match Discover your personality style and explore careers that highlight your strengths. Start the quiz > Impact rankings Flinders’ values of fairness, inclusion and equity have been recognised globally. Read more > Wicked Problems We asked 30,000 Australians across the nation which problems matter most. Read more > 2025 alumni award winners Acknowledging the significant contributions made by our graduates to the community, the University or within their chosen field. See all the winners > Change lives. Shape the future. Donate today to empower our students to reach their potential and our researchers to create knowledge and solutions that will change lives and create a better future. Learn more > Flinders Business School Flinders Business School sets a new benchmark for practical, industry-connected business education grounded in technology and social impact - with the choice to study at Bedford Park, in the City, or 100% online. Discover Flinders Business School > Previous Next Previous Next Student stories Whether they’ve stepped straight from high school into university, have returned to study later in life or are taking their careers further with postgraduate study, our students are at the heart of everything we do. Aria Asher Samuel Arabella “I love how welcoming Flinders is. Anywhere you go there is always support.” Aria Bradley Bachelor of Medical Science “My teachers are really personable. They’re always waiting after class to see if anyone wants to talk to them. They always want to know your name and get to know you.” Asher Havercroft Bachelor of Arts (majoring in Psychology) “If you’re looking for an environment where you can learn, you can be challenged and you can go in lots of different directions, Flinders is the place for you.” Samuel Doering PhD Student “I love that there’s a plethora of different careers you can go into and can apply your skills to.” Arabella Somido Bachelor of Science (Marine Biology) Life at Flinders Life at Flinders is supportive, inclusive and driven by community . You’ll meet like-minded students and discover plenty of clubs and events to help make your uni experience fun and engaging. Campuses Flinders Bedford Park is perfect for study or chill sessions. City Campus is all about the city vibe, and Tonsley campus is always buzzing. Campuses Campus events Get involved, get informed or get ready for fun. There’s always something happening at Flinders. Events Student support Flinders supports you at every step. Explore enrolment support, academic, health and wellbeing, financial, career, employability support and more. Support Clubs From sports to spiritual, community to cultural, there’s a club that’s perfect for you. Explore and join! Clubs Learn it. Live it. Work it. We partner with industry to turn learning into real-world experience. Our Work Integrated Learning programs get you work ready. Find out more Research that matters At Flinders University, we are dedicated to finding solutions to complex challenges with research that matters. We listen, collaborate and connect the right expertise - working with government, industry and communities to create knowledge and deliver impact where it matters most. Research impact Discover how Flinders research is shaping healthier communities, a vibrant and fairer society, a resilient nation and a sustainable world. Stories Our institutes, centres and hubs Flinders brings together bold thinkers and diverse expertise to drive collaborative, innovative and impactful solutions. Explore Partner with us Unlock world-class research expertise, cutting-edge facilities, and collaborative opportunities that build your capability, solve complex challenges, and deliver real-world impact. Collaborate Study a PhD Whether you want to explore a topic that interests you in-depth, create new knowledge or become an expert in your field. Make a difference Explore research at Flinders Ready to find your course? We'll help you get started. Undergraduate study ATAR isn’t everything. There’s more than one way to start study at Flinders. Learn Postgraduate study Looking to take your next career steps? Explore pathways to postgraduate study. Explore Short courses Looking to upskill? A short course could help you take your next career step. Upskill News More news More news stories > * Flinders is ranked in the top 2% of universities in the world (THE World University Rankings 2026 as a percentage of the total number of universities in the world according to the International Association of Universities) ^ Ranked #1 in SA for learning resources, overall experience, skills development, student support, teaching quality and graduate salary (The Good Universities Guide 2026, public SA-founded universities only (undergraduate)) † Ranked #1 in SA for full-time employment (The Good Universities Guide 2026, public SA-founded universities only (postgraduate)) Sturt Rd, Bedford Park South Australia 5042 South Australia | Northern Territory Global | Online Information for Future students Alumni Media Business and community Current students Staff External contractors Directories Contact us Campus and locations Staff directory Colleges Library Research Institutes and Centres Follow Flinders Website feedback Disclaimer Accessibility Privacy CRICOS Provider: 00114A      TEQSA Provider ID: PRV12097      TEQSA category: Australian University Last Updated: 12 Dec 2025 This website uses cookies Flinders University uses cookies to ensure website functionality, personalisation and a variety of purposes as set out in its website privacy statement . This statement explains cookies and their use by Flinders. If you consent to the use of our cookies then please click the button below: Accept all cookies and continue If you do not consent to the use of all our cookies then please click the button below. Clicking this button will result in all cookies being rejected except for those that are required for essential functionality on our website. Reject all non-essential cookies and continue