Online Flipbook Maker - Create Interactive Flipbooks | Flipsnack Deutsch Français Español Português Nederlands Italiano Why Flipsnack? Overview Product Overview Explore Flipsnack. Transform boring PDFs into engaging digital flipbooks. Share, engage, and track performance in the same platform. For public sharing For private sharing Solutions Marketing Sales Internal communication Education Employee benefits Industries Real estate Retail Wholesale Finance Medical Travel Non Profit Features Design Tool Interactivity Branding Collaboration Statistics Shopping List SSO Flipbook Type Make with Flipsnack From magazines to catalogs or private internal documents, you can make any page-flip publication look stunning with Flipsnack. Magazines Catalogs Brochures Flyers Booklets Menus Lookbooks Newspapers Guides Reports Business proposals Portfolios Presentations Event programs View all Examples Check out examples from our customers. Digital magazines, zines, ebooks, booklets, flyers & more. View all Resources Learn Blog Help Center Flipsnack Academy Flipbook Hub Catalog Hub More resources Templates Start from ready-made templates Customer Stories Estée Lauder Electrolux Melissa & Doug Newell Brands Pineywoods Benefits See all stories What Customers Say Flipsnack Reviews Featured Reads PDF vs. digital flipbooks Here are eight reasons why you should consider choosing interactive, digital flipbooks instead of boring and static PDFs. Check them out! Examples Enterprise Pricing Sign in Contact sales Sign up for free Deutsch Français Español Português Nederlands Italiano Sign in Contact sales Sign up for free Create a stunning flipbook online Flipsnack helps you create, share, and track digital flipbooks instantly. From static to dynamic PDFs by adding a page flip animation to any catalog, brochure, or magazine. Make a flip book online using our advanced digital flipbook maker. Make a flipbook Watch demo Upload your files Drag & drop the PDF or Upload PDF Generating preview, please wait... Your flipbook link will appear here after publishing Publish now Customize - Edit your flipbook appearance, add your brand logo, colors and more... × Trusted by the world’s most innovative businesses What is a flipbook? A flipbook is an interactive HTML5 publication that recreates the page turning effect of a printed book that’s easy-to-read on any device. A few examples of digital flipbooks are: catalogs, magazines, brochures, booklets, and any other digital publication that has that page flip effect. An online flipbook is easily shared through a direct link, via email, or privately with a selected audience. And lastly, offers the option to track how your audience interacts with each flip book you share. Upload PDF Convert PDF to flipbook online to get a professional attractive page flip effect, easily. Upload PDF Design it here Make an entire flipbook design from scratch, using our intuitive integrated design tool. Start designing Meet Flipsnack: the #1 flipbook maker on the market Flipsnack has been around since 2011, helping millions of people create a long-lasting impression through interactive flipbooks with the most comprehensive options you can find within an online flipbook maker. We are committed to showing value to large and small businesses alike, so that when they think about making a flipbook online, they think of Flipsnack first. Meet Flipsnack, the #1 Flipbook Maker How to make a digital flipbook online Add a professional interactive page flip effect to your PDF with the 3D flipbook animation. Turn PDF into flipbook 1. Upload PDF Start by uploading the PDF to Flipsnack and transform it into a PDF flipbook in seconds. Alternatively, you can design your publication from scratch or personalize a pre-made template in Flipsnack’s Design Studio. 2. Enhance PDF Customize your PDF with effective PDF document enrichment methods: links, videos, slideshows or adjust the settings of the flip book player, including colors and other branding elements. 3. Publish & Share Choose between public and private, then publish and share the PDF flipbook on social media, email, your website or anywhere else you wish. Shared interactive flipbooks are mobile friendly, and can be accessed from any device. Download the animated flipbook or export your design as PDF. 4. Analyze Track your dynamic PDF once shared through an online flipbook maker. Access insights such as clicks, average time spent reading your PDF flipbook, as well as places and sources from where it was accessed. View a detailed report for every page of your flipbook, or access in-depth insights with Google Analytics. Why Flipsnack’s flipbook maker is the choice of many professionals Product catalogs Promotional materials Private documents Sales & training materials Educational materials Employee benefits Interactive product catalogs help engage with customers wherever they are, and cut down on production and distribution costs. Enhance your product presentations with videos, product tags, and slideshows to set your brand apart. Use digital catalogs to track customers' experience with statistics. Flipsnack is a catalyst in the transition to a more sustainable business. It combines the feeling that a paper catalog gives with interactive and easy-to-use multimedia features that take the user experience to the next level. Fabiola Vidal Digital Marketing Product Owner Read story Adapt your marketing strategy to the fast paced and rapidly changing audience needs and interests with interactive PDF brochures and other promotional materials you create. Captivate potential clients more effectively and track how they interact with everything you share. Flipsnack is built for interaction. It can easily deal with external videos, iFrames, mp3s, and so more. It’s just brilliant. I love using it, and our teams are amazed by the level of interaction. Korben Niblett Director, Education & Content Development Read story Solve the engagement challenge regarding your employees with interactive PDF newsletters and access statistics to keep track of their interests. Keep internal corporate documents or employee benefits guide packages private through password protection, or SSO sharing. Make any necessary updates under the same responsive link. Flipsnack has been a great tool for our HR Team’s communication needs. Their range of wonderful security options for our documents was the #1 selling point! Alisha VanTiem Sr. Benefits Administrator Read story Provide captivating training sessions for employees with PDF engagement features: training videos, links, pop-ups for more information. Track who completes each training and the time spent on a document. Support your sales team in closing more deals in less time with dynamic PDF sales presentations created in Flipsnack. To say that using Flipsnack has been a success is an understatement. We’ve seen an increase in knowledge and engagement–which is strictly due to Flipsnack! Our training content has never been more organized and easy to access. Korben Niblett Director, Education & Content Development Read story Flipsnack is an effective marketing tool for universities and colleges, plus a facilitator of internal communication with teachers, alumni, and parents. Alternatively, teachers can host all their class courses on an online flipbook maker, so students can easily access them from anywhere. With Flipsnack, we are able to share our printed school calendar in a digital format with all staff. Our Wycliffe Foundation office also uses Flipsnack to share their online magazine with the whole school community and the Old Wycliffians - our alumni students. Mr. B Ittyavirah Director of IT Read story Modern employee benefits administration offers better support for each client in the form of easily accessible packages as links, and instant updates in real-time. Insurance teams can collaborate together in the same space, share guides or booklets privately and track their performance. Most of my clients thought we spent hours and days creating the Flipbooks when in fact it only took minutes to upload a PDF. I have now built out templated guides with several versions of each. Now when a new client comes on I just have to add a customized cover page and change fonts and colors to match my client's branding standards. Jeffrey Lenderman Principal and Lead Consultant Read story Experience the full power of Flipsnack Engage with interactions Flipsnack is not just a flipbook software, it also has an integrated Design tool where you can add videos, GIFs, slideshows, internal and external links, or even lead forms. Include 3rd party content to your online flipbook animation like maps, house tours, or surveys for optimal engagement. Sell directly from your catalog Add a shopping list to your product catalog and allow customers to create order lists fast while browsing. Then, they send you the list via email and you will easily be able to keep track of orders in this manner. Create a simple and quick buying experience for your customers. Brand your flip books Showcase your brand on every page flip publication to stay consistent wherever you share it. As you are making a flipbook online, personalize it with custom colors, your logo, and remove all Flipsnack branding from your online flipbook. Include your custom domain for fully branded flipbooks, every time. Share publicly Distribute the online flip book link on all channels: social media, chat groups, your intranet, emails, or via a QR code. Embed the interactive flip book on your website or blog to enjoy maximum exposure on any promotional material you create. Use advanced tracking Track results with our flipbook app’s statistics to learn what drives engagement. Insights such as number of clicks, avg. reading time, and views impact your flipbook content strategy instantly. For more in-depth statistics, integrate Google Analytics to your Flipsnack account. Consolidate team collaboration Improve workspace collaboration when making a flipping book online and guide your team towards the same goal. Manage projects, invite teammates, and assign different roles. Leave notes directly on flipbooks, and ensure brand consistency with the right shared assets. Protect and secure digital flipbooks Control the desired level of privacy for your flipping book with SSO sharing, password protection, or unlisted. Set your profile private to protect all the PDF flipbooks you publish with a digital flipbook maker. Create accessible flip books Make and publish accessible digital flip books so that everyone can read your publications online. Allow your content to be available to visually impaired people with Flipsnack’s accessibility integration . Choose a flipbook software that scales with you, as your business grows For individuals You get all the tools you need to create, enhance, distribute, brand and track your flip books online. Advanced privacy settings Interactive videos, audio, tags and more Statistics and Google Analytics Sharing options Branding: colors, fonts, logo, URLs Upgrade For teams Bring your team in the same brand space and remain in control of who can edit any detail of your flipbooks. Multiple workspaces Roles and permissions SSO (Single Sign On) Teammates & activity logs Brand assets & control for teams Contact sales Need inspiration? Browse through real flipbook examples See how our users create PDF animations with Flipsnack’s advanced flipbook software. The page flip effect works wonders for any type of publication, from digital catalogs to magazines, brochures and any other interactive flipbooks you want to make. Flipbooks Catalogs Magazines Brochures Booklets There is a variety of flipbook templates available in our flip book animation software, from newspapers to internal and external newsletters, reports or business presentations. Create stunning publications in minutes using these professional pre-made interactive flipbook templates. With these catalog examples, you get a head start in knowing what interactive elements to use for your products or services. Upload or create engaging product catalogs, easy to update under the same link. Digital magazines are created on a variety of subjects from fashion to sports, or tech. Flip through the magazine cover examples for valuable practices that you can apply to your own digital magazine. Go beyond the traditional printed brochure layouts by seeing the amount of interactive content other businesses have created with the help of digital brochures. Offer a captivating reading experience for your audience. Traditional communication of information is not enough in this increasingly digital workplace era. Flipsnack’s insurance agents, marketers, and retailers alike create digital booklets that can be easily shared and tracked using just one platform. See more examples Discover more about online flipbooks on the Flipsnack blog Head over to our blog to learn about the history of flipbooks , how to convert PDF to a flipbook , how to make a flipbook from scratch , or a handful of advantages that flip books bring to your business . The biggest difference between a PDF and a flipbook is how easily you can track how your audience engages with the digital content. Frequently asked questions 1. Is Flipsnack free to use? Yes, Flipsnack offers a free plan, though it comes with certain limitations. Additionally, you can try a 14-day free trial to explore most of the premium features. Whether you're creating engaging flipbooks for marketing materials, internal communications, employee benefits administration, or sales processes, you can experience firsthand the value Flipsnack brings to your workflow. 2. Is Flipsnack safe and reliable? Flipsnack is a highly regarded flipbook software by many giant companies like Electrolux, Discovery Channel, Estee Lauder, Pandora. It has all the necessary security protocols audited, verified, and updated. To name a few, we are talking about ISO 9001, ISO 27001, and Flipsnack is GDPR compliant, offering the sort of data security you can count on. 3. Is Flipsnack accessible? Flipsnack prioritizes and values accessibility on a high level. This is why Flipsnack’s flipbooks are fully compliant with the latest regulations, making it the first digital flipbook software that offers online access to all readers. In our platform, you can create accessible content adhering to the WCAG principles and complying with ADA and Section 508. 4. How easy is it and how long does it take to create a flipbook with Flipsnack? Flipsnack’s tool is the fastest PDF to flipbook converter on the market. Creating a flipping book from a PDF takes just a few minutes, even for larger PDFs with hundreds of pages. It’s incredibly easy to enhance your flipbook with interactions, and then it’s ready to be shared instantly. 5. Can you create a flipbook from scratch with Flipsnack? Yes, you can easily create flipbooks from scratch with Flipsnack’s Design Studio . You have the option to completely freestyle your design or choose one of the thousands editable templates created by our graphic designers. Each of these two options makes it very easy to drag and drop elements into your design in a matter of seconds. 6. How to make a PDF flip like a book? If you want to mimic the page flip of a printed copy, you need a digital flipbook maker. Flipsnack, for example, allows you to upload a PDF (or multiple PDFs) and convert them into a flip book. Create your own flip book to impress your readers with the page flip effect. 7. How to convert PDF to flipbook for free? Flipsnack offers a 14-day free trial to first time users, so you can convert PDF to flipbook for free. Making a flipbook online involves just two steps: first, upload your PDF and then convert it into a flipbook in minutes. Create an engaging flipbook online Try our online flipbook app free for 14 days. No credit card required. Turn PDF into flipbook Company About us Terms Privacy Contact Security Accessibility Cookie settings Resources Pricing Developers Status page Blog Help Flipsnack Academy Products Design Studio Bookshelf Apps iOS Android Solutions For marketers For business Collaboration For education Uses Discover Examples Templates Search Flipsnack vs Competition Flipsnack Reviews Flipsnack vs Issuu Flipsnack vs Flippingbook Flipsnack vs FlipHTML5 Flipsnack vs Publuu Flipsnack vs Heyzine The online flipbook maker Flipsnack © Copyright 2025 - All rights reserved. This website uses cookies The cookies we use on Flipsnack's website help us provide a better experience for you, track how our website is used, and show you relevant advertising. If you want to learn more about the cookies we're using, make sure to check our Cookie policy Essentials Always active We use essential cookies to make our site work for you. These allow you to navigate and operate on our website. Performance We use performance cookies to understand how you interact with our site. They help us understand what content is most valued and how visitors move around the site, helping us improve the service we offer you. Please note that declining these cookies will disable the ability to communicate with Flipsnack support. Advertising We use marketing cookies to deliver ads we think you'll like. They allow us to measure the effectiveness of the ads that are relevant for you. Cookie settings Confirm my choices Allow all cookies