Why Flipsnack?
Flipbook Type
Resources
Examples
Enterprise
Pricing
Sign in
Contact salesSign up for free
Create a stunning flipbook online

Flipsnack helps you create, share, and track digital flipbooks instantly. From static to dynamic PDFs by adding a page flip animation to any catalog, brochure, or magazine. Make a flip book online using our advanced digital flipbook maker.

Make a flipbook Watch demo
Upload your files
Drag & drop the PDF
or
 Upload PDF
×
Trusted by the world’s most innovative businesses
What is a flipbook?

A flipbook is an interactive HTML5 publication that recreates the page turning effect of a printed book that’s easy-to-read on any device. A few examples of digital flipbooks are: catalogs, magazines, brochures, booklets, and any other digital publication that has that page flip effect. An online flipbook is easily shared through a direct link, via email, or privately with a selected audience. And lastly, offers the option to track how your audience interacts with each flip book you share.

Upload PDF

Convert PDF to flipbook online to get a professional attractive page flip effect, easily.

Upload PDF
Design it here

Make an entire flipbook design from scratch, using our intuitive integrated design tool.

Start designing
Meet Flipsnack: the #1 flipbook maker on the market

Flipsnack has been around since 2011, helping millions of people create a long-lasting impression through interactive flipbooks with the most comprehensive options you can find within an online flipbook maker. We are committed to showing value to large and small businesses alike, so that when they think about making a flipbook online, they think of Flipsnack first.

How to make a digital flipbook online

Add a professional interactive page flip effect to your PDF with the 3D flipbook animation.

Turn PDF into flipbook
1. Upload PDF

Start by uploading the PDF to Flipsnack and transform it into a PDF flipbook in seconds. Alternatively, you can design your publication from scratch or personalize a pre-made template in Flipsnack’s Design Studio.

2. Enhance PDF
3. Publish & Share
4. Analyze
Why Flipsnack’s flipbook maker is the choice of many professionals
Product catalogs
Promotional materials
Private documents
Sales & training materials
Educational materials
Employee benefits

Interactive product catalogs help engage with customers wherever they are, and cut down on production and distribution costs. Enhance your product presentations with videos, product tags, and slideshows to set your brand apart. Use digital catalogs to track customers' experience with statistics.

Flipsnack is a catalyst in the transition to a more sustainable business. It combines the feeling that a paper catalog gives with interactive and easy-to-use multimedia features that take the user experience to the next level.

Fabiola Vidal
Digital Marketing Product Owner
Read story
Experience the full power of Flipsnack
Engage with interactions

Flipsnack is not just a flipbook software, it also has an integrated Design tool where you can add videos, GIFs, slideshows, internal and external links, or even lead forms. Include 3rd party content to your online flipbook animation like maps, house tours, or surveys for optimal engagement.

Sell directly from your catalog
Brand your flip books
Share publicly
Use advanced tracking

Track results with our flipbook app’s statistics to learn what drives engagement. Insights such as number of clicks, avg. reading time, and views impact your flipbook content strategy instantly. For more in-depth statistics, integrate Google Analytics to your Flipsnack account.

Consolidate team collaboration
Protect and secure digital flipbooks
Create accessible flip books
Choose a flipbook software that scales with you, as your business grows
For individuals

You get all the tools you need to create, enhance, distribute, brand and track your flip books online.

Advanced privacy settings

Interactive videos, audio, tags and more

Statistics and Google Analytics

Sharing options

Branding: colors, fonts, logo, URLs

Upgrade
For teams

Bring your team in the same brand space and remain in control of who can edit any detail of your flipbooks.

Multiple workspaces

Roles and permissions

SSO (Single Sign On)

Teammates & activity logs 

Brand assets & control for teams

Contact sales
Need inspiration? Browse through real flipbook examples

See how our users create PDF animations with Flipsnack’s advanced flipbook software. The page flip effect works wonders for any type of publication, from digital catalogs to magazines, brochures and any other interactive flipbooks you want to make.

Flipbooks
Catalogs
Magazines
Brochures
Booklets

There is a variety of flipbook templates available in our flip book animation software, from newspapers to internal and external newsletters, reports or business presentations. Create stunning publications in minutes using these professional pre-made interactive flipbook templates.

   
See more examples
Discover more about online flipbooks on the Flipsnack blog

Head over to our blog to learn about the history of flipbooks, how to convert PDF to a flipbook, how to make a flipbook from scratch, or a handful of advantages that flip books bring to your business. The biggest difference between a PDF and a flipbook is how easily you can track how your audience engages with the digital content.

Frequently asked questions
1. Is Flipsnack free to use?
2. Is Flipsnack safe and reliable?
3. Is Flipsnack accessible?
4. How easy is it and how long does it take to create a flipbook with Flipsnack?
5. Can you create a flipbook from scratch with Flipsnack?
6. How to make a PDF flip like a book?
7. How to convert PDF to flipbook for free?
Create an engaging flipbook online

Try our online flipbook app free for 14 days. No credit card required.

Turn PDF into flipbook
Company
About us
Terms
Privacy
Contact
Security
Accessibility
Cookie settings
Resources
Pricing
Developers
Status page
Blog
Help
Flipsnack Academy
Products
Design Studio
Bookshelf
Apps
iOS
Android
Solutions
For marketers
For business
Collaboration
For education
Uses
Discover
Examples
Templates
Search
Flipsnack vs Competition
Flipsnack Reviews
Flipsnack vs Issuu
Flipsnack vs Flippingbook
Flipsnack vs FlipHTML5
Flipsnack vs Publuu
Flipsnack vs Heyzine
The online flipbook maker
Flipsnack © Copyright 2025 - All rights reserved.