Skip to main content
Plan Your Journey
Service
Manage My Booking
Trip Tracker
Help
English
Open language selection
Bus Travel in the US
…
…
...
...
...
...
Connecting you to the world
Endless possibilities. Discover over 8,000 destinations across more than 40 countries.
Comfort on the go
Kick back with free Wi-Fi, power outlets, and extra leg space. That's what modern buses are all about.
Choose, book, travel
From your screen to your seat in seconds. You do the booking, we'll take care of the rest.
Planet-smart travel
Drop the car, travel with us. Increase your mileage and reduce your carbon footprint.

Top travel choice for 90+ million people in 2024.

Where to next?
Discover our travel map with over 8000 destinations worldwide.
Explore the map
Get Cheap Bus Tickets with FlixBus!

If you're looking to travel around The United States or even worldwide, FlixBus has got you covered with our extensive bus routes! With over 400,000 routes across the globe, you can easily find the perfect option for your trip. Plus, our cheap bus tickets make it easy and affordable to get wherever you want to go, whether it's for work or play.

Bus Routes and Timetables to Suit Your schedule

Traveling with FlixBus is hassle-free with our modern and comfortable buses, frequent connections, and reliable schedules. Our extensive network spans almost 8,000 destinations in 40+ countries, including major cities in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Plus, enjoy free WiFi on most of our buses and track your journey in real-time using our bus tracking system. What's more, our integration with Greyhound provides even more coverage and travel options throughout North America, making FlixBus the ideal choice for domestic and international travel.

Buying Your Bus Tickets is Easy with FlixBus

Our website and app make it easy to plan your journey, find the cheapest bus fares, and purchase your bus tickets securely. Whether you're planning or booking a last-minute trip, FlixBus makes buying bus tickets a breeze. Plus, with our convenient e-ticket system, you can board your bus without the hassle of paper tickets as your phone will serve as your ticket!

Discover the Best Destinations FlixBus has to Offer

With FlixBus' extensive network of routes, you can easily explore some of the most popular cities in the US, as well as travel to Canada and Mexico. And thanks to our integration with Greyhound, our network is even more expansive, giving you even more options for intercity travel. Whether you're exploring New York City, spending a weekend partying in Las Vegas, soaking up the culture in Boston, or discovering the hidden gems of Los Angeles, FlixBus makes it effortless to experience all that the US has to offer.

Collective travel can reduce the CO2 emissions associated with your journey

Traveling by bus is not just an affordable choice but also a conscious one, as it helps limit emissions compared to traveling by other modes that emit more CO2 on a per passenger-kilometer basis. With initiatives to increase the environmental standards of our operations and test new alternative drive and fuel technologies, we aim to get one step closer to our Net Zero goal, set by 2040 in Europe and by 2050 globally. In addition, we’ve established near term targets for 2032 in line with the Science Based Targets initiative framework. Find out more here!

Travel in Comfort and Style with FlixBus

FlixBus not only prioritizes comfort and convenience for your journey, but also ensures that you can travel with all your necessary luggage. Each passenger is allowed to bring one carry-on and one stowed luggage with them on the bus. In addition to the luggage allowances, our buses offer amenities like on-board WiFi, extra legroom, power outlets, and toilets, making your trip as smooth and enjoyable as possible. With our user-friendly app and simple booking platform, planning your bus travel has never been easier. Book your bus ticket with FlixBus today and travel in comfort and style with all your luggage in tow.

Continue reading
Top Destinations and bus connections
Cities
Connections
New York, NY
Atlanta, GA
Boston, MA
Houston, TX
Dallas, TX
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Washington, D.C.
Philadelphia, PA
Orlando, FL
Las Vegas, NV
San Antonio, TX
Newark, NJ
Miami, FL
Phoenix-Tempe, AZ
Baltimore, MD
Austin, TX
Detroit, MI
Indianapolis, IN
Seattle, WA
Bus Travel
All Bus Destinations
Route Map
Bus Travel in the US
Overnight Buses
Get the App
European Services
Discover
Vacation Ideas
Canada
Germany
Portugal
Poland
Denmark
FlixBus
About Flix
Greyhound
Jobs
Press Room
Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Terms & Conditions of Travel
Sustainability
Open a Business Account
Reseller login
Customer Service
Help
Services
Manage My Booking
How to Book
Reduced Mobility
Seat Reservations
Baggage
Flix App
 
Flix on:
Reseller login
Legal
Privacy Policy
Photo Credits
Accessibility Statement
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 FlixBus Inc