Download 4k Videos from any Website - Flixmate Flixmate Home Documentation Frequently asked questions Contact us Multimedia Toolkit Flixmate is a free media tool that helps you to download, cut, convert and merge audio and video streams Download for Windows Safety is confirmed Virustotal™ scan report See what you can do with Flixmate Download Instantly download your favorite videos and music from the Internet onto your device Trim Trim any video or audio by sliding the handlebars or entering in time cuts manually Convert Convert videos formate to different file formats, including MP4, AVI, WEBM, MKV, FLV, MP3, and
                        more Merge Automatically downloads and combines DASH audio/video streams into a single output video file in
                        seconds How It Works Step 1 Install Flixmate Download the Flixmate setup file and Install it on your PC Download Already Installed Step 2 Install Browser Extension Install Your favorite Flixmate's supported browser extension Extension catalog Step 3 Happy Downloading Download, trim and convert videos from all supported video sites Frequently Asked Questions Is Flixmate Free? Yes, Flixmate software is available for absolutely free. The free license doesn't
                                expire, and all the core options are free for a lifetime. You can install it safely and
                                trim, convert or download your video from online video-sharing websites like YouTube,
                                Facebook, Twitter, etc.! How do I use Flixmate Multimedia Toolkit? Flixmate is a service app., and it works right in your browser. To make it work
                                properly, Flixmate supported browser extension is also needed. You can use it through
                                the following easy steps: Step 1 Download the Flixmate setup file and Install it on your PC. Download Already Installed Step 2 Install Your favorite Flixmate's supported browser extension from extension
                                        catalog. Supported extensions you already have installed Step 3 Visit the Supported site, e.g., Youtube, and download, trim, and convert videos. Can I download 4K videos from YouTube with sound? Yes, you can. Flixmate supports downloading of 4K videos as well as HD videos perfectly. Please note: the quality depends on the uploaded file. If the author uploaded it in 8k quality, you
                                could also download it in 8k quality. What media format can Flixmate support? Flixmate includes full support to almost all mainstream formats, such as MP4, MKV, AVI,
                                WEBM, MP3, etc. Is there quality loss after cutting, Converting the video file? You won't lose any quality. Flixmate enables you to cut convert videos and audio
                                losslessly, with no restrictions and no costs It allows you to convert any video file to
                                any format for free! Do I use it to combine and download YouTube dash videos with audio? Of course. Flixmate Multimedia Toolkit is built with an audio & video combiner, enabling
                                you to download and auto combine any Youtube Video to any audio file or music track. For
                                this purpose, you need to install the Addoncrop YouTube video downloader with Flixmate. Is there a limit to the size or the length of files? No. You can download, convert, or cut an unlimited number of files without size/ length
                                limits to it. How many files can I download at one time? There is no limit on it. You could batch download files according to your needs. The
                                powerful download manager allows you to pause and resume downloads, download in the
                                background and download several files simultaneously. With the default playback option
                                "Play," You can also play Your downloaded media files in Your default media player
                                without opening the downloads folder. Is it perfect for beginners? I am not tech-savvy. Flixmate Browser extension is designed with a user-friendly interface. Whether
                                experienced or inexperienced, you manage to handle it without much effort. System requirements We're not demanding. All you need is a PC with Windows 10 , 8.1 , 8 or 7* , 1 GB RAM and 2 GB of hard disk space . And that's it. * Both the 32- and 64-bit versions, excluding Starter and RT editions. Windows 10 compatible Flixmate Multimedia Toolkit Cut, convert and merge audio/video streams with Full Hardware Acceleration Download for Windows Safety is confirmed Virustotal™ scan report Click on Flixmate.exe to install flixmate. Release History Documentation Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy ©
                2025
                Flixmate Inc.