Products
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Company
SIGN IN
BOOK A DEMO
Shaping the Future of Safety, Together.

To solve and eliminate crime – you need evidence. Protect your community, business or school 24/7 with coverage that never sleeps.

BOOK A DEMO
Scroll down
Safety Is Something We Create Together. But How?
A Public Safety
Technology Ecosystem.
We provide safety solutions to Law Enforcement, neighborhoods and businesses.
Law Enforcement
Neighborhood Safety
Select an industry to explore
Business Security
Law Enforcement
Transform operations, boost efficiency and reduce crime — Flock helps agencies do more with less.

LEARN MORE
Neighborhood Safety
Protect your neighborhood by providing law enforcement with critical evidence they need to act fast and keep your community safe.
LEARN MORE
Businesses
Deter threats, strengthen cases and reduce crime on your properties — Flock helps businesses take a proactive approach to security.
LEARN MORE
Explore How Flock Safety Works for Different Industries.
Flock in action

As a member of an organized retail crime ring arrives at ShopMore superstore, on-site loss prevention officers are immediately alerted to the suspect's presence.

LPR Camera
Learn more

Security team pulls up live video from the parking lot to locate the vehicle and get a visual on the driver.

Mobile Security Trailer
Learn more

Security team monitors the suspect's movements — avoiding confrontation inside the store —while contacting law enforcement.

FlockOS
Learn more

Responding police officers access live video from ShopMore’s shared cameras to prepare for safe apprehension.

Flock Safety Platform
Learn more

In coordination with store security, police wait to apprehend the suspect until they leave the store property.

Safety, in real-time.
SAFETY IN NUMBERS
Measuring Flock’s Impact
56%
YoY reduction in overall crime in 2024, Delano PD (CA)
Trusted by
5,000+
Law enforcement agencies in 49 states
52%
Reduction in robbery in 1 year, Cobb County PD (GA)
100%
Homicide case clearance in 2023, Tulsa PD (OK)
“In my 25 years, the Flock Safety system is the single most important technology in policing that has come out.”
Chief Rush
Trussville Police Department, AL
FEATURED CONTENT
Articles & Resources
LATEST NEWS
JULY 16, 2025
Hope Rebuilt: Flock Safety Aids in Investigation of Bombing at Healthcare Clinic
READ MORE
LATEST NEWS
JUNE 27, 2025
The Future of Retail Security: Insights from NRF Protect’s Big Ideas Panel
READ MORE
LATEST NEWS
JUNE 27, 2025
Safe Cities Are Thriving Cities: The Interconnectedness of Crime, Safety, and Quality of Life
READ MORE
01
The largest public-private
safety network.

Our intelligent platform unites communities, businesses, schools and law enforcement, combining their power to solve and deter crime together.

02

A county in Georgia saw a 60% crime reduction in 6 months with Flock Safety cameras. Early alerts. Faster response. Bigger impact.

Stay ahead of any threat,
big or small.
03
Technology that’s always
up-to-date.

Flock's cloud platform ensures you get automatic updates & new features. From deployment to integration, we keep your tools modern & mission-ready.

04
Privacy-first.  Always accountable.

We built Flock with privacy at the core. Communities own their data and we include built-in transparency tools — you get safety, with accountability.

05
Everything connected,  no silos.

Flock’s open ecosystem unites all your safety tools — LPR, video, audio detection and third-party integrations — on one seamless platform for faster insights and collaboration.

WHAT SETS US APART
The Flock Advantage
READY TO LEARN MORE?
Get a Tailored Safety Plan.
TALK WITH AN EXPERT
Company
Privacy & Ethics
Pricing
Careers
Trust Center
Legal
Suppliers
Newsroom
Press
Support
FAQs
Contact
Call Us: 1-866-901-1781
Developer Portal
Accessibility Statement
Accessibility Plan
Sign In
© 2025 Flock Safety. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
LPR Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information