FlokiNET - Secure, Stable, Anonymous, Offshore Privacy focused Hosting Services Hosting ▾ Shared Hosting Business Hosting Anti-DDoS Hosting VPS Dedicated Servers GPU Servers Colocation Other Services ▾ Domain DDoS Protection Teamspeak Software Licenses Investigative Tools Managed Proton Contact Blog Privacy Support Ticket +46 8 446 832 45 Login × Hosting ▾ Shared Hosting Business Hosting Anti-DDoS Hosting VPS Dedicated Servers GPU Servers Colocation Other Services ▾ Domain DDoS Protection Teamspeak Software Licenses Investigative Tools Managed Proton Contact Blog Privacy Welcome to FlokiNET Safeguard your digital world with secure hosting solutions. Start at €3.50/month ► Our Services Shared Hosting The easiest way to deploy your website with unlimited domains and e-mail accounts Upload your files and have your website online in minutes! Learn more ► Virtual Private Servers The freedom of a dedicated server with the low price of shared hosting Create the perfect custom environment for your applications Enjoy full control of your OS, security and encryption Learn more ► Dedicated Servers Maximum flexibility, with always-on IPMI (iLO) management interface High end, powerful, HP ProLiant servers in multiple configurations DDoS protection included Learn more ► Shared Hosting The easiest way to deploy your website with unlimited domains and e-mail accounts Upload your files and have your website online in minutes! Learn more ► Virtual Private Servers The freedom of a dedicated server with the low price of shared hosting Create the perfect custom environment for your applications Enjoy full control of your OS, security and encryption Learn more ► Dedicated Servers Maximum flexibility, with always-on IPMI (iLO) management interface High end, powerful, HP ProLiant servers in multiple configurations DDoS protection included Learn more ► Arrow pointing to the left Arrow pointing to the right Item 1 of 3 Find Your Domain Name .com .net .org .info .biz .mobi .me .eu .xyz .com € 18.75/Year .net € 20.00/Year .org € 20.00/Year .info € 27.00/Year .biz € 23.00/Year .mobi € 35.00/Year .me € 30.00/Year .eu € 15.90/Year .xyz € 19.99/Year .com € 18.75/Year .net € 20.00/Year .org € 20.00/Year .info € 27.00/Year .biz € 23.00/Year .mobi € 35.00/Year .me € 30.00/Year .eu € 15.90/Year .xyz € 19.99/Year .com € 18.75/Year .net € 20.00/Year .org € 20.00/Year .info € 27.00/Year .biz € 23.00/Year .mobi € 35.00/Year .me € 30.00/Year .eu € 15.90/Year .xyz € 19.99/Year Item 1 of 9 Our Locations Romania A budget-friendly hosting location with excellent performance. Learn more ► Iceland Eco-friendly hosting and strong free speech protection. Learn more ► Netherlands Strategic european location and strong data privacy laws. Learn more ► Finland Fast, reliable infrastructure backed by robust legal protections. Learn more ► We Offer More Colocation Save space, energy and money by colocating your server with us. Our datacenters provide the best environment for any type of server. We provide cooling, multiple power lines and great network bandwidth. Learn more ► Investigative Tools We are committed to our mission of providing a safe environment for free speech, free press and whistleblowers. We provide support for a list of tools, proven to be extremely helpful in a newsroom while investigating complex cases: SecureDrop and GlobaLeaks OpenAleph and LiquidInvestigations Matrix e2e encrypted communication Learn more ► DDoS Mitigation Your website will be protected under a DDoS filter with capabilities over 1Tbps+, which will provide you one of the best DDoS protection on the market. (available at our locations in Romania, Netherlands and Iceland) Learn more ► Why Choose Us Anonymity We do not require any personal details or identification. Any valid email address is enough information to be a customer. Flexible Start small and grow big! From small shared hosting accounts to large HP Proliant servers with up to 3TB of RAM, we can help you evolve. Support We provide support by Threema, Signal, as well as phone and email. Full Access For our VPS and Dedicated Servers, we provide full root access and kernel control. HP servers are equipped with their iLO IPMI, for full remote control over the server. Secure We offer free Let's Encrypt SSL certificates for all shared hosting accounts to keep your data secure. In addition to solutions for your business, our staff has been trained and the technologies we use are carefully selected to keep your information safe with us, for example, all our workstations are encrypted, as are our internal communications. Frequently Asked Questions What do I need in order to sign up? Can I delete my account if I don't need it anymore? Can I host WordPress here? What about TLS/SSL certificates? Do I have to pay in advance? Is there any type of software/service that FlokiNET will not host? We highly value your privacy and do not need any personal information or identification All that's needed is a functioning email address, which will be our point of contact with you You'll be able to maintain easy and secure communication with us at your convenience Absolutely. Accroding to the GDPR, you hold the right to request the deletion of your personal data at any point. We respect this right and will remove all your personal data from our system upon your request Of course! For most users, the easiest platform to host your WP website is our shared hosting service, which includes special tools to install and manage your platform. Tools available include the Softaculous Wordpress Manager and CPanel's own Wordpress Toolkit. We do not provide new signed certificates for domains you purchase. However, for shared hosting, if you have a valid domain and DNS records, "Let's Encrypt" certificates are automatically generated. Yes, all our services work on a prepaid basis. They remain active for the period covered by your payment. This means that you have the flexibility to cancel your service at any time by simply not covering upcoming bills. This gives you the freedom to manage your services according to your needs, without being tied to long-term commitments. As a responsible webhosting company FlokiNET does not allow in any case: Malicious Activities Any activity related to spam (relays, sites, links, proxy) Netscan/portscan activities DDoS originations of any kind Malware distribution, hacking attempts (e.g., SQL injection attacks, remote code execution) Operating or participating in a botnet, doorway pages, or carding activities Phishing, scam or impersonation platforms for stealing information/money (e.g., credit card, password scam sites, fake cryptocurrency exchanges) Impersonation platforms (e.g., eBay, PayPal, or any other known institutions) Illegal and Harmful Content Hosting or sharing child pornography Selling pharmaceuticals without a license Sharing or distributing materials related to terrorism Doxxing: revealing or sharing personal and private information without consent (privacy violation) Server Abuse Chia mining on shared hosted accounts, VPS or dedicated servers For more details please read our Acceptable Use Policy What do I need in order to sign up? We highly value your privacy and do not need any personal information or identification All that's needed is a functioning email address, which will be our point of contact with you You'll be able to maintain easy and secure communication with us at your convenience Can I delete my account if I don't need it anymore? Absolutely. Accroding to the GDPR, you hold the right to request the deletion of your personal data at any point. We respect this right and will remove all your personal data from our system upon your request Can I host WordPress here? Of course! For most users, the easiest platform to host your WP website is our shared hosting service, which includes special tools to install and manage your platform. Tools available include the Softaculous Wordpress Manager and CPanel's own Wordpress Toolkit. What about TLS/SSL certificates? We do not provide new signed certificates for domains you purchase. However, for shared hosting, if you have a valid domain and DNS records, "Let's Encrypt" certificates are automatically generated. Do I have to pay in advance? Yes, all our services work on a prepaid basis. They remain active for the period covered by your payment. This means that you have the flexibility to cancel your service at any time by simply not covering upcoming bills. This gives you the freedom to manage your services according to your needs, without being tied to long-term commitments. Is there any type of software/service that FlokiNET will not host? As a responsible webhosting company FlokiNET does not allow in any case: Malicious Activities Any activity related to spam (relays, sites, links, proxy) Netscan/portscan activities DDoS originations of any kind Malware distribution, hacking attempts (e.g., SQL injection attacks, remote code execution) Operating or participating in a botnet, doorway pages, or carding activities Phishing, scam or impersonation platforms for stealing information/money (e.g., credit card, password scam sites, fake cryptocurrency exchanges) Impersonation platforms (e.g., eBay, PayPal, or any other known institutions) Illegal and Harmful Content Hosting or sharing child pornography Selling pharmaceuticals without a license Sharing or distributing materials related to terrorism Doxxing: revealing or sharing personal and private information without consent (privacy violation) Server Abuse Chia mining on shared hosted accounts, VPS or dedicated servers For more details please read our Acceptable Use Policy See more in the Knowledge Base  ► Questions? Not sure what to choose? Click here to get the answers you need. Our support team is ready to assist you! For other ways to get in touch and ask questions, see our contact page FlokiNET FlokiNET was established in 2012 - Iceland, to provide a safe harbor for freedom of speech, free press and whistleblower projects. We provide autonomous, incorruptible and flexible solutions, optimized to help you spread your ideas! Company About Us Terms of Service Knowledge Base Privacy Policy Environmental Responsibility Service SLA Levels Network Test Acceptable Use Policy Abuse Contact Us We Accept: All payment methods  ► © Copyright 2025 FlokiNET. All Rights Reserved. @flokinet@flokinet.social @FlokiNETehf flokinet.is billing.flokinet.is blog.flokinet.is flokinet.is billing.flokinet.is blog.flokinet.is