Floorplanner | Online Floor Planner & 3D Room Planner Tool Product Pricing Support About us en Log in Free Account Space is important Make the most of your space! Your space matters. Planning and designing it can be challenging, which is why Floorplanner exists. We believe that planning your space shouldn't be difficult, expensive, or exclusive to professionals. It should be easy, accessible, fun, and free for everyone. Since 2007, we've taken it upon ourselves to build a platform to provide just that. Join over 30 million users worldwide and find out how using floorplans and 3D visuals can help you gain more confidence in all your design decisions and make the most of your space. Try DEMO Create a FREE account! "I use Floorplanner every time we move house it's pretty versatile" See more quotes over 50 million projects created Easy-to-learn & versatile, a tool for many uses Personal Use Make better design decisions Learn more Retail Convert more sales Learn more Real Estate Present properties better Learn more Interior Design Visualize ideas easier Learn more Floorplanner helps you to Accurately draw & plan any type of space with ease. Having an accurate floorplan of your space is extremely useful for making informed design decisions and avoiding costly mistakes. Floorplanner's editor helps you quickly and easily recreate any type of space in just minutes, without the need for any software or training. Draw your rooms, move walls, and add doors and windows with ease to create a Digital Twin of your own space. With our real-time 3D view, you can see how your design choices will look in the finished space and even create professional-quality 3D renders at a stunning 8K resolution. Decorate your plans Over 260.000 3D models in our library for everyone to use Floorplanner's library, of over 260.000 3D models, is available to all our users at no extra cost. Our library is vast and diverse, and it includes a wide variety of furniture items suitable for both residential and commercial spaces. You'll find items from well-known brands and manufacturers, as well as more general items such as plants, trees, cars, classroom elements, party items, pools & hot tubs, and even a full-size dinosaur! Great-looking images on the fly Create 2D & 3D visuals like a PRO Floorplanner makes it really easy to create compelling 2D and even photorealistic 3D images from your designs. No 3D experience is needed!. Our default settings make sure that your images always look great while still giving you control over the lights or scene if you need. 2D Floorplan examples 3D Dollhouse examples 3D interior / exterior examples affordable & accessible Free for casual use, one-time upgrades and subscriptions are optional We believe that a service like Floorplanner can and should be freely accessible in some sort of basic, useful form for everyone in the world, and we have been offering exactly that since 2007 with our Basic account. We do NOT sell or hijack your data, and you can keep using your Basic account for free as long as you want. We make our money by selling credits as a one-time purchase or via subscriptions. These credits can be used for project upgrades and other additional services on our platform. leading the market since 2007 Used by millions of people every month. Floorplanner has become an indispensable and trusted tool for many people worldwide, perfect for those planning a move or with a sudden urge to redecorate their living spaces. Even with a free account, you can still access and work on projects you started years ago. Your plans are always there for you. Floorplanner ❤️ schools Free for all schools worldwide since the very beginning. Floorplanner has always been free for schools since we started in 2007. It's been amazing to see how millions of students and thousands of schools have used our tool as part of their lessons and projects. To make it even easier for teachers and schools to use Floorplanner, we have a special education account. This account is tailored to make the best use of our tool in an educational setting. MAKE THE MOST OF YOUR SPACE! Create your own account and start planning your space for free! Free Account Contact us here About Floorplanner What is Floorplanner? For Personal use For Retail & Manufacturers For Real Estate For Design Professionals Popular Links Create a Free account Pricing Support API docs Design Tips FAQ About Us Our Company Partners Privacy policy & GDPR Terms & Conditions Contact us © 2025 Floorplanner Inc. All rights reserved | PO Box 29175, 3001 GD, Rotterdam, The Netherlands