Florida Dept. of Revenue - 
                                                
        
        Florida Dept. of Revenue Turn on more accessible mode Turn off more accessible mode Home Child Support Property Tax General Tax Tax Data Contact Florida Department of Revenue Test Header Information for... Businesses and Employers Individuals and Families Industry Professionals Local Government Officials Employment Opportunities Quick Links About Us Accessibility Forms and Publications Frequently Asked Questions Fuel Tax Temporary License Media Open Government and Public Records Requests Proposed Rules Public Meetings Regulatory Plans Tax Law Library Surveys Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights Tax Data Resources Emergency and Disaster Information Florida Delinquent Taxpayers Florida's Taxpayers' Rights Advocate Report Tax Violations and Rewards Program Tax Incentives for Businesses Verifying Department Contact Florida's Minimum Wage MyFlorida Agency Directory Internal Revenue Service Page Content ​​​​​​eServices Child Support eServices File and Pay • Taxes • Fees • Remittances Print Annual Resale Certificates Register to collect and/or pay taxes ​​ View your reemployment tax rate Child Support payment information Child Support Services for Employers Subscribe to our tax publications More eServices... ​​ ​​ Verifying Department Contact With the growing number of scams targeting unsuspecting citizens and businesses, the Department of Revenue would like to encourage the public to safeguard against any potential fraudulent activity.  If you are contacted by someone representing themselves as an employee of the Florida Department of Revenue—whether it is by letter or form, a phone call or other communication—who appears unfamiliar with your specific tax or child support account information, please feel free to verify their identity by contacting the Department's Taxpayer Services Process at 850-488-6800 or by contacting the Child Support Customer Contact Center at 850-488-KIDS (5437). ​​A list of our local General Tax Administration office locations can also be found at floridarevenue.com/taxes/Pages/servicecenters.aspx . If you are unable to confirm the authenticity of the contact and suspect that you may have been targeted for a scam, please report this incident to the Department's Office of Inspector General at 850-617-8152 .​​​​​ Questions and Answers | Accessibility | Report Technical Problems | Help with Downloading Files | Browser Security | Privacy Notice About Us | Contact | Employment | View Full Site Florida Department of Revenue 5050 West Tennessee Street, Tallahassee, FL 32399 This website is supported by Grant Number 2501FLSCSS from the Office of Child Support Services within the Administration for Children and Families, a division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Neither the Administration for Children and Families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). The opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Administration for Children and Families and the Office of Child Support Services.