Brevard County and central Florida News | floridatoday.com News Space Sports Restaurants Real Estate Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Florida DEP to host Blue Origin wastewater meeting in January in west Cocoa Where to eat now. Brevard's latest opening and closings Melbourne police say 75-year-old killed in Brightline-related incident Member of Brevard Zoo's animal ambassador team dies at the age of 7 Watch Now More Stories Here's why two Florida lawmakers want to deep six paper… Happy birthday to the GOAT in golf, Tiger Woods! Pics of… Free Lyft rides on New Year's Eve courtesy of Melbourne… Yes. You have to clean your air fryer. How often, how to… Did someone wish you a Happy Twixmas? Here's what it is Shopping How to use FSA funds at Pair Eyewear before December ends Save 15% on 2026 stays at Spark by Hilton hotels nationwide Watch the College Football Playoff quarterfinals on Sling, here's how News Melbourne police say 75-year-old killed in Brightline-related incident Member of Brevard Zoo's animal ambassador team dies at the age of 7 USDA scientists finds three new grasshoppers in Florida Sports Happy birthday to the GOAT in golf, Tiger Woods! Pics of the Florida celeb SEC Women's Basketball Power Rankings, Tennessee tumbles going into conference play Florida football quarterback announces return to UF for 2026 season State Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles Will Florida's minimum wage go up in 2026? How much is the living wage? Entertainment Where to eat now. Brevard's latest opening and closings Farewell to faves as Brevard sees string of restaurant closures in '25 'Strange Things' character quiz. Which one are you most like? Life One Senior Place: What should I expect as my eyes age? Brevard gardeners, get ready for a 2026 abloom with work, fun classes One Senior Place: What are the benefits of meal planning? Opinion How to inhabit presence in spirituality today Scott Tilley Kudos to our president for drug boat attacks | Letters to the Editor Love is focus of fourth Sunday of Advent in Spirituality Today Scott Tilley Hurricane News 2025 hurricane season was unique. Here's why Hurricane season without Florida strike. Has that happened before? Melissa’s wrath and Imelda’s waltz: A storm season that broke reality Trending Is firing a gun in air on New Year's Eve OK? Police say don't do it. Is airport fashion is back? Is the civility campaign working? Many 2026 holidays and celebrations will happen on Fridays, Saturdays Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Enter Today! ENTER TODAY! ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN! More in Contests USDA scientists finds three new grasshoppers in Florida Visual journalist Craig Bailey presents his favorite photos from 2025 Farewell to faves as Brevard sees string of restaurant closures in '25 What to expect on the Space Coast in 2026, along with a look back FWC releases results of 2025 black bear hunt About Us Corrections Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Sitemap Legals Public notice certification Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Promote your Event Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Education Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.floridatoday.com. All rights reserved.