Flourish Product Create Data visualization Create interactive charts and maps using no-code templates Flourish stories Build multi-step explainers with charts and captions Interactive content Visualize text, images and audio with interactive templates Examples Solutions Industry Financial services Professional services Newsrooms Marketing Nonprofits Government Education Use cases Elections and polling Sports and competitions Maps Survey responses Scrollytelling Resources Explore Blog Chart guides What's new Learn Help docs Webinars Training Datasets Accessibility Develop Experts network Flourish for developers Pricing Log in Sign up Where data meets storytelling Create stunning charts , maps and interactive content that engage and inspire – instantly. No coding required. Get started now Request a demo Trusted by leaders worldwide to reach audiences of millions every day Turn data into stories worth sharing From data visualizations and interactive elements to immersive storytelling, Flourish empowers you to turn complex data into interactive visuals that wow your audience - whether you're an expert or just starting out. Your data, fully interactive Transform raw data into interactive visualizations that are as sleek as they are engaging. Say goodbye to static charts and let your audience explore, connect, and truly understand your story. No-code creation, stunning results Create professional-grade visuals in minutes — no coding, no hassle. Simply import your data and transform it into interactive visuals that grab attention. 
                        It's as easy as it gets. Share anywhere, look great everywhere Seamlessly share and embed your visualisations across platforms—websites, presentations, social media assets and more. Watch them adapt beautifully to any screen, captivating audiences across all devices. Team up, stay on brand Simplify collaboration and ensure your visuals stay polished and on-brand.  Advanced sharing and customization options let your team create with confidence. Flourish for Newsrooms Professional Services Financial Services Marketing Nonprofits Education Government Used by thousands of companies every day, including: Flourish support is great: accessible, friendly, pursuing solutions for our eternal ‘exception of the rules’ queries to make visualizations work in our 40 languages.” Roberto Belo-Rovella Editor, BBC World Service We live and breathe data, and no tool has enabled us to bring our data to life in a beautiful way better than Flourish has. It's a game changer.” Joel Leeman Sr. Executive Producer, London Stock Exchange Let’s connect Ready to transform your work with data storytelling? Connect with our team to learn more and get started today! Get in touch What is Flourish? Flourish is a powerful data visualization platform that empowers the world to tell stories with data.
            Trusted by organizations and newsrooms worldwide, Flourish helps creators bring data narratives to life with highly engaging, interactive and impressive visualizations.
            Our extensive library of templates and seamless embedding options make every data story informative and truly captivating. Who is behind Flourish? Flourish was co-founded in 2018 by Duncan Clark and Robin Houston . Duncan has a background in data journalism and publishing, while Robin is a mathematician and developer. In 2022, Canva acquired Flourish with the shared goal of democratizing data storytelling and making data visualization accessible to all. Read more about this here . How does Flourish differ from other data visualization tools? Flourish sets itself apart through: Ease of use : No specific technical skills are needed thanks to its template-based system and intuitive user interface. Storytelling : Flourish is uniquely designed to facilitate narrative visualizations, such as scrollytelling, interactive presentations, and audio-driven stories. Flexibility : The Flourish SDK lets developers create custom templates without limitations on functionality or design. Publishability : All outputs are styled for robustness, capable of reaching unlimited audiences, and optimized for mobile viewing. Is Flourish a business intelligence tool? Flourish is not typically regarded as a business intelligence tool. While its templates and API allow for data exploration and dashboard integration, its primary focus is on data storytelling, especially for presentations and digital publications. Company About us Careers Security Pricing Terms Privacy policy FAQs Explore Examples Elections & polls Sports & competitions Interactive maps Survey responses Scrollytelling Chart guides Blog Solutions Financial services Professional services Newsrooms Marketing Nonprofits Government Education Resources What's new Help docs Training Webinars Datasets Accessibility Experts network For developers Flourish Flourish is a registered trademark of Canva UK Operations Ltd, UK company 08825531 33 Hoxton Square London N1 6NN Stay in touch Subscribe to our newsletter © 2025 Flourish, a Canva UK Operations Limited brand. All rights reserved.