Product
Examples
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
Log in Sign up
Where data meets storytelling

Create stunning charts, maps and interactive content that engage and inspire – instantly. No coding required.

Get started now
Request a demo

Trusted by leaders worldwide to reach audiences of millions every day

Turn data into stories worth sharing

From data visualizations and interactive elements to immersive storytelling, Flourish empowers you to turn complex data into interactive visuals that wow your audience - whether you're an expert or just starting out.

 
Your data, fully interactive

Transform raw data into interactive visualizations that are as sleek as they are engaging. Say goodbye to static charts and let your audience explore, connect, and truly understand your story.

No-code creation, stunning results

Create professional-grade visuals in minutes — no coding, no hassle. Simply import your data and transform it into interactive visuals that grab attention. It's as easy as it gets.

Share anywhere, look great everywhere

Seamlessly share and embed your visualisations across platforms—websites, presentations, social media assets and more. Watch them adapt beautifully to any screen, captivating audiences across all devices.

Team up, stay on brand

Simplify collaboration and ensure your visuals stay polished and on-brand. Advanced sharing and customization options let your team create with confidence.

Flourish for 
Newsrooms
Professional Services
Financial Services
Marketing
Nonprofits
Education
Government

Bring any data to life with interactive visualizations. Supercharge your reporting and engage your audience like never before.

Interactive charts and maps

No-code scrollytelling experiences

Live-updating data visualization

Magical animations and transitions

Used by thousands of companies every day, including:

Flourish for Newsrooms

Create everything from simple charts to rich scrollytelling – just like this

Turn complex data into clear, engaging stories

Bring trends to life – ready to embed on sites or presentations

Reveal insights that inform and inspire

Flourish support is great: accessible, friendly, pursuing solutions for our eternal ‘exception of the rules’ queries to make visualizations work in our 40 languages.”

Roberto Belo-Rovella
Editor, BBC World Service

We live and breathe data, and no tool has enabled us to bring our data to life in a beautiful way better than Flourish has. It's a game changer.”

Joel Leeman
Sr. Executive Producer, London Stock Exchange

Let’s connect

Ready to transform your work with data storytelling? Connect with our team to learn more and get started today!

Get in touch
What is Flourish?

Who is behind Flourish?

How does Flourish differ from other data visualization tools?

Is Flourish a business intelligence tool?


Company
About us
Careers
Security
Pricing
Terms
Privacy policy
FAQs
Explore
Examples
Elections & polls
Sports & competitions
Interactive maps
Survey responses
Scrollytelling
Chart guides
Blog
Solutions
Financial services
Professional services
Newsrooms
Marketing
Nonprofits
Government
Education
Resources
What's new
Help docs
Training
Webinars
Datasets
Accessibility
Experts network
For developers
Flourish

Flourish is a registered trademark of Canva UK Operations Ltd, UK

company 08825531

33 Hoxton Square

London N1 6NN

Stay in touch
Subscribe to our newsletter

© 2025 Flourish, a Canva UK Operations Limited brand. All rights reserved.

Flourish

We use essential Cookies to make Flourish work. We’d like to use cookies to improve and personalise your visit, tailor ads you see from us on Flourish and partner sites and to analyse our website’s performance, but only if you accept. Learn more about your choices in ourour cookie policy

Accept all cookies
Manage cookies