FlowPaper: Flipbook Maker and Interactive Publications Platform Toggle navigation  Pricing  Features  Why FlowPaper?  Flipbook Maker  Mobile-First Publications  Analytics & Heat Maps  Easy to Use Javascript API  Accessibility Automation  Optimized For Improved Ranking  Content Translations using Google Translate  Lead Generation  Add Interactive Content  Document Tracking  Examples  Brochure  Catalog  Magazine  Flipbook  Realistic eBook  Business Presentation  Mobile Magazine Edition  Show All  Help Show All Help Topics How to upload and share PDFs Embedding on your website Hosting flipbooks on your own domain Adding interactivity to your publications How to add hotspots to your online catalogs Convert PDFs into interactive brochures How to track page views in PDF documents Improve PDF accessibility Collect leads when sharing PDFs How to embed flipbooks on WIX How to embed flipbooks on Squarespace ... more topics Get started Convert your static PDF documents into interactive web publications. The web PDF viewer and digital publishing suite. Convert your catalog , brochure or magazine into a beautiful and realistic flipbook using our flipbook maker or create a interactive online brochure .  Watch video  Get started  Drop a PDF here to try </source> </source> To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a
        web browser that supports HTML5 video
        </a> Create Stunning Flipbooks, Magazines, and Brochures for Your Website A experience first flipbook maker Web PDF viewer FlowPaper is specialized in helping creators make interactive magazines , online pdf flipbooks , interactive online catalogs and engaging online brochures . It brings your publications online in the best way possible. Convert your PDF documents into a beautiful seamless viewing experience. More About the Flipbook Maker Create interactive online catalogs Load fast and stay sharp Convert your PDF catalogs to a web friendly HTML5 format to make you catalogs shoppable with great speed and text sharpness. Add text, images and video animations to your publications. FlowPaper provides a range of page turning modes including slide and flip page modes as viewing experiences. Create a Interactive Catalog Engaging Mobile-first Publications Convert your PDFs into HTML5 FlowPaper lets you repurpose your PDF magazines into a responsive format that stays sharp and easily readable on any device and screen without needing to zoom. The mobile first format lets you combined fixed and re-flowable text layout in your publications to allow you to provide the content in best way possible. More on Mobile-first publications Read our reviews on Collect Heatmap Data to Analyze User Engagement Ever wondered if your brochures or catalogs capture peoples attention the right way? See what your visitors do with your publications with a graphical representation of their behaviour. Heatmaps provide a visual way to analyze user behavior, helping you optimize publication design and boost engagement effortlessly. Boost engagement with responsive online editions Let your customers read your PDFs without pinching to zoom in and out. Deliver a true mobile experience without compromising on layout. Publish with Mac, Windows or Online Discover our powerful desktop publishing tool to create and publish documents directly from your computer. Compatible with Mac, Windows, and available online for ultimate flexibility. For Designers Customize your design. Effortlessly adjust backgrounds, colors, icons, and more to make it uniquely yours. Save your style settings as a reusable template for future projects. View a reflowable mobile edition Truly Retina Ready Regardless of if your publication uses reflowable or fixed layout, FlowPaper always looks sharp, on every device and size. Responsive User Interface FlowPaper will maximise your coverage, adjust to any device size and show your publication on any device from PC to phones. Convert your PDFs into accessible, search engine friendly publications Give your content the best chance to be found in search and reach your full audience. FlowPaper uses machine learning to automatically detect reading order and headers in your PDF files. Read more about how conditions can be improved for search engines when indexing PDF documents. What content can you create? Create a online brochure FlowPaper lets you publish a digital version of your brochures and flyers. Our Desktop Publisher lets you publish and enhance your brochure or flyer within minutes. Publish a catalog online Use FlowPaper to publish your catalog online and get the advantage of digital publishing by updating your catalog on the fly instead of waiting for the next re-print. Create a online magazine Make your magazines come alive online using FlowPaper Zine. With Flowpaper Desktop Publisher you have full control of the output of your digital publication. Who's using FlowPaper? Features at a glance chrome_reader_mode Online PDF Viewer FlowPaper supports the full set of features expected from a modern viewer such as searching, highlighting and printing. settings Stay in Control Want to host your publications yourself? No problem. Stay in control and maintain full ownership over your published documents. You are in control over how and where your documents are located at all times. format_paint Tweak the Design Tweak the design until it's your own. Change background, panel colors and icons. Styles can be saved in our desktop publisher to later be re-edited and used again. compress Compress and Optimise FlowPaper helps you split and optimize large PDFs so that you can let your visitors view them with minimum download waiting time.  Javascript API FlowPaper offers a easy to use Javascript API that lets you convert PDF documents into page-turning flipbook experiences in just a single line of code. tablet_mac Runs Everywhere Our latest version supports the full range of hand gestures on touch enabled screens and operating systems such as iPad/iOS and Android. FlowPaper Download Examples Pricing Blog Release Notes Features Flipbook Maker Create a PDF Magazine Convert PDF to flipbook Publish Catalog Online Publish Brochure Online Online PDF viewer Interactive Annual Reports Reuse PDF content Annotate PDF Online Help Video Tutorials Make Your PDFs Interactive Convert PDF to HTML5 Javascript API Sharing PDF documents Online How to Embed flipbooks Page-turner effects Adding links, videos flipbooks Tagging products in PDF catalogs Tracking PDF documents online Improving PDF search ranking Flipbook Video Maker About Devaldi Ltd Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service The Web PDF viewer Follow Us Copyright © ◾ Devaldi Ltd.