Wowza Flowplayer - the smallest, most flexible online video player Flowplayer is now part of the Wowza Video live streaming and VOD platform. Learn more → Flowplayer Only Open menu Features HTML5 Player High performance HTML player Player Features Documentation Code Sandbox Demos & Tools Platform For hosting & streaming video Platform Features Platform Guides Dev Documentation Platform Pricing Live & Simulated live Professional live broadcasting Live Features Live Guides Schedule a Demo Simulated Live Monetization & Protect Empower your video strategy Advertising features Ad Tester Protection & Subscriber Features Documentation Analytics Understand your audience Analytics Features Analytics Guides Analytics Docs & API Advertising Analytics Insights coming soon Quality of experience data Insights features Demo Documentation Speak to an expert Pricing Plans Pricing Resources Demo Hub Visualise what Flowplayer can do Using the Player API Plugin Sandbox Stream Tester Ad Tester All User Guides Navigate the platform Help with VOD Live Guides Start Advertising Player Manuals Developer / Docs Documentation for devs Configure the Player Add Plugins Check out the API See SDKs Flowplayer White Papers Flowplayer Webinars Blog Partners Contact Us Dashboard Close menu Dashboard Start for free Features HTML5 Player Platform Live & Simulated live Monetization & Protect Analytics Insights Pricing Resources Demo Hub All User Guides Developer / Docs Blog Partners Contact Us The Performance First Online Video Player & Platform Solution Contact Us {"src": "37a8ded1-f547-4574-afba-0e64e52e303d", "autopause": true, "muted": true, "loop": true, "multiplay": true} A complete solution built for the world's evolving digital video economy. Flowplayer’s next-generation video solution helps global brands enhance experiences & enrich engagement. Trusted by: image/svg+xml ÅRSRAPPORT 2018 Developed for organizations that need a high performing, reliable video stack The next generation of video delivery is here, providing a greater return on investment than any other platform. Flowplayer has everything you need for a successful video strategy. Simple and easy to use video interface to help you manage & achieve any on-demand, LIVE or Simulated LIVE goal at any scale. Globally. Ultra-lightweight HTML video player with an open plugin architecture. Built for speed, flexibility & all-around performance. Effortless advertising management with support for client-side & server-side ad insertion, header bidding, and ad-pods. Flowplayer empowers brands to achieve the best return on investment when compared to other solutions. Quickly integrate flowplayer into your current technology stack with the extendable architecture and powerful APIs. Platform Player Monetization Integrations Analytics Access control Recommendations Live streaming Platform API User limiting DRM Explore features HTML5 API Skinning API Chromecast support AirPlay support Android SDK iOS SDK Explore features Fill rate optimization Header bidding Ad scheduling Outstream ads Ad analytics Explore features OTT platforms CMS intergrations Analytics integrations Subscriptons/pay-per-view Contact sales <div data-player-id="a26c6e6a-8692-4bab-b462-bad14f4904b7">
  <script src="//cdn.flowplayer.com/players/4c522212-8889-4674-93de-727b110c60b8/native/flowplayer.async.js">
    { 
      "src": "4c2bbda0-e7a9-4d7a-974e-5be2da624668",
      "autoplay": true, 
      "muted": true,
      "loop": true
    }
  </script>
</div> Flowplayer Native empowering experiences on every screen Performance & experience first HTML video player with over 36 different plugins and configuration options, you get to build out the entire player experience. Reliable playback on any device with adaptive bitrate support for streaming profiles up to 1440p (4K). Fully customizable for all web and mobile applications. Flowplayer Native can be self-hosted (stand-alone player) or used as part of the full platform offering. Developer docs Demos Deliver captivating content internationally with the worlds fastest streaming platform. With global points of presence, flowplayer is the best option for scalability, stability and reliability. Flowplayer processes, stores and delivers your video content at the highest possible quality - ready for playback on any device. Flowplayer helps you manage and achieve any streaming goal at any scale - whether it’s video-on-demand, live or simulated live. Complete with advanced tools to help you increase viewership and deliverability. Speak to us about your streaming needs See pricing Flowplayer is the foundation to evolve our business with new revenue streams from video and live. Tiina Taipale / Managing Editor at Maaseudun Tulevaisuus We found Flowplayer after trying two other video streaming services, and not only did they provide more reliable streaming and fantastic technical assistance, they were also more transparent and economical. David Procyshyn / CEO at doyogawithme.com I am so happy that we switched to Flowplayer for our player needs. The features are great, and the support staff is awesome! Michael Deeter / Senior Web Developer at Syncbak (a CBS company) Our goal is to offer our stakeholders around the world the best video experience and we can do that without having to compromise on quality and performance with Flowplayer. The platform handles all the complexities of video, this allows us to create immersive and more brilliant content for all of our brands. Thomas Alves Machado / Corporate Digital Director at L'Oréal Flowplayer gives us faster loading times as well as better playback experiences. We are happy to work alongside the skilled engineers in support to further improve how our video experiences on every screen. Dušan Jančovič / New Media Director at RTVS We are delighted to partner with Flowplayer and adding DRM with the help of EZDRM has future-proofed our business and allows us to focus on new content, future growth and continued innovation. Dean Fossella / VP of Operations at JoVE Get started with an advanced video content hosting platform in minutes. Our team has been developing video solutions on the web since 2004. We have helped 1000s of global brands achieve their video-on-demand, live or simulated live streaming goals, at any scale. Contact us to learn more Copyright @ 2025 • Flowplayer AB All rights reserved. Facebook LinkedIn GitHub Twitter Company Pricing Careers About us Blog Contact us Support Help center Terms of service Privacy policy Acceptable Use Policy Service Level Agreement Light Appearance System Appearance Dark Appearance Flowplayer is on a mission to touch the lives of billions of people through customers using our technology. We believe this is only possible through a customer-centric approach to development, constant innovation, and the best support culture.