Fluence | A Siemens and AES Company Skip to main content Fluence Energy Home Menu Close Energy Storage Smartstack Gridstack Pro Gridstack Ultrastack Services Nispera APM Mosaic Bidding Sustainability About Our Story Leadership Strategic Partnerships Safety Fluence in Taiwan (繁體中文) Fluence in Japan (日本) Contact Investors Media Room Blog Resources Careers Login Mosaic for CAISO Mosaic for the NEM Mosaic for ERCOT Investors Media Room Blog Resources Careers Login Mosaic for CAISO Mosaic for the NEM Mosaic for ERCOT Fluence Energy Home Energy Storage Smartstack Gridstack Pro Gridstack Ultrastack Services Nispera APM Mosaic Bidding Sustainability About Our Story Leadership Strategic Partnerships Safety Fluence in Taiwan (繁體中文) Fluence in Japan (日本) Contact About Fluence is enabling the global clean energy transition with market-leading energy storage products and services, and digital applications for renewables and storage. Learn More Get to know us Our Story Leadership Strategic Partnerships Safety Fluence in Taiwan (繁體中文) Fluence in Japan (日本) Connect With Us Connect Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Nispera is now part of Fluence. Read more Products Fluence offers an integrated ecosystem of products, services, and digital applications across a range of energy storage and renewable use cases. Energy Storage Gridstack Ultrastack Sunstack Edgestack Software Mosaic Nispera Energy Storage Systems Mosaic Intelligent Bidding Software Nispera Asset Performance Management Software Our Technology Our standardized Technology Stack makes it easier for you to rapidly and cost effectively deploy energy storage, and optimize storage and renewable assets. Learn More Fluence Cube Fluence OS Fluence IQ Products Energy Storage Gridstack Fluence IQ Platform Bidding Application Applications Energy storage provides the agility and efficiency to keep pace with an evolving energy landscape. Learn More Transform Your Network Transform Your Generation Transform Your Energy Use Energy Storage Unlock the full potential of your network with energy storage. Learn More Smartstack Gridstack Pro Gridstack Ultrastack Fluence Named a Tier 1 Energy Storage Supplier S&P Global Commodity Insights’ Premier List of Tier 1 Cleantech Companies 2025 Learn More LEAG and Fluence to build the largest battery storage project in Europe with a capacity of 4 GWh Learn More Fluence Unveils Smartstack A High-Density AC-based Energy Storage Platform with a Breakthrough Modular Design Learn more OUR MISSION Transforming the way we power our world for a more sustainable future Learn More Energy Storage Solutions Our products are designed for the most demanding industrial applications and have stood the test of time. Discover the Fluence energy storage product that’s right for you. Learn More Unveiling Smartstack™, a High-Density AC-based Energy Storage Platform with a Breakthrough Modular Design Backed by Fluence’s industry-leading project deployment expertise, Smartstack delivers advanced intelligence, approximately 30% higher energy density compared to other leading market solutions, and drives enhanced overall project economics. Learn More Cloud-based Software Our AI-powered software, Mosaic™ intelligent bidding and Nispera™ asset performance management, maximizes the value of renewables and storage from any provider, so you can deploy and use more clean energy with higher ROI. Learn More Our Stats 0 GWh of Energy Storage 0 Energy Storage Projects 0 Markets 0 GW of AI-optimized Renewables and Storage *Deployed, contracted, or assets under management as of Sept. 30, 2025. Our Customers Include Our Energy Storage Products Fluence offers energy storage products that are optimized for common customer applications but can be configured for specific use cases and requirements. All Fluence products can be delivered as turnkey solutions to the customer including all associated balance of plant equipment. Smartstack Learn More Gridstack Pro™ Learn More Gridstack™ Learn more Ultrastack™ Learn more Latest Announcements LEAG and Fluence to build the largest battery storage project in Europe with a capacity of 4 GWh The 1 GW / 4 GWh battery energy storage system will be Fluence’s largest single storage project globally to date and will be powered by Fluence’s Smartstack™ energy storage platform Read the Press Release LATEST BLOG Beyond 20 Years: Maximizing Battery Storage Lifespan and Value WEBINAR Future-Proofing with Hybrids: Smarter Energy Storage Systems for a Changing Grid CASE STUDY From Complexity to Certainty: Accelerating Global Energy Storage Deployment Let's Get Started We are here to collaborate with you to solve the energy challenges in your network. Contact Us Get the Latest News Get the latest news, insights, and guidance to help you navigate the changes in the energy landscape. Subscribe Fluence Energy Home Connect Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Copyright 2026 Fluence. All rights reserved. Website Privacy Policy Electronic Waste Policy Forward-Looking Statements UK Tax Strategy Any transfer of personal data processed by Fluence entities established in the European Economic Area (including the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, and Liechtenstein) to areas outside of this area is based on Binding Corporate Rules and EU Standard Contractual Clauses. Website by