Fluency | Digital Advertising Operating System Join us at CES 2026 in the Aria Hospitality Suites - Learn More Platform Overview Account Management Budget Management Reporting and Insights Automation with Blueprints Muse AI Solutions For Agencies For Enterprise For Multi-location Resources Overview Blog Case Studies Insights Video Library Events FAQ Savings Tool About Our Company Careers Engineering News Platform Overview Account Management Budget Management Reporting and Insights Automation with Blueprints Muse AI Solutions For Agencies For Enterprise For Multi-location Resources Overview Blog Case Studies Insights Video Library Events FAQ Savings Tool About Us Our Company Careers Engineering News Login BOOK a Demo The Digital Advertising Operating System Don’t let operational bottlenecks and manual processes slow you down. Fluency is the only solution that lets you centralize, automate, and scale advertising across search, social, display and programmatic channels. Launch and manage 1,000s of campaigns effortlessly while improving performance. > > > Get a demo > > > > > > See WHY > > > See how we help agencies Enterprise brands Increase capacity. Accomplish the extraordinary. You can’t hire your way to scale—and you can’t thrive if you’re churning clients and fighting operational bloat. That’s why we built the only OS specifically designed for digital advertising execution and management across complex programs. With Fluency, you’ll experience: Transformational resource savings 90 % Average time savings on digital advertising execution Improved portfolio performance 42 % Average growth across your ad accounts Increased efficiency 3-5 × Increase in accounts your teams can manage Unlimited growth potential 2B + In annual spend under management > > > Explore Platform > > > The OS that scales your entire advertising workflow. With Fluency, you can effortlessly launch, manage, and optimize any size advertising portfolio. Improve results and empower your teams to do more with less time—without compromising performance. Connect your data and processes Data powers advertising. With Fluency, you can integrate all your key data sources (from your CRM to your DAM) into one central system. Eliminate process gaps and silos while streamlining operations. Automate omnichannel campaigns - from end to end No more platform jumping. Launch, manage, and optimize at scale with minimal manual work. Build and execute limitless localized content and creatives while ensuring compliance. View and manage your entire ad portfolio from a single platform. Scale and optimize in real time Scale your advertising, not your overhead. Fluency allows you to run any volume of campaigns dynamically from your data sources, with precision targeting across channels and locations. All the key capabilities you need. All in one place. Work more efficiently and eliminate technical debt with one integrated system powered by automation and integrated, secure AI. > > > find out more > > > Data integration and media planning Connect and activate your data Connect and activate your data Unmatched flexibility to align your data and unite planning and activation into one system. Optimize your media plan Optimize your media plan Centralized performance insights help you optimize your media mix and overall campaign strategies. Streamline sales and planning Streamline sales and planning Use integrated data to create proposals fast and keep sales, account, and ops teams aligned. Multichannel management Manage every key channel from one place Manage every key channel from one place Centrally manage walled gardens and programmatic media. Make granular adjustments or portfolio wide changes in one click. Build content and creative at scale Build content and creative at scale Build and execute limitless localized content and creatives while ensuring compliance. Eliminate overspend and underspend Eliminate overspend and underspend Manage budgets portfolio-wide and automatically pace to your performance goals. No manual work needed.. Reporting and Insights Monitor your portfolio 24/7 Monitor your portfolio 24/7 Get stack-ranked notifications and alerts across channels. Address issues with the click of a button, before they cost your business. Analyze performance instantly Analyze performance instantly Answer every campaign performance question with comprehensive, customizable insights and full integration with your other business intelligence tools. Automate report creation and distribution Automate report creation and distribution See all your performance data in one place and deliver custom reports to all your stakeholders automatically. Everything is tailored to your goals and built for fast action. Process automation and integration Run campaigns that adapt in real time—directly from your data Run campaigns that adapt in real time—directly from your data Create, launch, and manage omnichannel campaigns directly from your data sources, with dynamic inventory and campaign changes that adjust in real time. Connect creative and campaign execution Connect creative and campaign execution Develop and scale creative across formats, based on your data and requirements. Activate them instantly. Collaborate with local clients Collaborate with local clients Interact directly with end-advertisers, and local clients, sharing real-time reports and updates. Powered by partnership. Trusted by top-performing agencies and brands. Fluency’s OS is backed by professional advertisers who support you from setup to scale—from implementation, to on-demand support, and lasting partnership. Hear from our clients about how we help solve their ad ops challenges. “Dealer.com delivers solutions for over 3,000 customers, backed by the best dataset in the industry. The key is putting it to use in a way that drives client outcomes. That’s why our partnership with Fluency is absolutely critical.” Heather Ellis AVP Dealer Marketing Operations Workflow Efficiency 10k + ad accounts supported Results 208 k hours saved through partnership “The things that used to take us weeks to do now take us hours, maybe minutes. Those improvements allowed us to restructure and better serve our client.” Jared Drahonovsky Group Media Manager Workflow Efficiency 90 % less time spent on budget pacing STREAMLINED PROCESSES 2,000+ ads refreshed and QA'd in one day “We're able to spend more time focusing on strategic work. We can test different audiences, executions, strategies, and frameworks within the whole ecosystem without it taking a team of 10 and hundreds and hundreds of hours.” Cassie Allinger Senior Director of Growth Marketing LESS OVERHEAD 50 % decrease in operational costs Results 49 % reduction in CPA “With Fluency, we have way more opportunities to say yes to things because we don’t feel constrained by time, money, or headcount.” NICOLE CRISBACHER SENIOR MARKETING MANAGER Workflow Efficiency 2.5 x increase in strategist capacity Results 99.5 % decrease in CPM vs. direct mail “We've substantially reduced program costs, while improving measurement and reporting. Best of all, our performance has never been better.” Kelly Kutach Chief Marketing Officer LESS OVERHEAD $813,000 decrease in operational costs Results 40% decrease in cost per qualified lead 7x Winner "Fluency gives us cutting-edge technology and the ability to focus on our clients' needs." — Marie-Claire J., Social Media Analyst 7x Winner "We saw a 30% improvement in performance in the first month after switching to Fluency." — Curt F., Founder 7x Winner "Fluency automates 90% of our ad operations, freeing us to focus on strategy and insights." — Cassie A., Sr. Director of Paid Media 7x Winner "Fluency has revolutionized our multichannel ad management, saving us time while improving performance." — Curran G., SEM Analyst 7x Winner “Fluency is like an extra AdOps employee.” —Bradley R., Associate Director, YouTube Ads 7x Winner "Fantastic about integrating with complex systems. Allows us to quickly pivot our approaches based on ever changing needs." — Greg P., Senior Product Manager 7x Winner "Fluency's Muse AI: A Game-Changer for Digital Advertising." — Emily S., Director of Digital Stratgies 7x Winner "Highlighting Strengths and Real-World Impact." — Angela M., Marketing Communications Lead 7x Winner "Fluency: Streamlining Campaign Management with Ease." — Drew P., Agency Principal 7x Winner "Massively Flexible Automation & Management for Multi-Platform Digital Ad Campaign Management." — Doug M., Owner / Operator 7x Winner "Great budget management and integration tool linked with Google ads." — Krystle F., Paid Search Analyst 7x Winner "Best system created to manage all your advertising clients on one platform." — Stephanie P., Store Manager 7x Winner "Effective Budget Management with Overspend Protection." — Jean-Willy A., Digital Marketing Specialist > > > read case studies > > > the latest News & resources > > > View all Resources > > > Blog December 18, 2025 From Insights to Action: Closing the Gap in Multichannel Campaign Management Scaling an ad agency requires more than point solutions. Learn why AdOps tool consolidation is crucial for real-time multichannel campaign management. Read More > > > Blog Paid search Paid social Scale my ad operations Blog December 11, 2025 Multichannel Campaign Management: Why Google Ads and Meta Ads Aren't Enough Siloed AdOps tools like Google Ads Editor and Meta Ads Manager won't scale your growth. Learn how to automate multichannel campaign execution and management. Read More > > > Blog Google Ads Meta (Facebook) Ads Improve multichannel performance Blog December 3, 2025 The Real Cost of Offshoring Your Advertising Operations: Risk, Errors, and Inefficiencies Stop hiring your way to scale. Learn the true cost of offshoring your AdOps (errors, rework, and more) and see why AI-powered automation is more sustainable. Read More > > > Blog Programmatic Paid search Paid social Scale my ad operations NEWs December 16, 2025 Fluency Secures $40M Series A to Bring its AI-Powered Digital Advertising Operating System to More Agencies and Brands Fluency has announced the close of its $40M Series A, funded by Integrity Growth Partners, to scale its Digital Advertising Operating System. The investment will enhance agentic AI capabilities for the platform, which currently powers nearly $3B in annual media spend. Read More > > > Blog No items found. NEWs December 5, 2025 Fluency Reviews: #1 Paid Search Advertising Software in G2 Winter 2026 Reports Fluency earns #1 rankings in G2’s Winter 2026 Reports, recognized for client results, innovation, and leadership in enterprise digital advertising. Read More > > > Blog No items found. NEWs November 19, 2025 Fluency Ranked Number 237 Fastest-Growing Company in North America on the 2025 Deloitte Technology Fast 500™ The Digital Advertising OS Earns Spot on the List for the Third Year in a Row, Attributes Growth to Its Ability to Scale Campaign Execution Beyond Manual Limits Read More > > > Blog No items found. AI Ad automation AdOps efficiency AdTech trends Audience and targeting Budgeting Compliance and brand safety Data management Fluency culture Multi-location Multichannel Optimization Reporting and insights Strategy Team management Want to learn more? Get a personalized consultation! Sign up below to stay up to date with the latest updates from Fluency. Thank you! Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. Product Our Platform Help Center Book a Demo Login >> Solutions For Agencies For Enterprise For Multi-location Resources Overview Blog Case Studies Insights Video Library Events FAQ About us Our Company Careers Engineering News © 20XX Fluency Inc. All rights reserved Privacy policy