Fluke test and
measurement tools

Keeping your world
up and running.

Select a Fluke company
Fluke helps keep business and industry running in over 100 countries.

Our customers count on us for rugged, reliable and accurate test instruments.

We offer test, measurement and monitoring products and software that are used in electronic design, manufacturing, and network troubleshooting, as well as in electrical, industrial, medical, process and calibration applications.

Click below to learn more about our companies.

Fluke Corporation

Keeping your world up and running.®

Leader in test and measurement software

Fluke Corporation is the world leader in professional electronic test tools and software for measuring and condition monitoring. Fluke tools are known for portability, safety, ease-of-use, accuracy and rigid standards of quality.

Select your region

Fluke Calibration

Precision, performance, confidence.™

A leader in precision calibration instruments, equipment, service and software for electrical, RF, temperature, pressure and flow measurements.

Fluke Calibration products are all now on fluke.com!

Select your language

Fluke Biomedical

Trusted for the measurements that matter.™

Biomedical test and simulation products as well as xray test and measurement, diagnostic imaging, radiation safety, and oncology quality-assurance solutions.

Visit Fluke Biomedical

Fluke Process Instruments

Raytek, Ircon, Datapaq – Together we are Fluke Process Instruments.

A triad of the top performing, most rugged and dependable infrared noncontact temperature measurement and profiling equipment made for use in today's most demanding environments.

Visit Fluke Process Instruments

Fluke Networks

Certification, troubleshooting, and installation tools for professionals who install and maintain critical network cabling infrastructure.

Visit Fluke Networks

The Fluke family

The Fluke family includes many brands around the world including PLS, Pomona and Amprobe.

Please use the drop down menu below to select the company you are looking for.

Select a Fluke company
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies