Fluorescent Design Themes Partners Blog About Support Ira Ira Ira Stiletto Stiletto Stiletto Everything you need to succeed on Shopify Make every visit count with our conversion-optimized themes, packed with powerful features and backed by expert support. Shop our themes Shop our themes Shop our themes OUR THEMES Shopify themes built to surprise and delight your customers Get set up quickly using our custom built layouts, or let your imagination run free with a wide selection of flexible sections and features. Shop our themes Shop our themes ECLIPSE Quick setup, polished style Designed for modern merchants, Eclipse offers an elegant look and hassle-free setup to get your store running fast. ECLIPSE Quick setup, polished style Designed for modern merchants, Eclipse offers an elegant look and hassle-free setup to get your store running fast. CORNERSTONE Big, beautiful and fast Built to accommodate even the largest catalogs, Cornerstone is packed with features designed to help you convert visitors into customers. CORNERSTONE Big, beautiful and fast Built to accommodate even the largest catalogs, Cornerstone is packed with features designed to help you convert visitors into customers. STILETTO High-end meets high conversion Flexible and beautiful without sacrificing functionality, Stiletto is designed to power your ecommerce growth. STILETTO High-end meets high conversion Flexible and beautiful without sacrificing functionality, Stiletto is designed to power your ecommerce growth. Spark Effortlessly good Perfect for those merchants kickstarting their business, Spark spans the gap between your vision and the marketplace. Spark Effortlessly good Perfect for those merchants kickstarting their business, Spark spans the gap between your vision and the marketplace. Lorenza Sophisticated, refined, Lorenza Designed and developed in direct collaboration with a few of our favourite clients. Lorenza Sophisticated, refined, Lorenza Designed and developed in direct collaboration with a few of our favourite clients. OUR THEMES Shopify themes built to surprise and delight your customers Five beautifully designed template products starting at just $280 USD and backed by a world-class customer support team. Shop our themes ECLIPSE Quick setup, polished style Designed for modern merchants, Eclipse offers an elegant look and hassle-free setup to get your store running fast. CORNERSTONE Big, beautiful and fast Built to accommodate even the largest catalogs, Cornerstone is packed with features designed to help you convert visitors into customers. STILETTO High-end meets high conversion Flexible and beautiful without sacrificing functionality, Stiletto is designed to power your ecommerce growth. Spark Effortlessly good Perfect for those merchants kickstarting their business, Spark spans the gap between your vision and the marketplace. Lorenza Sophisticated, refined, Lorenza Designed and developed in direct collaboration with a few of our favourite clients. "Fluorescent is the defacto digital design agency for hip, young retailers and entrepreneurs with hustle." "Fluorescent is the defacto digital design agency for hip, young retailers and entrepreneurs with hustle." Harley Finkelstein President, Shopify "Fluorescent is the defacto digital design agency for hip, young retailers and entrepreneurs with hustle." Harley Finkelstein President, Shopify Our Testimonials Making you happy is our business Meet the people leveling up with Fluorescent. Don't just take our word for it, hear directly from our community of satisfied merchants. Discover how people are changing the future of e-commerce. “I needed to upgrade my Shopify theme and I am so happy with Stiletto! I am not a web developer and using the Stiletto theme I was able to create a beautiful site that conveys my brand's story, has great videos, and so many lovely surprising customizable details." “I needed to upgrade my Shopify theme and I am so happy with Stiletto! I am not a web developer and using the Stiletto theme I was able to create a beautiful site that conveys my brand's story, has great videos, and so many lovely surprising customizable details." Tsuno Nov 3rd 2023 “Stiletto is a fantastic theme! Used for 2 store makeovers, and boosted conversions for both. Unparalleled support—responsive, friendly, and knowledgeable. Highly recommended for a successful online presence!" “Stiletto is a fantastic theme! Used for 2 store makeovers, and boosted conversions for both. Unparalleled support—responsive, friendly, and knowledgeable. Highly recommended for a successful online presence!" Huxter Nov 3rd 2023 Our Testimonials Making you happy is our business Discover how people are changing the future of e-commerce. “I needed to upgrade my Shopify theme and I am so happy with Stiletto! I am not a web developer and using the Stiletto theme I was able to create a beautiful site that conveys my brand's story, has great videos, and so many lovely surprising customizable details." Tsuno Jan 1, 2023 “Stiletto is a fantastic theme! Used for 2 store makeovers, and boosted conversions for both. Unparalleled support—responsive, friendly, and knowledgeable. Highly recommended for a successful online presence!" Huxter Jan 1, 2023 All Skill levels Guided tools and documentation to build your perfect store Our themes offer a clean code base for seamless customization, comprehensive documentation, and expert support. Documentation Simplifying store set-up for all skill levels Our theme documentation and support team are available to guide you through your theme’s built-in settings, no matter your experience level. View documentation View documentation Theme Comparison Explore our theme comparison chart All Fluorescent themes offer their own unique styles, settings, and features so you can find the perfect match for your brand and store. Compare themes Compare themes Custom Events Add functionality to the theme without editing any unfamiliar javascript files. Custom Liquid Add a custom drag-and-drop section using Liquid code directly in the theme editor on any page. Editable JavaScript Themes come with the original classic build file if you need to make edits to the theme Javascript. All Skill levels Guided tools and documentation to build your perfect store Our themes offer a clean code base for seamless customization, comprehensive documentation, and expert support. Documentation Simplifying store set-up for all skill levels Our theme documentation and support team are available to guide you through your theme’s built-in settings, no matter your experience level. View documentation Theme Comparison Explore our theme comparison chart All Fluorescent themes offer their own unique styles, settings, and features so you can find the perfect match for your brand and store. Compare themes Custom Events Add functionality to the theme without editing any unfamiliar javascript files. Custom Liquid Add a custom drag-and-drop section using Liquid code directly in the theme editor on any page. Editable JavaScript Themes come with the original classic build file if you need to make edits to the theme Javascript. OUR PARTNERS Grow your business as a Fluorescent partner Join our premier partner network to access tailored support, exclusive resources, and a community dedicated to scaling your clients’ ecommerce success. Learn more Learn more Commissions on sales. Earn a 20% commission* on sales of our Eclipe, Cornerstone, Stiletto, Spark, and Lorenza themes through the Shopify theme store with proof of purchase. Access to our team. Get VIP support and access to our product team  to share your feedback and ideas. Growing together. Featured listing in our Partners directory to drive merchant traffic for small tweaks and theme builds, as well as unique opportunities for co-marketing across various channels. OUR PARTNERS Grow your business as a Fluorescent partner Join our premier partner network to access tailored support, exclusive resources, and a community dedicated to scaling your clients’ ecommerce success. Learn more Commissions on sales. Earn a 20% commission* on sales of our Eclipe, Cornerstone, Stiletto, Spark, and Lorenza themes through the Shopify theme store with proof of purchase. Access to our team. Get VIP support and access to our product team  to share your feedback and ideas. Growing together. Featured listing in our Partners directory to drive merchant traffic for small tweaks and theme builds, as well as unique opportunities for co-marketing across various channels. OUR TEAM Support you can count on We’re invested in the success of your business and we’ve got your back with thorough documentation, video tutorials, and expert advice from our Canada-based team. About us About us Happy to be chatbot-free Our team of friendly humans is happy to answer any questions you have about any Fluorescent product. Expert support staff We have the experience and know-how to help you get the most out of your theme and apps, down to the last line of code. We go the extra mile Access our step-by-step video tutorials to learn your theme or app's more complex features. Superb documentation Set up your theme or app with confidence while receiving ongoing support before and after you launch. OUR TEAM Support you can count on We’re invested in the success of your business and we’ve got your back with thorough documentation, video tutorials, and expert advice from our Canada-based team. About us Happy to be chatbot-free Our team of friendly humans is happy to answer any questions you have about any Fluorescent product. Expert support staff We have the experience and know-how to help you get the most out of your theme and apps, down to the last line of code. We go the extra mile Access our step-by-step video tutorials to learn your theme or app's more complex features. Superb documentation Set up your theme or app with confidence while receiving ongoing support before and after you launch. Stay in the loop Join our mailing list to stay in the know about new and upcoming features, community news, and product updates. No spamming—promise. Stay in the loop Join our mailing list to stay in the know about new and upcoming features, community news, and product updates. No spamming—promise. Stay in the loop Join our mailing list to stay in the know about new and upcoming features, community news, and product updates. No spamming—promise. Fabriqué au Canada · Made in Canada © 2024 Fluorescent Design Inc. Fluorescent Design Inc. is a digital design company specializing in eCommerce templates, apps and services. Our products have been used and enjoyed by millions of people, numbered among them organizations like MoMA, Newsweek, Tesla, Yale and The White House. This page is encrypted. Explore our themes Infinitely flexible and loaded with powerful features, our themes offer endless possibilities to take your brand to the next level. Shop our themes Photography kindly provided by Mlouye . A featured partner of our Context theme. Explore our themes Infinitely flexible and loaded with powerful features, our themes offer endless possibilities to take your brand to the next level. Shop our themes Photography kindly provided by Mlouye . A featured partner of our Context theme. Fabriqué au Canada · Made in Canada © 2024 Fluorescent Design Inc. Fluorescent Design Inc. is a digital design company specializing in eCommerce templates, apps and services. Our products have been used and enjoyed by millions of people, numbered among them organizations like MoMA, Newsweek, Tesla, Yale and The White House. This page is encrypted. Fabriqué au Canada · Made in Canada © 2024 Fluorescent Design Inc. Fluorescent Design Inc. is a digital design company specializing in eCommerce templates, apps and services. Our products have been used and enjoyed by millions of people, numbered among them organizations like MoMA, Newsweek, Tesla, Yale and The White House. This page is encrypted. Explore our themes Infinitely flexible and loaded with powerful features, our themes offer endless possibilities to take your brand to the next level. Shop our themes Menu Menu Menu