Linux Server | www.flynet.pro Navigation Login Support Services Email Marketing Server LAMP Server Linux Server Seedbox Server VDI Server Windows Server Clients Payment Affiliate program Terms of service Service Level Agreement Protection of personal data Whois service Looking Glass Spam alert symbols Сompany Contacts Data center Sign in × Login to your account Sign in with your account Or enter email and password Sign in Sign up Forgot your password? Happy clients: 000 000 Served orders: 000 000 Technical support 24/7 Ticket Support Center Live chat on website Whatsapp chat Telegram chat Email support@flynet.pro Phone +7 705 546 71 96 Linux Server ✔ Up to 32 IPv4 per server, rDNS editor ✔ Built-in protection against DDoS attacks ✔ Full KVM Virtualization ✔ Fast CEPH storage on NVMe ✔ Availability guarantee SLA 99,9 % Operating system Debian 12 Debian 11 Ubuntu 24.04 Ubuntu 22.04 CentOS 9 Rocky Linux 9 AlmaLinux 9 Panel add control panel No panel CPU 3.33 GHz, cores 1 16 RAM DDR4 ECC, Gb 1 16 Storage NVMe cluster, Gb 20 1000 IPv4 1 32 Order Information OS Debian 12 0 ₽ Panel No panel 0 ₽ CPU 1 x 3.33 GHz 0 ₽ RAM 1 Gb 0 ₽ NVMe 20 Gb 0 ₽ IPv4 1 0 ₽ Monthly 10 $ Sign up 22 reasons to order Linux Server now Dedicated IPv4 addresses Up to 32 IPv4 per server. rDNS (PTR) editor. All ports are open. All IPs are clean and checked in DNSBL blacklists. Intel SSD Our storage network build on reliable enterprise SSD drives SLA 99,9% If the server did not work more than 45 minutes over the past month - we will refund the money. MoneyBack 100% MoneyBack. Zero questions. KVM virtualization Guaranteed allocation of resources. Maximum possibilities. Server activation in 5 minutes And this is with the installation of all the latest updates for the selected operating system. CEPH data storage network Allows you to store hot copies of VPS data in several independent data centers at once. Unlimited traffic Guaranteed speed 100 Mbps. Maximum 1 Gbps. Spam and DDoS Protection Traffic analysis at the core network level. Attacks are blocked, not reaching the server. Daily backup and snapshots Manage backups from the control panel. Snapshots are useful for experimenting with the server. Affiliate program We pay 10% of the amount of expenses of each given client. Earn with us! Minimum ping Direct connections to several traffic exchange points make it possible to deliver traffic along the shortest route. 14 years experience Thousands of tests, comparisons, debugs and optimizations. You will like the result! API access to control panel Full control over the server through the REST API. Automate server management from your application! Changes to server settings on the fly Experiment with the power of a VPS server after ordering it. Ready-made templates for web hosting A great solution for hosting multiple sites. All necessary and updated software. Free help to migrate Unnoticed by visitors. We will make basic server optimization for your website. Fine Tariff Configuration Do not pay for packaging! Choose only the options you need in the right amount. VNC console Access to the server console before it is loaded, even at the stage of loading the BIOS. Support any graphics environments. Resource Usage Statistics It will help to find bottlenecks and make your server even faster! Firewall in the control panel Tweaking the firewall from the browser. Simply and clearly. Payment for services in different currencies Dollars, euros, rubles. Payment without commission. SIGN UP Instant payment options Technical support 24/7 Ticket in support center Email support@flynet.pro Services Email Marketing Server LAMP Server Linux Server Seedbox Server VDI Server VPN Server Windows Server Clients Payment Affiliate program Terms of service Whois service Looking Glass Сompany Contacts Data center × Customer registration Sign in with your account Or enter email I accept the Terms and consent to the processing of my personal data in accordance with Policy Sign up I already have an account Contacts | Terms of service | Service Level Agreement | Protection of personal data | Refund Policy 2006-2026 © Flynet LTD