Fermilab | Home Fermilab's Batavia site is open to the public with proper identification. Search Toggle Navbar Toggle Search Home About Science Jobs Contact Phone Book Newsroom Newsroom News and features Press releases Fermilab in the news Photo, video and graphics galleries Fact sheets and brochures Media contacts Press release sign-up Subscribe to our public newsletter Social media Symmetry magazine Interactions.org DUNE at LBNF Community Community Hours and public access Tours, programs and events Education programs Lederman Science Center Calendar of public events Subscribe to our public newsletter Resources for Resources for Employees Researchers Job seekers Public Neighbors Industry Business Visitors Students and teachers Media Fermilab is America's particle physics and accelerator laboratory We bring the world together to solve the mysteries of matter, energy, space and time. Spotlight DUNE at LBNF PIP-II SQMS Center Quantum Information Science SBN Program CMS What we do OUR SCIENCE Particle Physics Accelerators Detectors Quantum Emerging Tech Computing Fermilab news Meet the winners of the 2025 Universities Research Association awards Gray Putnam, James Mott, Lauren Yates and Chris Jensen are this year's recipients of the URA Honorary Awards. The awards are presented each year to recognize significant contributions to research at Fermilab. Fermilab's accomplishments highlight discovery and innovation in 2025 Throughout this year, Fermilab's dedicated scientists, engineers, technicians and operations staff came together to drive discoveries, advance American innovation and prepare the lab for a bright future. DOE recommits $8 million to Fermilab workforce development program for US veterans DOE's Office of High Energy Physics has recommitted and significantly increased its investment in Fermilab's VALOR program. The military veterans' job program was awarded $8 million over the next five years, demonstrating DOE and Fermilab's commitment to workforce development for U.S. veterans. Norbert Holtkamp appointed director of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory Norbert Holtkamp brings deep scientific and operational expertise to Fermilab, having managed large scientific projects throughout his career. MicroBooNE celebrates tenth anniversary at Fermilab The experiment demonstrated the power of liquid-argon time projection chamber technology for neutrino research, and to date, the collaboration has published more than 80 scientific papers, helping lay the foundation for Fermilab's neutrino research program. Fermilab teams up with Proficio to develop water treatment system targeting PFAS Fermilab and a Chicagoland firm Proficio Consultancy are teaming up to develop a specialized water treatment system that uses beams of electrons to destroy harmful chemicals in water. Previous Next MORE NEWS In The Media Peruvian space agency studies the neutrino, an abundant particle on the universe From Andina (Peru), March 22, 2021: Read more about the participation of Peruvian engineer Juan Vega from the Directorate of Astronomy and Space Sciences (DIACE) of the Peruvian Space Agency in the development of the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment managed by Fermilab. Chicagoland Research Institutions Aim to Transform the Water Industry From Business Wire, March 22, 2021: On World Water Day 2021, the University of Chicago, Argonne National Laboratory, and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory highlight Chicago and the greater Midwest as a hub for water innovation. The girls in STEM: this is how we bridge the gender gap From Vanity Fair, March 18, 2021: April is national STEM month in Italy. and Fermilab's Anna Grasselino is highlighted as a role model for young women in pursuit of a career in STEM. Particle Physicists Confirm Existence of Odderon From Sci-News.com, March 19, 2021: Physicists from the TOTEM (TOTal cross section, Elastic scattering and diffraction dissociation Measurement) Collaboration at CERN's Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and the DØ Collaboration at Fermilab have found strong new evidence for the odderon, an elusive three-gluon state predicted almost five decades ago. South Dakota's DUNE Project - Kiewit-Alberici Preps Former Goldmine for Science Experiment From Construction and Engineering, March 16, 2021: A construction and engineering short view on the development of DUNE and the impressive engineering and excavation process involving hundreds of thousands of tons of rock almost a mile below the surface. Cheaper, greener particle accelerators will speed innovation From the Cornell Chronicle, March 16, 2021: Fermilab's Sam Posen has joined the Center for Bright Beams to develop the next generation of superconducting materials that will greatly reduce the costs associated with operating large particle accelerators and lessen their environmental impact. Previous Next MORE IN THE MEDIA Video gallery Final Muon g-2 measurement at Fermilab A mile underground: The large caverns and detectors of DUNE Behind the Science: Fermilab Technicians PIP-II: The new heart of Fermilab Small particles, big science: The international DUNE at LBNF Everything you need to know about Fermilab Previous Next MORE VIDEOS Resources for: Employees Researchers Job seekers Public Neighbors Industry Business visitors Students and teachers Media Public events December 20 - January 4 Property open, Lederman Science Center closed December 31 Property open, Wilson Hall closed at noon January 1 Property open, Wilson Hall and Lederman Science Center closed More Events We bring the world together to solve the mysteries of matter, energy, space and time. Subscribe to our newsletters About Community Newsroom Contact Resources For Employees For Industry Jobs Science DUNE at LBNF Particle Physics Particle Accelerators Detectors, Computing, Quantum Particle Physics 101 Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory Managed by Fermi Forward Discovery Group, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science Security, Privacy, Legal | Use of Cookies