Home - Focus on the Family DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Urgent Need: Families across the nation are struggling to stay strong in a culture pulling them apart – especially during the holiday season. Will you be one of the 550 donors needed today to equip them with trusted biblical resources? 550 donors still needed today! Choose the amount you’d like to give this holiday season! $15 $30 $60 $90 $ Other Please enter a valid amount Don't Wait to DOUBLE Your Impact to Help Save Lives! Urgent Need: Anti-life voices are pushing abortion more than ever. Babies desperately need your help. Will you become 1 of the 550 life champions needed today to help deliver hope and joy to babies this Christmas season? Your gift today will go twice as far to help SAVE LIVES! 550 donors still needed today! Choose the amount you’d like to give this holiday season! $30 $60 $120 $240 $ Other Please enter a valid amount DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Families urgently need your help. Hurry to see your gift go twice as far to help deliver hope and joy this Christmas! DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Don’t wait to see your gift DOUBLED to SAVE LIVES and help deliver hope and joy this Christmas season! DONATE Empower families with biblical resources GIVE MONTHLY Ensure families get access to biblical resources year-round DONATE Save a baby with your gift! GIVE MONTHLY Save babies year-round! DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Families across the nation are struggling to stay strong in a culture pulling them apart. But your MATCHED gift today equips them with tools to thrive! $15 $30 $60 $90 $ Other Please enter a valid amount DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Babies urgently need your help this Christmas season. Don’t wait to see your gift DOUBLED to SAVE LIVES and help deliver hope and joy! $30 $60 $120 $240 $ Other Please enter a valid amount Give now to see your gift DOUBLED to help deliver hope and joy! Give now to see your gift DOUBLED to help deliver hope and joy! DOUBLE Your Impact Before It’s Too Late! Don’t wait to see your gift DOUBLED to SAVE LIVES and help deliver hope and joy! DONATE GIVE MONTHLY DONATE GIVE MONTHLY Español Español Call Store My Account Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Events for Churches Parenting Learn About Age & Stage Parenting Assessment Resources for Dads Resources for Grandparents Host a Parenting Event Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More SeeLife Culture Shows Focus on the Family with Jim Daly Podcasts Get Help Call Us Now Find A Counselor Tough Topics Family Q&A Resources & Referrals About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Events for Churches Parenting Learn About Age & Stage Parenting Assessment Resources for Dads Resources for Grandparents Host a Parenting Event Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More SeeLife Culture Shows Focus on the Family with Jim Daly Podcasts Get Help Call Us Now Find A Counselor Tough Topics Family Q&A Resources & Referrals About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Events for Churches Parenting Learn About Age & Stage Resources for Dads Parenting Assessment Resources for Grandparents Host a Parenting Event Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More SeeLife Culture Get Help Call Us Now Find a Counselor Tough Topics Family Q&A Resources & Referrals Shows Focus on the Family with Jim Daly Podcasts About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore My Account Search Search Home Your Gift DOUBLES to Help Deliver Hope and Joy! Save 2X the marriages and families this Christmas season with your life-changing gift today! Double My Impact Give a single gift OR impact families all year as a Friends of Focus on the Family member. Your Gift DOUBLES to SAVE LIVES! Help deliver hope and joy by rescuing mothers and babies from abortion with your life-changing gift today! Double My Impact Give a single gift OR save lives all year as an Option Ultrasound Life Advocate . Focus on the Family with Jim Daly Best of 2025: How Love Styles Can Help You Grow Closer as a Couple December 30, 2025 Our earliest childhood interactions will shape how we connect and communicate with each other as adults.  The Yerkoviches and Camerons call these ways we interact “love styles,” and they describe how we can overcome wounds of our past to improve and strengthen our relationships, especially in marriage. Listen Now NEVER MISS AN EPISODE: All Episodes LISTEN ON OUR APP: App Store Google Play Recent Articles The Abortion Pill: How Does it Work? How does the Abortion Pill work? There is a lot for all of us to know. Read More » Finding Peace and Trusting God in Hard Times “And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.” – Philippians 4:7 (NIV) Finding peace and trusting God in the Read More » A Pro-Life Inspiration Story: When My Mom Said No A real, pro-life inspiration story from the perspective of the child who lived. Read More » Latest from Jim Daly's Blog, Daly Focus Transform Your Family with These Vital Traits December 3, 2025 Perfect families don’t exist. But fortunately, the goal isn’t perfection.  It’s a family that is healthy and strong. But how do we achieve that? Dr. Gary Chapman teaches families to think like a banker. Bankers don’t learn to spot counterfeit bills. They become so familiar with the real thing that they can easily spot a […] The Focus on the Family Mission To cooperate with the Holy Spirit in sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ with as many people as possible by nurturing and defending the God-ordained institution of the family and promoting biblical truths worldwide. Our Values Throughout my active parenting years I really relied on Focus radio broadcasts for encouragement, guidance, and information... (see more) Anonymous, Ohio Come Visit Us! If you’re in Colorado Springs, we’d be delighted to have you visit our Welcome Center and Bookstore. Guests can become better acquainted with Focus on the Family through a self-guided walking tour, as well as have fun with their children in the Kids’ Korner play area and Whit’s End Soda Shoppe. Our Online Store is Open and Ready to Serve! Our Visitor Center Hours of Operation More From Focus on the Family Has Focus on the Family helped you or your family? Share your story here and inspire others today! 1-800-A-FAMILY (232-6459) help@focusonthefamily.com 8605 Explorer Drive Colorado Springs, CO 80920-1051 About Us Our Values Visit Us Jobs & Volunteering Newsroom Press Center Contact Us Find a Counselor Financials Shows & Podcasts Daily Broadcast The Boundless Show Adventures in Odyssey Radio Theatre Focus on Marriage Podcast Focus on Parenting Podcast Practice Makes Parent All Shows >> Shop Adventures in Odyssey Radio Theatre That the World May Know The Truth Project Magazines All Products >> Donate Make a Donation Other Ways to Give Manage My Donor Account Donor Tax Statements Adventures in Odyssey Radio Theatre That the World May Know The Truth Project Magazines All Products >> Sign Up for Our E-Newsletters Get our updates straight to your inbox. Sign Up Copyright © 2025 Focus on the Family | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Permissions Facebook Logo X Logo YouTube Logo Instagram Logo Pinterest Logo LinkedIn Logo