FOGBUGZ - Where Software Goes to Thrive FOGBUGZ - Where Software Goes to Thrive Contact Us Get Support AI Software Library Everything Else About Us Leadership News Careers Events AI Nav AI Nav Contact Us Get Support AI Software Everything Else About Leadership News Careers Events Software Project Management System Plan, track and release great software with this lightweight and customizable system that seamlessly integrates into any project management workflow. FogBugz is the easy-to-use software project management system for agile teams Out-of-the-box capabilities like time tracking, task management, bug & issue tracking and email support Support for multiple project management methodologies — such as Scrum, Kanban or Scrumban Nimble and customizable to match up with your workflows FEATURES FogBugz is designed for software development teams and includes all the project management tools developers need straight out of the box. Track projects from start to finish You can create your tasks and subtasks for each case with required details and track them to ensure timely closure and accountability. Log and track all your bugs and issues You can maintain your entire project backlog in FogBugz. Your team receives notifications as the bugs move through the workflow. Get accurate delivery estimates FogBugz is powered by Evidence-Based Scheduling (EBS). EBS is a statistical algorithm that produces ship date probability distributions based on historical timesheet data. BENEFITS FogBugz is fast and easy to use. It offers simple configuration and optimized workflows to jumpstart small teams. Track all cases in one place FogBugz tracks bugs, issues and feature requests as cases in one place. Every case is prioritized and assigned to one person. Easily customize case flows Use the workflows in FogBugz to match your team’s needs. Plan at the project, sprint, epic, user story and task levels. Powerful search Search docs, wikis, articles, code, issues, bugs and discussions in one unified view. Quickly find cases based on an array of case fields. Convenient integrations Integrate FogBugz with Slack, Twitter, GitHub, Google Drive and Trello. Speak with an IgniteTech Expert Just complete this quick form and we'll connect you to the right people at IgniteTech who can help you. BACK TO SOFTWARE LIBRARY OVERVIEW FEATURES RESOURCES Copyright © 2026 Ignite Enterprise Software Solutions, LLC IgniteTech is an ESW Capital Group Company | 2028 E Ben White Blvd, Suite 240-2650, Austin, TX 78741 | Legal | Privacy | Terms of Use × GET IN TOUCH WITH OUR EXPERTS " * " indicates required fields Email * Full Name * Topics Message By clicking Submit, you agree to our Terms of Service and that you have read our Privacy Policy . CAPTCHA × Try our AI Tools at no cost 14 day free trials, no credit card required, including an orboarding session to help you get started. Eloquens AI reads, responds to routine emails in minutes, 24/7 GET STARTED Perfect AI-powered digital clones of your company experts GET STARTED Marketing-focused enterprise CMS for modern web experiences GET STARTED × Linkedin Profile