Content Creation Platform - Interactive Content 100% on Brand | Foleon Logo_Foleon_DIAP Product Platform Platform What is Foleon? Get an overview of the platform The Foleon Doc Format What is a Foleon Doc anyway? The Content Builder Create high-impact content in no time The Content Studio Extreme creative freedom, hassle-free Platform Autumn Launch 2025 Learn more about our latest major release Platform Product Explainer Video Get to know Foleon in 100 seconds Features Features Collaboration Distributed content creation at scale Integrations Get more from your existing tech stack Templating Publish quickly and stay on brand Governance Centralized visibility and control Analytics Gather audience engagement insights Features Foleon AI Brand-trained, private, and secure. Foleon AI propels you past the competition. Features Personalization Boost engagement and conversions with our powerful personalization features. Create Create Magazines Brochures White papers Reports Proposals Catalogs Create Landing pages Newsletters Content hubs Microsites Pitch decks Benefits guides Create See all asset types See a complete list of types of documents companies use Foleon for Solutions Enterprise Enterprise Foleon for enterprise Govern creation, ensure compliance, and deliver content that's anything but boring. Enterprise Enterprise brochure Move fast and scale up. Create content locally while you govern it all globally. Smarter ABM starts here ABM helps brands break through and reach the accounts that matter. Foleon makes it scalable. Industries Industries Higher education From admissions to thought leadership Corporate services Showcase your expertise with stand-out content Healthcare From fundraising to community engagement Industrial services Enhance operational efficiency Insurance Modern and personalized insurance content Industries Finance Strengthen trust and brand loyalty Legal Enhance client understanding & engagement Creative agencies Expand your offerings and widen your margins Real estate Convert, engage, and inspire Industries Explore more industries Find out how companies in a variety of industries achieved success with Foleon Marketing Marketing Foleon for marketing teams Because "good" just isn't good enough Marketing Brand marketing Powerful content for exceptional brands Demand marketing Create high-converting gated content Customer marketing Make your content relevant and personal Event management Attract, engage, and inform visitors Sales Sales Foleon for sales teams Content that nudges deals over the line Sales Buyer enablement Deliver bespoke sales content fast Partner enablement Give partners the tools to close deals Fundraising Engage donors and secure support Account-based marketing Create dynamic, personalized content Corporate Comms Corporate Comms Foleon for corporate comms Create content that's consistent, clear, and compelling Corporate Comms Stakeholder engagement Content that leaves an impression Community engagement Captivate community members Human Resources Human Resources Foleon for human resources Empower employees, drive engagement, and reduce turnover Human Resources Employee communications Boost productivity in your workplace Recruitment Attract, engage, and hire more top talent Examples Learn Inspiration Inspiration Customer examples Foleon Docs created by our customers Success stories How companies like yours use Foleon Foleon Originals Foleon Docs created by our team Templates A collection of our full Doc templates Inspiration Reviews & ratings What others are saying about us Environmental responsibility Read our ESG statement Accessibility Read our accessibility statement Inspiration About us Learn about our company, our people, our story, and our values. Education Education Exploration to excellence Check out our content maturity model The Foleon Blog In-depth articles about content and strategy Webinars Upcoming and on-demand webinars Help center Product documentation and how-to's Education The Foleon Academy Browse all of our courses and become a Foleon expert! Plans Contact New to Foleon? New to Foleon? Book a personal demo Book a meeting with an expert and learn more about the Platform New to Foleon? Watch an on-demand demo Watch a short pre-recorded demo that covers Foleon’s basics New to Foleon? Get a free personalized mockup We’ll create a Foleon Doc with your brand styles, on the house Already a customer? Already a customer? Help center Product documentation and how-to's FAQs Find answers to common questions here Product updates Read the release notes of all our latest updates Professional services Get design help or input on your content strategy Already a customer? Contact us Send us a message or give us a call Already a customer? Submit your success story Request to be featured on our website Log in Log in Request a demo The only enterprise-ready content platform Foleon makes it easy for global teams to create high-impact digital documents at scale. Govern every asset. Ensure compliance, and collaborate securely across departments and regions. Request a demo What's Foleon? × Your content is critical. Delivering it shouldn’t be this hard. No consistent standards Every team chooses their favorite tools, with wildly different results. Painful design process Feedback across platforms makes the iterative process slow and tedious. Poor quality output The result is flat, text-heavy PDFs that no one reads, giving no SEO benefit. No way to track success When you can’t see who engages, you can’t get the insights to improve. Turn missed opportunities into impact with a content platform made to scale. With Foleon, exceptional quality and fast output meets granular control and risk mitigation. Create impactful assets fast Our intuitive drag-and-drop editor makes content creation easy — no design or tech skills needed. AI support speeds things up even more, handling alt and meta texts, keywords, and even tone and phrasing revisions. Stay true to your brand Build templates and brand kits that keep each team’s products cohesive — no matter who creates what. Even our AI tools are trained on your brand, not the internet. Govern every asset, minimize risks Centralized governance controls give your teams the freedom to create the assets they need while you stay on top of brand, security, and compliance. More insights, higher rankings, and better results Integrate with all your tools to track engagement, gather actionable insights, and boost both SEO and AI-driven discoverability with structured, optimized content. Designed for every use case Centralize all your content operations in one place, empowering more teams to create while maintaining airtight governance and compliance. Brand marketing Create interactive, visually captivating content that enhances brand awareness and audience engagement. Demand marketing Support revenue growth and a healthy pipeline with powerful interactive content that attracts and converts. Buyer enablement Provide sales teams with customizable, immersive content that helps buyers understand products and make informed decisions. Stakeholder engagement Facilitate the creation of accessible, engaging reports and updates that keep stakeholders informed and invested. Community engagement Build strong, trust-based relationships between your organization and the communities you serve with content that captivates. Customer marketing Expand existing business, lower time to value, and increase retention and adoption rates with content customers love. Event management Surpass registration targets, offset costs, and enhance your visitors’ experience with engaging content they’ll return to. Partner enablement Quickly produce interactive content that empowers partners to market, sell, and deliver your products and services. Fundraising Create compelling content that generates the funds to sustain operations, enable projects, and drive social change. Employee communications Design, manage, and deliver critical information and engaging messages to all your employees. Recruitment Craft appealing job vacancies, interactive employer branding material, and personalized recruitment content in a fraction of the time. Built for your industry Govern creation, ensure compliance, and deliver content that's anything but boring — no matter your sector. Corporate services In a crowded corporate services market, Foleon helps you stand out with stunning, media-rich content that builds trust and showcases expertise. Built for control and compliance, it ensures brand consistency with centralized assets, role-based permissions, and workspace settings. Plus, CRM integrations connect content performance to customer insights for smarter optimization. Learn more Finance Turn dense documents into interactive, easy-to-digest content. Keep your brand consistent with pre-approved templates, global modules, and centralized assets. Stay compliant with GDPR-ready features like role-based permissions, workspace controls, and secure access settings. Learn more Real estate Foleon equips real estate teams to create interactive, visually rich content that builds trust and streamlines workflows across marketing, sales, and operations. Robust brand governance features—like the Brand Console, role-based permissions, and pre-approved templates—ensure consistency and control. With secure workspaces and compliance-ready settings, Foleon helps protect sensitive data and reduce risk. Learn more Legal Foleon helps legal teams create compliant, client-friendly content that works across devices and meets evolving legal standards. Centralized brand controls and pre-approved templates ensure consistent, professional communications. With role-based access, secure workspaces, and GDPR-ready settings, Foleon protects sensitive data and supports regulatory compliance across your firm. Learn more Industrial services Foleon helps Industrial Services teams turn complex information into engaging, multimedia content that’s easy to share and understand. New company-level controls and secure workspaces protect sensitive data, while the Brand Console and global modules keep communications consistent and up to date. Role-based permissions ensure the right access, so every message stays professional, on-brand, and secure. Learn more Higher education Foleon helps higher education institutions modernize alumni and student outreach with interactive content and engagement insights. Our Brand Console ensures a consistent look, while domain controls and secure workspaces protect sensitive data. Personalization tools and global modules make it easy to scale tailored experiences, and AI-powered translation supports diverse audiences. Learn more Easy to create, hard to forget. Check out these remarkable Foleon Docs created by customers. Explore customers Delegate with confidence From marketing to sales, human resources to corporate communications, Foleon brings your content operations together, under one governable system. Marketing Sales Corporate comms Human resources Build brand love and boost pipeline—without breaking a sweat Marketing teams use Foleon to create media-rich brochures, eBooks, and campaign content that convert. The Brand Console ensures every asset stays visually consistent with your brand, while Global Content Modules keep messaging aligned across channels and regions. With personalization at scale, you can tailor content to thousands of contacts in just a few clicks. The Admin Console gives you control over users, domains, and permissions—so you can delegate content creation confidently, with an in-editor text assistant helping teams polish content at the final mile. Learn more Pitch smarter. Personalize faster. Close more deals. Sales teams rely on Foleon to deliver polished, personalized proposals, case studies, and product overviews that move deals forward. 1:1 Personalization lets reps tailor content for each account, while staying on-brand thanks to controls set in the Brand Console. Secure workspaces and role-based access, managed via the Admin Console, protect sensitive deal content. At the same time, Global Content Modules, embedded forms, and an in-editor text assistant help scale your ABM efforts without compromising consistency or speed. Learn more Clear, consistent messaging—no matter the audience Foleon gives corporate communications teams the structure to manage high-stakes messaging across regions and departments. The Brand Console locks in visual standards, while Global Content Modules keep legal, leadership, and ESG statements accurate and up to date. With Admin Console controls and role-based permissions, you can ensure only the right people create, edit, and publish content. AI-powered translation supports global distribution without losing meaning or style. Learn more Keep employees informed, engaged, and aligned HR teams use Foleon to craft consistent, engaging internal communications—from onboarding to policy updates. The Brand Console and Global Modules ensure every piece reflects your company identity and up-to-date standards. Use personalization at scale to tailor experiences by department, role, or region. With Admin Console controls, secure workspaces, and an AI text assistant that helps non-copywriters craft great content, you can delegate content creation across HR functions without risking compliance or accuracy. Learn more Generate ideas and create faster with brand-trained AI Far more than another LLM, Foleon AI is built for organizations that need to move fast without compromising brand, compliance, or creativity. From first brief to omnichannel distribution and optimization, it's AI that thinks like your team and propels you past the competition. AI text assistant AI Assistant helps you brainstorm, write, and handle the last mile of production: rewrites, implementing comments, validation, fact‑checks, SEO suggestions, and alt‑text — directly in the text element you’re editing. Guided Doc creation With our human-guided approach to AI, you can let AI do the tedious and repetitve work while you remain in charge of decisions. Instant localization Foleon’s AI Translation tool makes localizing content fast, affordable, and accurate. Get high-quality translations in over 30 languages directly within your designed docs — and select from multiple tone of voice options. Enterprise-grade security & control Content lives in your own secure environment. No data sharing. No exposure. Full brand governance is enforced at every step. Learn more See why customers love us... “Using Foleon, we are now able to take an agile approach to content production while also reducing our carbon footprint. On average, we produce content 2.5x as fast and save roughly 300 percent in printing costs.” Pascal Martino Pascal Martino, Partner Advisory & Consulting, Deloitte “It really allowed us to do so much more, faster, and more cost-effectively without being dependent on a third party.” Jess Burnett Director of Global Marketing, KBR “We chose Foleon because of the value and versatility of the platform. The fact that we can empower multiple types of users to create Foleon content is a real game-changer.” Ana Gaman Graphic Design Officer,  European Investment Fund “The team provided comprehensive training and support, ensuring we were equipped to leverage the platform’s full capabilities from day one.” Muhamad Diandra Corporate & Marketing Communication, Teijin Aramid Ready to scale content the smart way? Here's how it works. 1. Analyze We assess your current content challenges, and strategic goals to get a clear picture of your operations. 2. Plan Together, we define a high-level approach tailored to your teams, processes, and brand. 3. Implement With enterprise-ready infrastructure in place, your teams begin creating and managing content from day one. Get a personal demo Your browser does not support the video tag. See your brand in a Foleon Doc We'll add your logo and brand styles to one of our premium templates and send you the link. Get a free mock-up Frequently Asked Questions What can I create with Foleon? Your imagination is the limit. Our content creation platform is perfect for making interactive: Lead generation assets Thought leadership material Sales enablement content Account-based marketing assets Intelligent sales proposals Brochures Onboarding manuals and much more… Can I host Foleons on my own URL? Yes! You can easily choose to use your own domain or subdomain . It's also possible to use a reverse proxy to point subdirectories of your primary domain to Foleon, as in https://www.acme.com/foleon/ , thus boosting SEO rankings for your primary domain. Foleon docs are hosted on our global network of secure servers and use a state-of-the-art content delivery network (CDN) to ensure your readers get the best experience regardless of where they're located. Depending on your plan, it’s also possible to host the files on your own servers. How does foleon ensure brand governance? Foleon ensures brand governance through centralized control of brand assets and structured content workflows. The Brand Console allows teams to manage templates, brand kits, and approved media in one place, ensuring every piece of content reflects the latest brand standards. With Global Content Modules, legal disclaimers, messaging, and key information stay consistent across all materials—automatically. Governance is further reinforced with role-based permissions, workspace-level access, and the Admin Console, which controls publishing domains and privacy settings. Teams can confidently scale content creation with guardrails in place, using features like 1:1 Personalization to customize content without compromising core messaging or compliance. What is content operations? Content operations is the structured approach an organization takes to manage the entire content lifecycle—planning, creating, reviewing, publishing, and optimizing. It ensures teams can produce high-quality, on-brand, and compliant content at scale. With features like role-based permissions, workspace organization, and the Brand Console, Foleon supports a scalable governance model that keeps content consistent and secure across teams and regions. It also streamlines collaboration and workflows, making it easy for marketing, legal, and subject matter experts to work together without bottlenecks. By centralizing assets, tracking performance with analytics, and enabling personalization at scale, Foleon helps businesses deliver impactful content faster—while maintaining control every step of the way. What AI features does Foleon provide? Foleon's AI capabilities are designed to dramatically accelerate global content production and finalize the content creation process. The features, which require administrator opt-in via the Admin Console for governance, include: AI Translation Instantly create full Foleon Doc translations in 30+ languages while preserving layout and design integrity. Choose from multiple styles and tone of voice options. This reduces rework and agency reliance for global scaling. AI Text and Chat Assistant Within the editor, accelerate the last mile of production by unifying brand tone, generating SEO keywords and alt-text, and assisting with textual revisions, ensuring brand-true precision without leaving the workflow. File to Foleon Doc Converter Using an AI layout engine, Foleon can quickly turn legacy PDFs, Word docs, and more into editable Foleon documents in seconds, ready to use with Brand Kits, modules, personalization, and analytics, helping close the digital gap. Foleon's AI is trained on your brand — not the internet — elminating hallucinations and ensuring brand compliance. All data lives in your own secure environment. No sharing. No exposure. Full brand governance is enforced at every step. How does Foleon align with my SEO strategy? Unline PDFs or other legacy document formats, Foleon seamlessly supports your SEO strategy in multiple ways, whether you place them on a subdomain or your primary domain: Boost your primary domain: It is possible, with a reverse proxy, to point directories of your primary domain to Foleon Docs (e.g., acme.com/foleon/ ). Using this strategy, your Foleon content contributes directly towards your primary domain's authority and rankings. Subdomains Enhance SEO: By default, Foleon Docs live on a subdomain (e.g., foleon.acme.com ). Subdomains are part of your website ecosystem and can benefit your overall SEO strategy, especially with metadata optimization and inter-linking. Docs can also be embedded on your main site to increase visibility. Customizable URLs and Metadata: Foleon enables you to customize metadata with targeted keywords, allowing your Docs to rank well for specific search queries. Content Quality and Engagement: Foleon Docs are interactive, dynamic, and engaging, keeping users on the page longer—a factor search engines reward. They also provide analytics that helps you refine content to drive even better results. Tip: Whether you use subdomains or put Foleon Docs on your primary domain, both methods have unique advantages. With the right strategy, Foleon Docs can advance your SEO goals and complement your broader content strategy effectively. You can read more in Foleon and SEO Doc . Are there templates I can use? Yes, we have a large selection of professionally designed templates that you can use and customize with your own branding, assets and content. You can also create your own templates to reuse across your account, and using roles and permissions, decide who is able to edit them so you always stay on-brand. How is Foleon different than a website or CMS? While they share the same technology, their usage and output is very different. A website (as its name implies) is like a spiderweb where everything is connected to everything else. Documents made with Foleon are linear, encapsulating a narrative that audiences can navigate through without losing context. Foleon Docs transform content traditionally confined to PDFs—like annual reports, proposals, and white papers—into dynamic, interactive experiences. The advantages of online hosted content include the ability to track engagement with Google Analytics, present content perfectly on any device (responsiveness), personalize content, and many more distribution options. Do I need to know how to code? You don't need any coding experience to create content in Foleon. Our platform uses an intuitive drag and drop interface. Forms, buttons, overlays, embeds, background videos, margins, and paddings — everything is editable with our advanced, user-friendly interface. Is Foleon content accessibility compliant? Yes, Foleon content is designed to be accessibility compliant, adhering to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) . Features include support for keyboard navigation, screen reader compatibility, and customizable text and contrast to ensure inclusivity and usability for all audiences. Do you offer NGOs and non-for profit organizations special pricing options? Yes, indeed we do. We offer special pricing for NGOs, Public Healthcare and Higher education institutions. Please contact us for more details and requirements. Do you have a special offering for Agencies? Yes. We have a dedicated Agency plan in place that perfectly caters to the agency's business model. Please check out this Foleon Doc for details on the offering and how Agencies can leverage Foleon. Of course, you can always reach out to us so we can discuss the model and your needs in detail. Solutions Brand marketing Demand marketing Buyer enablement Account-based marketing Customer marketing Employee communications Resources Examples Success stories Blog & Resources Webinars Professional services Procurement info About us About us Vacancies Environmental responsibility Partners Press & media Questions? Contact us Support FAQ Foleon Academy Help center System status Popular topics How to Write and Format a White Paper What Makes for a Successful B2B Marketing Campaign 6 reasons why you should stop using PDF for business communications 19 Types of Marketing Collateral You Need Now Building and Applying a Content Marketing Strategy 6 Popular Types of Content Experiences (with Examples) How to Start Your Own Online Magazine from Scratch For you General Conditions Privacy Policy ISO 27001 Accessibility Cookie policy Cookie Settings © Foleon