Folkd
Home
Sign Up
Member Login
Looking for love? Or just a hot date tonight?

Folkd has been connecting millions of people online since 2006. Join today for free and meet them now!

Join now for free
Millions of Members

Folkd has millions of high-quality singles looking to date!

Fast & Easy to Join

Folkd is is fast, FREE and easy to join! What are you waiting for?

Safe + Secure

Every member is verified at the time of registration for your safety.

Millions of Singles for You

Whether you’re looking for love or just a good time, Folkd has millions of members for you to connect with! Join today for free!

Join today! Millions of singles are waiting…
JOIN TODAY FOR FREE
Member Testimonials

Folkd is the best! I used to hate online dating because the sites I tried didn’t have enough people. Folkd has millions!

Eric S.

SEATTLE, WA, USA

The guys on Folkd are so much fun! I haven’t found “the one” quite yet but the dating has been super fun!

Sarah T.

MIAMI, FL, USA

I love how Folkd’s app is so easy to use. My profile was set up quickly and I started meeting people right away!

Bret D.

LONDON, ENGLAND

ABOUT FOLKD
Millions of Members.
Easy to use.
Free to Join.

Dating online can be frustrating. But we make it easy with fast profile setup, smart matching, and much more.

JOIN NOW FOR FREE
The secret of dating success is Folkd

If you haven’t found what you’re looking for on other dating sites then you’ll love Folkd.

Millions of Members

Quantity of high-quality singles is the most important factor in dating success.

Mobile + Desktop

If you want to win the dating game, it’s more fun if you can do it from anywhere.

Verified Upfront

We verify every member when they join so you don’t waste your time.

Free to Join

We’re so confident that you’ll love Folkd so we make it free to join!

Join now and meet singles today!
Get started today

To help maximize the chances of meeting the right person for you, Folkd is part of a shared mainstream dating network of members and sites. This means that by joining Folkd you automatically get access to members who are part of this shared network, significantly increasing the chances of finding what you’re looking for. By joining Folkd, your profile will also appear to members of other sites on the shared network.


Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Cookie Policy

Copyright 2025 Folkd Inc. All rights reserved.

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok