Campus Solutions
Who We Help
Resources
About Us
Contact Us

Your campus brand meets our custom solutions

We’re shaping the future with transformative collegiate retail experiences, pioneering technology, and programs that ensure students get affordable, convenient access to course materials. Together with you, we envision, design, and implement big ideas that drive student success and evoke campus pride.  
LET'S GET STARTED
Campus Solutions
Superior end-to-end campus experiences
Academic Programs 
Retail Experiences 
Merchandise and Services
Academic Programs 
When students and faculty have the materials they need to succeed, everyone wins. Follett streamlines the academic journey with industry-leading technology, making learning a smooth process for all.  
IMPROVE COURSE MATERIAL ACCESS
We make course materials convenient and affordable for everyone.

Discover what’s possible with Follett, North America’s leading campus retail partner.

ABOUT US
1,000+
campus partners
400+
Affordable Access Programs
150+
years of industry-leading innovation
7.5M+
students served
Celebrating the academic journey

At every step of the higher education journey, we help you engage your community and bring your brand to life.

EXPLORE THE ACADEMIC JOURNEY
Acceptance
Help students feel connected to campus pride from the moment their journey begins.
LEARN MORE
Orientation
Give students access to the tools and resources they need to be successful–in store and online.
LEARN MORE
Education
Improve student outcomes and ensure academic freedom with solutions for any model, any format.
LEARN MORE
Athletics
From NIL to game day, we’re here to help you find new ways to celebrate the fan experience.
LEARN MORE
Graduation
Get regalia into students’ hands easily, and make your store a campus-wide destination.
LEARN MORE
Alumni
Inspire continued engagement and campus spirit for your alumni, in collaboration with Follett.
LEARN MORE
We support over 1,000 campuses nationwide. Read their stories.

Upgrading the Retail Space at Arizona State University

With Follett, the ASU team recently embarked on a full-scale transformation of several retail spaces on campus to provide affordable, high-quality services and an enriched shopping experience. Repeatedly ranked #1 in innovation, sustainability, and global impact, ASU is committed to providing a best-in-class experience for their unique student population.

Recommended Resources
VIEW ALL
Blog
A Roadmap for Launching Campus-Wide Access: Purdue University Northwest
April 25, 2024
READ ARTICLE
Video
Elevating the Fan Experience: The HBCU NY Classic
October 30, 2024
VIEW VIDEO
Video
Opening Day at the Baylor University Spirit Shop
October 03, 2023
VIEW VIDEO
Ready to explore our full suite of academic & retail solutions?
DOWNLOAD THE GUIDE
Need more information?
CONTACT FOLLETT
CAMPUS SOLUTIONS
Campus Store
Course Materials
Access Programs
Apparel & Merchandise
Fan Shops
Virtual & Hybrid Stores
Technology
ABOUT US
Our Mission
The Academic Journey
Meet Our Team
Press & Media
Careers
Brand Partnerships
Policies
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Customer Support Center
Contact Us
Find Your Campus Store
RESOURCES
Podcasts & Videos
Campus Connections Blog
Webinars & Events
Virtual Lookbook
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Copyright © 2025 Follett Corporation
|
3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Westchester, IL 60154