Follett Software | K-12 Educational Technology Logins: Accessit Aspen SIS Barcodes & Scanners Destiny Discover Destiny Fundraising Manager Titlewave Follett Software K-12 Educational Technology Solutions Meet the Suites A connected suite of solutions for streamlining complex processes across schools and districts. Cloud Hosting Library Suite Destiny Library Manager Accessit Library Destiny District Classroom Library Destiny Resource Manager Destiny AI Facilities Suite Facilties Binders Facilties Drawings Capital Plans Facilties Projects Facilties Schedules Work Orders Facilities Utilities Technology Suite IT Asset Manager IT Help Desk Destiny AI Finance Suite Destiny Fundraising Manager Destiny Fee Manager Student Information Suite Aspen SIS Aspen Online Registration Destiny Fee Manager Software Support Find the help, community, and answers you’re looking for. Learn More Services Our Services Tap into a trusted team dedicated to your success with industry-leading customer service, helping you maximize your software subscription. Find inspiration and information through webinars, trainings, and a wide community of support. Learn More Inventory Services Outsource your operational tasks to the Inventory Services team to save time, money, and space while maximizing your resources, enabling you to focus on what matters most – helping students learn and grow. Implementation Ensure a smooth and efficient launch of your Follett Software solution with comprehensive Implementation Services, designed to maximize your investment and equip your team with expert training and support. Professional Services Our facilities and technology specialists act as an extension of your district staff to help leverage all the benefits of our software applications quickly and easily. Return On Investment is typically measured in months with extended systems usability, more efficient service and maintenance, and improved capital planning. Consulting Follett Consulting Services offer specialized support to help you achieve exceptional outcomes and maximize your resources. Training Unlock the full potential of Follett Software with interactive, hands-on training, featuring live or on demand workshops tailored to your needs, complete with expert guidance and practice sessions. Roles How We Help By replacing complex, disparate tools, our technology enhances resource management and data utilization, boosting both student success and educator satisfaction. Learn More District Administrators Manage assets and student information seamlessly across the district. Technology Leaders Optimize resource management and streamline device updates and help desk operations for efficient device management. Finance Leaders Simplify fundraising, expense tracking, and financial reporting processes. Librarians Track inventory and keep your library up to date. Teachers Engage students with a well-managed classroom library. Facilities Leaders Keep buildings and departments on the same page in one solution while tracking the work that is being done efficiently. Resources All Resources Blog Webinars Case Studies Guides eBooks White Papers Videos News Follett Community Support Center Becoming a Next-Gen Facility Manager Read More AI in the School Library: Refinement, Not Replacement Read More Contact Us Search Stop Losing Money You Already Paid For AI-enabled operational suites for Library, Technology, and Facilities give districts a clear, defensible view of all assets — books, devices, and buildings — to extend lifecycles, recover costs, and reduce risk. Follett Software - built for the way K12 districts operate. Get Started Integration Partners Powerful tools that simplify the complex work of running schools and districts. Explore the K-12 solution thats right for you. Library Suite Facilities Suite Student Information Suite Technology Suite Finance Suite View All Suites IT Asset Manager The Technology Suite Just Got Even Better. One Seamless System for Complete IT Control. Explore the NEW IT Asset Manager Solutions for Your Everyday Needs Search By Role Our tailored solutions are designed to meet your people where they are — and help them work faster and smarter. District Administrators Track assets and student information. Learn More Librarians Track library inventory. Learn More Teachers Build and manage classroom materials. Learn More Technology Leaders Manage resources and update devices. Learn More Finance Leaders Simplify fundraising, expenses, and reporting. Learn More Facilities Improve efficiencies for the district. Learn more Destiny Resource Manager’s reporting features really help our campuses with their end-of-year collection of materials. It allowed us to have 100% collection rate from our seniors for their textbooks. Amanda Piper-McClure Instructional Resource & Technology Manager Want to Learn More? Reach out to a Follett team representative for more product information, a personalized demo, or explore how we can help solve your operational needs. Contact Us Ignite Impact $22B Assets Managed 160 Countries 4M+ Daily Logins 99.9% Platform Uptime With You Every Step of the Way Intuitive Onboarding Learn More Inventory Services Learn More World-Class Training Learn More Consulting Learn More For the Love of Education Everything we do is for educators. We’re partnering with them to advance a bold vision for education that boosts district performance and student success. About Us Related Resources Destiny Resource Manager: Data Nerd Delight: Resource Statistics & Reports Webinars Learn More Destiny 23.5 Release – Product Walkthrough (International) Webinars Learn More Destiny 23.5 Release – Product Walkthrough (U.S.) Webinars Learn More All Resources Let’s Get Started Ready to make every resource work harder for your district? Let's partner to create a system that's right for you. Contact Us Sign Up for Our Newsletter Follett Software K-12 Educational Technology We empower educators across roles with technology that streamlines processes and manages information and resources to improve their schools, increase student success, and drive the future of education. Company About Us Meet Follett Software Sign up for Follett Newsletters Careers Data Security Software Partners Contact Us Solutions Meet the Suites Technology Suite Library Suite Facilities Suite Finance Suite Student Information Suite Follett Software Support Our Services Roles District Administrators Librarians Teachers Technology Leaders Finance Leaders Facilities Leaders Resources All Resources Blog Case Studies Webinars Follett Academy Training Support Center Copyright © 2025 Follett Software, LLC Terms of Use Privacy Policy Notice to Vendors Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram