Home | Food Safety News Skip to content Sign Up for Free FSN Weekly Newsletter Trusted by 45,000+ food safety leaders, regulators, and professionals. Personal information Subscribe Great! Check your inbox and click the link. Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again. Close FSN Food Safety News Sign In Join Become a Member Menu Home Recalls Outbreaks Store Events About Media Kit Contact Facebook Twitter Bluesky Discord Github Instagram Linkedin Mastodon Pinterest Reddit Telegram Threads Tiktok Whatsapp YouTube RSS Search Search Close Consumer Education Enforcement Food Policy & Law Food Safety Guides Foodborne Illness Investigations Government Agencies Nutrition & Public Health Opinion & Contributed Articles Outbreaks Recalls Science & Research World View All Categories Become a Member Follow us Facebook Twitter Bluesky Discord Github Instagram Linkedin Mastodon Pinterest Reddit Telegram Threads Tiktok Whatsapp YouTube RSS Outbreak Tracker 🔴 Outbreak Tracker : - : - Outbreaks Members-only Large Australian Salmonella outbreak linked to sandwich shop Dirty blender blamed for contamination. By Joe Whitworth / 31 Dec 2025 Latest See All Food Policy & Law Coalition of consumer advocates demands action on infant formula A group of consumer advocate organizations has asked top health officials to take immediate action to protect the safety of infant formula.

The Safe Food Coalition says the federal government By Coral Beach / 31 Dec 2025 World UK likely introduced Salmonella strain into Korea A type of Salmonella was likely introduced into South Korea from the United Kingdom, according to researchers.

Scientists analyzed whole genome sequences of Salmonella Enteritidis isolates in South Korea that By Joe Whitworth / 31 Dec 2025 World Members-only 2025: From deadly mushrooms to fatal E. coli outbreaks Two major E. coli outbreaks, the verdict in the Australian mushroom case, and movement on the South African Listeria class action dominated world headlines in 2025.

Italian produce continued to By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 Outbreaks Woman dies from botulism in Argentina One person has died and two other cases of foodborne botulism have been reported in an Argentinian province.

The Ministry of Health of La Pampa said the trio had food By News Desk / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only Spain records 800 outbreaks and 10 deaths in 2024 More than 800 outbreaks were notified in Spain in 2024 with 250 because of Salmonella, according to a recently released report.

In Spain, outbreaks must be reported to the National By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 holiday food safety Keep your New Year's snacks safe With New Year's Eve celebrations just around the corner, it's important to remember food safety tips to keep friends and families safe.

It is often popular By News Desk / 29 Dec 2025 More news Members-only Become a FSN+ member Outbreaks Members-only Large Australian Salmonella outbreak linked to sandwich shop Dirty blender blamed for contamination. By Joe Whitworth / 31 Dec 2025 World Members-only 2025: From deadly mushrooms to fatal E. coli outbreaks Two major E. coli outbreaks, the verdict in the Australian mushroom case, and movement on the South African Listeria class action dominated world headlines in 2025.

Italian produce continued to By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only Spain records 800 outbreaks and 10 deaths in 2024 More than 800 outbreaks were notified in Spain in 2024 with 250 because of Salmonella, according to a recently released report.

In Spain, outbreaks must be reported to the National By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only Botulism outbreak prompts infant formula risk assessment The international committee on food safety is reviewing infant formula safety. By Joe Whitworth / 29 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only FDA warns New York egg producer after violations of federal law discovered As part of its enforcement activities, the Food and Drug Administration sends warning letters to entities under its jurisdiction. Some letters are not posted for public view until weeks or By News Desk / 29 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only Border controls reveal supplements problem By Joe Whitworth / 29 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only FDA increases enforcement of import laws for seafood, candy and more The Food and Drug Administration uses import alerts to enforce U.S. food safety regulations for food from foreign countries. The agency updates and modifies the alerts as needed.

Recent By News Desk / 26 Dec 2025 World Members-only South Africa reports Listeria and Salmonella data Listeria infections fell but Salmonella cases climbed in South Africa in 2024, according to recently released statistics.

Data comes from the Germs-SA annual review, which is compiled by the National By Joe Whitworth / 26 Dec 2025 Previous Next Recalls See all Recalls Massive recall due to rodent and bird feces The U.S. Food and Drug Administration determined that the facility was operating under insanitary conditions, including the presence of rodent excreta, rodent urine, and bird droppings in areas where medical devices, drugs, human food, pet food, and cosmetic products were held. By News Desk / 27 Dec 2025 Recalls Ground beef recalled because of E. coli O26 No illnesses reported to date. By News Desk / 27 Dec 2025 Recalls Warning issued after cheese taken from landfill New Zealand Food Safety is warning people about the unauthorized sale of cheese that had been sent to a landfill.

The cheese appears to have been taken from the Putaruru By News Desk / 23 Dec 2025 Recalls E. coli outbreak traced to Pillsbury pizza pops; recall underway Four varieties of Pillsbury brand pizza pops are under recall in Canada because of contamination with E. coli. The products are associated with an ongoing outbreak of E. coli infections. By News Desk / 21 Dec 2025 Recalls More shrimp recalled for possible radioactivity Direct Source Seafood LLC, of Bellevue, WA, is recalling 83,800 bags of frozen raw shrimp, imported from Indonesia, sold under the Market 32 and Waterfront Bistro brands because they By News Desk / 21 Dec 2025 Outbreaks See all Outbreaks Members-only Large Australian Salmonella outbreak linked to sandwich shop Dirty blender blamed for contamination. By Joe Whitworth / 31 Dec 2025 Outbreaks FDA investigated more than 30 outbreaks in 2025 Thirteen outbreaks were unsolved. By Coral Beach / 30 Dec 2025 Outbreaks Woman dies from botulism in Argentina One person has died and two other cases of foodborne botulism have been reported in an Argentinian province.

The Ministry of Health of La Pampa said the trio had food By News Desk / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only South Africa reports Listeria and Salmonella data Listeria infections fell but Salmonella cases climbed in South Africa in 2024, according to recently released statistics.

Data comes from the Germs-SA annual review, which is compiled by the National By Joe Whitworth / 26 Dec 2025 Outbreaks Oysters are likely source of Salmonella outbreak Public health officials believe raw oysters are behind an outbreak of Salmonella infections that has sickened people from coast to coast. By Coral Beach / 23 Dec 2025 Opinion & Contributed Articles See all Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: 2025 Outbreaks we will follow in 2026 I think many are looking forward to leaving 2025 and hope for a better food safety future in 2026. By Bill Marler / 27 Dec 2025 Opinion & Contributed Advances in diagnostics improve food safety when interventions keep pace Dr. Keith Warriner and Dr. Cristina Chaippe By Guest Contributor / 26 Dec 2025 Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: Food Safety Naughty List My same Food Safety Elves helped weigh in on the Naughty List.  Honestly, during the joyous season, I tend to think more nice thoughts, but these on the Naughty List were hard to ignore. By Bill Marler / 23 Dec 2025 Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: Food Safety Nice List I reached out to many food safety elves around the world and the below was the clear consensus of who should be on the Nice List -- there were many left off the list -- but, you are still nice in my book - Happy Holidays. By Bill Marler / 23 Dec 2025 Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: Is ByHeart formula still on store shelves? Have kids become infected with botulism AFTER the recall? Rumor has it that cans of ByHeart are still being found on store shelves.

Here are some facts. The incubation period for infant botulism is 3-30 days. The first recall By Bill Marler / 23 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law See all Food Policy & Law Coalition of consumer advocates demands action on infant formula A group of consumer advocate organizations has asked top health officials to take immediate action to protect the safety of infant formula.

The Safe Food Coalition says the federal government By Coral Beach / 31 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only FDA warns New York egg producer after violations of federal law discovered As part of its enforcement activities, the Food and Drug Administration sends warning letters to entities under its jurisdiction. Some letters are not posted for public view until weeks or By News Desk / 29 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only Border controls reveal supplements problem By Joe Whitworth / 29 Dec 2025 Enforcement Investigations target meat, honey and wine sectors in Portugal The Portuguese Economic and Food Safety Authority (ASAE) conducted several inspections covering animal origin products to verify compliance with legal requirements regarding traceability, freezing procedures and packaging in meat product cutting rooms around Faro. By Joe Whitworth / 26 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only FDA increases enforcement of import laws for seafood, candy and more The Food and Drug Administration uses import alerts to enforce U.S. food safety regulations for food from foreign countries. The agency updates and modifies the alerts as needed.

Recent By News Desk / 26 Dec 2025 World See all World UK likely introduced Salmonella strain into Korea A type of Salmonella was likely introduced into South Korea from the United Kingdom, according to researchers.

Scientists analyzed whole genome sequences of Salmonella Enteritidis isolates in South Korea that By Joe Whitworth / 31 Dec 2025 World Members-only 2025: From deadly mushrooms to fatal E. coli outbreaks Two major E. coli outbreaks, the verdict in the Australian mushroom case, and movement on the South African Listeria class action dominated world headlines in 2025.

Italian produce continued to By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only Spain records 800 outbreaks and 10 deaths in 2024 More than 800 outbreaks were notified in Spain in 2024 with 250 because of Salmonella, according to a recently released report.

In Spain, outbreaks must be reported to the National By Joe Whitworth / 30 Dec 2025 World Members-only Botulism outbreak prompts infant formula risk assessment The international committee on food safety is reviewing infant formula safety. By Joe Whitworth / 29 Dec 2025 Food Policy & Law Members-only Border controls reveal supplements problem By Joe Whitworth / 29 Dec 2025 Our writers See all Bill Marler Accomplished personal injury lawyer, Food Safety News founder and publisher, and internationally recognized food safety expert. Bill's advocacy work has led to testimony before Congress and his blog reaches 1M+ readers annually. All articles Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: 2025 Outbreaks we will follow in 2026 Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: Food Safety Naughty List Opinion & Contributed Articles Publisher's Platform: Food Safety Nice List Dan Flynn Veteran journalist with 15+ years covering food safety. Dan has reported for newspapers across the West and earned Associated Press recognition for deadline reporting. At FSN, he leads editorial direction and covers foodborne illness policy. All articles Lawsuits & Litigation Modest fines and water quality master ends Oklahoma v Tyson Food Policy & Law Sunday Edition: Pursuing a single food safety authority Food Safety Leaders Alliance to Stop Foodborne Illness expands membership Coral Beach Managing Editor Coral Beach is a print journalist with more than 35 years experience as a reporter and editor for daily newspapers, trade publications and freelance clients including the Kansas City Star and Independence Examiner. All articles Food Policy & Law Coalition of consumer advocates demands action on infant formula Outbreaks FDA investigated more than 30 outbreaks in 2025 Outbreaks Oysters are likely source of Salmonella outbreak Jonan Pilet Newsletter Editor and Social Media Coordinator at Food Safety News. Based in Huntington, West Virginia, Jonan holds a Bachelor of Arts from Houghton College and a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing from Seattle Pacific University. All articles Consumer Education Why the viral TikTok ‘Gatorade Burger’ trend may be unsafe Consumer Education Pet food dangers: How contaminated raw diets and kibble threaten human health Enforcement Stop & Shop fined $75K for mislabeling, spoiled meat Joe Whitworth Prior to reporting for Food Safety News, Whitworth worked for William Reed as editor of Food Quality News before becoming food safety editor for Food Navigator. He was named in the Top 40 Food Safety Professionals Under 40 in 2023. All articles Outbreaks Large Australian Salmonella outbreak linked to sandwich shop World UK likely introduced Salmonella strain into Korea World 2025: From deadly mushrooms to fatal E. coli outbreaks Cookson Beecher Award-winning journalist with 10+ years covering food science for Food Safety News. Cookson previously worked as an agriculture and environment reporter for Capital Press. She holds a degree in Political Science from Hunter College. All articles Food Policy & Law Closing a small trade loophole could make a huge difference Science & Research Is cow-free milk the next lab food? Consumer Education Some dairies offering a safe alternative to raw milk Events See all Upcoming GFSI Conference Organized by the Global Food Safety Initiative, this global forum brings together supply-chain leaders, regulators, and certification bodies to explore resilient, tech-forward strategies for achieving trusted food safety and compliance worldwide. Upcoming Food Safety Summit The Food Safety Summit is the annual gathering where regulators, industry leaders, and food safety professionals come together to discuss emerging risks, regulatory changes, and best practices shaping the safety of our food supply. Upcoming AFDO Annual Educational Conference Hosted by the Association of Food & Drug Officials (AFDO), this conference gathers federal, state, local and industry professionals for multi-track sessions on regulatory trends, retail/manufacturing control, produce, body-art and food safety best practices. Upcoming IFT First A major food-science and technology expo, IFT FIRST connects researchers, innovators, brand leaders and policymakers to breakthrough developments in ingredients, processing, safety analytics and sustainability that are shaping tomorrow’s food system. Your Support Protects Public Health Food Safety News is nonprofit and reader-funded. Your gift ensures critical coverage of outbreaks, recalls, and regulations remains free for everyone. Donate Today About FSN FSN Food Safety News foodsafetynews.com 180 Olympic Drive S.E. Bainbridge Island , Washington 98110 Sign up ️✉️ Email | 🛜 RSS Feed Follow Us on Social Media Facebook Twitter Bluesky Discord Github Instagram Linkedin Mastodon Pinterest Reddit Telegram Threads Tiktok Whatsapp YouTube RSS Top Categories Food Policy & Law Food Safety Guides Opinion & Contributed Articles Outbreaks Recalls View All Categories Quick Tools Find Your Health Department Restaurant Inspections Events Calendar Letters to the Editor Submit a News Tip RSS Feed About FSN About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Media Kit Store Donate Home Recalls Outbreaks Store Events About Media Kit Contact ©2025 Food Safety News .