Food Dive: Food Industry News and Analysis Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's food industry news Let Food Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Ingredients Weekly Every Thursday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Finances & Deals Manufacturing Ingredients Corporate Ops Policy Meat & Poultry Beverages Luke Sharrett via Getty Images Jim Beam halts production at flagship Kentucky distillery The bourbon maker is pausing operations for a year at its main manufacturing plant as it battles declining alcohol consumption and high barrel-aging taxes. Read more ➔ Top stories The biggest food and beverage M&A deals in 2025 SNAP consumers outspend other grocery shoppers, data shows PepsiCo, Walmart accused of price fixing in class action lawsuit Laird Superfood grows health and wellness portfolio with $39M acquisition Beyond Meat terminates controller after identifying material weakness The Latest Courtesy of Mondelēz International Column Leftovers: Ritz embraces sweet and salty | Stoli spices up vodka The Mondelēz brand is introducing Drizzled Minis to “push the boundaries of what a cracker can be," while Laird Superfood rolls out new innovations for health-conscious consumers. Ingredients Courtesy of Athletic Brewing Company Athletic makes its own Dry January to boost nonalcoholic beer The promotion includes a tie-up with OpenTable that includes a map spotlighting locations where the brand’s products are served. Beverages Andrew Harnik via Getty Images How MAHA transformed the food industry in 2025 Lawmakers capitalized on anxieties around ultraprocessed ingredients to introduce new regulations, with companies choosing to reformulate or fight back. Ingredients David Becker/Getty Images for Nightclub & Bar Media Group via Getty Images White Claw maker names first new CEO in 50 years Mark Anthony Group founder Anthony Von Mandl will stay on as chairman while Phil Rosse takes on the top leadership role. Corporate Operations Getty Images Opinion Taste no longer trumps all: How functional foods are changing the rules on flavor As wellness culture is shaping everyday choices, people are more willing to trade indulgence for ingredients that promise health benefits, writes Patricia Manos of Curion. Ingredients Getty Images The biggest food and beverage layoffs in 2025 Nestlé, General Mills and Molson Coors were among the most high-profile companies to announce job cuts or plant closures this year. Manufacturing Retrieved from J&J Snack Foods . J&J Snack Foods to close 3 manufacturing sites in business revamp The Icee maker expects to generate $20 million in annualized savings as part of its plan to simplify production and improve distribution. Manufacturing Permission granted by Hain Celestial Sleepytime Tea owner Hain Celestial makes interim CEO permanent The appointment comes as the organic and natural food maker struggles with declining sales and growing competition. Corporate Operations Christopher Doering/Food Dive EXCLUSIVE Nestlé’s US CEO embraces a ‘sense of urgency’ to accelerate growth In his first interview since taking the top spot, Marty Thompson said the Stouffer’s maker is paying more attention to its core brands and identifying untapped growth opportunities. Finances and Deals Joe Raedle/Staff via Getty Images FTC claimed Walmart got unfair pricing advantages from PepsiCo In the newly unsealed complaint, the agency alleged the retailer got preferential pricing and promotions from the CPG giant. Corporate Operations Brandon Bell via Getty Images Kraft Heinz names former Kellanova leader as CEO Steve Cahillane will take over at the Oscar Mayer and Philadelphia manufacturer starting Jan. 1 as the company prepares to split later in 2026. Manufacturing Jeff Wells/Food Dive Shoppers plan to spend more on groceries next year: report The grocery sector is the only category included in an international survey conducted by AlixPartners that’s expected to see an overall increase in consumer outlays in 2026. Ingredients Courtesy of Hershey Q&A Preparing a year in advance: How Hershey plans for the holidays The Reese’s manufacturer estimates seasonal celebrations like Christmas and Halloween make up roughly a third of its $9 billion in North American confectionery sales each year. Manufacturing George Frey via Getty Images Coca-Cola manufacturer to build $475M plant The project will replace a 90-year-old facility in Denver to help meet the rising demand for sports drinks, teas and other beverages. Manufacturing Courtesy of Keurig Why Keurig grounded its new brand platform in post-pandemic realities The first major work from bespoke Publicis unit KDPOne looks to reset the coffee brand ahead of parent Keurig Dr Pepper’s split into two companies. Corporate Operations Courtesy of McCormick Column Leftovers: McCormick reveals 2026 flavor of the year | ‘Call Her Daddy’ host enters energy drink market The spice manufacturing company said the top flavor plays into consumer demand for functional ingredients, while Kellanova creates a bite-sized RXBar. Ingredients Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Anheuser-Busch to shutter 2 breweries amid manufacturing consolidation The Bud Light brewer has also sold its New Jersey brewery and will invest the money elsewhere in its portfolio. Manufacturing David Ryder via Getty Images Opinion San Francisco’s move against ultraprocessed food could lead to wave of lawsuits The litigation landscape surrounding packaged food may hinge on the ability of plaintiffs to prove that food addiction is real, writes Sean McBride. Ingredients Christopher Doering/Food Dive Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey to leave top post after 9 years The executive, who steered the iconic brand through waning consumer interest in sugary drinks and added more than 10 billion-dollar brands, will be replaced by COO Henrique Braun. Updated Dec. 11, 2025 Finances and Deals Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Hormel Foods turns to pricing, supply chain revamp to battle meat inflation The global branded food company expects beef costs to remain high throughout fiscal 2026 while pork costs ease. Meat & Poultry Charley Gallay/Getty Images for Jack Daniel's via Getty Images Jack Daniel’s owner sees Canada sales plunge 62% amid boycott of US booze Brown-Forman said fallout from the Trump Administration’s trade policies has had a “significant impact” on earnings, with the majority of retailers in the country still refusing to stock alcohol from the United States. Corporate Operations Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Food industry groups sue Texas to overturn ingredient warning labels Groups representing major companies, including Kraft Heinz and Coca-Cola, argue the law misleads consumers and violates the First Amendment. Ingredients Justin Sullivan/Getty Images via Getty Images JM Smucker cancels new coffee price hikes after tariffs lifted The food and beverage maker expects a less volatile coffee market in the future after the Trump administration exempted the commodity from levies. Policy Christopher Doering/Food Dive Campbell’s to pay $286M for 49% stake in Rao’s pasta sauce supplier The transaction will better position the CPG giant to continue growing the recently acquired brand by ensuring quality and accelerating innovation. Finances and Deals Courtesy of Mondelēz International EXCLUSIVE Mondelēz launches sugar-free Oreos to ‘disrupt’ better-for-you snacking The cookie took about four years to develop and is meant to "redefine what indulgence can look like," according to the brand's vice president of marketing. Ingredients More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Food Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Ingredients Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Hop water to fill wellness niche in nonalcoholic beer Jim Beam halts production at flagship Kentucky distillery SNAP consumers outspend other grocery shoppers, data shows Food industry groups sue Texas to overturn ingredient warning labels Library resources Infographic Why food innovation thrives in Middlesex County Custom content for Middlesex County Webinar - on demand From Challenge to Breakthrough: Power Up Your Factory with Virtual Twins & Next-Gen Manufacturing Operations Custom content for Dassault Systemes Playbook How New Health Trends Are Reshaping the Beverage Industry Custom content for SIG View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading The Wall Street Journal Makers of Everyday Essentials Once Offered Investors Safety. Do They Still? BevNET BodyArmor CEO Set To Exit After Four Years Food Business News GLP-1 users cut food spending by 5.3% View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel 4 Ways to Unlock Hidden Cash in Food & Beverage Manufacturing Webinar - on demand • Provided by ECI Food Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Ingredients Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications Grocery Dive Restaurant Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Finances & Deals Manufacturing Ingredients Corporate Ops Policy Meat & Poultry Beverages Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Food Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Ingredients Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.