Food Republic | Restaurants, Reviews, Recipes, Cooking Tips Recipes Course Dish Type Main Ingredients Drinks Baking Dietary Considerations Preparation Cuisine Occasions Cook Grilling and Smoking Tips Baking Tips Cooking Tips Cookbooks Storage and Preservation Tips Cleaning Tips How-Tos Kitchen Tools Entertaining Kitchen Facts Food History Food Science World Cuisines Drink Mixology and Techniques Beer and Wine Cocktails and Spirits Non-Alcoholic Coffee and Tea Smoothies and Shakes Restaurants City Guides Fine Dining Bars Coffee Shops Fast Food Casual Dining Pizzerias Grocery Shopping Tips Stores and Chains Exclusives Gardening Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Food Republic | Restaurants, Reviews, Recipes, Cooking Tips Recipes Cook Kitchen Facts Drink Restaurants Grocery Exclusives Gardening Features Newsletter Costco What's New At Costco: January 2026 Edition Every month, Costco refreshes its inventory to bring in new goods, some seasonal, some practical year round. Here's what's coming in January, 2026. By Nikita Ephanov Read More Food Science How Are Scoville Units Actually Measured To Rank The Hottest Peppers? Scoville units are a popular way to judge how spicy certain peppers are, but just how does the scoring method go about establishing spiciness? By Max Dean Read More Exclusives How Leftover Potato Peels Can Be Used In Your Garden Whether you've made a batch of mashed potatoes or a potato leek soup, don't throw the peels away! You can repurpose them in your garden as fertilizer. By Jack Rose Read More Mixology and Techniques Here's How Many Shots You're Actually Drinking In A Standard Martini A standard martini, featuring gin (or vodka) and vermouth, is one of the strongest cocktails you can order. However, just how stiff is the drink? By Nikita Ephanov Read More Cooking Tips Gordon Ramsay Gives Grilled Cheese A Gourmet Touch Using This Basic Vegetable To make up for his previous grilled cheese faux-pas, Gordon Ramsay is back to tell us how to give a gourmet touch to his sandwich with one vegetable. By Cami Cox Read More More Stories Costco Costco By Cara J Suppa 22 hours ago The Smoked Costco Deli Food You Should Avoid, According To Customers Costco is full of hidden gems beloved by fans, especially the deli, but not every single thing the giant warehuse chain produces is a hit, so avoid this one. By Cara J Suppa 22 hours ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Nikita Ephanov 22 hours ago How Do Apricot Trees Fare In Cold Climates? If you live in one of the northern most states and you want to grow your apricot tree, you might be out of luck. There are very few types that surive below -20. By Nikita Ephanov 22 hours ago Read More Food History Food History By Nikita Ephanov 23 hours ago The Common '50s Side That Is No Longer On Menus In the 1950s, there was a common side dish that was easy to dress up and popular during holidays or big celebrations — and it featured a red fruit. By Nikita Ephanov 23 hours ago Read More Cooking Tips Cooking Tips By Nikita Ephanov 1 day ago Turn A Baked Potato Into A Comfort Meal With This Canned Ingredient A baked potato can be a filling, delicious side dish, but you can turn it into a meal in itself by adding this one canned ingredient as a topping. By Nikita Ephanov 1 day ago Read More Costco Costco By Max Dean 1 day ago Costco's Kirkland Pinot Grigio Won't Break The Bank And Has A Special Certification Costco's Kirkland Signature makes many fan-favorite products, but the brand's Pinot Grigio (Kirkland Signature Pinot Grigio Friuli) is cheap yet exclusive. By Max Dean 1 day ago Read More Fast Food Fast Food By Sophie Morelli 1 day ago 7 Sheetz Menu Items You Should Order, And 7 You Should Probably Avoid Sheetz is a gas station, but the food there is also, well, gas. These are the Sheetz menu items you should order, and the ones you should probably skip. By Sophie Morelli 1 day ago Read More How-Tos How-Tos By Alba Caraceni 1 day ago The Simple Way To Use Orange Peels To Have Your Home Smelling Fresh Oranges smell amazing when you peel them and release natural oils. Capture that smell and use it to make your entire house smell positively fantastic. By Alba Caraceni 1 day ago Read More Cooking Tips Cooking Tips By Jack Rose 2 days ago 3-Ingredient Pineapple Popsicles Start With Canned Coconut Milk If you want to have the easiest, most delicious tropical popsicles, all you need to do is blend up two fruity things with a liquid sweetener. By Jack Rose 2 days ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Max Dean 2 days ago How To Grow An Olive Tree Indoors And The Variety You Need For The Best Fruit If you want to grow an olive tree indoors, you absolutely can. You just need to get the right variety and make sure it has optimal growing conditions. By Max Dean 2 days ago Read More Fast Food Fast Food By Kevin Haggerty 2 days ago What To Know Before Ordering Chick-Fil-A's Chicken Nuggets Chick-fil-A's famous chicken nuggets actually have a storied history to them, as well as some general important information you should know about them. By Kevin Haggerty 2 days ago Read More Coffee and Tea Coffee and Tea By Jack Rose 2 days ago Can You Make Tea In A Keurig Coffee Maker? Brewing tea is an art. While a Keurig excels at delivering a quick, reliable cup of coffee, can the same machine truly produce a high-quality infusion? By Jack Rose 2 days ago Read More Gardening Gardening By Cara J Suppa 2 days ago What Is A Trap Crop And How Can It Protect Your Squash Garden? If you're new to gardening, it's easy to underestimate how much pests can affect your squash plants. Try planting a trap crop and watch your garden thrive. By Cara J Suppa 2 days ago Read More World Cuisines World Cuisines By Max Dean 2 days ago José Andrés' Favorite Pantry Staples Are Polar Opposites Despite their different origins and ingredients, José Andrés’ go-to pantry staples are both powerful finishing touches that instantly elevate a dish. By Max Dean 2 days ago Read More Casual Dining Casual Dining By Cami Cox 2 days ago The Very Worst Times To Visit A Buffet Restaurant Eating at a buffet can be a great way to explore different dishes and get a little of everything, but if you go at the wrong time, you'll have a bad time. By Cami Cox 2 days ago Read More Stores And Chains Stores And Chains By Dame Adelekun 2 days ago Every Aldi Price Tag Code, Explained Aldi's price tag system is pretty straightforward once you get the hang of it. Here's every single Aldi price tag code, explained in detail for you. By Dame Adelekun 2 days ago Read More Cooking Tips Cooking Tips By Alba Caraceni 2 days ago Make Fluffy And Creamy Lemon Mousse With Just 3 Ingredients You can make the creamiest, most delicious lemon mousse with only three ingredients, and no, that doesn't include cream, egg whites, or gelatin. By Alba Caraceni 2 days ago Read More Shopping Tips Shopping Tips By Cara J Suppa 3 days ago Don't Overlook This Dollar Tree Culinary Section If you want to ensure that your cooking is as excellent as it can be, head to this Dollar Tree culinary section. You can amp up meals for so much less. By Cara J Suppa 3 days ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Nikita Ephanov 3 days ago You Can Grow A Pomegranate Tree Indoors, But There's A Slight Catch If you want to grow a pomegranate tree from the comfort of your home, you absolutely can. However, there is a small catch you need to be aware of. By Nikita Ephanov 3 days ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Max Dean 3 days ago Use These Pantry Staples To Upgrade Hamburger Helper Hamburger Helper is a friend not just to busy parents but to anyone who wants a quick meal, and you can make it taste just that much better with pantry staples. By Max Dean 3 days ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Nikita Ephanov 3 days ago How Bars Are Adapting To Gen Z's Drinking Habits Gen Z are drinking far less alcohol than previous generations (and even Millennials are cutting down), so how are bars adapting to stay afloat? By Nikita Ephanov 3 days ago Read More Food History Food History By Emily M Alexander 3 days ago Struggle Meals From Your '80s Childhood That Are Still Delicious Today Whether you ate them because you liked them or because funds were a little tight, these struggle meals still hold up in the flavor department today. By Emily M Alexander 3 days ago Read More Cooking Tips Cooking Tips By Jack Rose 3 days ago Use This 5-Minute Step For Better Pan-Seared Ribeye Steak There are a lot of tips out there about how to get the best pan-seared ribeye steak, but this easy, 5 minute step will take your meal to the next level. By Jack Rose 3 days ago Read More Appliances and Gadgets Appliances and Gadgets By Audrey Freedman 3 days ago How Mid-Century Fridges Were Actually Smarter Than Today's Versions In the 1800s, the groundwork for modern refrigeration was laid — and some might say it was perfected not with modern smart fridges, but in the 1950s. By Audrey Freedman 3 days ago Read More Cooking Tips Cooking Tips By Clare Mooney 3 days ago 10 Unique Ways To Season Chicken You'll Wish You Tried Sooner Elevate chicken with chef-inspired blends that add heat, brightness, and texture. From citrusy blends to ancient spices, find your next kitchen staple. By Clare Mooney 3 days ago Read More Grocery Grocery By Cara J Suppa 3 days ago The Classic Brand Behind Cracker Barrel's Grocery Products While you can find Cracker Barrel-branded products in your local dairy aisle, have you ever wondered if they are actually produced by the restaurant itself? By Cara J Suppa 3 days ago Read More Coffee and Tea Coffee and Tea By Food Republic Staff 4 days ago Elevate Your Next Matcha Latte By Sprinkling In This One Spice Matcha lattes are a great pick me up as is, but if you sprinkle in this one spice, you can totally elevate your drinking experience. By Food Republic Staff 4 days ago Read More Exclusives Exclusives By Jack Rose 4 days ago Why You Shouldn't Cook A Steak Right Out Of The Package To ensure a great meal, don't just cook your steaks straight out of the package; taking a moment for one easy prep step makes all the difference. By Jack Rose 4 days ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® FoodRepublic.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.