Fool UK | Share Tips, Investing and Stock Market News Skip to content Your Account & Services Manage Account Account Settings Current Subscriptions Motley Fool Premium UK HUB Motley Fool UK Premium Hub Member Login Investing Market News Latest Investing News FTSE Today Free Investing Reports Learn How To Invest How The Stock Market Works Investing Definitions to Know Types of Shares Guide to Market Sectors Start Investing in the UK How to Get Started Investing What to Invest In How To Buy Shares Get Our Latest Recommendations Compare Brokers Compare Share Dealing Accounts Compare Stocks and Shares ISAs Compare Robo-Advisors Compare Trading Apps Retirement Learn More About Pensions How do pensions work? Do you need a financial advisor for your pension? Pensions vs. ISAs Are pensions taxable? Build Wealth How to generate passive income in retirement The FIRE Movement Free Report: 5 Stocks For Trying To Build Wealth After 50 Latest Retirement News Services Premium Investing Services Share Advisor Hidden Winners Pro Bespoke Investing Strategy Services The Ownership Portfolio UK Blast Off UK Microcap Mission UK Extreme Opportunities UK Personal Finance Credit Cards Guide to Rewards & Cashback Credit Cards Guide to Business Credit Cards Savings Guide to Savings Accounts Savings Calculator Insurance Guide to Insurance Guide to Car Insurance Mortgages Guide to Mortgages Mortgage Calculator About About Us About The Motley Fool Meet The Fool UK Team The Motley Fool UK Reviews Contact Us Legal, Privacy & Terms Legal Information Disclaimer & Disclosure Privacy & Cookie Statement GDPR Request Centre Terms & Conditions Work For Us Fool Careers Looking For Something Else? Frequently Asked Questions Site Map Latest Investment Analysis Investing Articles I asked ChatGPT to pick 1 growth stock to put 100% of my money into, and it chose… 31 December, 2025 | Charlie Carman Betting everything on a single growth stock carries massive danger, but in this thought experiment, ChatGPT endorsed a FTSE 250 biotech firm. Read more » Investing Articles How little is £1,000 invested in Diageo shares at the start of 2025 worth now? 31 December, 2025 | Paul Summers Paul Summers takes a closer look at just how bad… Read more » Investing Articles After a terrible 2025, can the Aston Martin share price bounce back? 31 December, 2025 | Christopher Ruane The Aston Martin share price has shed 41% of its… Read more » Investing Articles How much do you need in an ISA to target £3,000 per month in passive income? 31 December, 2025 | Christopher Ruane Ever thought of using an ISA to try and build… Read more » Investing Articles Want to aim for a million with a spare £500 per month? Here’s how! 31 December, 2025 | Christopher Ruane Have you ever wondered whether it is possible for a… Read more » All Market Commentary Editor’s Choice Investing Articles Recently released: December’s lower-risk, higher-yield Share Advisor recommendation [PREMIUM PICKS] 30 December, 2025 | Mark Rogers Ice ideas will usually offer a steadier flow of income and is likely to be a slower-moving but more stable investment. Read more » Investing Articles Just released: our 3 top income-focused stocks to consider buying in December [PREMIUM PICKS] 16 December, 2025 | Mark Rogers Our goal here is to highlight some of our past… Read more » Investing Articles Recently released: December’s higher-risk, high-reward stock recommendation [PREMIUM PICKS] 15 December, 2025 | Mark Rogers Fire ideas will tend to be more adventurous and are… Read more » Investing Articles Just released: our top 3 small-cap stocks to consider buying in December [PREMIUM PICKS] 5 December, 2025 | Mark Rogers Small-cap shares tend to be more volatile than larger companies,… Read more » Investing Articles Just released: the 3 best growth-focused stocks to consider buying in December [PREMIUM PICKS] 2 December, 2025 | Mark Rogers Our goal here is to highlight some of our past… Read more » All Market Commentary Our Services Share Advisor Our flagship share-tipping service offers two recommendations each month, one of which is growth-orientated while the other is income-orientated. Share Advisor is an online share recommendation service from The Motley Fool that provides you with two share recommendations each month, plus ongoing educational content designed to make you a better investor. Find out more Hidden Winners Enjoy one high-conviction small-cap share recommendation every month, plus up-to-date coverage for every single active Hidden Winners recommendation. We aim to provide at least one Hidden Winners recommendation a month, and we’ll also cover the latest developments at a number of UK-listed small companies that form what we call the Hidden Winners universe. Find out more Stock Strategies Growth Stocks Dividend Stocks Value Stocks Get Started with Investing About The Motley Fool UK Our Purpose To make the world Smarter, Happier, And Richer Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show and premium investing services. Read more about us > News Education The Fool UK Team Retirement Services Fool Careers Site Map Contact Us Disclaimer and Disclosure Privacy and Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions Legal Information GDPR Manage Account Get FREE issues of The Motley Fool Collective Do you want straightforward views on what’s happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox? Help yourself with our FREE email newsletter designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. Email Click Here, it's Free! I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement . RISK WARNINGS AND DISCLAIMERS We have taken reasonable steps to ensure that any information provided by The Motley Fool Ltd, is accurate at the time of publishing. Any opinions expressed are the opinions of the authors only. The content provided has not taken into account the particular circumstances of any specific individual or group of individuals and does not constitute personal advice or a personal recommendation. No content should be relied upon as constituting personal advice or a personal recommendation, when making your decisions. If you require any personal advice or recommendations, please speak to an independent qualified financial adviser. No liability is accepted by the author, The Motley Fool Ltd or Richdale Brokers and Financial Services Ltd for any loss or detriment experienced by any individual from any decision, whether consequent to, or in any way related to the content provided by The Motley Fool Ltd; the provision of which is an unregulated activity. The value of stocks, shares and any dividend income may fall as well as rise and is not guaranteed, so you may get back less than you invested. You should not invest any money you cannot afford to lose, and you should not rely on any dividend income to meet your living expenses. Stocks listed on overseas exchanges may be subject to additional dealing and exchange rate charges, administrative costs, withholding taxes and different accounting and reporting standards. They may have other tax implications, and may not provide the same, or any, regulatory protection. Exchange rate charges may adversely affect the value of shares in sterling terms, and you could lose money in sterling even if the stock price rises in the currency of origin. Any performance statistics that do not adjust for exchange rate changes are likely to result in an inaccurate portrayal of real returns for sterling-based investors. Fool and The Motley Fool are both trading names of The Motley Fool Ltd. The Motley Fool Ltd is an appointed representative of Richdale Brokers & Financial Services Ltd who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) (FRN: 422737). We publish information, opinion and commentary about consumer credit products, loans, mortgages, insurance, savings and investment products and services, including those of our affiliate partners. The Motley Fool Ltd. Registered Office: 5 New Street Square, London EC4A 3TW. | Registered in England & Wales. Company No: 3736872. VAT Number: 188035783. © 1998 – 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool, Fool, and the Fool logo are registered trademarks of The Motley Fool Holdings Inc. ⌃