Home - Global Footprint Network Jump to the Content Calculate Your Footprint Donate Our Work Our Offerings Ecological Footprint Data & Methodology Footprint Standards Limitations & Criticisms Footprint Initiative Countries Cities Companies Earth Overshoot Day Climate Change Biodiversity Sector Analysis Sustainable Development Tools & Resources Open Data Platform Footprint Calculator Footprint Scenario Tool Data Downloads & Licenses Publications Journal Articles Case Studies Educational Resources About Us Our History Our People Our Impact Support Our Work Planned Giving Other Ways to Give Financials Partner Network Privacy Policy Contact News Blog Events Books Videos Menu Donate Our Work Our Offerings Ecological Footprint Countries Cities Climate Change Earth Overshoot Day Sustainable Development Finance for Change Tools & Resources Footprint Calculator Data and Methodology Licenses and Support Publications Journal Articles Case Studies Educational Resources About Us Our History Our People Our Impact Support Our Work Financials Partner Network Contact News Blog Press Releases Events Media Coverage Donate Footprint Calculator Earth Overshoot Day 2025 fell on July 24th Press Release What's the Problem, Really? Exploring the underlying problem The U.S. Can’t Afford to Silence Its Environmental Watchdogs The Cost of Harassing Academic Institutions & NGOs Latvia - A Green Giant Read about their resource advantage Overshoot and National Security Read More on the Biocapacity Blind Spot in National Security Strategies Receiving the Nobel Sustainability Award Read more about the Nobel Award Ceremony Measure what you treasure Humans use as much ecological resources as if we lived on 1.8 Earths . The Ecological Footprint is the only metric that compares the resource demand of individuals, governments, and businesses against Earth's capacity for biological regeneration . What is your impact? Calculate your Ecological Footprint and personal Overshoot Day. CALCULATE NOW! Passionate about data? Check out our Ecological Footprint Explorer open data platform. DIVE INTO DATA! Featured Article How can we make the need for resource security more obvious to diverse audiences? asks Mathis Wackernagel Mathis Wackernagel, founder and president of Global Footprint Network Why did you write “Ecological Footprint: Managing Our Biocapacity Budget” now? Bill Rees and I wrote our first Ecological Footprint book in 1995 at a time when our resource-use estimates were still crude. The book summarized my Ph. D. dissertation, including a presentation of the basic... View Full Article Ready for a Footprint Quiz? A playful quiz helps you brush up on your Footprint basics. Food security in a world of overshoot Those with higher incomes than others are more likely to be able to buy more from other countries than vice versa. More › The Latest 1 February 2025 The Global Footprint Network approach Humanity’s escalating ecological overshoot, demanding over 75% more from nature than ecosystems can regenerate, has triggered climate disruption, biodiversity loss,... More › 30 September 2024 The Biocapacity Blind Spot in National Security Strategies By Abigail Robinson and Mathis Wackernagel First published on Medium   Climate change is not the problem. The future has... More › 1 October 2024 Nobel Sustainability Trust Bestows Sustainability Awards upon our Co-Founder Mathis Wackernagel The Nobel Sustainability Trust just announced the winners of this year’s Sustainability Awards. One of the three awards will be... More › 21 July 2024 Earth Overshoot Day 2024 approaching This year’s Earth Overshoot Day falls on August 1st: Humanity will have used nature’s resource budget for the entire year,... More › 14 September 2023 New research published by Nature Food reveals food is primary driver of the  EU-27’s outsized Ecological Footprint One quarter of food consumed in the EU-27 originates from outside the region, highlighting the vulnerability of the EU’s food... More › 14 August 2024 Companies' value creation in times of overshoot In just seven months, humanity consumes as much from nature as Earth can regenerate in a year. Earth Overshoot Day... More › 26 April 2021 72% 72% of the world population live in countries faced with a precarious situation. These countries both (1) run a biological... More › 27 July 2023 The Power of Food This year, Earth Overshoot Day falls on August 2nd. That’s the consequence of humanity demanding 70% more than Earth’s ecosystems... More › 5 April 2023 Escape from Overshoot Prof. Peter Victor, our colleague from York University, has authored a book about the 21st century’s most debilitating disease: global... More › 18 January 2023 Don't ask people to reduce their Footprint! By Mathis Wackernagel, Ph.D., founder and President This blog is dedicated to a young, brilliant student. Back in 1995, she... More › 18 October 2021 Tackling Ecological Overshoot: The food system’s 10 “impossible imperatives” Global Footprint Network and its partners characterize the food dilemma through a set of ten tough challenges we call the... More › Explore More Blogs Join us in creating a world where people, planet, and economies thrive. Calculate Your Footprint Donate Explore Data Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram LinkedIn Our Work Ecological Footprint Data and Methodology Countries Cities Companies Climate Change Earth Overshoot Day Biodiversity Sustainable Development Tools & Resources Footprint Calculator Open Data Platform Free Public Data Set Licenses and Support Publications Journal Articles Case Studies Educational Resources Footprint Standards About Us Our People Partner Network Support Our Work Planned Giving Other Ways to Give Our Impact Financials Privacy Policy Contact News Subscribe to Newsletter Blog Press Releases Events Media Coverage More Our Offerings How We Work With Clients FAQ Glossary Educational Videos Methodology Reviews Data Quality Scores Job Opportunities Subscribe to our
                            Newsletter Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram LinkedIn © 2003 - 2025 Global Footprint Network Privacy Policy