Football365 - Football news, transfers, tables, stats, fixtures and results Part of the network Light Dark Home News Live Scores Match Previews Teams Arsenal Burnley Leeds United Nottingham Forest Aston Villa Chelsea Liverpool Sunderland Bournemouth Crystal Palace Manchester City Tottenham Hotspur Brentford Everton Manchester United West Ham Brighton Fulham Newcastle United Wolves Premier League F365 Favourites All Features Mailbox Mediawatch 16 Conclusions F365 Says Winners & Losers Quizzes Tables Fixtures Results Light Dark Part of the network Home News Live Scores Match Previews Teams Arsenal Aston Villa Bournemouth Brentford Brighton Burnley Chelsea Crystal Palace Everton Fulham Leeds United Liverpool Manchester City Manchester United Newcastle United Nottingham Forest Sunderland Tottenham Hotspur West Ham Wolves Premier League F365 Favourites All Features Mailbox Mediawatch 16 Conclusions F365 Says Winners & Losers Big Weekend Quizzes Tables Fixtures Results Matt Stead 30 Dec 2025 Arsenal overcome ‘fear’, Rice absence and Aston Villa hoodoo to underline title favourite status This was meant to be a worried, anxious, inhibited Arsenal. Perhaps they were for 20 minutes or so but Aston Villa soon caved like most others do and will. F365 Says Popular Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Amorim asking for trouble as latest Man Utd disaster exposes false PL position, baffling transfer claim Ruben Amorim is really asking for trouble at Manchester United, with his side reaching a new low against Wolves on an exposing night… F365 Says Popular Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Maresca sack closer as Chelsea, West Ham, Burnley share similar problem; Parker, Nuno also on brink Chelsea, West Ham and Burnley created their own problems on Tuesday night, with their managers ending the evening closer to being sacked… F365 Features Dave Tickner 30 Dec 2025 F365’s top 10 pricks of 2025 features Infantino, Trump, Man Utd and fans… This list is an absolute hive of scum and villainy, topped by two men who will doubtless retain their places in 2026. Topical Top Ten Evangelos Marinakis Matt Stead 30 Dec 2025 Manchester City signing Semenyo will give Guardiola a quarter of the 20 biggest January signings ever Antoine Semenyo could break into the top five most expensive January transfer window signings ever, but would still be a mile behind some Liverpool genius. F365 Features Enzo Fernandez Premier League Stats & Rankings Full Table Powered by # TEAM P W D L GF GA GD PTS View More Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Arsenal or Man City? Ferdinand reveals U-turn on PL title prediction with one reason for fresh verdict Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has revealed his new Premier League title prediction, explaining one reason why he is not backing Arsenal. Arsenal Rio Ferdinand Editor F365 30 Dec 2025 Liverpool fans need to stop worrying about neighbours with a ‘sinkhole and ferrets’ There is plenty to be optimistic about Liverpool, Arsenal and even Man Utd; why listen to the nonsense? Mailbox Popular Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Liverpool coach ‘pays price’ for horror start as Reds know Slot’s squad is ‘at least two players light’ Liverpool set-piece coach Aaron Briggs is set to leave Anfield after the Reds’ terrible first half of the season, according to reports. Liverpool Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Ornstein: Tottenham ‘reach agreement’ to sell Johnson to Crystal Palace but Spurs star ‘still to decide’ Crystal Palace have ‘reached an agreement’ to buy Brennan Johnson from Tottenham but the player must decide if he wants to move, according to reports. Tottenham Hotspur Brennan Johnson Ian Watson 30 Dec 2025 Big Fat Famous Football365 Quiz of the Year – 2025 Bloomin’ loads happened this year, but how closely were you paying attention? Test yourself with 25 questions on the winners and losers in 2025… Quizzes Famous Friday Quiz Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Man Utd: Romano reveals two potential signings as INEOS to ‘only approve’ deal on one condition According to Fabrizio Romano, Manchester United could make two signings in January as they would “only” let Joshua Zirkzee leave on one condition. Manchester United Fabrizio Romano Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 ‘Forget goals’ – Ferdinand claims Sesko reminds him of ‘joke’ former Man Utd player Man Utd legend Rio Ferdinand insists summer signing Benjamin Sesko has reminded him of former Red Devils striker Louis Saha this season. Manchester United Benjamin Sesko Planet Football 30 Dec 2025 Grading the nine players Bayern Munich let go last summer by how they’re faring in 2025-26 Vincent Kompany oversaw a big rebuild over the summer, which saw several big names depart. Planet Football Matt Stead 29 Dec 2025 Premier League winners and losers: Villa ‘genius’, ‘irrelevant’ Howe, Raya, Nuno sack, Man Utd and Liverpool The Christmas fixtures delivered one particular theme which tied Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United together, with Eddie Howe and Nuno for the sack. Winners & Losers Popular Jason Soutar 30 Dec 2025 Big Midweek: Arsenal v Villa, Eddie Howe on the brink, Man City, Matheus Cunha v Wolves… Arsenal host Aston Villa, Man City have a huge test at Sunderland and Eddie Howe takes Newcastle to Burnley knowing he’s on the brink. It’s a Big Midweek. Big Weekend Eddie Howe TEAMtalk 30 Dec 2025 Man City confident they’ll barge Man Utd aside for second elite star after Antoine Semenyo Manchester City are closing in on the signing of Bournemouth’s Antoine Semenyo and are already plotting another transfer. News Elliot Anderson Planet Football 30 Dec 2025 Nottingham Forest are fast becoming the Premier League’s most unlikeable club Forest have a direct hotline to PGMO these days – but what happens when they run out of scapegoats? Planet Football Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Liverpool ‘not expected to intervene’ with Man City close to ‘full agreement’ for Semenyo Man City are ‘closing in on a full agreement’ for Antoine Semenyo with Liverpool not expected to make a late move for the Bournemouth forward. Manchester City Antoine Semenyo Planet Football 30 Dec 2025 How long will it take for Cristiano Ronaldo to score 1000 career goals? Ronaldo has announced his intention to keep playing until he reaches the landmark. When will that be? Planet Football Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Man City set price for Newcastle target ‘open’ to transfer as he ‘rejects’ PL rivals for one reason Manchester City centre-back Nathan Ake is reportedly ‘open’ to leaving the Premier League side, but he has opted to ‘reject’ a move to one club. Manchester City Nathan Ake Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Lineker tells struggling Arsenal man Gyokeres to be more like one Leeds player Gary Lineker insists that Arsenal striker Viktor Gyokeres needs to take a leaf out of Dominic Calvert-Lewin’s book if he wants to score more goals. Arsenal Dominic Calvert-lewin Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Bayern Munich make ‘informal approach’ for Tottenham star as Crystal Palace ‘push’ for Spurs forward Bayern Munich have made an ‘informal enquiry’ for Tottenham defender Luka Vuskovic after his impressive displays out on loan, according to reports. Premier League Brennan Johnson Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Lammens’ agent says Man Utd were ‘right’ to make unexpected Onana decision The agent of Manchester United goalkeeper Senne Lammens believes the club were “right” to get rid of Andre Onana, a decision he says they made late in summer. Manchester United Andre Onana Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Liverpool ‘may well make a move’ for Brighton star; Reds urged to sign ‘sensational’ alternative Liverpool are looking at the possibility of signing Brighton centre-back Jan Paul van Hecke if he becomes available, according to reports. Liverpool Lewis Oldham 30 Dec 2025 Arsenal ‘offered’ opportunity to sign Man Utd target as Arteta’s ‘ambitious shortlist’ in January revealed According to reports, Arsenal could be active in the transfer market in January as head coach Mikel Arteta has an ‘ambitious shortlist’ of targets. Arsenal Mikel Arteta Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Ivory Coast star on Tottenham radar to replace Johnson after £35m agreement Tottenham reportedly have an Ivory Coast star and a Manchester City man on their radar as they look to replace Brennan Johnson following a £35million agreement to sell him. Tottenham Hotspur Savinho Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Chelsea ‘clear the way’ for Liverpool January signing after Guehi transfer stance is made clear Liverpool are the ‘frontrunners’ to sign Club Brugge centre-back Joel Ordonez as they look to sign a defender in January, according to reports. Liverpool Marc Guehi Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Hojlund is level with Serie A great as ‘strongest’ striker in Italy – Pazzini Former Serie A striker Giampaolo Pazzini has described Rasmus Hojlund as the “strongest” striker in Italy right now, alongside the league’s top scorer. Manchester United Napoli Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Thomas Frank pressure is ‘daft’ as pundits ‘don’t get’ how he could be sacked Jeff Stelling and Tony Cascarino find it “daft” and “don’t get” how Tottenham boss Thomas Frank is under pressure and could be shown the door soon. Tottenham Hotspur Thomas Frank Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Liverpool are ‘really stupid’ for letting Prem rivals sign Salah replacement, per former Red Former Liverpool man Jermaine Pennant thinks it’s “really stupid” that the Reds haven’t put themselves in the position to sign Antoine Semenyo. Liverpool Antoine Semenyo Joe Williams 30 Dec 2025 Man City confident of ‘beating’ Man Utd to another signing as INEOS go ‘all out’ for PL star Man City are confident that they will win the race for Nottingham Forest midfielder Elliot Anderson ahead of arch-rivals Man Utd, according to reports. Manchester City Elliot Anderson Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Tottenham will ‘not’ sign Goretzka as insider reveals Kompany intervention Transfer insider Florian Plettenberg has revealed that Tottenham are not working on a deal to sign Leon Goretzka, who is unlikely to leave Bayern Munich in January. Tottenham Hotspur Leon Goretzka Ciaran McCarthy 30 Dec 2025 Shock French club ‘exploring’ transfer of Tottenham stalwart after summer interest A French club have reportedly reignited their interest in signing a Tottenham stalwart after they were unable to sign him in the summer as he was given a new deal. Tottenham Hotspur Ben Davies Jason Soutar 30 Dec 2025 Ruben Amorim says Man Utd player has ‘no chance’ of playing against Wolves Ruben Amorim has ruled one key Manchester United player out of contention for Tuesday night’s Premier League match against Wolves. Manchester United Bruno Fernandes Jason Soutar 29 Dec 2025 Premier League player power rankings: Cherki up to seventh as City and Haaland dominate Liverpool captain Virgil van Dijk is in the top 20 of F365’s Power Ranking as Rayan Cherki jumps to seventh. We rank the top 30 Premier League players… F365 Features Declan Rice Mailbox Liverpool fans need to stop worrying about neighbours with a ‘sinkhole and ferrets’ 30 Dec 2025 Popular Arsenal and the four-point Mikel Arteta plan to be really boring 29 Dec 2025 Mikel Arteta Popular Liverpool in ‘comedy week’ as £30m star ‘better’ than Wirtz as Arsenal ‘totally vilified’, Man Utd lauded 28 Dec 2025 Antoine Semenyo Florian Wirtz Liverpool now justified in double striker splurge as ‘karma’ talk disgusts 24 Dec 2025 Alexander Isak Popular Fixtures View Full Fixtures Results View Full Results Mediawatch Isak breaks leg, silence as ‘perfect replacement’ identified and Arteta makes ‘shocking call’ 24 Dec 2025 Alexander Isak Popular Bruno Fernandes limp exclusive as Antoine Semenyo decision YESTERDAY 23 Dec 2025 Antoine Semenyo Bruno Fernandes Kobbie Mainoo ‘dropped’ amid new Man Utd verdict without appeal… 22 Dec 2025 Kobbie Mainoo Popular Maresca ‘shock’ development, Amorim’s ‘handbrake’ problem and ‘woke’ Lineker’s incredible ‘revenge’ plan 19 Dec 2025 Gary Lineker Popular Planet Sport Network PlanetF1.com Football365 Planet Rugby Tennis365 Planet Football Cricket365 TEAMtalk Golf365 Love Rugby League Stuff365 Grassroot Goals Racing365 Corporate & Partners Planet Sport Sky Sports SABC Sport Football365 Info About Football365 Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy & Cookie Notice Preferences & Consent Settings Social Media Facebook X Instagram Football365 is published by Planet Sport Limited © Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved