Football Whispers features, predictions and transfer news Football Predictions Football betting tips today Football betting tips tomorrow Premier League predictions Bundesliga predictions La Liga predictions Serie A predictions Ligue 1 predictions Champions League predictions Europa League predictions Conference League predictions Other predictions Bet of The Day Bonus codes Bet365 bonus code Betano Promo Code UK BetFred promo code Coral Sign Up Offer BetMGM Sign Up Offer BoyleSports sign up offer Gala Spins Bonus Code Ladbrokes Sign Up Offer MrQ Promo Code Virgin Bet bonus code Star Sports Bet Promo Code William Hill promo code Other codes 1xbet promo code Melbet Promo Code Betway Sign Up Code Hollywoodbets Promo Code Promo codes for Africa Bet9ja Promotion Code Sports betting Free bet codes Football betting sites Football betting apps New UK Betting Sites All betting apps Betting guides Betting odds explained Draw no bet meaning Handicap in betting Online Casinos Rainbow Riches Casino Promo Code English English US Русский Français Magyar English AU Nederlands English CA 日本語 Български Indian Football Whispers features, predictions and transfer news Today's Betting Tips Football Betting Sites Football Betting Apps New Betting Sites 18+ | Commercial Content #ad | T&Cs apply | gambleaware.org Featured Bookmakers 1 Bet £10, get £30 in free bets 5.0 rating Bet Now Read more Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. The bet365 bonus code SPORTSMAX can be used during registration but does not change the offer in any way. Time limits and T&Cs apply. Registration required. 2 £40 in free bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more New customers only. First single & E/W bet only. Odds of 1/1 or greater. 4 X £10 bet tokens. Free bet stakes not included in returns. Free bets exclude virtuals. Free bets are non withdrawable. Free bets expire after 30 days. Eligibility restrictions and further T&Cs apply. 3 £50 bet builder free bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more New Customer offer. Place a min £10 bet on Football on odds of min 1.5 (1/2), get £50 in Free Bet builders after the qualifying bet has been settled. Rewards valid for 90 days. Only deposits via cards & Apple Pay will qualify. T&Cs apply. Please Gamble Responsibly. 4 Bet £10, Get £50 free bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more Place a min £10 bet on Sportsbook on odds of min EVS (2.0), get £50 in Free Bet Builders, Accumulators or multiples to use on any sport. Rewards valid for 30 days. Only deposits via cards or Apple Pay will qualify. T&Cs apply. Please Gamble Responsibly. 5 Get up to £50 free bets 5.0 rating Bet Now Read more 18+. New customers only. Opt-in required. Valid on first deposit of £20 or more. Maximum up to 2 x Free Bets. Maximum Free Bets value of up to £50 (up to £25 per Free Bet). Qualifying bets only valid on Bet Builder. Min qualifying bet selections 4. Min qualifying odds 4/1. First Free Bet applies to first eligible bet. Second Free Bet applies second qualifying eligible bet. Free Bet credited if corresponding qualifying bet loses. Qualifying bets to settle within 7 days of first deposit. Free Bets valid for 7 days. Free Bets only valid for Bet Builder with minimum 4 selections and minimum odds of 4/1. Cash-out voids qualifying bet www.begambleaware.org. 6 Get £10 in Free Bets 5.0 rating Bet Now Read more Casino Bonus: Welcome bonus for new players only | Maximum bonus is 100% up to £100 | Min. deposit is £10 | No max cash out | Wagering is 40x bonus | Maximum bet with an active bonus is £5 | Eligibility is restricted for suspected abuse | Cashback is cash with no restrictions | Skrill & Neteller deposits excluded | T&C's apply Free bet: Min odds: 2.0 - Free bet value will be deducted from free bet winnings. 7 Bet £10 get £50 in free bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more New customers only. Register, deposit with Debit Card, and place first bet £10+ at Evens (2.0)+ on Sports within 7 days to get 3 x £10 in Sports Free Bets & 2 x £10 in Acca Free Bets within 10 hours of settlement. 7-day expiry. Eligibility exclusions & T&Cs Apply. 8 Bet £10, get £50 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more 18+ New UK+ROI Customers only. Certain deposit methods & bet types excl. Min first £10 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 to get 5 x £10 free bets. Free bets available to use on selected sportsbook markets only. Free bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned. Restrictions + T&Cs apply. 9 Get £40 in free bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more 18+. Play Safe. From 00:01 on 18.10.2022. 4x £10 free bets. Free bets expire after 7 days. New customers only. Minimum £10 stake on odds of 1/2 (1.5) or greater on sportsbook (excluding Virtual markets). Further terms apply. #ad 10 Bet £5, get £30 in Free Bets 4.5 rating Bet Now Read more 18+ New UK+ROI Customers only. Certain deposit methods & bet types excl. Min first £5 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 to get 6 x £5 free bets (selected sportsbook markets only, valid 7 days, stake not returned). Restrictions + T&Cs apply. Football Whispers Tips Betting Insights Bonus Codes Football Whispers Tips Betting Insights Bonus Codes Gil Vicente vs Sporting Lisbon prediction, odds & betting tips – 02/01/2026 Toulouse vs Lens prediction, odds & betting tips – 02/01/2026 Cagliari vs AC Milan prediction, odds & betting tips – 02/01/2026 Blackburn vs Wrexham prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Hull vs Stoke prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Derby vs Middlesbrough prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Watford vs Birmingham City prediction, odds & betting tips – 01/01/2026 Sunderland vs Man City prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Liverpool vs Leeds prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 QPR vs Norwich prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Southampton vs Millwall prediction, odds & betting tips – 01/01/2026 Preston vs Sheffield Wednesday prediction, odds & betting tips - 01/01/2026 Bristol City vs Portsmouth prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Charlton Athletic vs Coventry City prediction, odds & betting tips 01/01/2026 Best wingers in the world: Mohamed Salah misses the cut Top 10 best available managers: Zidane agrees remarkable return Top 10 most assists in Champions League history Who has scored the most free-kick goals in football history? Top 10 left-footed players in world football today: Saka & Foden among absentees The 5 best attacking duos in world football today: La Liga double acts steal show Football Transfer Betting guide: Odds & Tips for 2026 Premier League relegation odds 2025/26 update: All 3 promoted teams down again? Will Salah score vs Newcastle? Egyptian King 7/1 to net 2+ at Wembley Liverpool first goalscorer odds: Salah 4/1 to strike early Newcastle blow Arteta record vs Chelsea: Arsenal to continue unbeaten run? Arsenal first goalscorer odds: Can Rice make it three in three? Chelsea first goalscorer odds: Can Palmer find his shooting boots against the Gunners? Arteta record vs Man Utd: Arsenal win to-nil inevitable? Hollywoodbets Promo Code in 2026: R25 + 50 FS with FWHOL 1xBet Promo Code Bangladesh 2026: Use CASHMAX for ৳12,000 CopyBet sign up offer: Get £20 in free bets (January 2026) Quickbet welcome offer: Bet £10, get £10 free bet for January 2026 Bet Tom sign up offer January 2026: Get £25 back + 10 free spins Bet365 bonus code SPORTSMAX unlocks £30 free bets (January 2026, UK new customers) BOYLE Sports sign up offer 2026: Get £40 free bets & bonuses Bet442 sign up offer: Get up to £50 in free bets in January 2026 Golden Play Casino welcome bonus 2026: Claim 100% up to €555 + 100 free spins Star Sports promo code 2026: Get £25 in free bets Heart Bingo welcome offer 2026: Get a £30 bonus + 100 free spins Double Bubble Bingo promo code 2026: Get 50 free spins or £50 bingo bonus Monopoly Casino promo code 2026: Get 30 free spins or £50 bingo bonus Bally Bet promo code 2026 | Get £20 free bets, 30 free spins or £50 bingo bonus Welcome to Football Whispers, where you can find all of the latest news about the Beautiful Game. Not only that, but there is a tonne of info on the best online sports bookmakers as well as the best football betting apps. The site also features the latest UK betting news and is basically a one-stop shop for UK punters. At the top of the page, you will see links to access the following sections: Football Predictions Bet of The Day Bonus codes Sports betting Betting guides Online Casinos Below, you will find other useful categories, including: Today’s Betting Tips Football Betting Sites Football Betting Apps New Betting Sites On the main page, you will see a wide variety of featured bookmakers and their bonus offers. They are among the top bookmakers for punters in the UK, and the reviews show what they offer their players. You will find information such as current bonus offers, how to claim bonuses, banking options, sports markets offered, customer support, and much more. All about football The central aspect of the site is all of the info for football in the links: Football Whispers Tips Betting Insights Bonus Codes There are many tips from detailed previews and betting predictions for matches from around the world. Of course, the Premier League is covered, as are the top-tier leagues in Europe. However, coverage also includes other leagues in South America, Asia, Australia, and North America. One area where Football Whispers has fantastic coverage is the latest transfer news . From transfer rumours to deals done to the latest football gossip, you have it all. With the transfer window open twice per season, you will find plenty of team news on new players. Due to this, it is beneficial to check football transfer news pages regularly to stay informed about the latest developments. Detailed predictions On the site, you will have no problem finding today’s football betting tips as well as football betting tips for tomorrow . You will find those links at the top of the page under Football Predictions, where you will also see the other prediction pages for: Premier League Bundesliga La Liga Serie A League 1 Champions League Europa League Conference League Others You can also be sure that when the World Cup 2026 matches are announced, there will be a page for them. The comprehensive previews not only include our best-researched predictions for the match but also team news, current form, injury updates, and previews for each team involved. We do not offer speculations; we provide detailed reports and information that support our predictions. The match previews can be of great help when you are checking out the betting markets at the online UK bookmaker that you use. Our main goal is to offer value, so you can get the best return for your wagers, which is why we provide our football tips. You will also find helpful information at the sports Betting Guides section, including betting odds explained, the draw no-bet meaning, and handicap betting. Bonus offers The Bonus Codes section is where you will find many bonus offers from the top UK bookmakers . The bonus codes shown can be used to snap up some fantastic offers to pad your sports betting bankroll. The offers can be significant, especially for punters looking to sign up for an account, such as the Bet365 bonus code . However, there are also bonus codes for existing players. There is a wide variety of bonuses available, including free bets , cashback incentives, and profit boosts. Any punter can take advantage of the bonus codes, and what is nice is that for new players registering for an account is a quick and easy process. Online casinos While football and sports betting are the main aspects of Football Whispers, we also offer a lot of information on UK online casinos . In the Online Casinos section, you will see the top online casinos in the UK . Not only that, but we have reviews of them, including what they offer their players and their pros and cons. We rate the UK online casinos by the following criteria: Software providers & technology App rating & mobile experience Payment methods & payout speed Trust, security, & licensing Customer support Welcome offers & ongoing promotions Game selection In the online casino section, you will also find useful FAQ links. At the bottom of the page, you will also see the UK online casino bonus codes for new and existing players. Current UK gambling & igaming legislation Online sports and casino betting is legal in the UK, and all betting sites must hold a license from the United Kingdom Gambling Commission (UKGC). You can feel safe and secure with any of the online sportsbooks and casinos on our site, as they are all UKGC-licensed. The UKGC has UK betting regulations that every online operator must follow. Those regulations are: Must carry a current UKGC license Have age and identity verification Offer responsible gambling tools Perform financial risk checks Abide by specific advertising rules A statutory levy on the online operators to help fund research for the prevention of problem gambling UK regulatory updates & news The UKGC issues regulatory updates to ensure that online gambling is safe for players in the UK. For example, the statutory levy and financial risk checks were added in 2026, and new advertising rules were also added in 2026, which prohibited operators from sending players specific types of marketing communications without their consent. In 2026, the UKGC will require that the operator’s bonus and promotion information be clearer and less confusing. Info for online betting in the UK and beyond While most of the info for sports betting at Football Whispers is for the UK market, we do not leave international players out in the cold. We have links below to betting sites from other countries, and our site is also available with local info for punters in the US , Canada , India, France, and the Netherlands, to name just a few. Online betting: Best betting sites Promo codes: 1xbet promo code – William Hill promo code Our recommendations for US betting options US Bonus Codes: PA Lottery bonus code – VA lottery promo code – GA Lottery promo code – KY Lottery promo code Worldwide betting options? Betting Codes for India: Melbet Promo Code – Parimatch Promo Code Promo Codes for African countries: Hollywoodbets Promo Code – Betway Sign Up Code – Bet9ja Promotion Code When it comes to Asian countries, you can place a bet at 1xbet or at Stake ; those are the most popular ones. Summing it up Since 2014, we at Football Whispers have been giving punters the latest and best football information available, as well as letting them know the best bookmakers available. With all of the expert information we provide, we make it simple to stay on top of the Beautiful Game and offer the best betting tips. We also provide plenty of info on the best UK betting sites . We also promote responsible gambling with Gamble Aware information. If you believe you or someone you know has a gambling issue, you should contact GamCare, the leading problem gambling organisation in the UK. Sportsbook Reviews Bet365 bonus code 5.0 rating Sky Bet new customer offer 4.5 rating Paddy Power new customer offer 4.5 rating Betfair sign up offer 4.5 rating Bet442 sign up offer 5.0 rating Quickbet welcome offer 5.0 rating Betfred promo code 4.5 rating Coral welcome offer 4.5 rating William Hill promo code 4.5 rating Ladbrokes sign up offer 4.5 rating More interesting offers Betfair Sign Up Offer Betvictor Sign Up Offer Bwin Sign Up Offer Matchbook Bonus Code Betting apps Bet365 app William hill app Coral app Ladbrokes app Paddy power app Betfred app Please play responsibly Contact - About us - Journalist Charter - Terms and conditions - How we rate a bookmaker - English English US Русский Français Magyar English AU Nederlands English CA 日本語 Български Indian