TradingVIPInstitutional
 Support
 Search
English
Back Choose your language Select your language to display the most appropriate content. English Español 中文
Menu
Trading
VIPInstitutional
Markets
Trade MarketsTrade PricesOur Account Types
Back
Trade Markets
Forex
Futures and Futures Options
Investment Choices
Wealth Management
Popular Markets
EUR/USD
USD/CAD
GBP/USD
AUD/USD
USD/JPY
NZD/USD
Exotic Markets
USD/THB
USD/TRY
USD/MXN
USD/SGD
USD/HKD
USD/ILS
Accounts
Our AccountsCompare AccountsCurrent PromotionsFOREX.com VIP
Back
Account Types
Spread-Only Account
RAW Pricing Account
MT5 Account
MT4 Account
Corporate Account
IRA Account
Compare Accounts
Financial Transparency
Execution
Margin Requirements
Rollover Rates
Trade Prices
Trading Costs
FOREX.com VIP
Cash Rebates
Relationship Manager
Exclusive Events
Get Started
Free Demo Account
Demo MT5 Account
Demo MT4 Account
Create Live Account
Platforms and Tools
Our Trading PlatformsPlatform ComparisonOur Trading ToolsSimulated Trading
Back
FOREX.com Platforms
Mobile App
Web Trader
Platform Comparison
MetaTrader
MetaTrader 5
Expert Advisors
MT5 VPS Hosting
MetaTrader 4
TradingView
Advanced Charts
How to Connect
Other ways to trade
NinjaTrader
API Trading
Trading Tools
Performance Analytics
Trader Sentiment
Trading Central
Pivot Points
Currency Converter
Margin and Pip Calculator
Get Started
Download Platforms
Video Tutorials
Simulated Trading
News and Analysis
Latest ResearchTrade IdeasOur Research ExpertsInteractive Livestreams
Back
News & Analysis
Forex Market
Our Research Experts
Economic Calendar
Interactive Livestreams
Forex Price Action
Forex Technical Focus
Daily Squawk
Live NFP Coverage
Daily Market Update
Popular Topics
Middle East Conflict
Trump Tariffs
China
Learn
Trading AcademyInteractive LivestreamsVideo TutorialsThe Trader's CourseGlossary
Back
Academy
Courses
Lessons
Self-Assessment Quiz
The Trader's Course
Glossary
Tutorials
MetaTrader
Mobile Apps
Web Trader
Trading Guides (NEW)
Market Sentiment in Forex
11 Chart Patterns You Should Know
Bullish and Bearish Flags
Doji Candles
Hammer Candlesticks
Liquidity and Volatility
Morning Stars
Triangle Chart Patterns
What is a Pip?
Other Guides
5-3-1 Trading Strategy
Forex Regulations
Symmetrical Triangles
Expert Advisor Installation Guide
Wide Ranging Bars
Central Banks
Interactive Livestreams
Foundations of Forex Trading
About Us
Why FOREX.com?Help & SupportStoneX Group Inc.
Back
About FOREX.com
Careers
Get Started
Demo Account
Live Account
Current Promotions
Why Trade with Us?
Costs & Charges
Execution
Strength & Security
Regulation
Pricing
Trading Support
Help & Support
FAQs
Account Forms
Service Updates
Market Hours
Security Fraud
Log In
Open an account
 Support
 Search
English
Back Choose your language Select your language to display the most appropriate content. English Español 中文
We Are FOREX.com - The Experts in Forex Trading

Experience the power of trading with the #1 broker† for forex. Enjoy competitive spreads, award-winning technology, and up to 7% APY* interest - our highest rate ever.

Start Trading 
Try a Demo Account 

† Based on client assets per the 2024 monthly Retail Forex Obligation reports published by the CFTC

*APY paid on Average Daily Available Margin. Earn 7% APY on balances up to $50K, 4% APY on $50–$500K, and 1.5% APY above $500K. VIP Status Required T&C apply.

Trustpilot score based on global ratings of FOREX.com

Empowering clients since 2001

We live and breathe the markets. Since the turn of the century, we've educated traders on what, how, and why to trade to help them realize their ambitions.

Open an account
Try a demo account
Elite products, value, and execution

Choose from 80 products and selected futures through our affiliate.

Enjoy consistently low trading costs and fast, quality execution.

Trade markets
Tools designed for your edge

Refine your trading with exclusive data tools like Performance Analytics. And take full command of your analysis with industry-leading TradingView charts.

Get trading tools
A superior customer experience

Access knowledgeable customer support by phone, email or chat, enjoy convenient online account management tools, and experience a personalized service (selected offerings only).

Customer support
A trusted global leader

We're a wholly-owned subsidiary of StoneX Group Inc., a Fortune 50 financial giant.

As the number 1 broker in the US*, we're regulated, financially stable, and have provided our clients with trading services since 2001.

Financial security
Empowering clients since 2001

We live and breathe the markets. Since the turn of the century, we've educated traders on what, how, and why to trade to help them realize their ambitions.

Open an account
Try a demo account
Elite products, value, and execution

Choose from 80 products and selected futures through our affiliate.

Enjoy consistently low trading costs and fast, quality execution.

Trade markets
Tools designed for your edge

Refine your trading with exclusive data tools like Performance Analytics. And take full command of your analysis with industry-leading TradingView charts.

Get trading tools
A trusted global leader

We're a wholly-owned subsidiary of StoneX Group Inc., a Fortune 50 financial giant.

As the number 1 broker in the US*, we're regulated, financially stable, and have provided our clients with trading services since 2001.

Financial security
A superior customer experience

Access knowledgeable customer support by phone, email or chat, enjoy convenient online account management tools, and experience a personalized service (selected offerings only).

Customer support

*Based on client assets per the 2024 monthly Retail Forex Obligation reports published by the CFTC

*Based on client assets per the 2024 monthly Retail Forex Obligation reports published by the CFTC

Follow us for the latest analysis, views and breaking news
CONNECT
View All Interactive Livestreams
Financial strength you can depend on

We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of StoneX Group Inc. (NASDAQ: SNEX), a publicly traded company. We hold ourselves to the highest standards of corporate governance, financial reporting and disclosure.

About StoneX

Pushing Your Trading Forward




Next-Gen Pricing Model




Take control of your trading needs with super-tight spreads as low as 0.0 for major pairs with a $7 USD commission per $100k USD traded.

Explore the advantages of our RAW Spread pricing.

Pushing Your Trading Forward


Next-Gen Pricing Model



Take control of your trading needs with super-tight spreads as low as 0.0 for major pairs with a $7 USD commission per $100k USD traded.

Explore the advantages of our RAW Spread pricing.

Open a RAW Pricing Account
Learn about RAW Pricing
Tight spreads backed by quality execution

USD/RUB and EUR/RUB are currently unavailable for trading. See Ruble update.

During times of high volatility and/or low liquidity, spreads may be higher than the typical and as low as spreads published on the website. This can include, but is not limited to the market open and around 5 pm EST during trading hours. Typical spreads may not be available for Managed Accounts and accounts referred by an Introducing Broker.

Trade with us to unlock a refined trading experience
Up to 7% APY interest on your average available margin*
Monthly cash rewards for trading volume
White-glove service
One-to-one relationship management
Exclusive event access
TradingView subscription plan reimbursement

Trade with us to unlock a refined trading experience
*T&C apply

FOREX.com VIP

Pushing Your Trading Forward




Next-Gen Pricing Model




Take control of your trading needs with super-tight spreads as low as 0.0 for major pairs with a $7 USD commission per $100k USD traded.

Explore the advantages of our RAW Spread pricing.

Pushing Your Trading Forward


Next-Gen Pricing Model



Take control of your trading needs with super-tight spreads as low as 0.0 for major pairs with a $7 USD commission per $100k USD traded.

Explore the advantages of our RAW Spread pricing.

Open a RAW Pricing Account
Learn about RAW Pricing
Control, power, and speed. Our app and platforms give you every possible edge.
Mobile app
Intuitive and packed with tools and features, trade on the go with quick-trading, TradingView charts and tools like Performance Analytics.
Web trading
Trade without compromise. Access TradingView charts with over 80 indicators, Reuters news feeds, behavioral science technology and much more with our web trading platform.
MetaTrader
The popular and powerful MetaTrader platform comes with superior tools, features, and execution - with access to integrated Reuters news as standard.
Choose your trading platform




See your TradingView through our lens



Access your FOREX.com account on TradingView.com to unlock a more complete trading experience. Utilize their popular charts, dynamic trade management, and trade ideas from the TradingView user community to inspire your own trading.

Explore TradingView




See your TradingView through our lens



Access your FOREX.com account on TradingView.com to unlock a more complete trading experience. Utilize their popular charts, dynamic trade management, and trade ideas from the TradingView user community to inspire your own trading.

Explore TradingView
Curate your FOREX.com experience

What is your experience in trading?

What is your experience in trading?

I'm
new to trading
new to trading
an experienced trader
and looking for information on:

Use MT5? Get exclusive tools with FOREX.com
FX Blue
Get a suite of over 20 apps including custom indicators and nine expert advisors, such as the Sentiment Trader.
Integrated Reuters news
Unlike most MetaTrader platforms, you’ll have free access to integrated Reuters news.
Seamless experience
Tap into the platform’s features in real-time and with no third-party bridges.
MetaTrader
Stay one step ahead
The markets are always moving. Get the latest news and analysis.
News and analysis
Latest articles
EUR/USD Outlook: The Euro Loses Ground Ahead of the Release of the Fed Minutes
By Julian Pineda
December 31, 2025 02:45 AM
Fed
fed minutes
EUR
Euro
Europe
EUR USD
Forex
Canadian Dollar Analysis: USD/CAD Heads Toward Year-End with a Notable Bearish Bias
By Julian Pineda
December 30, 2025 12:19 AM
Canadian Dollar
Bank of Canada
Canada
Loonie
USD CAD
Fed
Forex
Trades to Watch in 2026: Crude Oil and Bitcoin Search for a Low
By Michael Boutros
December 29, 2025 03:00 PM
Bitcoin
BTCUSD
Crude Oil
WTI
Technical Analysis
Michael Boutros
Download the App

It's your world. Trade it.

Log in
Open an Account
We accept
Connect
Download now
Tell me more about
Range of Markets
Trading Platforms
Trading Costs
Margin Requirements
I would like to
Fund My Account
Withdraw Funds
Download FOREX.com Platforms
Download TradingView
Download MT5
I would like to learn about
Trading Forex
Managing Risk
Technical Analysis
Trading Volatility

Need help? Contact us

Or visit our social channels:

Disclosures and Risk Warning
Customer Agreement
Partnerships
Investor Relations
Press Releases

FOREX.com is a registered FCM and RFED with the CFTC and member of the National Futures Association (NFA # 0339826). Forex trading involves significant risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors. Full Disclosures and Risk Warning. Increased leverage increases risk.

GAIN Capital Group LLC (dba FOREX.com) 30 Independence Blvd, Suite 300 (3rd floor), Warren, NJ 07059, USA. GAIN Capital Group LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of StoneX Group Inc.

SFI is a member of FINRA/NFA/SIPC and registered with the MSRB. SFI is registered with both the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a Broker-Dealer and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) as a Futures Commission Merchant and Commodity Trading Advisor. Exchange based futures and options products and services are offered solely through the FCM division of SFI.

© FOREX.COM 2025

Terms and Policies
Sitemap
StoneX
We have a trading service for your location:
Switch to our EN site