Forest Personality Test Extension Extension Twitter Facebook Press kit Contact us Forest We are the creator of SleepTown Have problem keeping regular sleeping habits? Try SleepTown! landing_page_daily_referral_title landing_page_daily_referral_description Forest is an app helping you put down your phone and focus on what's
            more important in your life Whenever you want to focus on your work, plant a tree. In the next 30 mins, it will grow when you are working. The tree will be killed if you leave this app. Build Your Forest Keep building your forest everyday, every single tree means 30 mins
            to you. Stay focused, in any scenario Working at office Studying at library With friends Stay focused and plant real trees on the earth 109,760 trees planted by Forest Forest team partners with a real-tree-planting organization,
                Trees for the Future, to plant real trees on the earth. When our
                users spend virtual coins they earn in Forest on planting real
                trees, Forest team donates our partner and create orders of
                planting. See our sponsor page here . App Store/Google Play User Reviews "It's great because it works like a phone game, but it's a
                  phone game that gives you time rather than taking it away." "This is the only app I’ve ever truly loved. It's such a
                  beautiful reminder that everything big happens with many tiny
                  steps!" "This app is best for those who need a little visual
                  stimulation and extra incentive to stay productive." "The thought of killing a tree, even a virtual one drastically
                  changes how I think about work." "When I have work to do it helps me stay on task. It is fun
                  with friends and the paid version is worth it!" "This changed my life!!! Made me work much more focused and
                  for longer periods of time." Previous Next Featured In Contact us Press Kit Privacy Copyright © . All rights reserved. Seekrtech