Why Hims?
Trusted by over 2M subscribers
Free & discreet shipping on all prescriptions
Affordable pricing with no hidden fees
FDA-regulated pharmacies
100% online process
Unlimited provider messaging
US-Sourced ingredients
Lab testing
Better sex
Hair regrowth
Weight loss
Testosterone
Skin care
Mental health
Lab testing
 
personalized to you

Customized care starts here

Test for what matters
New
Have better sex
Lose weight
Regrow hair
Boost testosterone
Tackle anxiety
Get smooth skin
Browse all treatments
labs by
Get your labs.
Go for your optimal.
Start my labs
Learn more
Find your
baseline

Get a clear picture of your

health with a simple lab test.

Plan your
breakthrough

Optimize your health with a

doctor-developed Action Plan.

Explore the plan
Unlock your

As of today

34

33

32

31

3 years younger than your
chronological age

Biological Age

Reveal how fast your body is aging compared to your actual age.

Get the science
Test 130+
biomarkers
Non-HDL  Cholesterol  Heart  LDL Cholesterol  HDL Cholesterol  Apolipoprotein B
Hemoglobin A1c  Fasting Insulin  Uric Acid  Glucose  Metabolism  Hemoglobin A1c
Estradiol  Luteinizing Hormone  Follicle Stimulating Hormone  Hormones  SHBG
DHEA-Sulfate  Cortisol  Inflammation & Stress  DHEA-Sulfate  Cortisol  DHEA-Sulfate
Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone  Thyroid  Thyroxine (T4)  Free Triiodothyronine (T3)  Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone
Free Triiodothyronine (T3)  Blood Urea Nitrogen  BUN/Creatinine Ratio  Kidney  Creatinine
Alanine Transaminase  Albumin  Alkaline Phosphatase  Liver  Total Protein
Basophils  Immune Defense  Lymphocytes  White Blood Cell Count  Basophils  Eosinophils
Vitamin D  Potassium  Homocysteine  Iron  Sodium  Nutrients  Magnesium
Platelet Count  Blood  Hematocrit  Hemoglobin  Platelet Count  Red Blood Cell Count
Meet the markers
Images are for illustrative purposes only.
Individual lab results may vary.
Get your edge back with
Testosterone by Hims
Get started
Do I have low T?
Testosterone Rx
to elevate your T
Learn more
At-home labs
to check your T levels
Start testing
Image is for illustrative purposes only. Individual lab results may vary. Compounded products are not approved nor evaluated for safety, effectiveness, or quality by the FDA.
Access a range of
doctor-trusted weight loss medications
Get started
See if I'm eligible
Moving in the
right direction

Get a personalized weight loss plan designed with one goal in mind: helping you feel happy in your body.

Get results
Eat healthy,
get strong

Find nutritional, protein-packed recipes in the Hims app, to help you maintain muscle mass.

Get started
Learn more about weight loss
Check your BMI
It's more than a plan,
it's personal

A provider licensed in your state will review your information, so that they can combine guidance on nutrition, activity, sleep, and more into a plan designed around your body's needs.

Get started
Compounded drug products are not approved or evaluated for safety, effectiveness, or quality by the FDA. Prescription required.
Doctor-trusted solutions,
personalized to you
Care that fits
your schedule

No in-person visits needed. Manage treatment and get ongoing support in the app.

Get started
Prescribed by
licensed providers

Free consultations and ongoing support from licensed providers in all 50 states and DC.

Get personalized treatment
Doctor-trusted
ingredients

Personalized treatments formulated just for you.

Find my treatment
FDA-regulated
pharmacies

Medication filled by U.S.-based pharmacies, with free shipping to your door.

Get personalized treatment
Compounded drug products are not FDA-approved. FDA does not evaluate compounded products for safety, effectiveness, or quality. Prescription products require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if a prescription is appropriate.
Here's what you
need to know
Can you get Cialis® without a doctor prescription?
Explore
9 ways to increase penis sensitivity
Explore
Learn more about weight loss
Explore
How long does minoxidil take to work?
Explore
Are weight loss drugs covered by insurance?
Explore
Delayed Ejaculation

Better sex

Low Testosterone

Better sex

Male Pattern Baldness

Hair regrowth

Premature Ejaculation

Better sex

Hair Loss

Hair regrowth

Erectile Dysfunction

Better sex

All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners. Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement.
What is Hims?

Hims is a 100% online platform with over 2 million subscribers that connects patients to licensed healthcare professionals in all 50 states. We offer support for weight loss, hair regrowth, mental health, and skincare.




Through our simple online process you can connect with licensed medical providers who can recommend customized treatment plans including prescription treatments, if appropriate, shipped right to your door.

How does Hims work?

First, complete an online intake form to give your healthcare provider information about your symptoms and medical history. Then, a licensed provider will assess that information and determine the right treatment option for you. For states that require a video or audio visit, you'll be offered available times and dates to schedule your online visit. For states that don't, a provider will send your treatment recommendation to your chat inbox.




If your provider determines treatment is right for you, it’s delivered in discreet packaging to your shipping address.

Who are the providers at Hims?

Providers through Hims are physicians, nurse practitioners, psychiatrists, dermatologists, and pharmacists. They’re licensed in all 50 states and DC, and offer safe, high-quality, evidence-based treatment and care.

Does Hims require insurance?

Nope! Hims doesn’t require insurance. We offer transparent pricing on treatments and your medical visit, ongoing shipments, and provider messaging are all included in one low price.

What states is Hims available in?

Hims is currently available in all 50 states and Washington, DC.

Are Hims ingredients sourced in the US?

The ingredients we use are carefully researched and sourced in order to make sure that they are high quality: we verify that each active ingredient complies with specifications set by the United States Pharmacopeia — an independent, not-for-profit organization that sets quality and safety standards for medicine. We test formulations with a third-party analytical laboratory, ensuring that the potency and strength in the formulation is as labeled.


Source here
Are Hims/Hers pharmacies FDA-regulated?

Yes. 503A pharmacies are licensed by state boards of pharmacy, which are regulated by the FDA.

Unlock the free Guide to Protein for Weight Loss
Written by board-certified doctors to support your journey.
Email
Get the guide
By creating an account using email, I agree to the Terms & Conditions, and acknowledge the Privacy Policy.