forms.app: Free Online Form Builder Products Integrations Templates Templates Resources Pricing Log in Sign up Log in Sign up My forms Online form builder that gets more responses Build engaging online forms, surveys, or quizzes in seconds with forms.app, your online form maker. Get registrations, applications, reports, qualified leads, orders, and more meaningful data with online forms! Sign up today for free! Sign up with Google Sign up with Apple or Sign up with email More than your standard form builder forms.app is a powerful online form builder that offers more than just forms. Build free online forms, surveys, and quizzes to connect with your audience and get refined data in one nifty place. Create forms From contact forms to registration forms, build any type of form with the easiest online form builder. Popular form features Collect e-signatures Use conditional logic Get file uploads Accept payments Create a form Learn more about forms Make surveys Gather data & insights effortlessly to understand your audience with powerful survey forms. Popular survey features Set multiple endings Recall answers See real-time statistics Show prefilled answers Create a survey Learn more about surveys Run quizzes Engage your audience, get more leads, and drive more sales with interactive quiz forms. Popular quiz features Get auto-scoring Send auto-emails Embed on a website Set timer Create a quiz Learn more about quizzes Here’s what people say about us The intuitive way to use forms! It's very easy, beautiful, and easy to access too. It makes it much easier for us, entrepreneurs who need to keep a lot of information in one place. Thayene D. Social Media Designer It is simple and user-friendly. I have used it for data collection and event RSVPs, and it has been so straightforward and customizable. Kylee B. Experience Curator Simple and easy to use! I'm having a great experience with forms.app, I'm using it to get a briefing from my clients in my architecture studio, and it's really easy to use! For me and for the clients. Adriana V. Architect forms.app is user-friendly and straightforward to navigate, making it easy to create and customize forms without needing technical expertise. Alberto H. Design Teacher forms.app is a great solution for research! With forms.app I can always be sure to gather a reliable source of info from my dedicated research surveys, also integrating it with Zapier to streamline the process! Juan Pablo R. Sales Marketing Manager Now, it’s your turn to collect better data. Create your form It's free! Form builder meets AI: Create forms instantly Create AI-powered forms We get you; preparing questions and testing how they work, it takes time.  And we got you; just tell us the form you like to create, and forms.app’s online form creator will get it ready in literal moments. Get the right questions for your form How you ask is as important as what you ask. forms.app is a powerful free form builder that generates question alternatives for you. Simply select a form question and select from alternative ways to ask it. Generate multiple-choice answer options To get the right data, you need to give the right answer options. forms.app’s online form maker lets you create multiple-choice forms and generate answer options for your questions instantly. This way, you can save time, show relevant multiple-choice options to choose from, and get higher form completion rates. Analyze your form responses We know the hard part comes after you collect data. And our online form builder is there to assist you with it. Track form submissions in real time, use smart filters to find specific data, and get AI insights about your form responses. Create a free form Online form builder for the best experience Thanks to its super user-friendly interface, forms.app offers a refreshingly easy form-building process. And that’s not all; your respondents will actually enjoy filling out your forms, so you will get more and better data. Drag & drag form builder Just drag and drop your questions, add images, and share your form. As a smart form creator, forms.app will help you build forms in minutes. Stylish online forms Online forms that hold up to your brand! Simply customize your form to reflect your style and provide an unexpectedly smooth experience. Personalized form experience Keep your audience engaged with powerful features. Your forms will adapt to your target audience and get you more form conversions than regular forms. A vast library of ready-to-use form templates You have free access to 5000+ pre-built form templates on forms.app. Each template is customizable, comes with the necessary form fields, and is reviewed by a form-making expert from our team, so you can create forms for free and fast. Order forms Explore templates Survey forms Explore templates Quiz forms Explore templates Application forms Explore templates Lead generation forms Explore templates Consent forms Explore templates Feedback forms Explore templates Registration forms Explore templates Sign-up forms Explore templates Payment forms Explore templates Online forms that fit your flow More than 500+ integrations forms.app is a powerful form builder that fits right into your workflows and saves you time on each form submission. Connect your forms to popular apps, like Google Sheets, Excel, Slack, and HubSpot, natively or explore 3rd-party integrations. See all integrations Create secure forms online For us, security is a must, and privacy is a right. So, we meet industry-leading security standards and apply privacy practices all the time. In other words: We don’t peek We don’t leak We don’t speak! See security measures GDPR Compliant ISO/IEC 27001 Certified CCPA Compliance OWASP Certified PCI DSS Certified GDPR Compliant Stay GDPR compliant with forms.app As a secure form builder, our first principles are always privacy by design and secure by nature. Create GDPR-compliant forms with no coding and make data collection easy and safe for your team. Retain full control over your data, download or delete whenever you want. Show consent pop-up Simply gather consent from your audience and comply with regulations. Add your terms & conditions Show your terms within your form or redirect to your website. Allow people to contact you later Open messaging option to let people contact you later about their data. Powerful form features for more conversions As a powerful online form builder, forms.app makes creating and managing forms easy for everyone. So, you can build all you need in one form, or another. Drag & drop form builder The easiest way to create a custom form. Simply drag and drop a form field from the menu, and that’s it. Mobile-ready layouts Your online forms are mobile-responsive from the get-go. Offer a smooth experience on all devices. Conditional logic Create dynamic forms with personalized experiences. Show or hide your questions based on answers. Multiple pages Long forms, no problem. Add page breaks to make your form easy to follow and easy to fill out. Embed options Share your forms with flexible embedding options. Add forms to your website, create pop-up forms, or share unique form links. Email notifications Email and push notifications for you or your audience. Receive or send custom notifications for each form response. Sell products A dedicated question type just for your products. Simply turn your form into an online store to sell products and services. Online payments forms.app partners with Stripe and PayPal for payments. Use your forms to collect payments from your audience safely and securely. E-signatures Need signatures from your respondents? Use our free form builder to collect legally binding signatures through your online forms. Discover all features forms.app is trusted & choosen by millions 4 Million Users 50 Million Submissions 170+ Countries Based on 5.000+ reviews The easiest form builder to create online forms! Create your form It’s free! Product Create a form Create a survey Create a quiz Create a poll Create a test Create a store Pricing Enterprise Roadmap Free tools AI form generator AI survey creator AI quiz maker WordPress form generator Stripe payment form generator Resources Blog Help center Templates Form templates Survey templates Quiz templates Form design Mobile apps Security Features Request a feature Ask the community Customer stories Why forms.app? Typeform alternative Google Forms alternative SurveyMonkey alternative Jotform alternative Integrations Popular integrations Slack HubSpot Google Sheets MS Excel WordPress Marketing automation Google Ads Google Tag Manager Meta Pixel HubSpot Mailchimp ActiveCampaign Lead generation Google Calendar HubSpot ActiveCampaign WhatsApp Facebook Messenger Team collaboration Slack Discord Google Drive Notion Intercom Company About us Contact us Report abuse Be first to know We help businesses create beautiful forms & collect data effortlessly. 💜 Apps © 2018 - 2025 forms.app. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use GDPR Cookie policy Türkçe Français हिन्दी Deutsch Español Indonesi Portuguê Русский 中国 English