Powering a thriving world | Fortum Skip to main content Fortum logo Fortum front page Fortum logo Fortum front page Fortum About us Services Energy production Sustainability Investors News and publications Careers Contact us Search Fortum logo Fortum front page About us Services Energy production Sustainability Investors News and publications Careers Contact us We are Fortum. Serving our customers with that Nordic energy – today and tomorrow. Powering a thriving world By providing our customers and the Nordic energy system with a supply of reliable energy, we aim to power a world where people, businesses, and nature thrive together. With respect for the environment, decades of expertise in decarbonisation and smart solutions, we strive to meet our customers' needs. This is Fortum We power your everyday life With our smart solutions, stability and advice, we provide value to over 2 million customers in increasingly electrified society. Consumer Solutions Your trusted energy partner in industrial electrification Our range of production assets, expertise in decarbonisation and electricity markets makes us a trusted and stable partner for industrial decarbonisation and industry electrification in the Nordics. Power trading and energy supply Unlocking the full potential of Nordic energy In shaping the future, we are committed to unlocking the full potential of Nordic clean energy to accelerate electrification across the Nordics. Read our blog That Nordic energy There is something unique about Nordic energy. It shows in our courage to take action, our guts to keep going and our ability to succeed in difficult circumstances. It is the energy with which we develop, adapt and thrive in our daily lives in the Nordic Region. Discover the power of Nordic energy Enabling our customers electrification in the Nordics and beyond Nordics - a true collab­o­ration El Dorado for the decar­bon­i­sation of indus­tries Energy-intensive indus­tries in the Nordics represent a signif­icant oppor­tunity for decar­bon­i­sation. Finland and Sweden are attracting clean, CO2-free indus­trial invest­ments to the Nordics. I urge all stake­holders, private and public, to partic­ipate in true collab­o­ration to make the clean transition a reality. Read more Powering Progress: Nordic Excel­lence in Green Transition Invest­ments In a world where sustainability is no longer just a buzzword but a strategic imperative, the green transition, big data and artificial intelligence have emerged as a defining force shaping the future of business and energy. For business developers, engineers, and visionary investors eyeing a stake in a sustainable future, specifically Finland and Sweden stand out as compelling destinations. Read more High climate ambition laying ground for the EU’s compet­i­tiveness The EU is faced with a triple challenge to solve: decar­bon­i­sation, compet­i­tiveness, and security of supply. In this post, drawing on insights from our recently published White Paper, I am discussing why the EU’s climate ambition is not only necessary but also founda­tional for addressing these challenges and securing a compet­itive, sustainable future. Read more Latest news and releases All news and releases Investors - In focus Fortum in 2024 99 % of power gener­ation was CO2-free 99 % ~ 4500 Employees ~4500 1 , 178 Comparable operating profit, EUR million 1,178 Fortum's Annual Review 2024 Read more about Fortum's events in 2024 United to power a thriving world Career at Fortum Explore open jobs Explore open jobs - External link Fortum logo Services Power trading Nuclear Services Fortum Battery Recycling Find charging stations About us This is Fortum Strategy Our energy production Fortum worldwide News and publications Investors In focus Reports and presentations Share information Calendar and events Corporate governance Contact us Our offices Media contacts Investor Relations Supplier inquiries Sales contacts Give feedback Raise a concern Services Services Power trading Nuclear Services Fortum Battery Recycling Find charging stations About us About us This is Fortum Strategy Our energy production Fortum worldwide News and publications Investors Investors In focus Reports and presentations Share information Calendar and events Corporate governance Contact us Contact us Our offices Media contacts Investor Relations Supplier inquiries Sales contacts Give feedback Raise a concern Follow us on social media © Fortum 2026. All rights reserved. Global - EN Global - EN Suomi - FI Sverige - SV Norge - NB Polska - PL India - EN Cookie settings Data privacy and cookies Legal Notice Accessibility statement