Create a free forum | FORUMOTION forum otion.com Support Create a free forum Creating a free forum is easy and fast. A discussion board is the best solution to build your own community and discuss online. Forumotion offers free hosted forums with complete and customizable forum system. Change the version of your forum at any time to make your forum unique on the Internet: ModernBB • phpBB3 • phpBB2 • punBB • Invision . Create your forum now! .forumotion.asia .forumotion.asia Create a forum Create your own forum Forumotion is a forum community creator. Thanks to the creation tool of free forums, you can customize your forum with just a few clicks. A forum is the right place to build an online community . Customize your forum Enjoy awesome features, powerful tools and free themes to customize your forum . Create a unique and design forum is very easy and fun with Forumotion! The best solution to have a custom forum. Make a successful forum Share your free forum and its content with the community: messages, discussions, images and videos. Have a well referenced and active forum on Internet. Forumotion hosts SEO and mobile friendly forums. Create a forum Search for a forum in the directory Browse the forum directory to find forums created on forumotion.com and discover discussions about your interests. Participate in forums and become a member, or make your own phpbb forum . Search Society and Culture Computers and Internet Art, Culture and Leisures Music Sciences and Knowledge Roleplay forums Economy, Law, Finance Games Nature and Escape Sports and Hobbies Animals Video games Cinema, Movies Cars Bikes Features of Forumotion communities Forumotion offers free forums easy to create, fully customizable and unlimited. Explore the features and options available of our hosted discussion forums. 5 forum versions Enjoy 5 versions of discussion forums and change the version at any time to make your forum unique: ModernBB • phpBB2 • phpBB3 • punBB • Invision . Selection of free themes Access thousands of free themes to customize your forum with just a few clicks. Installation is easy and fast. The best skins to have an amazing forum. Support very active Take the advantage of the community to create a forum and make it unique. Any tips to get a personalized forum for free are available on the Support! Role-Playing (RPG) Enjoy Forumotion features to improve the commitment of your community: Chatbox, Gallery, Portal, Calendar, RPG, Mentions and Tags, Backups... Secure HTTPS Forum Secure your forum with an SSL certificate and give your community a more secure web space, in line with the new standards of the Internet. Free and powerful forum Enjoy a free forum with unlimited members and messages, a domain name including personalized emails, on a reliable and powerful host! Free classified ads Enable ads on your forum to allow your community to sell, buy, give and exchange  real or virtual objects between members. User's and keywords tags Increase the engagement and interactivity of your members with the content of your forum through  keywords tags and username tags. Automatic data backups Get regular and secure backups of all the content of your forum. Restore a forum at an earlier date has never been so easy. Push notifications on mobile and desktop Send push notifications to visitors and members of your forum in HTTPS who have subscribed to these alerts. Push notification is received on desktop and mobile. Automated newsletter "popular content" Activate the "Popular Content" newsletter which is automatically sent to members. Members stay informed of important forum discussions. Forum notifications on your own Discord server Receive alerts for new forum topics and posts live on your Discord server. Forumotion allows you to set up Discord webhooks. More features Discover how to import a forum and its community on Forumotion. More info on our blog ! Free forums creation and hosting Create a free forum on Forumotion A free forum is an online discussion board to interact and chat with users and members. How to create a forum? Forumotion brings communities together with a 10 years experience in forum hosting. Our community and forum hosting platform allows you to make a free and powerful forum easily. You can start a forum without any technical knowledge necessary. Build your own community and start to discuss on your new message board. Enjoy an easy management and various features of your free forum : unlimited sub-forums, posts and topics, custom forum skins, chat box, photo galleries, portal, RPG, regular backups, awesome avatars, language choice, free hosting service... Use Forumotion to setup your online forum is the best way to build a large forum community. Thanks to this complete discussion system mixing forum, chat, private messaging, poll, classified ad, blog and others, to gather a community group and debate between passionate members is within the reach of all! So do not wait, make your community online and discuss with people who share the same interests. Create and customize an Internet forum in seconds ! Join Forumotion community Why create a forum in 2025? A forum is an ideal format for visitors to discuss, debate, and share advice or ask questions. But creating a forum offers many more advantages. So why create your own discussion forum in 2024? What are the benefits of a forum to build an online community? Here are the main reasons that make the forum creation very interesting! Online communities are as popular as ever Communities have never been so present on the Internet. Whether it is forums or social networks, users still enjoy gathering to discuss around a common passion. Creating a forum allows you to take advantage of this community spirit while keeping the possibility of fully customizing it. You can thus launch a forum on video games, RPG, motorcycles... The possibilities are endless! From simple forums to complete community platforms Forumotion has been offering its free forum creation service since 2004. Over the past 15 years, habits and trends have changed considerably: the way people interact, lead and manage their communities. That is why Forumotion has made the forums evolve to better meet the needs of new online communities and groups. It is no longer just a question of creating a simple forum for discussion between friends or passionate people. You have the choice to activate features to enhance your forum possibilities now: classified ads, publications, events, photos and videos or PWA.  With Forumotion, you can create a real community website that will meet all your community members needs. More modern, customizable and secure forums Also, the websites appearance has evolved significantly with the new web design trends. Forumotion proposes to create modern and optimized forums for mobile interactions. You can choose to launch a very modern designed and responsive forum with the AwesomeBB theme for example. Of course, you have the possibility to modify your forum appearance in order to customize it according to your community. Finally, you can choose to have a secure forum using the HTTPS protocol. Your members will discuss further on a forum with a secure connection. forumotion Home Benefits of forums Founders' tools Create a free forum Forum services Skins forum on Hitskin Forumotion Support Board Directory FAQ • Mobile Forum App Follow us on Twitter Facebook YouTube Informations Terms of service Privacy policy Declare a litigation Forumotion dictionary Languages • Sitemap Create a free forum © 2025, forumotion.com