Forza.net: The official home of Forza Skip to main content All videos playing Menu News Horizon Motorsport Community Forums Newsletter Insiders Support Report a Bug Get Help Make a Suggestion Get the Games Forza Horizon 5 - Xbox Forza Horizon 5 - Steam Forza Horizon 5 - PlayStation Forza Motorsport - Xbox Forza Motorsport - Steam Cars FH5 FM News Horizon Motorsport Community Forums Newsletter Insiders Support Get the Games Cars Welcome to Horizon Japan! Get ready to discover the breathtaking landscapes of Japan and become a racing Legend at the Horizon Festival. Forza Horizon 6 is coming 2026 first on Xbox Series X|S and PC, and post-launch on PS5! Watch Teaser Wishlist now! Latest News All Horizon Motorsport More News Get Forza Horizon 5 Download Forza Horizon 5 with Game Pass – or buy it from the Microsoft Store, PlayStation Store, or Steam – and explore the vibrant open world landscapes of Mexico now complete with over 40 content updates that introduce hundreds of new cars, races, features, and gameplay experiences. Build your dream creations using the upgraded EventLab toolset, capture your favorite cars with enhanced Photo Mode, or test your driving skills in Hide & Seek and Horizon Realms. Get additional cars, VIP benefits, and more with the Forza Horizon 5 Premium Edition – includes the Forza Horizon 5: Hot Wheels and Rally Adventure expansions. See Your Forza Journey Whether you play Forza Horizon, Forza Motorsport, or both – here's where you can view your in-game achievements, photo gallery and see how your accomplishments stack up against the community. View My Forza Community The Forza community is home to the most talented and passionate players, car lovers and racing enthusiasts. If you’re a painter who designs liveries and vinyls; a tuner unlocking the full potential of every car; an EventLab creator sharing custom races, challenges, stunts, and new game modes; or a fan of Forza who simply loves playing our games, then we want to hear from you! Everyone is welcome in the Forza community and we’re grateful to have you. Explore FAQ Your Forza Questions, Answered. Have a Forza Horizon or Forza Motorsport question? Whether you’re driving on the open road or a racetrack, our dedicated FAQs have the answers you need so you can swiftly return to the driver’s seat. Motorsport Horizon Get Forza Motorsport Out-build the competition in the Builders Cup Career Mode. Compete for the podium in adjudicated Featured Multiplayer events. Race in over 500 cars across 30 world-famous tracks with cutting edge AI, advanced physics, tire and fuel strategy, and driver and safety ratings. Experience the latest content and feature updates including the 20th Anniversary Tour, Open Track Day and Drift Meetups, Car Proximity Radar, Drift mode, Spectate, endurance and multi-class racing, as well as returning fan-favorite locations Bathurst, Fujimi Kaido, Nürburgring Nordschleife, Road Atlanta, and Sunset Peninsula. Purchase the Premium Edition or Premium Add-Ons Bundle to get Car Pass, Race Day Car Pack, VIP and Welcome Pack. Forums Whether you’re eager to chat about Forza, submit game content ideas for Horizon or Motorsport, discover community created content, or talk about gaming or car culture – the Forza Forums are the home for you. Go To Forums Support If you have an in-game issue and require assistance, we are here to help. Submit a ticket or browse our extensive library of articles featuring game tips and troubleshooting steps for commonly reported issues. Go To Support The Teams Behind the Wheels Turn 10 Studios Creators of the award-winning Forza, Turn 10 Studios, located in Redmond, Washington, brings players and automotive culture together. Thanks to your passion for cars, gaming, and community we create cutting-edge driving experiences to connect players and celebrate automotive culture. Visit Site Playground Games Established in 2010 by some of the most experienced and talented developers in the UK game industry with a mission to make genre-defining video games for a global audience, Playground Games, located in Leamington Spa, UK, are the creators and developers of the award-winning Forza Horizon games. Visit Site TikTok Facebook Instagram X YouTube TikTok Facebook Instagram X YouTube Turn 10 Studios Playground Games Xbox Game Studios ESRB Turn 10 Studios Playground Games Terms of Use Trademarks Privacy Consumer Health Privacy Support Forums © 2025 Microsoft