IoT Device Development & Management Platform | Foundries.io Home Company Overview Key benefits FAQs Products FoundriesFactory Pricing Releases Software stack Get started Book a demo Documentation Insights Blog Press releases Industry news Events Use Cases & Customer Stories Videos Whitepapers Contact Contact us Support Privacy policy Terms of service Acceptable use policy Cookie policy Search Search Login My Factory Get started Build bold. Your ideas. Seamlessly connect high-performance computing with your ideas for real-time innovations with the new Arduino UNO Q and FoundriesFactory ™ Explore how What is FoundriesFactory? OEMs no longer need to create and manage their own Linux-based DevOps products and can accelerate time-to-market for their embedded devices, applications and services. Together, FoundriesFactory ™ and the Linux microPlatform ™ (LmP) OS provide a standard and comprehensive suite of tools and software within a highly secure platform. Book a demo Book a demo A cloud-native DevOps platform to build and deploy secure solutions for IoT & Edge Foundries.io is committed to using the latest industry practices and standards to provide a top-of-the-line IoT device management platform . Our team's decades of experience delivering embedded products provides you with innovative tooling to fully customize the platform and accelerate your time to market Faster Time to Market The FoundriesFactory open source IoT product uses cloud development technologies to streamline team-based software development. Faster time to market is achieved by reducing developer friction, building in Continuous Integration and test infrastructure, leveraging an existing unified and tested software platform, and separating the product application from core functions. Learn more >> Reduced Costs Our tiered pricing model brings flexibility to suit your project needs and reduces financial commitment during the development stage. A range of progressive options starts with the free Community Edition for development only and scales up to our Enterprise Edition. Learn more >> Security FoundriesFactory is securable by design ‐ from device boot software to the Cloud. Our holistic approach runs from secure boot architecture ‐ including Arm Platform Security Architecture (PSA) and Intel Platform Trust Technology (PTT) ‐ to The Update Framework (TUF)-compliant secure product updates. Learn more >> Foundries.io Customer Stories Bringing together the FoundriesFactory platform and LmP along with an STMicroelectronics STM32MP1 EVK and an NXP EdgeLock SE050 module gave FORT Robotics a quick route to developing their target applications and services, while maintaining flexibility without vendor lock-in. The FORT Robotics and Foundries.io teams moved fast, mapping out the journey from kernel development to production, all the way through to including setting up a provisioning process on the SDM. FORT Robotics full case study >> The fully secure and continuously updated FoundriesFactory-based platform brings increased security to idealworks' customers' end devices. Project time is shortened meaning products are faster to market, costs are reduced so ROI is improved, and the solution provides a reliable foundation for scaling up. idealworks full case study >> The FoundriesFactory product has brought a number of features and benefits to Tailos' (previously Maidbot) robotic vacuum cleaners, including fine control over the lifecycle of OTA updates, and the ability to optimize build to deployment pipelines with integrated CI for both the platform and applications. Tailos full case study >> Partnering with Foundries.io has allowed the Aeler team to fast-track the development of their next generation solution by enabling OTA and Firmware Over-The-Air (FOTA) updates early on in the development process. The ongoing delivery of new firmware and software features enables Aeler to continuously improve the C3 product, whenever and wherever. Aeler full case study >> The Linux Foundation and The Linux Foundation logo design are registered trademarks of The Linux Foundation. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Note: Certain services and materials may require you to accept additional terms and conditions before accessing or using those items. Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. Nothing in these materials is an offer to sell or license any of the services or materials referenced herein. Company Overview Key Benefits FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Website Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Products FoundriesFactory Releases Software Stack Documentation Insights Blog Press Releases Industry News Events Use Cases & Customer Stories Videos Contact Us Support Copyright 2025 Foundries.io All rights reserved