Tech Marketing & Buyer Engagement Solutions | Foundry Skip to content Search Contact us Translation available Select an experience Japan Global Search for: Search Brands CIO CSO InfoWorld Network World Computerworld Macworld PCWorld Tech Advisor TechHive ChannelWorld Specialty brands CIO100 CSO50 All brands Audiences Artificial intelligence Cloud Security Hardware Software All audiences Solutions Ads Audiences Lead gen Intent data Brand experiences Interactive storytelling Events Partner marketing Content creation Affiliate marketing All solutions Research Technology insights AI Priorities CIO Tech Priorities Cloud Computing Security Priorities State of the CIO Buying process Customer Engagement Role & Influence Partner Marketing All research Resources Resources Tools for marketers Blog Videos Customer stories Developer portal The Intersection​ newsletter All resources About us Press Awards Work here Privacy / Compliance Licensing About Us Brands CIO CSO InfoWorld Network World Computerworld Macworld PCWorld Tech Advisor TechHive ChannelWorld Specialty brands CIO 100 CSO50 All brands Audiences Artificial intelligence Cloud Security Hardware Software All audiences Solutions Ads Lead gen Intent data Brand experiences Interactive storytelling Events Partner marketing Content creation Affiliate marketing All solutions Research Technology insights AI Priorities CIO Tech Priorities Cloud Computing Security Priorities State of the CIO Buying process Customer Engagement Role & Influence Partner Marketing All research Resources Resources Tools for marketers Blog Videos Customer stories Developer Portal The Intersection newsletter All Resources About us Press Awards Work here Privacy / Compliance Licensing About Us Contact Log in Edition - Select an experience Japan Global Stories inspire. Data connects. The world’s most influential IT buyers engage, discover, and decide with Foundry. We help tech marketers connect with and address the full buying team. NEW: 2025 Cloud Computing Research Report Get the insights External link Buyer-aligned from discovery to decision. With marketing solutions built around our trusted network of IT publishers and backed by proprietary intent signals from in-market tech buyers, we reach and engage your target audiences in the places they trust most to make informed purchase decisions. Solutions for tech marketers External link Marketing for the new B2B buyer. The complex needs of today’s buyer require a new approach to marketing—one that humanizes and personalizes the B2B experience by aligning who buyers are, how they behave, and what they value. Marketing at its best connects intent data and storytelling to deliver experiences that resonate with buyers’ unique needs, cultivate trust, and build strong business-to-buyer relationships. Our buyer-centric content External link Our editorial brands Our award-winning brands have been at the forefront of global tech innovation for more than 50 years, acting as a partner in the milestones that drive the industry forward. As tech buyers’ trusted source for trends, research, and decision-making, our brands are the core of everything we do. See all Foundry brands External link 28M+ Monthly visitors learning, researching, and engaging across our editorial properties each month 800+ Industry-leading events bringing together IT decision makers around the world each year 96% Visitors take action towards purchasing after engaging with content across our award-winning editorial sites What’s new at Foundry The cloud purchase process This infographic brings together data from Foundry’s Cloud Computing and Role & Influence studies to provide insight into the specific cloud purchase process. View the research External link The Role & Influence of the ITDM In its 17th year, the Role & Influence survey shares trends and insights into who’s involved in the technology purchase process, factors that cause decision-making to stall, and the information sources IT buyers rely on. Get the executive summary External link An exclusive discussion with IT leaders John Gallant, Enterprise Consulting Director at Foundry, is joined by Devon Valencia, CIO, CareSource and Satya Jayadev, VP & CIO, Skyworks Solutions, Inc., to discuss the results of the 2025 State of the CIO survey. Watch the video External link Who we are We are a team made up of dedicated, talented, and passionate people across the globe. We’re passionate about the fact that technology can be a force for good. Leveraged wisely, it can have a hugely positive influence—and to this end we’re driving progress in a number of areas, including diversity and inclusion, tech accessibility, and women in leadership. About us External link About us At Foundry, we’ve been at the forefront of the technology sphere since 1964. We’re proud to be an authority in the tech industry, reaching audiences all over the world. We’re part of a vibrant community of technology buyers, and when we interact with them, we learn about them. Thanks to intent data, we understand our audiences like no one else – and as a result, we’re able to create the media and software solutions that help technology vendors guide decisions. Our brands Solutions Research Resources Events About Newsletter Contact us Work here Sitemap Topics Cookies: First-party & third-party Generative AI sponsorships Intent data IP address intelligence Reverse IP lookup Website visitor tracking Legal Terms of Service Privacy / Compliance Environmental Policy Copyright Notice Licensing CCPA IAB Europe TCF Regions ASEAN Australia & New Zealand Central Europe Germany India Middle East, Turkey, & Africa Nordics Southern Europe Western Europe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn ©2025 FoundryCo, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Privacy Settings California: Do Not Sell My Information