#1 Bitcoin Mining Pool | Foundry USA Pool About Foundry USA Pool™ News + Resources Careers Login Pool Login Contact Us Select Page The world’s #1 Bitcoin mining pool. Log In U.S.-based, institutional-grade Bitcoin mining pool focused on security and reliability. Built by miners for miners, delivering best-in-class services for every step of the miner journey. Why Choose Foundry USA Pool™? Foundry USA Pool™ provides a trusted and reliable infrastructure that contributes to the decentralization of Bitcoin’s hashrate. Setting new standards of professionalism, trust, and transparency in the sector, we take on the risks associated with mining and provide stable payouts to miners through our FPPS payout mode. We also maintain SOC compliance and KYC for our Bitcoin mining pool members. Designed with the end-user in mind, our feature-rich application and detailed product roadmap keep us delivering competitive and high-quality features aimed at helping miners succeed. Security & Permissions  Payouts enabled by a market-leading payment processor, with address whitelisting  KYC/AML of Pool Members  Tiered account permissions  Enhanced account authentication Trust & Transparency  Clear & consistent fee structure  US-based company with dedicated account managers  Fully exportable data  SOC 2 Type 1, SOC 2 Type 2, and SOC 1 Type 2 accreditation Reliability & Performance  Consistent FPPS Payouts  Low rejected and stale share rates with servers and global relays across the world  Robust API suite Join the Pool Interested in joining Foundry USA Pool™? Get in touch today. Join the Pool Join the Pool Q  Empower the Bitcoin Network Foundry Donate connects miners on Foundry USA Pool with nonprofits that give back to the core developers of the Bitcoin network. Pool members can allocate an amount of their earnings to automatically transfer to the nonprofit of their choosing. Your participation will support developers, fueling the growth of the Bitcoin network. Contact Us Contact the Foundry Donate team. Q Logistics By CLM From navigating customs regulations to optimizing shipping routes and providing secure storage in key U.S. mining regions, we work directly with Bitcoin miners to ensure your hardware moves safely, efficiently, and on your schedule—so you can focus on mining, not logistics.. Learn More Get in Touch Interested in working together? Drop us a line. Contact Us Contact Us Login About Foundry Foundry USA Pool™ Logistics By CLM News + Resources Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Bitcoin © 2026 Foundry Digital LLC. Follow Follow Follow Follow