Foureyes | Matching Your Buyers to Your Inventory Your tech stack isn't broken. It's just missing the connections that make it work → Big news coming January 2026 ! Product About Resources Sales Assistant What Foureyes Does Get A Demo Foureyes Connect How Does It Work? Consent Management for Dealer Groups Consent Management for Vendors Company Careers Contact Us Insights Data Case Studies Data Rights Resources Login Get a Demo Product What Foureyes Does Get a Demo Foureyes Connect Consent Management for Dealer Groups Consent Management for Vendors About Company Careers Contact Us Resources Insights Data Case Studies Data Rights Resources Login Get a Demo Matching buyers to your inventory Close more deals when Foureyes helps match your buyers' preferences to the inventory on your lot. Get a demo Automotive retail is the people business. And Foureyes is the sales assistant designed to support your team, not replace them. The software stays in lock-step with your people thanks to a robust data platform. How Foureyes helps Blood, sweat --> CHEERS! Drive more appointments and arm your sellers with insights to close more deals, all while maintaining sales process control. It's possible when Foureyes assists on the inefficient tasks of sales. Prospect Engagement Alert your leads to inventory changes with personalized updates that keep them engaged. Sales Enablement Identify when your leads are in-market and what they want Safety Net Ensure your leads are logged to your CRM Unified Data Automate lead and sales performance reporting and data collection You're in Good Company People love Foureyes "There are no silver bullets in auto, but if there was one, Foureyes would be it ." Brett Kukuk FCA - SEBC “Foureyes offers actionable insights into consumer behavior that enable my BDC and sales team to work more efficiently, and ultimately enable us to sell more cars. " Chip Alvey Oxmoor Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram "Right after we integrated Foureyes into our current processes, we started seeing success immediately ." Carmen Rodgers Woody Folsom CDJR of Vidalia "I can’t imagine competing in the digital world without them." John Bartle Legacy CDJR " I love it. People go dark on me all the time and then I can see that they come back after awhile AND that they're looking at different inventory." Will Moore Benson CDJR "Be ready for what you will see. Foureyes has truly affected and changed the way we do business." Mert Logue Peterson Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram "Last month we hit 200 cars for the first time ever! I wouldn't give this up for anything." Allison Swift Rick Hendrick Buick GMC Duluth Let's talk Give us 15 minutes to show you how Foureyes can help your people be more successful. Get a Demo Foureyes is a sales assistant software that works alongside dealership teams. It applies data to common failure points between lead creation and sale, so people get more done and close more deals. Get in Touch: (971) 352-3494 Product What Foureyes Does Foureyes Connect Pricing Get a Demo Enrollment Form Contact Contact Us Talk to Support Knowledge Base About Company Careers Data Ethics and Privacy Resources Insights Data Case Studies Inventory Data Data Rights Resources © 2025 Foureyes. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Stuff Unethical Behavior