Skip to main content
Home
Shows
News
Sports
Sign In
TV Provider

Stream every make-or-break moment of the biggest games live, or catch up on the action with highlights.

Starts at $19.99/month. Cancel anytime.

IF IT’S ON FOX, IT’S HERE.

Big Moments, Big Games, Big Names. Stream Live.

Starts at $19.99/month. Cancel anytime.

The voices you trust. The live coverage and breaking news you rely on. Stream your favorite FOX News shows live 24/7.

Starts at $19.99/month. Cancel anytime.

From high stakes game shows to high drama reality TV, and all the movies and shows in between. All live and on-demand.

Starts at $19.99/month. Cancel anytime.

Stream exclusive and original shows, documentaries, movies, and specials that honor American heritage.

Cancel anytime.

PICK YOUR PLAN

Stream live sports, news and entertainment. All in one place, at one low price.

$19.99/ month
Select

Limited-Time Offer

Get the bundle to stream FOX One and FOX Nation's library of exclusive and original content.

$19.99/ month

$24.99/month Save 20%

Select

Save 20% for the first six (6) months. $24.99/month thereafter.

Dozens of leagues. Thousands of hours of live sports. All on your terms.

$39.99/ month

$49.98/month Save 20%

Select

Already purchased through ESPN? Activate Here

THE LATEST NEWS
YOUR FAVORITE SPORTS
THE GOOD STUFF
ONE SUBSCRIPTION.
MULTIPLE STREAMS

One household, endless options. With FOX One, everyone can stream their favorites—on their own screen, at the same time.

Frequently Asked Questions
What is FOX One?

FOX One is a brand-new streaming service from FOX, launched on August 21. It's perfect if you've cut the cable cord or never had cable at all. FOX One brings all your favorite FOX channels together—like FOX News, FOX Sports, FOX Weather, FS1, FS2, FOX Business, FOX Deportes, Big Ten Network (BTN), local FOX stations, and FOX Network — all in one place.




With FOX One, you can stream live or watch shows on-demand. Subscriptions are $19.99/month or $199.99/year (save with annual).




FOX Nation fans can also bundle with FOX One for $24.99/month or choose the annual bundle for even more savings.




Additionally BTN can be added to any package for $12.99 per month or $89.99 annually.




Plus, FOX One makes it easy to discover what to watch with personalized recommendations powered by AI.




For updates and details, visit FOX.com

What devices are supported?

Minimum supported devices and operating systems for FOX One:

Apple TV (tvOS): tvOS 17.0
Roku: Roku OS 11.0
Android TV/Google TV: Android 6.0
Fire TV: FireOS 6.0
Samsung Smart TV (Tizen models 2019+): Chromium 64 & Edge 79
Vizio Smart TV (2016+): Chromium 64 & Edge 79
LG Smart TV (2020+): Chromium 64 & Edge 79
Android mobile: Android 7 (Nougat) / Android Version 21+
iOS mobile: iOS 16+
Xbox: Series S, Series X
Prime Video Channel
Can I watch live TV in FOX One?

Yes! FOX One includes access to live content, and allows you to record live TV to watch later.

What plans are available?

FOX One offers annual and monthly subscriptions, plus add-ons. Some plans include a free trial at signup.

What happens to my FOX Nation subscription?

If you already have a FOX Nation subscription, you can keep watching just like you always have—either online at foxnation.com or in the FOX Nation App on all your favorite devices. Plus, you can now log in to your existing FOX Nation account right through FOX One. Want to subscribe to FOX Nation? You can do that directly from FOX One, whether you’d like it on its own or bundled with other great FOX One content.

How Do I Sign In To FOX One with My TV Provider?
Using FOX One with your TV provider is easy! Here's how to get started, depending on the device you're using:

On fox.com:

Click TV Provider at the top of the page.
Search and select your provider from the list.
Sign in with your provider username and password.
Once you're signed in, you'll be automatically redirected back to fox.com.



On mobile apps:

Tap Connect TV Provider in the app
Find and select your TV provider.
Enter your username and password on your provider's site.
After signing in, you'll return automatically to the FOX One app.



On Living Room apps (Smart TVs, Roku, etc.):

Select Connect Provider in the app.
Follow the simple instructions displayed on your screen.
After signing in through your provider, you'll automatically be signed into your device.
Now you're ready to start watching!
Download The Mobile App
FOX Links
About Ads
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Terms of Use
TV Parental Guidelines
Accessibility
Help
Viewer Feedback
FOX Networks
Fox News
Fox Nation
Fox Weather
Fox Local
Fox Business
Fox Sports
Tubi
™ and © 2025 Fox Media LLC