Green Bay News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Titletown parties its way into 2026 with New Year's Eve activities, fireworks & family fun Festivities began at 10 a.m. Wednesday and will run until 1 a.m. New Year's Day. Tubers take to the slopes at Winter Park Ski Area in Kewaunee County With the New Year's holiday season underway, many people are taking to the outdoors. Along the Lakeshore, Winter Park Ski Area is open for tubing. Volunteers work to clean up Winter Storm Diego damage at Door County wildlife sanctuary From fallen trees to a damaged roof, The Ridges Sanctuary in Baileys Harbor is not what it once was, but dedicated volunteers are cleaning up the mess. 'Fighting Cancer With Grace' donates 200 care packages to 3 Northeast Wisconsin hospitals Grace Fuss, 19, of De Pere, started her nonprofit, Fighting Cancer With Grace, when she was just 12 years old. Local State Year in Review FOX 11 Food Project SKYFOX Beyond The Podium Town Hall News Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Amazing America Obituaries Connect To Congress Videos Livestream Armstrong Army Strong Question of the Day Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Project Education Traffic Weather Current Weather Green Bay Mostly Clear 10 F 12 / Today 12 / Thursday 12 / 3 Friday 16 / 8 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Boater and Marine Maps Cameras Closings FOX 11 Weather App Weather Study Guides Weather Stories Historic Weather Events Severe Weather Galleries Traffic Sports Sports Packers are locked into 7 seed, but building momentum before playoffs is key vs. Vikings It's about getting healthy, limiting mistakes and finding a way to win despite a three-game losing streak. Tune, Baldwin signed to active roster, Ridder to practice squad Safety Zayne Anderson and cornerback Nate Hobbs were placed on injured reserve. Packers get All-Pro CB Trevon Diggs off waivers, sign QB Desmond Ridder to practice squad This season, Diggs has played in just eight games for the Cowboys. He has 25 tackles and no interceptions so far this season. Bonduel boys stay unbeaten with win over Roncalli in top-10 showdown GREEN BAY (WLUK) -- In a matchup of Top 10 teams in Division 4, the Bonduel boys stayed unbeaten on the season, defeating Roncalli 79-72 Tuesday night.Little Ch Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime TICKETS City Guide Deer Hunt The Tundra Community Community 'Fighting Cancer With Grace' donates 200 care packages to 3 Northeast Wisconsin hospitals Grace Fuss, 19, of De Pere, started her nonprofit, Fighting Cancer With Grace, when she was just 12 years old. De Pere teen's nonprofit to donate another 200 care packages to people battling cancer For the seventh year in a row, cancer patients, their families and health care workers will receive a care package from 19-year-old Grace Fuss of De Pere. Micah Parsons treats Salvation Army kids to 'unforgettable' Packers game experience The experience included a trip through the tunnel and onto the field, watching the action from a suite and photos with and autographs from Parsons. Salvation Army's Red Kettle campaign meets donation goal; Christmas fundraiser still short Officials say a major piece of that initiative, the Red Kettle Campaign -- which ran from Nov. 12 through Dec. 24 -- was a success. Making A Difference FOX 11 Community Cares Golden Apple Awards Best of the Class Sinclair Cares Community Calendar Job Finder Suicide Prevention Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 10 ° Thu 12 ° Fri 16 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local State Wisconsin Budget Year in Review FOX 11 Food Project SKYFOX Beyond The Podium Town Hall News Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Amazing America Obituaries Connect To Congress Videos Livestream Armstrong Army Strong Question of the Day Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Project Education Traffic Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Boater and Marine Maps Cameras Closings FOX 11 Weather App Weather Study Guides Weather Stories Historic Weather Events Severe Weather Galleries Traffic Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime TICKETS City Guide Deer Hunt The Tundra Community Down Arrow Community Home Making A Difference FOX 11 Community Cares Golden Apple Awards Best of the Class Sinclair Cares Community Calendar Weekend Fun Job Finder Suicide Prevention Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Good Day WI Down Arrow Good Day WI Home Fox 11 Field House Living Down Arrow Living Home Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out For Pet's Sake Award Winning Cheeses Local Home Selling & Buying Tips Stock Sisters Newsletter Sign Up On Fox 11 Down Arrow On Fox 11 Home Contact Careers Contests Fox 11 Golf Card Stream FOX 11 TV Schedule FOX 11 APPS People Partner Spotlight Newsletter Sign Up FOX 11 Social Directory Legal Down Arrow Contact Us Terms And Conditions FCC Public Profile EEO Report FCC Applications Public File Assistance Copyright Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Trump attends NYE Party President Donald Trump attends a New Year's Eve Party in Palm Beach, Florida READ MORE WATCH Close Watch 2025: A Year in Review Join FOX 11's Mark Leland and Michelle Melby for 2025: A Year in Review, looking back at the stories that made news during the year. Oneida Nation Business Committee condemns subsidiary's ICE facility construction contracts Tribal leaders are speaking out about a joint venture business under the Oneida Nation receiving contracts to work with Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Officials identify woman who died after being shot in Hilbert home on Christmas A GoFundMe page for Couillard says she was the mother of two children. Oklahoma woman accused of traveling to Neenah to have sexual contact with minor An Oklahoma woman was arrested and is accused of traveling to Neenah to sexually abuse a 16-year-old girl. Packers get All-Pro CB Trevon Diggs off waivers, sign QB Desmond Ridder to practice squad This season, Diggs has played in just eight games for the Cowboys. He has 25 tackles and no interceptions so far this season. 'Fighting Cancer With Grace' donates 200 care packages to 3 Northeast Wisconsin hospitals Grace Fuss, 19, of De Pere, started her nonprofit, Fighting Cancer With Grace, when she was just 12 years old. Volunteers work to clean up Winter Storm Diego damage at Door County wildlife sanctuary From fallen trees to a damaged roof, The Ridges Sanctuary in Baileys Harbor is not what it once was, but dedicated volunteers are cleaning up the mess. Negotiations at Grand Chute hotel end with 1 person dead There were no additional occupants in the room. 1 man injured, another arrested after stabbing in Neenah Around 12:45 a.m. Wednesday, a man went to the hospital with multiple stab wounds. Happy New Year! Show us how you're ringing in 2026 Open this story to share a photo or video of your party. Local News Titletown parties its way into 2026 with New Year's Eve activities, fireworks & family fun Festivities began at 10 a.m. Wednesday and will run until 1 a.m. New Year's Day. Building for Kids paints a festive picture for children with New Year's Eve countdown fun From 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday, the museum had face painting, noisemaker creation, festive parades, countdowns with confetti tosses and ball drops every hour. Tubers take to the slopes at Winter Park Ski Area in Kewaunee County With the New Year's holiday season underway, many people are taking to the outdoors. Along the Lakeshore, Winter Park Ski Area is open for tubing. Timber Rattlers Holiday Lights display adjusts hours due to forecasted cold weather Due to colder weather, the display will open an hour later and close an hour earlier on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. De Pere teen's nonprofit to donate another 200 care packages to people battling cancer For the seventh year in a row, cancer patients, their families and health care workers will receive a care package from 19-year-old Grace Fuss of De Pere. Citizens Academy offers behind-the-badge look inside Brown County Sheriff's Office Applications are now open for the 2026 Citizens Academy, hosted by the Brown County Sheriff's Office. Kimberly and Little Chute to fund Fox Valley Metro Police Department through at least 2026 Its budget includes a $475,000 decrease for its agreement with Little Chute and a new $539,000 for contractual services with Outagamie County. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Officials identify woman who died after being shot in Hilbert home on Christmas A GoFundMe page for Couillard says she was the mother of two children. Negotiations at Grand Chute hotel end with 1 person dead There were no additional occupants in the room. Grand Chute police responding to 'active incident' at hotel, public asked to avoid area FOX 11's crew on scene observed a large police presence at the DoubleTree by Hilton, located at 150 S. Nicolet Road. 1 man injured, another arrested after stabbing in Neenah Around 12:45 a.m. Wednesday, a man went to the hospital with multiple stab wounds. Oklahoma woman accused of traveling to Neenah to have sexual contact with minor An Oklahoma woman was arrested and is accused of traveling to Neenah to sexually abuse a 16-year-old girl. Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports Packers are locked into 7 seed, but building momentum before playoffs is key vs. Vikings It's about getting healthy, limiting mistakes and finding a way to win despite a three-game losing streak. Tune, Baldwin signed to active roster, Ridder to practice squad Safety Zayne Anderson and cornerback Nate Hobbs were placed on injured reserve. Bonduel boys stay unbeaten with win over Roncalli in top-10 showdown GREEN BAY (WLUK) -- In a matchup of Top 10 teams in Division 4, the Bonduel boys stayed unbeaten on the season, defeating Roncalli 79-72 Tuesday night.Little Ch See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Distracted driving in Wisconsin: Statistics and facts Distracted driving remains a serious safety problem on Wisconsin roads, according to recent data. SPONSORED Manske Family Farms:  A family affair with a rich history spanning one hundred sixty years Today we are interviewing Amy and Kathy from Manske Family Farms in New London, Wisconsin.Amy tells us that the Manske farm is more than one hundred sixty years SPONSORED Woldt Farms: a fourth-generation family’s focus on waterway conservation Today we are interviewing Kelsey from Woldt Farms in Brillion, Wisconsin.Kelsey shares that her great-great-grandfather, Herman Woldt, started the farm in 1911. SPONSORED Tire Safety Month: Stay safe on the road with Matthews Tire Tire Safety Month: Stay safe on the road with Matthews Tire SPONSORED Cornette Dairy - Proud caretakers of a longstanding family tradition since the 1800s Today we are interviewing Paul from Cornette Dairy in Luxemburg, Wisconsin.The farm was originally purchased by Paul's father in 1972, and it is currently run b SPONSORED Welcome to J-Springs Dairy - a family legacy since 1965 Today we are interviewing Sam Ziegler, one of the friendly faces from J-Springs Dairy in Freedom, Wisconsin.The farm was originally started in 1965 when John an SPONSORED Spring has sprung, and it’s time to step outside! Deck the home with a beautiful deck from Integrity Decking! SPONSORED Design a maintenance-free deck with materials built to withstand extreme weather Are you already dreaming of warm weather and relaxing in the sunlight outside your home? You&rsquo;re not alone! Soon enough, you and your loved ones can lounge under SPONSORED Expert Q & A: How to design and build the ideal summer deck for your home Winter weather is expected to continue for a while longer, but that shouldn&rsquo;t prevent homeowners from dreaming about relaxing on the deck in the summer. SPONSORED Home for the holidays: Celebrate the season with timeless holiday décor! If you can hear those sleigh bells jingling, then it must mean Christmas is around the corner! SPONSORED Family and friendship on forty acres - a rewarding tradition: Hoewisch Homestead Dairy Today we are interviewing Jake from Hoewisch Homestead Dairy in Fremont, Wisconsin.Jake is a fifth-generation family member farming forty acres that started wit SPONSORED A success story in sustainability: Alsteen Dairy Farms Today we are interviewing Carolyn from Alsteen Dairy Farms in Lena, Wisconsin.Carolyn is part of the fifth-generation family-owned farm, working with her parent Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Good Day Wisconsin Shaking up the New Year with cocktails and zero-proof options from Iron Duck Caleb Suda, owner of Iron Duck Restaurant in Howard, stopped by the studio with recipes for a few of his favorite holiday drinks, including one for N/A drinkers Enjoy Pulaski's Winter Wanderland: stroll through 70 lit trees Shippy Park is filled by 70 Christmas trees that were adopted by families, clubs and businesses thanks to Pulaski Area Community Education. FOX 11 Storm Chaser checks out road conditions in Winter Storm Diego Although the snow diminished early Monday morning across our area, Winter Storm Diego is making the morning commute a little tricky. Pages and Pours merges classic books with fine wines on Main Avenue in De Pere DE PERE (WLUK) -- A classic bookshop and wine bar have found a shared home on Main Avenue in De Pere.Enjoy a pour of wine or craft beer while you shop at Pages Still time to enjoy the glow of the season at the Oshkosh Celebration of Lights The lights are on display now and running through New Year’s Eve. Step into winter with tips to keep you moving from Fleet Feet Fox Valley FOX 11's Emily Deem was joined by the crew at Fleet Feet Fox Valley to share some tips on how to stay active and safe this winter. Appleton's Simple Simon Bakery offers a taste of tradition with Tom and Jerry mix Next generation baker, Connor Simon, shares his family's Tom and Jerry mix that you can make at home. Slower than Thanksgiving, ATW still expects busy holiday travel season The airport is anticipating 30,000 inbound and outbound passengers for the entire week. Victorian holiday magic returns to Rahr-West Art Museum in Manitowoc this season A popular holiday tradition is back along the Lakeshore. Monday Morning Makeover wraps the year with holiday hairstyles and festive fashion trends Stylist Josif Wittnik joined Good Day Wisconsin, live from The Salon Professional Academy in Appleton. NFC North showdown, holidays on horizon create exciting environment at Packers Pro Shop The Pro Shop is open 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Christmas Eve and closed on Christmas. Neville Public Museum joins GDW to talk holiday fun Bruce the Spruce is taking place today from Noon to 3. Meet the animals! Good Day Wisconsin spends morning with Wildlife Sanctuary There are events at the Wildlife Sanctuary through the end of the year and beginning again in early January. Sounds of the Season: Bay Port High School Bay Port High School students shared a holiday tune on Good Day Wisconsin. Evergleams return to the lakeshore, celebrate 10 years You can check out the trees on display through Jan. 5. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Living Jyll and Abby swing by the Stock Sister's holiday pajama party! Fox 11 Living showed up at Abby's new house in Shawano to share in their family's holiday traditions, have some snacks and learn a new holiday cocktail recipe! Turkey Taco Rice Skillet A healthy one pot wonder filled with veggies, rice and ground turkey, which Chef Jyll serves with tortilla chips! Pumpkin Coffee Cake with Brown Sugar Glaze Chef Jyll's  Mom makes the best pumpkin coffee cake, and she's here to share her recipe! See More Right arrow Making a Difference Micah Parsons treats Salvation Army kids to 'unforgettable' Packers game experience The experience included a trip through the tunnel and onto the field, watching the action from a suite and photos with and autographs from Parsons. Salvation Army's Red Kettle campaign meets donation goal; Christmas fundraiser still short Officials say a major piece of that initiative, the Red Kettle Campaign -- which ran from Nov. 12 through Dec. 24 -- was a success. Green Bay food pantries call for continued donations as post-Christmas need remains high Another Christmas is behind us, but it's not too late to help out people in need. Memorial service honors Green Bay community members who died while homeless Organizers say it's a solemn event, but it also serves as a call to action. See More Right arrow High School Gametime Appleton North, De Pere post WBY Shootout wins MILWAUKEE (WLUK) - Appleton East, Hortonville and Kewaunee post victories Ella Sweeney's 31 points leads Appleton East past Neenah West De Pere's Chris Greisen stepping down as head football coach After winning the WIAA Division 2 State Championship in the 2025 season, West De Pere head football coach Chris Greisen announced he is stepping down. HSGT: St. Mary Catholic and Winneconne post victories St. Mary Catholic and Winneconne won non-conference games Monday See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Contact Us Terms And Conditions FCC Public Profile EEO Report FCC Applications Public File Assistance Copyright Careers Contests News Weather Sports Community On FOX 11 Good Day WI Living Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.