Nashville News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News What are 'Pixie Cups?' Tiny lichens with a big impact in the Great Smoky Mountains If you look closely at dead or downed trees in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, you might discover miniature forests thriving on the forest floor. Have you seen Victoria? Silver Alert issued for missing Spring Hill woman The TBI has issued a Silver Alert for a 61-year-old woman missing from Spring Hill. Nashville crime drops 12% in 2025 as education and housing see major gains Metro Nashville officials report that crime declined across the city in 2025, while schools achieved record performance. FBI Nashville highlights 2025 crime crackdown with major arrests and seizures The FBI in Nashville is emphasizing its efforts to combat crime in 2025. Local Growing Nashville Back to School Mindful Mondays Addicted Ferrier Files FOX Links Nation & World Offbeat Amazing America Connect to Congress Videos Entertainment Raw News Election Lauren Agee Armstrong Army Strong Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day Project Nashville Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson The Fight for Equality Did You Know? 2020 Results Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom FOX 17 Code Red Weather FOX 17 Code Red Weather Nashville Clear 41 F 59 / 31 Today 59 / 31 Thursday 59 / 36 Friday 55 / 40 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps School Closings School Closings Login/Admin Check Your Flight Status Pollen Tracking Code Red Days 2020 Tornado Outbreak Weather Safety FOX 17 Investigates FOX 17 Investigates Family of missing mother, toddler lead charge for state law reform in cold cases One family is pushing for state law reform in how cold cases are handled and prosecuted, as nearly 1,000 missing person cases in TN remain unsolved. Nashville massage therapist loses license after assault claims A Nashville massage therapist has lost his license after being accused of sexual assault at "The NOW" massage location in Belle Meade. Body cam video uncovered: Inside look at ICE crackdown in Nashville FOX 17 News is taking a deeper look into the immigration sweep that prompted a strong reaction across Nashville and Middle Tennessee. Nashville's housing crisis: Can essential workers afford to stay? Nashville's essential workers, including teachers, police officers and service workers, are finding it increasingly difficult to afford to live in the city. Nashville Cameras Game Center Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 41 ° Thu 55 ° Fri 56 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Growing Nashville Back to School Mindful Mondays Addicted Ferrier Files FOX Links Nation & World Offbeat Amazing America Connect to Congress Videos Entertainment Raw News Election Lauren Agee Armstrong Army Strong Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day Project Nashville Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson The Fight for Equality Did You Know? 2020 Results Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom FOX 17 Code Red Weather Down Arrow FOX 17 Code Red Weather Home Radar Maps School Closings School Closings Login/Admin Check Your Flight Status Pollen Tracking Code Red Days 2020 Tornado Outbreak Weather Safety FOX 17 Investigates Nashville Cameras Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Fox 17 SkyEye Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Election Results Back to School 2025 Send us Your Tips Down Arrow Send us Your Tips Home How to Submit Featured Down Arrow Featured Home FOX 17 Rock and Review Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Question of the Day Nashville in Focus Back to School Skywatch 17's Weather 101 School Visits HOMETOWN TOUR: Nashville Christmas In Nashville Fuel Gauge For Pet's Sake CMA Fest 2019 Open for Business Murrow Awards High Cost of Homelessness Dog of the Day Zoo Zone School Resupply Drive Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact Advertise With Us People Careers Contests Schedule Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Nashville Sounds Inside Smashville Scoreboard FOX Football Frenzy Nashville SC TICKETS City Guide Nashville Game Changers Steer Clear Traffic Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices WZTV EEO Public File Report WZTV FCC Info WNAB EEO Public File Report WNAB FCC Info FCC Applications WNAB FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. More people are self-deporting than getting deported, DHS says The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) told FOX 17 News more people are self deporting than getting deported. Tennesseans steer into 2026: New laws drive change for motorists, pet owners, and more When Tennesseans ring in 2026, several new state laws will quietly take effect, changing how drivers, pet owners, consumers, and even tattoo artists interact wi What are 'Pixie Cups?' Tiny lichens with a big impact in the Great Smoky Mountains If you look closely at dead or downed trees in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, you might discover miniature forests thriving on the forest floor. Have you seen Victoria? Silver Alert issued for missing Spring Hill woman The TBI has issued a Silver Alert for a 61-year-old woman missing from Spring Hill. Everything you need to know before heading downtown for Nashville's New Year's Eve As thousands of people prepare to ring in the New Year downtown, city leaders say safety planning is already in full swing. Businesses moving to Middle Tennessee in 2026: See the list More business owners are putting their money into Middle Tennessee in 2026 as 2025 closes out with an In-N-Out Burger introduction. Apparent suicide at TriStar Centennial prompted police presence Metro Police responded to a reported self-inflicted gunshot wound at TriStar Centennial in Midtown Nashville Tuesday morning. Clarksville police seek three suspects in Christmas Eve assault at Governors Square Mall Clarksville Police Department are asking for the public’s help identifying three women accused of assaulting store employees at Governors Square Mall last week. Nashville crime drops 12% in 2025 as education and housing see major gains Metro Nashville officials report that crime declined across the city in 2025, while schools achieved record performance. Local News FBI Nashville highlights 2025 crime crackdown with major arrests and seizures The FBI in Nashville is emphasizing its efforts to combat crime in 2025. POLL: Do you think it's a good investment of your tax dollars to fund self-deportation? We want to hear from you.Do you think it's a good investment of your tax dollars to fund self-deportation?Cast your vote. VIDEO: Dog tries to follow car that abandoned it the day after Christmas in Wilson County An investigation is underway after a dog is abandoned in Wilson County the day after Christmas.The heartbreaking scene of a dog being dumped at the 800 block of Teen, 16, shot in North Nashville park A 16-year-old girl was shot in the leg Tuesday night when she was at a park in North Nashville, police say. New Year's Eve forecast in Middle Tennessee: Highs near 50, cooler by midnight New Year's Eve and New Year's Day are looking promising! Man arrested for indecent exposure, touching passenger on flight to Nashville A man was arrested for allegedly exposing himself and touching another passenger on a flight from San Francisco to Nashville on Monday night. Tennessee sees rise in black bear encounters as population grows The Tennessee Wildlife Resource Agency (TWRA) has issued a warning about increased interactions with black bears as the state's population continues to grow. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. Businesses moving to Middle Tennessee in 2026: See the list More business owners are putting their money into Middle Tennessee in 2026 as 2025 closes out with an In-N-Out Burger introduction. Tennesseans steer into 2026: New laws drive change for motorists, pet owners, and more When Tennesseans ring in 2026, several new state laws will quietly take effect, changing how drivers, pet owners, consumers, and even tattoo artists interact wi Everything you need to know before heading downtown for Nashville's New Year's Eve As thousands of people prepare to ring in the New Year downtown, city leaders say safety planning is already in full swing. Apparent suicide at TriStar Centennial prompted police presence Metro Police responded to a reported self-inflicted gunshot wound at TriStar Centennial in Midtown Nashville Tuesday morning. Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Tennessee to face Illinois in Music City Bowl at Nissan Stadium College football fans from across the state are gearing up for the Music City Bowl on Tuesday at Nissan Stadium. Saints rally with a big second half to beat the Titans 34-26 Tyler Shough threw a 10-yard touchdown pass to Kevin Austin Jr. with 6:22 left to put New Orleans Saints ahead to stay as they rallied from a 13-point deficit t See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Don't Risk Your AC Warranty - Regular Maintenance is a Must! At D&G A/C Services, we understand the importance of a well-maintained HVAC system. Regular maintenance doesn&rsquo;t just keep your system running efficiently &ndash; it a SPONSORED Keep the heart of our community going: How to support local businesses Over the last month, our lives have changed, and we are all trying to find our new normal as we navigate through the coronavirus pandemic. Together we can and will get through this time by supporting each other, especially the heart of our community - your local businesses. Local businesses are owned by your neighbors, they employ your neighbors, and they create the unique fabric of each community. They know their customers, develop relationships with their regulars, and find ways to give back. SPONSORED Nashville's Loveless Cafe offering Easter meals for pickup NASHVILLE, Tenn. --Loveless Cafe is offering Easter meals for pickup on Sunday at the Biscuit Kitchen. The iconic restaurant reports items available for pickup include an 8lb smoked pork butt, southern sides such as hashbrown casserole, mac & cheese, and mashed potatoes with gravy. Family meals including smoked pulled pork or country fried chicken tenders with two sides will also be available as will their Loveless Cafe biscuits and preserves. Pickup will be available from 8 a. m. -8 p. m. SPONSORED Tax refunds and tax prep fees shouldn't be a surprise Even though it's been more than a year since tax reform passed, most people have taken a wait-and-see approach to figure out what tax reform means for them. Only 19 percent of survey respondents said they updated their paycheck withholding to take tax reform into account. Now that it's tax season, it's the moment of truth. Almost half of the survey respondents think tax reform is going to increase their refund. SPONSORED Middle Tennessee's Vein Guys help thousands overcome cosmetic, medical vein diseases NASHVILLE, Tenn. --Approximately 15% of people in the U. S. are affected by varicose veins, while millions of others face other more serious issues, such as thrombophlebitis,according to Johns Hopkins Medicine. The pandemic continues to test hospital resources, leaving many on hold to undergo elective surgeries. Some health needs don't have to wait. One of them is addressing vein disease. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Ferrier Files Generations of love and laughter: Riddle family’s 50-year Christmas cookie tradition The power of sharing a night in the kitchen baking Christmas cookies was on full display. If you are looking for a story filled with Christmas meaning, this is Middle Tennessee missionaries aid more than 1,100 Ukrainian war orphans A small Middle Tennessee ministry says it has now helped more than 1,100 Ukrainian war orphans as the war with Russia enters another winter.The Wings of the Win Martial arts for autistic kids in Nashville A Nashville martial arts master known around the world for training elite fighters has found a new calling &mdash; helping children with autism. Disabled vet builds new life with haunted house In the basement of his Clarksville home, award-winning special effects designer David Cowger brings monsters to life. Sparta farmer co-op promotes healthier eating through chemical-free food A farmer's co-op in Sparta, Tennessee is on a mission to change the way Americans eat - one loaf at a time. Experience boating without ownership: Freedom Boat Club takes away the hassles Who hasn’t thought about owning a boat? Days on the water sound carefree... until the costs and maintenance sink in.The Freedom Boat Club of Tennessee says it h Harness racing hangs on in Tennessee at Lincoln County Fair Harness racing is a dying sport in Tennessee. In fact, there is only one place in the state to see it live... and only for one week each year. Tennessee farmers raise funds to feed children through annual shooting event Tennessee farmers make a living feeding people, but every year they come together to do it for free, and for a cause.The state’s agricultural community hosts Sh Marshall County man's YouTube channel uncovers hidden histories behind vintage photos A Marshall County man has transformed a unique hobby into a growing YouTube following by uncovering the forgotten stories behind old photographs and headstones. New twist on fitness in Middle Tennessee: These studios are part of a growing trend From specialized stretching studios to high-tech muscle training, Middle Tennesseans are exploring new ways to stay fit and active. Traditional Chinese tea house offers unique experience in Murfreesboro In a quiet Murfreesboro neighborhood, a private home doubles as one of Middle Tennessee’s most unusual cultural destinations: a traditional Chinese tea house. 'I just took a step of faith': The story of a small café in Murfreesboro A small restaurant in Murfreesboro specializes in two things: Grilled cheese sandwiches and hope. Middle Tennessee mission group aids nearly 1,000 Ukrainian war orphans A group of senior citizen missionaries from Middle Tennessee has quietly transformed the lives of nearly 1,000 Ukrainian war orphans over the past three years. Free active shooter training offered to Tennessee teachers An anonymous donor is covering the cost of a full day of active shooter training for any teacher in Tennessee. The course, led by one of the nation’s top school Middle Tennessee missionaries bring shoes and hope to 900 Ukrainian war orphans A group of Middle Tennessee senior citizen missionaries is doing remarkable things for war orphans in Ukraine. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page FOX 17 Investigates Family of missing mother, toddler lead charge for state law reform in cold cases One family is pushing for state law reform in how cold cases are handled and prosecuted, as nearly 1,000 missing person cases in TN remain unsolved. Nashville massage therapist loses license after assault claims A Nashville massage therapist has lost his license after being accused of sexual assault at "The NOW" massage location in Belle Meade. Body cam video uncovered: Inside look at ICE crackdown in Nashville FOX 17 News is taking a deeper look into the immigration sweep that prompted a strong reaction across Nashville and Middle Tennessee. See More Right arrow Spotlight on America After our investigations, building momentum to ditch toxic chemical in IV equipment For more than a year, we've been telling you about a toxic chemical used to make some IV bags and tubing in the US that can undermine cancer treatments and pose Legal fight intensifies over Depo-Provera and brain tumor allegations This week, the FDA approved a label change on Depo Provera, requiring its maker, Pfizer, to warn women about links between use of the birth control injection an Runaways targeted by child sex traffickers Children and teens who run away from home are among those at highest risk of being targeted by human traffickers. Army OB-GYN accused of recording women's exams in massive military sexual misconduct case For the second time in a matter of months, the Army is reckoning with an explosive sexual abuse investigation involving a trusted doctor. See More Right arrow Connect to Congress Republican moderates defy party leaders to force vote on ACA tax credits extension The tension in the Capitol had been building for weeks &mdash; a quiet, humming anxiety that threaded through late-night committee rooms and whispered conversations i Government shutdown to stretch into next week with Senate on recess and no end in sight The government shutdown entered a 24th day on Friday as lawmakers remain deeply divided on a plan to reopen the government. Lawmakers renew vows to address online safety for kids in long-delayed void Congress is trying to gear up for another run at addressing a longstanding problem with protecting children online after years of promises to crack down. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices WZTV EEO Public File Report WZTV FCC Info WNAB EEO Public File Report WNAB FCC Info FCC Applications WNAB FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Traffic Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.