Baltimore News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Police investigate 7-Eleven robbery in Glen Burnie involving 3 masked suspects Anne Arundel County Police are investigating an armed robbery that occurred at a 7-Eleven store in Glen Burnie, officials announced.The incident took place on D Ringing In The New Year With Cold Temps and Possibly Some Snow In Maryland Not as windy for New Year's Eve with temps in the 30s. Ring in 2026 with free rides on Metro and Lyft across the DMV People celebrating New Year’s Eve in the DMV will have several free ride options aimed at reducing drunk driving during one of the most dangerous times of the y Baltimore and Annapolis ring in 2026 with fireworks, music, and family-friendly events To welcome the new year, here are firework shows and festive events happening in Baltimore and Annapolis to celebrate the start of 2026. Election Results Local Fox45 Mornings Back to School Headquarters Crisis in the Classroom City in Crisis Marylands Most Wanted BMORE Lifestyle Maryland Moments Amazing America Nation & World Inside Your World Spotlight on America Gun Trace Task Force Connect to Congress Beyond The Podium Armstrong Army Strong Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Traffic Edge Chime In News Links Healthy Home Weather Current Weather Baltimore AM Clouds/PM Sun 31 F 36 / 31 Today 36 / 31 Thursday 35 / 23 Friday 37 / 27 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Closings Maps Radar Hurricane Center Sports Unlimited Sports Unlimited WATCH: Sunday is the 40th meeting between Harbaugh-Tomlin, could it be the last like this? WATCH: Sunday is the 40th meeting between Harbaugh-Tomlin, could it be their last like this in this heated rivarly with both coaches rumored all season to be on Steelers could have T.J. Watt back for AFC North championship showdown against Ravens The Pittsburgh Steelers could have outside linebacker T.J. Watt back for their &ldquo;win or go home&rdquo; showdown with Baltimore for the AFC North title on Sunday night. Ravens legends Terrell Suggs and Marshal Yanda among 15 finalists for Pro Football HOF Quarterback Drew Brees and wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald headlined a group of four modern era finalists in their first year of eligibility for the Pro Football Patriots receiver Stefon Diggs (Maryland) faces strangulation charges, denies allegations New England Patriots star wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing strangulation and other criminal charges in connection with an episode that happened earlier this Project Baltimore Project Baltimore Baltimore City Schools to change curriculum amid federal discrimination investigation Baltimore City Public Schools is adjusting parts of its curriculum as the school system awaits the results of a federal civil rights investigation. Harford County School Board moves to tighten hiring rules following FOX45 investigation Harford County’s Board of Education is taking action after Fox45 News exposed that a man facing 15 federal charges was hired to be a teacher.Now, a new policy h Guns, drugs & kids: Concerns mount after new charges for former Harford Co. School worker Additional criminal charges have now been filed against a man who was working inside a Harford County elementary school. In effort to end Education Department, Secretary McMahon notes Baltimore schools failures The work to dismantle the U.S. Department of Education has come to Maryland. Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 31 ° Thu 33 ° Fri 38 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Election Results Local Fox45 Mornings Back to School Headquarters Crisis in the Classroom City in Crisis Marylands Most Wanted BMORE Lifestyle Maryland Moments Amazing America Nation & World Inside Your World Spotlight on America Gun Trace Task Force Connect to Congress Beyond The Podium Armstrong Army Strong Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Traffic Edge Chime In News Links Healthy Home Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Closings Maps Radar Hurricane Center Sports Unlimited Project Baltimore Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving FOX45 In Depth Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Obituaries Spotlight On Maryland Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Advertising Careers Community Contact Contests Copyright Directions to WBFF EEO Email List Sign Up Black History Honors People Schedule Terms Events Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Greater Living Celebrating a Century Privacy For Pet's Sake Newsletter Sign Up Military Appreciation Show Us Something Good Next Gen TV Advocating for Your Child's Future GIVING A LIFT Community Connections Shoe in For School Success Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Sports Unlimited TICKETS City Guide Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests Maryland Political Ad Disclosures – Ad Networks facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Baltimore and Annapolis ring in 2026 with fireworks, music, and family-friendly events To welcome the new year, here are firework shows and festive events happening in Baltimore and Annapolis to celebrate the start of 2026. Ringing In The New Year With Cold Temps and Possibly Some Snow In Maryland Not as windy for New Year's Eve with temps in the 30s. Maryland named most expensive state for utilities, report finds A new report revealed that Maryland is the most expensive state for utilities, while Baltimore is the country's 5th-most expensive city.Households in Maryland p MN fraud allegations: House Oversight Chairman announces hearing House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, R-Ky., announced Wednesday that there would be a hearing on the alleged Minnesota fraud on January 7. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Ex-FBI agent says Minnesota's Medicaid fraud prevention layer won't solve current problem Recently the Minnesota Department of Human Services announced that it would be adding another layer of verification for Medicaid payments to prevent fraud. Police investigate 7-Eleven robbery in Glen Burnie involving 3 masked suspects Anne Arundel County Police are investigating an armed robbery that occurred at a 7-Eleven store in Glen Burnie, officials announced.The incident took place on D Ring in 2026 with free rides on Metro and Lyft across the DMV People celebrating New Year’s Eve in the DMV will have several free ride options aimed at reducing drunk driving during one of the most dangerous times of the y Maryland’s senior wave is coming - and oversight is already cracking Maryland’s future is already written into its population charts. Within the next two decades, more than a quarter of the state’s residents will be 65 or older, Howard County police charge three suspects after nearly 50 vehicle break-ins overnight Howard County police have charged three suspects from Baltimore in connection with a string of vehicle break-ins that targeted nearly 50 vehicles. Local News Surveillance cameras capture suspect dragging victim's body after fatal shooting Security cameras from businesses in an industrial park helped detectives piece together what happened the night a woman was shot and killed in early December. Maryland State Parks celebrating America's birthday with 250 mile hiking challenge Maryland State Parks is celebrating America's 250th birthday by challenging residents to hike 250 miles in state parks next year. Investigation reveals combination of combustible gases caused Baltimore manhole fire An investigation has revealed the cause of the underground fire in September of 2024, Mayor Brandon Scott announced Tuesday. Harford County police seek help in identifying suspects linked to theft in Bel Air Harford County police are seeking the publics help SUN: 4 longtime retailers departing Towson Town Center At least three chain fashion retailers are leaving Towson Town Center, with Tommy Bahama already cleared out and Banana Republic and Madewell departing in comin PSC directs BGE to take steps to improve call center after hundreds of complaints The Maryland Public Service Commission issued an order Tuesday, detailing steps Baltimore Gas and Electric needs to take to remedy call center issues."BGE ackno Maryland audit: $32.5 million procurement system failed, raising oversight concerns A new state audit is raising serious questions about how Maryland spends and oversees taxpayer dollars, finding tens of millions of dollars were wasted. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending SUN: 4 longtime retailers departing Towson Town Center At least three chain fashion retailers are leaving Towson Town Center, with Tommy Bahama already cleared out and Banana Republic and Madewell departing in comin Maryland named most expensive state for utilities, report finds A new report revealed that Maryland is the most expensive state for utilities, while Baltimore is the country's 5th-most expensive city.Households in Maryland p Surveillance cameras capture suspect dragging victim's body after fatal shooting Security cameras from businesses in an industrial park helped detectives piece together what happened the night a woman was shot and killed in early December. Maryland’s senior wave is coming - and oversight is already cracking Maryland’s future is already written into its population charts. Within the next two decades, more than a quarter of the state’s residents will be 65 or older, Cold & Windy Tuesday; Some Snow Possible For New Year's Eve In Maryland The wind sticks around on Tuesday with colder temps. Nation & World CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. Oregon Somali community reacts to national rhetoric on Minnesota fraud allegations A surge of federal officers are cracking down on immigration in Minnesota after fresh allegations of fraud against daycares run by Somali residents. Court order suggests DOJ pushed Abrego Garcia prosecution after mistaken deportation His case drew national attention after he was mistakenly deported to El Salvador in March and brought back to the United States in June under a court order. Fact Check Team: Exploring the roots of US-Venezuela conflict Tensions between the United States and Venezuela are once again climbing. While recent headlines focus on drug smuggling and U.S. strikes tied to trafficking ro HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. See More Right arrow Sports WATCH: Sunday is the 40th meeting between Harbaugh-Tomlin, could it be the last like this? WATCH: Sunday is the 40th meeting between Harbaugh-Tomlin, could it be their last like this in this heated rivarly with both coaches rumored all season to be on Steelers could have T.J. Watt back for AFC North championship showdown against Ravens The Pittsburgh Steelers could have outside linebacker T.J. Watt back for their &ldquo;win or go home&rdquo; showdown with Baltimore for the AFC North title on Sunday night. Ravens legends Terrell Suggs and Marshal Yanda among 15 finalists for Pro Football HOF Quarterback Drew Brees and wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald headlined a group of four modern era finalists in their first year of eligibility for the Pro Football See More Right arrow Entertainment The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED 10 tips for experienced drivers after a car accident Learn 10 key legal and safety steps experienced drivers in Baltimore should know in the event of a car accident. SPONSORED Stay strong this winter: 10 ways to beat the cold and protect your joints Protect your joints this winter season with these tips. SPONSORED Check in to Amelia Island’s coastal charm Looking for the perfect place to relax and recharge? Amelia Island has you covered. SPONSORED Explore the best of Amelia Island, Florida Experience Amelia Island’s blend of coastal beauty, historic charm, and outdoor adventure for an unforgettable Florida getaway. SPONSORED Winter weather increases need for vigilance on Baltimore roads During the winter months, roads become more dangerous and auto accidents tend to increase in the Baltimore area, as cold weather sets in and more people begin t SPONSORED Birth injury: Understanding the roles your healthcare providers play At Wais, Vogelstein, Forman, Koch & Norman, neglectful healthcare providers are held responsible in cases of birth injury or medical malpractice. SPONSORED Protecting new beginnings: Birth injury and accountability in Maryland A dedicated legal team can help families seek accountability and ensure justice after birth injuries. SPONSORED Analyzing healthcare providers and their roles in birth injury cases Chris Norman and Brian Cathell, partners at Wais, Vogelstein, Froman, Koch & Norman, visit BMORE Lifestyle to discuss the players involved in delivery and how r SPONSORED Caution! Don’t let a winter sports injury put you on the sidelines Stay active this winter by warming up, gearing up, and playing smart to prevent cold-weather sports injuries. SPONSORED Thanksgiving traffic changes announced for Baltimore The Baltimore City Department of Transportation (BCDOT) announced traffic modifications that will be in place amid various Thanksgiving Day activities in the ci SPONSORED Triple shooting in West Baltimore leaves at least one dead, two injured Atleast one person is dead after a suspected shooting in West Baltimore on Saturday afternoon. SPONSORED What drivers need to know about DUI checkpoints during the holiday season The holidays are a time of celebration and family gatherings; however, this season is also one of the busiest times of year for law enforcement officers. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Operation Crime & Justice Montgomery Co. Police looking to identify man who stole property from multiple cars in Silver Spring Montgomery County police are looking to identify a man who they said stole property from multiple cars in Silver Spring on Sunday, Sept. 24. As police across region struggle to hire officers, questions about public safety impact Staffing shortages and recruitment challenges have been impacting police departments across the Baltimore region for months. It's become a national issue that's lead to major concerns about the implications it could have on public safety. "Unfortunately we find ourselves in a really bad place right now," said Operation Crime & Justice contributor Jason Johnson. CONVICTION RATE QUESTIONS | This is what Baltimore's State's Attorney won't tell you Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby touted her office's success this week regarding the number of convictions secured since the beginning of the year, but there are new questions about how transparent the office is being with that data.  According to statistics released by the SAO, theoffice has secured 373 guilty verdicts in felony cases and 1,933 indictments between January 1, 2021, and August 3, 2021. As more people survive being shot in Baltimore, many of their cases remain unsolved BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- As more people survive being shot in Baltimore, new data shows many of those cases are going unsolved.  So far this year there have been more than 370 non-fatal shootings in the city, that's a more than 12% increase from this same time last year.  "That is just a reflection of the callousness of the people who are out here committing these crimes," former Baltimore Police Deputy Commissioner Jason Johnson said. Surviving the shots | Non-fatal shootings see big uptick in Baltimore BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- More than halfway through 2021, and Baltimore continues to outpace last year when it comes to the growing gun violence in the city. So far, more than 355 people have been shot, injured and survived in what police label "non-fatal" shootings. Statistics show that's a more than 11% increase in non-fatal shootings from this same time last year. Federal crackdown on gun violence could help Baltimore, will take collaboration BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- As gun violence continues to ravage Baltimore City, leaving thousands dead over the past decade, this week the federal government said enough is enough.  "Its an outrage," President Joe Biden said at the White House Wednesday. "It has to end and we'll end it. " Holding gun offenders accountable through Project EXILE BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- Gun violence in Baltimore is an epidemic that's left thousands of people dead over the past decade.  Local and federal prosecutors constantly preach about targeting the most violent trigger pullers in the city and last month's expansion of the Project EXILE initiative shows they're making an effort.  "There are far too many homicides, far too many non-fatal shootings," Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby said during the announcement. Philly District Attorney race proves to be referendum on progressive prosecution policies BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- Progressive crime policies are having mixed results across the country. In cities like Baltimore and Philadelphia, crime has only increased.  But this week, voters in Philadelphia decided they wanted to continue that experiment.  With 65% of the vote Philly's progressive District Attorney Larry Krasner rode his wave of reforms to victory in the democratic primary in that city, beating out a former prosecutor who claimed Kranser's policies were hurting the city. New policies for drug crime prosecutions could lead to addiction surge, experts fear BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- Easy access to drugs on the streets of Baltimore and fewer consequences for certain drug crimes is fueling the drug epidemic, according to a former addict.  It comes after City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby announced her plan to permanently stop prosecuting crimes like drug possession and attempted distribution.  "You don't solve a drug problem with more drugs," said Mike Gimbel, a recovering addict. "It never works. It never will work. " Policies adopted by State's Attorney in Baltimore follow other like-minded prosecutors BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- Baltimore's City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby claims to be a leader in criminal justice reform, but many of her policies and actions follow what other so-called progressive prosecutors have already implemented across the country. In March of 2020, Mosby said she would stop prosecuting what she calls "minor crimes" which includes trespassing, prostitution and certain drug crimes. Rollout of new policies by Marilyn Mosby needed more collaboration, experts say BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- It's been about three weeks since City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby doubled down on her plan to permanently stop prosecuting what she calls "low-level" offenses.  "Clearly, the data suggests that there is no public safety value in prosecuting these low level offenses," Mosby said at the time. "It's like living in hell" | Residents feel helpless as drug crimes run rampant BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- From open air drug deals to people breaking into vacant buildings, neighborhoods across Baltimore are often held hostage as those crimes rage on outside. "It's like we're living in hell in our own community," said one West Baltimore resident who was too afraid to show her face or share her name. She tells FOX45 News that she feels like she can't leave her own home because of the constant drug deals happening on the corner in front of her house. As City State's Attorney stops prosecuting certain drug cases, feds pick up slack BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- Drug dealers controlling corners and entire neighborhoods in Baltimore shows the open-air drug market remains alive and well in the city.  "This area really needs a lot of help," said Paulette Daniels, who commutes through the Penn North community each day.  Daniels says she's seen the impact of the drug trade firsthand over the years as it's held a tight grip on the neighborhood without much change.  "I see it and I know the police officers sees it, too," Daniels said. 'It's just so senseless' | 10 year-old recovering after being caught in crossfire BALTIMORE (WBFF) -- It was just moments after she left a West Baltimore convenience Saturday that 10 year-old Kaelin Washington was struck in the chest by a stray bullet.  "Our life changed in a split second," said her mother, Jasmine Ramsey.  Kaelin was walking back to her godmother's house after picking up some snacks when police say a fight broke out between two groups up the street, leading to a reckless spray of gunfire. The troubling rise in violence against women in Baltimore BALTIMORE (WBFF) &ndash; Random violence, domestic violence, a rise in female suspects. Statistics show Baltimore is losing more women to violence - and it's believed there are a few, different contributing factors. In 2020, there were nearly 50 female homicide victims in Baltimore. Baltimore Police confirmed it&rsquo;s the City&rsquo;s highest female homicide total in at least the past decade, possibly ever. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Project Baltimore Baltimore City Schools to change curriculum amid federal discrimination investigation Baltimore City Public Schools is adjusting parts of its curriculum as the school system awaits the results of a federal civil rights investigation. Harford County School Board moves to tighten hiring rules following FOX45 investigation Harford County’s Board of Education is taking action after Fox45 News exposed that a man facing 15 federal charges was hired to be a teacher.Now, a new policy h Guns, drugs & kids: Concerns mount after new charges for former Harford Co. School worker Additional criminal charges have now been filed against a man who was working inside a Harford County elementary school. See More Right arrow Fox45 Mornings New Year's Eve at the Comedy Factory New Year's Eve at the Comedy Factory Analyzing Mayor Brandon Scott's 2026 Legislative Agenda As the general assembly prepares to recovene in two weeks .... mayor brandon scott is laying out his legislative priorities for the 2026 session.among them ... Community Leader Weighs in on Top State and City Issues in 2025 2025 is coming to a close and as we look ahead to ushering in a new year at the stroke of midnight, we're looking back at the top issues that baltimore and the Legal Expert Discusses Calls to Crack Down on Crime Several Baltimore families are calling on city leaders to combat violent crime. Legal expert, Yuripzy Morgan, weighed in the FOX 45 Morning Show See More Right arrow BMORE Lifestyle Explore Louisiana gives peak behind curtain of Tournament of Roses Parade Rising country artist and American Idol runner-up John Foster, alongside Lieutenant Governor Billy Nungesser provide an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at Loui Rock City Church hosts New Year's special Bishop Bart Pierce and Pastor Jim Kilmartin of Rock City Church joins Alex to preview their New Year's special featuring worship and reflection on 2025. Viral Moments of 2025 with Erik Hamlet of Criminally Obsessed Erik Hamlet from Criminally Obsessed and Lady T discuss the most viral and top trending videos of 2025. See More Right arrow Raw News Body of missing Charles County woman likely found near state forest, 2 charged: CCSO The body of missing Waldorf, Maryland womanLesbia Mileth Ramirez Guerra was discovered in Cedarville Park Student, 17, arrested after loaded ghost gun was found at a Charles County high school A loaded gun was seized from a student at Westlake High School in Charles County on Thursday. Western Maryland towns still recovering 2 months after devastating May floods The May 13 Western Maryland flood was devastating for towns like Westernport, when a stationary storm dumped nearly a foot of rain. SEE IT: Weapons detectors installed at West Potomac HS after student stabbing Just one day after a student was stabbed inside West Potomac High School in Fairfax County,  weapons detectors were installed at the school. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests Maryland Political Ad Disclosures – Ad Networks News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.