Foxtel – Worlds of Entertainment all in one place, easy Toggle navigation Shop Foxtel Now Broadband Discover Support Watch Upgrade Broadband Discover Support Watch Search TV Guide Log In Foxtel Foxtel Now Foxtel Foxtel Now My Account Log out My Account Log out CLOSE Explore bundles Sport + Drama + Entertainment + HBO Max Summer Sale on now $ 65 * per mth on a 12 mth plan Cricket live in 4K Ultra HD 1 + over 50 sports live Foxtel Plus world's best drama, latest entertainment, lifestyle, docos, reality & more HBO Max included 2 the best of HBO, Warner Bros., Discovery & more No set-up costs * Explore other bundles Get Foxtel Sport + Drama + Entertainment + HBO Max Summer Sale on now $ 65 * per mth on a 12 mth plan Cricket live in 4K Ultra HD 1 + over 50 sports live Foxtel Plus world's best drama, latest entertainment, lifestyle, docos, reality & more HBO Max included 2 the best of HBO, Warner Bros., Discovery & more No set-up costs * Explore other bundles Get Foxtel *Min cost $780 on a 12 month direct debit plan, based on Sport bundle with iQ5. New customers only . Residential customers and self-install only. Offer ends 09/02/26. 2 Requires an internet connected iQ4 or iQ5. Included HBO Max plan is Basic With Ads. Must be redeemed on iQ4 or iQ5. Discover more Watch Foxtel on the iQ5 All in one place with Ultra HD, Voice Control, Netflix, Disney+ and Prime Video. Shop TV bundles Watch Foxtel on your device Stream Foxtel with no installation or lock-in contract. Start streaming trial Add Foxtel Broadband Unlimited nbn bundled with Foxtel TV. Shop Broadband bundles Watch Foxtel on the iQ5 All in one place with Ultra HD, Voice Control, Netflix, Disney+ and Prime Video. Shop TV bundles Watch Foxtel on your device Stream Foxtel with no installation or lock-in contract. Start streaming trial Add Foxtel Broadband Unlimited nbn bundled with Foxtel TV. Shop Broadband bundles Watch Foxtel on the iQ5 All in one place with Ultra HD, Voice Control, Netflix, Disney+ and Prime Video. Shop TV bundles Watch Foxtel on your device Stream Foxtel with no installation or lock-in contract. Start streaming trial Add Foxtel Broadband Unlimited nbn bundled with Foxtel TV. Shop Broadband bundles Bundles + View all Bundles Platinum Plus Bundle Sport + Movies Bundle Foxtel Plus Bundle Foxtel Plus & Netflix Bundle Movies & Netflix Bundle Sport & Netflix Bundle Explore Channel Packs TV & Broadband Bundles Services + Ways to Watch Foxtel iQ 4K Ultra HD Foxtel Go Apps Available on Foxtel Foxtel Now Foxtel for Business Foxtel Rewards Discover Support + Get Support Getting Started Using Foxtel My Subscription Billing and Account Troubleshooting Outages About Foxtel Contact Us Financial Hardship Support Issue Resolution Account + Manage Account Pay Bill Upgrade Package MyFoxtel App Extras Trending + All Her Fault DMV The Great British Bake Off The Death of Bunny Munro Devil in Disguise: John Wayne Gacy Below Deck Mediterranean MAIN EVENT Cricket Shows & Movies Acknowledgement of Country Foxtel acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country throughout Australia. We pay our respects to all First Nations people and acknowledge Elders past and present. Read more about Foxtel's commitment to reconciliation Acknowledgement of Country Foxtel acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country throughout Australia. We pay our respects to all First Nations people and acknowledge Elders past and present. Read more about Foxtel's commitment to reconciliation Acknowledgement of Country Foxtel acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country throughout Australia. We pay our respects to all First Nations people and acknowledge Elders past and present. Read more about Foxtel's commitment to reconciliation © 2025 Foxtel Customer Terms Legal Stuff Privacy Careers Contact Us Binge Kayo Sports Flash FOX SPORTS © 2025 Foxtel