France.fr : Explore France and its wonders - Explore France Content Menu Footer Home Explore France Official Tourism Board Website Map Search Choose a language en Français English Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Italiano Nederlands Português Svenska العربية 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Paris 2024 Legacy Sustainable Travel Activities Activities Food and Wine Heritage and Culture Nature and Outdoor Activities Cycling tourism Well-being Sporting Activities Entertainment and Nightlife Shopping and French Savoir Faire Remembrance tourism Spiritual Tourism All activities See the interactive map Destinations Destinations Destinations Alps- Mont-Blanc Alsace and Lorraine Atlantic Coast Atlantic Loire Valley Auvergne Biarritz - Basque Country Bordeaux Brittany Burgundy Champagne Corsica Côte d'Azur - French Riviera Dordogne Valley Jura Mountains Loire Valley Lot, Aveyron, Lozère Normandy Northern France Occitanie Paris Provence Pyrenees Vosges Mountains French Overseas Territories French Guiana Martinique Mayotte New Caledonia Reunion Island Saint Barts Saint Martin Saint Pierre et Miquelon Tahiti-French Polynesia The Islands of Guadeloupe Wallis and Fortuna Top 10 French cities Bordeaux Lille Lyon Marseille Montpellier Nantes Nice Paris Strasbourg Toulouse All our destinations See our map Get Inspired Get Inspired Winter in France Breathtaking hikes in the Jura Mountains Itinerary Village de La Pesse A walk in Provence, through the works of Cézanne Itinerary Provence The Tour de France From 5 July to 3 August 2025 France Grand Palais reopening From 7 June to 1 September 2025 Paris Mountains Coastal Natural Parks Cities Practical Information Practical Information Happening Now Discovering France by bike: instructions for use Before Your Trip Going to France by plane Travel to France from the UK with LeShuttle Tourism Labels Customs and Visas During Your trip Getting around by car: where to find petrol in France or recharge your electric vehicle? Looking to travel around France by train? Traveling by bike Accessibility Sustainable labels Transport Practical Information Guide Home Explore France Official Tourism Board Website Menu Explore the map Choose a language en Français English Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Italiano Nederlands Português Svenska العربية 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Search Search on site Paris 2024 Legacy Sustainable Travel Activities Activities Food and Wine Heritage and Culture Nature and Outdoor Activities Cycling tourism Well-being Sporting Activities Entertainment and Nightlife Shopping and French Savoir Faire Remembrance tourism Spiritual Tourism All activities See the interactive map Destinations Destinations Destinations Alps- Mont-Blanc Alsace and Lorraine Atlantic Coast Atlantic Loire Valley Auvergne Biarritz - Basque Country Bordeaux Brittany Burgundy Champagne Corsica Côte d'Azur - French Riviera Dordogne Valley Jura Mountains Loire Valley Lot, Aveyron, Lozère Normandy Northern France Occitanie Paris Provence Pyrenees Vosges Mountains French Overseas Territories French Guiana Martinique Mayotte New Caledonia Reunion Island Saint Barts Saint Martin Saint Pierre et Miquelon Tahiti-French Polynesia The Islands of Guadeloupe Wallis and Fortuna Top 10 French cities Bordeaux Lille Lyon Marseille Montpellier Nantes Nice Paris Strasbourg Toulouse All our destinations See our map Get Inspired Get Inspired Winter in France Breathtaking hikes in the Jura Mountains Itinerary Village de La Pesse A walk in Provence, through the works of Cézanne Itinerary Provence The Tour de France From 5 July to 3 August 2025 France Grand Palais reopening From 7 June to 1 September 2025 Paris Mountains Coastal Natural Parks Cities Practical Information Practical Information Happening Now Discovering France by bike: instructions for use Before Your Trip Going to France by plane Travel to France from the UK with LeShuttle Tourism Labels Customs and Visas During Your trip Getting around by car: where to find petrol in France or recharge your electric vehicle? Looking to travel around France by train? Traveling by bike Accessibility Sustainable labels Transport Practical Information Guide France.fr : Explore France and its wonders A holiday season in France Discover © Tomas Marek / Adobe Stock - Alexandre III Bridge, Paris Let the festivities begin! Towns and villages are aglow with lights to celebrate the end of the year. At Christmas markets, in the chateaux of the Loire Valley, in the mountains, or in the illuminated streets of Paris, magic is in the air throughout France. Breathe, relax, and unwind in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, escape to the French mountains for a refreshing break. Enjoy outdoor adventures in snowy landscapes, savour generous cuisine, discover authentic crafts, and unwind in soothing spas. Ready to relax? 7 good reasons to travel to France in winter Discover © Ellena Mcguinnes / Unsplash - A quarter-round raclette that makes you want to discover French gastronomy in winter. Winter is slowly setting in, bringing with it a magical atmosphere that warms the heart despite the cold. The hustle and bustle of cities in winter, the tranquility of the seaside, and the majestic nature of the mountains offer visitors wonderful experiences combining culture, tradition, adventure, and French savoir-faire. Recharge your batteries in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, head to the French mountains for an invigorating break. Between outdoor activities in the heart of snow-covered landscapes, generous cuisine, authentic craftsmanship and mountain spas, every moment is an invitation to relax. Ready to unwind? Entry-exit system: a new operating procedure for the Schengen area. Discover © Brian Jackson / Adobe Stock Update on the phased rollout of the Entry/Exit System (EES) starting 12 October 2025. The system applies to third-country nationals entering or leaving France and the wider Schengen Area, regardless of whether they hold a visa. Reopening of Notre-Dame de Paris: prepare your visit Visit © ©Yannick Boschat Five years after the fire at Notre-Dame de Paris, the most iconic of Parisian monuments is reopening its doors to visitors. Here, you can take a look behind the scenes of this global event and rediscover the history of this jewel of France's heritage, which has inspired so many artists. Travelling in France with a disability Discover © Wheeled World - The water mirror in Bordeaux. From Toulouse to Bordeaux, via the Alps or cycling along the canals, more and more destinations are adapting to disabled travellers. Make your travel easier with our selection of articles and the Tourisme & Handicap label, which lists inclusive accommodation and activities. A holiday season in France Discover © Tomas Marek / Adobe Stock - Alexandre III Bridge, Paris Let the festivities begin! Towns and villages are aglow with lights to celebrate the end of the year. At Christmas markets, in the chateaux of the Loire Valley, in the mountains, or in the illuminated streets of Paris, magic is in the air throughout France. Breathe, relax, and unwind in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, escape to the French mountains for a refreshing break. Enjoy outdoor adventures in snowy landscapes, savour generous cuisine, discover authentic crafts, and unwind in soothing spas. Ready to relax? 7 good reasons to travel to France in winter Discover © Ellena Mcguinnes / Unsplash - A quarter-round raclette that makes you want to discover French gastronomy in winter. Winter is slowly setting in, bringing with it a magical atmosphere that warms the heart despite the cold. The hustle and bustle of cities in winter, the tranquility of the seaside, and the majestic nature of the mountains offer visitors wonderful experiences combining culture, tradition, adventure, and French savoir-faire. Recharge your batteries in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, head to the French mountains for an invigorating break. Between outdoor activities in the heart of snow-covered landscapes, generous cuisine, authentic craftsmanship and mountain spas, every moment is an invitation to relax. Ready to unwind? Entry-exit system: a new operating procedure for the Schengen area. Discover © Brian Jackson / Adobe Stock Update on the phased rollout of the Entry/Exit System (EES) starting 12 October 2025. The system applies to third-country nationals entering or leaving France and the wider Schengen Area, regardless of whether they hold a visa. Reopening of Notre-Dame de Paris: prepare your visit Visit © ©Yannick Boschat Five years after the fire at Notre-Dame de Paris, the most iconic of Parisian monuments is reopening its doors to visitors. Here, you can take a look behind the scenes of this global event and rediscover the history of this jewel of France's heritage, which has inspired so many artists. Travelling in France with a disability Discover © Wheeled World - The water mirror in Bordeaux. From Toulouse to Bordeaux, via the Alps or cycling along the canals, more and more destinations are adapting to disabled travellers. Make your travel easier with our selection of articles and the Tourisme & Handicap label, which lists inclusive accommodation and activities. A holiday season in France Discover © Tomas Marek / Adobe Stock - Alexandre III Bridge, Paris Let the festivities begin! Towns and villages are aglow with lights to celebrate the end of the year. At Christmas markets, in the chateaux of the Loire Valley, in the mountains, or in the illuminated streets of Paris, magic is in the air throughout France. Breathe, relax, and unwind in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, escape to the French mountains for a refreshing break. Enjoy outdoor adventures in snowy landscapes, savour generous cuisine, discover authentic crafts, and unwind in soothing spas. Ready to relax? 7 good reasons to travel to France in winter Discover © Ellena Mcguinnes / Unsplash - A quarter-round raclette that makes you want to discover French gastronomy in winter. Winter is slowly setting in, bringing with it a magical atmosphere that warms the heart despite the cold. The hustle and bustle of cities in winter, the tranquility of the seaside, and the majestic nature of the mountains offer visitors wonderful experiences combining culture, tradition, adventure, and French savoir-faire. Recharge your batteries in the mountains Discover © AdobeStock / Tibi.lost.in.nature - The Alps are a huge playground for lovers of the great outdoors. This winter, head to the French mountains for an invigorating break. Between outdoor activities in the heart of snow-covered landscapes, generous cuisine, authentic craftsmanship and mountain spas, every moment is an invitation to relax. Ready to unwind? Entry-exit system: a new operating procedure for the Schengen area. Discover © Brian Jackson / Adobe Stock Update on the phased rollout of the Entry/Exit System (EES) starting 12 October 2025. The system applies to third-country nationals entering or leaving France and the wider Schengen Area, regardless of whether they hold a visa. Reopening of Notre-Dame de Paris: prepare your visit Visit © ©Yannick Boschat Five years after the fire at Notre-Dame de Paris, the most iconic of Parisian monuments is reopening its doors to visitors. Here, you can take a look behind the scenes of this global event and rediscover the history of this jewel of France's heritage, which has inspired so many artists. Travelling in France with a disability Discover © Wheeled World - The water mirror in Bordeaux. From Toulouse to Bordeaux, via the Alps or cycling along the canals, more and more destinations are adapting to disabled travellers. Make your travel easier with our selection of articles and the Tourisme & Handicap label, which lists inclusive accommodation and activities. Get inspired Use filter Nature and Outdoor Activities Food and Wine Cultural Heritage 7 Breton forests in autumnal mood Brittany Off-season boarding to the islands of the French Riviera Côte d'Azur - French Riviera The 5 colours of autumn in Burgundy Burgundy Ecolabel Stroll along the coastal paths: our favourite routes in France In the gardens of the Loire Valley chateaux Loire Valley 13 Routes to Hike on the Beautiful GR Trails of France 7 Breton forests in autumnal mood Brittany Off-season boarding to the islands of the French Riviera Côte d'Azur - French Riviera The 5 colours of autumn in Burgundy Burgundy Ecolabel Stroll along the coastal paths: our favourite routes in France In the gardens of the Loire Valley chateaux Loire Valley 13 Routes to Hike on the Beautiful GR Trails of France 7 Breton forests in autumnal mood Brittany Off-season boarding to the islands of the French Riviera Côte d'Azur - French Riviera The 5 colours of autumn in Burgundy Burgundy Ecolabel Stroll along the coastal paths: our favourite routes in France In the gardens of the Loire Valley chateaux Loire Valley 13 Routes to Hike on the Beautiful GR Trails of France 7 Breton forests in autumnal mood Brittany Off-season boarding to the islands of the French Riviera Côte d'Azur - French Riviera The 5 colours of autumn in Burgundy Burgundy Ecolabel Stroll along the coastal paths: our favourite routes in France In the gardens of the Loire Valley chateaux Loire Valley 13 Routes to Hike on the Beautiful GR Trails of France 7 Breton forests in autumnal mood Brittany Off-season boarding to the islands of the French Riviera Côte d'Azur - French Riviera The 5 colours of autumn in Burgundy Burgundy Ecolabel Stroll along the coastal paths: our favourite routes in France In the gardens of the Loire Valley chateaux Loire Valley 13 Routes to Hike on the Beautiful GR Trails of France Discover France See the interactive map Normandy Jura Mountains Brittany Bordeaux Paris Loire Valley Auvergne Burgundy Northern France Alsace Occitanie Alps - Mont Blanc Biarritz - Basque Country Provence Corsica Champagne Côte d'Azur Pyrenees Atlantic Loire Valley Tahiti - French Polynesia French Guiana - Amazonia Mayotte Reunion Island Wallis & Futuna Islands Martinique Saint-Martin Saint-Barthelemy Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon Guadeloupe New Caledonia Looking for new ideas? Would you like to visit France but are short of ideas? Alone, with friends, family or as a couple, let yourself be inspired by MarIAnne, our virtual travel advisor, powered by AI*.  * Artificial Intelligence Get inspired Discover France through our itineraries See all our itineraries Walk in Paris on the traces of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Itinerary 01 on 05 distance 6.2 miles duration 4 days difficulty Easy stages 4 steps View the itinerary From Dieppe to Le Havre: In the footsteps of the Impressionists in Normandy Itinerary 02 on 05 distance 109 km duration 3 days stages 3 steps View the itinerary A romantic cycling adventure for foodies along the Canal du Midi Itinerary 03 on 05 distance 302 km duration 1 week stages 7 steps View the itinerary Guadeloupe from island to island Itinerary 04 on 05 duration 15 Days stages 15 step View the itinerary The most beautiful hikes around Mont Blanc Itinerary 05 on 05 duration 6 days stages 6 steps View the itinerary Planning a trip to France? Visit Customs and Visas Customs, Visas and Border Patrol Getting Around France sustainably Transportation Getting around by car: where to find petrol in France or recharge your electric vehicle? Certifications and Labels Traveling around France with a disability Accessible travel Discover France in a new light Activities that connect you to Nature Sustainable destinations for your next getaway Sustainable Labels Calculate the carbon footprint of your trip in France © Wheeled World - As you leave Bordeaux, the Canal des Deux Mers greenway passes through fields of sunflowers. Activities trending now See more events Bordeaux Wine Festival From 7 to 11 July 2027 Bordeaux Follow us on Instagram Getaways, itineraries, events, tips... Even more ideas to Explore France. #ExploreFrance Explore France Paris 2024 Sustainable travel Activities Destinations Practical Information Learn more Atout France France Convention Bureau Useful links Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs Air France SNCF Connect with us on all our platforms Explore France Explore France – Your regular newsletter about France: Subscribe now! France.fr© 2024 - All rights reserved Cookies policy Legal informations Sitemap All articles