Hassle-free hosting for Frappe Apps Benefits Features Pricing Switch to Cloud Marketplace hosting Shared Dedicated Hybrid resources Docs Testimonials Blog Partners Community Frappe Cloud Features Cloud Documentation Blogs Start free trial Frappe Products Insights Frappe Cloud Hassle-free hosting for Frappe Apps Get started What is Frappe Cloud? Application + Infrastructure What is Frappe Cloud? Application + Infrastructure Hosting web applications with high reliability on your own can be time consuming, hard and exhausting. That's why we built Frappe Cloud, a simple, user-friendly and sophisticated open source platform to host Frappe applications with peace of mind. It takes care of installation, setup, upgrades, monitoring, maintenance and support for your Frappe deployments. It is a fully featured developer platform with an ability to manage and control multiple Frappe deployments. There's more! You don’t pay per user , you only pay for the resources you consume. Frappe Applications Select from 100+ Apps out of the box Frappe Applications Over 100+ open source applications Frappe Cloud comes with a comprehensive marketplace of open source applications to help you manage your business operations, maintain financial accounts, build a website, communicate within your team and more. ERPNext Open source ERP Frappe HR HR and payroll Gameplan Team forum Raven Chat for teams Builder Website editor Learning LMS Explore Marketplace what can you do? Full service, easy to use cloud what can you do? Full service, easy-to-use cloud With Frappe Cloud you can create an instance of any Frappe application almost instantly. The platform manages everything behind the scenes. 1. Choose your apps Install ERPNext, CRM, Builder, and more. 2. Select a plan Pick a pricing that best suits your computing needs. 3. Pick a subdomain Create a *. frappe.cloud URL to access your site. Manage multiple tenants Frappe Cloud dashboard helps you manage multiple tenants with a simple and user-friendly dashboard. You can easily manage multiple sites, benches and servers across multiple regions. You can onboard as many domains as you need and trust them to be secure with free provisioned SSL certificates. Explore all features multi-region hosting Host anywhere across 10 regions multi-region hosting Host anywhere across the globe Frappe Cloud is built on top of AWS and OCI infrastructure, expanding its availability to the data center nearest to your location. Mumbai, India Singapore, Asia North Virginia, USA Jeddah, Saudi Arabia Sydney, Australia London, UK Cape Town, S. Africa Johannesburg, S. Africa Bahrain, Middle East Zurich, Switzerland Frankfurt, Germany Jakarta, Indonesia UAE, Middle East Mumbai, India Singapore, Asia North Virginia, USA London, UK Cape Town, S. Africa Bahrain, Middle East Zurich, Switzerland Frankfurt, Germany Jeddah, Saudi Arabia Dubai, UAE First Party Warranty Frappe Support First Party Warranty Frappe Support Frappe offers first-party support for Frappe applications like ERPNext, FrappeHR, Frappe Framework, and more. We ensure preliminary questions can be answered with our comprehensive documentation and learning videos, and provide higher levels of support through standard and premium support plans. Know more about Frappe Support pick your choice Compute based pricing pick your choice Compute based pricing Are you paying per user pricing for your business software? We believe cost of software ownership should not grow with your team size. With Frappe Cloud's compute-based pricing, you can unlock the power of open source and align costs with actual usage, helping you save costs and increase scalability. Frappe Cloud offers multiple hosting options: Shared Shared hosting is a cost-effective solution where multiple sites share the same server resources with a dedicated database, making it ideal for small to medium-sized projects that require basic performance and scalability. You can also opt for private benches to host multiple sites in an isolated environment. Dedicated Dedicated hosting offers exclusive server resources for a single client, ensuring maximum performance, security, and customisation options, suitable for high-traffic websites and resource-intensive applications. You can create multiple benches and sites under dedicated servers. user reviews Take it from our users user reviews Take it from our users Dany Robert CTO, Wahni IT Solutions "Frappe Cloud makes life easier, for devs, partners, and clients. Takes away all the worries about infrastructure. Great support with SLA applied correctly on all tickets. Updates are a breeze with FC." Mitesh Choksi Director, Aakvatech "There is no doubt that the Frappe Cloud team has done a wonderful job of bringing ERPNext to the users with the least friction. We are open to say that we couldn't have grown without FC being made available. It's so good that a story should be written about the origins of FC." View all testimonials sign up Get your account set up in no time sign up Get your account set up in no time Create an account in seconds and experience it for yourself. $10 Free Credits for creating sites when you sign up. 1. Pick a subdomain Create a *. frappe.cloud URL to access your site. 2. Choose your apps Install ERPNext, Wiki, Twilio, and more. 3. Select a plan We’ll set up your brand new site with SSL in minutes. sign up Get your account set up in no time sign up Get your account set up in no time Create an account in seconds and experience it for yourself. $10 Free Credits for creating sites when you sign up. Sign up and get $10 free credits Continue with signup Contact us Sign up for Cloud Get $10 in free credits* Continue with signup Sign up for a 14-day free trial Get started Sign up for Cloud Get $10 in free credits* Start a free trial Terms Pricing Sitemap Docs Support Open Source Social Serving 1000 active Frappe sites