Freckle by Renaissance | Reach Every Student at Their Level Freckle by Renaissance | Reach Every Student at Their Level This site makes extensive use of Javascript. For an optimal experience, please enable Javascript in your browser. Get Premium Get Freckle Premium Log In Log In Teacher Student Administrator Parent Accelerate learning for every student with differentiated practice aligned to ELA and math standards Inspire & motivate students to reach their full potential Sign up for free Are you an admin looking to bring Freckle into your school or district? Request a demo Watch Freckle in action See why so many educators recommend Freckle to others! Meet Freckle [1:44] Why Freckle works We believe that teachers know best. That’s why Freckle is designed to be both student-paced and teacher-led. Meets the needs of every student Continuously adapts for student practice in math or ELA activities, allowing teachers to spend less time manually differentiating lessons and more time helping students develop and progress. Keeps students engaged while learning Incentives and age-appropriate designs provide a balance of fun and learning. Rewards for achievement recognize student growth in ways they think are fun. Students will ask to practice in Freckle! Accelerates student growth Increase student growth and proficiency through standards-based skill development in math and ELA, personalized goal setting, and mastery. Easily identify skill gaps to determine where to focus teaching and learning. Math Self-paced exercises that meet students exactly where they are. K–12 coverage of standards and skills Continuously adapts to each student’s level Teachers can assign a specific standard for some or all students to practice Over 70,000 unique math questions English Language Arts Accelerate literacy equitably with differentiated resources. K–8 coverage of standards and skills Over 1,000 nonfiction and fiction passages across grades K–12 that adapt to each student’s level Teachers can assign a specific standard for some or all students to practice What teachers say See why educators love Freckle. I appreciate that Freckle Math adapts for each student. It is simple to use for both the teacher and student. I like to use both the targeted practice in order to review concepts they have learned in class, while also assigning adaptive practice for each student to improve their skills individually. Abby Osiniak Teacher Northwood Temple Academy North Carolina Freckle Math simply makes my children smile. They feel confident with their skills and are excited to gain a better understanding of math every day. Lloyd Goldberg Teacher Newton Elementary School Clark County School District, Nevada I love that the Adaptive Math Pathway and Fact Practice sections are personalized to each student’s needs! This really helps with student engagement and academic growth! Amanda Erceg Teacher Alexander II Magnet School Georgia Get started Give every student practice they’ll ask for. For classrooms & families Intuitive DIY setup for your class Unlimited student self-paced practice and a limited number of teacher assignments Know which students are growing and which need more support Sign up for free For schools & districts Roster once and power Freckle with Star Assessments, or use Clever or other rostering tools Unlimited self-paced practice AND teacher assignments and lesson planning Administrator dashboards provide data and insights to accelerate learning and support district-level initiatives and goals Learn about Premium The Freckle mission Ensure every student gets a world-class education. Empower teachers to reach every student at their own level. Have questions? [email protected] Contact support (800) 338-4204 About us About Renaissance Our Blog Careers Support Login Help Product Updates Product Help Articles Community & more Research Renaissance Royals International US UK Social media Renaissance on Instagram © 2025 Renaissance Learning, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy hub | Copyright policy | Terms of use Select your school × Searching for schools in ZIP code --- Loading schools… Don't see your school? Enter school info