Home | Freerice Blog Join Us Resources About Contact WFP.org Play the game Become a Hunger Hero Alone we may be small but together we are unstoppable. Join the movement Learn, Play & Give Back with Freerice Every correct answer = 10 grains of rice for the UN World Food Programme Play The Game What is Zero Hunger? Ending world hunger is one of the greatest challenges of our times. Learn More Become a Hunger Hero Alone we may be small but together we are unstoppable. Join the movement Learn, Play & Give Back with Freerice Every correct answer = 10 grains of rice for the UN World Food Programme Play The Game What is Zero Hunger? Ending world hunger is one of the greatest challenges of our times. Learn More Become a Hunger Hero Alone we may be small but together we are unstoppable. Join the movement Meet Freerice Freerice is an educational trivia game that helps you get smarter while making a difference for people around the world. Every question you answer correctly raises 10 grains of rice for the World Food Programme (WFP) to support its work saving and changing lives around the world. Health & Nutrition Climate Action Gender Equality In a world of plenty, hunger should be a thing of the past Across the globe, up to 757 million people do not have enough food to eat. From reducing our food waste to ensuring access to nutritious food for everyone, we have a lot of work to do. At WFP, we believe that food is a human right and that everyone deserves to live in a #ZeroHunger world. Let's work together to fill everyone's plate. Join Us Now Our Impact Playing Freerice sends an important message: community matters, and only by coming together can we help solve global problems like food insecurity and poverty. By using your knowledge to do good, you’re advocating for positive change and supporting our mission to achieve a world of Zero Hunger. Whether you are playing Freerice at school or learning about the UN Sustainable Development Goals, you are paving the path for brighter futures ahead through nutritious. Learn about our work Food Stories Meet Tailored Food, a non-profit working to achieve ZeroHunger by 2030 This social enterprise is trailblazing a more equitable, nutritious and affordable food system. Climate Action This Indigenous Teenager Dreams Of A Better World In Bolivia Health & Nutrition Hidden Hunger Unveiled: Empowering Communities Through Food Fortification Food Stories Here's Why Sustainable Rice Cultivation Is Better For The Environment Education Food Waste: 13 Facts You Need to Know Read More "Nothing is impossible with a good heart and a good education — including a hunger-free world." David Madden , Founder & Executive Director of International Academic Competitions "We can’t end hunger and malnutrition without context-specific food policy, education and a sprinkle of creativity." Pamela Fonte , Nutritionist Trainee "Over the last 8 years, I have seen firsthand that it is not only possible, but profitable, to sell delicious, nutritious, low-cost food that families experiencing extreme poverty can afford." Taylor Quinn , Executive Director at Tailored Food "My heroes are those living with the food insecurity that has been so unjustly thrust upon them. Hunger is an injustice that Freerice is working hard to end everyday." Nicola Parfitt , Student & Advocate "We need everyone helping out during this global hunger crisis, and schools have a lot of potential." William Lambers , Author & Historian "Freerice has taught me that even a small contribution, like playing a game, can help reduce food insecurity around the world.” Vinita Jadav , Recruitment Coordinator, British Red Cross Thank You To Our Supporters Become A Partner Join the conversation 2022 © World Food Programme Privacy Policy Partners Share The Meal FAQ WFP.org Donate