FreeCAD: Your own 3D parametric modeler English беларуская català français Nederlands polski русский svenska Türkçe italiano suomi ქართული Deutsch slovenščina hrvatski 中文 Ελληνικά español فارسی magyar 日本語 українська 中文 čeština português español euskara српски Features Download Blog Documentation Documentation index Getting started Users documentation The FreeCAD manual Workbenches documentation Python coding documentation C++ coding documentation Tutorials Frequently asked questions Privacy policy About FreeCAD Contribute How to help Sponsor Report a bug Make a pull request Jobs and funding Contribution guidelines Developers handbook Translations Community Code of conduct Professional Network Forum The FPA GitHub Mastodon Matrix IRC via Webchat Discord Reddit Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Calendar Addons ♥ Donate Donate One-Time Monthly $5 $10 $25 $100 $200 Other $ Please choose... SEPA bank transfer Credit card (Stripe) Paypal GitHub OpenCollective Donate SEPA Information Please set up your SEPA bank transfer to: Beneficiary: The FreeCAD project association IBAN: BE04 0019 2896 4531 BIC/SWIFT: GEBABEBBXXX Bank agency: BNP Paribas Fortis Address: Rue de la Station 64, 1360 Perwez, Belgium While Stripe doesn't support monthly donations, you can still become a sponsor! Simply make a one-time donation equivalent to 12 months of support, and you'll gain access to the corresponding sponsoring tier. It's an easy and flexible way to contribute. Paypal charges up to 35% fee for transactions under $5. For small donations we recommend using other methods. If you are not sure or not able to commit to a regular donation, but still want to help the project, you can do a one-time donation, of any amount. Choose freely the amount you wish to donate one time only. You can support FreeCAD by sponsoring it as an individual or organization through various platforms. Sponsorship provides a steady income for developers, allowing the FPA to plan ahead and enabling greater investment in FreeCAD. To encourage sponsorship, we offer different tiers, and unless you choose to remain anonymous, your name or company logo will be featured on our website accordingly. ♥ Normal sponsor from 1 USD / 1 EUR per month. You will not have your name displayed here, but you will have helped the project a lot anyway. Together, normal sponsors maintain the project on its feet as much as the bigger sponsors. 🥉 Bronze sponsor from 25 USD / 25 EUR per month. Your name or company name is displayed on this page. 🥈 Silver sponsor from 100 USD / 100 EUR per month. Your name or company name is displayed on this page, with a link to your website, and a one-line description text. 🥇 Gold sponsor from 200 USD / 200 EUR per month. Your name or company name and logo displayed on this page, with a link to your website and a custom description text. Companies that have helped FreeCAD early on also appear under Gold sponsors. The FPA's donation rules apply to all donations. Instead of donating each month, you might find it more comfortable to make a one-time donation that, when divided by twelve, would give you right to enter a sponsoring tier. Don't hesitate to do so! Choose freely the amount you wish to donate each month. Please inform your forum name or twitter handle as a note in your transfer, or reach to us , so we can give you proper credits! Your own 3D parametric modeler Download now See what's new Freedom to build what you want FreeCAD is an open-source parametric 3D modeler made primarily to
          design real-life objects of any size. Parametric modeling allows you
          to easily modify your design by going back into your model history
          and changing its parameters. Create 3D from 2D & back FreeCAD allows you to sketch geometry constrained 2D shapes and use
          them as a base to build other objects. It contains many components
          to adjust dimensions or extract design details from 3D models to
          create high quality production ready drawings. For professional design needs... FreeCAD is a powerful and evolving open-source parametric 3D modeler, well-suited for many professional and technical tasks. With the release of version 1.0, it marks a new milestone in stability and usability. FreeCAD puts you in control - no licensing fees, no vendor lock-in. It's not just cost-effective - it’s yours to adapt and build upon. ...And for everything else Whether you're prototyping, 3D printing, designing furniture, or learning CAD, FreeCAD offers the tools to support your creativity. With a strong community, extensive documentation, and a growing ecosystem of add-ons, it’s a great place to start - and to grow. No sign-up, no paywall, no restrictions. Just open-source freedom at your fingertips. Accessible, flexible & integrated FreeCAD is a multiplatform (Windows, Mac and Linux), highly
          customizable and extensible software. It reads and writes to many
          open file formats such as STEP, IGES, STL, SVG, DXF, OBJ, IFC, DAE
          and many others, making it possible to seamlessly integrate it into
          your workflow. Designed for your needs FreeCAD is designed to fit a wide range of uses including product
          design, mechanical engineering and architecture. Whether you are a
          hobbyist, a programmer, an experienced CAD user, a student or a
          teacher, you will feel right at home with FreeCAD. And many more great features FreeCAD equips you with all the right tools for your needs. You get
          modern Finite Element Analysis (FEA) tools, experimental CFD, dedicated BIM,
          Geodata or CAM/CNC workbenches, a robot simulation module that
          allows you to study robot movements and many more features. FreeCAD
          really is a Swiss Army knife of general-purpose engineering
          toolkits. Learn more Want to contribute to FreeCAD? FreeCAD is a truly open source project and if you would like to help
          fix bugs, implement new cool features or work on the documentation,
          we invite you to join us and create a software that benefits the
          whole community. Get involved Get in touch! © The FreeCAD Team. This project is supported by: , KiCad Services Corp. and other sponsors Improve this
      page on GitHub