Freemius - Simplify Software Sales, Amplify Innovation Seller login Start selling Buyer login Product Close Product Open Product Features Support at Freemius Get expert help from real makers—tech, product, and strategy Subscriptions Grow predictable revenue with recurring billing Checkout Embed a secure checkout on any page in minutes Software licensing Control access by plan, features, and activations Customer Portal A self-serve hub to manage licenses, downloads, billing & more Cart abandonment recovery Win back lost sales with smart reminder emails Affiliate platform Manage affiliates, track clicks, visits & referrals Freemius community 1,900+ makers building and scaling with Freemius Solutions Selling SaaS All-in-one payments, subscriptions & tax handling for your SaaS Selling WP plugins & themes Handle sales, licensing, and software updates—without extra plugins Talk to founder Developers Close Developers Open Developers Guides Selling SaaS Step-by-step guide to integrate Freemius in your SaaS Selling Apps Guide to adding Freemius into desktop & mobile apps Selling WP plugins & themes Fast SDK setup to start selling, licensing & pushing updates Selling licenses keys Sell standalone license keys for any software Selling extensions Sell add-ons and feature unlocks for your plugins & themes Essentials Checkout JS API Customize and control your checkout experience Webhooks Receive real-time events on subscriptions, customers, and licenses API docs Full API reference to integrate your backend Support Documentation Full platform docs—from setup to advanced features Change log See the latest product updates and improvements FAQ Get answers to common product and usage questions System status Check real-time platform availability and uptime Resources Close Resources Open Resources Selling Globaly US Sales Tax Learn how nexus works, what’s at risk & how it’s handled for you UK & EU VAT Collection Explore VAT rules, exemptions & how compliance is streamlined Merchant of Record Global tax, fraud, disputes & compliance—handled for you Education Blog Growth strategies and insights for software founders Podcast Lessons from makers who’ve done it before Videos Quick wins and deep dives to help you monetize better Selling WordPress plugins Turn your plugin into a six-figure business Customers Pricing Log In Close Log In Open Log In Seller login Manage your products, plans & pricing, customers, affiliates, reviews, etc. Buyer login Manage your profile, websites, downloads, licenses, invoices, subscriptions, etc. Start Selling Simplify software sales, amplify innovation Payments, tax, subscription management, and more, all handled by us so you can focus on your area of genius — building amazing software products. Get started Schedule a demo Trusted by 1000+ businesses. Of all sizes. Globally. Focus on building a better product , free from the hassles of running a software business Freemius is more than a merchant of record . It’s an all-in-one platform that lets you focus on your passion for building amazing software products by taking care of the rest. From payments and subscriptions to global tax compliance and fraud prevention, we’ve got you covered. We offer everything you need to sell globally right away. Enjoy features like multi-currency support, failed payment recovery, and more. Start selling 1 Launch your software Enjoy seamless payment integration, customizable licensing options, and fast setup for subscriptions and recurring payments. You can set your own prices, sell from any site, and easily migrate from other platforms for a smooth, successful (and quick) launch. 2 Grow your market Use automated marketing campaigns, an affiliate platform, and targeted upsell opportunities like bundles and add-ons to expand your market share. Access to customer data and ground-breaking analytics provide a precise overview of the success of your business, helping you prioritize your resources and capitalize on opportunities. 3 Scale your business Benefit from advanced subscription management, customer relationship tools, global compliance, secure daily backups, and revenue recovery. Our platform supports multi-currency transactions, handles EU VAT and sales tax automatically, and offers comprehensive fraud prevention, allowing you to maximize your growth potential with confidence. We believe you’ll love Freemius, but don’t take our word for it. “If they see an opportunity to help us increase sales, they'll reach out to us. And whenever we need them, Freemius is there to help us grow." Watch the video “The freedom Freemius has allowed us resulted in more time. We're no longer stressing about licenses or payments, which allowed us to grow." Watch the video “Freemius has taken care of everything. Licensing, payment processing, refunds management, prorating, taxes, analytics — it's all taken care of." Watch the video “With Freemius it's much easier. I have access to the data that potential buyers are going to look for." Watch the video “Freemius takes care of everything from the moment of purchase. Everything is handled through this one platform, allowing you to focus on your business." Watch the video What truly sets Freemius apart from other merchants of record?​ What truly sets Freemius apart from other merchants of record? Transparent pricing User-friendly compliance Tailored approach Top-notch support Painless migration Conversion rate optimization Marketing automation Enhanced security Seamless transitions Transparent pricing A straightforward revenue share model with no hidden fees or surprises. No BS! User-friendly compliance Enjoy user-friendly compliance that protects your earnings. Avoid blocked revenues and account suspensions with our balanced approach. We know your revenue is sacred and we’re here to move any blockers and get you your money. Tailored approach Get on a call with us whenever you need. Whether you have questions about business models or pricing, we’re here for you. Plus, our team proactively reaches out when we see opportunities to tweak your pricing to close more business. Top-notch support Receive a response from our team of knowledgeable developers within an average of 24 hours. Read our G2 reviews to see why our support consistently earns praise. Painless migration Tailor-made migration support customized for your platform and business needs. We ensure no loss of active subscriptions or any data. Conversion rate optimization Improve conversion rates by optimizing and localizing your checkout, allowing users to pay using multiple different methods. Use Freemius’ analytics to tweak your pricing and remove friction from your sales funnel to convert at a higher rate. Marketing automation Simplify marketing automations with personalized email campaigns, audience segmentation, and automated lifecycle emails. Freemius integrates with email marketing platforms and CRMs, and offers promotional tools and behavioral triggers, making it easy to engage and retain customers effectively. Enhanced security Get two-factor authentication (2FA) to safeguard your account against unauthorized access and financial theft. Seamless transitions Effortlessly transfer accounts or products to a new owner while preserving business valuation and saleability. If you've made it this far, you’re ready to double down on growing your software product business Get started Schedule a demo Subscribe to our newsletter email Subscribe © Freemius. All rights reserved Github Youtube X-twitter Linkedin Facebook Instagram Features Subscriptions Checkout Customer portal Software licensing Cart abandonment recovery Affiliate platform Compliance GDPR readiness Sales Tax EU VAT collection SCA & 3DS 2.0 Compare with Payment Processors Paddle Lemon Squeezy Easy Digital Downloads WooCommerce Company About us Pricing Customers Careers Brand assets Contact Learn Selling WordPress plugins Blog Plugin.fm podcast YouTube Helpful Links FAQ Documentation WordPress SDK PHP SDK System Status Change log Legal Terms of service Vendor terms Privacy policy Cookie policy We use tools, such as cookies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how
 visitors interact with our site, products and services. By clicking CONTINUE, you agree to our use of these tools for advertising, analytics and
 support. Continue Learn More 2025 was the year Freemius changed Check it out