To ensure you get the best browsing experience, this website is using cookies. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. More Info.

Accept
Freehostia
 Menu
FREE Cloud Hosting
Cloud Hosting
Watercircle Plan
Lovebeat Plan
Wildhoney Plan
Supernatural Plan
Domains
VPS Hosting 
KVM VPS 
OpenVZ VPS
Semi-dedicated 
Boabab Plan 
Sequoia Plan 
Dedicated Servers 
Switch to FreeHostia
Free Extras
1-Click Applications Installer
Free Domain Name
Website Builder
Support
Context Help
F.A.Q.
Ticketing System
Contacts
Report abuses
Forum
Login
$ USD
£ GBP
€ EUR
A$ AUD
C$ CAD
SIGN UP NOW FOR FREE
WINTER SALE:
KVM VPS @ up to 40% OFF for 6 mos.
Semi-Dedicated @ up to 73% OFF for 3 mos.
Dedicated @ up to 27% OFF for 1 mo.
 
Free Web Hosting
The ads-free hosting paradise on Earth
Free Hosting Solution
Domain Names

Get a taste of our service with the Chocolate free web hosting plan. It will allow you to easily create a professional looking site for FREE. Try our 1-Click Applications Installer and install Joomla, WordPress or many other free web applications with just a click.

 5 Hosted Domain(s)
 250MB Disk Space
 6GB Monthly Traffic
 3 E-mail Accounts
 1 MySQL v.5 Databases
 10MB MySQL Storage
SIGN UP NOW FOR FREE
Learn more
Semi-Dedicated servers 73% OFF
starting from $40.99 for the first 3 month(s)
SEE DEALS 
About our platform

Freehostia's load-balanced cluster platform has proven to be faster than the widespread one-server hosting platform solution. All of our web hosting plans are optimized to work with the most popular PHP web applications: Joomla, WordPress, PrestaShop, as well as with more than 50 other free applications offered by our in-house built 1-Click Web Applications Installer.

At Freehostia, we offer a variety of web hosting services, from free hosting accounts all the way to VPS and dedicated servers. Download the PDF to see our full web hosting portfolio:

 Hosting Portfolio (PDF)
Are you looking for a more powerful solution for your business?
Check out our VPS, Semi-dedicated and Dedicated offers!
Virtual Private Servers
from $6.50*/mo
$10.00/mo
Learn More
Compare plans
Semi-dedicated Servers
from $8.33*/mo
$29.95/mo
Learn More
Compare plans
Dedicated Servers
from $75.00/mo
Learn More
Compare plans
Our data center...

... is located in Colohouse, Chicago, USA. It provides the physical environment necessary to keep the servers up and running round the clock. So no matter which part of the world you are located, your sites will be running flawlessly on our platform.

Testimonials 

 Freehostia offers a range of options and plans to meet the needs of ecommerce entrepreneurs and veteran developers alike. The company has flexible options aimed at first-time users who are unfamiliar with web hosting and site-building. 

Adam West, BadCredit.org 

 Freehostia offers free hosting plans that remove barriers to entry into online markets as well as low–cost upgrade options that allow businesses to scale. The company's load balancing cluster technology, fast and reliable servers, and a user-friendly control panel all contribute to positive customer experiences. 

C. Preusler, HostingAdvice 

 I have some free and some paid for Freehostia accounts and it never fails to amaze me how they can provide such good service and support for so little money. I would not hesitate in recommending Freehostia to anyone, don't be put off by the low price because the service and support is Top Dollar! 

P. Morris

 I just wanted to thank your support team for their excellent service this afternoon in helping me to recover from a problem by restoring an old copy of my site. The service was prompt, courteous and effective and has saved me from a lot of trouble, if the data had been lost. Great job! 

D. Worton

 You should teach some lessons on customer relations to other companies because your support is just great, Freehostia. Keep up the good work! 

L. Blagus

 This hosting and control panel is better than most paid hosting. Very impressive and much appreciated. Thank you! 

C. Whitehead

 Always so quick to respond and so helpful, great customer service and great platform... Thanks for your support. 

J. Gonzalez

 lol so much better than go daddy and staff is competent. 

M. Mayfield

 Have rarely had any delays in responses. They show a professional interest in getting problems resolved quickly, and get it done. I'm always impressed! 

P. Dornan

 Since the first time I used Freehostia, I have never been disappointed with the service. I started with a free plan and then I updated. The help center was always fast and helped me to solve issues really quick. That is why I use this service and I already indicated to some clients I have. Keep doing the good work. 

F. Coutinho

 Each and every time that I've had a question or been in need of support you guys have been excellent. 

D. Amy

 Deserve a 11 if it went to 10, a 5.0 if it went past 4.0, you guys are that extra credit loving student like myself! Always happy with support the speed and expertise is world class. 

D. Shoap

 I am really liking working with your services (and when I've requested help/support, I got great quick replies!)... Keep up the great work! 

T. Termini

 You are already the best in all aspects! Thank you very much! 

G. Prado
Members • Lost Password • Report Abuse • Technology • Partners • Why us • Why a Website • Resellers • Sitemap
© 2005 - 2025 Freehostia.com
Cluster Based Web Hosting Service
Terms of Service • Privacy Policy