Homepage - Freedom Forum Skip to content Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Menu The First Amendment: What You Need to Know First Amendment Glossary Freedom of Religion Freedom of Speech Freedom of Press Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Petition Today’s Front Pages Articles Take Action Contact Your Representative Take the Pledge Donate Stay Informed Our Work Mission Freely Fest Where America Stands Free Expression Awards Free Press Programs Experts First Amendment Reporters Al Neuharth Free Spirit and Journalism Conference First Amendment Academy The First Amendment on Campus Events About Us Senior Staff Board of Trustees Council of Advisors Al Neuharth Timeline Contact Us Shop Newsletter Sign Up Email (Required) The First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Do First Amendment Freedoms Apply in the Workplace? Do you lose your First Amendment rights at work? How the ‘Reindeer Rule’ Impacts Government Holiday Displays Learn all about this little-known rule. Why Is Christmas a Federal Holiday? Exploring the relationship between Christmas and separation of church and state. Freedom Forum Launches Freely Fest Celebrating the power of music and our First Amendment freedoms. First Amendment Stories of 2025: A Year in Review From press access to non-citizens' First Amendment rights, 1A was front and center in 2025. Learn more Subscribe for all things 1A Weekly updates, insights, events and more – straight to your inbox. Email (Required) First Amendment Term of the Week Discover definitions for the many terms you’ll find in discussions of the First Amendment. Browse The Glossary Trump Sues the BBC: First Amendment Analysis Why is Trump suing the BBC and does he have a case? SCOTUS Weighs in on Conversion Therapy Ban for Minors: First Amendment Analysis As we await a decision from the Supreme Court, Colorado’s ban on conversion therapy remains… My Favorite Things About the Free Spirit Conference 2025 Free Spirit Scholar Dominic Niyo shares his experience. Read More Speech Beyond the Spoken Word: Symbolic Speech Explained Is nonverbal expression protected? Read More 2025 Free Spirit Scholar: Ari Hickman 2025 Free Spirit Scholar Ari Hickman shares her experience. Read More Who Is a ‘Journalist?’ An Evolving Definition Who gets to decide who is and isn't a journalist? Read More 1A in Action: Frank Kameny and the Fight Against Employment Discrimination We highlight Frank Kameny as part of our 1A in Action series. Read More You have the right to express yourself IRL. Shop Now Our Experts The Freedom Forum’s network of experts bring a wide range of backgrounds in law, education and civil society to their analysis and commentary on First Amendment issues. Alex Morey First Amendment Specialist Allison Matulli Fellow for the First Amendment Ashkhen Kazaryan Fellow for the First Amendment Kevin Goldberg Vice President/First Amendment Expert David L. Hudson, Jr. Fellow for the First Amendment Richard Foltin Fellow for Religious Freedom Asma Uddin Fellow for Religious Liberty Benjamin P. Marcus Fellow for Religious Freedom Charles Haynes Senior Fellow for Religious Liberty Gene Policinski Senior Fellow for the First Amendment View All Experts 1A Reporters Freedom Forum supports First Amendment reporters at five publications across the country. Cate Charron The Indianapolis Star BrieAnna J. Frank USA TODAY Taylor Seely The Arizona Republic Stephany Matat Tallahassee Democrat Angele Latham The Tennessean View Reporters Most Read What Is Separation of Church and State? Free Speech on Social Media: The Complete Guide 15 of the Most Famous ‘Banned’ Books in US History Are Non-Citizens Protected by the First Amendment? 1 2 3 … 107 Next » The more you know, the freer you are. Learn about the First Amendment. Read more The First Amendment: What You Need to Know Freedom of Religion Freedom of Speech Freedom of Press Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Petition Today’s Front Pages Courts Sports, Music and Culture About Freedom Forum Where America Stands Shop Newsletter Contact Us Support Events Privacy Policy Republishing Policy © 2025 Freedom Forum