Freemans | Online Fashion, Electricals & Homeware to Make You Look Sign in Saved Bag Sale New In Women Men Kids & Toys Sports & Leisure Electricals Home & Garden Beauty Gifts Brands Pay £0 today when you shop on your flexiway account Free returns on everything Sign up to email today and get 15% off Women Men Home & Garden Shop All Get wrapped up Shop Coats Tech it out Shop Electricals Feel Active Shop Women Shop Men Women Footwear Home & Garden Men Sports & Leisure Lingerie Beauty Electricals Kids Gifts Shop Women Shop Men Knitwear Footwear Lingerie Beauty Cosy night in Shop Bedding Shop Now *Selected items only. Offer ends 15.01.26. Why Shop With Freemans Capture attention with your style. At Freemans, we embrace fashion in all its forms. Whether you're looking for everyday essentials or standout pieces, we offer affordable clothing and footwear for you and your family. Explore our stunning collection of dresses, fashionable tops, alluring lingerie, and thoughtful gifts from beloved brands that will be treasured. Make a statement with our impressive home and garden products that will impress your neighbours, or enhance your tech experience with the latest electronics available at Freemans. Help & contact us My Account Return an item Track my order Helpful Information FAQs Size Guides Financial Difficulties About Freemans Careers Delivery & Returns Delivery Returns & Refunds Shopping with Freemans Brand Directory flexi Account Buy now Pay Later Freemans App Sitemap Policies Privacy Policy Security Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions We accept these payment methods: © 2026 Freemans. Freemans plc is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No 311341), in respect of consumer credit activities. Registered Office: 66-70 Vicar Lane, Little Germany, Bradford, BD99 2XG. Registered in England and Wales; No 321643. VAT Number GB 557 1452 37 Freemans Grattan Holdings Ltd. is a member of the Finance & Leasing Association (FLA) and subscribes to its Lending Code. You can find us by searching our name on the FLA Members Directory . The FLA Lending Code can be found here or alternatively you can contact us directly and we can provide you with a copy of the Lending Code. Data use preferences To improve your shopping experience we use cookies and similar technologies. We would also like to share information with other partners to improve their adverts and content for you. More information can be found in our privacy policy & cookie policy . Accept All Required Cookies Only Let me Choose