FreedomFi – We are an open workgroup of LTE technology enthusiasts, collaborating to help each other build private LTE networks based on CBRS shared spectrum Back To home You Can Find All Relevant Information On Our New Website View HelloHelium.com Start Guide Visit our "Start Guide" for clear, step-by-step instructions to kick off your journey into seamless connectivity. View FAQs Whether you're troubleshooting or seeking more information, FAQs provide  informed experience with FreedomFi. Browse Support Visit our Support page for dedicated help and resources. Our knowledgeable team is ready to guide you through any challenges 5G CBRS Gateway Helium Mobile Hotspot Privacy Policy Return and Warranty Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2024 FreedomFi All Rights Reserved. Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Cart Your cart is empty! Return to shop Checkout - $ 0.00 0 1 Did you make a $100 waitlist reservation in the past? Please check below to redeem your waitlist code for a discount. I have a waitlist reservation Continue to Checkout Waitlist Status Subscribe Now Subscribe Now (Helium5G) Please subscribe below to learn about future announcements related to FreedomFi Gateway release. First Name * Last Name * Email * If you are human, leave this field blank. Submit