All Free Tools Reviews Blog Contact
Free Cookie Consent
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator

Comply with requirements from CPRA, CCPA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.

Free Privacy Policy Generator

Free Privacy Policy Generator to comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense.

Free Terms and Conditions Generator

Free Terms and Conditions Generator to generate professional attorney drafted Terms & Conditions.

Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator

Our Privacy Policy Generator includes many provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:

California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)

California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)

General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)

Google Play

Apple Store

Google AdSense

Google AdWords (Ads)

Google Analytics

+ Many More

How the Privacy Policy Generator works

Our intuitive, easy-to-use generator allows you to create a custom Privacy Policy or a Terms & Conditions agreement using our Free Website Privacy Policy Generator or our Free Website Terms & Conditions Generator.

01
Step 1. Generate your Privacy Policy

All you have to do is answer a few simple questions about your business and your Website Privacy Policy or Website Terms & Conditions agreement is created and ready to be added to your web site. In fact, for most people it takes less than 15 minutes.

02
Step 2. Download your Privacy Policy

Log in to your account and download the Privacy Policy you just generated. Each Privacy Policy you generate is saved in our systems and it can be accessed anytime you need it.

03
Step 3. Update or edit your Privacy Policy

If you need to update your Privacy Policy, that's easy. Simply log in back to your account and update your Privacy Policy. Do you want to edit the Privacy Policy text? It's the same easy step: log in & edit your Privacy Policy.

About FreePrivacyPolicy.com

The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator! Here at Free Privacy Policy, we've helped more than 1,030,043 site owners create easy-to-read, highly effective, Custom Privacy Policies.

Our Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google AdWords requirements for a Privacy Policy
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices

Our Free Terms and Conditions Generator includes provisions to help you effectively protect your site and app while limiting your liability:

Provisions for payments, including subscription plans
Provisions for user-generated content (UCG), including copyright infringement notices (such as DMCA)
Provisions for protecting your site and app intellectual property (such as the website design, company logo)
Provisions for limiting liability (such as warranty disclaimers)

1,030,042

Users

1,185,477

Policies Created

533,464,650

Saved on Legal Fees

What our customers say

Rated       4.9

Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.

     

Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services

Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!

     

Andrea - Toronto Success Coach

Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.

     

Casey H - Casis Boutique

View More Reviews
Make your site & app compliant in minutes
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
Latest articles from our blog
 Money Back Guarantee Policy

This article will be a helpful guide for how you can create your own Money Back Guarantee Policy and why it may be extremely beneficial to your website.

 Is a Privacy Policy the Same as a Privacy Notice or Privacy Statement?

In this guide, we'll break down the ways to use the terms and why what really matters is conveying the right information to customers.

 nofollow for Privacy Policy Pages

You may have read or been advised that you should put nofollow tags on links to your Privacy Policy and related documents. While there are technical arguments behind this advice, not everyone agrees.

Free Generators

Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
Free Cookie Consent

Free Templates

Free Privacy Policy Sample Template
Free GDPR Privacy Policy Sample Template
Free CCPA Privacy Policy Sample Template
Free Terms and Conditions Sample Template
Free Cookies Policy Sample Template
Free Return and Refund Sample Template
Free GDPR Data Processing Sample Template

Company

About FreePrivacyPolicy.com
Reviews & Testimonials
Contact



Social

 
Our Terms of Use Our Privacy Policy Our Cookies Policy Our Security Policy Our Disclaimer

Please note that legal information, including legal templates and legal policies, is not legal advice. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site.

The reproduction, distribution, display, or transmission of the content is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by FreePrivacyPolicy. All other company & product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Copyright © 2008 - 2025 FreePrivacyPolicy.com
All Rights Reserved.

Sold and fulfilled by FastSpring - an authorized reseller. Bright Market (dba FastSpring), 801 Garden St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101, is the authorized reseller of our products and services on FreePrivacyPolicy.com