Skip to main content

Get chat + a full support solution with Freshdesk Omni.

Explore Freshdesk Omni
Skip to main content
Products
Platform
Resources
Pricing
Demo
Try it free
Login
Freshchat
Features
Integrations
What's New
FRESHCHAT
Customer wow starts with a chat

Serve up smiles on any channel with Freshchat—and upgrade to Freshdesk Omni for advanced ticketing, knowledge bases, and more: the all-in-one toolkit for five-star support.

Demo Freshdesk Omni
Try Freshchat
	
	
	
1:05
	
Trusted by 75,000+ Businesses Worldwide
Leave no customer undelighted

Complex customer issues with no simple solution? Freshdesk Omni helps you consolidate tools, control costs, cut confusion, and offer superlative support.

CHANNEL FREEDOM
Engage customers on the channel of their choice

Deliver a seamless experience for your customers across any channel, whether it’s self-serve or agent-assisted. Messaging, live chat, even email and voice – you name it, we’ve got it.

Explore channels
BOT-DRIVEN SUPPORT
Scale support with AI-driven bots on any channel

Customers seek quick and effortless self-service on the channels of their choice. Easily create and deploy AI-driven bot experiences across your website, native app, and messaging channels. 

Explore bot-driven support
UNIFIED AGENT WORKSPACE
Equip agents to deliver personalization at scale

Give your agents the context they need to deliver personalized experiences. Make it easy for them to see details like past purchases and open issues, conversations from any channel, and more.

Explore unified agent workspace
PROACTIVE CUSTOMER JOURNEYS
Help customers before they even know they need it

Proactively engage customers on web or messaging channels to stay ahead of potential issues. And turn any engagement with your company into a potential revenue-generating opportunity.

Explore customer journeys
ADMIN AND ANALYTICS
Make informed decisions to help your business scale

Get insights into customer behavior and team performance. Understand your team productivity and bot effectiveness, and identify gaps to fix to scale even faster.

Explore analytics
Freshdesk Omni
Have a nice chat—and then some

Great conversations are the heart of customer service, but there’s more you can do to unleash productivity. Our all-in-one solution lets you collaborate, manage tickets, and resolve complex issues easily.

Explore Freshdesk Omni
Customers love us, but don’t just take our word for it

I’m responsible for our chat platform and channel service strategy. The reason why we moved to Freshworks was for the APIs so that we can be our own chat client. I really enjoyed the collaboration.

Eric Bompas
Product Manager, Klarna
Read story

Along with efficient team management, Freshchat helped us develop a stronger relationship with our customers and make the transition from an offline retail store to an online D2C brand much easier.

Mauli Teli
Co-founder, Iba Cosmetics
Read story
The experts agree
Sign up for your free trial today

14 days. No credit card required. No strings attached.


Try it Free
Get a Demo
Contact Freshworks
Contact Us or sales@freshworks.com
Company
About
Leadership
Investors
Careers
Customers
Partners
Events
Insights & Trends
Newsroom
Contact
Support & Success
Support
Training & Certification
Services
Student Academy
Community
Products
What’s New
Freshdesk
Freshdesk Omni
Freshchat
Freshservice
Freshservice for MSPs
Freshservice for Business Teams
Freshsales
Freshsales Suite
Freshmarketer
Freshworks Platform
Freddy AI
Legal
Privacy Notice
Site Terms
Cookie Policy
Do Not Share My Personal Information
Security
Accessibility
Unsubscribe
Sitemap

© 2025 Freshworks Inc. All Rights Reserved

We use cookies to track visitors, measure ads, ad campaign effectiveness and analyze site traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with 3rd parties. For more info, see, ourCookie Policy and ourPrivacy Policy. By clicking on "Cookie Preference Manager" you can choose to enable only certain cookie categories. By clicking "Accept all" you agree to the storing of all cookies on your device. In case you don't choose one of these options and use our website we will treat it as if you have accepted all cookies.
Preferences
Accept all