Skip to main content
Products
Platform
Resources
Pricing
Demo
Try it free
Login
FRESHSERVICE
Uncomplicated, AI-powered ITSM

One platform for IT and business teams to deliver better, faster employee service. It's powerful, intuitive, and built to scale—with nothing to slow you down.

Try it free
Book a demo
TRUSTED BY 75,000+ BUSINESSES WORLDWIDE
Overview
AI Agents and Assistants
Capabilities
Integrations
Resources
Everything IT needs. Nothing it doesn’t.
From employee onboarding to outage resolution, Freshservice gives your teams the tools to move faster, work smarter, and delight employees — all in one AI-powered platform.
Enterprise capability, not complexity

Give your IT teams a platform they’ll actually love—one that handles all their service desk, asset tracking, and infrastructure management needs with built-in AI. Easy to implement and manage, without the complexity of traditional enterprise tools.

Less time waiting, faster time to value
AI that supplements, not substitutes
Innovation, without hidden costs
AI-powered IT that moves the needle
Enterprise-grade impact across cost, speed, and employee experience.
356%
ROI in under 6 months by boosting productivity, cutting legacy tools, and improving IT efficiency.
98%
Average employee satisfaction score
66%
Ticket deflection with AI-powered self service
77%
Decrease in ART with AI assistance

* Based on findings from the Freshservice Benchmark Report and the Forrester Total Economic Impact™ (TEI) Study

AI that works the way you do
From agents and employees to team leads and executives, Freddy AI delivers smart, seamless assistance tailored to every role. Less swivel-chairing, more impact.
For employees
For IT agents
For IT leaders
Delight employees with instant, always-on support

Freddy AI gives employees fast, accurate help—right inside Slack and MS Teams. No wait, no language barriers, just answers.

Explore Freddy AI Agent
Freshservice capabilities

Simplify the complex — powerful IT capabilities with intuitive design and built-in intelligence to help teams move faster and smarter.

View datasheet
See all features
Freddy AI

Enable self service for employees, assist agents and offer proactive insights for leaders.

IT Service Management

Boost service desk performance with AI-powered workflows, intuitive automation, and actionable analytics.

IT Asset Management

Automate real time tracking across hardware, software, and cloud tools in an auto-updating CMDB.

IT Operations Management

Streamline IT ops with end-to-end visibility, intelligent alerts, and faster resolutions.

Enterprise Service Management

Transform service delivery across teams with automated processes for HR, Facilities, Finance, and more.

Omnichannel

Let employees request help on any channel, instantly alert agents, and speed up responses and fixes.

ENTERPRISE-GRADE ITAM
Freshservice + Device42: Smarter IT Operations

Gain complete visibility, reduce downtime, and mitigate risks while automating service operations for seamless IT management


Explore CMDB
Join 75,000+ companies uncomplicating their IT service & support
View all customer stories

Freshservice has helped us cut IT costs by 60% annually while improving service quality and speed.

Arul Arogyanathan
CIO
Read the story
EXTEND. AUTOMATE. SCALE.
Freshservice integrations

Effortlessly integrate Freshservice with your existing apps. Drive automation, connect teams, and scale IT operations with ease.

Explore marketplace
TOP-RATED
Trusted by experts

Trusted by IT teams worldwide. Recognized for usability, reliability, and customer satisfaction.

Guide
AI + ITSM: Making IT work smarter, not harder
Discover how AI is helping IT teams do more than just ‘keep the lights on’—it’s powering experiences that help drive strategic value.
Report
Freshservice Benchmark Report 2025
Compare your metrics with benchmarks from 10,743 teams. Discover AI trends, the first ever ESM benchmark, and data-backed strategies to boost efficiency in 2025.
Report
Gartner® Insights on Modern ITSM
See why Gartner® recognizes Freshservice as a leader in AI-driven ITSM solutions.
Get started with Freshservice
Trial
Start free trial

Explore the platform hands-on for 14 days—no credit card required. No strings attached.

Try it free
Contact Sales
Contact sales

Connect with our product experts to get a tailored demo, pricing insights, and answers to your IT challenges.

Book a demo
Product Tour
Watch product tour

Watch a short 6 min tour of the product to understand how Freshservice streamlines IT operations with AI and automation.

Take the tour
Contact Freshworks
Contact Us or sales@freshworks.com
Company
About
Leadership
Investors
Careers
Customers
Partners
Events
Insights & Trends
Newsroom
Contact
Support & Success
Support
Training & Certification
Services
Student Academy
Community
Products
What’s New
Freshdesk
Freshdesk Omni
Freshchat
Freshservice
Freshservice for MSPs
Freshservice for Business Teams
Freshsales
Freshsales Suite
Freshmarketer
Freshworks Platform
Freddy AI
Legal
Privacy Notice
Site Terms
Cookie Policy
Do Not Share My Personal Information
Security
Accessibility
Unsubscribe
Sitemap

© 2025 Freshworks Inc. All Rights Reserved

We use cookies to track visitors, measure ads, ad campaign effectiveness and analyze site traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with 3rd parties. For more info, see, ourCookie Policy and ourPrivacy Policy. By clicking on "Cookie Preference Manager" you can choose to enable only certain cookie categories. By clicking "Accept all" you agree to the storing of all cookies on your device. In case you don't choose one of these options and use our website we will treat it as if you have accepted all cookies.
Preferences
Accept all