The Frick Collection Skip to main content The Frick will close at 3:00 p.m. on New Year’s Eve and will be closed on Thursday, January 1, for New Year’s Day. Timed tickets required (except for members )! Open Mobile Navigation Visit Art Exhibitions Programs Library Explore Support About Tickets Shop Donate Join Search Search Visit Guide Library Map Accessibility Art On View Collections Browse All Acquisitions Artists Favorites Sign Up Log In Exhibitions Current Upcoming Past Virtual Exhibitions Programs Students Concerts Partnerships Calendar Library Archives Photoarchive Digital Initiatives Digital Art History Explore Videos Blogs Virtual Tours Connect Mobile Guide Publications Support Membership Donate Benefit Events Entertaining Annual Reports About Buildings Gardens History Conservation Staff Board of Trustees Contact Careers Tickets Admission Members Library Shop Donate Join NOW OPEN PLAN YOUR VISIT The Frick Collection's historic buildings are closed for renovation. Explore online ! Last chance! Double your impact through December 31. Donate today The Frick Collection is back! Get closer to more of our masterpieces than ever before in our newly renovated home. Visit today! About Our Renovation VISIT TICKETS JOIN Now Open The Frick Collection 1 East 70th Street Timed tickets required (except for members) TICKETS MEMBERSHIP Now Open Frick Art Research Library 10 East 71st Street No appointment necessary, with advance registration Visit Browse Online To the Holy Sepulcher Treasures from the Terra Sancta Museum To the Holy Sepulcher Treasures from the Terra Sancta Museum Flora Yukhnovich's Four Seasons Flora Yukhnovich's Four Seasons New Acquisition on View New Acquisition on View Donate by December 31 to double your impact! Donate by December 31 to double your impact! Upcoming Programs Upcoming Programs Blogs Blogs Videos Remote video URL Welcome to the Frick! Steve Martin narrates this immersive introduction to the wonders of The Frick Collection in New York City. Following a major renovation completed in spring 2025, the museum invites you to rediscover its unique atmosphere and collections in its historic home at 1 East 70th Street—a place to slow down and get closer to objects of beauty and awe. Learn about the museum’s founder, industrialist Henry Clay Frick, as well as the history of its iconic buildings and holdings, including the creation of the Frick Art Research Library by Helen Clay Frick. The video also traces the institution’s evolution over time, from a private Gilded Age mansion to a civic resource “for the use and benefit of all persons whomsoever,” offering educational programs, special exhibitions, concerts, events, and more. The Frick has inspired generations of museumgoers, artists, writers—and even comedians! Plan your visit today and discover it for yourself. Flora Yukhnovich’s Four Seasons Darren Waterston: Bringing the Frick’s Café to Life Porcelain Garden: Vladimir Kanevsky at The Frick Collection More Videos Renovation and Enhancement Learn about the Frick’s newly completed building project Learn more Mobile Guide Explore the collection with our free Bloomberg Connects mobile guide. Explore Featured Artists See All → Artist Titian (Tiziano Vecellio) Titian (Tiziano Vecellio) Artist Johannes Vermeer Johannes Vermeer Artist Francisco de Goya y Lucientes Francisco de Goya y Lucientes Artist Jean-Honoré Fragonard Jean-Honoré Fragonard Artist Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres Artist El Greco (Doménikos Theotokópoulos) El Greco (Doménikos Theotokópoulos) Artist Joseph Mallord William Turner Joseph Mallord William Turner Artist Rosalba Carriera Rosalba Carriera Artist Anthony van Dyck Anthony van Dyck Artist Giovanni Bellini Giovanni Bellini Artist Rembrandt Harmensz. van Rijn Rembrandt Harmensz. van Rijn Artist Claude Monet Claude Monet NOW OPEN Plan your visit to our renovated buildings. Advance timed tickets are required. Members visit free, with no reservations! tickets Membership Custom Prints Order your favorite pieces, printed on superior quality archival paper or stretched cotton canvas Order Now Support The Frick Collection Your generosity sustains our world-class public programs, research, and conservation efforts. DONATE The Frick at Your Fingertips Museum and library news straight to your inbox. Sign up today! email What's on at the Frick THE FRICK COLLECTION 1 East 70th Street New York, NY 10021 FRICK ART RESEARCH LIBRARY 10 East 71st Street New York, NY 10021 Visit Tickets Calendar Explore Blogs Exhibitions Library About Press Donate Careers Values Privacy Policy Terms of Use Image Permissions Site Map Feedback Contact us 212-288-0700 info@frick.org Follow us Instagram Facebook X Youtube Threads Google Art Project TikTok TikTok Copyright © 1998-2025 The Frick Collection. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Youtube Instagram Google Arts and Culture Threads X menu search2 x Fullscreen Tickets