Friendly Captcha - Privacy-First Bot Protection Skip to content Overview Demo Features Developers Pricing Create Account › Sign in › Overview Demo Features Developers Pricing Create Account › Sign in › Create Account Sign in Truly Invisible CAPTCHA Privacy-First Bot Protection Protect your websites and apps from spam and abuse with a privacy-compliant and accessible alternative to traditional CAPTCHAs. Friendly Captcha respects your user’s privacy and works automatically, so your users don’t have to do anything. Start now Try live demo Made in Europe GDPR Compliant Proven Accessibility Completed: 2s (2480K/s) I'm not a robot Friendly Captcha Made in Europe GDPR Compliant Proven Accessibility Trusted by the world’s leading organizations The accessible, privacy-compliant CAPTCHA alternative Prevent bots. Ensure privacy. Based on proof-of-work mechanisms and advanced risk signals, Friendly Captcha employs a fundamentally new approach to securely defend your websites and online services from bots and spam. Friendly Captcha doesn’t track your users. It is compliant with GDPR, CCPA, and global privacy regulations. Plus, your users no longer have to deal with tedious labeling tasks. They don’t have to do anything at all. Start with Friendly Captcha Truly invisible CAPTCHA challenge Experience Friendly Captcha yourself. Friendly Captcha is the first truly invisible CAPTCHA based on proof-of-work. Instead of prompting any visible challenge to the end user, it checks the end user’s device in the background. Friendly Captcha generates a unique crypto puzzle for each user’s device. As soon as the user starts to fill in a protected form, it will be solved automatically. Solving it will usually take a few seconds. By the time the user is ready to submit, the puzzle is probably already solved. Create account See dev demo Demo Use the sample form to experience Friendly Captcha in action. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Test Name * Test Message You need to enable Javascript for the anti-spam check. Submit Why Friendly Captcha European Captcha. Made for the world. We are a German company with a globally distributed team working to the highest German quality and data protection standards. With cutting-edge technologies, we protect your organization from bots. Defend against bots Based on proof-of-work mechanisms and advanced risk signals, Friendly Captcha deters spam and abuse consistently. How it compares Protect your users' privacy Friendly Captcha is privacy-first and fully GDPR-compliant. We don't store personal data from your users. View privacy pledge Improve user experience Friendly Captcha is completely automated and fully accessible. Your users no longer have to deal with tedious labeling tasks. Try live demo Scale reliably With data centers in the EU, US, Asia and around the world, we process millions of requests every day at highest availability. Explore service plans Designed for developers Easily integrate our powerful APIs. Adding Friendly Captcha takes only minutes and just a few lines of code. Our API is compatible with other CAPTCHAs, allowing you to switch quickly. In addition, we offer a range of ready-to-use, open source CAPTCHA integrations for popular software such as WordPress. Read the docs Tools for every stack We offer powerful APIs and open source libraries to add Friendly Captcha to your app. See libraries Prebuilt integrations Use our CAPTCHA integrations for popular software like WordPress, and more. Explore them <!– Add the widget script –> < script type ="module" src ="https://yourdomain.com/friendly-challenge@1.7.4/widget.module.min.js" async defer ></ script > <!– Add the widget itself –> < div class ="frc-captcha" data-sitekey ="FCMV995O03V7RIMQ"></ div > POST https://api.friendlycaptcha.com/ api/v1/ siteverify { "success": true } Plans & Pricing Find the plan that fits your needs. Starter Basic single domain protection for low traffic websites. €9 per month Free 30 day trial Includes: 1 protected domain Up to 1,000 requests / month Privacy-friendly protection No image labeling tasks for users User-friendly and fully accessible Growth Enhanced multi-domain security with stats for small businesses. €39 per month Free 30 day trial All the benefits of Starter, and: Up to 5 protected domains Up to 5,000 requests / month Usage statistics Advanced Comprehensive security choice with additional protection features for mid-sized companies. €200 per month Free 30 day trial All the benefits of Growth, and: Up to 50 protected domains Up to 50,000 requests / month Automatic risk detection and smart difficulty scaling Dedicated data centers (e.g. EU only) 99.9% guaranteed uptime User management Online support Enterprise High-end security, scalability, and compliance with specialized support for enterprises. Custom Get in touch Contact us All the benefits of Advanced, and: Unlimited protected domains Unlimited requests / month Professional analytics features Reporting capabilities App-specific difficulty controls Single sign-on, enhanced access control and audit logs Self-hosted endpoint option Software engineer support Assistance with your procurement and evaluation processes Free CAPTCHA for non-commercial use Friendly Captcha offers a free CAPTCHA for non-commercial websites with low traffic. Includes: 1 protected domain Up to 1,000 requests / month Privacy-friendly protection No image labeling tasks for users User-friendly and fully accessible Start now Ready to get started? Join thousands of organizations in switching to a privacy-first anti-bot solution. We protect your websites and online services with the highest German quality and data protection standards. Start now Contact us Privacy matters Learn more about our commitment to protect your users' privacy. View privacy pledge Start your integration Adding Friendly Captcha takes only minutes and just a few lines of code. Read the docs Friendly Captcha Prevent bots. Ensure privacy. English English German French Spanish Italian Portuguese Global protection. Made in Europe. Solution Overview Demo Features Pricing Account Create account Sign in Insights Captcha comparison reCaptcha alternatives reCaptcha GDPR Company About Jobs Contact Developers Documentation Open libraries Integrations Status Tools WCAG Checker Resources Learning Wiki Support Compliance Privacy Accessibility Security GDPR Legal Privacy Policies Terms of Use We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English German French Spanish Italian Portuguese Change Language Close