Friendbuy | Best Referral Programs and Loyalty Programs Missed the Friendbuy Flywheel webinar? Explore the latest Referral + Loyalty features driving BFCM growth. Rewatch here Catch up on the newest features built to help you grow Check it out Platform Our Products Referral Program Software Empower your customers to spread the word with best-in-class referral program software to drive new customer acquisition and accelerate your growth. Loyalty Program Software Reward and retain your customers with enterprise-grade loyalty program software to effortlessly boost engagement and maximize lifetime value. Use Cases Loyalty Platform Scheduled Promotions Loyalty Challenges VIP Programs Tiered Rewards Milestone Rewards Win-backs Phone Number & Email List Growth Product Launches BFCM Campaigns Referral Platform Give/Get Referral Contests & Sweepstakes Scheduled Referral Campaigns Influencers & Ambassadors Phone Number & Email List Growth A/B Testing BFCM Campaigns QR Code Referrals Product Sharing Product Launches Integrations Overview Unlock the full potential of your loyalty and referral programs through 1-click integrations for streamlined workflows and personalized communications. Shopify & Shopify Plus Salesforce Commerce Cloud Segment Klaviyo Attentive Braze Iterable Recharge Customers Success Stories Referral Program Success Stories Discover how leading brands leverage Friendbuy to acquire new customers and fuel their growth. Explore the strategies behind their success. Loyalty Program Success Stories Learn how high growth brands are building stronger customer relationships, boosting repeat purchases and increasing retention with Friendbuy’s loyalty solutions. The Platform All Success Stories Find insights and proven tactics to inspire your success for achieving growth with Friendbuy powered loyalty and referral programs. Featured Case Studies Natural Life is a women's lifestyle brand that makes irresistible “treasures” with a free spirit style and positive vibe… everything from clothes and accessories to things for your home and unique gifts! Founded on the belief that it's the little things that mean the most, Natural Life creates colorful, comfortable bohemian fashion that inspires customers to be themselves and spread positivity.
Natural Life clothing can best be described as colorful, comfy, Bohemian and fun to wear. Their product range includes casual dresses, jumpsuits, graphic tees, tanks, accessories, home goods, and unique gifts, all designed to embody their free-spirited, positive brand philosophy.
As a lifestyle brand built on community and shared values, Natural Life's customers naturally want to share their discoveries with like-minded friends, making them an ideal candidate for referral-driven growth. Natural Dog Company was started for the dog parents that treat their furry friends like family. Their founder had unexpected health issues that caused her to change to a toxin-free, healthier lifestyle. She wanted to be able to do the same for her dogs - but couldn’t find a natural product that worked. Now, Natural Dog Company is a full dog wellness brand, with an array of natural but effective products and a community of dedicated pawrents. Industries Retail & E-commerce (In-store & Online) Subscription Fashion & Apparel Beauty Health & Wellness Food & Beverage Spas & Gyms Pets Travel & Hospitality Financial Services Resources Learn Referral Marketing Resources Access expert tips, guides, and strategies to create and optimize referral programs that drive customer acquisition and growth. Customer Loyalty Resources Explore resources designed to help you build effective loyalty programs that increase repeat purchases and strengthen your customer relationships. Friendbuy Blog Stay updated with the latest trends, insights, and best practices in referral marketing, customer loyalty, and e-commerce growth strategies. Support Help Center Find answers to your questions with our comprehensive library of how-tos, FAQs, and step-by-step guides. Developers Access technical documentation, APIs, and developer tools to seamlessly integrate Friendbuy into your website and/or mobile app New Product Releases Explore Friendbuy’s newest releases designed to help you drive more referrals, boost loyalty, and maximize ROI. Partners Become a Partner Interested in Partnering with Friendbuy? Email us at partnerships@friendbuy.com Log in Book a Meeting Loyalty & Referral Programs Powering the World’s Leading Retail & E-Commerce Brands Smarter customer engagement. Stronger revenue growth. Friendbuy is a fully customizable platform designed to fuel sustainable success. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. You’re in great company. Loyalty & Referral Solutions Built for Enterprise. Referral Programs Acquire your best customers through word-of-mouth referrals and lower CPA while increasing lifetime value. Our Referral Platform is highly flexible and built for scale. Discover the Friendbuy difference that drives 5-25% of new customer acquisition. Loyalty Programs Keep your customers coming back and grow lifetime value. Points or spend-based programs, VIP programs, memberships, tiers, challenges, and so much more. Drive significant increases in repeat purchases, average order value, and customer retention with a loyalty program designed for impactful results. Friendbuy has been a great partner and an efficient way for us to acquire new and highly qualified customers. Nearly half of the customers we acquire through Friendbuy make a repeat purchase. Becky Chambers | Head of Retention, Outdoor Voices Most software providers sell the tool and then leave you to figure out the rest. Friendbuy is the complete opposite. They’ve been the most hands on of any software as a service company I’ve ever worked with Nadina Bourgeois | Senior Digital Paid Manager, SPANX Working with the Friendbuy team, and tapping into their integrations with our other partners, really accelerates our potential growth. We’re now offering a level of personalization and dynamic messaging to customers that we just didn’t have before. Jennifer Peters | Senior DTC Manager, OLLY Referral by the numbers Loyalty by the numbers 5-25 % New customers acquired $ 1-10 Cost Per Acquisition 25 X Return on investment 3-4 X Increase in Lifetime Value 5-25 % New customers acquired $ 1-10 Cost Per Acquisition 25 X Return on investment 3-4 X Increase in Lifetime Value Proven Results. Loyalty 40% Increase in annual spend 3-4x Increase in lifetime value 60-80% Customer retention rate 20-40% Increase in repeat purchases Referral 10-25 % New customers acquired $ 1-10 Cost Per Acquisition 25 X Return on investment 3-4 X Increase in Lifetime Value Grow faster. Grow better. Take your customer relationships to the next level. Book a Meeting Why Choose Friendbuy. Customization Flexibility Onboarding Analytics & Reporting Integrations Design a cohesive brand experience. Program assets are tailored to your brand’s unique identity, following your fonts, colors, and imagery. Customized styling for widgets, CTAs, and emails ensures seamless integration with your website and mobile app. Easy-to-use editor allows quick creative updates, perfect for seasonal imagery or campaign-specific content. Keep your program fresh and engaging with effortless styling and updates. Drive engagement with flexible and customizable rewards Choose any reward type, including coupons, account credit, points, 3rd party gift cards, and custom rewards. Incentivize actions such as referrals, purchases, birthdays, and milestones with a powerful rules-based rewards engine. Offer flexible earning and redemption options, including SKU-based rewards, VIP tiers, and fully customizable ways to earn. White-glove onboarding with expert guidance. Enjoy white-glove onboarding with our 5-star rated team, including a dedicated Onboarding Manager and Solutions Architect. Define effective programs with expert guidance on offer strategies, earning events, and reward options. Seamlessly migrate from existing programs with efficient transfer of historical customer data. Benefit from consultative support and regular communication to ensure quick onboarding and fast results. Advanced analytics for referral and loyalty programs. Gain valuable insights to boost referral program performance. Track analytics for your business type, including e-commerce, subscriptions, in-store purchases, and mobile app downloads. Measure leading indicators such as program impressions, shares, referral visits, as well as conversions. Track goals such as new customer acquisitions, referral purchases, and revenue. A/B test offers, email subject lines, and every other part of the referral funnel. Measure and improve lifetime values (LTV) of advocates and referred friends. Seamless integrations to drive growth Leverage deep integrations with leading platforms for e-commerce, subscription billing, email, SMS, and CDPs. Offer rewards such as discounts, account credit, free products, or auto-applied free months. Add newly acquired emails and phone numbers directly to your CRM. Automate personalized email and SMS journeys to engage customers. Incentivize actions like subscribing to Email & SMS communications or submitting reviews. Our Customer Success team brings unmatched expertise to fuel the success of your loyalty and referral programs. Collaborate with our team to: Build and deploy customized strategies Align your referral + loyalty campaigns with key business objectives Deliver powerful insights through advanced reporting and quarterly business reviews Customize your network of integrations Accelerate your growth with Friendbuy’s top-notch industry insights and unlock your program’s full potential, based on your unique product mix, customer profile, and tech stack. “Most software providers sell the tool and then leave you to figure out the rest. Friendbuy is the complete opposite. They’ve been the most hands on of any software as a service company I’ve ever worked with.” Nadina Bourgeois | Senior Digital Paid Manager, SPANX We’ll let the results speak for themselves. Prose’s Referral Program CPA is 117x Cheaper Than Paid Ads 117x Lower CPA than referral program paid ads. Read Case Study Why OLLY Switched to the Friendbuy Loyalty Program 26% Higher average order value. Read Case Study How woom Increased Email and SMS Subscriber Acquisition by 40% with Friendbuy and Klaviyo 58 % Increase in month-over-month revenue from new subscribers. Read Case Study How SPANX Uses Friendbuy to Achieve a 15% Conversion Rate from Referred Customers 15 % Conversion rate from referred customers. Read Case Study View All Case Studies Join the Community Are you ready to engage with a community of marketers just like you? Let’s get this conversation started! Sign up to learn more about loyalty and referral programs, product news, webinars, and more. Unsubscribe at any time. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 2516 Via Tejon Suite 201, Palos Verdes Estates, CA 90274 info@friendbuy.com Privacy Policy | Security | Terms & Conditions Platform Referral Program Software Loyalty Program Software Resources Success Stories Friendbuy Blog FAQs Product Releases Company About Us Careers (Coming Soon) Copyright © 2025 Friendbuy All rights reserved. Comparing Friendbuy vs LoyaltyLion? Discover why top DTC brands choose Friendbuy for flexible loyalty and high-converting referral programs. See how our unified platfrom delivers more ROI, faster time-to-value, and a true partnership for growth.