Frommers | Homepage Frommers Destinations Top Destinations New York City Paris Las Vegas Washington, D.C. Los Angeles Rome Hong Kong San Francisco View All Regions Europe North America Caribbean & Atlantic Australia & South Pacific Asia Middle East & Africa Central & South America USA View All Featured T photography / Shutterstock New York City Travel Ideas Travel Ideas Arts and Culture Local Experiences LGBTQ Honeymoons National Parks Food and Drink Outdoor & Adventure Road Trips Senior Student Theme Park Winter Sports Beach & Water Sports Family & Kids View All Featured Great Vacations in the U.S.A. Trends & Hacks Trends & Hacks News Miscellaneous Hotels Credit Cards & Loyalty Points Packages Timing Your Trip Packing & Luggage Money and Fees Photography Car, Bus, Rail Health, Insurance, Security Cruise Air Travel View All Featured Prostock-studio / Shutterstock Family Travel on a Budget: Our Top 14 Tips Our Favorites Frommer's Favorites Great Vacations in the U.S.A. The Best of Mexico The Best of The Caribbean Cruise Inspiration Alaska Made Easy View All Featured Romas Photo/Shutterstock Sicily's Vacation Discount Extended Until December—We Think Bookstore Most Popular Books Frommer's Ireland 2026 Frommer's Italy 2026 Frommer's New York City 2026 Frommer's EasyGuide to Cancun and the Caribbean Coast of Mexico Frommer's Rome day by day Frommer's London Frommer's Washington D.C. Frommer's Disney World, Universal and Orlando Frommer's Maine Coast Frommer's France View All Featured Frommer's Ireland 2026 Toggle navigation Destinations All All New York City Top Destinations New York City Paris Las Vegas Washington, D.C. Los Angeles Rome Hong Kong San Francisco View All Regions Europe North America Caribbean & Atlantic Australia & South Pacific Asia Middle East & Africa Central & South America USA View All Travel Ideas All All Great Vacations in the U.S.A. Travel Ideas Arts and Culture Local Experiences LGBTQ Honeymoons National Parks Food and Drink Outdoor & Adventure Road Trips Senior Student Theme Park Winter Sports Beach & Water Sports Family & Kids View All Trends & Hacks All All Family Travel on a Budget: Our Top 14 Tips Trends & Hacks News Miscellaneous Hotels Credit Cards & Loyalty Points Packages Timing Your Trip Packing & Luggage Money and Fees Photography Car, Bus, Rail Health, Insurance, Security Cruise Air Travel View All Our Favorites All All Sicily's Vacation Discount Extended Until December—We Think Frommer's Favorites Great Vacations in the U.S.A. The Best of Mexico The Best of The Caribbean Cruise Inspiration Alaska Made Easy View All Bookstore All All Frommer's Ireland 2026 Most Popular Books Frommer's Ireland 2026 Frommer's Italy 2026 Frommer's New York City 2026 Frommer's EasyGuide to Cancun and the Caribbean Coast of Mexico Frommer's Rome day by day Frommer's London Frommer's Washington D.C. Frommer's Disney World, Universal and Orlando Frommer's Maine Coast Frommer's France View All Add us on Google Click the button to make Frommer's a preferred source on Google. Click here to make Frommer's a preferred source on Google. Google now lets you choose your favorite sources for news and updates. To make sure you always see the latest travel tips, news, and destination guides from us, click the “Add us on Google” button and check Frommers.com Google now lets you choose your favorite sources for news and updates. To make sure you always see the latest travel tips, news, and destination guides from us, click the “Add us on Google” button and check Frommers.com Top Story Cruise Combine a Nile River Cruise with Biking on This Novel Egypt Tour By Zac Thompson | December 29, 2025 The Latest When Should You Tip? 11 Tipping Rules for 11 Types of Travel Services Rome's Trevi Fountain Will Soon Require a Ticket and Entrance Fee The Airlines, Unchecked, are Showing Passengers Prices They Can’t Actually Find Meet Pauline Frommer at Seattle's Travel & Adventure Show January 10–11: Free Ticket Code A Dodgy Travel Hack for Tricking Airport Luggage Scales—and What to Try Instead More Articles Popular Destinations Mistervlad Europe Travel Guide T photography / Shutterstock New York City Travel Guide Sean Pavone Las Vegas Travel Guide Manny Singer / Shutterstock Cabo San Lucas Travel Guide Strike First Los Angeles Travel Guide Mistervlad Europe Travel Guide T photography / Shutterstock New York City Travel Guide Sean Pavone Las Vegas Travel Guide Manny Singer / Shutterstock Cabo San Lucas Travel Guide Strike First Los Angeles Travel Guide View All Start Your Journey Search Must-Read Articles Featured Frommer's Favorites Slideshows Outdoor & Adventure Discover California Courtesy of New Mexico True Frommer's Best Places to Go in 2026 If you’re a traveler, you’re lucky. You know the secret.You know that travel heals. Travel uplifts. As long as the world still goes round, travelers can reset their minds and hearts simply by traveling somewhere else… What Is the Best Travel Pillow for a Long Flight? Our Tests Revealed a Clear Winner Sleep specialists generally recommend lying on your side while dozing as the best position for keeping your… What to Know About Europe’s Upcoming Entry Requirement and Entry Fee What Are the Safest Countries to Visit in 2026? The Best and Worst Hotel Booking Sites for 2026 These Are the Safest Parts of Mexico for Travel in 2025 Amid reports of a rise in violent crime, these are the safest parts of Mexico for tourists right now. The 10 Best (and Cheapest) Airfare Search Sites for 2026 They're Trying to Sell Off the U.S. National Parks Again: Your Voice Is Needed Small Ship Cruising in the Thousand Islands with St. Lawrence Cruise Lines: Our Review Countries Where the American Dollar Is Strong Right Now Frommer’s got its start in 1957 with a series of guidebooks about seeing the world on $5 a day. As you might have noticed, prices have gone up a little since then.But there are still places across the globe where U.S.… What Is Skijoring? The Wild Western Winter Sport You've Got to See Imagine waterskiing, but on ice instead of water, and behind a galloping horse instead of a motorboat. That… Dangerous Travel Destinations in 2025—and Where Risks Are Lower Maui to Phase Out Nearly 40% of Vacation Rentals: See the List The 10 Worst Airports in the U.S. Pauline Frommer's Review of Budget Carrier Norse Atlantic Airways Is there a sourer expression than you get what you pay for ? Does that phrase have any basis in reality… Countries That Drive on the Left Side of the Road: The Complete List The Airline Basic Tickets That Come with the Most Freebies (or the Most Extra Charges) Finding Temples, Hot Springs, and Snow Monsters in Quiet Northern Japan Places Where You Can Still See Evidence of the Nazi Occupation of Paris June 6th marks the anniversary of D-Day—in 2019, the 75th one—but this epic military victory was just the beginning of the liberation of France. It would take two and a half more months, until August 24, 1944, before… 'Comfort in the Wild': An Exclusive Peek Inside Our Gorgeous New Travel Book Nature deserves the rave reviews it gets, but what's with all the bugs? Comfort in the Wild, the brand-new… Cancún Alternatives: 5 Underrated Yucatán Beaches—and What Makes Each Unique The Best and Worst Hotel Booking Sites for 2026 Peek Inside One of London's Poshest Hotels with These Eye-Popping Photos Take the Museum Home! 23 Gorgeous Coffee Table Books of Great Museum Collections Although accessing great museums is a primary impetus for travel, the best institutions in the world often… These Pictures of Vintage Motels Will Make You Want to Plan an All-American Road Trip ASAP The Best Eiffel Tower Views: Hotels, Bars, Parks, and Streets to Visit in Paris for an Eyeful of the Eiffel A Visual Tour of Some of the Best Inns in New England, New York State, and Beyond More
Slideshows
Articles Combine a Nile River Cruise with Biking on This Novel Egypt Tour A trip billed as the first-ever "organized boat and bike journey along the Nile" is launching in Egypt in 2026. Boat Bike Tours, which specializes in mostly European cycling-and-cruising voyages, will set out on its… When Should You Tip? 11 Tipping Rules for 11 Types of Travel Services Tips on safaris Tips can quickly add up when it comes to safaris, but there’s a silver lining: It’s highly… Meet Pauline Frommer at Seattle's Travel & Adventure Show January 10–11: Free Ticket Code They're Trying to Sell Off the U.S. National Parks Again: Your Voice Is Needed A Beautiful New Ice Cave Was Just Discovered in Iceland, and This Winter You Can Go Inside 'Comfort in the Wild': An Exclusive Peek Inside Our Gorgeous New Travel Book Nature deserves the rave reviews it gets, but what's with all the bugs? Comfort in the Wild, the brand-new… The Biggest Mistakes You Can Make When It Comes to Travel Insurance Hike the Entire Coast of England on This Record-Setting Seaside Path What Is Skijoring? The Wild Western Winter Sport You've Got to See More
Outdoor & Adventure
Articles Where to See Nitrate Film Screenings: Rare Movie Cinemas Worth Traveling For Nearly every movie released before 1952 was shown on nitrate film, famous for its clarity, richness—and tendency to explode. Film buffs travel long distances to find theaters equipped for the increasingly prized… The USA's Legal Recreational Weed States in 2024 24 states and counting . . . Study Finds Gig Drivers Still Earn Less Than Minimum Wage. Is Using Uber and Lyft Ethical? How Tourists Can Buy Marijuana in Colorado 5 Things You Don't Know About California New Online Hub for Finding Native American Experiences in California A new online hub for cultural experiences, outdoor adventures, breweries, resorts, spas, and other tourism… California Bans Deceptive Resort Fees: See What's Affected and When California State Parks That Would Be National Parks Anywhere Else Carpinteria Beach, California: Calm Waters and Clifftop Views on the Central Coast The Frommer’s Travel Show Join host Pauline Frommer and an assortment of travel pros—journalists, Frommer’s staffers, and other industry insiders—as they discuss trending travel topics and dive deep to explore the human instinct to wander. Spotify Apple Listen Notes Join host Pauline Frommer and an assortment of travel pros—journalists, Frommer’s staffers, and other industry insiders—as they discuss trending travel topics and dive deep to explore the human instinct to wander. Spotify Apple Listen Notes Bookstore Available both as paperbacks and as e-books Sign up for the latest tips and deals. Email Address * Opt in to Newsletter * I want to receive travel news, trip ideas, and special offers from Frommer's and its marketing partners. I have read Frommer Media's Privacy Notice . Featured Authors Zac Thompson zeekaytee Frommer's Managing Editor. Previous contributor to the Village Voice, Chicago Reader, and others. Covers travel topics relating to the outdoors, budgeting, &c. Tries not to get cranky about hot weather. zthompson@frommermedia.com View Articles Tamara Hinson Tamara Hinson is an experienced travel journalist who loves scuba diving, snowboarding, mountain biking, and F1. View Articles William J. McGee William J. McGee is the Senior Fellow for Aviation & Travel at American Economic Liberties Project. An FAA-licensed aircraft dispatcher, he spent seven years in airline flight operations management and was Editor-in-Chief of Consumer Reports Travel Letter . He is the author of Attention all Passengers and teaches at Vaughn College of Aeronautics. More: www.economicliberties.us/william-mcgee/ . View Articles Top Destinations Europe Paris London Amsterdam Athens Barcelona Berlin Brussels Budapest Copenhagen Dublin Florence Lisbon Madrid Munich Prague Rome Stockholm Venice Vienna Zurich North America New York City Miami Los Angeles New Orleans Boston Cancun Chicago Kauai Las Vegas Maui Montreal Oahu Orlando Puerto Vallarta and the Riviera Nayarit San Diego San Francisco Seattle Toronto Vancouver Washington, D.C. Asia Bangkok Chiang Mai Beijing Delhi Goa Hanoi Ho Chi Minh City Hong Kong Kuala Lumpur Kyoto Mumbai Phuket Shanghai Siem Reap Singapore Tokyo Ubud Australia and the South Pacific Adelaide American Samoa Auckland Bora Bora Brisbane Cairns Canberra Christchurch Dunedin Fiji Melbourne Moorea Perth Queenstown Rarotonga Rotorua Samoa Sydney French Polynesia Tahiti Wellington Caribbean and the Atlantic Anguilla Antigua Aruba Barbados Bermuda Bonaire Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Dominican Republic Grenada Guadeloupe Haiti Jamaica Martinique Netherlands Antilles Puerto Rico Saba St. Barts St. Eustatius St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Maarten/St. Martin St. Vincent and the Grenadines Trinidad and Tobago Central and South America Buenos Aires Caracas Cusco Galapagos Islands Isla de Margarita Lima Machu Picchu Manuel Antonio National Park Monteverde Playa de Jaco Punta del Este Quito Rio de Janeiro Salvador San Carlos de Bariloche San Jose, Costa Rica Santiago Sao Paulo Middle East and Africa Eilat Haifa Jerusalem Johannesburg Kruger National Park Petra Tel Aviv More Articles American Airlines Blocks Basic Economy Passengers from Earning Miles Bad news for budget travelers.The U.S. legacy carriers like to claim they moved to à la carte pricing and stripped-down cabin categories to give travelers more options for customizing trips.But is that really true? It's hard to believe in light of… Maui to Phase Out Nearly 40% of Vacation Rentals: See the List Hawaii is paradise to vacationers, but for people who live there full-time, it can be hellishly… They're Trying to Sell Off the U.S. National Parks Again: Your Voice Is Needed Places Where You Can Still See Evidence of the Nazi Occupation of Paris The Airline Basic Tickets That Come with the Most Freebies (or the Most Extra Charges) A Beautiful New Ice Cave Was Just Discovered in Iceland, and This Winter You Can Go Inside Sometimes it feels like every traveler goes to the same scenic spots in Iceland. And sure, the Blue Lagoon is… American Cruise Lines’ Florida Gulf Coast & Keys Cruise: Our Review 'Comfort in the Wild': An Exclusive Peek Inside Our Gorgeous New Travel Book The Biggest Mistakes You Can Make When It Comes to Travel Insurance Travel news, reviews, and inspiration since 1957. Search Explore the world with the most trusted name in travel. Email Address * Opt in to Newsletter * I want to receive travel news, trip ideas, and special offers from Frommer's and its marketing partners. I have read Frommer Media's Privacy Notice . Top Destinations Travel Ideas Trends & Hacks Our Favorites Bookstore About Us Contact Us FAQ Press Room © 2025 FrommerMedia LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice Terms of Service