Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies (tools) that are necessary for the operation of our website. With your consent, we also use optional cookies and tools for analysis and marketing purposes (such as personalization and advertising), which help us improve our online services and give you the best possible experience on our website.  

 

With the cookies and similar technologies used, personal data may also be processed by us and by third-party providers. Third-party providers also include Google LLC, YouTube LLC and Meta Platforms, Inc., which are based in the USA, so that data transfers to the USA cannot be ruled out. The USA is not certified by the European Court of Justice as having an adequate level of data protection. There is a risk that your data may be subject to access by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes and that no effective legal remedies are available against this.  

 

By clicking on "Allow all", you agree that all cookies, as described in our Cookie-Policy and in the "Details", may be used on the website by us and by third-party providers (also in the USA). However, you also have the option to decide which cookie category you would like to consent to (except for the necessary cookies, which cannot be deselected); you can find out more about this in the Cookie-Policy and in the "Details". Here you can also decide individually whether you want to give your consent to the data transfer to the USA or not. If, on the other hand, you click on "Deny", only necessary cookies will be set.  

 

You can revoke your consent at any time in the Cookie-Policy, revoke or change the settings and deselect the categories subsequently. You can find further details in our Cookie-Policy as well as in our  Data Privacy Statement.

 

 

Legal Notice

Consent Selection
Necessary cookies
Functional cookies
Cookies for marketing purposes
Cookies from US providers
Deny
Allow all (incl. US-provider cookies)
Corporate
EN
About Fronius
Business Units
Career
Info Centre
Contact
Service & Support
Downloads
BackToTop Button
We are Fronius. Authentic. Human. Innovative.
Solar Energy
Perfect Welding
Perfect Charging
Quality that lasts for generations.

Around 6,700 employees worldwide, a current export share of 90 per cent and 1,752 active patents: that’s us, that’s Fronius.

Founded in 1945 as a regional one-man business, we are now a global player – a fact that is impressively demonstrated by our 37 international subsidiaries and our network of sales partners in more than 60 countries. And yet, at our core, we are still a family-owned company from Austria active in the electrical and electronics industry. 

How it all began
The history of Fronius began in 1945.
Discover our history
This is what we stand for
A passion for new technologies, intensive research and revolutionary solutions: this is what Fronius has stood for since 1945.
Our Fronius values
Our locations
Fronius products are in demand worldwide thanks to their high quality.
Explore Fronius worldwide
Company tours at Fronius
Experience Fronius up close. On site or on a virtual tour.
Visit Fronius
‘You have to learn something, you have to be able to do something, and you have to want something – then you will achieve something in life.’
Günther Fronius, 1907-2015 
Current developments
Reserva – The Fronius Storage Solution

Use solar energy around the clock with the Fronius Reserva. The high-voltage battery with DC coupling ensures highly efficient energy transfer. Thanks to its modular capacity of 6.3 to 15.8 kWh, it adapts flexibly to your needs. Perfectly matched to Fronius hybrid inverters, it integrates perfectly into your PV system. Your data remains secure on European servers, while our proven service & support team is always there for you.

More about Fronius Reserva
iWave - The all-rounder in automated welding

Top quality for every weld and every material: thanks to new technologies, iWave offers advantages for more targeted heat input, significantly improved ignition, and therefore maximum control over the arc.

Cold wire TIG welding made easy: with DynamicWire, key challenges of TIG cold-wire welding, such as gap bridging and quickly identifying the right parameters, are incredibly simple. Process control is elevated to a new level.

iWave for automated welding solutions
Fronius as an Employer

As a family company, Fronius thinks in generational terms and strives to be a stable employer that enjoys long-term success. We want to use the energy of our employees more effectively. With their knowledge, skills, attitude and motivation, they provide the foundations for our growth. 

Jobs at Fronius
Career at Fronius
80 Years Fronius
New
Sustainability
Fronius International GmbH
About Fronius
Info Centre
FAQ Online Tools
Career
Contact
Information in accordance with the EU-DATA ACT
Perfect Welding
World of Welding
Products & Services
Innovative Solutions
Inside Fronius
Contact
Downloads
Solar Energy
Home Owners
Business Owners
Installers & Partners
About Us
Contact
Newsletter
Perfect Charging
About Perfect Charging
Intralogistics
Car Workshop Equipment
Products & Solutions
Contact
Corporate
Perfect Welding
Solar Energy
Perfect Charging
Imprint
Terms and Conditions
Data privacy statement
Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct for Business Partners
Cookie Policy
Whistleblower
© 2025 Fronius International GmbHSales InternationalFroniusplatz 1 , 4600 Wels
Phone: +43 7242 241 0
Fax: +43 7242 241 3013
contact@fronius.com