Front Office Sports Loading stock data... Got a tip? Sign In Sign Up Tuesday, December 30, 2025 More Newsletters Events Video Games Shop Sign In Sign Up Sports Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer Women’s Sports College Athletics More Sports Golf Olympics Tennis Motorsports Combat Sports Industries Media Finance Stadiums & Real Estate Sports Betting Law Retail Tech Franchises Asset Class Tuned In Explore About Company News Studios Submit a Tip Advertise Contact Careers Shop Latest Stories by Ben Horney Share Link Copied Sportsbooks Sue To Stop Chicago’s New Licensing Requirement DraftKings, FanDuel, and others are crying foul over last-minute budget additions. by Amanda Christovich Share Link Copied NCAA Won’t Grant Eligibility to Players With NBA Contracts The NCAA “will not” grant eligibility to players who’ve signed NBA contracts. by Margaret Fleming Share Link Copied Stefon Diggs Faces Assault, Strangulation Charges Diggs’s attorney said the alleged incident “did not occur.” by David Rumsey Share Link Copied CFP Quarterfinal Tickets Cheaper Than Campus Games—Again An intriguing financial trend is developing in the College Football Playoff. by Eric Fisher Share Link Copied Black Monday Nears: Several NFL Coaches Face Uncertainty Several NFL head coaches are increasingly on the hot seat. by Alex Schiffer Share Link Copied CFP Showdown: Cignetti’s and DeBoer’s Rise to Megadeals Indiana has given Cignetti three contracts in two years. by Ben Horney Share Link Copied Why Polymarket Has Avoided Legal Pushback So Far Regulators have taken a wait-and-see approach since Polymarket’s U.S. relaunch. by Ryan Glasspiegel Share Link Copied ESPN Employee Didn’t Break Rules in $1M DraftKings Win ESPN researcher Mackenzie Kraemer didn’t break company rules, a source told FOS. Front Office Sports Today What Will Be the Top Sports Event of 2026? 1x 0:00 by Margaret Fleming Share Link Copied Coaches ‘Just Want To Know the Rules’ on NCAA Eligibility Chaos College coaches blasted the NCAA after revealing its recent eligibility stance. by Annie Costabile Share Link Copied Emerging Women’s Sports Leagues Kept Expanding in 2025 Beyond the WNBA and NWSL, women’s sports kept growing. Sponsored Share Link Copied The Hidden Tech Behind Every Touchdown Nearly two-thirds of NFL stadiums already rely on Cisco networks, and the Super Bowl will showcase the full scale of the partnership. by David Rumsey , Eric Fisher , Alex Schiffer , and Annie Costabile Share Link Copied 7 Big Questions for 7 Pro Sports Leagues in 2026 Leagues are facing questions that will shape their impact going into 2026. Sponsored Share Link Copied 20 Years of Coastal Cool: How Johnnie-O Became a Force in Golf, Lifestyle, and Licensed Sports A style movement powering one of the fastest-growing brands in sports and lifestyle. Videos Pablo Torre, Diana Taurasi, and More—Best Conversations from 2025 ESPN RedZone, Barstool’s Big Change, Michael Jordan Returns: Biggest Sports Media Stories of the Year Gambling Scandals, Trump, and NCAA Changes: How 2025 Shaped Future of Sports College Sports 2025 Roundup and 2026 Look-Ahead CFP Preview: Is this DeBoer’s Last Game at Alabama? | WNBA Players Vote to Authorize Strike Explaining Kalshi’s Transfer Portal Market | More Michigan Firings Coming After Moore Scandal? Exclusives exclusive by David Rumsey Gooch Getting LIV Extension, but Ownership Stake Unresolved Gooch is becoming the new captain of the Smash GC team. exclusive by Bradford William Davis MLB Teams Fear League Will Pick Winners and Losers in Tech One company under consideration was founded by a top MLB exec’s uncle. exclusive by Ben Horney Blackhawks Are First Pro Team to Make Direct Deal With Kalshi The deal builds on Kalshi’s existing partnership with the NHL. exclusive by Daniel Kaplan Men’s and Women’s Pro Tennis Tour Merger Still Far From Finished The sides have been discussing a commercial merger for years. exclusive December 19, 2025 Commissions, Retainer Fees, Exclusivity: Inside Big 12 PE Proposal The firms would earn a commission for any partnerships or sponsorship deals. exclusive December 18, 2025 Netflix Paying Barstool 8 Figures Per Year Amid Podcast Push The biggest paid streamer is getting serious about podcasts. exclusive December 15, 2025 ESPN Hires New Top Editor Roxanna Scott is a USA Today veteran and comes from The Athletic. exclusive December 11, 2025 FloSports Buys Lucas Oil Stock Dirt Racing Series Dirt racing was a major audience driver on FloSports this year. Asset Class Sponsored by Private equity. Athlete-backed ventures. Billion-dollar deals. The sports industry isn’t just entertainment—it’s a high-stakes asset class. Front Office Sports breaks down the business moves shaping the future of sports. Read More by Ben Horney Sportsbooks Sue To Stop Chicago’s New Licensing Requirement DraftKings, FanDuel, and others are crying foul over last-minute budget additions. by Ben Horney Why Polymarket Has Avoided Legal Pushback So Far Regulators have taken a wait-and-see approach since Polymarket’s U.S. relaunch. by Ben Horney ‘Why Not the Dodgers?’: How Billie Jean King Became an LA Owner “Getting involved with the Dodgers literally changed our lives,” Ilana Kloss says. by Ben Horney Ben Simmons Buys a Sport Fishing Team “I think I can really help this league grow,” Simmons told FOS. Women’s Sports In Partnership With Stay updated on the latest developments across the WNBA, NWSL, and NCAA, as well as profiles of trailblazing athletes and the trends shaping the future of women’s sports. Immerse yourself in groundbreaking deals, historic viewership milestones, and captivating stories that highlight the business impact and growing influence of women’s sports. Read More by Annie Costabile Emerging Women’s Sports Leagues Kept Expanding in 2025 Beyond the WNBA and NWSL, women’s sports kept growing. by Margaret Fleming ‘No Media Here’: UCLA Women’s Coach Rips Lack of Coverage Her comments started a wider debate about women’s college hoops coverage. by Annie Costabile The Year of A’ja Wilson No one in basketball had a bigger year. by Annie Costabile The Year of the WNBA’s Existential Fight The CBA loomed over everything in 2025. Featured Stories Featured Stories by Meredith Turits Hockey Needed Some Virality. Then Came ‘Heated Rivalry’ No one was prepared for the Canadian show’s smash success. exclusive by Bradford William Davis MLB Teams Fear League Will Pick Winners and Losers in Tech One company under consideration was founded by a top MLB exec’s uncle. by Meredith Turits What It Takes to Pull Off Florida’s First Outdoor NHL Game The Rangers will face the Panthers in Miami’s first NHL Winter Classic. by Sam Blum How Pickleball Became One Massive Private Equity Rollup Pickleball roads lead back to billionaire Tom Dundon. Media by Margaret Fleming ‘No Media Here’: UCLA Women’s Coach Rips Lack of Coverage Her comments started a wider debate about women’s college hoops coverage. December 29, 2025 Sports Media Winners and Losers of 2025 Who was up and who was down in sports media this year? December 29, 2025 Liam McHugh Says ‘NHL on TNT’ Is ‘Like a Hockey Locker Room’ McHugh talked to FOS ahead of the Winter Classic in Miami. December 25, 2025 Barkley Calls ‘Greedy’ NFL ‘Pigs’ for Christmas Day Games Barkley said Christmas should be for the NBA. December 24, 2025 Brady Getting Better Reviews in Year 2 on Fox A veteran Fox NFL producer told FOS what has improved. December 24, 2025 Hockey Needed Some Virality. Then Came ‘Heated Rivalry’ No one was prepared for the Canadian show’s smash success. December 23, 2025 Biggest Sports Media Talent Moves of 2025 Netflix jumped into the sports podcast business. December 23, 2025 Say It Ain’t So, Pat: Is McAfee Ending Kicking Contest? The College GameDay star hinted it was the last kick on Saturday. The Business of  Football Sponsored by Welcome to The Business of Football, where cutting-edge strategies and high-value partnerships converge. Explore transformative deals and strategic maneuvers as our analysis guides you through the intersection of football and business for a nuanced understanding of the game outside the lines. Learn more about The Business of Football by Margaret Fleming Stefon Diggs Faces Assault, Strangulation Charges Diggs’s attorney said the alleged incident “did not occur.” by David Rumsey CFP Quarterfinal Tickets Cheaper Than Campus Games—Again An intriguing financial trend is developing in the College Football Playoff. by Eric Fisher Black Monday Nears: Several NFL Coaches Face Uncertainty Several NFL head coaches are increasingly on the hot seat. by Alex Schiffer CFP Showdown: Cignetti’s and DeBoer’s Rise to Megadeals Indiana has given Cignetti three contracts in two years. Law by Margaret Fleming Stefon Diggs Faces Assault, Strangulation Charges Diggs’s attorney said the alleged incident “did not occur.” by Ben Horney Terry Rozier Says Feds Overreached in Gambling Prosecution Rozier argues the evidence against him is weak. by Margaret Fleming Grand Slam Track Owes More Than $31 Million, New Filings Show The league proposed a deal with Winners Alliance for a $2.9M loan. by Ryan Glasspiegel and Ben Horney Mike Tyson, Ric Flair Sue Ex-Partners in Weed Business for $50M The suit names three former execs whose company distributed the stars’ products. Deals by Ben Horney Twins’ New Investments Value Club at $1.75 Billion The Twins have also announced a succession plan. November 27, 2025 Patrick Mahomes Deepens His Adidas Ties, Debuts Golf Gear Line Mahomes extends Adidas deal and launches his own branded golf apparel line. November 18, 2025 Callaway Offloads Topgolf in $1.1 Billion Sale to PE Firm The deal unwinds Topgolf’s 2020 merger with Callaway. September 29, 2025 Saudis, Silver Lake, and Jared Kushner Take EA Private in $55B Deal Electronic Arts makes “Madden,” “EA Sports College Football,” and more. Teams by David Rumsey Patriots Continue Makeover With First Post-Belichick Division Title The 13–3 Patriots are in contention for the AFC’s top seed. December 28, 2025 Bears, Broncos Cap Fast Resets With Titles As Stadium Questions Linger Chicago clinched the NFC North after the Packers lost to the Ravens. December 23, 2025 Chiefs’ New Stadium Site Is Set. Now It’s Royals’ Turn The MLB club is also looking on both sides of the Missouri-Kansas border. December 23, 2025 PE Bought an F1 Team For Just $200M. It’s Not Selling Williams is now valued at over $2 billion. December 19, 2025 Rockets Owners in Talks to Buy and Move WNBA’s Sun The Rockets lost out on WNBA expansion but want the Sun. December 19, 2025 The Seahawks’ $100M Sam Darnold Bet Is Paying Off Seattle signed the free-agent quarterback last offseason. December 18, 2025 Penguins Sale Would End a Disappointing 4-Year Run Under FSG An ownership era with high hopes has been marked with underachievement. December 17, 2025 Knicks Won’t Hang NBA Cup Banner After All The Lakers and Bucks both raised banners after winning the tournament. Leagues by Eric Fisher Black Monday Nears: Several NFL Coaches Face Uncertainty Several NFL head coaches are increasingly on the hot seat. by David Rumsey NFL Playoff Seeding Questions Back in Spotlight As Week 18 Looms Fighting for playoff seeding is important to every team. by Eric Fisher NHL Playoff Race: Why Almost Every Team Is Still in the Hunt Only five teams in the league have a points percentage below .500. by Annie Costabile Emerging Women’s Sports Leagues Kept Expanding in 2025 Beyond the WNBA and NWSL, women’s sports kept growing. by Margaret Fleming The Legal Scandals That Plagued the NBA in 2025 The NBA and players faced federal indictments, lawsuits, and other off-court drama. exclusive December 29, 2025 Gooch Getting LIV Extension, but Ownership Stake Unresolved Gooch is becoming the new captain of the Smash GC team. December 29, 2025 How a Famed Golf Course Architect Designs Holes for Tiger’s TGL Gil Hanse is designing multiple holes for Season 2 of TGL. Newsletters December 31, 2025 NFL Coaches Brace for Black Monday Also: Ticket prices for the CFP quarterfinals are lower than the first round. Sign up for our newsletters Start and end your day with FOS in your inbox. Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * Subscribe Δ This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Preview the latest newsletter December 30, 2025 Coaches Criticize NCAA Chaos Also: Questions about the NFL’s playoff seeding structure are sparking debate. December 30, 2025 CFP Chases Ratings Bounce Also: Talor Gooch agrees to a three-year contract extension with LIV Golf. December 29, 2025 NFL Week 18 Sets Up TV Gold Also: Workers at Fenway Park ended a yearlong contract dispute. December 29, 2025 How Bears, Broncos Flipped Script Also: Tom Izzo blasts the current state of college basketball: “Shame on the NCAA.” December 28, 2025 Biggest Qs for Pro Leagues in 2026 Leagues are facing big questions that will shape their impact going into 2026. Front Office Sports covers the influence of sports on business and culture. Front Office Sports Column 1 Homepage Newsletters Videos Events Column 2 Learning Games Shop Company Column 1 About Us Newsroom Advertise Company News Press Column 2 Studios Careers Contact Submit a Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Front Office Sports. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Manager Sign up for our daily newsletter. The biggest stories and best analysis on the business of sports. The Memo is your must-read bulletin, delivered to your inbox twice every weekday and twice on weekends. URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * Subscribe Δ This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. ×