Fronius International Corporate EN About Fronius Business Units Career Info Centre Contact Service & Support Downloads Corporate Search Open We are Fronius. Authentic. Human. Innovative. Solar Energy Perfect Welding Perfect Charging Quality that lasts for generations. Around 6,700 employees worldwide, a current
export share of 90 per cent and 1,752 active patents: that’s us, that’s
Fronius. Founded in 1945 as a regional one-man business, we are now a global
player – a fact that is impressively demonstrated by our 37 international
subsidiaries and our network of sales partners in more than 60 countries. And
yet, at our core, we are still a family-owned company from Austria active in
the electrical and electronics industry. How it all began The history of Fronius began in 1945. Discover our history This is what we stand for A passion for new technologies, intensive research and revolutionary solutions: this is what Fronius has stood for since 1945. Our Fronius values Our locations Fronius products are in demand worldwide thanks to their high quality. Explore Fronius worldwide Company tours at Fronius Experience Fronius up close. On site or on a virtual tour. Visit Fronius ‘You have to learn something, you have to be able to do something, and you have to want something – then you will achieve something in life.’ Günther Fronius, 1907-2015 Current developments Reserva – The Fronius Storage Solution Use solar energy around the clock with the Fronius Reserva. The high-voltage battery with DC coupling ensures highly efficient energy transfer. Thanks to its modular capacity of 6.3 to 15.8 kWh, it adapts flexibly to your needs. Perfectly matched to Fronius hybrid inverters, it integrates perfectly into your PV system. Your data remains secure on European servers, while our proven service & support team is always there for you. More about Fronius Reserva iWave - The all-rounder in automated welding Top quality for every weld and every material: thanks to new technologies, iWave offers advantages for more targeted heat input, significantly improved ignition, and therefore maximum control over the arc. Cold wire TIG welding made easy: with DynamicWire, key challenges of TIG cold-wire welding, such as gap bridging and quickly identifying the right parameters, are incredibly simple. Process control is elevated to a new level. iWave for automated welding solutions Fronius as an Employer As a family company, Fronius thinks in generational terms and strives to be a stable employer that enjoys long-term success. We want to use the energy of our employees more effectively. With their knowledge, skills, attitude and motivation, they provide the foundations for our growth. Jobs at Fronius Career at Fronius 80 Years Fronius New Sustainability Fronius International GmbH About Fronius Info Centre FAQ Online Tools Career Contact Information in accordance with the EU-DATA ACT Perfect Welding World of Welding Products & Services Innovative Solutions Inside Fronius Contact Downloads Solar Energy Home Owners Business Owners Installers & Partners About Us Contact Newsletter Perfect Charging About Perfect Charging Intralogistics Car Workshop Equipment Products & Solutions Contact Corporate Perfect Welding Solar Energy Perfect Charging Imprint Terms and Conditions Data privacy statement Code of Conduct Code of Conduct for Business Partners Cookie Policy Whistleblower © 2025 Fronius International GmbH Sales International Froniusplatz 1 , 4600 Wels Phone: +43 7242 241 0 Fax: +43 7242 241 3013 contact@fronius.com