Frontier Networks provides Broadband, VOIP, Colocation Services Skip to main content Menu Solutions Business Broadband Business Internet Plans Network Security – SASE & SDWAN Starlink Business Voice Hosted Voice (HPBX) Microsoft Teams Voice SIP Channels Colocation Music for Business Physical Security Roll Out Services Use Cases Small and Medium Sized Businesses Small and Medium Sized Businesses Remote Worker / VPN Quick Service and Fast Casual Restaurants Solutions for Quick Service Chains Guest WIFI Business IPTV Large Enterprise Corporate Stores and Franchise Locations Temporary Internet for POP Up Retail & Venues Disaster Recovery Internet Service Partners Partner Programs MSP Partner Program Channel Partners Carrier & Wholesale Support Custom Support Trouble Reporting Escalate Support Ticket Support Portal Developer Resources Application Programming Interface (API) Contact Us Connect With Us Get Quote Partnership Inquiry MSP Partnership Inquiry About Who We Are Message from the CEO Meet the Team Careers 1.866.833.2323 Close Search One Trusted Vendor. One Bill. One Support Number. Guaranteed business connectivity without vendor complexity Talk to An Expert We simplify connectivity, so you don’t have to Carrier-Agnostic Freedom As a carrier-agnostic national provider, we’re not tied to any single network or technology. This freedom allows us to offer the best solution for your specific needs, whether that’s fiber, wireless, satellite, or hybrid connectivity across Canada and the USA Solutions That Actually Work We never lose sight of our ultimate aim, keeping people connected. We create broadband, VoIP, colocation and physical security solutions that solve real world problems. With our extensive carrier relationships and national reach, we have a solution for every connectivity challenge. Your Way, Not Ours Our client-first attitude and relentless pursuit to create a better way – your better way – is what makes us distinctive in a sea of ‘one-size-fits-all’ mentalities. We don’t force you into predetermined packages; we design solutions that fit your business perfectly Contact Us HOW WE ARE DIFFERENT Single Accountability One vendor for everything. One bill. One support number. When issues arise, we fix them – no finger- pointing, no vendor coordination required. Complete ownership of your connectivity infrastructure. Proven Results Our customers trust us to scale their businesses. Growing companies choose Frontier for expansion projects because our solutions are built to grow with your needs. Expert Support Direct access to connectivity experts, not call center scripting. Local market knowledge and business understanding. Partnership approach over transactional service delivery. How we're different Single Accountability One vendor for everything. One bill. One support number. When issues arise, we fix them – no finger- pointing, no vendor coordination required. Complete ownership of your connectivity infrastructure. Proven Results Our customers trust us to scale their businesses. Growing companies choose Frontier for expansion projects because our solutions are built to grow with your needs. Expert Support Direct access to connectivity experts, not call center scripting. Local market knowledge and business understanding. Partnership approach over transactional service delivery. Complete Connectivity Solutions Everything your business needs from a single partner Business Internet Voice Systems Network Security Colocation Partner Programs Business Internet Explore Business Broadband High-speed fiber, wireless, satellite (including Starlink), and backup connectivity across Canada and US Voice Systems Explore Voice Systems Cloud PBX, Microsoft Teams integration, and SIP channels for seamless communication Network Security Explore Network Security Advanced monitoring, threat protection, and unified security management Colocation Explore Colocation Secure data center hosting with direct network access across North America Partner Programs Explore Partner Programs Carrier, wholesale, and reseller partnerships for extended network reach Businesses That Made the Switch Real results from vendor consolidation “ Frontier Networks has been our vendor for over a decade now. We appreciate predictable rates and their commitment to service levels. Up-time matters to our operations, and they ensure that we are always on. John Chief Financial Officer “ Frontier Networks is an excellent resource for our business. Their team is accessible, and we don't feel rushed when talking to them about our network or requirements when connecting our locations. Eric IT Manager “ Frontier takes care of all of our needs. We don't have time to think about IT and our connections. It's "go-time" daily, and they ensure we are always up. Susan Franchise Owner “ Frontier Networks is part of our winning formula for a new franchise and corporate store locations. They handle all requirements (Internet, backup connection, Wireless / Wi-Fi, Networking Equipment (Routers, Switches) and even in-location music. In addition, if our Franchisee has a problem, they simply contact the Network Op's Centre, and Frontier works in the background. Frank Franchise Development Manager “ Frontier has become a trusted partner to ensure our ongoing compliance with our PCI requirements for our business. In addition, we utilize security licenses, and Unified Threat Protection Management (UTM) licenses to keep our network and data safe and secure. Scott Security Analyst “ When we decided to get rid of our Phone System at the office and move to the "Cloud," Frontier struck us as a great choice. We tried some of the "over the Internet" choices, but when we moved to Frontier, everything just worked. Cory Voice Admin “ We use Frontier Network's Colocation facilities for our critical off-site data and servers. We love working with them. Their space is fantastic, and the rates are excellent. Unfortunately, our previous provider continually increased them, and Frontier's are flat. That is why we moved. Ryan Facilities Manager “ I trust these guys. My team is happy with them. We've made a great choice. There is a difference between the Boutique and the Large Phone Company. These guys want our business, and they prove it every day. Edward Chief Executive Officer Ready to eliminate vendor complexity? Talk to An Expert Escalate A Ticket Call Our Team SEE THE DIFFERENCE FOR YOUR BUSINESS Ready to eliminate vendor complexity? See the difference for your business Talk to An Expert Escalate A Ticket Call Our Team Regulatory Privacy Policy 911 Calling Tips 911 Service Explanation Law Enforcement Toll Fraud – Ways to prevent it Accessibility Plan Helpful Links Who We Are © Frontier Networks Inc. 2025 twitter linkedin instagram Close Menu Solutions Business Broadband Business Internet Plans Network Security – SASE & SDWAN Starlink Business Voice Hosted Voice (HPBX) Microsoft Teams Voice SIP Channels Colocation Music for Business Physical Security Roll Out Services Use Cases Small and Medium Sized Businesses Small and Medium Sized Businesses Remote Worker / VPN Quick Service and Fast Casual Restaurants Solutions for Quick Service Chains Guest WIFI Business IPTV Large Enterprise Corporate Stores and Franchise Locations Temporary Internet for POP Up Retail & Venues Disaster Recovery Internet Service Partners Partner Programs MSP Partner Program Channel Partners Carrier & Wholesale Support Custom Support Trouble Reporting Escalate Support Ticket Support Portal Developer Resources Application Programming Interface (API) Contact Us Connect With Us Get Quote Partnership Inquiry MSP Partnership Inquiry About Who We Are Message from the CEO Meet the Team Careers 1.866.833.2323 twitter linkedin youtube instagram phone email Frontier Networks Inc. 1.866.833.2323