froxlor Server Management Panel - Froxlor Home Explore Features Screenshots Team Buy managed server Get Started Documentation Community Discord GitHub Forum English Deutsch froxlor.com 2.3.2 froxlor The lightweight server management software for your needs. Developed by experienced server administrators, this open source (GPL) panel simplifies the effort of managing your hosting platform. Get Started Demo Features New in version 2 We have included many significant improvements. Among them are the new design, simplified installation, improved security features, and automation. Share the love and tell your friends about froxlor! Get Started Features Discover the new UI of froxlor We have completely revamped and improved the front end with many new features and improvements. It is now modern and available in light and dark mode. You also can customize the design using Twig and always create your own. See our Demo Features Let's automate froxlor! The installation can now be done fully automatically via the CLI, so you can automatically deploy froxlor instances. After the installation, you can manage froxlor via the API. See our documentation Features Migrate today! If you already have a froxlor 0.9 or 0.10 version, you can use it to go to version 2 by running the updater in froxlor. Get help with the new documentation, and feel free to ask us questions on our Discord server. See our migration guide Features Fast, reliable and cost-free. Modern UI & UX Design Our user-interface design is based on Bootstrap 5 and is fully responsive and mobile friendly. Easy Installation The new installation process is fully rewritten and is much more stable. Get ready in seconds. Multiple MySQL Servers Add multiple MySQL servers to froxlor and assign them to customers. SSL enabled by default All new installations will have SSL enabled by default. You can still disable it if you want to. PHP-FPM enabled by default All new installations will have PHP-FPM enabled by default. You can still change it to FCID or mod_php. Versatile CLI Tool The CLI tool is based on Symfony Console and offers a lot of new features. Bookworm & Noble Support Froxlor now supports Debian 12 (Bookworm) and Ubuntu 24.04 (Noble). Support for PHP 8 The panel itself is now written in PHP 7.4 and is fully compatible with PHP 8. Antispam built-in Antispam function based on rspamd, configurable individually for each email account. See more... Sponsors The lightweight server management software for your needs. Developed by experienced server administrators, this open source (GPL) panel simplifies the effort of managing your hosting platform. General Download Installation Screenshots About Us Team Imprint froxlor.com Helpful resources Documentation GitHub Discord Forum © 2022-present froxlor Team - All rights reserved. with in Germany - Web illustrations by Storyset