Think better. Decide better. Live better. Skip to main content Skip to header right navigation Skip to site footer Farnam Street Mastering the best of what other people have already figured out Search... Search site Submit search Menu Newsletter Books Podcast Articles Search Search site Submit search Log In Become a Member Timeless Wisdom for Work and Life Join nearly 1 million people who start their week with my free newsletter. Read the whole thing in under 5 minutes. Bonus: Download Chapter 1 of my instant New York Times best-selling book, Clear Thinking: Turning Ordinary Moments into Extraordinary Results As seen on: “The highest density of wisdom per episode of any podcast.” The Knowledge Project is your key to understanding how the world’s most successful people think, decide, and solve problems. Listen now on Apple Podcasts More Options Spotify Overcast g id="Pocket-Casts-Roundel---Red"> Pocket Casts RSS Recent podcast episodes: Pierre Poilievre on the Role of Government, Freedom, and Affordability The Outlier Playbook: The Patterns Behind Enduring Success Be Your Best in 2026: The Most Important Lessons from The Knowledge Project (2025) Bernie Marcus: The Home Depot Story How to Think Like a World-Class Marketer | Rory Sutherland See all episodes Books Timeless Wisdom That Helps You Succeed in Life and Work. Clear Thinking: Turning Ordinary Moments into Extraordinary Results A proven framework for thinking clearly, no matter the situation. Order Now or Learn more The Great Mental Models Series The Great Mental Models series is the clearest way to change the way you see the world, avoid problems before they happen, and make better decisions. Order Now or Learn more FS members Think better. Make smarter progress in your life and career. Find your focus. Become a Farnam Street Member Ad-Free Versions of The Knowledge Project Early Access to Episodes Hand-Edited Transcripts Support our efforts. Courses to Master Your Productivity Ask Me Anything (AMA) Sessions Subscriber-Only Content +Extra Bonuses! Articles Mental Models Decision Making Learning Book Recommendations All Articles Podcast Latest Episodes Organized by Theme ChatBot Books Clear Thinking The Great Mental Models All Books Newsletter Archive Sign Up About About Shane Speaking Inquire about Sponsorship © 2025 Farnam Street Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress . Hosted by Pressable . See our Privacy Policy . We’re Syrus Partners . We buy amazing businesses. Farnam Street participates in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising commissions by linking to Amazon.