Skip to main content
Main navigation
About us
Work with us
News & perspectives
Tools & resources
FSC Connect
Local FSC teams
EN
Search
Take Action →
FSC / Jonathan Perugia
Introducing FSC Trace

FSC Trace is a secure traceability platform designed to share and verify transaction data within FSC supply chains. Certificate Holders can now access core features, while we continue shaping advanced capabilities for 2026 and beyond.

Explore FSC Trace
We lead on sustainable forest management worldwide

We set the gold standard for responsible forest management. Our diverse ecosystem of stakeholders is changing the way forests are valued and managed, because that’s what stewards do.

See how FSC promotes healthy and resilient forests
FSC Certification
Trusted worldwide

FSC Certification connects your business to the leading global standard for responsible forest management, giving you credibility with consumers, clients, and regulators.

Become certified
Many voices
One Assembly

Over 700 global stakeholders gathered in Panama for the FSC General Assembly 2025 to make strategic decisions on the future of responsible forestry.

Learn the outcomes
Real safeguards for forest ecosystems

The FSC Ecosystem Service Procedure has helped Arauco in Chile verify its positive impacts on ecotourism services, helping to protect a severely threatened coastal rainforest.
 

 

 

Take me to Chile Read more FSC stories
FSC / Jonathan Perugia
Introducing FSC Trace

FSC Trace is a secure traceability platform designed to share and verify transaction data within FSC supply chains. Certificate Holders can now access core features, while we continue shaping advanced capabilities for 2026 and beyond.

Explore FSC Trace
We lead on sustainable forest management worldwide

We set the gold standard for responsible forest management. Our diverse ecosystem of stakeholders is changing the way forests are valued and managed, because that’s what stewards do.

See how FSC promotes healthy and resilient forests
1
2
3
4
5
Certification
EUDR
Labels
Logo use
Standards
Documents
The future of forests is in our hands
Video file
All in for forests

Just as we depend on forests, forests depend on us. At the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) we unite individuals, businesses, governments, and NGOs under a common goal: protecting healthy, resilient forests for all, forever. 

FSC is a non-profit organization, providing trusted solutions to help safeguard the world’s forests and tackle today’s deforestation, climate, and biodiversity challenges.

Become a forest steward today.

Individuals Businesses Forest managers Governments NGOs
FSC / Emilio White
FSC / Jonathan Perugia
Already part of the FSC system?

Certified organizations, licence holders, and other engaged stakeholders can find tools, resources, and data on FSC Connect.

Explore FSC Connect
Keep track of open consultations, innovations, integrity cases and more.
Visit FSC Connect →
FSC / Célio Cavalcante Filho
From the heart of the Amazon
Read the story →
Namibia's Thorny Problem
Read more →
FSC / Jonathan Perugia
Safeguarding Romania’s forests
Read the story →
FSC / Emilio White
When forests flourish, we all do

Our lives depend on forests. They purify the air we breathe, filter the water we drink, and supply countless products we use every day. 

See how forests impact all of us and learn how responsible forestry can help fight climate change, protect biodiversity, and support communities. 

Why forests matter →
FSC / Bablu Singh
Building a world where forests and people thrive

We set the standard for responsible forestry worldwide. Our diverse ecosystem of stakeholders is changing the way forests are valued and managed, because that’s what stewards do.  

Who we are →
Video file
A label for positive change

Our “check tree” label can be found on millions of products and stands alone as the most trusted mark for responsible forestry. Recognized by 52% of consumers worldwide,1 it verifies sustainable sourcing from forest to consumer.

What our label stands for
FSC Brazil
FSC / Edward Parker
Ensuring Forests For All, Forever
FSC / Fabian Farkas
Answer the call of the forest

FSC members are at the center of everything we do. They represent social, environmental, and economic interests working together to define our responsible forestry standards.    

Ready to do your part? Join us in our mission to ensure healthy, resilient forests worldwide.   

Become a member →
FSC / Jjumba Martin
Recognizing the true value of forests

Certification is just one of the ways we’re supporting healthy, resilient forests. See how we’re measuring the true value of forests and learn how you can support sustainable forest management.

Learn more →
Instagram
X
Facebook
LinkedIn
TikTok
YouTube
Become a forest steward
We all have a role to play in protecting the future of our forests. Learn how you can join the FSC
ecosystem and start making a difference today.
Individuals →
Businesses →
Forest Managers →

1: Ipsos Global Consumer Recognition Study, 2025

Forest Stewardship Council International
Questions? Contact Us
     
Stay informed.
Sign up for our newsletter
Explore
Standards Transparency
Why Forests Matter
Our History
Explore Certification
What the FSC Labels Mean
Governance
FSC Indigenous Foundation
FSC Standards
Current Processes
Chain of Custody
FSC Standards
System Integrity
Case Management
Current cases
Report a problem
Quick links
Document Centre
Members Portal
View All Tools
News Centre
Stories from the Forest
Careers
Donate
Facts & Figures

Forest Stewardship Council® - FSC® F000100 

Legal Notice & Privacy PolicyManage CookiesProtecting FSC Trademarks© 2025 Forest Stewardship Council.