​
We support your freedom!

The free software community has always thwarted the toughest challenges facing freedom in technology. This winter season, we want to thank the many individuals and projects that have helped us get where we are today: a world where a growing number of users are able to do their computing in full freedom.

Our work isn't over. We have so much more to do. Help us reach our fundraising goal of $400,000 USD by January 1, 2026 to help the FSF remain strong and independent, and empower users everywhere.

Donate | Read more

 Join
 Renew
 Donate
Log in Help! Members forum
about campaigns licensing membership resources community ♥donate♥ shop 
search

The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is a nonprofit with a worldwide mission to promote computer user freedom.

FEATURED
Problems with lax licenses, FSF President Ian Kelling, and more in the winter 2025 Bulletin
FEATURED
Why buy when you can learn and repair? Read our Giving Guide
Free software means that the users have the freedom to run, edit, contribute to, and share the software. Thus, free software is a matter of liberty, not price. We have been defending the rights of all software users for the past 39 years. Help sustain us for many more; become an associate member today.

Subscribe to our monthly newsletter, the Free Software Supporter:

 
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Share
 
Mastodon
 
Twitter
 
Peertube
OUR INITIATIVES

Defective by Design is a grassroots campaign to eliminate Digital Restrictions Management (DRM) in media and devices.

Read the Email Self-Defense Guide to get started with email encryption, a skill necessary to combat bulk surveillance.

The End Software Patents initiative fights to abolish software patents around the world.

Join us in calling for a Web that respects our freedom by being compatible with free software and stand up against nonfree JavaScript.

The Free Software Directory is a collaborative catalog of computer programs and apps that are fully free.

The GNU operating system is a continuously evolving, complete operating system made entirely of free software.

LibrePlanet is our global network of free software activism, including events like our annual conference, and online collaboration spaces.

The Licensing and Compliance Lab is the preeminent resource for public education on licensing best practices and enforcing the GPL.

The "Respects Your Freedom" program certifies retailers who sell hardware in a manner that respects the rights of their users.

"This community that we have, that we're building, that does so much, has to grow. We can't compete with Apple, we can't compete with Google, directly, in the field of resources. What we can eventually do is head count and heart count. We can compete on the ground of ideology because ours is better."

-- Edward Snowden, NSA whistleblower, speaking at LibrePlanet 2016.

TAKE ACTION
Attend a free software meetup
Volunteer for the FSF and GNU
Collaborate with us to build the freedom ladder
Make the switch to free software
Contribute to the FSF
BULLETIN
Meet FSF President Ian Kelling
New Nintendo DRM bans consoles, makes users beg for forgiveness
Why you shouldn't use a lax license for your next free software program
Introducing Mission:Libre, a new project for teens
Don’t be fooled by Amazon’s claims that Ring video doorbells give you freedom and security

Read the current issue of the Bulletin and check out the archives.
FSF40

Join us in celebrating 40 years of fighting for software freedom!

BLOG | NEWS | EVENTS
Everyone brings something to the table

Join us in thanking the people and projects who make free software possible

Free Software Foundation receives historic private donations

Boston, Massachusetts, USA (Wednesday, December 24, 2025) -- The Free Software Foundation (FSF) today announced it received two major contributions totaling around $900,000 USD.

Revive the winter ghost story with the tale of ShoeTool

Take a seat and join us for a winter holiday ghost story.

Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, January 2, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC)

Join the FSF and friends on Friday, January 2 from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory.

Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, January 9, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC)

Join the FSF and friends on Friday, January 9 from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory.

Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, December 26, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC)

Join the FSF and friends on Friday, December 26 from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory.

We can't advocate for freedom without your help
Your digital life isn't yours: The hidden battle for software freedom
FSD meeting recap 2025-12-12

Check out the important work our volunteers accomplished at Friday's Free Software Directory (FSD) IRC meeting.

Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, December 19, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC)

Join the FSF and friends on Friday, December 19 from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory.

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — learn about our history and work.

Copyright © 2004-2025 Free Software Foundation, Inc. Privacy Policy.

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 3.0 license (or later version) — Why this license?

About
Staff and Board
Contact Us
Press Information
Jobs
Volunteering and Internships
History
Privacy Policy
JavaScript Licenses
Hardware Database
Free Software Directory
Free Software Resources
Copyright Infringement Notification
Campaigns
Freedom Ladder
Fight to Repair
Free JavaScript
High Priority Free Software Projects
Secure Boot vs Restricted Boot
Surveillance
Upgrade from Windows
Working Together for Free Software
GNU Operating System
Defective by Design
End Software Patents
OpenDocument
Free BIOS
Connect with free software users
Licensing
Education
Licenses
GNU GPL
GNU AGPL
GNU LGPL
GNU FDL
Licensing FAQ
Compliance
How to use GNU licenses
for your own software
Latest News
Upcoming Events
FSF Blogs
Donate to the FSF
Join the FSF
Patrons
Associate Members
My Account
Working Together for Free Software Fund
Philosophy
The Free Software Definition
Copyleft: Pragmatic Idealism
Free Software and Free Manuals
Selling Free Software
Motives for Writing Free Software
The Right To Read
Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software
Complete Sitemap
Plone
Zope
Python
CiviCRM
HTML5
1PC9aZC4hNX2rmmrt7uHTfYAS3hRbph4UN