FSFE - Free Software Foundation Europe × Translate this page? Česky Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português Türkçe Українська Free Software Foundation Europe Go to: Menu Content Page info Donate About Activities Contribute Latest News Upcoming Events Podcast Press Login Change language Become an FSFE supporter today so we reach our long term vision that: Everyone has the right to remove and install any software on any of their devices! All public funding for software is used for Free Software only! All regulatory frameworks encourage the use and development of Free Software. Licensing and legal decisions are based on facts, rather than fear, uncertainty, and doubt. Young people have the opportunity to tinker, experiment and code with Free Software as the default. Donate Now Free Software Foundation Europe Free Software Foundation Europe is a charity that empowers users to
        control technology. Software is deeply involved in all aspects of our lives. Free Software
        gives everybody the rights to use, understand, adapt, and share
        software. These rights help support other fundamental rights like
        freedom of speech, freedom of press, and privacy. Learn more... SFP#43: It is Youth Hacking 4 Freedom! Software Freedom Podcast Have you heard about this wonderful programming competition for teenagers from all over Europe? Haven't you? Join us to find out everything you need to know about "Youth Hacking 4 Freedom"! The role of the Cyber Resilience Act for Free Software News While the implementation of the EU Cyber Resilience Act is currently
underway, several questions remain open, especially regarding its
implications for the Free Software landscape. The relationship between
Free Software projects, potential stewards, and manufacturers hangs only
partially defined, and official guidance will help. Wrapping Up the Year With Free Software at the 39C3 News Once again, the FSFE is heading to the Chaos Communication Congress!
	From 27 until the 30 December, we will be back in Hamburg as part of the
	Bits & Bäume assembly. Over 12.000 people will join us to
	participate in this community event, full of great talks, workshops and
	creatures from all over the world. Swing by, say hi, and warm up with
	some Free Software vibes! Recent News See all news... SFP#43: It is Youth Hacking 4 Freedom! 2025-12-23 The role of the Cyber Resilience Act for Free Software 2025-12-18 Wrapping Up the Year With Free Software at the 39C3 2025-12-16 Subscribe to our email updates. Our experts inform you about current
        news, events, activities, and how you can contribute. (Our Privacy Policy ) Stay informed Upcoming Events See all events... Our Community Get active... If software is licensed as free software, we can audit it, and be sure
      that it does what it's intended to do (and nothing else). Public
      institutions develop software, and hire companies to make it, and the
      citizens should own and reuse all that code. I contribute to Free
      Software with translations, user help desk, finding free software
      alternatives at the University... but I cannot reach the policy-makers,
      nor people and institutions in other countries. Laura Arjona Reina (IT Assistant at Technical University of Madrid and
      Debian contributor) I believe that Free Software can help us change our society fundamentally for the better and I believe the best way to do so is together with other volunteers from all over Europe! Alexandra Busch (IT specialist) Freedom is one of the core values of our Society and one of the basic
      concepts of Democracy. Supporting and spreading Free Software is one way
      to build creative alternatives for social inclusion and to protect our
      citizens from the digital exploitation. We are responsible to build a
      better World as a gift for our future generations. Mauricio Nascimento (Middleware Engineer) Freedom in the information society needs your financial contribution. Become a supporter now Information material Spread the word... Merchandise Get your gear... Event Organisation Learn more... Go to the top Copyright © 2001-2025 Free Software Foundation Europe . Verbatim copying and distribution of this entire article is permitted
    in any medium, provided this notice is preserved. Contact us Jobs Imprint / Privacy Policy / Transparency Commitment FSFE has sister organisations in North America , India and Latin America . Source code Contribute to the Web team Translate this page? JavaScript Licences