The Modern Prop Trading Firm since 2015 | FTMO New Year Flash Sale -20% OFF FTMO Challenge Trading FAQ Blog Academy About Get Started How It Works Become an FTMO Trader Pricing Choose your FTMO Challenge Free Trial Unlimited practice for your strategy Achieve More Scaling Plan Progress towards greater rewards Premium Programme For top-performers How It Works All you need to begin your FTMO journey and start the FTMO Challenge. Trading Essentials Trading Updates Latest changes and information Economic Calendar Key market events in real time Tradable Symbols List of symbols Trading Platforms Choose what suits you best Performance Zone Tools Overview Elevate your trading performance App Suite Discover App Suite by FX Blue Leaderboard Live rankings of top FTMO Traders Performance Coaches For stronger mindset FTMO Academy Gateway to trading Learn with FTMO Financial Markets How markets work globally Putting it all together Build a strategy and start trading How forex markets work What is FOREX? Technical analysis Let´s start with candlesticks Fundamental analysis Data that impact markets More Lessons Psychology Course Develop discipline, manage emotions, and build a resilient trading mindset. Company About Us Learn more about our company Awards Recognitions from the trading world Shop Shop exclusive FTMO merchandise Connect Contact Us 24/7 Support Press Kit Brand assets and media resources Careers Join our team of professionals EN English Čeština Español Italiano Deutsch Português Tiếng Việt Français Log In Get Started Get Started Popular searches How It Works App Suite Leaderboard Economic Calendar FTMO Challenge Get Started How It Works Pricing Free Trial Achieve More Scaling Plan Premium Programme Trading Trading Essentials Trading Updates Economic Calendar Tradable Symbols Trading Platforms Performance Zone Tools Overview App Suite Leaderboard Performance Coaches FAQ Blog Academy FTMO Academy Gateway to trading Financial Markets Putting it all together How forex markets work Technical analysis Fundamental analysis About Company About Us Awards Shop Connect Contact Us Press Kit Careers Search EN English Čeština Español Italiano Deutsch Português Tiếng Việt Français Get Started Log In Modern Prop Trading — Since 2015 Grow & Monetize Your Demo Trading Improve your trading skills on our simulated platform and earn rewards FTMO Challenge Free Trial New Year Flash Sale 20% OFF available on all FTMO Challenges Claim Discount 3.5M+ Customers worldwide 4.8/5 Trustpilot $500M+ Paid in rewards worldwide 140+ Countries served $1,206,225 Biggest simulated profit made $50K+ Top performers gain per month 8 languages Fully translated platform $9.6M+ Paid in a single month 24/7 Support agents in 20 languages Up to $200,000 FTMO Account Support in 20 Languages 4 Trading Platforms Why People Choose FTMO More Power, Less Risk Up to $200K simulated capital Rewards Fast and easy rewards withdrawals Advanced Support Dedicated support via Live chat, email, or WhatsApp Tools & Services Tailored tools & services to support your growth Free Trial As many consecutive Free Trials as you need How It Works Start earning rewards. All it takes is three focused steps. Start FTMO Challenge The FTMO Challenge develops trading skills through structured objectives. Follow Trading Objectives Prove your trading strategy Start FTMO Challenge Verify Verification The Verification tests traders again, but with reduced Profit Target. Easier Profit Target Same ongoing support Same tools & dashboard Get Real-Money Rewards FTMO Account Pass the FTMO Challenge & Verification and progress toward the FTMO Account. Up to 90% of your simulated profits Up to $200,000 FTMO Account Performance Coaching sessions Progress to Premium Programme We’ll guide you step by step How It Works Choose Your FTMO Challenge Complete FTMO’s Trading Objectives to become eligible to gain your demo FTMO Account. Trusted by Millions of Traders 3.5M+ Customers worldwide $500M+ Paid in rewards worldwide 140+ Countries served YouTube • 81K
                                                 Views Maik Germany Rewards Earned $114,907 Trading Style Swing trader YouTube • 62K
                                                 Views Cinthya Ecuador Rewards Earned $41,018 Trading Style Day trader YouTube • 56K
                                                 Views Bjorn Belgium Rewards Earned $40,931 Trading Style Swing trader YouTube • 66K
                                                 Views Tarhata USA Rewards Earned $25,607 Trading Style Day trader YouTube • 459K
                                                 Views Pepijn The Netherlands Rewards Earned $76,000 Trading Style Scalper YouTube • 83K
                                                 Views Andi United Kingdom Rewards Earned $37,676 Trading Style Day trader YouTube • 46K
                                                 Views Fabian USA Rewards Earned $96,649 Trading Style Scalper YouTube • 193K
                                                 Views Choon Chiat Malaysia Rewards Earned $30,182 Trading Style Scalper YouTube • 37K
                                                 Views Ugnius Lithuania Rewards Earned $99,706 Trading Style Day trader YouTube • 119K
                                                 Views Richard Canada Rewards Earned $32,500 Trading Style Swing trader YouTube • 350K
                                                 Views Paul USA Rewards Earned $500,180 Trading Style Scalper Trader Name Show more on Trustpilot Premium Programme Achieve More. Gain More. Welcome to FTMO's Premium Programme, where top performers gain access to exceptional benefits and rewards. Up to $1M FTMO Account Up to 90% of your simulated profits One FREE FTMO Challenge Show more We Support Major Platforms At FTMO, we want to give you options. That’s why we offer the flexibility to tailor your experience and choose between MT4, MT5, DXtrade and cTrader. Pick the professional trading platform that suits you best. Show more Elevate Your Trading with FTMO Learn with FTMO Academy, gain inspiration from our YouTube channel and connect with thousands of traders on Discord. Join our trading community! Academy Expand Your Trading Knowledge With FTMO Academy Enhance your knowledge and learn to understand your ups and downs with our Psychology Course. Expand your trading knowledge Perfect for beginners and intermediate traders Includes the Trading Psychology Course Start course Your browser does not support the video tag. 100K+ Awesome members Join Our FTMO Discord. Trade Smarter. Together. Share in our trading community and get inspired. Start the chat Your browser does not support the video tag. 400K Subscribers Watch. Learn. Trade Get inspired by the stories of successful traders. Learn about trading psychology and stay connected for more trading content! FTMO on Youtube People of FTMO Our modern prop firm grew from a handful of young day traders, including the future founders who pursued the idea in 2015. About Us Careers Since 2015 Team Members 300+ Countries Served 140+ Arabic Czech Spanish French German Hebrew Italian Japanese Polish Portuguese Russian Serbian Swahili Philipino Turkish Ukrainian English Vietnamese Romanian Swedish 60+ Customer Team Members 20 Languages Spoken Available 24/7 Customer Support Our dedicated in-house customer support team is available 24/7. We provide assistance in 20 languages. We ensure fast and reliable support to help you whenever you need it. Chat with us Start the chat E-mail [email protected] Phone +420 910 920 310 Show All Contacts Frequently Asked Questions Find your answers here! How to start? Before you decide to accept an FTMO Challenge, we want to make sure that you know what you are up against. After you sign up, you can either start an FTMO Challenge right away or, as we usually recommend, start with our Free Trial, which is a free version of our FTMO Challenge intended for practicing purposes. In the Free Trial, you will also have the possibility to test some of our Trading Applications and you will also receive a shortened analysis version of your performance in the Free... Read more Who can join FTMO? Apart from the exceptions listed below, we accept clients globally, as depicted in the accompanying map. No specific qualifications are required. All clients must be over the age of 18. Whether you are a beginner or already know your way around trading and are interested in improving yourself, then you’re the person we’re looking for. Whether you're a beginner or already an experienced trader looking to improve, you're welcome to join.  FTMO offers its services worldwide in over 140 countr... Read more I have successfully passed my FTMO Challenge, now what? After you pass all the Trading Objectives in your FTMO Challenge, your Account MetriX will display a notification indicating that the objectives have been met. At this stage, you no longer need to continue using the FTMO Challenge account. We will be automatically alerted that you have passed your FTMO Challenge, and we will proceed to evaluate your results accordingly. After successful evaluation of your results, approximately after 1-2 business days, we will then send you the new account... Read more How do I become an FTMO Trader? In order to become an FTMO Trader, you will have to pass our 2-step Evaluation Process. Step 1: FTMO Challenge A demo account with fictitious capital where you will have to trade according to our Trading Objectives. You will have superior account conditions in the form of our own FTMO solution with very low commissions and spreads. If you manage to pass all requirements, you will proceed to the second and final step of the evaluation. Step 2: Verification A... Read more Where is your office? How do I contact you? We are headquartered in the heart of Europe and our office is conveniently located right in the historical centre of Prague, easily accessible by all means. The address is Prague 1, Purkynova str. 2121/3, 110 00, Czech Republic, you’ll find us at the top of the Quadrio office building If you wish to visit us, let us know in advance so we can inform our reception and we will be happy to meet up with you and show you around. You can also contact us through a contact form, email, our 24/7 Liv... Read more Step 1 - FTMO Challenge Our FTMO Challenge is the first step of our Evaluation Process. Before you can get your FTMO Account, we need to be sure you can trade responsibly and manage risk properly as, in the future, we can use your simulated trades performed via the FTMO Account when trading on our own account on real financial markets. The FTMO Challenge stage has reasonable rules, where the Profit Target is in balance with the drawdown we allow you to take. We call these rules Trading Objectives. There is no tim... Read more Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Show all FAQs . Start Your FTMO Challenge Today As many Free Trials as you need Up to $200,000 FTMO Account Performance-based rewards FTMO Challenge Free Trial Worldwide Reviews Prove Your Skills with a Trusted Firm We've been empowering traders since 2015. Join them now! 3.5M+ Customers worldwide $500M+ Paid in rewards worldwide 4.8/5 Trustpilot Support Chat with us Start the chat [email protected] +420 910 920 310 Address FTMO Quadrio offices Purkynova 2121/3 110 00 Prague Czech Republic Top Searches FAQ Support How It Works Affiliate Programme Press Kit FTMO Merchandise FTMO Challenge How It Works Pricing FTMO Free Trial Scaling Plan Premium Programme Trading Forbidden Trading Practices Tools Overview Performance Coaches Leaderboard Economic Calendar Tradable Symbols Trading Updates Trading Platforms FTMO Academy Blog About Press releases Press Kit About Us Contact Us Awards Affiliate Programme Testimonials Careers FTMO Shop FAQ Address FTMO Quadrio offices Purkynova 2121/3 110 00 Prague Czech Republic Get Exclusive FTMO Insights Expert Trading Insights Latest Updates Special Offers Subscribe You’re subscribed successfully. All information provided on this site is intended solely for educational purposes related to trading on financial markets and does not serve in any way as a specific investment recommendation, business recommendation, investment opportunity analysis or similar general recommendation regarding the trading of investment instruments. FTMO only provides services of simulated trading and educational tools for traders. The information on this site is not directed at residents in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. FTMO companies do not act as a broker and do not accept any deposits. The offered technical solution for the FTMO platforms and data feed is powered by liquidity providers. 2025 © Copyright Cookie settings Cookies Imprint Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Made with for trading Please note that all accounts we provide to our clients are demo accounts with fictitious funds and any trading is in a simulated environment only. For more information, please feel free to visit our FAQ section. Ok, I understand.