1st-Party Data Platform | Fueled.io Open menu Platform Insights-As-A-Service New! Use Cases Pricing Integrations Partners Insights Docs Sign up Unmatched Conversion. Made Easy. Deliver on the promise of attribution. Transform event collection from a source of stress to a strategic advantage. Improve ROAS by up to 25%. Get Started Unlock the power of 1st-party customer data. Fueled is the easiest, most reliable tool for collecting and organizing 1st-party eCommerce customer data across the sales and marketing tools you love. Shopify, BigCommerce, Yotpo, Gorgias...We capture data from all of these channels, so that you can use it wherever and how ever you want. Learn more about our Platform How it works No Code Turn on Fueled to connect your eCommerce stack to hundreds of marketing automation and BI tools. No custom code required. Concierge Onboarding Get in touch with us and we will get you set up on Fueled right away. Our average time to launch is just 2 business days. Instant Optimization Immediately surface patterns in your marketing and sales data for seamless, targeted customer engagement. New Tactics With connected data, sprint to embrace new strategies & tactics. Run better marketing campaigns. Target your customers more precisely. Why should you care about 1st-party data? The days of setting 3rd-party pixels and tracking scripts on your eCommerce website, giving away your data to Facebook and Google, and just hoping that they send you leads and sales are over. These channels aren’t going away, but the DTC brands that will be most successful moving forward will be those that own and operationalize their own data to drive revenue and improve business efficiency. Learn more Ready to take back the value of your first-party data? Get started with Fueled today. • Launch world-class 1st-party data strategies and tactics in 20% of the time required to implement conventional CDPs. • Understand what really matters for your customers. • Build customer experiences that delight your audience. • Find efficiencies in your marketing and operational practice. Get Started “ A must have app to make your transition to GA4
                  seamless. Incredibly fast to install and we were instantly
                  tracking GA4 events on our Shopify store. Accuracy in data is
                  important and this app gives us the confidence in knowing that
                  the customer reports we build will help us make the best
                  decisions in the future. ” Chris Slumber Cloud Want product news and updates? Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date. Notify me We care about the protection of your data. Read our Privacy Policy. Platform Data Collection Data Operations Personalization Customer Profile Enrichment Journey Analytics eCommerce Integrations use cases Operationalize 1st-Party Data Connect Your eCommerce Stack Personalize Engagement Unify Attribution Tracking Unlock Customer Journeys Power Headless Attribution Resource center Technical Documentation Support GitHub Shopify App BigCommerce App Third-Party Integrations Get started Contact Sales Pricing Request a Demo Partnerships Agency Partners Technology Partners Company Learn More About Us Blog Investor Info © 2025 Fueled Inc. All rights reserved. Terms Of Service • Privacy