This is a skip link click here to skip to main contents
Industries
Services
Insight
Uvance
Uvance Wayfinders
Sustainability
Technology
Careers
About Fujitsu
Country
search
AI for Enterprise
See how you can evolve your Enterprise with Fujitsu’s Trusted AI
Featured Insight

Uvance Wayfinders: Unlocking AI’s full potential

Explore how businesses can embark on a path of fundamental reform to create a future where humans and AI work hand-in-hand to unlock value. Discover practical steps with the Uvance Wayfinders approach.

Read the full article
Customer stories

Estonian Unemployment Insurance Fund

Estonian Unemployment Insurance Fund aimed to modernize its ERP system to improve automation, transparency, and integration with national services—partnering with Fujitsu to deliver a seamless upgrade to Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central.

Australian Gas Infrastructure Group (AGIG)

Australian Gas Infrastructure Group (AGIG) modernised its data ecosystem by establishing the AGIG Data Analytics & Visualisation (DAV) platform on Microsoft Data Fabric, streamlining ESG reporting, improving data quality and laying the foundations for AI-driven innovation with a scalable platform.

Daikin Europe

Daikin Europe, a leader in advanced climate and cooling solutions, partnered with Fujitsu to modernize its complex IT landscape across 130+ sites. By shifting to a unified, cloud-based foundation with automation and AI-driven monitoring, Daikin achieved seamless operations, improved resilience, and significant cost savings.
Read Uvance Customer Stories
Our Purpose

Make the world more sustainable by building trust in society through innovation


Fujitsu Way
Technology and solutions for transformation

Uvance

Innovative solutions that address business challenges and solve societal issues


Fujitsu Uvance

Uvance Wayfinders

Consulting brand by Fujitsu.
Driving change and delivering real impact from data, AI and transformational technologies.

Consulting by Fujitsu

Key Technologies

Key Technologies for Sustainability Transformation

5 Key Technologies
We leverage technology to solve challenges and deliver a positive impact on society
Sustainability
Insight

Fujitsu provides end-to-end AI support from planning to implementation and utilization.

AI in action: Cross-industry collaboration and real-world impact

Organizations that shift from a passive to proactive stance, understand attacker behavior, and redesign security ahead of emerging threats are well positioned to withstand diverse threats.

Uvance Wayfinders: Redesigning security through white-hat hacking
Explore the latest insights
Featured

Fujitsu Integrated Report 2025

Fujitsu Integrated Report 2025 is now available. Our initiatives seek to enhance the value provided to customers and realize net positive. These initiatives are shared in the report from various angles.

Fujitsu Quantum

Fujitsu is leading the business with quantum computers in 2030.

From Risk to Resilience: Why Circularity is the New Business Imperative

Circularity is now a business imperative. Learn how data, blockchain, and digital product passports can strengthen supply chains, cut costs, and unlock new growth in a volatile global economy.
Global Newsroom

Stay up-to-date with our cutting-edge technologies, global initiatives, and the stories that are shaping the future.

Global Newsroom
Latest releases and notices
December 24, 2025
Fujitsu develops Fujitsu Kozuchi Physical AI 1.0 for seamless integration of physical and agentic AI
Press release
December 24, 2025
The University of Tokyo and Fujitsu launch trial for Japan's first cloud-connected inter-regional workload shift based on power grid conditions
Press release
December 23, 2025
Notice Regarding Conclusion of a Company Split (Simplified Absorption-Type Split) Agreement with a Consolidated Subsidiary, FUJITSU FRONTECH LIMITED
Timely disclosure
December 23, 2025
Notice Regarding Conclusion of an Absorption-Type Merger Agreement (Simplified Absorption-Type Merger) with a Consolidated Subsidiary, FUJITSU HOME & OFFICE SERVICES LIMITED
Timely disclosure
December 23, 2025
Executive Officer Appointments
Press release
Read other Press Releases

Your first step towards solving your challenges starts here.

Contact Fujitsu

Let's go after it. In a world without answers.

Fujitsu Careers
page top
Terms of use
Privacy
Contact
Copyright 2021 - 2025 Fujitsu
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website, to personalise content and ads and to analyse our traffic.Please click [Accept All Cookies] if you agree to the use of all of our cookies. Please click [Reject All Cookies] to reject the use of all of our cookies. Please click [Cookie Settings] to customise your cookie settings on our website. Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All Cookies
Cookie Settings