This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Fully Kiosk 
Home
Get Apps
Features
Cloud
Pricing
Help
Installation Configuration Kiosk Mode Remote Admin Fully Cloud EMM
REST/JS APIs Licensing Deployment Custom Apps FAQs
Contact
Fully Kiosk Solutions

Android Kiosk for websites,Android Kiosk for apps, Android Kiosk for videos, Android Kiosk for your business,Android Kiosk for everyoneA|

Get Fully Kiosk Apps

Test ALL features of our Android kiosk apps for free. Just get it on Google Play or install from APK file and enjoy.
Your feedback to info@fully-kiosk.com is welcome.

Fully Kiosk Browser

Lockdown your websites and apps to secure and flexible interactive kiosk.


Test beta ⋅ Get APK file

Fully Single App Kiosk

Easy lockdown the device to one selected app with full kiosk protection.


Test beta ⋅ Get APK file

Fully Video Kiosk

Add videos, images and websites to playlist and auto-play in the kiosk mode.


Test beta ⋅ Get APK file

600,000+

LICENSED INSTALLS

350+

FLEXIBLE FEATURES

7,800+

CORPORATE CLIENTS

4.6+

TOP RATED APPS
Kiosk App Features

From just a fullscreen browser to full mobile device management (MDM) solution, you decide what you get.

FLEXIBLE AND EASY TO USE

Kiosk Mode, Fullscreen, Show HTML/PDF/Videos, Motion detection, Screensaver, Remote Admin and more

Easy to Deploy

Settings Export/Import, Fast Device Provisioning, Remote Configuration, Volume and Offline Licensing

Easy to Integrate

Device Management, JavaScript API, REST API, MQTT Support, Scan NFC/QR, Detect iBeacons, Access Bluetooth and more

Full Feature List Configuration Guide

Fully Cloud EMM

Organize, monitor and remote configure your Fully Kiosk devices from everywhere. Make fast device provisioning and manage installed apps.
Easy setup and maintenance for Fully Managed Devices.

Learn more Launch Fully Cloud

Pricing

Our kiosk solutions have a competitive, fair and transparent pricing. You can try ALL features prior to buying anything.
Please send your feedback and requests to info@fully-kiosk.com

Fully PLUS License

One-time payment per device for using all PLUS features
and Fully Cloud Basic Features

7.90 € for a single device

Discounted Volume License available for 10+ devices

Learn more

Fully Cloud Subscription

Recurrent payment for using Fully Cloud Advanced Features

Max. 1.18 €/month per device

incl. annual payment 15% off,
further discount for more devices

Learn more

Contact Us

We don't like web forms and silly chatbots. Just check the FAQs and drop us an email in case you have any questions, ideas or requests.

We can offer you any consulting, custom feature development, integration or whitelabel kiosk apps for Android.

Read FAQs Send Email

© Fully Factory GmbH ⋅ Imprint ⋅ Privacy & Terms ⋅ Cookies ⋅ German Help ⋅ Download APK