Fullscript: Easily Build Supplement Plans for Optimal Health Fullscript Logo Fullscript Leaf Solutions Pricing Integrations Blog Sign in Create account Fullscript Logo Fullscript Leaf Create account Let’s make healthcare whole Fullscript empowers healthcare providers to deliver the personalized care patients deserve — more confidently and efficiently — by capturing clearer clinical insights, fueling smarter supplement plans, and promoting ongoing engagement. Join 125,000+ providers building the future of whole person care today. Create free account Trusted by small practices, healthcare networks, and everyone in between Why 125,000+ providers trust Fullscript These supplements are high quality…they’re brands that I can trust, so the patient has trust and excellent outcomes, improving their overall health. Shreni Zinzuwadia , MD, Joined Fullscript in 2020 “(Using Fullscript)…has actually increased our compliance and adherence from 25% to over 37% when we last analyzed the data.” JP Saleeby , MD, Joined Fullscript in 2013 “I’m a nurse practitioner who’s been using Fullscript for three years and so happy with the platform… Patients love the easy ordering.” Mary-Beth Charno , NP, Joined Fullscript in 2017 "I’m always looking for the most impactful tools to support my patients. Fullscript drives compliance and health outcomes." Meghan Walker, ND , Joined Fullscript in 2013 Capture. Write. Support. Repeat. Fullscript makes the whole person care cycle seamless — from diagnostics to high-quality supplement plans to ongoing adherence. One platform to capture insights, recommend confidently, and support patient adherence. Capture clinical insights in a seamless workflow Start your whole person care cycle with comprehensive blood labs and a comprehensive catalog of specialty tests. Fullscript streamlines every step — from phlebotomy to clinical interpretations — for a more reliable, stress-free testing experience. Learn more Labs solution overview Provider experience Patient experience Write personalized plans effectively and efficiently Analyze patient data with help from AI-driven tools to quickly write personalized supplement plans patients order to their doors. Create your own plan with Fullscript’s fast, intuitive tools, or start from an evidence-based template. Learn more Online supplement plans Fullscript Assist Clinical decision support Evidence-based templates Ensure supplement quality beyond the bottle Recommend with confidence, backed by a clinically led, third-party-validated quality program that proactively audits everything from sourcing to storage to shipping. Fullscript makes patient safety the benchmark for every quality decision. Learn More Quality program Supplement catalog Tested & Top Pick badges Keep your patients in their care cycle Even the most optimized plan is ineffective without patient adherence. Keep your patients engaged (and streamline practice admin) throughout the care cycle with our mobile app, which offers dose reminders, automatic refills, and more. Learn more Patient experience Adherence & insights Patient promotions Safe, consistent supplementation across your health organization Fullscript works with some of the most trusted names in healthcare to deliver more control of patient supplementation, while ensuring consistency, quality, and organizational oversight. Learn more Unlock the full potential of whole person care Create free account Frequently asked questions What is Fullscript? What is Fullscript used for? How does Fullscript work? How do I get a Fullscript account? Fullscript Leaf Platform Catalog What's new Integrations Testimonials Practice resources Company About us Blog Why Fullscript Clinical evidence Careers Partnerships Quality Program Help Book a demo Support Center Provider FAQs Patient FAQ Contact us Security Developers Engineering at Fullscript API © Fullscript 2026 . All rights reserved. * These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Privacy Statement Terms of Service Accessibility Policy Customer Support Policy Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Rights Notice Auto Refill Terms and Conditions Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice US