Full Fact Menu Donate Fact checks Fact checks Our fact checking systematically raises standards in public debate and changes the behaviour of powerful actors Latest Politics Health Immigration Economy, Business & Finance Culture & Society Science & Technology Environment Crime Education Conflict Shopping Hoaxes US Europe World Analysis Analysis We’re campaigning to tackle bad information online, protect our elections and improve the quality of information in public debate Analysis Comment Government Tracker #FactsMatter Policy & Impact Policy & Impact Our policy work aims to improve the information environment, in order to protect and encourage good public debate Policy & Impact Reports Information incidents framework Research The Full Fact Report Letters & submissions The Online Safety Act About About Bad information ruins lives. We’re a team of independent fact checkers and campaigners who find, expose and counter the harm it does Who we are How we fact check After we fact check Our team Contact us Careers Funding Independence Impartiality Feedback & corrections FAQs International networks Full Fact Training Full Fact AI Search #FactsMatter In a world of fast-moving misinformation, independent fact checking is more important than ever. Follow Full Fact to stay informed, challenge falsehoods and stand up for accuracy. Find out more Latest From false health claims to misleading statements on immigration, politics and conflict—our expert team delivers impartial, evidence-based fact checks. Government Tracker Full Fact is monitoring the government’s delivery on its promises. Full Fact Training Explore our courses in media literacy, fact checking and data analysis. Policy & Impact Find out how Full Fact is working with those in power to make our politics more honest and truthful. Donate As independent, impartial fact checkers, we rely on your donation to ensure our public figures and media back up claims with evidence, and correct the record when they make a mistake. Full Fact AI Full Fact AI is a set of tools developed by Full Fact and used by fact checkers around the world to monitor public debate, find misinformation, and take action. Full Fact fights bad information Bad information ruins lives. It promotes hate, damages people’s health, and hurts democracy. You deserve better. leave this field blank to prove your humanity Your email address What should we call you? Sign up Subscribe to weekly email newsletters from Full Fact for updates on politics, immigration, health and more. 
Our fact checks are free to read but not to produce, so you will also get occasional emails about fundraising 
and other ways you can help. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information about how we use your data 
see our Privacy Policy . Recent fact checks A Full Fact investigation has found a series of social media accounts have been using AI-generated deepfakes of real doctors and academics to promote health supplements. Although some of the videos have been removed, others continue to circulate on multiple social media platforms. Deepfake doctors Videos shared hundreds of times on social media have claimed the government is introducing a £500 “Christmas Decoration Tax”. This is false—there’s no such policy. This is the latest example of fake claims about supposed new government policies that affect people’s personal freedoms. Christmas claims At PMQs Sir Keir Starmer and Kemi Badenoch clashed over how the number of teachers has changed under Labour. There were around 400 fewer FTE teachers in England overall in November 2024 than in November 2023, but we don’t know how the number of teachers has changed in the year since. Teacher totals Can you help us do more? Every donation will help us stop the spread of bad information. £5 £10 £20 Other amount Who we are Funding and independence Our impartiality Feedback and corrections Media enquiries Twitter Facebook Instagram Full Fact is a registered charity (no. 1158683 ) and a non-profit company (no. 06975984 ) limited by guarantee and registered in England and Wales. © Copyright 2010-2025 Full Fact. Thanks to Hosting UK for donating our web hosting. Privacy, terms and conditions. Image courtesy of andrewrennie .