FUN - The freedom to study

             - 
            FUN MOOC Skip to main content ≡ News Courses FormaPro Organizations About FUN FAQ The freedom to study Online courses to discover, learn, progress and succeed Search in our courses Explore our catalog Latest courses HIV Science Organization Institut Pasteur Course code 96011 Category Certificate Course date Open for enrollment This course offers a certification. The entire course can be completed without cost. Agroecology, an introduction Organization L'Institut Agro Montpellier Course code 66001 Course date Open for enrollment The entire course can be completed without cost. Women on the Move Organization Université de Picardie Jules Verne (UPJV) Course code 216001 Course date Open for enrollment The entire course can be completed without cost. Writing and publishing a scientific article - REDACTAR Y PUBLICAR UN ARTíCULO CIENTíFICO Organization French National Research Institute for Sustainable Development Course code 194001 Course date Open for enrollment The entire course can be completed without cost. Science and entrepreneurship : the fundamentals Organization French National Research Institute for Sustainable Development Course code 194002 Course date Open for enrollment The entire course can be completed without cost. Mechanical ventilation: the fundamentals Organization Université Paris-Est Créteil Course code 169001 Category Certificate Course date Open for enrollment This course offers a certification. The entire course can be completed without cost. Ethics & STICs: scientific integrity, research ethics & information ethics for ICTs Organization Université Paris-Saclay Course code 71004 Course date Starting on
                    
                        Feb. 2, 2026 The entire course can be completed without cost. More courses News Dec. 17, 2025 Air Quality, Greenhouse Gases, and Climate Change: decoding  the Atmosphere for a Sustainable Future Dec. 17, 2025 Categories About the course What makes atmospheric science so crucial in the fight against climate change? Learn how state-of-the-art infrastructures enable scientists to monitor our atmosphere, share vital data, and drive coordinated efforts to protect our planet. Dec. 5, 2025 International Migration: a MOOC to Understand Human Mobility Dec. 5, 2025 Categories About the course As migration reshapes societies, it's crucial to move beyond stereotypes. and adopt a nuanced view. The University of Liège takes a multidisciplinary approach to studying migration pathways, reception policies, and integration challenges. Dec. 17, 2025 2 training courses to learn about mechanical ventilation Dec. 17, 2025 Categories About the course The Université Paris-Est Créteil is offering two dynamic training courses tailored for healthcare professionals engaged in critical patient care, designed to initiate them into the practice of mechanical ventilation. Dec. 5, 2024 5 reasons to follow the MOOC "Science and entrepreneurship: the fundamentals" Dec. 5, 2024 Categories About the course For a scientist, entrepreneurship means strengthening his research impact on society. Find out how to take action with IRD and Kedge Business School. Dec. 4, 2025 5 reasons to take the HIV Sciences MOOC Dec. 4, 2025 Categories About the course What is the origin of the HIV virus? What are the current prospects for the eradication of HIV? What are the latest advances in treatment and prevention? More news Subjects & Collections Choose from our MOOC subjects and collections. New courses are added every day SUBJECTS Environment and sustainable development Management Art, creation and design Teachers training Languages Computer science and programming COLLECTIONS Company Life ProjetSUP RéussiteSUP Tools for research Cap Master More subjects Our course creators Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers IMT Université Paris Cité Centre national de la fonction publique territoriale (CNFPT) Agreenium Université Paris-Saclay More organizations Facebook Twitter Linkedin Learn more Help and contact About FUN Newsletters Legal Privacy policy User's charter General Terms and Conditions of Use Sitemap Cookie management powered by Richie