The nonprofit digital fundraising platform for online giving | Fundraise Up Fundraise Up Product Features Checkout Campaign Pages Insights dashboard Elements Donor Portal Virtual Terminal Global fundraising Integrations All features Platform Artificial Intelligence Payment methods Security Compliances Scalability Enterprise support Fraud protection REST API Migration services Featured Let donors support multiple causes in one donation and manage your designations with ease Request a demo Product updates Solutions Sectors Animal welfare Environment Faith-based fundraising International relief Education Use cases Conversion rate optimization Over-the-phone donations High-volume events Recurring giving Non-digital channels Telethons Resources Learn Blog Case studies Webinars Using Fundraise Up Docs Product updates Growth A/B tests Support Help center Partner marketplace Report Engaging younger donors by improving the giving experience Get the paper now Company About Fundraise Up Careers Partner program Community space The team at Fundraise Up is a huge reason for our success. It was the product along with a partner that helped us choose the best strategy for MAP International. Janice Bryant Senior Director, Marketing and Communications Pricing Sign in Get started Raise more, do more Donors experience better and give 3x more generously on Fundraise Up. Talk to sales The fundraising platform that turns your website into a digital revenue engine Increase conversions to donate, enable frictionless payments, and personalize the giving experience for every donor. Checkout Faster, smarter, and optimized for higher conversion, Checkout increases revenue and improves the donor experience. Explore Checkout Campaign Pages Raise more with optimized donation pages that increase conversion and unlock greater giving. Explore Campaign Pages Elements Update your nonprofit’s website with pre-built UI components that increase conversion. Explore Elements Payment methods Accept donations from cards, digital wallets, bank transfers, and non-cash payment methods. Explore Payment methods Languages Engage more donors with the only donation platform built for multi-country fundraising. Explore Languages AI optimization Increase revenue with AI optimizations that right-size ask amounts and upgrade donors. Explore Artificial Intelligence Customer success stories From church pews to online giving: CAFOD UK embraced fundraising transformation 30% digital wallet donations £40,000 matched within 5 hours See the case study UNICEF USA saw their annual revenue skyrocket to $3M thanks to Fundraise Up’s recurring Upsell feature 82% of all donors cover processing fees 26,000+ donations saved by the Reminder Element See the case study Raising $7M with the Canadian Red Cross in a historic holiday campaign 25% conversion rate on campaign pages 84% increase in holiday campaign revenue See the case study Greater Good Charities didn’t just grow. They doubled their monthly giving revenue with Fundraise Up 161% lift in online revenue 230% increase in recurring giving revenue See the case study How UNFPA turbo-charged their donor revenue by 311% in just 12 months 80% donor retention rates 84% donors cover transaction fees See the case study How the Salvation Army UK converts 49% of donors using AI 70% of gifts made using AI ask amounts 74% of donors claimed Gift Aid See the case study International Justice Mission UK celebrates 203% increase in recurring donors 91% total donations in a single year 140% value of monthly givers See the case study From church pews to online giving: CAFOD UK embraced fundraising transformation 30% digital wallet donations £40,000 matched within 5 hours See the case study UNICEF USA saw their annual revenue skyrocket to $3M thanks to Fundraise Up’s recurring Upsell feature 82% of all donors cover processing fees 26,000+ donations saved by the Reminder Element See the case study Global tools Fundraise from anywhere Activate giving at home and abroad with country-specific features. Global fundraising With global payment methods, 25 language localizations, and country-specific features, you can use Checkout to engage donors anywhere in the world. Explore Global fundraising Partnering with impactful nonprofits around the world Testimonials Secure fundraising Keep donors and data safe Safeguard your donor experience with Fundraise Up’s security and anti-fraud features. Security Protect your nonprofit, donors, and data with comprehensive security tools and compliances. Explore Security Fraud protection Prevent fraud before it occurs with tools that catch and mitigate malicious activity. Explore Fraud protection Compliances Fundraise the right way with enterprise compliances that check every box. Explore Compliances Support Get help that’s all-in Scale your fundraising with dedicated platform support and help from people who know you. Enterprise support Strike support costs from your budget. With Fundraise Up, expert help comes standard. Explore Enterprise support Scalability Effortlessly handle high-volume giving on big days like GivingTuesday and December 31. Explore Scalability Integrations Sync data to any app Push more than 100+ fundraising and marketing datapoints in real time to the apps in your tech stack. Explore integrations Ready to elevate your fundraising efforts? Connect with our sales team to explore how our innovative tools can transform your online giving experience. Contact our team Features Checkout Campaign Pages Insights dashboard Elements Donor Portal Virtual Terminal Global fundraising Integrations Fundraisers Company matching Currencies Crypto giving Languages Country-specific features Subaccounts Data exports Emails Tributes White label Designations Platform Artificial Intelligence Payment methods Security Compliances Scalability Enterprise support Fraud protection REST API Migration services Resources Blog Case studies Docs Help center Partner marketplace Product updates Webinars Growth A/B tests Solutions Animal welfare Environment Education Faith-based fundraising International relief Conversion rate optimization High-volume events Non-digital channels Over-the-phone donations Recurring giving Telethons Compare Fundraise Up vs Blackbaud Fundraise Up vs Luminate Online Fundraise Up vs Engaging Networks Fundraise Up vs Bonterra Company About Fundraise Up Identity guidelines Careers We’re Hiring! Partner program Community space Contact us Pricing Pricing Fundraise Up Status Privacy Terms Facebook Linked In YouTube Twitter