Free, Success-Driven Online Fundraising Platform | FundRazr Skip to main content Search Close Search search Menu For Professional Nonprofits and Movements Fundraising for impact organizations and grassroots movements. Fiscal Sponsors For fiscals sponsors and fiscally sponsored nonprofits. White Label Crowdfunding Provide your community or clients with powerful fundraising under your brand. Request a Demo Schedule a free platform walkthrough and learn more about our features and capabilities. See more Corporate Responsibility Schools Sports Teams Art and Music For Personal Personal Fundraising Raise money for yourself, friends, and community. Medical Raise money for a medical emergency, equipment, travel and medications. Pet Fundraising Fast and secure platform for pet and animal fundraisers. Accidents and Disasters Fundraising for disaster relief emergencies and accidents. Memorials Fast and effective free crowdfunding for memorial and funeral fundraising. Success Guide for Individuals Raising 100% of your goal is possible! Fundraising Solutions Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Empower supporters to fundraise on your behalf. Walks, runs, virtual events, and more. Donation Form Inspire generosity through one-time donations or grow recurring revenue. Wishlist and Perks Perks and wishlists are impactful add-ons to maximize the value of a donation. Microprojects Repeating campaigns designed for sustainable recurring donations. See more View all Features Paypal Fundraising Stripe Fundraising Community Fundraising Fundraising Widgets International Fundraising About – Pricing Get more insights about our free pricing models. FAQ Frequently asked questions and answers about us. About Us An award-winning fundraising website that has helped raised millions. – Why FundRazr Leader and High Performer in the Fundraising category. Resources – FundRazr Blog Stay ahead of the trends and become a successful fundraiser. Fundraiser’s Hub Practical and proven knowledge in one place. Help Centre Find answers regarding campaign setup, launch, and post-launch. Contact Us We’re here to help! – Success Guide for Orgs Grow your impact! A practical algorithm for achieving your fundraising goal. search BEST-IN-CLASS FREE CROWDFUNDING Laser-focused on your fundraising success FundRazr platform makes crowdfunding and online fundraising easy, fast, and effective. Free fundraising. I’m a Professional Fundraiser I’m part of a nonprofit, charity, organization, or grassroot movement. G e t s t a r t e d f r e e Learn More I’m a Personal Fundraiser I want to raise money for myself, friends, or community. G e t s t a r t e d f r e e Learn More Powerful, free online fundraising platform Reach more people, inspire more donations and achieve better results with an easy-to-use, comprehensive fundraising platform. Raising funds online can be confusing and stressful. We streamlined the crowdfunding process and built the platform to make it easy and effective. Follow our guided, step-by-step setup for an easy and stress-free campaign creation Enjoy intuitive platform experience for effortless campaign management Select from pre-set campaign templates to focus more on your story and less on technology Get better results with in-app success tips to help you reach your goal and successfully fundraise So far, our platform helped 200,000 campaigns raise $325M+ online. 9/10 satisfaction score Seamless online fundraising platform experience for you and your donors Launch fundraising campaigns that will spark generosity and gratitude. Easily Launch an online Fundraising Campaign Includes everything you need for successful fundraising Mobile-friendly design Accept one-click payments with PayPal, credit cards, GPay, Apple Pay etc. Reach more people with social sharing superpowers Customize your story, branding, media gallery in less than an hour Host Fundraising and Peer-to-Peer Events Launch walks, runs, galas and other fundraising events Enrol teams or individual fundraisers Customize your registration form Sell and distribute tickets Assign roles and permissions Celebrate top performers with leaderboards Embed a widget into your website learn more Run a Fundraiser with a Wishlist or Rewards Break down your fundraising goal into a wishlist Maximize contributions by offering a donor additional ways to make an impact Fund specific items or needs (for example: equipment) Offer your own or sponsored perk like a t-shirt, thank-you card or memorable experience Easily manage inventory like sizes, colour and availability Track shipping and reporting learn more Professional fundraisers, you can also set up an embeddable online donation form,  innovative microprojects for repeat donations and activate advocates with DIY campaigns. We provide you with many essential and innovative professional tools for growing revenue and experimenting with fundraising. FundRazr highly values transparency, security and data protection. All fundraising campaigns are equipped with: Transaction reports Secure payment processing Anonymized donations (by choice) Tax receipts (for organizations) Campaigns analytics Privacy configurations Check out all features here Unlike other fundraising platforms, FundRazr doesn't touch or hold the funds. They directly go to your payment provider. FundRazr is a #1 free online fundraising platform for many causes including nonprofits, social movements, teams and individual fundraisers 6000+ organizations run fundraising appeals, events and campaigns on our platform Nonprofits and Movements For impactful organizations and grassroot movements Corporate Social Employee giving programs and corporate team fundraisers Sports Teams Fundraising for athletes, teams, and competitions Schools Raise money for school projects, tuition, and supplies Fiscal Sponsors For fiscal sponsors and fiscally sponsored nonprofits. Art and Music For creative teams and projects Thousands of individual fundraisers and urgent appeals raise money on our platform every day Personal Fundraising Raise money for yourself, friends, and community Health and Medical Raise money for your little friends in need Animal Fundraising Raise money for your little friends in need Accidents and Disasters For emergency and disaster victims fundraising Memorials and Funeral For white label crowdfunding Your success is our success! Our mission is to help you achieve your fundraising goal “ Perfect fundraising setup! FundRazr is flexible, operates internationally, offers multiple creative solutions for various organizational tasks and has a powerful social media toolset for promoting the campaigns. We look forward to working together again! Lorenzo Boffi, professional fundraiser Raised $412,000 for cancer research “ Success in less than a week - We managed to hit our goal in less than a week! FundRazr is simple to use and I really liked its social sharing. I shared my fundraiser not only on Facebook but through email, Messenger and most important, Whatsapp where most of my network is. Overall, great experience. Jennifer Lo, personal fundraiser Raised $72,000 for healthcare “ We use FundRazr to raise money for people who have Corgis and Corgi mixes that have high cost veterinary needs but can’t afford them. We have raised over $200,000 with the help of FundRazr for our clients! Paige Davis, professional fundraiser Raised $200,000 for animals “ It's a great site, easy to use, and most importantly - it doesn't gatekeep itself to only users from the USA. It also comes with tips toward making succesful campaigns, which is great! It saved my butt during tough times when I had to rely on kindness of others, and I got WAY more donations than by directly asking people for help. Shinobody, professional fundraiser independent reviewer “ I had no issues collecting funds for my project. The website offers all tools necessary to set up and manage a campaign. Payment handling is top notch, the same day a contribution was made I could see it reflected on my account in the same day almost immediately. Abraham Meza, personal fundraiser Independent reviewer “ This is the perfect platform for all kinds of fundraising. It couldn't be easier or more effective. Easy set up. Easy sharing. Flexible. Low cost. Thank you! We reached our goal!! CO, personal fundraiser Independent reviewer You can do it too! Continue the success of our fundraising community Since the world locked down, the needs of remote Indigenous communities have gone far beyond what government relief plans offer. Already, the project has surpassed $20,000 and accomplished some amazing th ings – even bringing a little boy and his father back to their family. That’s why Teara Fraser, pilot and CEO of Iskwew Air, has brought together a circle of Indigenous women to source supplies from local vendors and airlift them to remote Indigenous communities that are not getting the bare essentials that they need. Here’s how they did it: Leveraged existing skills and resources for a cause Acted on an urgent situation to serve a population in need O utreach resulting in donations and media coverage. Great job! The Nelson and District Women’s Centre’s programs offer food, comfort and community to women, empowering them to develop new skills and build networks of solidarity. But now, the Centre is re-evaluating its priorities and facing a serious budget shortfall. Thanks to a well-run crowdfunding campaign, they have raised $15,720 – 105% of their goal! Here’s how they did it: Storytelling – they focus on telling us about one child instead of general, impersonal information about their mission Pictures help us get to know Rem and his story Showing us how donations can help – for just $200, a child with a disability can be kept in school for an entire year! I’m a Professional Fundraiser Get started I’m a Personal Fundraiser Get started Create Create your account or start a FundRazr campaign for free. Share Share your campaign and reach more people via most popular social media channels. Collect Achieve your goal and access your money right away. Get started free. For Professionals Nonprofits and Movements Fiscal Sponsors White Label Crowdfunding Request a Demo Speak with a Strategist For Personal Personal Fundraising Medical Pet Fundraising Accidents and Disasters Memorials Success Guide for Individuals Fundraising Solutions Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Donation Form Wishlists and Perks Microprojects Explore All Features Resources Success Guide for Organizations FundRazr Blog Fundraiser’s Hub Help Centre Contact Us About Pricing Why FundRazr FAQ About Us Discover Campaigns Support | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Copyright ©2009-2025 ConnectionPoint Systems Inc. (CPSI) · FundRazr® and the FundRazr® logo are registered trademarks of CPSI. twitter facebook linkedin youtube instagram Close Menu For Professional Nonprofits and Movements Fundraising for impact organizations and grassroots movements. Fiscal Sponsors For fiscals sponsors and fiscally sponsored nonprofits. White Label Crowdfunding Provide your community or clients with powerful fundraising under your brand. Request a Demo Schedule a free platform walkthrough and learn more about our features and capabilities. See more Corporate Responsibility Schools Sports Teams Art and Music For Personal Personal Fundraising Raise money for yourself, friends, and community. Medical Raise money for a medical emergency, equipment, travel and medications. Pet Fundraising Fast and secure platform for pet and animal fundraisers. Accidents and Disasters Fundraising for disaster relief emergencies and accidents. Memorials Fast and effective free crowdfunding for memorial and funeral fundraising. Success Guide for Individuals Raising 100% of your goal is possible! Fundraising Solutions Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Empower supporters to fundraise on your behalf. Walks, runs, virtual events, and more. Donation Form Inspire generosity through one-time donations or grow recurring revenue. Wishlist and Perks Perks and wishlists are impactful add-ons to maximize the value of a donation. Microprojects Repeating campaigns designed for sustainable recurring donations. See more View all Features Paypal Fundraising Stripe Fundraising Community Fundraising Fundraising Widgets International Fundraising About – Pricing Get more insights about our free pricing models. FAQ Frequently asked questions and answers about us. About Us An award-winning fundraising website that has helped raised millions. – Why FundRazr Leader and High Performer in the Fundraising category. Resources – FundRazr Blog Stay ahead of the trends and become a successful fundraiser. Fundraiser’s Hub Practical and proven knowledge in one place. Help Centre Find answers regarding campaign setup, launch, and post-launch. Contact Us We’re here to help! – Success Guide for Orgs Grow your impact! A practical algorithm for achieving your fundraising goal. Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Twitter Facebook