Fun Formula Skip to content Menu Games About Us Careers Contact EN / 中文 Games More Waterhunt Tribe Cooking Adventure Tap Tap Fish - Abyssrium Pole About Us Funformula - Create Simple Joy! Fun Formula Fun Formula is a global developer and publisher of cutting-edge casual games, founded in 2020. The company is committed to providing innovative, fun and unique gaming experiences for players around the world. The team has profound experience in game development, operation and global distribution. The main team members are mostly from well-known Chinese game companies such as Shanda, Tencent, Perfect World, Changyou, Cheetah, etc. The core team has developed/published a number of popular games in first-tier countries around the world, and has operated and managed over 10 million DAU globally. 
Our representative games include Bricks N Balls, which ranked to the top grossing chart with over 100 million monthly revenue in first-tier countries, "Mow Zombies", which has more than 10 million downloads and “Tap Tap Fish AbyssRium”, which is a beautiful idle simulation game and has been recommended many times globally. Our Services Multiple Game Genres Our games cover a wide spectrum of genres such as strategy, 
RPG, simulation, action, puzzle, racing, adventure, etc.
And we understand how to scale up cost-effectively. Bring Your Game to Massive Audience Since 2013, we have been working with the world' 
s best developers to bring their games to the 
global market.
Lots of our published games rank to the top in 
many countries. Rich KPI Optimization Experience We provide optimization plans covering ingame economy, gameplay and monetization, 
to increase ARPU with every build, with 
higher ARPU and longer life time cycle. Constant UA with LTV Much Higher Than CPI We continuously helps those small, mid-sized 
developers to acquire most valuable users 
globally. Careers We always value talents. Let's team up to create the most hit games! All Positions Position Place Overseas Game Video Advertising Designer Beijing full time Publishing Producer Beijing full time U3D Development Engineer Beijing full time Senior Unity 3D Art Designer Beijing full time Original Scene Beijing full time Contact Need help? Don' t hesitate to reach out to us！ contact@funformulagames.com About Us Our Team Games Portfolio Contact Submit a game Join Us Open Positions funformulagames.com 2020 all rights reserver 京ICP备2020041191号-2 Terms of Use | Private Poilcy Fun Formula Pte.Ltd © 2021 160 Robinson Road, #15-06, Spore Business Federation Ctr, Singapore 068914 Email: contact@funformulagames.com