Funky Fruits Slot play online for free! The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Book of Ra - 1422 USD Ruby* 2 place Sizzling Hot - 1019 USD Lucin* 3 place Mega Moolah - 784 USD John* Jackpot $6204668 Play now Online Casinos All Slots Articles Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Funky Fruits Slot play online for free! Facebook Twitter Here is a new 5-reel and 20-playline slot game called Funky Fruits Slot. This game received a positive critical acclaim among fans of slot games around the world.  Several new characters such as Orange, Lemon, Cherry, Watermelon, Pineapple, and Plum will amuse you with their positive look. There is no point in denying, that Playtech has managed to create a completely new game as a sequel to the one well-known to almost every gamer – Funky Fruits Farm. As Funky Fruits were winning general acceptance, new features were added to the game gradually. They are bonus games, free spins, Autoplay, multiplier and others. The lowest bet you can put at stake is 1£, while the highest is 12.50£. Funky Fruits was first released in 2013 and soon became one of the most popular trends. read more Top sites for playing Funky Fruits slot game № Casino Where to play? Bonus info 1 Funky Fruits at PaddyPower Free spins 2 Funky Fruits at PinkCasino 100% Bonus + Free spins 3 Funky Fruits at 777Spinslot 100% Bonus + Free spins 4 Funky Fruits at CaesarsCasino Free spins 5 Funky Fruits at MrsmithCasino Free spins Video Overview Launch May, 2013 Software Novomatic Slot type Video Reels 5 Min. bet 1£ per line Max. bet 12.50£ per line Payout 94% Play for money! Screenshots Funky Fruits Slot – The game for each and every player! If you want to play Funky Fruits Slot, be attentive in choosing an online casino. A good choice of a casino means that you will get some additional bonuses. First of all, decide what kind of perks you want to get. There are fixed offers, as well as limited bonuses. Casinos can be different, just like the bonuses they offer. The Titan Casino, which is one of the most popular, has the limit up to 25£. At the same time, Nova Casino’s limit tends to be up to 300$. Also, there is a Slots Heaven casino with a limit up to 400$. And don’t forget about Casino Tropez that has up to 3000$ bonus! It is important to clarify that some casinos can offer you other bonuses, instead of money. LeoVegas Mobile is one of those, offering you 50 free spins. So, choose your bonuses carefully. You might not like the new version of Funky Fruits Farm, but there is nothing to be scared about. The gaming industry is developing quite intensively, that is why there are plenty of opportunities for you.  We, for example, have a Funky Fruits free version for such cases. You may learn to play with us, without betting real money. Sure, it would be great, if you pick us to play for real. Though, you can always browse the net and search for another casino that will suit you better. Try more free slots no deposit win real money in our main site. Our free slot games may be played by any player in any time. Sometimes, the joy that you get from a game is larger than any bet in the world. Playtech has   created Funky Fruits and Funky Farm for your entertainment. So you won’t lose more than you bet, but you will get much more — a great way to spend the time, lots of excitement and a Grand Jackpot if the Fortune favors you today. Take risks and you will be rewarded, one way or another! Facebook Twitter Play for money! TRY OUR SLOT MACHINES FOR FREE Funky Fruits Real Play Demo Sizzling Hot Deluxe Real Play Demo Mega Moolah Real Play Demo Lord of the ocean Real Play Demo Book of Ra deluxe Real Play Demo Book of Ra Real Play Demo Sizzling Hot Real Play Demo Dolphin’s Pearl Real Play Demo Mega Joker Real Play Demo Players Comments Send Margot Dubose 17 August 2017 11:49 Just when everyone though there are no more unique ideas related to fruit machines, Playtech comes up with one of the most interesting games they have ever released. I am talking about Funky Fruits.Unlike some other machines, where chances of obtaining the jackpot prize are same for everyone, here the ones that are willing to risk more get rewarded for doing so! WilfordDoney 14 July 2017 19:20 On average, Funky Fruits is said to pay out a progressive sum once every three months, and the jackpot is usually in the seven figure bracket. Nice! EddyPitzer 29 May 2017 10:37 Usually, I’m not very impressed with games from Playtech gaming software. However, when I first played Funky Fruits, I was pleasantly surprised. The 3D graphics look great and the theme is completely adorable. In addition, the game contains fun features including a Bonus Round where you choose fruits for prizes. ClementLammers 27 April 2017 18:18 Funky Fruits is a simple game but it’s also a hugely enjoyable one. The whole vibe is light-hearted and fun-filled, making for a progressive slot that always feels like a pleasure and not a slog. Thaddeus Epperson 12 April 2017 06:13 Funky Fruits is a simple game but it’s also a hugely enjoyable one. The whole vibe is light-hearted and fun-filled, making for a progressive slot that always feels like a pleasure and not a slog. BrainLipscomb 28 March 2017 02:54 Funky fruits is a very cute game and the reels are set against a bright blue sky across which clouds are streaming; there’s also a couple of windmills and a bright red barn. Wait too long in-between spins and the farmer will run across, pursued by a tractor. Blank 14 March 2017 03:16 Playtech has designed a really nice looking game here and it’s something of a move away from the standard slot from this company. The animations are excellent and the extra features in the bonus game of Funky Fruits are a nice touch. Cheek 16 February 2017 06:35 Funky Fruits is a feel-good, summery game with slick graphics and pleasing animations. The comically faced symbols include cherries, lemons, oranges, pineapples, plums and watermelons, and the object of the game is to land at least five of one fruit on adjacent reels. Sydney 07 February 2017 03:20 Funky fruits is a very cute game and the reels are set against a bright blue sky across which clouds are streaming; there’s also a couple of windmills and a bright red barn.  Wait too long in-between spins and the farmer will run across, pursued by a tractor. Irwin Gil 18 January 2017 08:30 What a clever game theme! Plus, the graphics look fantastic. The reels contain 3D images of cute little fruits such as a dopey pineapple, grumpy lemon, chubby watermelon, or mischievous cherries. Throughout the Funky Fruits game, the funky fruits animate, spin around, smile, and just look plain adorable. Carlton Minjares 06 January 2017 04:27 On average, Funky Fruits is said to pay out a progressive sum once every three months, and the jackpot is usually in the seven figure bracket. Nice! Read More Comments Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINOS 1 5 /5 Overview 2 5 /5 Overview 3 4 /5 Overview 4 4 /5 Overview 5 5 /5 Overview Max Hopkins Chief editor Max Hopkins, Customer Service Rep at funky-fruits-slot.com Born: 12/28/1979, 3121 Dundas St, Toronto M2N 2G8, CA, Toronto Education: University of Kentucky Contact: 416-222-4551 Experience in writing: 5 Job: Customer Service Rep in our team "I have been working behind the scenes at funky-fruits-slot.com for a 5 years now. But I have been a part of the iGaming industry for a lot longer. I graduated in business at University of Kentucky and have been involved in the online casino sector ever since. Today, I'm the site's Editor-in-chief. I spend my days sharing my knowledge with my team of experts and ensuring that our reviews are of the highest quality." Max Hopkins frequently travels across the USA, UK, Canada and teaches courses and seminars to beginners and experts alike. Being the tenacious guy that he is, Max Hopkins vowed to learn the table games and become a real expert in iGaming industry. 04.04.2018 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Slots Online Casinos Articles Contacts Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions Cookies Policy Privacy Policy About Us funky-fruits-slot.com © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money