Funny Or Die | We love to make you laugh. Skip to content About YouTube TikTok Instagram Facebook X Toggle Menu WE MAKE COMEDY. We are Funny Or Die, a premium independent studio in LA creating outstanding original comedy with today’s biggest stars and tomorrow’s most exciting voices. CHECK OUT OUR WORK PICKLED WEIRD ROKU RECOMMENDS PLAYERS We tell fun, original stories that make people laugh. Wherever they watch, click, or stream. SEE OUR WORK Players Now Streaming On YouTube Your browser does not support the video tag. STREAM NOW SEE OUR LATEST SHOWS FILM  FILM  FILM Under A Rock with Tig Notaro digital Loosely Translated How To Be A Jerk Millions of followers, fans, and subscribers. FOLLOW US YOUTUBE TIKTOK INSTAGRAM FACEBOOK X YouTube YouTube Instagram Instagram TikTok TikTok Facebook Facebook X X Posterized: Los Angeles Production & Post Production Facility Terms of Use Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us FUNNY OR DIE IS PROUD TO WORK WITH THE NATIONAL MINORITY SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL (NMSDC) AND IS A CERTIFIED MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISE (MBE). © 2025 Funny Or Die, Inc. 0 We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Preferences Save preferences Preferences {title} {title} {title} 0 We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Preferences Save preferences Preferences {title} {title} {title} Your Privacy Matters Your Privacy Matters Scroll to top Scroll to top About Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website OK