Furman University | Top Private Liberal Arts University in Greenville, SC Skip to main content Furman Logo Click to Go Home Visit Furman How to Apply Request Information Clearly Furman MENU FOUR YEARS OF UNFORGETTABLE At Furman, ambition turns into action. Learn what drives you through hands-on learning and real-world experiences that launch you toward success. Learn More Imagine more for yourself Success will follow you, and it begins at Furman. We have transformed the educational experience to be different – to give you a distinct and purposeful pathway of career-shaping experiences. With access to world-class faculty, and a campus that is yours to shape at a top liberal arts and sciences university, you’ll graduate with the knowledge, experience and confidence to take on what’s next. Come see for yourself swipe Academics Campus Life Admissions & Aid Institutes Athletics After Furman Clearly Furman Academics at Furman Majors, Minors & Programs Engaged Learning Academic Resources Graduate Studies Furman’s academics combine classroom learning and premier majors with experiences in research, internships, study away and community-centered learning. The result? A hands-on approach that empowers you to personalize your education, refine your goals and shape your future. Academics at Furman Campus Life at Furman Housing & Dining Diversity on Campus Getting Involved Explore Greenville The Furman Advantage It’s not hard to find your place here. With more than 188 student organizations and a full calendar of campus events and activities, there’s no shortage of ways to have fun and make new friends. Explore Furman's Campus life Admissions & Aid at Furman How to Apply Visit Furman Financial Aid Tuition & Fees Request Information Class of 2029 Student Profile You know that feeling when you’re in the right place, at the right time, with the right people? You’ll find it here at Furman, and it will never leave you. Learn about Admissions Institutes The Shi Institute for Sustainable Communities Institute for the Advancement of Community Health The Richard W. Riley Institute The Hill Institute for Innovation & Entrepreneurship Furman has four institutes which blend their academic field, personal interest and the tools provided by the institutes to gain valuable, real-world experience in community initiatives, research, outreach and more. Furman's Institutes Athletics Furman Athletics Furman Athletics Fund NCAA Tickets Hall of Fame Furman Athletics, with teams across 18 NCAA Division I programs, have won two national championships, competed in 127 NCAA tournaments and produced 160 All-Americans. As Greenville’s team, the Paladins, compete both at Furman and downtown Greenville. Whether a causal fan or a season ticket holder, there’s a seat for everyone to cheer on our purple and white. Go Paladins! Learn about Furman Athletics After Furman When you join the Furman family, you are part of a diverse and international network invested in your success and will experience the unique advantages of attending a top private college in South Carolina. Our graduates have high rates of job placement and graduate school acceptance, and a deeper sense of purpose and fulfillment. Explore What's After Furman The Campaign for Our Third Century Academics Wellness & Community Athletics Institutes The Annual Fund As we approach our third century and contemplate the challenges our students will face in the decades ahead, it is imperative that we lift all that we do to another level. Guided by our strengths as a university, focused on learning experiences that empower students to achieve their most inspiring ambitions, we will do more than meet our mission and advance Furman’s reputation for excellence. As we become a national model for higher education, we will, through our graduates, influence action and ideas across the 21st century. Be a part of Clearly Furman today This TFA slider describes the students journey, a year per slide. Your Furman Experience Begin Your Journey Year One: Explore and Discover Your first year is an opportunity to discover your skills, interests, values, identity, and goals by taking courses in a variety of different academic fields. Settle into your new environment and gain a sense of belonging while focusing on classroom learning. Build your support network by connecting with your advisor. Year Two: Examine and Decide Year two places an emphasis on inquiry and exploration. Students connect their ongoing classroom learning and conversations with advisors and mentors with the idea of an engaged learning experience. By the end, declare a major that meets your life and career goals. Year Three: Connect and Refine In the third year, use your classroom learning, reflection and support from mentors and advisors to focus your area of study. Take the initiative to seek out engaged learning opportunities such as an internship or a study away, research or community project. You will begin to apply your developing knowledge and skills to meet real-world challenges. Year Four: Synthesize and Initiate The fourth year is the culmination of your classroom learning, mentoring and advising, engaged learning experience. Synthesize your experiences, integrating all you have done will help you create your narrative for employers and graduate schools. Talk to your mentors. Connect with the career center and alumni. Talk to prospective employers or apply for graduate school. Take action. How will you learn? To the innovators, the disruptors, the game-changers... discover where you belong. News from around the Lake Furman Community Mobilizes for Poverty Studies Food Drive The Furman University campus community comes together Nov. 10–24 to support Harvest Hope as food insecurity rises Furman Fellow Turns Farm Harvest Into Holiday Giving Furman assistant professor Kylie Fisher receives national award for student advising Student club celebrates and honors African cultures during Afro Night Out The Paladin Perspective Discover Furman through the eyes of our students. Living on campus has honestly been one of my favorite parts of going to Furman." TJ Robertson ,
									’25 - Politics & International Affairs, Sociology Major Furman has always done a good job of helping me find a place where I can contribute and feel like I belong." Sydney Beraho ,
									’24 - Biology Major As soon as I stepped foot on campus, I met one of my best friends." Trace Lackey ,
									'25 - Business Administration Major The promise is real We see clearly the promise of setting Furman apart in higher education and preparing our students as never before to be agents of inspiration, leadership and change in the world. GIVE TODAY See for yourself A small city with big-time amenities, international flavor and natural beauty, Greenville, South Carolina is nestled at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains, between Atlanta, Charlotte and Asheville. Nationally recognized as one of America’s best cities, our home is the perfect place to live and learn. Schedule a Visit Explore Greenville Furman Logo Click to Return Home Explore Greenville 3300 Poinsett Highway Greenville, SC 29613 864.294.2000 Academic Departments Accessibility Athletics Calendar Campus Map Consumer Information Blog Employment Give Legal Notices Library News Offices & Services University Police MyFurman Contact Clearly Furman Privacy Statement Visit Furman How to Apply Request Information THE CAMPAIGN FOR OUR THIRD CENTURY CLEARLY FURMAN Non-Discrimination Legal Notices Title IX Furman University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, disability, age, religion, veteran status, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law in admission, treatment, or access to, or employment in, its programs and activities. Furman Logo Click to Go Home search CLOSE Academics Academics Home Furman’s academics combine classroom learning and premier majors with experiences in research, internships, study away and community-centered learning. Majors, Minors & Programs Institutes Academic Resources Internships Study Away Student Research Academic Departments Graduate Studies University Leadership Campus Life Campus Life Home At Furman, students live on campus all four years. When you live and learn in community with others, you develop deeper bonds, build better support systems and form stronger friendships. On Campus Campus Housing Food & Dining Explore Greenville Diversity on Campus Events Calendar Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Home Our approach to admissions may be holistic, but our goal is singular: find the most well-rounded, academically accomplished and interesting students out there. We want to connect with you to know your story and learn more about all you will contribute to the Furman community. How to Apply Visit Furman Request Information Tuition & Fees Financial Aid Financial Aid FAQs Admitted Students Admissions FAQs Admissions Staff After Furman After Furman Home Our students develop intellectually from a challenging and supportive academic experience and, through high-impact, real-world experiences and mentoring, graduate ready for accelerated career and community impact. Career Opportunities The Furman Network Mentorship Furman-Gallup Study The Furman Network The Furman Network Home Furman students are academically challenged and leave Furman as lifelong learners who are changing the communities around them. Whether alumni of Furman, the parent of a Furman alumni or a friend of Furman, we consider everyone who supports this institution a member of the Furman family. Mentorship Career Resources Alumni Networking Rankings & Recognition About News Give Alumni Parents MyFurman Athletics Thriving Community Visit Furman How to Apply Request Information THE CAMPAIGN FOR OUR THIRD CENTURY CLEARLY FURMAN News Stanfield '24 honored in NFL's 'My Cause My Cleats' Furman alum leads NORAD's Santa tracking team Ken Kolb quoted in The Post and Courier about Spartanburg's Northside We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies. You can learn more by reading our Privacy Policy. Accept Privacy Statement