Skip to main content
Market Insights
Housing request
About monthly rentals
Resources
Traveler ResourcesLandlord ResourcesRead Our BlogOur ReviewsFAQsDownload Our AppPodcast
List your property
Login
Create traveler account
Log in or sign up
Login
Create traveler account
List your property
Market Insights
Housing request
About monthly rentals
Resources
Traveler Resources
Landlord Resources
Read Our Blog
Our Reviews
FAQs
Download Our App
Podcast
Monthly Furnished Rentals

For corporate travelers, relocating families, travel nurses, and more.

Where are you going? *
When?
Select
Monthly budget
Search
Property Owners
List Your Property

Fully furnished properties for rent with no booking fees

No booking fees. Save thousands per year vs. booking on short-term rental platforms.

Choose from 300,000+ listings across the U.S. from over 240,000 verified landlords.

Talk directly to the landlord before you book so you know exactly what you are getting.

Ranked #1 in Real Estate — Newsweek's 2025 America's Best Online Platforms.

How it works

Furnished Finder specializes in 30-day or longer stays, catering to corporate travelers, relocating families, travel nurses, academics, and digital nomads—not vacationers. We allow direct communication between landlords and tenants without interfering in the transaction process. You have the freedom and flexibility to vet your guests and use whatever form of payment you prefer. Notably, there are no booking fees or mark-ups on rental rates, so you can manage your bookings and keep your money.

Have a property to rent?
The advantages of monthly rentals with Furnished Finder

“I used to rent on Airbnb but Furnished Finder brought in longer stays and better guests. I’m never going back.” - Matt F. (App Store Review)

Are you a landlord ready to get started?
List Your Property
Who are Furnished Finder Tenants?

Say goodbye to nightly vacationers and bachelorette parties. With an average stay of over 90 days, mid-term tenants are responsible and reliable.

1
Corporate Travelers and Digital Nomads

From temporary business assignments to an increasing work-from-anywhere movement, Furnished Finder welcomes thousands of business professionals and digital nomads looking for corporate housing in a new city for a few months while they work.

2
Travel Nurses and other Traveling Medical Professionals

For travel nurses, physicians and other traveling medical professionals, Furnished Finder has been a go-to source for this community looking for a place to stay on their next assignment for over 10 years.

3
Relocating or Displaced Families

Families are increasingly turning to Furnished Finder for temporary housing when renovating or exploring new neighborhoods or cities before buying a home. We're also a trusted resource for families displaced by natural disasters or property damage.

4
Professors and Academics

Traveling professors, relocating faculty, and graduate students use our site in search of temporary housing during internships and work assignments.

Furnished Finder Reviews

See what our users are saying and learn why Furnished Finder is the leading source of monthly furnished rentals.

Furnished Finder has been a valuable platform for connecting us with quality tenants, including traveling nurses, construction workers, and other medical professionals looking to relocate to the area. The platform consistently brings in leads, helping us secure tenants who are not only reliable but also a good fit for our properties.

Read More
CM
Candice MFurnished Finder Landlord with 10 listings

I just came across Furnished Finder this year and it has been a lifesaver! We recently embarked on a whole home renovation and finding alternative housing was HARD! A neighbor mentioned FF and we found the BEST rental unit only 5 minutes away that met literally every requirement! We’ve enjoyed living in a new part of town and are so grateful for FF!!!

Read More
TJ
Tiffany JFurnished Finder Tenant

I still live in my same Furnished Finder home that I started renting month-to-month in 2019! It has been the best experience, I also met the best roommates. Now as a recruiter, I recommend it to every traveler!

Read More
SB
Sarah BFurnished Finder Traveler

I use to do Airbnb but the prices and cleaning fees skyrocketed. Furnished Finder has been great to work directly with landlords to find properties that fit my needs. I have had great experiences with the last three travel contracts using Furnished Finder.

Read More
PH
Paul HFurnished Finder Tenant

We’ve used Furnished Finder for 5 years and never looked back. The quality and quantity of residents, the flexibility to adjust rents according to season and the ease of working with Furnished Finder all make this rental platform an easy choice. I recommend it to all friends and acquaintances looking to rent residences. 

Read More
JH
Jill HFurnished Finder Landlord with 1 listing

Furnished Finder has helped my furnished rental business A TON! I've been able to secure tons of guests for my properties and the platform makes it super simple to do! My 1st tip for anyone wanting to rent out their property as a mid-term rental is to put it on Furnished Finder!

Read More
BK
Bailey KFurnished Finder Landlord with 7 listings

I've found Furnished Finder to be an invaluable asset to our business for several years. The platform's ease of use made setting up our account a breeze, enabling us to quickly showcase our furnished accommodations to potential guests. Moreover, their ancillary service, KeyCheck, has been instrumental in streamlining our operations by providing comprehensive background and credit checks for potential guests, ensuring the safety and security of our properties. This platform is a must-have for any housing provider in the Airbnb, OTA, or corporate space.

Read More
SC
Shawn CFurnished Finder Landlord with 2 listings

Furnished Finder significantly simplifies one of the most critical functions of running our business - effective and efficient tenant acquisition. The simplicity and straightforward functionality of the platform allows me to focus my energy on other parts of the business without spending an exorbitant amount of time worrying about marketing.

Read More
TB
Tammy BFurnished Finder Landlord with 5 listings

Furnished Finder has completely transformed our business model. It has given us full control over our revenue as we focus on sales and reservations. Moreover, it has opened up new opportunities for expansion into different areas and markets, while also providing us with a database of loyal repeat clients.

Read More
RN
Robert NFurnished Finder Landlord with 69 listings

Their platform allows me to communicate and negotiate directly with tenants. Furnished Finder helps facilitate a mid-term rental experience without trying to control it.

Read More
JB
Jeff BFurnished Finder Landlord with 2 listings

Furnished Finder gave me the tools I needed to succeed. I got access to market insights, marketing materials, and customer support. I was also able to connect with other landlords in the Furnished Finder community. I know that I couldn't have done it without Furnished Finder. They were there for me every step of the way, and they helped me achieve my goals. If you're thinking about starting a mid-term rental business, I highly recommend Furnished Finder. They have everything you need to succeed.

Read More
JV
Jesse VFurnished Finder Landlord with 6 listings

With Furnished Finder you also have access to KeyCheck, our sister company that provides a suite of useful landlord tools, including tenant screening, customized rental leases, and online rent collection.

Leases & Rental Documents:

Our fully customizable leases allow you to define dates, rental rates, deposits, pet policies, house rules, and more. Access up-to-date and state-specific lease templates, as well as any other legal documents you need for rental success. Learn more about our leases and rental documents.

Online Rent Payments:

Accepting rental payments online is a fast and convenient solution for both tenants and landlords. Landlords can utilize automatic payment reminders and tenants can get valuable credit card points just by paying rent! Learn more about our online payment options.

Property Insurance:

Did you know traditional homeowners insurance may not protect you in the event of a claim if you are renting out all or part of your property? Protect your rental with coverage specifically for monthly rentals. Through our partner Steadily, get protection for your home, personal liability, and lost rent from covered events. Choose limits that fit your property, manage your policy online, and get fast, friendly claims support.

Tenant Screening:

Secure tenant screening includes a thorough credit history report, criminal background check, and eviction history allowing property owners to make informed decisions when choosing their next tenant. Learn why we recommend every landlord performs a tenant screening for every future guest.

Learn about our landlord tools
About Furnished Finder

Furnished Finder is the trusted leader in monthly rentals, providing furnished housing for stays of 30 days or more to traveling professionals and families alike since 2014. We offer over 300,000 furnished properties in every state across the U.S.

Over 300,000 listings from 240,000 verified landlords

Based in Austin, Texas. Founded in 2014

Over 300 team members world wide

Learn more about us
In the news

A financially independent real-estate investor who built her wealth with long-term rentals explains how shifting to mid-term strategy in 2025 could combat high interest rates.

Read about Dana's story

Real estate investors agree: Short-term rentals bring in more money but cause headaches. Here's the 'sweet spot' some are shifting to.

Read about the "sweet spot" for rentals

I made $20,000 in 5 months by renting out extra apartments in my Sacramento backyard.

Read the full Business Insider article

Blueground and Furnished Finder CEOs at the Skift Short-Term Rental Summit 2024

Watch

A Young Family Took Its Chicago Budget to Madison, Wis. How Much House Could They Afford?

Read The New York Times article

Furnished Finder Creates a Sweet Spot For Everyone In Mid-term Rentals.

Download the Newsweek article

Search better. Host better. Convenience for renting on-the-go.

With over 1 million downloads, the Furnished Finder app is a must-have tool for landlords and travelers alike!

Travelers can:

Search for housing

Share and favorite listings

Submit booking requests

Chat with property owners directly

Landlords can:

Review tenant requests

Chat with tenants directly

Update your calendar availability

Create a host profile

Get it on

App Store

Get it on

Google Play

Ready to access Furnished Finder tenants?
List Your Property
Top 100 cities for travel nurses
San DiegoSeattleLos AngelesBostonSan FranciscoDenver
See More
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
FAQs
Blog
Landlord Diaries
KeyCheck
Our Reviews
Our App
© 2025 Furnished FinderPO Box 30374, Austin, Texas 78755
Terms of UsePrivacy Policy
web-static prod v2.122.1