Vehicle Damage Detection Made Easy - Fyusion Skip to main content Search the Fyusion website Search the Fyusion website Home Technology Back Technology Technology Vehicle Imaging Vehicle Understanding Use Cases Solutions About Us Back About Us About Fyusion Careers The Fyusion Difference News Room Get Started Join Our Team SUPPORT: 855-COX-AUTO Technology Technology Vehicle Imaging Vehicle Understanding Use Cases Solutions About Us About Fyusion Careers The Fyusion Difference News Room Get Started Vehicle Damage Detection. Made Easy. See More See more angles and detail, see more dings, dents, and scratches, see more of what you really want to know — only with Fyusion technology. Technology FULL VEHICLE IMAGING + UNDERSTANDING. Stunning 3D vehicle imagery and deep AI understanding of condition for a complete view of the vehicle, along with actionable insights. Imaging Learn More Understanding Learn More Use Cases See How Fyusion Can Help You. Fyusion technology can be used across the automotive industry. We can help with everything from comprehensive condition reporting to creating beautiful and interactive 3D imaging. Revolutionize Your Dealership with Fyusion’s AI AI-Based Collision Reports Mobility with AI-Based Inspection Tools Previous Next Solutions See Fyusion In Action. Cox Automotive offers several in-market solutions powered by Fyusion. See what Cox and Fyusion can do for you. Manheim Express Expand/Collapse Manheim Express Manheim Express brings confidence to wholesale with Condition Reports, 360 degree vehicle imaging, and access to the largest pool of buyers in the market. View Manheim Express Fixed Imaging Tunnels Expand/Collapse Fixed Imaging Tunnels Manheim’s Fixed Imaging Tunnels, powered by Fyusion, boast nearly 50 machine vision cameras and 96 light panels to capture virtually every vehicle exterior from multiple angles. As vehicles drive through without stopping, the tunnels capture 2500 high-resolution images in seconds. This vast data powers the patented machine learning analysis engine, which (among other things) automatically selects 90 images to showcase the vehicle and selecting the 12 best to include in a condition report. View Fixed Imaging Tunnels Next Inspect Expand/Collapse Next Inspect Next Inspect, powered by Fyusion’s guided vehicle image capture featuring 360-degree multi-angle view imaging offers a complete solution for inspecting the condition of a vehicle anytime, anywhere by anyone. The solution is perfect for consumers, dealers and fleet operators alike, allowing them to gather the information they require to make informed decisions. View Next Inspect News Room KEEP UP WITH FYUSION. Insights NADA 2024 Read More Press Releases Manheim Launches Three Fixed Imaging Tunnels at Manheim Pennsylvania Read More Press Releases Fyusion Cracks the Code on Making Machine Learning Work on Any Mobile Device…and They Just Shared that Code with the World Read More In the News Podcast: Demystifying & Forecasting Future of Artificial Intelligence Read on Auto Remarketing Podcast In the News Podcast: Fyusion on the Future of AI in Vehicles Read on Adapt Automotive In the News Contacting Tech Support Read on Adapt Automotive In the News Digital and data highlight Cox transformation Read on Automotive News In the News At car auction houses, AI is a tool, not a worry Read on Automotive News In the News NADA 2022: Cox Automotive, Manheim — Grace Huang & Brad Burns Read on CBT News In the News Manheim Adds Fyusion Imaging At All Locations Read on Automotive News Get In Touch Ready to learn more? Get Started Fyusion 555 De Haro St Ste 200 San Francisco, CA 94107 Connect with Us Get Started contactus@fyusion.com Follow us on X Facebook LinkedIn Helpful Links Careers Newsroom Cox Automotive, Inc. © 2026 Fyusion Site Credits Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Cookie Declaration