★ Rent a gameserver from the best provider | GPORTAL Rent a server Products Game Servers Minecraft Servers TeamSpeak 3 Loot Pass Community News Wiki Discord Support Business Game Studios Content Creators Case Studies Login Register Save 25% on new servers! GPORTAL Ho-ho-holiday sale! The GPORTAL team wishes everyone a peaceful holiday season and is offering you 25% off all new servers. Ho-ho-ho! Save 25% GPORTAL is "Official Launch Verified"! Hytale GPORTAL Servers have been tested by the Hytale team, so lock in your Hytale server with a 25% pre-order discount so you can get started IMMEDIATELY when it launches in January. 25% Rabatt (Pre-Order) Content Update now available! Palworld "Home Sweet Home" A new raid, more creativity for your base and the amazing Ultrakill crossover await you on your GPORTAL server. PC PS Now available on GPORTAL! Project Zomboid "Build 42" “Project Zomboid” is becoming even more comprehensive with the latest Build 42, featuring revamped systems and improved endgame progression. PC Server Now available! Voyagers of Nera "Ships and Spirits" Voyagers of Nera is getting another huge mega update with all kinds of new features at the end of the year. PC Server Grab your loot! The GPORTAL Loot Pass is here Monthly benefits, Fast Lane tickets, and exclusive giveaways. The GPORTAL Loot Pass is a thank you to our loyal community. Get your Loot Pass Save 25%! Minecraft "Mounts of Mayhem" The “Mounts of Mayhem” content drop is here and full of cool new features. Save 25% on your new GPORTAL Minecraft server! Java Bedrock Premium GameServer Hosting from GPORTAL Top games Top games Newest games To all Servers - 25% Hytale (PC) 3 days starting at $1.79 $1.34 Order now Dune: Awakening (PC) From $14.20 Order now RUST Console Edition [PS5 Crossplay] From $20.13 Order now Enshrouded From $2.56 Order now Minecraft From $1.79 Order now Official Hoster to the world's top Gaming Studios With a direct connection to the game studios to offer the best gaming experience possible. GPORTAL News & Blog All News Blog News 12/29/2025 Minecraft 1.16 brings pig people into the game The Nether is full of new discoveries! With Minecraft 1.16, a lot of new content has found its way into the game since June 23, 2020. Read more Blog 12/23/2025 Hytale pre-order at GPORTAL – get 25% off and lose track of time in 2026 News 12/17/2025 Palworld Home Sweet Home Update with ULTRAKILL Collab News 12/16/2025 Voyagers of Nera's “Ships and Spirits” mega update is here! To all News Game server hosting that’s fun WITH OUR PREMIUM GAME SERVERS WE PROVIDE YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS AN INDIVIDUAL AND EASY-TO-USE ONLINE GAMING EXPERIENCE Included Features Immediately online Your GPORTAL server is available in just under 3 minutes ... That's quick! Easy-to-use Server Management User-friendly server management via our web interface with countless settings 24/7 support 24/7 support via ticket system with fastest possible response DDos Protection & Top Hardware DDoS protection thanks to Bulwark™ and Corero + Latest NVMe SSD server hardware Discover the world of GPORTAL Click through our Gallery to see what awaits you at GPORTAL More than 100 Top Games Choose your favourite game from over 100 top games and enjoy new discoveries from all genres! Here you will find everything your gaming heart desires. 20+ Years of Experience GPORTAL was founded by friends who loved playing online together. Today we have 20 years of experience in the game hosting industry and are still passionate gamers who believe in their product and want to provide you the best possible setup. Accessible all over the world With over 14 server locations and a website in more than 8 languages, you can reach us almost anywhere in the world except in Antarctica. 500+ Partners love GPORTAL We work together with content creators, game developers and publishers from all over the world to offer you 360° gaming content and events. Our good reputation gets around, so that we can call ourselves official hoster of numerous game and countless influencers recommend us. We are hiring! Become part of the team Show open positions Never miss a thing: #GPORTAL on social media We constantly provide you with new content around updates and videos from the gaming world. You also get to take a look behind the scenes of GPORTAL, so what are you waiting for? Follow us on social media! EU: Ociris GmbH | Welfenstraße 22 | 81541 München US: GPORTAL, Inc | 3416 Hillcrest Dr | Waco, TX 76708 Popular Games Popular Games Dune: Awakening (PC) Enshrouded RUST Console Edition [PS5 Crossplay] Minecraft Hytale (PC) Account Account Login Register GPORTAL GPORTAL Game Studios Content Creators Sustainability Status Jobs Wiki Terms Privacy Imprint Language & Currency English / USD Language & Currency Language Currency EUR USD JPY GBP Support Ticket System Follow us Payment options The logos and brandmarks displayed on the Website may be trademarked by their respective owners. g-portal.com, Intel® Core™, AMD™ and others are protected by legal standards. All rights reserved.