Play Free Anime Browser Games | No Download Needed - G123 G123 - Play Free Anime Browser Games Online | No Download, No Registration Home All Games News 日本語 English 繁體中文 한국어 Français Deutsch ไทย Tiếng Việt G123 - Play Free Anime Browser Games Online | No Download, No Registration The Apothecary Diaries Palace Chronicles Free Browser Game Platform - G123 Doraemon Comic Traveler The Ossan Newbie Adventurer Orichalcum Soul Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy The Apothecary Diaries Palace Chronicles Free Browser Game Platform - G123 Doraemon Comic Traveler The Ossan Newbie Adventurer Orichalcum Soul Hot games Comic Traveler Doraemon Comic Traveler My Sugoroku Great Strategy Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy High School High School D×D Operation Paradise Infinity Arifureta RS Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest - Rebellion Soul TenkenBR Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush Queen's Blade Queen's Blade Limit Break New games More Recommended games The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul It doesn't matter how old you are when you start something new! Ossan Newbie Start Doraemon Comic Traveler To the unknown Comic Planet we go! Comic Traveler Start Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush A Roguelike RPG with a Fluffy-Eared Girl and a Doting Sword TenkenBR Start Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Take back the Demon Lord's power! Weapon Collectible RPG! Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Start Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy Full of Playful Spirit! Experience a Handmade Sugoroku Game My Sugoroku Great Strategy Start My Status as an Assassin Obviously Exceeds the Hero's Shadow Break Exiled from the kingdom, the strongest assassin adventures in another world! ShadowBreak Start Ranking More Ranking 1 Doraemon Comic Traveler To the unknown Comic Planet we go! RPG 2 Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy Full of Playful Spirit! Experience a Handmade Sugoroku Game Simulation 3 High School D×D Operation Paradise Infinity A Harem Game For Gentlemen Card 4 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest - Rebellion Soul This Synergist... is the world's strongest. RPG 5 Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush A Roguelike RPG with a Fluffy-Eared Girl and a Doting Sword RPG 6 Queen's Blade Limit Break Join the Beautiful Warriors Now! Card 7 My Status as an Assassin Obviously Exceeds the Hero's Shadow Break Exiled from the kingdom, the strongest assassin adventures in another world! RPG 8 Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Take back the Demon Lord's power! Weapon Collectible RPG! RPG 9 The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul It doesn't matter how old you are when you start something new! RPG 10 Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Rondo of War A new page for Galactic Heroes Simulation 11 Vivid Army Paint the Battlefield in Vivid Colors! Simulation 12 So I'm a Spider, So What? Ruler of the Labyrinth The labyrinth survival fantasy tale begins! RPG 13 Goblin Slayer - Endless Hunting Exterminate the goblins! MMO 14 I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 Years and Maxed Out My Level: Witchcraft The unchanging everyday life is my treasure. RPG 15 Peter Grill and the Philosopher's Time - Defender of Virtue 2 The Strongest Man is Fighting for His Virtue?! RPG 1 Doraemon Comic Traveler To the unknown Comic Planet we go! RPG 2 Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy Full of Playful Spirit! Experience a Handmade Sugoroku Game Simulation 3 High School D×D Operation Paradise Infinity A Harem Game For Gentlemen Card 4 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest - Rebellion Soul This Synergist... is the world's strongest. RPG 5 Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush A Roguelike RPG with a Fluffy-Eared Girl and a Doting Sword RPG 6 Queen's Blade Limit Break Join the Beautiful Warriors Now! Card 7 My Status as an Assassin Obviously Exceeds the Hero's Shadow Break Exiled from the kingdom, the strongest assassin adventures in another world! RPG 8 Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Take back the Demon Lord's power! Weapon Collectible RPG! RPG 9 The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul It doesn't matter how old you are when you start something new! RPG 10 Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Rondo of War A new page for Galactic Heroes Simulation 11 Vivid Army Paint the Battlefield in Vivid Colors! Simulation 12 So I'm a Spider, So What? Ruler of the Labyrinth The labyrinth survival fantasy tale begins! RPG 13 Goblin Slayer - Endless Hunting Exterminate the goblins! MMO 14 I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 Years and Maxed Out My Level: Witchcraft The unchanging everyday life is my treasure. RPG 15 Peter Grill and the Philosopher's Time - Defender of Virtue 2 The Strongest Man is Fighting for His Virtue?! RPG Register More Register Loading... Recommended games More Recommended games TSUKIMICHI -Moonlit Fantasy-: Peace Chronicles Journey to a peaceful world TSUKIMICHI Peace Chronicles Start Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Another Tale New encounters await you in another world in this fantasy RPG! Seirei Gensouki Start The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul It doesn't matter how old you are when you start something new! Ossan Newbie Start Doraemon Comic Traveler To the unknown Comic Planet we go! Comic Traveler Start Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush A Roguelike RPG with a Fluffy-Eared Girl and a Doting Sword TenkenBR Start Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Take back the Demon Lord's power! Weapon Collectible RPG! Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Start Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy Full of Playful Spirit! Experience a Handmade Sugoroku Game My Sugoroku Great Strategy Start My Status as an Assassin Obviously Exceeds the Hero's Shadow Break Exiled from the kingdom, the strongest assassin adventures in another world! ShadowBreak Start I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 Years and Maxed Out My Level: Witchcraft The unchanging everyday life is my treasure. SlimeWitch300 Start TSUKIMICHI -Moonlit Fantasy-: Peace Chronicles Journey to a peaceful world Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Another Tale New encounters await you in another world in this fantasy RPG! The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul It doesn't matter how old you are when you start something new! Doraemon Comic Traveler To the unknown Comic Planet we go! Reincarnated as a Sword Brave Rush A Roguelike RPG with a Fluffy-Eared Girl and a Doting Sword Demon Lord, Retry! R Reborn Take back the Demon Lord's power! Weapon Collectible RPG! Crayon Shinchan My Sugoroku Great Strategy Full of Playful Spirit! Experience a Handmade Sugoroku Game My Status as an Assassin Obviously Exceeds the Hero's Shadow Break Exiled from the kingdom, the strongest assassin adventures in another world! I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 Years and Maxed Out My Level: Witchcraft The unchanging everyday life is my treasure. News More News New ShadowBreak 4 days ago New [CTW Cayman] Collaboration confirmed between "My Status as an Assassin is Clearly Stronger Than the Hero's Shadow Break" and the anime "How NOT to Summon a Demon Lord Ω"! New SlimeWitch300 4 days ago New [CTW Cayman] 'Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon? V' Collaboration Kicks Off in 'I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 Years and Maxed Out My Level: Witchcraft' Today! Ossan Newbie 1 weeks ago [CTW Cayman] Official game release for G123's latest game "The Ossan Newbie Adventurer, Trained to Death by the Most Powerful Party, Became Invincible. Orichalcum Soul" today! Free Browser Games Platform - G123 G123 is a free online browser game platform where you can play anime-style games directly in your web browser – no downloads, installs, or registration required. Enjoy browser-based games inspired by popular anime on mobile, PC, or tablet, all playable instantly on G123. About G123 Browser Games Lineup G123 offers a lineup many online browser games based on popular anime like Doraemon , Crayon Shinchan , and The Apothecary Diaries !! Discover more than 30 anime browser games and new browser-based titles released almost every month. All Browser Games About CTW Inc. CTW is a NASDAQ-listed integrated internet platform service company and the operator of the G123 browser game platform. As the company behind G123, CTW publishes free-to-play browser games for players around the world. Company Info Company Terms of Service Privacy Policy G123 Game Top Browser Games List Latest Game News New games About G123 FAQ Sitemap