Games
Careers 
Corporate 
Publishing 
 G5 Friends®
Play free games from G5 Games

DECEMBER 18-29 ONLY!
Join the holiday fun with a joyful gift worth up to $10* —
Just download and play from the G5 Store®!
*The specific value varies by each game on g5.com

CLAIM YOUR GIFT

Step into the story
everyone’s talking about.

Learn More
Download for Google Play
Download for iOS
Download for Kindle Fire
Download for Windows

Join the birthday celebration of the brilliant detective Sherlock!

Play Now
Download for Mac
Download for Google Play
Download for iOS
Download for Kindle Fire
Download for Windows

Get ready for a journey unlike any other!

Learn More
Download for Mac
Download for Google Play
Download for iOS
Download for Kindle Fire
Download for Windows

Create your own Tropical paradise!

Learn More
G5 Store®: Play Now
Windows
iPhone
iPad
Google Play
Kindle Fire
Mac
slide 1 of 5
12345
See All Games
Read More

Welcome to the number one platform for free games that you can play anytime, anywhere in the world! G5 Games offers the widest variety of online games for people to enjoy, always free to play. We have spent many years curating a list of the highest-quality games that are available to play online from anywhere in the world. As such, you can rest assured that here you will be able to find a game that fits your interests and keeps you engaged and having fun for hours at a time. From quizzical puzzles to the tried-and-true classic games, there is no shortage of entertainment right here at your fingertips.

At G5 Games, you’ll be able to find:

 - Intricate puzzle games that will engage your brain and keep you guessing

 - Classic match-3 games with fun new twists and mechanics

 - Hidden object games that will put your best deductive skills to the test

 - World favorites such as mahjong and other classics

 - Top casual games that will help you relax and enjoy your free time

The Best Gaming Experience, Guaranteed

G5 Games is committed to provide you with the best online experience so that you can keep coming back to play our ever-growing roster of top rated free games – including puzzles, hidden objects, and more. The enjoyment of our players is our top priority and as such we can guarantee our games will always be:

 - Free to play

 - Easy to access from a variety of devices and operating systems

 - Constantly updated to keep offering you new and exciting online content

 - Fun and relaxing

 - Family-friendly

Your Favorite Genres, Puzzles and Characters, New and Classic

Free-to-play games, such as puzzles and match-3, are a dime a dozen on the internet. But here at G5 Games, we make the utmost effort to host only the highest-quality online games that will provide the most enriching experiences to all the people who play them. Only on our platform will you be able to:

 - Explore mysterious cases alongside world-famous detective Sherlock Holmes

 - Travel to ancient Rome and Egypt to build thriving civilizations

 - Investigate bone-chilling crimes in awesomely realistic locations

 - Become a mahjong master and prove your dominance

 - Beautify a small seaside town with your unparalleled decorating skills

 - Solve brain-teasing puzzles in classic locations such as the Wild West and the Caribbean

 - And more!

Fun and Games and Wellness

The last few years have been hard on everyone around the world. Staying home has been hard for many people and that is why now is more important than ever to find relaxing online experiences that will allow us to decompress and create balance in our lives. Gaming can be a huge part of this equation and at G5 we are proud to say that our platform:

 - Provides a safe and free way to interact with others around the world even for those who need to isolate

 - Offers enriching content that helps your brain produce endorphins and reduce stress

 - Creates a fun, wholesome environment in which players can make new best friends and maintain strong bonds

 - Helps your mind stay sharp and active thanks to fun, casual puzzle games

Read Less

Get New Games and Promos with the G5 Newsletter

Your Email *
Join us on social media
Careers

Want to help us create the games people love to play? Take a look at our open positions.

View Jobs
Investor Relations

Click here to learn more about G5 Entertainment Group, its structure, business model, history and achievements. G5's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm under ticker G5EN.ST.

Learn More
English
简体中文
Games
Careers 
Corporate 
Publishing 
Support
Contact us
G5 ENTERTAINMENT ® © 2025 G5 Entertainment AB
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
G5 Store Terms of Service
Support

Sorry for interrupting, but there is something we need to tell you...

We have updated our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service to reflect recent additions to our services and changes in the law. By clicking the “Accept” button, or otherwise continuing to use the Site, you consent to G5’s use of cookies and to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To find out more click here.

Accept and hide
this message