Geoscience Australia Skip to content Search ✕ About Scientific topics Education Data News & events Earth sciences for Australia’s future Explore Strategy 2028 Browse our Science Strategy Earthquake monitoring at Geoscience Australia View recent earthquakes Latest news and events More news and events Positioning Australia expands capabilities with Ginan V4 release 17 December 2025 Geoscience Australia today announced the release of Ginan V4, the latest version of its home-grown, open-source toolkit for precise point positioning. Positioning Australia expands capabilities with Ginan V4 release Learn more Australia and Papua New Guinea: A century of scientific partnership 10 December 2025 As Papua New Guinea celebrates 50 years of independence, it’s a great opportunity to look back at the much longer scientific story that we share with our northern neighbour. Australia and Papua New Guinea: A century of scientific partnership Learn more Geoscience Australia’s deepest stratigraphic drilling campaign unlocking the secrets of the Adavale Basin 10 December 2025 Geoscience Australia have completed the single deepest drilling campaign in modern organisational history. Geoscience Australia’s deepest stratigraphic drilling campaign unlocking the secrets of the Adavale Basin Learn more Dr Verity Normington in new book celebrating Rebel Girls in STEM with disabilities and chronic illness 17 November 2025 A new book highlighting women changing the world through science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) features Geoscience Australia geoscientist and a chronic illness and STEM advocate, Dr Verity Normington. Dr Verity Normington in new book celebrating Rebel Girls in STEM with disabilities and chronic illness Learn more Australia’s Energy Commodity Resources publication reinforces Australia’s position as a global leader 23 October 2025 Geoscience Australia’s latest edition of Australia’s Energy Commodity Resources (AECR) publication reinforces Australia’s position as a global leader in energy resources, production and exports. Australia’s Energy Commodity Resources publication reinforces Australia’s position as a global leader Learn more Default Default Learn more Quick links Search data & publications Recent earthquakes Online tools National location information Community Safety Organisational structure Our people and careers Graduate program Visit our education centre Contact us Program Positioning Australia Our position on the globe is essential to everyday life. Positioning allows us to locate ourselves in the world and get to where we want to go. Satellite positioning technologies have enabled the precise navigation and positioning we rely on at the touch of a button, from smartphones to autonomous vehicles. Geoscience Australia is bringing the benefits of space-based technology down to earth, through our precise positioning capability. Our vision is to help Australia prosper by fostering a world-leading positioning capability accessible to all Australians. Learn more about Positioning Australia Program Digital Earth Australia Digital Earth Australia is a program of Geoscience Australia, an agency of the Australian Government. We create free and open satellite data products for the benefit of Australia. It’s our mission to embed satellite imagery and data into decisions that support a sustainable Australian environment, a resilient society and a strong economy. Go to Digital Earth Australia A program of Geoscience Australia Unlocking archives of satellite imagery Established in 2018 Learn more about Digital Earth Australia Initiative Resourcing Australia’s Prosperity Australia has a rich history in the exploration and development of resources. Geoscience Australia will comprehensively map Australia’s natural resources, accelerating the discovery of critical minerals and other resources necessary for the net zero transition. Precompetitive geoscience is vital to support Australia’s transition to a low carbon future, empower First Nations peoples and local communities, and enable responsible management of all resources. A national 35-year, $3.4 billion initiative, led by Geoscience Australia (2024-59) Mapping Australia’s resources for a sustainable future Commenced on 1 July 2024 Learn more about Resourcing Australia’s Prosperity Join our community News and events Find out the latest news, public talks and events and what’s happening in your community. News and events Get in touch Have a question about Geoscience Australia or need help with using our data? Email us at clientservices@ga.gov.au or call 1800 800 173. Get in touch Stay informed Subscribe to some of Geoscience Australia's program newsletters to receive regular updates on, new data releases, publications, latest industry research and events. Stay informed Site footer Related websites Geoscience Australia portal Digital Atlas of Australia Useful tools Search data & publications Recent earthquakes Connect with us Acknowledgement of country Geoscience Australia values the lands, water and sky as we work to deepen a shared understanding of Country and Earth. We respect First Nations peoples and their enduring connection, contribution and obligations to Country. Reflecting on our shared history, we are committed to listen and learn. Contact us Copyright Privacy Accessibility Information Publication Scheme Freedom of Information Act