Conscious Films & Enlightening Documentaries Streaming | Gaia Skip Navigation Series Docs & Films Yoga Yoga Home Yoga Practices Yoga Series Yoga Lifestyle Yoga Teachers Yoga Pose Library Fitness & Pilates Meditation New Videos Topics Articles Gaia+ Gaia+ Home Watch On Demand Watch Live Shop ... Recipes Alternative Healing Food & Nutrition Energy Healing Longevity & Wellness Transformation Spiritual Growth Personal Development Expanded Consciousness Seeking Truth Metaphysics Secrets & Cover Ups Ancient Origins Paranormal & Unexplained English English Español Deutsch Français Log In Offer Ends 72 Hrs Stream life-changing content guided by your spiritual AI companion Get 30 days for $1 Join Now Offer Ends In: 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Mins 00 Secs AD-FREE VIEWING 8,000+ series, docs, films and classes, watch anytime, any device Exclusive & Original Award-winning content that inspires and empowers GLOBAL COMMUNITY Join 800K+ Gaians on a journey of growth and transformation SPIRITUAL AI Insightful conversations powered by Gaia’s living library of wisdom Member Favorites You are here for a reason You’ve always known there’s more. A deeper story, a hidden truth, waiting to be uncovered. Gaia is here to guide you — into the depths of who you are, to the truths that lie beyond the surface, and the ancient wisdom calling your soul to remember. Your intuition is right. Get Started Original Series Gaia produces dozens of exclusive, original series on topics you won’t find in the mainstream media—the nature of the universe, ancient wisdom, the unexplained, alternative healing, and more. Gregg Braden Regina Meredith George Noory Caroline Myss Award-Winning Docs & Films Gaia’s library of thousands of critically acclaimed documentaries, inspirational films, and thought-provoking shorts available anytime, anywhere. Bruce Lipton Marianne Williamson Michael Beckwith Anita Moorjani Get Started Yoga & Meditation Classes Hundreds of yoga and meditation classes to gain flexibility, energy, and better sleep taught by expert teachers. For every level, beginner to advanced. Rodney Yee Nichole Golden Tiffany Bush Steph Schwartz Join a Global Community of Seekers We are over 800,000 Gaians from 185 countries Connect with a global community of like-minded individuals on a shared journey of enlightenment and spiritual transformation. UNLIMITED, Ad-Free ACCESS Unlimited Inspiration on Any Device Get Started Together, We make a difference How Your Subscription Supports a Conscious Company Create Groundbreaking Content Your support fuels original content that challenges paradigms, inspires transformation, and sparks change. Connect World-Class Experts Your contribution unites scholars, scientists, shamans, and mystics to share transformative wisdom. IMMERSE Ad-Free Viewing Your payment ensures an uninterrupted experience of life-changing insights. TESTIMONIALS What Members Are Experiencing Trustpilot Frequently Asked Questions What is Gaia? Gaia is a mission-driven community that empowers the global evolution of consciousness. Our ad-free streaming videos help people explore the limits of our human potential, connect to ourselves, each other, and the universe in new ways, and challenge assumptions that keep us from growing. How much does Gaia cost? Plans start as low as $13.99 USD inclusive of taxes, if applicable a month inclusive of taxes if applicable. Monthly and Annual plans also include a 7-day free trial for new users before being charged. Cancel at any time to stop access to our online content and exclusive documentaries. What does a conscious streaming service do with your payment? With your payment, we are able to produce, edit and share thought-provoking original series, documentaries, and films with a wide range of scholars, scientists, shamans and mystics. We are able to pay our bills without selling your information or including ads in our experience. Where can I watch? You can watch Gaia’s content any time from Gaia.com or any internet-connected device that offers the Gaia app, including smartphones, tablets, and smart TVs. Our streaming service also allows you to download your favorite documentaries, series, and videos for offline viewing with our iOS and Android apps, so you can explore conscious living and personal growth anywhere. How do I cancel? You can cancel your membership anytime through your My Account section. Once your membership is canceled, we will no longer process any charges and you will continue to have access to Gaia’s streaming content until the end of your paid membership (or free trial, if applicable). What is included in my Gaia membership? Stream over 8,000 inspiring films, documentaries, and exclusive series available only on Gaia. Enhance your journey with yoga classes and guided meditations to grow and establish your practice in wellness and personal growth. Download videos for on-the-go viewing, and create up to three user profiles for personalized recommendations—with no streaming limits. Share the experience with friends using links for free access to full-length videos, and enjoy 10% off all products and experiences in the Gaia Marketplace. Do you offer both original and curated online content? Yes. Our streaming service combines exclusive original productions with curated online content, including documentaries on spirituality, personal growth, conscious living, wellness, and alternative healing methods. Offer Ends 72 Hrs Stream life-changing content guided by your spiritual AI companion Get 30 days for $1 Join Now Offer Ends In: 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Mins 00 Secs Gaia About Gaia Devices Community Guidelines Terms of Use and Privacy Spam Policy Cookie Settings Community Help Center Careers Write for Gaia More from Gaia Investor Relations Shop Become a Partner My Language English English Español Deutsch Français Connect With Us Gaia Apps ✕ Log In Username or Email Password Show Log In or Log In With A Code Forgot Password New To Gaia? View Options & Sign Up. Contact Customer Service Forgot Password Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password. Email Send Reset Link Link Sent! A link to reset your password has been sent to you. Done Log In Email No account associated with this email. Please, check spelling Unknown error. Please contact support. Send Me The Code or Log In With A Password New To Gaia? View Options & Sign Up. Contact Customer Service A 6-digit code was sent to Code expired, send again wrong code, try again Unknown error. Please contact support. Didn’t get a code? Send again or Sign up with a password instead We use cookies and similar technologies to run this website and help us make recommendations for you. See our Privacy Policy here. Accept