About
News
Our games
Career
Contact
Locations
en / English
de / Deutsch
ru / Русский
War Thunder

The most comprehensive free-to-play, cross-platform, MMO military game dedicated to aviation, armored vehicles, and naval craft from World War II and the Cold War.

Previous
Next

Build your game!

Join our team 
News
Infantry and drones will face off against tanks in War Thunder

The “Line of Contact” update will bring a long-awaited new mode to the military action game 05 December 2025

EdenSpark Closed Beta Test has started

A new open source game creation platform will provide individual game creators easy access to console development 25 November 2025

EdenSpark will open a new path for indie developers on consoles

A new game creation platform will let anyone make games for consoles and share them with the gaming community 20 October 2025

Ray tracing support for Enlisted

Major graphics update, long-awaited map changes, new weapons and more 25 September 2025

See more →
Locations

There are Gaijin and Gaijin partners offices on several continents, with their unique teams working in a multicultural environment.

For our employees and freelancers, there is always an option to easily and affordably relocate to any location of their choice.

 Karlsruhe, Germany

 Larnaca, Cyprus

 Riga, Latvia

 Budapest, Hungary

 Yerevan, Armenia

 Dubai, UAE

Career
Senior Graphics Programmer (С++)

Senior Frontend developer

Senior Go developer

SRE engineer

Vegetation Artist

All positions →

Go Remote!

Hundreds of talented developers from different countries - Spain, USA, Georgia, Serbia, and many other - work with us without having to be in the office.
Create modern games wherever you feel comfortable! Remote work conditions and requirements are no different from office job positions

Terms and Conditions

Terms of Service

Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

© 2010—2025 Gaijin Entertainment. All trademarks, logos and brand names are the property of their respective owners.

We use cookies

Cookies give you a personalized experience

Сookie files help us to enhance your experience using our website, simplify navigation, keep our website safe and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking “Accept all”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for these purposes. Click "Adjust" to adjust your cookie preferences.

For more information, review our Cookies Policy.

Deny
Adjust
Accept all