Galaxy: An Institutional Digital Assets & Data Center Leader | Galaxy skip to content Galaxy Launches GalaxyOne for Individual Investors. Learn more Download GalaxyOne galaxy Digital Assets Global Markets Overview Trading Lending Derivatives Prime Investment Banking Asset Management Overview Alternatives & ETFs Galaxy Ventures Galaxy Interactive Infrastructure Solutions Staking Tokenization Technology Products GalaxyOne GalaxyOne Institutional GK8 by Galaxy GalaxyOne for Individual Investors Is Now Available Manage your cash, crypto, equities, and yield on one platform. Learn more Data Centers Data Centers Developing infrastructure for an AI-enabled future. Cutting-edge AI and high-performance computing infrastructure to help meet the growing demand for reliable power-ready facilities and scalable computing capacity. Explore Helios Insights Research & Insights Explore All Research Perspectives → Subscribe Multi-Media Podcasts Videos & Webinars Resources Digital Assets Academy The Investable Universe Industry Foundations Recent Insight View all Research • December 26, 2025 Weekly Top Stories - 12/26/25 DeFi Regulation Weekly Top Stories Company About About Us Who we serve Trust and Transparency Subscribe → People Leadership Board of Directors Engage Careers Newsroom Investor Relations The Galaxy Shop Invest, build, transform — relentlessly Accelerating progress in Digital Assets and AI Infrastructure. Learn more Search Toggle Main Navigation Login Explore Topics Investor Relations GK8 Custody Galaxy Ventures Galaxy Interactive Invest in Digital Assets Explore Solutions Global Markets Asset Management & Infrastructure Data Centers Explore Insights Crypto & Blockchain Venture Capital - Q1 2025 The State of Crypto Lending Bitcoin Miners Powering the AI Revolution Galaxy is Trusted by Institutions Globally Helping the world invest, build, and transform —relentlessly. Global Markets Institutional access to a comprehensive suite of digital asset products and services. Asset Management & Infrastructure Delivering high-conviction investment solutions and bringing your world onchain. Data Centers Cutting-edge AI and high-performance computing infrastructure. Research & Insights View all Research • December 26, 2025 Weekly Top Stories - 12/26/25 DeFi Regulation Weekly Top Stories Videos • December 23, 2025 2026 Predictions for the Year Ahead DeFi Markets & Macro Regulation Research • December 19, 2025 Weekly Top Stories - 12/19/25 DeFi Infrastructure Regulation Weekly Top Stories Research • December 18, 2025 26 Crypto, Bitcoin, DeFi, and AI Predictions for 2026 Bitcoin Cryptocurrency DeFi Regulation Solana Galaxy at a glance Digital Assets and Data Center Leader $17B Assets on Platform, as of September 30, 2025. 1.5K+ Institutional trading counterparties, making Galaxy one of the world’s leading liquidity providers in the digital asset space. $1.8B Average Loan Book Size, for Q3 2025. 800MW Total Approved Capacity at Galaxy’s AI/HPC Data Center Campus. Who we serve Trading Firms Galaxy delivers cutting-edge trading solutions. Access market-leading electronic and OTC trading, lending, and derivatives. Trading Seamless trading across multiple exchanges, rapidly and reliably. Lending Liquidity for your leverage, hedging and working capital needs. Derivatives Bespoke derivatives solutions and options trading. Staking Maximize digital asset yield through secure and scalable staking solutions. Custodial Technology by GK8 An enterprise-grade custody platform for financial institutions. Hedge Funds As one of the leading liquidity providers, we offer bespoke solutions to access the digital asset markets. Galaxy represents the counterparty of choice for institutional investors. Asset Management Alternatives · Global ETFs · Crypto Services Trading Seamless trading across multiple exchanges, rapidly and reliably. Lending Liquidity for your leverage, hedging and working capital needs. Derivatives Bespoke derivatives solutions and options trading. Institutional Investors The most sophisticated investors trust Galaxy for our expertise spanning traditional finance and the digital asset ecosystem. Trading Seamless trading across multiple exchanges, rapidly and reliably. Asset Management Alternatives · Global ETFs · Crypto Services Investment Banking M&A and strategic financing advisory. Tokenization Institutional-quality financial structuring and distribution onchain. Staking Maximize digital asset yield through secure and scalable staking solutions. Individual Investors Galaxy enables individuals to invest alongside institutions—with the same focus on transparency, risk management, and performance. galaxy.app A financial technology platform to manage your cash, crypto, equities and yield all in one app. Banks and FMI Galaxy is building a holistic platform to build the future of digital financial markets. Trading Seamless trading across multiple exchanges, rapidly and reliably. Custodial Technology by GK8 An enterprise-grade custody platform for financial institutions. Investment Banking M&A and strategic financing advisory. Founders & Web3 Entrepreneurs We collaborate with bold visionaries. Galaxy is uniquely positioned to help web3 projects grow and tap into traditional finance when ready. Galaxy Ventures Stage-agnostic venture investing across protocols, scaling solutions, DeFi, and web3 infrastructure. Galaxy Interactive Venture investing at the intersection of content, technology and social commerce with an emphasis on gaming and virtual worlds. Investment Banking M&A and strategic financing advisory. Staking Maximize digital asset yield through secure and scalable staking solutions. Tokenization Institutional-quality financial structuring and distribution onchain. Miners Our expertise across real-asset financing, energy markets, and investment banking—coupled with a passion for bitcoin— makes us an essential partner for navigating the future of Bitcoin. Miner Finance (MiFi) Guiding miners to the best financing solutions. Investment Banking M&A and strategic financing advisory. Galaxy’s institutional strength to the individual investor—precision-built, relentlessly evolving, and designed to grow your wealth. GalaxyOne Individual Investors: Invest, Earn, Grow GalaxyOne offers multi-asset investing and advanced financial products for modern investors who expect more. Learn more PREMIUM YIELD, POWERFUL RESULTS _ Invest your cash in Galaxy Premium Yield, for U.S. accredited investors only, and earn 8.00% yield. SECURE, INSTITUTIONAL GRADE PLATFORM _ Backed by Galaxy and supported by our U.S. client service team available in-app, online, and by phone. AUTOMATED INVESTMENTS FOR GROWTH _ Auto-reinvest interest from your GalaxyOne Cash account into bitcoin. Set recurring buys to steadily grow your multi-asset portfolio. UNIFIED PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT _ One app, one portfolio. Trade, invest, and manage your crypto, stocks, ETFs, and high-yield cash accounts without switching platforms. Serving the digital asset ecosystem end-to-end. Global Markets Offering a center of gravity in digital asset markets. —— We offer institutional access to a comprehensive suite of digital asset products and services, including high-touch over-the-counter (OTC) and electronic trading coverage, operating one of the biggest OTC crypto derivatives trading desks, and providing bespoke lending solutions. Our Investment Banking leverages the full power of Galaxy to help clients navigate complex transactions, including M&A and capital markets financing. Explore Now Asset Management & Infrastructure Solutions Investment solutions to bring our world onchain. —— Since 2018, we have built a track record of managing a broad suite of strategies, including ETFs, hedge funds, venture capital, and active and passive funds invested across digital assets, public equities, and alternative assets. Our blockchain-based Infrastructure Solutions provide the critical technology and services institutions need to fully engage with and manage digital assets, including staking, tokenization and self-custody. Explore Now Blockchain Infrastructure Bringing the World Onchain Galaxy partners with protocols, dApps, and builders to accelerate blockchain adoption. We combine our core blockchain infrastructure services with the breadth of our Global Markets business, offering bespoke financial and syndication services. Learn more We deliver solutions that help accelerate progress in finance and artificial intelligence. Powering the Future Galaxy's digital infrastructure evolution—a strategic expansion into AI and High-Performance Computing (HPC) to help meet the increasing demand for reliable data center infrastructure. Digital assets and blockchain technologies have already helped redefine financial systems. Artificial intelligence is now set to reshape industries at an even greater scale and Galaxy has a role to play. Learn More LOCATION Dickens County, Texas CAMPUS NAME Helios Approved Capacity 800 megawatts (MW) Future Expansion under study 2.7 gigawatts (GW) Working together toward a decentralized economy As an industry leader, we deliver an unmatched breadth of solutions to the digital asset and blockchain industry. We are an essential partner to investors, companies, founders, and creators in a changing financial world. About Galaxy Leadership Team News & Announcements View all December 10, 2025 Galaxy Expands into the Middle East with ADGM Office Opening December 04, 2025 Galaxy Expands into Liquid Staking as Development Company for Liquid Collective November 30, 2025 Five Years of Building Institutional Market Structure — and the Next Era On-Chain October 29, 2025 Galaxy Integrates with Coinbase Prime Join Galaxy We are a diverse team of free thinkers and fast movers united to help investors and creators energize the digital asset economy. Careers For Galaxy investors Access the latest reports, presentations, and stock information. Investor Relations You are leaving Galaxy.com You are leaving the Galaxy website and being directed to an external third-party website that we think might be of interest to you. Third-party websites are not under the control of Galaxy, and Galaxy is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the contents or the proper operation of any linked site. Please note the security and privacy policies on third-party websites differ from Galaxy policies, please read third-party privacy and security policies closely. If you do not wish to continue to the third-party site, click “Cancel”. The inclusion of any linked website does not imply Galaxy’s endorsement or adoption of the statements therein and is only provided for your convenience. Cancel Proceed GALAXY BUSINESSES Global Markets Asset Management & Infrastructure Data Centers Explore Galaxy About Us Who we serve Leadership Board of Directors Careers Newsroom Galaxy Insights Explore All Insights Research Perspectives Podcasts Videos & Webinars → Subscribe Contact → Get Started → Media Inquiries → Investor Relations Resources Digital Assets Academy Trust and Transparency VisionTrack Database Glossary Latest In Insights Research • December 26, 2025 Weekly Top Stories - 12/26/25 DeFi Regulation Weekly Top Stories Videos • December 23, 2025 2026 Predictions for the Year Ahead DeFi Markets & Macro Regulation Galaxy Research Podcast Podcasts • December 24, 2025 2026 is a Year for Building with Mike Novogratz © 2025
                Galaxy. All rights reserved. Update Cookie
                        Preferences Terms and Conditions . Privacy Policy . Security products and services are offered by Galaxy Digital Partners LLC and Galaxy Securities, LLC, members of FINRA and SIPC . BrokerCheck . Swap Dealer Disclosures . Certain money transmission services are provided by GalaxyOne Prime LLC (NMLS ID: 1988685). You can learn about where GalaxyOne Prime LLC is licensed and how to contact the relevant state agency by visiting www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org . Read a warning about scams and phishing emails — REPORT ISSUES WITH OUR SITE.