Gallaudet University | Changing the world with a bilingual way of being Search for: Directories Personnel Degrees Areas of Study Courses Events Quick Links Youth Current Students Staff & Faculty Parents Alumni Athletics Learn ASL GOAL (Cont. Ed.) About Gallaudet University Our Mission & Vision Our Strategic Plan Annual Report of Achievements (ARA) Accreditation Directory Who We Are About Us Gallaudet at a Glance University Leadership Divisions Academic Affairs Laurent Clerc National Deaf Education Center ASL and English Bilingualism Belonging & Engagement Student Affairs Enrollment and Communications Institutional Advancement Operations Finance Legal History & Traditions PK-12 & Outreach Our Work Investing in Our Community Our 10-Year Vision: The Gallaudet Promise Bilingual Framework Curriculum, Outreach, Resources, and Effectiveness Louise B. Miller Memorial The Signing Ecosystem Campus Design & Planning News & Events Overview News & Stories University Events Media Inquiries News & Stories Coming full circle: the Louise B. Miller Pathways and Gardens site dedication Dec 11, 2025 Q&A with Fulbright Distinguished Scholar, Dr. Teresa Blankmeyer Burke Dec 11, 2025 Bringing families into Gallaudet’s fold Dec 11, 2025 View All Upcoming Events Women's Basketball vs. Cedar Crest January 3, 2026 Men's Basketball vs. Notre Dame (Md.) January 7, 2026 Women's Basketball vs. Notre Dame (Md.) January 8, 2026 View All University Wide Events Welcome Home Homecoming State of the University (SOTU) Bison Tank Commencement Academics No Communication Compromises Overview Office of the Provost Dean of the Faculty Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Accredited Programs Academic Calendars Areas of Study Areas of Study Bachelors Masters Doctorate Individual Courses and Training Certificates Online Degree Programs Schools Science, Technology, Accessibility, Mathematics, and Public Health Civic Leadership, Business and Social Change Language, Education, and Culture Human Services and Sciences Arts and Humanities Consortium of Universities Programs Undergraduate General Education Graduate School Honors Program American Sign Language and Deaf Studies Learn ASL ASL Connect Interpretation and Translation Deaf Studies Gallaudet Opportunities for Advancement and Learning Research & Innovation Changing the world Overview Office of Research Institutional Review Board Research Deaf and Hard of Hearing Child Resilience Center Center of Deaf Health Excellence Schuchman Deaf Documentary Center Technology Access Program (TAP) Visual Language and Visual Learning (VL2) Artificial Intelligence, Accessibility and Sign Language Center Community & Innovation Center for Democracy in Deaf America (CDDA) Center for Black Deaf Studies (CBDS) Innovation & Entrepreneurship Institute (GIEI) Gesture Literacy Knowledge Studio (GLKS) National Beacon Center Motion Light Lab (ML2) Research Experiences & Services Research & Teaching Scholar Program Undergraduate Research Library & Archives National Deaf Life Museum Global Our Global Presence Overview Office of International Affairs Global at Home Become a Gallaudet Student International Admissions International Special Student English Language Institute International Student and Scholar Services Financial Resources Multicultural Organizations Global Learning For All Education Abroad and International Fellowships Study Abroad Internships Abroad Collaborative Online International Learning International Degrees B.A. in International Studies M.A. in International Development B.A. in Interdisciplinary Spanish Special Studies Deaf-Centered Disability Inclusive Disaster Risk Reduction and Emergency Planning Peace Corps Certificate Go Global Fair Global Engagement International Relations International Strategic Visitors Opportunities Fulbright Program Gallaudet in Nigeria-Africa (GAIN) Admissions & Aid Your Journey Starts Here Apply Visit Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Professional Studies and Certificate Programs International English Language Institute Orientation Financial Aid Tuition & Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Life @ GU Explore Our Campus Overview Virtual Tour Connect Deaf Art & Culture Clubs & Organizations Athletics Esports Discover Residence Life and Housing Washington, D.C. New & Emerging Signers Student Support Influence Bilingual Advantage Why Gallaudet Become a GUAA Member Clerc Center KDES (PK-8) MSSD (9-12) Plan a Visit Request Info Apply Academics Areas of Study Academic Certificate Programs Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy (AHCP) Accounting American Sign Language Art and Media Design Biology Business Chemistry Communication Studies Counseling Criminal Justice Data Science Deaf Studies Early Intervention Studies Education Educational Neuroscience English Hearing, Speech, and Language Sciences History Information Technology International Development Interpretation and Translation Linguistics Mathematics Philosophy and Religion Physical Education & Recreation Psychology Public Affairs Public Health Risk Management and Insurance Sexuality and Gender Studies Social Work Sociology Theatre and Dance World Languages and Cultures Bachelors B.A. in American Sign Language B.A. in Biology B.A. in Communication Studies B.A. in Communication Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Deaf Studies B.A. in Deaf Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Education with a Specialization in Early Childhood Education B.A. in Education with a Specialization in Elementary Education B.A. in English B.A. in English for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Government B.A. in Government with a Specialization in Law B.A. in History B.A. in Interdisciplinary Spanish B.A. in International Studies B.A. in Liberal Studies B.A. in Mathematics B.A. in Psychology B.A. in Psychology for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Social Work (BSW) B.A. in Sociology with a concentration in Criminology B.A. or B.S. in Education with a Specialization in Secondary Education: Science, English, Mathematics or Social Studies B.S. in Accounting B.S. in Accounting for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Biology B.S. in Business Administration B.S. in Business Administration for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Data Science B.S. in Information Technology B.S. in Mathematics B.S. in Physical Education and Recreation B.S. in Public Health B.S. in Risk Management and Insurance General Education Honors Program Mathematics and Industrial Engineering Dual Degree Program Peace Corps Prep program Self-Directed Major Masters M.A. in Counseling: Clinical Mental Health Counseling M.A. in Counseling: School Counseling M.A. in Deaf Education M.A. in Deaf Education Studies M.A. in Deaf Studies: Cultural Studies M.A. in Deaf Studies: Language and Human Rights M.A. in Developmental Psychology M.A. in Early Childhood Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Early Intervention Studies M.A. in Elementary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in International Development M.A. in Interpretation: Combined Interpreting Practice and Research M.A. in Interpretation: Interpreting Research M.A. in Linguistics M.A. in Psychology M.A. in Secondary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Sign Language Education M.S. in Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy M.S. in Speech-Language Pathology Master of Public Administration Master of Social Work (MSW) Doctorate Au.D. in Audiology Ed.D. in Transformational Leadership and Administration in Deaf Education Ph.D. in Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology Ph.D. in Critical Studies in the Education of Deaf Learners Ph.D. in Hearing, Speech, and Language Sciences Ph.D. in Linguistics Ph.D. in Translation and Interpreting Studies Ph.D. Program in Educational Neuroscience (PEN) Psy.D. in School Psychology Certificates Certificate in Educating Deaf Students with Disabilities Certificate in American Sign Language and English Bilingual Early Childhood Deaf Education: Birth to 5 Certificate in Early Intervention Studies Certificate in Sexuality and Gender Studies Online Degree Programs B.A. in Communication Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Deaf Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in English for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Psychology for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Accounting for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Business Administration for Online Degree Completion Program M.A. in Elementary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Secondary Education and Deaf Education Master of Public Administration Master of Social Work (MSW) ODCP Minor in Communication Studies ODCP Minor in Deaf Studies ODCP Minor in Psychology ODCP Minor in Writing University Capstone Honors for Online Degree Completion Program Visit Apply Give Request Info KDES (PK-8) MSSD (9-12) Quick Links Youth Current Students Staff & Faculty Parents Alumni Athletics Learn ASL GOAL (Cont. Ed.) Search for: Directories Personnel Degrees Areas of Study Courses Events Popular Keywords Tuition Housing Academic Visit Financial Aid My Account Registrar Employment Alumni Athletics Library Commencement News Events Housing Homecoming Student Life About Gallaudet University Our Mission & Vision Our Strategic Plan Annual Report of Achievements (ARA) Accreditation Directory Who We Are About Us Gallaudet at a Glance University Leadership Divisions Academic Affairs Laurent Clerc National Deaf Education Center ASL and English Bilingualism Belonging & Engagement Student Affairs Enrollment and Communications Institutional Advancement Operations Finance Legal History & Traditions PK-12 & Outreach Our Work Investing in Our Community Our 10-Year Vision: The Gallaudet Promise Bilingual Framework Curriculum, Outreach, Resources, and Effectiveness Louise B. Miller Memorial The Signing Ecosystem Campus Design & Planning News & Events Overview News & Stories University Events Media Inquiries News & Stories Coming full circle: the Louise B. Miller Pathways and Gardens site dedication Dec 11, 2025 Q&A with Fulbright Distinguished Scholar, Dr. Teresa Blankmeyer Burke Dec 11, 2025 Bringing families into Gallaudet’s fold Dec 11, 2025 View All Upcoming Events Women's Basketball vs. Cedar Crest January 3, 2026 Men's Basketball vs. Notre Dame (Md.) January 7, 2026 Women's Basketball vs. Notre Dame (Md.) January 8, 2026 View All University Wide Events Welcome Home Homecoming State of the University (SOTU) Bison Tank Commencement Academics No Communication Compromises Overview Office of the Provost Dean of the Faculty Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Accredited Programs Academic Calendars Areas of Study Areas of Study Academic Certificate Programs Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy (AHCP) Accounting American Sign Language Art and Media Design Biology Business Chemistry Communication Studies Counseling Criminal Justice Data Science Deaf Studies Early Intervention Studies Education Educational Neuroscience English Hearing, Speech, and Language Sciences History Information Technology International Development Interpretation and Translation Linguistics Mathematics Philosophy and Religion Physical Education & Recreation Psychology Public Affairs Public Health Risk Management and Insurance Sexuality and Gender Studies Social Work Sociology Theatre and Dance World Languages and Cultures Bachelors B.A. in American Sign Language B.A. in Biology B.A. in Communication Studies B.A. in Communication Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Deaf Studies B.A. in Deaf Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Education with a Specialization in Early Childhood Education B.A. in Education with a Specialization in Elementary Education B.A. in English B.A. in English for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Government B.A. in Government with a Specialization in Law B.A. in History B.A. in Interdisciplinary Spanish B.A. in International Studies B.A. in Liberal Studies B.A. in Mathematics B.A. in Psychology B.A. in Psychology for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Social Work (BSW) B.A. in Sociology with a concentration in Criminology B.A. or B.S. in Education with a Specialization in Secondary Education: Science, English, Mathematics or Social Studies B.S. in Accounting B.S. in Accounting for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Biology B.S. in Business Administration B.S. in Business Administration for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Data Science B.S. in Information Technology B.S. in Mathematics B.S. in Physical Education and Recreation B.S. in Public Health B.S. in Risk Management and Insurance General Education Honors Program Mathematics and Industrial Engineering Dual Degree Program Peace Corps Prep program Self-Directed Major Masters M.A. in Counseling: Clinical Mental Health Counseling M.A. in Counseling: School Counseling M.A. in Deaf Education M.A. in Deaf Education Studies M.A. in Deaf Studies: Cultural Studies M.A. in Deaf Studies: Language and Human Rights M.A. in Developmental Psychology M.A. in Early Childhood Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Early Intervention Studies M.A. in Elementary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in International Development M.A. in Interpretation: Combined Interpreting Practice and Research M.A. in Interpretation: Interpreting Research M.A. in Linguistics M.A. in Psychology M.A. in Secondary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Sign Language Education M.S. in Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy M.S. in Speech-Language Pathology Master of Public Administration Master of Social Work (MSW) Doctorate Au.D. in Audiology Ed.D. in Transformational Leadership and Administration in Deaf Education Ph.D. in Accessible Human-Centered Computing and Policy Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology Ph.D. in Critical Studies in the Education of Deaf Learners Ph.D. in Hearing, Speech, and Language Sciences Ph.D. in Linguistics Ph.D. in Translation and Interpreting Studies Ph.D. Program in Educational Neuroscience (PEN) Psy.D. in School Psychology Certificates Certificate in Educating Deaf Students with Disabilities Certificate in American Sign Language and English Bilingual Early Childhood Deaf Education: Birth to 5 Certificate in Early Intervention Studies Certificate in Sexuality and Gender Studies Online Degree Programs B.A. in Communication Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Deaf Studies for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in English for Online Degree Completion Program B.A. in Psychology for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Accounting for Online Degree Completion Program B.S. in Business Administration for Online Degree Completion Program M.A. in Elementary Education and Deaf Education M.A. in Secondary Education and Deaf Education Master of Public Administration Master of Social Work (MSW) ODCP Minor in Communication Studies ODCP Minor in Deaf Studies ODCP Minor in Psychology ODCP Minor in Writing University Capstone Honors for Online Degree Completion Program Self Directed Majors Schools Science, Technology, Accessibility, Mathematics, and Public Health Civic Leadership, Business and Social Change Language, Education, and Culture Human Services and Sciences Arts and Humanities Consortium of Universities Programs Undergraduate General Education Graduate School Honors Program American Sign Language and Deaf Studies Learn ASL ASL Connect Interpretation and Translation Deaf Studies Gallaudet Opportunities for Advancement and Learning Research & Innovation Changing the world Overview Office of Research Institutional Review Board Research Deaf and Hard of Hearing Child Resilience Center Center of Deaf Health Excellence Schuchman Deaf Documentary Center Technology Access Program (TAP) Visual Language and Visual Learning (VL2) Artificial Intelligence, Accessibility and Sign Language Center Community & Innovation Center for Democracy in Deaf America (CDDA) Center for Black Deaf Studies (CBDS) Innovation & Entrepreneurship Institute (GIEI) Gesture Literacy Knowledge Studio (GLKS) National Beacon Center Motion Light Lab (ML2) Research Experiences & Services Research & Teaching Scholar Program Undergraduate Research Library & Archives National Deaf Life Museum Global Our Global Presence Overview Office of International Affairs Global at Home Become a Gallaudet Student International Admissions International Special Student English Language Institute International Student and Scholar Services Financial Resources Multicultural Organizations Global Learning For All Education Abroad and International Fellowships Study Abroad Internships Abroad Collaborative Online International Learning International Degrees B.A. in International Studies M.A. in International Development B.A. in Interdisciplinary Spanish Special Studies Deaf-Centered Disability Inclusive Disaster Risk Reduction and Emergency Planning Peace Corps Certificate Go Global Fair Global Engagement International Relations International Strategic Visitors Opportunities Fulbright Program Gallaudet in Nigeria-Africa (GAIN) Admissions & Aid Your Journey Starts Here Visit Apply Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Professional Studies and Certificate Programs International English Language Institute Orientation Financial Aid Tuition & Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Life @ GU Explore Our Campus Overview Virtual Tour Connect Deaf Art & Culture Clubs & Organizations Athletics Esports Discover Residence Life and Housing Washington, D.C. New & Emerging Signers Student Support Influence Bilingual Advantage Why Gallaudet Become a GUAA Member ASL at Gallaudet Learn from the University that introduced American Sign Language (ASL) to the world. ASL PROGRAMS Deaf Studies ASL Connect Visit Gallaudet We’re top-ranked nationally for our value. 
See for yourself why Gallaudet is the place for you. Book on-campus tours Visit us virtually Life @ GU Affordability is Our Priority Nine in every 10 students are receiving financial support to attend. Tuition and Financial Aid Scholarships Student Employment Pursue Your Passion With more than 60 areas of study across our five schools, there’s room for everyone at Gallaudet. Academics Five Schools Areas of study Become the best version of yourself at Gallaudet Develop the skills you need for a rewarding career, and follow in the footsteps of more than 23,000 Gallaudet alumni who are leading organizations, innovating the future, and making an impact on their communities and the world. 0 + Areas of Study 0 + Students from all walks of life 0 + Dynamic student clubs and organizations 0 + Innovative research projects 0 NCAA varsity teams Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies GOAL (Continuing Education) Learn ASL International Student Youth Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies GOAL (Continuing Education) Learn ASL International Student Youth Programs News and Events Stay up to date with news and events from the Bison herd! VIEW MORE Gallaudet Today Magazine contains news and information for the signing community, including alumni and friends of Gallaudet University Read now Gallaudet debate team wins first tournament championship Gallaudet University debate team members Aubrie Bauer and Lorelei Becktel secured the team’s first-ever tournament championship on April 20. Read now News Coming full circle: the Louise B. Miller Pathways and Gardens site dedication Dec 11, 2025 Discover Gallaudet University, the world's leading institution for the deaf and hard of hearing, offering innovative programs, a vibrant community, and rich culture. Read More Q&A with Fulbright Distinguished Scholar, Dr. Teresa Blankmeyer Burke Dec 11, 2025 Discover Gallaudet University, the world's leading institution for the deaf and hard of hearing, offering innovative programs, a vibrant community, and rich culture. Read More Bringing families into Gallaudet’s fold Dec 11, 2025 Discover Gallaudet University, the world's leading institution for the deaf and hard of hearing, offering innovative programs, a vibrant community, and rich culture. Read More Gallaudet students, staff, faculty, and alumni compete in the 2025 Tokyo Deaflympics Dec 10, 2025 Discover Gallaudet University, the world's leading institution for the deaf and hard of hearing, offering innovative programs, a vibrant community, and rich culture. Read More Five schools in which to pursue your passions Science, Technology, Accessibility, Mathematics, and Public Health Civic Leadership, Business and Social Change Language, Education, and Culture Human Services and Sciences Arts and Humanities Find Your Program Gallaudet offers more than 150 degrees , certificates and credentials to prepare outstanding individuals for lives of meaning, purpose and professional success. Search for: Undergraduate Graduate Online Certifications Affordability is Our Priority Accessibility is core to everything we do at Gallaudet. You see it in the quality of our interpreters and the design of our campus buildings. That philosophy extends to our costs and aid. We’re committed to ensuring students from all financial backgrounds are able to obtain a world-class education. Afford Tuition & Fees Dream Bold thrive here! When your bold dreams are powered by the confidence of belonging, there are no limits! At Gallaudet, you’re not just a student– you’re a FUTURE LEADER in the making. With exceptional opportunities to learn, research, and express themselves, Gallaudet truly is a place for people of all backgrounds to flourish. Undergraduate Apply Video Transcript A person with short black hair, thin black beard, waking up, going through motions to get ready for the day. Then the person is walking on campus with friends, greeting other people as the person walks by with smiles on their face. Entering into a building lobby, there are other people standing around signing about Gallaudet University. Then, it fades out to two people waiting for a drink at Starbucks lobby in a building. Switches out to a classroom and study area where groups of students are at a table learning and collaborating, giving each other high fives. Slides from the cafeteria showing people sitting at a table with smiles on their faces, eating to outside showing people playing disc golf. Then shows people gathering around in a dorm room playing cards and laughing. The same person from the beginning is shown laying down on a bed. Then the same person is shown waking up with arms and head on the table, rubbing eyes. As the person wakes up, they open laptop with words “Dream Bold, Thrive Here” showing on screen. The words “we are here for it” appear next, then the pink call to action button “apply” is shown. Where you belong At Gallaudet, we believe education is enriched by the unique perspectives and lived experiences of every student. We are committed to fostering a welcoming environment where everyone feels a strong sense of belonging, connection, and engagement. Creating meaningful opportunities for students to thrive—both academically and personally—is at the heart of everything we do. Life at Gallaudet Clubs & Organizations Lorenzo Lewis Lorenzo’s story is one of adaptation and leadership. From a mainstream education in Tennessee, he overcame health challenges like Crohn’s disease, embraced the Deaf community at Gallaudet, built confidence through involvement, and became a mentor to others. Learn More Cas Mastropaolo Cas’s story is one of resilience and growth. Born in Haiti, he endured hunger, sickness, and slavery before being adopted in the U.S. At Gallaudet, he found belonging in the Deaf community, discovered his identity, and became a leader on and off the field. Learn More Warren "Wawa" Snipe Warren “Wawa” Snipe, ’94, arrived at Gallaudet without knowing sign language, but quickly found his voice and community through the JumpStart program. Performing with the Gallaudet Dance Company and the Wild Zappers sparked a passion for entertainment that took him worldwide. His journey shows the power of growth and opportunity at Gallaudet. Learn More Sabina Shysh Originally, Sabina had her heart set on attending a different school. At her mother’s encouragement, she attended a Summer Youth Camp at Gallaudet, and immediately knew that she would end up at Gallaudet for her college and athletic career. Learn More Elijah Henderson College can be expensive, but at Gallaudet, we have a team who will invest in you to make it affordable through various options like financial aid, scholarships, and more. With continuous support from Gallaudet, Elijah took full advantage of his opportunities on campus and around Washington, D.C. by investing in himself and his community. Learn More Annabelle Scroggins Opportunities are endless at Gallaudet University! Both on- and off-campus living create perfect opportunities for students to gain confidence while balancing living with earning a degree at a ranked university. Learn More Midajah Davis Midajah elevated from being embarrassed about her deafness and hiding her identity to thriving at Gallaudet, being proud of herself and her deafness, and unlocking her true potential. Learn More Payton DeGraw As a Cued Speech user, Payton felt welcomed at Gallaudet, the bilingual university for deaf and hard of hearing students. Getting a jumpstart with her ASL before her academic journey began allowed her to really go places at Gallaudet, getting involved in athletics and organizations. Learn More Ernest Hairston and Mencie Hairston Ernie and Mencie came to Gallaudet from different countries and different backgrounds for different reasons. They met at a lecture Ernie gave, and from there they formed a connection that only Gallaudet people can truly understand. Learn More Erisette Cruz Erisette came here not only to embrace her disability as an integral part of her identity, but also to reinforce her sense of self as a Latinx individual, drawing inspiration from faculty members who share her background and the organizations she's involved in within her community. Learn More Caroline Kobek Pezzarossi, ’07 Caroline Kobek Pezzarossi, G-’07 & PhD ’08, found her true identity at Gallaudet University when she went there for her graduate degrees. She is now the Director of Institutional Effectiveness and Certification, working to keep Gallaudet accredited. Learn More Marlena Rauber Gallaudet University is Marlena’s third college; she didn’t go to Gallaudet first because she thought it would be better to go to a hearing college. Instead, it only made her want something more. She will finally graduate with the degree she always meant to do. Not only that, Marlena also found her home here. Learn More Darrius Doe, ’18 Alumni Darrius Doe returns to campus after graduation as a staff member, reflecting on his formative years that brought him full circle to Gallaudet. Learn More Melissa Yingst, ’00 Melissa talks about how she went from being a student and hosting the "What's Up, Gallaudet" show to having a successful career and her own online show. All of this began at Gallaudet, where she learned to love the media, tell stories, and get involved with the deaf and signing communities. Learn More Be a Bison New and Emerging Signers From learning the basics to reaching fluency, Gallaudet is the perfect place to learn ASL. Academics Explore 40 undergraduate majors and minors across five schools and challenging graduate programs and online degree offerings. Research and Innovation Be a part of groundbreaking research and innovation with a worldwide impact. Clubs and Organizations We’re better together. Support a cause, pursue your passions, and connect with peers in a student club or organization. Spirit and Athletics There’s always a way to get moving and get involved. Let your Bison pride shine with 14 NCAA Division III teams and intramural programs. History & Traditions Absorb the wealth of knowledge and progress at an institution steeped in rich history and cultural milestones. Take Your Next Step Gallaudet is the place to embrace oneself and build connections within and beyond the signing and deaf community. Our students find affirmative and positive acceptance of who they are and all they have to offer our world Apply SCHEDULE A VISIT Request Information At a Glance Quick Facts University Leadership History & Traditions Accreditation Consumer Information Our 10-Year Vision: The Gallaudet Promise Annual Report of Achievements (ARA) The Signing Ecosystem Not Your Average University Our Community Directory MyGU Library & Archives Technology Support Interpreting Requests Health and Wellness Programs Workday Profile & Web Edits Visit Gallaudet Explore Our Campus Virtual Tour Maps & Directions Shuttle Bus Schedule Kellogg Conference Hotel Welcome Center National Deaf Life Museum Apple Guide Maps DeafSpace Engage Today Work at Gallaudet / Clerc Center Social Media Channels University Wide Events Sponsorship Requests Data Requests Media Inquiries Subscribe Gallaudet Today Magazine Giving at Gallaudet Gallaudet University Press Contact Us Financial Aid Human Resources Registrar’s Office Residence Life & Housing Safety & Security Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions University Communications Clerc Center English Language Institute Gallaudet University, chartered in 1864, is a private university for deaf and hard of hearing students. Copyright © 2025 Gallaudet University. All rights reserved. Accessibility Anti-Discrimination Statement Cookie Consent Notice Privacy Policy File a Report Sitemap 800 Florida Avenue NE, Washington, D.C. 20002