Galxe - Your Web3 Growth Engine Product Developers Gravity Company Enterprise Launch App Your Web3 Growth Engine Your Web3 Growth Engine Your Web3 Growth Engine Build Smarter. Scale Faster. Engage Better. Build Smarter. Scale Faster. Engage Better. Build Smarter. Scale Faster. Engage Better. Launch App Launch App Build with Galxe Trusted by Leading Brands in Web3 0 0 0 Million Million TOTAL Users TOTAL Users 0 k+ k+ Credentials 0 + + Partners 1 Million 1 Million DAU Launch, Grow, and Scale in Web3 - Launch, Grow, and Scale in Web3 - Whether you’re a marketer, builder, or explorer — Galxe has your back. Whether you’re a marketer, builder, or explorer — Galxe has your back. All in One Place All in One Place Galxe Quest The leading platform for web3 community growth and engagement. Offering a simple, no-code solution, we connect projects with millions of users through reward-based loyalty programs. 1.1 B+ Total Quests Completed Galxe Quest The leading platform for web3 community growth and engagement. Offering a simple, no-code solution, we connect projects with millions of users through reward-based loyalty programs. 1.1 B+ Total Quests Completed Galxe Quest The leading platform for web3 community growth and engagement. Offering a simple, no-code solution, we connect projects with millions of users through reward-based loyalty programs. 1.1 B+ Total Quests Completed Galxe Quest The leading platform for web3 community growth and engagement. Offering a simple, no-code solution, we connect projects with millions of users through reward-based loyalty programs. 1.1 B+ Total Quests Completed Galxe Quest The leading platform for web3 community growth and engagement. Offering a simple, no-code solution, we connect projects with millions of users through reward-based loyalty programs. 783 B+ Total Quests Completed Galxe Starboard Galxe Starboard is a data-driven growth and analytics platform that aligns incentives with impact, turning fragmented marketing into actionable insights. Galxe Starboard Galxe Starboard is a data-driven growth and analytics platform that aligns incentives with impact, turning fragmented marketing into actionable insights. Galxe Starboard Galxe Starboard is a data-driven growth and analytics platform that aligns incentives with impact, turning fragmented marketing into actionable insights. Galxe Starboard Galxe Starboard is a data-driven growth and analytics platform that aligns incentives with impact, turning fragmented marketing into actionable insights. Galxe Starboard Galxe Starboard is a data-driven growth and analytics platform that aligns incentives with impact, turning fragmented marketing into actionable insights. Galxe Earndrop Earndrop enables projects to distribute tokens seamlessly, trusted by 30M+ users worldwide and backed by Galxe's battle-tested infrastructure with full-scale customization options. Galxe Earndrop Earndrop enables projects to distribute tokens seamlessly, trusted by 30M+ users worldwide and backed by Galxe's battle-tested infrastructure with full-scale customization options. Galxe Earndrop Earndrop enables projects to distribute tokens seamlessly, trusted by 30M+ users worldwide and backed by Galxe's battle-tested infrastructure with full-scale customization options. Galxe Earndrop Earndrop enables projects to distribute tokens seamlessly, trusted by 30M+ users worldwide and backed by Galxe's battle-tested infrastructure with full-scale customization options. Galxe Earndrop Earndrop enables projects to distribute tokens seamlessly, trusted by 30M+ users worldwide and backed by Galxe's battle-tested infrastructure with full-scale customization options. Galxe Passport Galxe Passport securely stores your identity information and allows you to use it across various applications without compromising your privacy, empowering users to take control of their own data. 1M + Holders Galxe Passport Galxe Passport securely stores your identity information and allows you to use it across various applications without compromising your privacy, empowering users to take control of their own data. 1M + Holders Galxe Passport Galxe Passport securely stores your identity information and allows you to use it across various applications without compromising your privacy, empowering users to take control of their own data. 1M + Holders Galxe Passport Galxe Passport securely stores your identity information and allows you to use it across various applications without compromising your privacy, empowering users to take control of their own data. 1M + Holders Galxe Passport Galxe Passport securely stores your identity information and allows you to use it across various applications without compromising your privacy, empowering users to take control of their own data. 963 + Verified Holders Galxe Score Your web3 reputation score across the metaverse. Shaped by your achievements, expertise, and assets, it unlocks your web3 identity and grants you access to exclusive benefits. 413 k+ Holders Galxe Score Your web3 reputation score across the metaverse. Shaped by your achievements, expertise, and assets, it unlocks your web3 identity and grants you access to exclusive benefits. 413 k+ Holders Galxe Score Your web3 reputation score across the metaverse. Shaped by your achievements, expertise, and assets, it unlocks your web3 identity and grants you access to exclusive benefits. 413 k+ Holders Galxe Score Your web3 reputation score across the metaverse. Shaped by your achievements, expertise, and assets, it unlocks your web3 identity and grants you access to exclusive benefits. 413 k+ Holders Galxe Score Your web3 reputation score across the metaverse. Shaped by your achievements, expertise, and assets, it unlocks your web3 identity and grants you access to exclusive benefits. 495 k+ Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders Galxe Identity Protocol A permissionless self-sovereign identity infrastructure. Powered by zero-knowledge proof technology, you can own, manage, and share your verifiable credential securely and privately. 217 M+ Verified Credential Holders A High Performance Layer 1 Blockchain Built by Galxe Gravity unlocks unparalleled speed and scalability, delivering 1 gigagas/sec throughput and subsecond finality to over 25 million users. | Mainnet Launch Q4 2025 A High Performance Layer 1 Blockchain Built by Galxe Gravity unlocks unparalleled speed and scalability, delivering 1 gigagas/sec throughput and subsecond finality to over 25 million users. | Mainnet Launch Q4 2025 A High Performance Layer 1 Blockchain Built by Galxe Gravity unlocks unparalleled speed and scalability, delivering 1 gigagas/sec throughput and subsecond finality to over 25 million users. | Mainnet Launch Q4 2025 A High Performance Layer 1 Blockchain Built by Galxe Gravity unlocks unparalleled speed and scalability, delivering 1 gigagas/sec throughput and subsecond finality to over 25 million users. |  Mainnet Launch Q4 2025 Built for Every Part of Web3 Enterprise Clients Automate activation and engagement across web3 with data-backed growth infrastructure. Chat With Us Get G Everyday Users Discover, earn, and grow in web3 with intuitive tools. Start Exploring Web3 Get G Why the Top Brands in Web3 Choose Galxe Why the Top Brands in Web3 Choose Galxe Web3 Choose Galxe Galxe is more than a platform—it’s your growth engine. With a full-stack suite built for performance, we help web3 teams launch faster, grow smarter, and build stronger connections across the ecosystem. Why the Top Brands in 1 Web3 Choose Galxe Galxe is more than a platform—it’s your growth engine. With a full-stack suite built for performance, we help web3 teams launch faster, grow smarter, and build stronger connections across the ecosystem. Data-Driven identity, on/offchain analytics, and real-time user behavior. Battle-Tested Trusted by 7,000+ brands and 33M+ users. All-in-One Go from campaign ideation to execution with no-code tools and modular APIs. Featured in Explore Galxe News Backed by Premier Investors Learn more about Galxe An industry-leading web3 growth platform powered by analytics, automation, and engagement solutions. Sign up to Newsletter Product Quest Starboard Earndrop Passport Score Smart Savings Galxe Plus Galxe Identity Protocol Gravity About Gravity About G Token Get G G Staking Governance Galxe Shop Developers Documentation Identity Protocol Galxe API Galxe ID SDK GitHub Company About Galxe Brand Kit Analytics Blog Press Help Center Legal Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Galxe Group Inc. All rights reserved. An industry-leading web3 growth platform powered by analytics, automation, and engagement solutions. Sign up to Newsletter Product Quest Starboard Earndrop Passport Score Smart Savings Galxe Plus Galxe Identity Protocol Gravity About Gravity About G Token Get G G Staking Governance Galxe Shop Developers Documentation Identity Protocol Galxe API Galxe ID SDK GitHub Company About Galxe Brand Kit Analytics Blog Press Help Center Legal Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Galxe Group Inc. All rights reserved. An industry-leading web3 growth platform powered by analytics, automation, and engagement solutions. Sign up to Newsletter Product Quest Starboard Earndrop Passport Score Smart Savings Galxe Plus Galxe Identity Protocol Gravity About Gravity About G Token Get G G Staking Governance Galxe Shop Developers Documentation Identity Protocol Galxe API Galxe ID SDK GitHub Company About Galxe Brand Kit Analytics Blog Press Help Center Legal Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Galxe Group Inc. All rights reserved. An industry-leading web3 growth platform powered by analytics, automation, and engagement solutions. Sign up to Newsletter Product Quest Starboard Earndrop Passport Score Smart Savings Galxe Plus Galxe Identity Protocol Gravity About Gravity About G Token Get G G Staking Governance Galxe Shop Developers Documentation Identity Protocol Galxe API Galxe ID SDK GitHub Company About Galxe Brand Kit Analytics Blog Press Help Center Legal Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 Galxe Group Inc. All rights reserved. Enterprise Clients Automate activation and engagement across web3 with data-backed growth infrastructure. Chat With Us Everyday Users Discover, earn, and grow in web3 with intuitive tools. Start Exploring Web3 Built for Every Part of Web3