Cookies on the Gambling Commission website

The Gambling Commission website uses cookies to make the site work better for you. Some of these cookies are essential to how the site functions and others are optional. Optional cookies help us remember your settings, measure your use of the site and personalise how we communicate with you. Any data collected is anonymised and we do not set optional cookies unless you consent.

Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences
Skip to main content
Public and players
Licensees and businesses
Licensing authorities
About us
News
Contact us
Services
Search the website
Home
Safer gambling
Money and rights
Fundraising and lotteries
National Lottery
Complaints
Public Register
Helping you get information about gambling in Great Britain and find support when you need it

We license, regulate, advise and provide guidance to the individuals and businesses that offer gambling in Great Britain, including the National Lottery in the UK.

Check a licensed gambling business
Search the business register

You can also search our public register for licensed individuals and premises.

Popular on the website
Fundraising, raffles and lotteries
Safer gambling
Complain about a gambling business
What happens to your money if a gambling business goes bust
I can't withdraw my winnings
Age, ID and financial verification

Safer gambling

Find out how to stay safe when gambling, get help, advice and how to use tools to manage your gambling activity.

Money and rights

Our new guides help you understand your rights when gambling and how gambling businesses protect your money.

Fundraising and lotteries

You may need a licence for some types of draws and raffles, our guides help you stay legal and run a safe draw.

Gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals

Visit the hub
about gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals

Help and support

If you or someone you know is struggling with gambling-related problems, contact the National Gambling Helpline (opens in new tab).

0808 8020 133

Free of charge, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

Find published statistics and research in our hub

Statistics and research hub
about find published statistics and research in our hub

Our work

Find out about the work we're doing to raise standards in the gambling industry, protect children and the vulnerable and keep crime out of gambling.

Autumn 2023 consultation – Proposed changes to LCCP and RTS: Consultation Response published

4 February 2025

Summer 2023 consultation – Proposed changes to LCCP and RTS: Consultation Response published

1 May 2024

Guide corporate strategy 2024 to 2027 published

8 April 2024

Young People and Gambling 2023: Official statistics published

16 November 2023

Who we are and what we do

Find out more about what we do, what we regulate and who we are in our about us section.

Action we've taken
More
 enforcement action

Paddy Power Betfair to pay £2m for regulatory failures

17 December 2025

Illegal WhatsApp bookie sentenced

09 December 2025

£825,000 fine for Done Brothers (Cash Betting) Limited

03 December 2025

Suspension of licence – Deadheat Racing Limited

21 November 2025

Latest news
More
 news

Financial key event and consumer legislation changes
New rules boosting the Gambling Commission’s knowledge of operators and bringing the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice in line with revised consumer legislation will be introduced.
18 December 2025

Bacta Annual Convention - Andrew Rhodes speech
This speech was delivered by chief executive Andrew Rhodes at the British Amusement Catering Trade Association Annual Convention on 27 November 2025. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version.
28 November 2025

IoL Annual Conference 2025 - Ian Angus speech
This speech was delivered by director of policy Ian Angus at the Institute of Licensing (IoL) Conference on 27 November 2025. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version.
27 November 2025

Consultations
More
 consultations

There are no open consultations. View previous consultations and responses in our consultation hub.

Latest blog posts
More
 blogs

Socially responsible incentives: what operators need to know

12 December 2025 - Policy.

Early gambling experiences and gateway products: new research findings

11 December 2025 - Statistics and research.

Sign up to e-bulletin

Our newsletter, e-bulletin, is sent fortnightly and contains news, updates and latest advice from the Gambling Commission and DCMS.

Sign up
Is this page useful?
Yes
this page is helpful
 No
this page is not helpful
 Report a problem with this page
Gambling Commission
websites
Public and players
Licensees and businesses
Licensing authorities
About us
Advisory groups
Information
News
Careers
Contact us
Services
Follow us
The following links open in a new tab:
X (formerly Twitter)
(opens in new tab)
LinkedIn
(opens in new tab)
YouTube
(opens in new tab)
National Gambling Helpline

Call 0808 8020 133

24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or visit gamcare.org.uk (opens in new tab)

Newsletter

Sign up to e-bulletin

Accessibility statement
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of use
Social Media Policy
Welsh
View this page in Welsh or other languages