This website uses cookies

We use analytics cookies to understand how you are using our site so that we can provide everyone with the best experience. We use cookies for marketing purposes, such as personalising ads, we also use third parties for these purposes, who have their own cookie policies. For more information, please see our Сookie policy.

Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details of cookie
Allow all cookies
Allow selection cookies
Deny cookies
Skip content?
Get free help 24/7 (GB)
Call 0808 8020 133
Live chat
Advice
Tools and support
Our research
What we do
Find support in your area
Search
However gambling is making you feel right now, we can help.

We offer free advice, tools and support to help keep people safe from gambling harms.

Explore tools and support
Read our advice
Gambling harms can affect anyone (1 min 55 secs)
Take our gambling harms assessment

Answer 7 quick questions to get an insight into how gambling might be affecting you or someone you care about, and get tailored advice and support should you need it.

Start gambling assessment
Tools to help reduce your gambling
Gambling spend calculator

Our spend calculator only takes a few minutes and will give you a better understanding of the time and money you spend gambling, alongside recommendations to reduce your risk.

Use our calculator
Gambling blocking and self-exclusion

If you're looking to stop or limit your gambling, there are many free gambling blocking tools and services that can help you feel more in control.

Gambling blocking tools
Find local gambling support

No matter how you're feeling, our service finder can help you get the right support for your gambling, or if you're affected by someone else's gambling. Choose from a range of free, confidential and tailored support near you.

Postcode field
Search

Or

View all support providers
Help for family and friends
Below are several common questions and concerns to help get you started.
Supporting someone else
If there is someone in your life whose gambling is causing you concern, our advice can help you to support them and yourself.
Advice to support someone else
Signs of gambling harms
Gambling harms can be hard to spot, so understanding the signs is an important step towards getting the right support.  
Learn about gambling harms
Help with finances
We have a range of advice to help manage your finances, including setting spending limits, tracking expenses, and finding support for debt.  
Get advice about finances
Gambling stories
1. Gambling isn't just about the money
Show more videos

"I actively ask anybody to consider when they are gambling to look at the deeper reasons, and not just the money. The reasons you're doing it is usually something else."

Watch Bianca's story
Watch Bianca's story (6 mins 08 secs)
News: New research shows overwhelming public support for the National Lottery to signpost to gambling harm support services
GambleAware issues urgent call to the National Lottery to signpost gambling support services on its products and advertising.
View article
The GambleAware Support Tool: Summary of evidence and rationale for development
This report explores the gap between the people experiencing harm from gambling and those able to access formal support. The role of digital interventions is considered in the context of their ability to reach individuals who may otherwise be unable or unwilling to access formal treatment, with a particular focus on the new GambleAware Support Tool app.
Read report
Research: Annual GB Treatment and Support Survey 2023
Our annual survey offers an up to date understanding of usage and relative demand for treatment and support for gambling harms across GB.
Read report
Previous slide
Next slide
Is this page useful?
Yes
No
However you’re feeling right now, we’re here to help.

The National Gambling Support Network helps people struggling with gambling, and people who are worried about someone else’s gambling.

Call or chat online to an advisor, and speak one-to-one for confidential advice, information and support.

Delivered by GamCare.

Available 24/7 • Great Britain only

Find support in your area
Live chat
Call 0808 8020 133
Terms and conditions
Policies
Branding and logos
About us
Contact us
Copyright 2025 GambleAware®
x
facebook
instagram