Search 
Support us
GamCare
Looking for support?
Recovery toolkit
Understanding your gambling
 Menu
0808 8020 133
Gambling Harm Support Starts Here

Call 0808 8020 133. When you’re ready to talk, we’re ready to listen.

Call us now

Speak to a Helpline adviser on 0808 8020 133, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Live Chat

Chat with a Helpline adviser.

WhatsApp

WhatsApp with a Helpline adviser on 0808 8020 133.

Online Community

Connect with others who have experienced similar situation through our online peer support spaces, including daily live chatrooms and 24/7 forums spaces.

Email Us

Email our Online Support Team on help@gamcare.org.uk who can support you with gambling harms including discussing all the options available to you.

Find Local Support

Talk to someone in your local area for support about gambling harm.

MyGamCare
Make changes to your gambling behaviours and take those first steps today...
Set personalised goals
Track your mood & urges
Read & bookmark resources
Find out more
Use MyGamCare
Your recovery toolkit

Information, tools and support you can do on your own

Blocking software

How to block access to gambling sites, account and marketing messages.

Learn more
Self-exclusion

Ask businesses to exclude you from gambling for a set amount of time.

Learn more
Money management

Ways you can deal with debt and other financial difficulties related to gambling.

Learn more
Workbooks and Self-Guided Resources

Exercise designed to help you change your relationship with gambling, at your own place.

Learn more
View All
Your Stories

Overcoming problems with gambling is possible. Read more stories from people we have helped >>

“I started gambling in my 30s, at first when I went to see greyhound racing. Then I took a trip to a casino and played roulette. Before I knew it, I was preoccupied with gambling, and I thought nothing of losing £1,000 a night. Then my husband told me we needed to relocate because of his …
Linda, 57, South West England
“The fact that I’ve used that service [GAMSTOP] with the blocking software and the counselling has given me three big pillars to stand on.”
Anon, TalkBanStop
The time Jason spent with the unit raised awareness about gambling addiction, gave the chain of command some useful tools to help spot and identify gambling behaviours. I would thoroughly recommend GamCare to any unit looking  to include gambling in their health and wellbeing committees.
Adjutant, Regular unit
The first thing I would say is that for anyone looking for help, you are not alone. There are organisations like GamCare, Gamban and GAMSTOP, that have great tools and people to help get you through the tough times.
Trent, Nottinghamshire
Just wanted to thank each one of you for all the help and advice during my journey dealing with problem gambling. You all honestly saved my life during early stages of my recovery and the support and time spend listening to me on the NetLine is much appreciated. Thank you for showing me the way …
Anonymous (caller)
I just want to express my sincere thanks to the GamCare team for their time and commitment – this is something that I should have done a long, long time ago. No matter what situation you are in, contact GamCare for help. It's so easy and so very worth it. As I write this I am on day 95 of my …
Anonymous
“I started gambling in my 30s, at first when I went to see greyhound racing. Then I took a trip to a casino and played roulette. Before I knew it, I was preoccupied with gambling, and I thought nothing of losing £1,000 a night. Then my husband told me we needed to relocate because of his …
Linda, 57, South West England
“The fact that I’ve used that service [GAMSTOP] with the blocking software and the counselling has given me three big pillars to stand on.”
Anon, TalkBanStop
The time Jason spent with the unit raised awareness about gambling addiction, gave the chain of command some useful tools to help spot and identify gambling behaviours. I would thoroughly recommend GamCare to any unit looking  to include gambling in their health and wellbeing committees.
Adjutant, Regular unit
The first thing I would say is that for anyone looking for help, you are not alone. There are organisations like GamCare, Gamban and GAMSTOP, that have great tools and people to help get you through the tough times.
Trent, Nottinghamshire
Just wanted to thank each one of you for all the help and advice during my journey dealing with problem gambling. You all honestly saved my life during early stages of my recovery and the support and time spend listening to me on the NetLine is much appreciated. Thank you for showing me the way …
Anonymous (caller)
I just want to express my sincere thanks to the GamCare team for their time and commitment – this is something that I should have done a long, long time ago. No matter what situation you are in, contact GamCare for help. It's so easy and so very worth it. As I write this I am on day 95 of my …
Anonymous

Use left and right arrow keys to navigate.

Previous
Next
Latest News
View all posts
We’re still here for you
23rd December 2025
GamCare Enters Statutory Levy Era From ‘Position of Strength’
22nd December 2025
Why so many struggle in silence at Christmas
17th December 2025
We’re up for a Smiley Award!
5th December 2025
Call for voices: Help us learn what works for women
3rd December 2025
How to talk to someone about their gambling
2nd December 2025
Black Friday Gifting: Protecting your child from online harm
24th November 2025
GamCare welcomes announcement of new Men’s Health Strategy
19th November 2025
Are women more vulnerable to gambling during menopause?
12th November 2025
A day in the life of a Money Guidance Specialist
3rd November 2025
Talk Money Week 2025: Taking Control of Your Finances After Gambling
1st November 2025
Podcast: Raminta speaks to Money Advice Trust
13th October 2025

Use left and right arrow keys to navigate.

Share this page 

Donations are vital in helping us to reach more people impacted by gambling harm.

 Make a Donation

GamCare Newsletter

Keep up to date with our work

Sign up
About us
What support do we provide?
Our Model of Care
Our Executive Leadership Team
Our Operational Leadership Team
Board of Trustees
Work for GamCare
Inclusion & Diversity
Lived Experience Community
Volunteer as a GamCare Online Peer Supporter
Contact us
Data and Insight
Research
Donations and Funding
Outreach and Training
Specialised Training on Women and Gambling Harm
Working with the Criminal Justice System
Gambling Related Financial Harm
For Gambling Businesses
Helpline Transfers
Armed Forces Project
Support leaflets
News and Blog
Latest news
Blog
Privacy
Privacy – Support and Treatment Services
Privacy Policy for Fundraising Activities
Online Group Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
GamCare account rules
Data Sheets
Languages
中文
العربية
Türkçe
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ / ﺏﺎﺠﻨﭘ
Русский язык
ภาษาไทย
polski
Svenska
italiano
français
Deutsch
Cymraeg
Lietuvių
Română
Follow us
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin

Website Privacy Policy Terms and conditions

© GamCare 2025 All rights reserved. GamCare is a Company Limited by Guarantee, Registered in England No. 3297914 | A Charity Registered in England No. 1060005; Registered in Scotland No. SC050547 | Unit 751-760, Salisbury House, 29 Finsbury Circus, London, EC2M 5SQ | Supported by GambleAware | This content is not intended for an audience under 18 years of age

Talk to someone (UK)
In order for GamCare to analyse how many people are visiting our site, what pages they look at, and how long they stay on each page, this website uses cookies to help us continually improve and develop the service we offer you. This also helps us to know whether we are meeting key priorities.
Cookie settingsACCEPT