GameRevolution Skip to content Twitter Facebook Instagram Twitch Youtube Discord GameRevolution Open Close Menu Home Open menu News PC PlayStation Nintendo Xbox Film TV Open menu Reviews Gaming Film TV Tech Open menu Guides Gaming Film TV Tech Games Videos Best Products Search Close Search 8 SIVGA Nightingale PRO Earphones Review The SIVGA Nightingale PRO is a bold evolution from the original Nightingale, tweaking more than you might expect when it… Tech 1 hour ago New Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Rumors Include S Pen & Upgraded Battery Still leading the foldable smartphone segment, Samsung is reportedly preparing the Galaxy Z Fold 8. The device is rumored to… News 6 hours ago OpenAI Recruiting ‘Head of Preparedness’ To Tackle Evolving AI OpenAI is hiring a senior role to help the company prepare for the risks that come with artificial intelligence getting… News 9 hours ago One Piece Live-Action Star’s TCG Card Collection Is Every Fan’s Dream Mackenyu, who plays Roronoa Zoro in Netflix’s One Piece, showed fans that his connection to the franchise extends far beyond… Games 1 day ago LEGO’s Biggest Ever Lord of the Rings Set Leaked Online In news that has brickheads buzzing with anticipation, LEGO is gearing up to release one of its largest sets ever.… News 1 day ago OpenAI Brings Spotify-Style Year-End Review to ChatGPT Users ChatGPT has introduced a year-end review, akin to Spotify Wrapped, which has remained one of the most popular features of… News 1 day ago Gaming Culture Adin Ross Says His Pronouns Are ‘Kill/Them’ in Stream Rant Another day, another drama. News 3 years ago Linus Tech Tips YouTube Channel Hacked by Elon Musk Deepfake Crypto Scammer The channel has been terminated. News 3 years ago JustaMinx Has Fight With Sister on Twitch After Streamer Awards Drama A sad state of affairs. News 3 years ago Return to Silent Hill Cast and Plot Confirmed, Filming Starts Next Month The Hills Have Eyes. News 3 years ago Gaming News OpenAI Lets Users Adjust ChatGPT’s Warmth & Enthusiasm In the race to make Artificial Intelligence (AI) interactions more and more coherent with human interactions, ChatGPT has now added… News Evolve Editors Kim Kardashian’s Fortnite Skin Breaks This Record Days After Release Kim Kardashian has officially made gaming history. Just days after its debut, the business mogul’s Fortnite skin has broken records,… News Evolve Editors Fortnite Fans Want Pokémon Crossover Following Viral Sidekick Mod Fortnite fans are demanding a collab after a modder showed them what it would look like if Pokémons joined the… News Evolve Editors Apple’s iPhone Fold Reportedly Leaked in YouTuber’s Clip YouTuber Jon Prosser has reportedly leaked Apple’s new iPhone Fold amid a lawsuit by the company for allegedly leaking iOS… Tech Evolve Editors FaZe Clan Faces Mass Members’ Exit, Triggering ‘Ending’ Rumors A wave of members ending their contracts with FaZe Clan over Christmas has left fans shocked. They are questioning if… News Evolve Editors Samsung’s Z Trifold Breaks During Bend Test In a test that got tech enthusiasts on the edge of their seats, Samsung‘s latest innovation, the Galaxy Z Trifold,… News Evolve Editors Read more news Reviews 9 DXRACER Martian Pro Gaming Chair Review The DXRACER Martian Pro takes what makes a premium gaming chair so good, with a comfortable yet ergonomic shape, adjustable… Tech 1 day ago 9 Insta360 X4 Air 360 Action Cam Review The Insta360 X4 Air sees the company take a step back from the flagship X5 and give the previous model… Tech 1 day ago 9 Wobkey Zen65 Keyboard Review The Wobkey Zen65 could well be the last 65% keyboard you ever need. The company has taken what makes its… Tech 2 weeks ago X About Us Contact us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Grading System Ad choices Twitter Facebook Instagram Twitch Youtube Discord GameRevolution is a property of Evolve Media (Australia) PTY LTD . © 2025 All Rights Reserved. | Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media (Australia) PTY LTD, and its owned and operated subsidiaries may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links.