Gamepressure - Game News, Reviews and Guides - gamepressure.com  Gamepressure.com - Game Reviews, News and Game Guides    Newsroom Games Reviews Features Download Guides Interactive Maps  Newsroom  All News Gaming How To Movies & TV Tech Trending News Archive Games  Popular Upcoming PC Xbox PlayStation Nintendo Release Dates Tier List Game Companies Advanced Search Features  Reviews Originals Feature Archive Download  Main Game Mods Game Patches Full Games and Demos Game Trainers Cheat Engine Top New Game Guides  All Game Guides RPG Action Strategy Adventure Simulation Sports Arcade Interactive Maps more  It's not the end of exclusive games, says former Sony executive It's not the end of exclusive games, says former Sony executive. „If Mario starts appearing on PlayStation, that's the apocalypse” Baldur's Gate 3 director warns those who want to „prepare” for Divinity by playing older games in the series „They're a bit outdated.” Baldur's Gate 3 director warns those who want to „prepare” for Divinity by playing older installments World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0 World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0: relations with the community and that pesky artillery Sony patents artificial intelligence-based real-time game censoring tech Sony is alarming players with an idea that seems to be taken straight from Black Mirror. It's about censoring video games in real time Naughty Dog had to cunch to finish the demo End of remote work and 60 hours a week. Demo of Naughty Dog's new game was born amid a crunch atmosphere AI „won't make The Witcher 5” AI „won't make The Witcher 5,” but CD Projekt Red doesn't despise it. Artificial intelligence isn't responsible for massive layoffs in the game industry 2026 will be biggest year in Blizzard's history This is expected to be the biggest year in the company's history. Blizzard prepares an offensive that will overshadow previous years Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 gets even more popular Interest in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has exploded once again thanks to The Game Awards 2025. There's at least two pieces of evidence to prove it Latest News Games Reviews Features Download Guides Interactive Maps Steam has revealed the biggest winners of 2025. Game of the Year didn't make the list Valve has revealed the games that dominate on Steam in 2025. Among them, there was room not only for big-budget titles, but also for smaller indie titles. video games Martin Bukowski December 30, 2025 Steam has revealed the biggest winners of 2025. Game of the Year didn't make the list Clair Obscur players see „inspiration” from Game of the Year 2025 in a new title from China, much to the annoyance of jRPG fans Chinese studio UP Software revealed a new trailer for Sword and Fairy 4: Remake. Players immediately pointed out the similarity to Clair Obscur: Expedition 33. video games Martin Bukowski December 30, 2025 Clair Obscur players see „inspiration” from Game of the Year 2025 in a new title from China, much to the annoyance of jRPG fans Metroid Prime 4: Beyond review: A strong return with uneven new ideas Metroid Prime 4: Beyond review: A strong return with uneven new ideas Reviews  Reviews Kirby Air Riders review: Simple controls, surprising depth Project Motor Racing review: A full-price game that feels like Early Access Dispatch review: Feeling the weight of your choices Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 review: More Destiny than Black Ops Hyrule Warriors: Age of Imprisonment review: Musou mayhem meets Zelda magic Dark Souls creator doesn't consider himself the father of the new action RPG genre The creator of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls believes that crediting him with inventing the soulslike genre is a slight exaggeration. video games Adrian Werner December 30, 2025 Dark Souls creator doesn't consider himself the father of the new action RPG genre 3 games to claim on Amazon Prime Gaming, including a cyberpunk RPG from the iconic series At the end of December, Amazon has prepared three games for Amazon Prime Gaming. The most important of these is the fourth installment of the iconic Deus Ex series. video games Christian Pieniazek December 30, 2025 3 games to claim on Amazon Prime Gaming, including a cyberpunk RPG from the iconic series World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0 World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0: relations with the community and that pesky artillery Originals  Originals Games of December 2025. We end the year with two Japanese gems and an old-school platformer Three boss fights were enough. NiOh 3 confirms Team Ninja's craftmanship Games of November 2025. Great month for strategy and nostalgia fans Farewell to Henry. Kingdom Come devs reveal what's next after Deliverance 2 Jason Connell explains Atsu's adaptive combat and the freedom it brings to Ghost of Yotei Discovery in RDR2 after 7 Years. Mysterious phenomenon appears only at night The Western from Rockstar apparently still hides some secrets. Players have stumbled upon a clue to an unsolved Easter Egg. Cooldown Alexandra Sokol December 29, 2025 Discovery in RDR2 after 7 Years. Mysterious phenomenon appears only at night One Piece couldn't keep up and was beaten by the best new manga of 2025 Manga Plus has revealed which series did best in 2025. Chainsaw Man and One Piece had to give way to a newcomer, which includes this year's most popular chapter. Cooldown Edyta Jastrzebska December 29, 2025 One Piece couldn't keep up and was beaten by the best new manga of 2025 Guides & Maps  Game Guides Guide Last update: November 18, 2025 Dispatch Guide Dispatch guide, walkthrough are the best tips and tricks for beginners, all episodes, shifts, all important choices, all endings, missing teens, romances. Dispatch Guide It's not the end of exclusive games, says former Sony executive. „If Mario starts appearing on PlayStation, that's the apocalypse” The former PlayStation chief believes that exclusive titles still have „tremendous value.” In his opinion, they are what make „platforms really shine”. video games Martin Bukowski December 29, 2025 It's not the end of exclusive games, says former Sony executive. „If Mario starts appearing on PlayStation, that's the apocalypse” PoE 2 players complain about the „death” of the new season. All because of one exploit This has caused high inflation in a market flooded with virtual currency, making it unaffordable for many people to purchase items. video games Martin Bukowski December 29, 2025 PoE 2 players complain about the „death” of the new season. All because of one exploit Editor's Choice  Editor's Choice Matthias Pawlikowski World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0 World of Tanks director under a barrage of questions. An honest talk about WOT 2.0 Patrick Manelski We end the year with two Japanese gems and an old-school platformer We end the year with two Japanese gems and an old-school platformer Matthew Sawka Three boss fights were enough. NiOh 3 confirms Team Ninja's craftmanship Three boss fights were enough. NiOh 3 confirms Team Ninja's craftmanship Darius Matusiak Farewell to Henry. Kingdom Come devs reveal what's next after Deliverance 2 Farewell to Henry. Kingdom Come devs reveal what's next after Deliverance 2 Free RTS that combines Command & Conquer universes with new missions and co-op mode Combined Arms, a free-to-play RTS combining elements from the Tiberium and Red Alert series, has received version 1.08. The update added, among other things, six new story missions and the option to play the campaign in cooperative mode. Files and Mods Adrian Werner December 28, 2025 Free RTS that combines Command & Conquer universes with new missions and co-op mode Meaningful decisions through limited choice. How the devs behind Tiny Bookshop were inspired to design their hit cozy game In a brief interview with the designer of Tiny Bookshop, I learned how Pokémon inspired their concept of meaningful decisions through limited choices. video games Matt Buckley December 25, 2025 Meaningful decisions through limited choice. How the devs behind Tiny Bookshop were inspired to design their hit cozy game Release Dates  Release Dates December 1, 2025 Marvel Cosmic Invasion Marvel Cosmic Invasion December 12, 2025 Terminator 2D: No Fate Terminator 2D: No Fate January 6, 2026 StarRupture StarRupture January 9, 2026 Pathologic 3 Pathologic 3 January 13, 2026 Hytale Hytale January 20, 2026 Quarantine Zombies Quarantine Zombies „They're a bit outdated.” Baldur's Gate 3 director warns those who want to „prepare” for Divinity by playing older installments Swen Vincke doesn't recommend checking out the old installments of the Divinity series before the release of the new RPG from the creators of Baldur's Gate 3. In a few sentences, he explained why. video games Jacob Blazewicz December 23, 2025 „They're a bit outdated.” Baldur's Gate 3 director warns those who want to „prepare” for Divinity by playing older installments „It's an unimaginable loss.” Gaming industry reacts to the death of Vince Zampella, one of the fathers of modern first-person shooters EA DICE, Infinity Ward, and Respawn Entertainment are not the only developers mourning the sudden death of Vince Zampella, along with fans of the CoD and BF series. video games Jacob Blazewicz December 23, 2025 „It's an unimaginable loss.” Gaming industry reacts to the death of Vince Zampella, one of the fathers of modern first-person shooters Popular Game Guides  Popular Game Guides Dispatch Guide Dispatch Guide Medieval Dynasty Guide Medieval Dynasty Guide Diablo 4 Guide Diablo 4 Guide PoE 2 Guide PoE 2 Guide Expedition 33 Guide Expedition 33 Guide No Man's Sky Game Guide No Man's Sky Game Guide Wartales map and guide Wartales map and guide Mount and Blade 2 Bannerlord Guide Mount and Blade 2 Bannerlord Guide Fallout 3 was described as „Oblivion with guns” and the studio decided to bet on this instead of fighting it Pete Hines, Bethesda's former head of marketing, revealed in a recent interview that the studio deliberately accepted the controversial „Oblivion with guns” patch tacked onto Fallout 3 instead of fighting it. video games Peter Doron December 23, 2025 Fallout 3 was described as „Oblivion with guns” and the studio decided to bet on this instead of fighting it 2 historic Fallout games available on Amazon Prime Gaming Today, Amazon Prime Gaming subscribers can grab two more games prepared for December. video games Christian Pieniazek December 23, 2025 2 historic Fallout games available on Amazon Prime Gaming Sony is alarming players with an idea that seems to be taken straight from Black Mirror. It's about censoring video games in real time Sony patents artificial intelligence-based real-time game censoring technology that sounds like the script for an episode of Black Mirror. video games Peter Doron December 22, 2025 Sony is alarming players with an idea that seems to be taken straight from Black Mirror. It's about censoring video games in real time Finished script for Bad Company 3 is waiting for a better moment. Lead designer of the second installment points to the only person who can change that The chances of a Battlefield: Bad Company comeback are rather slim, but one former developer does not completely rule it out after the success of BF6. video games Jacob Blazewicz December 22, 2025 Finished script for Bad Company 3 is waiting for a better moment. Lead designer of the second installment points to the only person who can change that New on Steam. A free action RPG with unpopular mechanics removed, and an MMO inspired by Tibia This week, games such as Duet Night Abyss, Wreckborn, Quarantine Zombies, Taxi Chaos 2, and Ethernia will be released on Steam. video games Adrian Werner December 22, 2025 New on Steam. A free action RPG with unpopular mechanics removed, and an MMO inspired by Tibia Chris Sawyer's Locomotion can finally reach it's full potential with new OpenLoco A new version of OpenLoco, a mod that modernizes Chris Sawyer's Locomotion classic strategy game, has been released. The project finally got a 64-bit edition. Files and Mods Adrian Werner December 21, 2025 Chris Sawyer's Locomotion can finally reach it's full potential with new OpenLoco Most important question of the series without answer. Only Dead Space 4 could reveal the truth about the Necromorphs The story told in the Dead Space series didn't live to see its conclusion. However, Visceral Games studio had an interesting idea for Dead Space 4. Another thing is that the third installment would have looked different if not for Electronic Arts.... video games Christian Pieniazek December 21, 2025 Most important question of the series without answer. Only Dead Space 4 could reveal the truth about the Necromorphs End of remote work and 60 hours a week. Demo of Naughty Dog's new game was born amid a crunch atmosphere Naughty Dog was expected to return to the crunch (at least temporarily) to meet the deadline imposed by Sony for the development of Intergalactic: The Heretic Prophet. video games Jacob Blazewicz December 19, 2025 End of remote work and 60 hours a week. Demo of Naughty Dog's new game was born amid a crunch atmosphere She's the new Lara Croft, but she still lives in fear. Trauma after Perfect Dark changed the actress' approach to the industry The actress playing Lara Croft still hasn't recovered from the cancellation of Perfect Dark, and Alix Wilton Regan still has concerns about whether she will lose another role without any warning. video games Jacob Blazewicz December 19, 2025 She's the new Lara Croft, but she still lives in fear. Trauma after Perfect Dark changed the actress' approach to the industry „A lot has become lost in translation.” Swen Vincke suggests that the scandal surrounding Divinity is a big misunderstanding The CEO of the Larian studio has promised that players will soon be able to ask developers from various departments themselves to get an in-depth look at how AI is being used there. video games Adrian Werner December 19, 2025 „A lot has become lost in translation.” Swen Vincke suggests that the scandal surrounding Divinity is a big misunderstanding Stuck in development limbo for years, ARK 2 is now planned for 2028 Five years after its first revealed and after many delays, ARK 2 finally has a new release window. It’s been a long road, but 2028 is now the earliest fans can expect the game to drop. video games Olga Racinowska December 19, 2025 Stuck in development limbo for years, ARK 2 is now planned for 2028 Few people know about it, but it's an RPG mixing Dark Souls and NieR that has received excellent reviews on Steam, and its first DLC will be released soon A mix of a science fiction action RPG and slasher titled AI Limit will get two expansions. The first, which will focus on combat, is expected to be released soon. video games Christian Pieniazek December 19, 2025 Few people know about it, but it's an RPG mixing Dark Souls and NieR that has received excellent reviews on Steam, and its first DLC will be released soon AI „won't make The Witcher 5,” but CD Projekt Red doesn't despise it. Artificial intelligence isn't responsible for massive layoffs in the game industry A CD Projekt board member can't imagine replacing employees with AI tools. Artificial intelligence alone „will not make The Witcher 5”. video games Zuzanna Domeradzka December 19, 2025 AI „won't make The Witcher 5,” but CD Projekt Red doesn't despise it. Artificial intelligence isn't responsible for massive layoffs in the game industry More News News Games Reviews Features Download Guides Interactive Maps RDR2 Guide Cyberpunk 2077 Guide Ghost of Yotei Interactive map BG3 Guide AC Shadows Guide How to Find and Activate Hall of the Penitent in Diablo 4 Kingdom Come 2 Interactive Map BG3 Interactive Map Copyright © 2000 - 2025 Webedia Polska SA