Username or Email 
Password 
 Remember Me

I forget my password

Don't have an account? Sign up!
Login
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Language:  EN FR DE
Home
Learn More
Create A Site
Plan Comparison
Blog
Forums
Improve your guild, clan or team with a free website.
Organize and communicate!
 
Looking to join a game community? Our recruitment tool will help you find one!
Looking to Replace your Guild Portal Site?

We've seen the news about Guild Portal and we'd like to help with a special Guild Portal promotion. Guild Portal may be down, but we can help you get your game community back on its feet.

eSports Team, Clan & Community Hosting
Teams, Tournaments, Scrimmage Support and More

With tightly integrated team, tournament and scrimmage support, our eSports functionality is top notch. Whether you play SMITE, DOTA 2, League of Legends, Overwatch or many other MOBAs, we have some of the best features and functionality just for you.

Scrimmage Finder

Find a scrimmage
or teams to scrim against.

Host Your eSports Community

MMO Community Hosting
Guilds, Clans, Kinships, Corporations & More

We host over 250,000 community sites for World of Warcraft, Guild Wars 2, SWTOR, TESO and many other MMO games. Features include roster imports from various APIs, DKP support for any game, rostering, role information as well as advanced forums, image galleries, Wiki functionality and much more. Create Guild Site

Clan & Gaming Community Hosting
FPS Clans, Console Clans & More

Gamer Launch frees clans and gaming communities from forum systems not tailored to the needs of FPS and console clans with hosting made just for you. We have world class support for Destiny, Call of Duty, Battlefield and many other FPS and Console games. Create Your Clan Site

Minecraft Server Sites
Promote and organize your Minecraft Server

Full community support including forums, image galleries and more means you can focus on your Minecraft server community, not the techncial side of building a site. We have server status widgets available and site integrated server permissions management coming soon! Create Minecraft Server Site

A Massive Gaming Community
More than 4.5 Million Users Make Gamer Launch Their Home

With more than 600 games supported, and a user base of more than 4.5 million, we have you covered. With recruiting, community and rostering functionality we can help your game community have more fun and be more successful.

Gamer Launch is the most advanced website builder available for game communities of all types and every site includes a 7 day free trial so you can see what we are all about with zero risk.

Create Your Community Site
500K Guilds, Clans, Teams & Other Player Communities
600+ Titles Supported Across All Gaming Platforms For all Genres & Communities: FPS, MMO, RTS, MOBA, Sandbox, Sims, Fansites, Podcasts, & More!
Recruit
Custom recruiting applications
Member management
Character roster importing
Full recruiting features
Learn More
Communicate
Custom websites
Member & Public forums
Calendar & admin functions
Full community management features
Learn More
Achieve
Rapid raid (DKP)
Team Management
In-game features & mods
Full raid tracking features
Learn More
Features at a Glance
 The most complete guild website builder platform available.
 Full Drag & Drop support for Widgets & Content Customization.
 Highly customizable guild applications.
 Full Domain Support Available.
 Guild forums, shoutbox, integrated chat.
 Sub-Domain Included.
 Total Control - Full CSS Support Available.
 Phone Support for ALL Users.
 Massive template selection with tools to make them your own.
 Ventrilo Voice Servers.
 Multi-Game Support: Cross server, cross faction, different games.
 Widget configuration.
 Complete social integration.
 Even More Hosting Features.
Get Started Today!
Custom Sig Generator Learn about Advertising with us Community
Guild Launch is now Gamer Launch
Since 2006 Guild Launch has been providing gamers of all kinds a place to host their gaming community. We love the Guild Launch name and we love what we've built, but in recent years we've seen a significant influx of players from a variety of other gaming communities including MOBAs and Minecraft. With the evolution of the online space we wanted to evolve the Guild Launch name to encompass our entire gaming community, so we have rebranded Guild Launch to Gamer Launch. We are still the same company with support for nearly every game on the planet and now our name reflects that.
Latest from Gamer Launch
Tweets by @GuildLaunch
Product Info
Home
Login
Create an Account
Create Your Site
Find a Site
Learn More
You're Covered
Made For You
Guild Hosting
Guild Websites
Clan Hosting
Minecraft Server Websites
Community
Affiliates
Partners
Community Site
Twitch Streamers
Support
Sig Launch
Game Addons
About Gamer Launch
Advertise
Press
Join the Team
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security

All content © Copyright 2025 Launch Media Network.
Gamer Launch® is a trademark of Launch Media Network™.