GamoVation B.V. - Game Developer & Publisher Who we are Executive team Press Contact Affiliate 0 players are Currently playing great games like these: online 2022 MAHJONG CLUB Get ready for a new, original and challenging Mahjong Solitaire game. The goal in Mahjong Club is to match identical tiles in order to remove them from the board. When all tiles have been removed, you will have solved the mahjong puzzle! + More Info Available on Google Play store App store Mahjong Web 2023 TILE CLUB Unlock the addictively fun world of Tile Club, where matching tiles has never been more exciting! Play now on Android and iOS and let the matching mania begin! + More Info Available on Google Play store App store 2022 SUDOKU CLUB Join the Sudoku Club - Your brain's ultimate workout, now at your fingertips! Unleash your puzzle prowess on Android and iOS! + More Info Available on Google Play store App store 2021 CHESS CLUB Chess Club is our recently released Chess application for Android and iOS. Play Chess against 8 different AI levels and become a grandmaster. Will you join the club? + More Info Available on Google Play store App store 2020 QUICK CHECKERS Play the Classic Checkers game from your childhood now on your mobile device against other players and friends around the world. This multiplayer online checkers game is available for both Android and iOS. + More Info Available on Google Play store App store 2013 FISHAO Are you ready to play with thousands of other players in the world of FISHAO? Try to catch over 500 different fish in over 20 different unlockable areas related to the real world. Customize your character, chat with other people around the world, meet new friends, compete in tournaments, breed new fish and many more options! + More Info RIP 2023 2014 MafiaBattle Participate in illegal activities to gain cash, get rid of the police, gamble your dirty money at the casino, and join your friends as you battle in wars against other families. And that’s just scratching the surface in terms of things to do in the game! + More Info Available on Web browser Need game support? Who we are At GamoVation, we specialize in creating fun and engaging mobile games that delight players around the world. Based in Zwolle, the Netherlands, our company was founded in 2010 with a mission to combine gaming with innovation, which is reflected in our name. We initially made our mark with successful web games like FISHAO and MafiaBattle, which attracted millions of players. However, we have since shifted our focus exclusively to mobile gaming. Today, our games have been installed over 150 million times, with our most popular titles being Mahjong Club and Tile Club. Our goal is simple: to create enjoyable games that keep players engaged and entertained for years to come. At GamoVation, we believe in innovation, stunning designs, and user-friendly interfaces that leave a lasting impression. Our dedicated team of game enthusiasts from various countries is passionate about delivering top-quality mobile gaming experiences. We ensure that millions of players can enjoy our games anytime, anywhere. EXECUTIVE TEAM Daimy Stroeve Founder & Director Daimy started off by building websites as a 12-year old back in 2001, before moving to browser games in 2008. He is creative and practical, and enjoys the management aspect of running a business entity. In 2013, Daimy was acclaimed for his astute innovative skills by being listed, alongside Joppe, in the 25 under 25 most promising Dutch entrepreneurs by Sprout Magazine. He relishes a competitive business environment and is currently responsible for coming up with game designs and management of the day-to-day operations of the company. Joppe Houpt Founder & Director Joppe has always been intrigued by online business ever since he was young. He began building simple websites but gradually undertook more advanced projects before finally focusing on games at age 19, alongside his business partner Daimy. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Groningen, and is the Director in charge of marketing, product development and running the daily operations of the business. He has formed several companies in the past, having the overriding ambition to reach millions of users worldwide with creative, innovative content. DIFFERENT TIMEZONES ONE AMAZING TEAM Mexico Ecuador Bolivia Venezuela Belgium Netherlands Ukraine Malaysia Spain PRESS December 1, 2014 GamoVation presents MafiaBattle, a new MMO game for Desktop, Facebook and Mobile PDF August 27, 2013 GamoVation presents new real-time online multiplayer game "FISH ALWAYS ONLINE" (FISHAO) PDF Media enquiries info@gamovation.com CONTACT Send Message GamoVation B.V. Dokter van deenweg 162 8025 BM Zwolle The Netherlands VAT ID: NL823142292B01 © 2018 GamoVation B.V. Privacy Policy / GDPR 2013 FISHAO Are you ready to play with thousands of other players in the world of FISHAO? Try to catch over 500 different fish in over 20 different unlockable areas related to the real world. Customize your character, chat with other people around the world, meet new friends, compete in tournaments, breed new fish and many more options! RIP 2023 2014 MafiaBattle Participate in illegal activities to gain cash, get rid of the police, gamble your dirty money at the casino, and join your friends as you battle in wars against other families. And that’s just scratching the surface in terms of things to do in the game! Available on Web browser Need game support? 2020 QUICK CHECKERS Play the Classic Checkers game from your childhood now on your mobile device against other players and friends around the world. This multiplayer online checkers game is available for both Android and iOS. Available on Google Play store App store 2021 CHESS CLUB Chess Club is our recently released Chess application for Android and iOS. Play Chess against 8 different AI levels and become a grandmaster. Will you join the club? Available on Google Play store App store 2022 MAHJONG CLUB Get ready for a new, original and challenging Mahjong Solitaire game. The goal in Mahjong Club is to match identical tiles in order to remove them from the board. When all tiles have been removed, you will have solved the mahjong puzzle! Available on Google Play store App store Mahjong Web 2023 TILE CLUB Unlock the addictively fun world of Tile Club, where matching tiles has never been more exciting! Play now on Android and iOS and let the matching mania begin! Available on Google Play store App store 2022 SUDOKU CLUB Join the Sudoku Club - Your brain's ultimate workout, now at your fingertips! Unleash your puzzle prowess on Android and iOS! Available on Google Play store App store