Skip to main content
Create a website
Products
Businesses
Discounts
Blog
Help
Log in
A domain name for a secure online space

Included services, free for the first year

SSL certificate
2 custom mailboxes
Anycast and DNSSEC
Get 68% off on your yearly web hosting subscription! 🚀 The package includes a domain name, 2 custom email addresses, and web hosting
Gather all your web projects under a single interface
50% off your first website

Website creation accessible to all. Launch your first blog, showcase site, or online shop in one click. 50% off for a yearly subscription!

Your domain name is included for free with your hosting!

Create a website
Personalized emails

Enhance the value of your online identity with secure and accessible email based on your domain name.


Create unlimited email addresses using your website's name

Create my email address
Your SSL certificates

Improve your credibility, security, and search engine ranking of your site by easily managing your certificates.

Unlimited with web hosting, or free for 1 year with a domain name

Secure my website
Your VPS servers

Keep control over the hosting of your web projects thanks to our VPS offer. Starting at €5.00 excl. taxes/month.

New

See hosting and cloud solutions

User experience is at the heart of our development process, your feedback is the source of product improvement.

Easily launch your project with Gandi

We accompany you step-by-step as you start your professional web projects.

Start step-by-step

Benefit from robust and reliable services for your web project and those of your customers.
Public API

Automatize your products' management with our API.

Available for all our products

See how it's used

Infra-as-Code to pilot your servers

Deploy your servers and control your cloud infrastructure thanks to Terraform's stateful management. Starting at €5.00 excl. taxes/month.

Manage my servers

WordPress, Prestashop, and other open-source solutions

Gain time for your web hosting: deploy well-known, open-source solutions in just a few clicks.

Benefit from automatic installation

Anycast DNS, DNSSEC, anti-DDoS solutions

Ensure the security of your users and be sure that your website remains available everywhere in the world, thanks to advanced DNS features.

Secure your domain names

Protected emails

Prevent unauthorized connections to your email mailboxes, with two-factor authentication.

Protect my mailboxes

Extended validation, multi-domain SAN, wildcard

Cover your services using several domain names with SSL/TLS multi-domain and wildcard certificates, or protect your commercial transactions with a Business certificate.

Manage my domain names and subdomains

Spike in traffic, pirating, technical outage, environmental incident...so many unexpected events for which we do everything possible to guarantee the service continuity of your projects.

Key accounts: protect your online identity with a personalized service

Our service dedicated to the protection of your trademarks online. 20-years of experience by experts who are dedicated and available every day.

Protect and accompany

Benefit from the legal and technical expertise of your dedicated account agent.

Monitor and defend

Automatically monitor your trademark on the internet and block fraudulent websites.

Secure

Access your account, configure your domains, DNSSEC, profit from our security options at all levels.

See our business services

Your guarantees with Gandi
Choice

A catalog of over 800 available extensions, and a theme-based suggestion search engine to help guide you in finding the ideal domain name.

Ease of use

Securely centralize domain names, hosting, CMS, and email. As a team, you can share roles and permissions with third parties.

Confidentiality

Your website is hosted in France or in Luxembourg. The protection and respect of your privacy and that of your customers is at the heart of our projects.

Need help? Here are all the ways that you can contact us.

Explanations and step-by-step guides to all our products and services
See our documentation

Customer support assistance 24/7
Open a support ticket

Chat directly with the support team
Open a chat window

An idea, suggestion, or remark? Write to us here
We read all your mails, and will always reply.

Expert support, in constant contact with the developers

Customer support is exclusively handled internally, by employees located on 3 continents at our regional offices. You get:

Expert agents who know the products like the back of their hands
Available 24/7 in English, Spanish, Chinese, French, and Japanese
Traceability. Our support replies, emails, and social media replies are signed by name
Promises kept for over 20 years

Gandi manages over 2.5 million domain names, 780,000 email addresses, 55,000 SSL certificates, and hosts over 200,000 websites/applications. With more than 350,000 active users, 8,000 resellers, and 500 key clients, since December 2000, the web has been our passion, but just that: we go one step farther by keeping our promises to you.

Transparency and Integrity
Quality service at the best price: our rates are calculated fairly and clearly, without any billing surprises
Nothing hidden: technical incidents are communicated immediately. Responsibility is taken in the event of failures or bad choices.
Respect of your privacy: secure internet presence for everyone and non-disclosure of personal data.
Reciprocity: products and services that we would like to use ourselves, and that live up to your expectations.
We defend a web that is open to everyone
Web pioneers: Gandi was born out of the desire to oppose and stand up to the large monopolies, so that domain names, and later cloud hosting, would be accessible to as many as possible.
For net neutrality: We believe that net neutrality is a founding principle, and because of this, we are against any idea of an Internet of several speeds.
Open source: Gandi gives preference to open-source solutions that bring transparency and greater liberty to the entire web.
Supported projects: Gandi has a mission of providing the necessary tools needed, and shining a spotlight on initiatives that share our values.
Listen to you: From the community manager to the president, and all the product, legal, and of course the support teams, we have an open dialogue with you to build and improve our products.
See our promises
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I purchase a domain name?
Who does a domain name belong to?
How do I recover or re-purchase a domain name?
What is a web host?
Which web host should I choose?
Get help
News and Sales
See all
25 Years of TWNIC: .tw and .台灣 Domains at NT$262 for a Limited Time

This year marks a major milestone for Taiwan’s national domain registry: TWNIC is celebrating its 25th anniversary.To commemorate the occasion, a rebranding campaign titled “.tw: A New Chapter of Trust” […]

Meet Gandi Corporate Services at both CYBERUK 2025 and UK CYBER WEEK 2025 events

Gandi Corporate Services will be attending CYBERUK 2025, organised by the UK Government, and UK CYBER WEEK 2025. These events will provide an opportunity for Gandi to showcase its online […]

Subscribe to our newsletter

Join the over 175,000 subscribers who have chosen to stay informed of our recent publications and best offers. One email per month. We do not share your data.

Subscribe
You gave us 4 stars
Gandi implements an Information Security Management System that is certified by BSI against the ISO27001:2022 standard.
Change Region
Change Language
Products
Domain Names
All Domain Name Prices
Web Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Nextcloud Hosting
Prestashop Hosting
GandiCloud VPS
Email
SSL Certificates
DNS & Premium DNS
Services
Gandi Corporate Services
Resellers
Small & Medium Businesses
Advanced options for SMBs
Webmail
API
WHOIS
Help & Documentation
Contact Customer Care
Service Status
Documentation
API Documentation
Shop
Register a Domain Name
Transfer a Domain Name
Renew a Domain Name
Web Hosting
Cloud Servers
SSL/TLS Certificates
Legal
Abuse
Terms of Use
Contracts
ICANN Registrant Rights
ICANN Registrant Educational Rights
Payment Information
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Policy
Exercise Your GDPR Rights
Transparency report
About Us
About Gandi
Gandi Supports Alternative Projects
Trust Center
No Bullshit
News
Join Gandi

Explore Gandi & our famous Whois

Chat with us