Privacy Policy Overview

Clickadu s.r.o. is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. This Privacy Statement presents our privacy policy, including our privacy practices. Below is information regarding our commitment to protecting the privacy of Internet users. More...

Information We Collect

We do not collect the online user’s personally identifiable information ("PII") through our Services. Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII") may be collected to offer a range of Services that allow advertisers and publishers to show online users the most useful and relevant ads. More...

Use of Cookies and Pixels

We collect Non-PII through the use of cookies and pixels. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. Cookies are used by our affiliates, service providers or tracking utility company which is not covered by our Privacy Policy.

Subscription Management Guide

Learn how to stop receiving push notifications from specific websites in Chromium. Follow step-by-step instructions for both desktop and mobile versions to adjust notification settings or use a direct settings link for quick management. More...

Disclosure of Information

We do not sell, rent, or share PII collected on our customer’s websites to non-affiliated third parties. Non-PII collected through our Services, and information derived from it, may be disclosed to our customers. More...

User Choice and Opt-Out

You may at all times adjust your computer’s web browser settings to refuse all cookies or opt out of receiving interest-based advertising. More...

Information Security

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against the unauthorized access to, retention of, and disclosure of data. This includes necessary physical, electronic, and management activities required to protect data integrity, access, and use. More...

Children’s Privacy

Our website, products, and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children. If you believe your child has provided us with personally identifiable data, please contact us for removal.

Contacts

Clickadu s.r.o.
Zenklova 32/28, Praha 8 - Libe, 180 00
Czech Republic
Tax ID number 04066260
contact