Home | Gap Inc. Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to main footer Gap Inc. Search Site: About Overview History Leadership Executive Leadership Team Board of Directors Board Committee Composition Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Impact Overview Bridging the Equity Gap P.A.C.E. and RISE Bridging the Inclusion Gap Our Commitments Inclusion and Belonging Groups Equal Pay Bridging the Opportunity Gap Employee Engagement and Corporate Giving Bridging the Climate Gap Water Stewardship Chemicals Management Climate Circularity and Waste Raw Materials and Product Impact Report ESG Resources Governance and Strategy Human Rights and Labor Issues Assurance Statements Past Reports And Disclosures Careers Overview Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Gap Inc. Benefits Talent Areas Technology Global Supply Chain Student and Recent Grads Rotational Management Program Culture Blog Job Search My Saved Jobs Investors Overview Financial Information Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings Interactive Data Tool News and Events Press Releases Events Stock Information Real Estate Analyst Coverage Shareholder Services Governance Corporate Compliance News All News Company Design People Technology Values Press Releases Media Center USA opens modal window to select language Careers Login Search open search close search Search Site: open menu close menu Play Pause What starts here shapes culture. Imagining Better We are building a high-performing house of iconic American brands that shape culture. From the clothes we create to the communities we engage to the culture we shape, everything we do is designed to imagine better. About Us Play Pause Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta We inspire self-expression through four of the most iconic American brands — Old Navy , Gap , Banana Republic , and Athleta . The Latest All News Press Release Gap and Summer Fridays Debut a New Collaboration This Holiday Season Gap Gap and Summer Fridays Debut a New Collaboration This Holiday Season December 8, 2025 Press Release Gap Inc. Is Using AI to Reimagine Retail,   With New Innovations Launching in Time for Cyber Monday Gap Inc. Gap Inc. Is Using AI to Reimagine Retail,   With New Innovations Launching in Time for Cyber Monday November 25, 2025 Press Release Gap Inc. Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results,  Raises Full Year Outlook for Operating Margin Gap Inc. Gap Inc. Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results,  Raises Full Year Outlook for Operating Margin November 20, 2025 Press Release Old Navy and DoorDash Partner to Make Shopping Easier with On-Demand Delivery Old Navy Old Navy and DoorDash Partner to Make Shopping Easier with On-Demand Delivery November 13, 2025 All News Four brands, one company, one culture. Browse Open Positions Bridging gaps to create a better world. From equity, to climate, to opportunity, and inclusion, we believe that progress can be found in the gaps between us. It's in that space that we find our common ground, our shared humanity. Our Impact Investor Information Stock Price $25.90 Change: -0.11 • %Change: -0.42 NYSE: GAP | as of December 30, 2025 4:00 PM EST Learn More Company Company : click to collapse : click to expand About Careers Investors Impact News Follow Us Follow Us : click to collapse : click to expand Facebook X Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Brands Brands : click to collapse : click to expand Old Navy Gap Banana Republic Athleta Help Help : click to collapse : click to expand FAQ Careers Login Contact Us Terms of Use Terms of Use Careers Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Your California Privacy Rights Applicant Privacy Policy UK Modern Slavery Act Americans with Disabilities Act Endorsement Policy 2025 © Gap Inc. All rights reserved Back to top