The proven alternative to security | GardaWorld Security What we do Who we serve Where we are Ambassador Era Join us Contact us US BACK Choose your country or region United States Canada - EN Canada - FR Africa EU, Middle-East, North Africa, Asia LOGIN BACK LOGIN Investors Signature Lists Client portal What we do Who we serve Where we are Ambassador Era Join us EXPLORE OUR SERVICES Complete expert security The proven alternative to security as you know it Our people are different. We are raising the bar for the security industry through our unique approach to hiring, training and supporting our security professionals. LEARN HOW Careers at GardaWorld We provide better security because we hire people who care If you are an ambitious person looking for new challenges and opportunities to grow, you have come to the right place. Security is a dynamic industry and we pride ourselves on our high standards and the determination we see in our team members year after year. JOIN US Our track record High-performing people across the continent Discover why we are the best at what we do Learn more 0 K+ Staff in the U.S. 0 + Offices in 48 States 0 Years in Business Client success stories We earn our clients’ trust every single day "We have had GardaWorld Security Officers in our NA facilities for almost a year. We have been completely satisfied with their performance and services provided. The Security Officers are high quality and we have found them to be always alert and ready to respond to any situation. The account management is stellar at all levels and GardaWorld has gone to great lengths to ensure we are content with the services they provide. Overall a great partnership with GardaWorld." Mickey Winston Senior Global Business Protection Manager Our commitment to service “Our people are what make us different—people who stand out for their consistency, commitment, and character.” Prentice Robertson President & Chief Operations Officer GardaWorld Security U.S. Trends and insights We are raising the bar for the security industry Our deep experience across a wide range of sectors has given us unrivaled insight into the best practices of the security industry today and where trends and technologies will lead the industry tomorrow. EXPLORE Great workplaces deliver great security services. Here’s why. By GardaWorld Security September 3, 2025 | 2 min read What is commercial security? By GardaWorld Security September 23, 2024 | 11 min read What is loss prevention? Strategies and examples By GardaWorld Security September 11, 2024 | 11 min read HOA security: 12 ways to improve safety By GardaWorld Security September 9, 2024 | 7 min read Join our newsletter We’ll send you a nice letter once in a while. No spam. SUBMIT US Join us Working at GardaWorld About us Leadership in the United States Sustainability Certifications Insights Articles Capability sheets Case studies Checklists Videos White papers Events & webinars What we do Security services K9 security Crowd management Who we serve Commercial properties Construction site Data center Financial industry Government services Healthcare Higher education Industrial security Logistics and transportation Mall and retail Manufacturing Oil, gas and energy sectors Ports and logistics security Residential Where we are United States locations Join us About us Insights What we do Who we serve Where we are About GardaWorld Our Businesses © GardaWorld 2026 Privacy Notice Terms of Use Certifications & declarations Cookie Policy Cookies Settings