Garena Home Games Platforms News Support Account Career Games Garena PC Windows Home Home Games Free Fire Arena of Valor Call of Duty®: Mobile – Garena Garena® Delta Force Free City HAIKYU!! FLY HIGH Speed Drifters Garena Undawn Platforms Garena PC Home News Support Account Career Established in 2009, Garena is a leading online games developer and publisher with a global footprint across more than 160 markets. Garena is a part of Sea Limited , a leading global consumer internet company. Sea's mission is to better the lives of consumers and small businesses with technology. What We Do Games Garena exclusively operates top-tier mobile and PC games in selected markets globally. As passionate gamers who understand players’ needs, we speak to our community regularly to ensure they can continue to enjoy the highly engaging experiences they associate with our games. Esports Garena is a leading advocate and organizer of Esports events, ranging from local grassroots tournaments to some of the most viewed professional esports competitions globally. These events celebrate excellence among our players, deepen our connection with our community, and strengthen our game ecosystem. Community Garena champions social and entertainment experiences through games, enabling its communities to engage and interact. This is done through building strong local, regional, and global gaming communities and providing players with enjoyable and relatable campaigns and events. Recent Updates Nov 19, 2025 Garena® Delta Force Garena® Delta Force Wins Google Play Best of 2025 "Best Multiplayer" The achievement marks another milestone in Garena’s commitment to building game experiences that resonate and connect with players Nov 17, 2025 Free Fire FFWS Global Finals 2025 Sets New GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ Title The 2025 season featured 618,778 players across Southeast Asia, South Asia, Latin America, Brazil, and the Middle East and Africa Nov 14, 2025 Garena Garena unveils Choppy Cuts, a creative casual co-op party title The creative co-op title was born from Garena’s internal game jam culture and shaped by a passion for collaboration and play Nov 06, 2025 Arena of Valor Arena of Valor International Championship 2025 returns from 17 November to 7 December 12 teams hailing from the Arena of Glory, Garena Challenger Series, and RoV Pro League will battle for a slice of the USD500,000 prize pool Sep 25, 2025 Garena® Delta Force Garena® Delta Force Launches Collab with Iconic Franchise SAW Players can also look forward to a crossover with KONAMI's METAL GEAR SOLID Δ: SNAKE EATER, coming soon Sep 05, 2025 Call of Duty®: Mobile – Garena Call of Duty®: Mobile – Garena September Cup launches Centred on Battle Royale action, this tournament further expands Call of Duty®: Mobile – Garena’s growing multiplayer tournament ecosystem View more Garena Platforms Garena PC The platform for gamers to play, connect, explore, and more. Users can immerse themselves in the world of gaming with top game titles only available on Garena View more Careers at Garena We want to provide you with a platform to grow and excel as an individual, unleash your potential and make an impact in your region. Apply Today Company About Us Careers Platforms Garena PC Service Support Account Copyright © Garena Online. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy For Parents FAQ Singapore International Singapore Indonesia Malaysia Philippines 臺灣 ราชอาณาจักรไทย 한국 Việt Nam México