Garena Home Games Platforms Careers Account Support Mobile Games Garena PC Windows Home Home Mobile Games Free Fire Garena Delta Force Platforms Garena PC Home Careers Account Support Established in 2009, Garena is a leading online games developer and publisher with a global footprint across more than 160 markets. Garena is a part of Sea Limited , a leading global consumer internet company. Sea's mission is to better the lives of consumers and small businesses with technology. What We Do Games Garena exclusively operates top-tier mobile and PC games in selected markets globally. As passionate gamers who understand players’ needs, we speak to our community regularly to ensure they can continue to enjoy the highly engaging experiences they associate with our games. Esports Garena is a leading advocate and organizer of Esports events, ranging from local grassroots tournaments to some of the most viewed professional esports competitions globally. These events celebrate excellence among our players, deepen our connection with our community, and strengthen our game ecosystem. Community Garena champions social and entertainment experiences through games, enabling its communities to engage and interact. This is done through building strong local, regional, and global gaming communities and providing players with enjoyable and relatable campaigns and events. Garena Platforms Garena PC The platform for gamers to play, connect, explore, and more. Users can immerse themselves in the world of gaming with top game titles only available on Garena View more Careers at Garena We want to provide you with a platform to grow and excel as an individual, unleash your potential and make an impact in your region. Apply Today Company About Us Careers Platforms Garena PC Service Support Account Copyright © Garena Online. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy For Parents FAQ International International Singapore Indonesia Malaysia Philippines 臺灣 ราชอาณาจักรไทย 한국 Việt Nam México