Home
Games
Platforms
Careers
Account
Support
Garena Esports
Professional or amateur, we build stages for gamers to pursue their passion for competitive gaming
Fast Paced 50-Man Battle Royale.
Play it anytime and anywhere on your mobile
Play Now
Garena Delta Force: Leave No One Behind
Dominate land, air and sea warfare in this AAA FPS Shooter!
Play Now
Established in 2009, Garena is a leading online games developer and publisher with a global footprint across more than 160 markets.

Garena is a part of Sea Limited, a leading global consumer internet company. Sea's mission is to better the lives of consumers and small businesses with technology.

What We Do
Free Fire
Fast Paced 50-Man Battle Royale. Play it anytime and anywhere on your mobile
Garena Delta Force®
Garena Delta Force: Leave No One Behind Dominate land, air and sea warfare in this AAA FPS Shooter!
Games
Garena exclusively operates top-tier mobile and PC games in selected markets globally.

As passionate gamers who understand players’ needs, we speak to our community regularly to ensure they can continue to enjoy the highly engaging experiences they associate with our games.
Esports
Garena is a leading advocate and organizer of Esports events, ranging from local grassroots tournaments to some of the most viewed professional esports competitions globally.

These events celebrate excellence among our players, deepen our connection with our community, and strengthen our game ecosystem.
Community
Garena champions social and entertainment experiences through games, enabling its communities to engage and interact.

This is done through building strong local, regional, and global gaming communities and providing players with enjoyable and relatable campaigns and events.
Garena Platforms
Garena PC
The platform for gamers to play, connect, explore, and more. Users can immerse themselves in the world of gaming with top game titles only available on Garena
View more
Careers at Garena
We want to provide you with a platform to grow and excel as an individual, unleash your potential and make an impact in your region.
Apply Today
Company
About Us
Careers
Platforms
Garena PC
Service
Support
Account
Copyright © Garena Online.
Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyFor Parents FAQ
International
International
Singapore
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
臺灣
ราชอาณาจักรไทย
한국
Việt Nam
México