Sign In
About  Newsroom  Careers 
 
Who We Serve
Our Solutions
Conferences
Webinars
AI Hub
New To Role
Talk to Us 

or call +44 (0) 33 3130 6809

Gartner is the world authority on AI

200K+ client conversations and 6K+ written insights are just the start.

See How We Can Help 
More About Gartner

Who we are, what we do — and how we help leaders drive better results.

Read About Us 
Gartner Experts in Action

Virtual insights and problem solving, hosted by Gartner experts.

Explore Webinars 
Gartner Conferences

Built for core business areas and roles — at locations around the world.

Find Your Conference 
2026 Top Tech Trends

See our blockbuster report — and prepare for an AI-powered tomorrow.

Get the Key Take-Aways 
The proven benefits of Gartner
Independent, objective, actionable insights
AskGartner, the AI-powered tool for trusted insights
Dedicated support from an Executive Partner
Diagnostics and benchmarks for your role and function
One-on-one discussions with experts on your top priorities
Tools to make tech decisions with confidence
Gartner C-level Communities, conferences and peer networks
 
Enabling faster, smarter business decisions

Informed by 2,500+ business and technology experts; 500,000+ client interactions; 27,000+ vendor briefings; and 715,000+​ vetted peer reviews, Gartner expert guidance gives you the trusted insights you need for stronger performance on your mission-critical priorities. 

Information is everywhere.
Trusted insights are not.
AI’s Influence Runs Deeper Than You Think — 2026 Gartner Strategic Predictions Explain Why
Read Now 
Weighing Layoffs? Cut Costs, Not Capabilities
Read Now 
The Gartner Top Strategic Technology Trends for 2026
Watch Webinar 
Your Compass to Navigating the AI Race With Confidence
Learn More 
What Every CSO Needs to Know for a Fast Start in 2026
Download Now 
Over 100 Data, Analytics and AI Predictions Through 2031
Download Now 
Explore Insights by Function
The best of Gartner in your inbox

Featuring the latest insights and expert POVs, top executives rely on this exclusive newsletter to stay ahead.

Work Email
Continue

By clicking the "Continue" button, you are agreeing to the Gartner Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.

The Gartner advantage:
Executive Partners

Get the maximum return on your investment in Gartner by utilizing an Executive Partner — someone experienced in your role and able to turn our insights, guidance and tools into tailored, actionable programs — all designed to help drive your business and personal goals.

Learn More 
Client Stories

Delivering results today, tomorrow and far into the future

More Stories 
 Video
Prepare for AI Complexity

AstraZeneca navigates technical complexity to seize new opportunities with AI.

 Video
Execute a Talent Strategy

EY creates a future-focused talent strategy that quickly earns board support.

 Video
Make Better Tech Buys

Toastmasters saves millions on a new web platform after an expert proposal review.

 Video
Succeed in a New Role

How C-Level leaders deliver real results in their first 100 days on the job.

 Video
Earn C-Level Buy-In

Leaders rely on our best-in-class insights to validate strategies and align with their CEO and CFO.

 Video
Measure and Benchmark Maturity

Data-focused tools help leaders plan, optimize and act on what matters most.

Get in touch today to establish your relationship with Gartner.

Become a Client

Real-World Connections

Gartner Conferences

Experience expert guidance, peer networking and exclusive insights at conferences built for core business areas and roles — at locations around the world.

Find Your Conference 

Join Us

Make a difference

Our mission relies on expert analysis, bold ideas and courage to help enterprise leaders and their teams succeed with their mission-critical priorities. The bar is unapologetically high — so is the impact you can have.

View Jobs 
    
About Gartner
Who We Are
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Newsroom
What We Do
Insights
Conferences
Consulting
Digital Markets
Get in Touch
Contact
Contact Us
Become a Client
Office Locations
Technical Support
Careers
Why Gartner
Search Careers
Our Culture
Careers Blog
Latest Insights
Resources
Featured Insights
Webinars
Newsletter
Client Stories
POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE OMBUDS SITE MAP GLOSSARY

©2025 Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

We use cookies to improve your experience

We use cookies to deliver the best possible experience on our website. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Notice.
Accept
;