Skip to main content
About us
Our work
Ideas
Search
Gates Foundation
WE CAN'T STOP AT ALMOST
2025 marks a heartbreaking milestone: for the first time this century, child deaths are set to rise. But the world has made incredible progress improving children’s health—and we have to keep going.
Read the new Goalkeepers report
70 MILLION LIVES SAVED
Since 2002, the Global Fund has saved 70 million lives, with death rates from HIV, TB, and malaria down 63% in supported countries. With sustained funding over the next 20 years, we can have even more impact protecting people from three devastating infectious diseases.
Read about the lives behind the numbers
CLIMATE RESILIENCE IS ESSENTIAL
Investing in resilience is urgent and is one of the smartest choices we can make—it unlocks a positive feedback loop, protecting people and progress.
Read our CEO's thoughts on climate
END POLIO FOR GOOD
Thanks to incredible work and dedication, the number of children paralyzed by polio each year has fallen by more than 99% since 1988. But polio anywhere remains a threat everywhere.
Read one man's outbreak response
1
2
3
4
Our mission is to create a world where every person has the opportunity to live a healthy, productive life.
Learn more about our role
Our work
We work with partners around the world to tackle big challenges and improve people’s lives.
Learn more about our work
Our story
For over 25 years, the Gates Foundation has been committed to tackling the greatest inequities in our world.
Explore our story
How does the work of our partners come to life? How does that work create potential around the world? Watch, read, and experience the stories of good people doing great things that can lead to even greater things.
Learn more
IDEAS
Read more Ideas 
Economic Opportunity
Infectious Diseases
Maternal, Newborn, Child Nutrition & Health
Goalkeepers
The digital solution giving Nigerians a fair chance
Edo State’s EdoCert program is using digital public infrastructure to unlock employment and educational opportunities for Nigerians.
Q&A: How strengthening the care economy can boost women’s workforce participation
A specialist in gender data and evidence explains how challenges and opportunities on the path to creating a more equitable care system could increase women’s participation in the global workforce.
For Hellen, Moheto Muungano is more than a name
Forming a women’s collective was just the beginning. To create economic power, Hellen’s women’s group built a system around belonging.
What can the world learn from Cabo Verde’s fight against malaria?
Cabo Verde’s fight against malaria—powered by local leadership and Global Fund support—shows how partnership can eliminate disease worldwide.
One man’s mission to protect Liberia’s children from polio—one vaccine at a time
Learn how vaccines helped stop a polio outbreak and protected millions of children across Liberia thanks to health worker Evans Lablah and his team.
The Global Fund works—these stories remind us why it’s essential
The Global Fund has helped save an estimated 70 million lives since 2002. Learn why continued investment is critical to maintaining progress in global health.
Why two American teens want you to know about PEPFAR
From home visits to a short film, a family documents how PEPFAR enables treatment, work, and stability for women and children in Nairobi.
A new vaccine could change everything we know about tuberculosis
A new TB vaccine may save millions. Meet the South African doctor helping lead the charge.
She survived drug-resistant TB. Then she found her voice.
After surviving drug-resistant TB, Zolelwa became a leading voice for awareness, advocacy, and hope.
Three takeaways from the 2025 Goalkeepers Report
Three essential takeaways from the 2025 Goalkeepers Report on protecting children with smart investments and innovation.
What $2.5 billion can do: Four innovations advancing women’s health
The Gates Foundation has committed an additional $2.5 billion to invest in women's health through 2030. Learn some of the ways this money will help women across the globe.
The next big leap in vaccines: protecting babies before they’re born
A South African scientist who helped shape modern immunization is now focused on saving newborns through maternal vaccines.
The game-changing PPH protocol saving mothers’ lives in Kenya
Kenya’s success with a new post-partum hemorrhage protocol could improve maternal health care across Africa and beyond.
This simple tool is helping prevent maternal deaths worldwide
Discover how Kenya’s E-MOTIVE protocol and a low-cost blood-loss drape reduces severe postpartum bleeding by 60%, saving thousands of mothers each year.
How a computer scientist is using AI to save mothers’ lives in Pakistan
Dr. Maryam Mustafa is building an AI tool to close dangerous gaps in maternal care and help more women in Pakistan survive pregnancy and childbirth.
Six picks from an advocate for sustainable agriculture
When you need to look at a problem in a new light, turn to these recommendations from an advocate for sustainable agriculture. See what sustains his passion for agricultural research and development in Africa.
Six picks from a surgeon and health activist
When you need to look at a problem in a new light, turn to this surgeon health activist's recommendations that fuel his passion as an advocate for people in his community and around the world.
Five can’t-miss moments from Goalkeepers 2023
See what happens when a midwife, a TikTok star, Bill Gates, and Melinda French Gates get together in one room—joined by hundreds of other activists, artists, and leaders.
Six picks from a young political leader
When you need to look at a problem in a new light, turn to this young political leader's recommendations.
Six picks from scientist Thulile Khanyile
When you need to look at a problem in a new light, turn to this South African scientist’s recommendations.
Watch what Melinda French Gates, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Bill Gates and others said about the future of progress at Goalkeepers 2022
Over 450 changemakers from around the globe gathered to discuss why it is so important for the world to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. 
SIGN UP FOR THE OPTIMIST NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to The Optimist to get weekly updates on the latest in global health, gender equality, education, and more.
Email address
Subscribe

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service apply. By submitting your email to subscribe, you agree to the Gates Foundation's Privacy & Cookies Notice

VIDEOS
See all videos 
Why smallholder farmers are investing in a new kind of tilapia
While smallholder farmers are facing an increasingly difficult climate, it’s crucial to have climate-resilient resources to improve nutrition and incomes. Learn how an improved tilapia is one example of climate-friendly food that can reduce malnutrition.
How auto-disable syringes and other innovations ensure wider vaccine access
Public health physician Dr. Marcy Ahun discusses vaccine delivery innovations, like the auto-disable syringe, that have prevented needle reuse and saved lives in the process.
WATCH: The only tuberculosis vaccine is a century old. New innovations are around the corner. 
An expert reveals some of the most exciting innovations in the R&D pipeline that could transform life for people affected by this deadly disease.
By Puneet Dewan
Senior Program Officer, TB Delivery, Gates Foundation
Foundation facts
More about the foundation 
For the year ended December 31, 2024. Amount in U.S. dollars.
2,167
Employees
2,573
Number of grants
$8.0B
Total charitable support
1,507
Grantees
53
Program strategies
MORE ABOUT THE FOUNDATION
Our role

For over 25 years, the Gates Foundation has been committed to fighting the greatest inequities in the world.

Learn more
How we work

We are focused on results. Those that can be measured. And those measured in ways beyond numbers.

Learn more
Our story

Learn about the origins of the foundation and the values that drive our work.

Learn more
We are a nonprofit fighting poverty, disease, and inequity around the world.
About
Our work
Ideas
Contact
Media Center
Careers
Discovery Center
Give with us
Goalkeepers
Reporting scams
Ethics reporting
Privacy & Cookies Notice
Terms of Use
Brand guidelines
Vendors
2025 Gates Foundation. All rights reserved.

We use strictly necessary cookies to make our site work. We and our partners also use (with your consent) additional cookies and similar technologies to collect information when you interact with our site to improve your experience.

By clicking “Accept All,” you consent to the placement of these additional cookies and similar technologies. You can change and manage your cookie settings at any time by clicking "Manage Cookies". By using the site you acknowledge the privacy practices described in our Privacy & Cookies Notice and agree to our site Terms of Use.
Manage Cookies Accept All