What's new

Product

Testimonials

Resources

Pricing

Contact Sales

Compare Versions

Login

Get started

Just shipped: Celebrate the holidays with new festive objects ❄️

People + knowledge. All in one place.

Collaborate instantly and search intelligently with Gather. Bring meetings, chat, and context from other apps into one AI-powered workspace.

Start free 30-day trial

Meetings
Chat
Activity
Knowledge

Design Review

Natasha

Cameron

Scott

Melodie

Eva

Joshua

Gather AI
Work
intelligently

Search across your company knowledge for instant, reliable answers. Powered by Grapevine. 

Ask or find anything from your Gather w

Product

Sales

Customer Experience

Engineering

Gather Workspace
Collaborate instantly

Forget scheduling and meeting links. Look around to find who’s free and start talking in seconds. 

See who's free

Instantly know who’s free, focused, or in meetings

Wave them over
Hear nearby conversations
Join in a click

Start free 30-day trial

Available
Minimize distractions

You decide who gets your attention. Control what you see and hear, and show others when you're busy. 

Simplify Your View

Switch to Simplified View to focus on people rather than details, and stay connected with Mini Mode even when using different apps. 

Control What You Hear

You’re muted by default and hear public conversations only if you choose. You have full control over what you hear and who can hear you.

Set Your Availability

Let your team know when you're free or deep in focus mode. They’ll have the context they need to reach out at the right time. 

Remote work, reimagined
Build momentum. Cut friction.

Turn disconnected workflows into natural, instant collaboration

Gather’s Workspace

Start conversations instantly. No meeting invites. No waiting for replies.

Regular Collaboration Tools

Wasted time scheduling. Meeting and message overload for every small question.

Testimonials
10K+ teams collaborate faster with Gather

Remote work doesn't have to feel slow. See how these teams transformed their culture. 

"We needed a space that felt more natural. That’s when we switched to Gather as our virtual office. Now, dropping by a teammate’s desk takes seconds. Ideas flow without the friction of scheduling meetings. Feedback happens in real time, just like in a physical office. 

The result? Faster iteration cycles. Higher-quality design work. A stronger, more connected team. And most importantly—happier clients."

Siddharth Vij

Co-Founder at Bricx

Read Customer Story

"I’ve always loved the energy and focus of a war room during crunch time—it’s where the magic happens. Gather has given us the ability to recreate that intense, collaborative environment remotely, which is absolutely invaluable."

Billy Luedtke

CEO of Intuition Systems

Read Customer Story

"Gather is the cornerstone of our communication and collaboration at Human-I-T now. It’s hard to think of a situation or a world where we're not using Gather to collaborate."

Gabe Middleton

CEO & Co-Founder at Human-I-T

Read Customer Story

"We knew there must be a better way of collaborating in a mostly remote world that’s not 8 hours of back to back Zoom calls. Team culture happens in the moments between meetings and we were hungry to get back into that norm. 

When we found Gather we instantly fell in love with it."

Mike Mengell

CTO and Co-Founder of CTO Labs

Read Customer Story

"It's easy to use, very pleasing to the eye, and at times feels like "working" is like "playing" on the computer. It connects everyone on the team and creates stronger bonds."

Donhe F.

Sr. Data Scientist

View on G2

"Gather leaves nothing to be desired for Google Meet, Teams, Zoom, etc."

Igor V. 

Head of Operations

View on G2

"Gather leaves nothing to be desired for Google Meet, Teams, Zoom, etc."

Igor V. 

Head of Operations

View on G2

"Gather brings back the things that you don't realize you miss when working from home like: Popping by someone's desk or joining in group conversations when you see some people grouped together. A far better alternative to Teams."

Rachel Y. 

Senior Software Developer

View on G2

"We love to use Gather as our virtual office. It makes our day-to-day operations a lot smoother."

Anonymous

Verified User on G2

View on G2

View all testimonials

Get Started
The first 30 days are on us

Try Gather free with your team. No credit card. No setup fees.

Start free 30-day trial

2 Minutes

Choose & configure your space

1 Click

Invite your team

Immediately

Start collaborating

View Plans

FAQ
All you need to know

Is this a new version of Gather?

Yep! Gather 2.0 is a completely new platform, rebuilt with a simpler interface, new integrations (like GitHub and Spotify!), more control over what you hear, new ways to interact with teammates, and powerful productivity features like AI meeting notes, AI search, and a rich, async chat.

How do I get started?

Getting started with Gather is easy, and your first 30 days are on us! It takes less than 10 minutes to set up your workspace. You can choose to invite teammates immediately or spend extra time customizing your space. 

For onboarding tips, check out our pilot guide. 

Moving from Gather 1.0? Follow the migration guide. 

What's included in the free 30-day trial? 

Everything! For the first 30 days, you can invite up to 50 teammates to try every feature Gather offers. That includes meetings and chat, AI search and meeting notes, the ability to fully customize your office, and more.  

View pricing for details.

Can I still use Gather 1.0? 

Yes. You can sign in to Gather 1.0 here. 

If you have a 1.0 office space, you can continue using it for the duration of your subscription. 

If you have a 1.0 event space, you can continue hosting events as long as you purchase a one-time reservation or subscription. 

To create a new 1.0 event space, click here. 

Still have questions?

Visit Help Center

Make remote work feel less remote

Join 10,000+ teams who switched to natural collaboration. 

Start free 30-day trial

Product

Features

Pricing

Download

What's new

Resources

Testimonials

Blog

Help center

Status

Company

Careers

Contact sales

Privacy & security

Legal policies

Looking for the original Gather Events?

Log in or create a new event space.

Log in

Create new

Select Language
English
Portuguese (Brazil)
Japanese (Japan)
English

*All references to other companies, systems, software, and/or platforms are for illustrative purposes only and do not imply any affiliation with Gather. Gather assumes no liability for a customer’s use of another company’s product, system, software, and/or platform, whether cloud-based or otherwise.

© 2025 Gather Presence Inc.

                    