Gays-Cruising.com - Gay areas and spots to practice Cruising  Go to mobile version ›   Explore  Top Countries Spain Brazil Netherlands Switzerland Portugal Belgium Germany Mexico Colombia Italy All Top Regions São Paulo Madrid Barcelona Zürich Porto Paraná Alicante Valencia Antwerpen Noord-Holland Top Locations São Paulo Madrid Zürich Bogotá Curitiba Campinas Barcelona Sorocaba Antwerpen Bruxelles  Gay Contacts  Radar  Cruising Videos  Live SexCams  Sign in  Sign up Gays-Cruising Install the Gays-Cruising App  Install   English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Discover new places to practice cruising Join our community to meet people and share experiences Sign up for free! By continuing you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and you are at least 18 years old or of the age of majority in the jurisdiction from which you access the website Welcome to the world's most complete gay directory of areas and spots to practice Cruising. The cruising is the practice of maintaining relationships in public places anonymously. Cruising commonly takes place in parks, beaches, forests and other spaces next to urban areas, as well as in every kind of public toilets and rest areas of highways. In Gays-Cruising.com we offer a directory of worldwide locations with a cruising  map of the areas where you can practice cruising. If you know any place that is not available on our map, you can add it and share it with everyone. Here you have a list of places and spots next to you where you can practise Cruising in South Korea in an anonymous way. Busan Cheju Chollabuk Chollanam Chungcheongbuk Chungcheongnam Daegu Gangwon Gwangju Gyeonggi Gyeongsangbuk Gyeongsangnam Incheon Jeju Kangweon Kwangju Kyeonggi Kyeongsangbuk Kyeongsangnam Pusan Seoul South Korea Taegu Taejeon Ulsan Sections Gay Contacts Radar Cruising Videos Live SexCams Gays-Cruising.com Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Parental Controls Version Desktop Mobile iOS, Android and PC App Copyright © 2025 - All rights reserved  You must log in to view the page you are accessing  Sign in  Sign up We use functional cookies for the proper functioning of the website, anonymous analytics and advertising. Our partners can store, share and manage your data to offer personalized advertisements. You can accept or customize your settings here or in Cookies Policy . Funcionales Estadísticas Márketing Settings Accept