About us
What we Do
Apps
Join the Gazeus team
Blog
Contact us
Connecting people through fun

Multiplatform casual and social games are our DNA

Gazeus Games is the largest Brazilian developer of casual and social games. We work hard and we play hard.

Our Products
Jogatina Apps

Play our classics for free on mobile phones and tablets! Available on: Android and iOS.

Install and play
Jogatina.com

The site where it all began. Buraco, Tranca, Truco and others computers browser games.

Play on the site
The Social Poker

Social network for Poker fans, where they play together the classic card game, Texas Hold'em style.

Play on the site
Meet our Apps

Classic card and boardgames with a pinch of social and a dash of casual!

Dominoes Battle: Domino Online
Dominoes Battle is a new version of the classic board game also called Dominos, Domino, Bones, or Dominó!
Spades
This is a hit! A trick-taking game where you have to use the trumps - the Spades cards - wisely.
Euchre Jogatina Cards Online
Euchre is a classic trickster cards game. It's widely played in the United States and other English-speaking countries where it's also known as Yuker or Euker.
Dominoes
Play this hit, available with three different game modes: Classic, All Fives and Closed Dominoes.
Canasta Turbo
Whether you've grown up playing Canasta with your grandma or has just learned it recently, this app is for you!
Mahjong Solitaire
Challenge yourself with this classic and wise chinese boardgame where one has to combine equal tiles.
Solitaire
Also known as Freecell, Klondike or Patience, this is one of the most well-known cardgames in the world!
Join the Gazeus team

It may or may not be your first job, but at Gazeus we look forward to creating the best collaborative workplace experiences.

Our values and mission walk side by side to make sure we can offer you the best place to work. Come join us!

Join the team
Blog Gazeus

Learn more about Gazeus and the gaming market trends

Read our Blog
Contact Us

Send us a message!

Send message
Gazeus Games © 2006 - 2025 All rights reserved
English
Português