    Login
Get data
 
How-to
 
Tools
 
Community
 
About
GBIF | Global Biodiversity Information Facility
Free and open access to biodiversity data
OCCURRENCES
SPECIES
DATASETS
PUBLISHERS
RESOURCES
Search
What is GBIF?
About GBIF Korea, Republic of
Velvet worm (Diemenipatus taiti) observed in Tasmania, Australia by Gonzalo Giribet (CC BY-NC 4.0)
3,583,146,553
Occurrence records
119,643
Datasets
2,619
Publishing institutions
13,867
Peer-reviewed papers using data
What is GBIF?

GBIF—the Global Biodiversity Information Facility—is an international network and data infrastructure funded by the world's governments and aimed at providing anyone, anywhere, open access to data about all types of life on Earth.

 Learn more
News
News
GBIF seeks senior software data engineer (contractor)
News
GBIF seeks temporary data administrator
News
2025 BID call for proposals: regional and cross-regional biodiversity data mobilization projects
Event
Open Q&A session for the BID regional and cross-regional call
 13 January 2026
09:30 - 16:30 CET
News
GBIF data use surges globally, powering more than 12,000 studies across 180 countries
Taskforce on Nature-based Financial Disclosures calls for more biodiversity data from businesses via GBIF
News
Call for proposals for 2026 Capacity Enhancement Support Programme
News
Ethiopia joins the GBIF network as an Associate Participant
Data use
previous
Climate change
3,102
Peer-reviewed papers using data

Biodiversity loss and climate change interact in many ways, reflecting two sides of the same problem: humanity’s unsustainable relationship with the natural world. Explore the research relying on data from the GBIF network to understand and assess the growing impact that changing temperatures, precipitation and other climate-related phenomena are having on biodiversity.

Featured See all
next
slide 1 of 4, currently active
slide 2 of 4
slide 3 of 4
slide 4 of 4
Thematic communities

GBIF's data, infrastructure and services support cross-disciplinary research, creating new opportunities for evidence-based science and decision-making. With guidance from the GBIF Science Committee, we monitor signals from who's sharing and using data to pursue strategic opportunities with impact, continuously seeking to improve the quality, relevance and utility of biodiversity data for a wide array of communities across science, technology and policy.

Learn more
Programmes and projects
previous
Hosted portals
58
Hosted portals

GBIF hosted portals offer simple, customizable websites that support biodiversity data use and engagement at national, institutional, regional and thematic scales. This service, which Participant nodes and their partners can apply to anytime, lowers the technical demands for delivering relevant biodiversity data to communities around the world.

Learn more
next
slide 1 of 5, currently active
slide 2 of 5
slide 3 of 5
slide 4 of 5
slide 5 of 5
Resources and documentation
Beginner's guide to the GBIF API
All you need to know about GRSciColl
Community forum

Join the conversation and get answers to data use related questions

Learn about the technical support hour for nodes
+
-
5000 km
Generated 2 days ago © OpenStreetMap contributors, © OpenMapTiles, GBIF.
EXPLORE    
Any year 1600 - 2025 
What is GBIF? API FAQ Newsletter Privacy Terms and agreements How to cite? Code of Conduct Acknowledgements
Contact GBIF Secretariat Universitetsparken 15 DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø Denmark
 GBIF is a Global Core Biodata Resource
      