Free Online Learning at GCFGlobal close search search menu Topics close I want to... Get started with computers Learn Microsoft Office Apply for a job Improve my work skills Design nice-looking docs More... Microsoft Office Word Excel PowerPoint Access More... Computers Getting Started Smartphones & Tablets Typing Tutorial Windows Online Learning More... The Internet Basic Internet Skills Online Safety Social Media Zoom Basics Email More... Google Gmail Google Docs Google Sheets More... The Job Search Career Planning Resume Writing Cover Letters Job Search and Networking Business Communication Entrepreneurship 101 Careers without College Job Hunt for Today More... Skills for Today 3D Printing Freelancing 101 Personal Finance Sharing Economy Decision-Making More... Creativity & Design Graphic Design Creativity Photography Image Editing Photoshop Learning WordPress More... Core Skills Math Reading Science Grammar Language Learning Critical Thinking More... For Educators Translations Staff Picks All Topics English expand_more expand_less English expand_more expand_less Español Português search person_outline arrow_drop_down menu All Topics My Account About Us FAQ Contact Us EN ES PT Signin Signup Dashboard Profile Logout search 2,300 + Lessons | 200 + Topics If you’re willing to learn, we’re ready to teach– anywhere, anytime. Browse Topics Learn Your Future Learn and develop the skills needed to advance in work and life. Watch video Did you come to learn? You’re in the right place. Join more than 100 million people from all walks of life who have come to us to learn the essential skills they need to live and work in the 21st century. Browse our extensive library: TECHNOLOGY WORK CORE SKILLS READING & MATH All Topics About us What is GCFGlobal.org ? For almost 20 years, the GCFGlobal.org program has helped millions around the world learn the essential skills they need to live and work in the 21st century by offering self-paced online courses. We encourage you to explore our courses available here and on YouTube. We highly recommend creating a free account to unlock a range of services, including course tracking, viewing history, accessing your completion certificates and much more. By creating a free account, you can enhance your learning experience and take full advantage of the resources we offer. Partner With Us About Us What does GCFGlobal.org offer? From Microsoft Office, tp email, reading, math, and more—GCFGlobal.org offers free learning resources on more than 200 topics, including more than 2,300 lessons and more than 2,000 videos, completely free. We all have outside responsibilities, so we make it easy for you to learn at your own pace, on your own time. Join more than 100 million people from all walks of life who have come to us to learn the essential skills they need to succeed. Learn with Us Featured Content New Tutorial Entrepreneurship 101 Learn what it takes to become a successful entrepreneur. View Tutorial VIDEO Zoom Basics We'll cover how to set up an account, join/host meetings, and more. View Tutorial Check out our YouTube playlist on Math Basics! Learning WordPress Discover how to build your own website using WordPress. View Tutorial Careers without College Learn about interesting, in-demand jobs that don't require a four-year degree. View Tutorial Tutorial The What/Why Series What impacts the past, present, and future, and why are these things so important? View Tutorial NEW Check out our curated playlist on Financial Awareness! Microsoft Excel Playlist Lesson: Mobile-friendly, featuring more videos and less text. View Tutorial Entrepreneurship 101 Learn what it takes to become a successful entrepreneur. View Tutorial VIDEO Zoom Basics We'll cover how to set up an account, join/host meetings, and more. View Tutorial Check out our YouTube playlist on Math Basics! Learning WordPress Discover how to build your own website using WordPress. View Tutorial Careers without College Learn about interesting, in-demand jobs that don't require a four-year degree. View Tutorial The What/Why Series What impacts the past, present, and future, and why are these things so important? View Tutorial NEW Check out our curated playlist on Financial Awareness! Microsoft Excel Playlist Lesson: Mobile-friendly, featuring more videos and less text. View Tutorial From Our Learners This video is amazing. You explained typography in a few sentences using this presentation. Also as a designer, you have given us an idea and inspiration on what fonts are appropriate to use. Never thought that typography could be this deep. Keep it up!! Julius M. As a teacher in an adult upgrading program at a community college, I am grateful to you for making this resource available. Malcolm M. As a beginner in Microsoft Office, your tutorials were very simple, easy to read and understand. Thank you! Jeanelle D. Partner With Us keyboard_arrow_up keyboard_arrow_down About Us Who We Are Who Uses Us + Our Partners Educators' Resources Teacher Guides Resources and Tools Help and Support FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Contact Us My Account