GEA – engineering for a better world Skip to content Log in English Contact Products & Services About us Sustainability Investors Media Careers Video: GEA's 2025 year in review Read more 01 GEA Foundation Touching lives, lifting communities Read more 02 Engineering for a better world Farmers reap benefits of tailored GEA batch milking system Read more 03 About us Engineering with purpose GEA is one of the world’s largest systems suppliers for the food, beverage and pharmaceutical sectors. Our portfolio includes machinery and plants as well as advanced process technology, components and comprehensive services. Guided by a strong sense of purpose, our more than 18,000 dedicated employees work to enhance the sustainability and efficiency of production processes globally. Find out more Beverage Chemical Dairy Dairy farming Environment Food Heating & refrigeration Home & personal care Marine New food Oil & gas and energy Pharma & healthcare + Overview of our products & technologies + GEA Service Statement for the third quarter 2025 The statement for the third quarter of GEA Group can be found here on November 6, 2025  at 07:30 a.m. (CET). The webcast of the analysts' conference call starts at 2 p.m. (CET). Read more Sustainability Engineering for a better world We engineer resource-efficient solutions for a better world and to support the sustainability goals of our customers. And we promote the highest environmental and social standards at our own sites and in procurement. We aim to become the most attractive employer in the engineering industry with greater diversity, equal opportunity and integration, and by offering long-term career development prospects. To make these ambitions concrete, we have defined measurable ESG targets as part of GEA’s Mission 30 strategy. Explore further GEA Insights Video: GEA's 2025 year in review This year was a big one for GEA. Can you remember all the milestones and highlights? Continue reading How Carlsberg keeps 10,000 valves in play At Carlsberg’s Fredericia brewery, GEA VARIVENT valves are part of a long-game strategy. By reusing core valve bodies, retrofitting actuators and control tops, and planning maintenance around brewing seasons, Carlsberg extends asset life, reduces downtime... Continue reading GEA products: pathway to resource efficiency Costs for energy, water and raw materials are rising with efficiency becoming a decisive competitive factor. GEA identifies more resource-efficient successor solutions in a transparent way and has them independently validated. Now a portfolio of more than... Continue reading Chilling Danish pastries with purpose German pastry specialist Wolf ButterBack expands with GEA’s ammonia-based BluX chiller technology that delivers flexible, low-maintenance cooling while helping the company move closer to net zero. Continue reading A partnership shaping the soul of pasta Barilla and GEA unite tradition with innovation at a new R&D pilot plant in Illinois – boosting speed, flexibility & quality while keeping the soul of pasta alive. 🍝 Continue reading Careers Make a positive impact Are you curious, highly motivated and love solving challenges for customers? GEA is looking for passionate people to fill very diverse roles. Apply now GEA Foundation donations support children in need The GEA Foundation recently donated roughly EUR 1.2 million to two children's aid organizations in Germany. The recipients include BILD hilft e.V. “Ein Herz für Kinder” (A Heart for Children) and “Die Arche – Kinderstiftung, Christliches Kinder- und Jugendwerk” (The Ark – Children’s foundation, Christian Children's and Youth Welfare Organization). Both associations work to combat child poverty – one of the GEA Foundation's key objectives. Read more GEA earns EcoVadis Platinum again – with higher score GEA has once again earned the highest rating – Platinum – in the globally recognized EcoVadis sustainability assessment. With a score of 92 out of 100, the machinery and plant manufacturer has improved significantly from last year’s result of 82 points. For the second year in a row, GEA ranks among the top one percent of more than 150,000 rated companies across 185 countries. Read more GEA and RebelDot Announce Joint Venture GEA and RebelDot, a leading Romanian technology company, are forming a strategic joint venture to accelerate digital transformation in the global process industry. The joint venture – named “RebelDot Process Industries” will be headquartered in Cluj, Romania, and will launch in January 2026. Read more Receive news from GEA Stay in touch with GEA innovations and stories by signing up for news from GEA. Sign up Need assistance? We are here to help! With just a few details we will be able to respond to your inquiry. Contact us GEA is one of the world’s largest systems suppliers for the food, beverage and pharmaceutical sectors. Our portfolio includes machinery and plants as well as advanced process technology, components and comprehensive services. Used across diverse industries, they enhance the sustainability and efficiency of production processes globally. GEA is listed in the DAX and the STOXX® Europe 600 Index and is also among the companies comprising the DAX 50 ESG and MSCI Global Sustainability Indices. Products & services Beverage Chemical Dairy Dairy farming Environment Food Heating & refrigeration Home & personal care Marine New food Oil & gas and energy Pharma & healthcare Company About us Sustainability Investors Media Careers Quick Links Document search Events & webinars Farm Technologies dealer login GEA merchandise shop GEA videos © GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft 2025 Imprint & terms of use Data Protection Notice Cookie settings Sitemap