GearJunkie | Outdoor News & Gear Reviews Skip to content GearJunkie Subscribe Search Latest Integrated Cushion, Instant Comfort: REI Co-op Wonderland Comfort Cot Review $80 Ball Cap: I Was a Hater, Until I Tried It Myself Look Good and Be Prepared for Anything: Wiley X Apex Sunglasses Review A $40 Beater Multi-Tool Done Right: Harbor Freight Gordon 20-in-1 Multi-Tool Review Buyers Guides The Best Camping Tents of 2025 The Best Backpacking Sleeping Bags of 2025 The Best Camping Mattresses of 2025 The Best Backpacking Stoves of 2025 Reviews Sleep Ride Solutions Turns Your Subaru Crosstrek Into a Compact Camper Giving the Silent Treatment: Nokian Tyres Hakkapeliitta R5 EV Winter Tire Review High-End Performance at a Mid-Tier Price: REI Co-op First Chair GTX Jacket Review Affordable, Customizable Cult Favorite: Flytanium BEEF Review Camping Hunting Fishing Motors Topics Apparel Biking Camper & RV Camping Climbing Fitness Footwear Knives Motors News Hiking Hunt & Fish Paddling Technology Travel Winter From Our Partners Toyota Trucks: Destination Detour GoRving Detours Welcome Moultrie: The Connected Hunter Visit North Carolina Holiday Outdoor Top Gear of 2025: Our Editors’ Favorite Products December 29, 2025 Winter Own a Piece of Ski History — Or the Whole Thing: ‘Vintage Ski World’ Up for Sale 5 min read Knives A $40 Beater Multi-Tool Done Right: Harbor Freight Gordon 20-in-1 Multi-Tool Review Apparel $80 Ball Cap: I Was a Hater, Until I Tried It Myself REVIEWS Show All Motors First Drive Review: Nissan Restyles, Upgrades 2026 Pathfinder Skiing Where Touring Ease Meets Real Power: Atomic Backland XTD Carbon Ski Boot Review Knives Walmart Makes the Best Value in Knives Even Better: Ozark Trail Tanto Review Packs Peak Organization for Backcountry Tools, Gear, and Supplies: Mountainsmith Mayhem EVO 30L Review LATEST Show All Camping Integrated Cushion, Instant Comfort: REI Co-op Wonderland Comfort Cot Review Some camping cots can feel a bit like stretching out on a plank, but with its integrated cushion, the Wonderland Comfort Cot rises above other options. Apparel $80 Ball Cap: I Was a Hater, Until I Tried It Myself I wanted to hate the Melin Odysea Stacked Hydro Hat. It’s a ballcap with YETI prices. Get lost.  However, I’m reluctantly obsessed. Sunglasses Look Good and Be Prepared for Anything: Wiley X Apex Sunglasses Review Can sunglasses perform on the water, the shooting range, and the job site while still looking good? The Wiley X Apex has an answer: Yes. Knives A $40 Beater Multi-Tool Done Right: Harbor Freight Gordon 20-in-1 Multi-Tool Review While it’s wise to invest in the best version of some tools, having a multitool you can beat on can be important to have. At $40, the utility of this Harbor Freight version impressed. Apparel The Best Men’s Flannels of 2025 We tested and reviewed the best men’s flannel shirts of 2025. From wool to organic cotton, we found the perfect pick for any budget. Backpacking The Best Backpacking Tents of 2025 Whether you’re looking to spend 100 nights on the trail or stick to a tight budget, we’ve found the best backpacking tents of 2025. Outdoor Top Gear of 2025: Our Editors’ Favorite Products Check out the GearJunkie editors’ top picks from 2025: 10 of the most innovative, useful, and technologically advanced products of the year. 13 min read Outdoor Video: Border Wall Construction Blasts Through National Memorial Environmental groups have released video of Homeland Security blasting through federally protected wilderness for border wall construction. 3 min read Discover the latest in outdoor news, emerging gear, and your next adventure. Subscribe By signing up for email newsletters, you agree to GearJunkie's privacy policy. Top 5 Popular 1 Knives Victorinox Adds Two Features You Never See on a Swiss Army Knife: ‘Onefold’ Review December 26, 2025 2 Winter Own a Piece of Ski History — Or the Whole Thing: ‘Vintage Ski World’ Up for Sale December 29, 2025 3 Outdoor Video: Border Wall Construction Blasts Through National Memorial December 29, 2025 4 Knives Walmart Makes the Best Value in Knives Even Better: Ozark Trail Tanto Review December 24, 2025 5 Outdoor Your Guide to Spain’s Quintessential Thru-Hike: El Camino de Santiago December 29, 2025 HOLIDAY Show All Holiday How to Cut Your Own Christmas Tree on Public Land With online permitting and a wealth of national forests, you could save money and have a fun outdoor experience this holiday by finding your own tree. 5 min read Sponsored , Holiday GearJunkie’s Favorite REI Co-op Winter Picks for 2025 4 min read Holiday Less Is More: Awesome Outdoor Gifts Under $50 Holiday Best Outdoor Gifts: Our Favorite Head-to-Toe Gear for Any Adventure Sponsored by The North Face , Holiday Prep for Winter Adventure With Gifts From The North Face 6 min read FROM OUR PARTNERS Show All Hunt & Fish The Anatomy of a Hunter’s Truck Camp Every successful truck camp starts with a loadout that matches the conditions. This guide shows how to organize your truck and camp gear to stay prepared and spend more time hunting. 5 min read Hunting Tailgate Debates: Hunters’ Perspectives 10 min read Sponsored , Truck Engineered for Detours: Toyota Trucks Challenge Shows How Adventure Shapes Athletes 3 min read Sponsored , Truck The Toyota Truck Challenge Continues: Toyota Destination Detour’s Episode 2 Brings Grit & Glory 4 min read Sponsored , Fishing Meet an American Renaissance Man: Rancher, Hunter, Combat Veteran, Wildland Firefighter, and Podcast Host 2 min read OPINION Show All Climbing The Hardest Problem in Climbing: 6 Elite Female Climbers on Why Sexism Persists Grades and success don’t tell the full story of being a woman in climbing. Here’s what elite female climbers had to say. 14 min read Hunting How One Deer Hunt Changed My Perspective on Death, Empathy, and Food 13 min read Winter I Did Shrooms, Watched This Stoke Film, and Life Will Never be the Same 7 min read Outdoor Utah Senator’s Latest Stunt: Use ‘Border Security’ to Gut Wilderness Act 5 min read Hunting How Condoms Make You a Better Hunter 6 min read BUYING GUIDES Show All Apparel The Best Men’s Flannels of 2025 We tested and reviewed the best men’s flannel shirts of 2025. From wool to organic cotton, we found the perfect pick for any budget. Backpacking The Best Backpacking Tents of 2025 Apparel The Best Base Layers for Men of 2025-2026 Backpacking The Best Backpacking Sleeping Pads of 2025 Knives The Best Multitools of 2025 VIDEOS Show All Motors Toyota Exec Spills Details on Scion 01 UTV Concept Toyota brought the Scion 01 Concept to its newly renovated Arizona Proving Grounds, where we got a detailed breakdown of the UTV concept. 5 min read Sponsored , Truck Engineered for Detours: Toyota Trucks Challenge Shows How Adventure Shapes Athletes 3 min read Sponsored , Truck The Toyota Truck Challenge Continues: Toyota Destination Detour’s Episode 2 Brings Grit & Glory 4 min read Sponsored , Fishing Meet an American Renaissance Man: Rancher, Hunter, Combat Veteran, Wildland Firefighter, and Podcast Host 2 min read Winter Bernhard Braun Releases the Most Risqué Freeride Ski Film We’ve Seen in a While 1 min read Back to Top Categories News Motors Camper & RV Knives Outdoor Hunt & Fish Camping Hiking Winter Biking Climbing Technology More From GearJunkie About Us Contact Podcast Newsletter Advertising Follow Us On Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed GearJunkie  is part of AllGear Digital's portfolio of media brands. GearJunkie © Copyright 2013 – 2025. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy CA Privacy Notice Don’t Sell My Info Best Deals Online Latest Buyers Guides Reviews Podcast Camping Hunting Fishing EDC Knives Watches Motors Technology Topics Apparel Biking Camper & RV Camping Climbing Fitness Footwear Knives Motors News Hiking Hunt & Fish Paddling Technology Travel Winter From Our Partners Toyota Trucks: Destination Detour GoRving Detours Welcome Moultrie: The Connected Hunter Visit North Carolina Holiday Subscribe to our Newsletter Advertising About Us Contact Us Follow Us On Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed Search Search for: Search Subscribe Now Get adventure news and gear reviews in your inbox! Email Subscribe Now By signing up for email newsletters, you agree to GearJunkie's Privacy Policy . ×