Geekbench 6 - Cross-Platform Benchmark Home Browser Store Blog Support Introducing Geekbench 6 Geekbench 6 is a cross-platform benchmark that measures your system's performance with the press of a button. How will your mobile device or desktop computer perform when push comes to crunch? How will it compare to the newest devices on the market? Find out today with Geekbench 6. Download Buy Now Simple, yet powerful. CPU Benchmark Geekbench 6 measures your processor's single-core and multi-core power, for everything from checking your email to taking a picture to playing music, or all of it at once. Geekbench 6's CPU benchmark measures performance in new application areas including Augmented Reality and Machine Learning, so you'll know how close your system is to the cutting-edge. GPU Compute Benchmark Test your system's potential for gaming, image processing, or video editing with the Compute Benchmark. Test your GPU's power with support for the OpenCL, Metal, and Vulkan APIs. New to Geekbench 6 is a new GPU API abstraction layer and new Machine Learning workloads. Real-World Tests Geekbench uses practical, everyday scenarios and datasets to measure performance. Each test is based on tasks found in popular real-world apps and uses realistic data sets, ensuring that your results are relevant and applicable. Cross-Platform Compare apples and oranges. Or Apples and Samsungs.  Designed from the ground-up for cross-platform comparisons, Geekbench 6 allows you to compare system performance across devices, operating systems, and processor architectures. Geekbench 6 supports Android, iOS, macOS, Windows, and Linux. Geekbench Browser Upload your results to the Geekbench Browser to share them with others, or to let the world know how fast (or slow) your devices can go! You can track all your results in one place by creating an account , and find them easily from any of your devices. Benchmark Charts Verify device performance using the Geekbench Benchmark Charts. Available on the Geekbench Browser, these charts are based on data aggregated from real users in real-world environments. Whether you're considering a new purchase or are curious about a device's capabilities, use these charts to make informed decisions. Organizations that use Geekbench Geekbench 6 Includes updated CPU workloads and new Compute workloads that model real-world tasks and applications. Geekbench is a benchmark that reflects what actual users face on their mobile devices and personal computers. Download Editions Available on macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS and Android. Products Geekbench 6 Geekbench AI Support Knowledge Base Lost
              License Contact Privacy
              Policy Terms
              of Use News & Social Blog Mastodon Facebook Instagram YouTube Company Corporate Careers Media Copyright © 2004-2025 Primate Labs Inc.