Geek Media CINEFIX TOP 100 IGN HOSTED BY Clint Gage New season starts March 30th The CineFix Top 100 is the first podcast from the long standing, movie obsessed YT page, CineFix. Compiled from their personal top 100s by some sort of robot algorithm they don’t really understand, our resident film nerds Clint Gage and Michael Calabro plan to discuss one of the top 100 movies each week with one catch: they don't know what movies are on it or where they rank! CineFix is a part of the Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On DIGITAL FOUNDRY DIRECT WEEKLY DIGITAL FOUNDRY HOSTED BY Richard Leadbetter FOLLOW US New episodes drop every Friday When it comes to video games and the hardware and tech we play them on, the team at Digital Foundry are unparalleled experts. Each week, DF Direct breaks down the latest breakthroughs in video game visuals, sound, and performance happening on PlayStation, Xbox, the most powerful PC setups, and more. If you’re a geek for graphics, GPUs, or just video games in general, DF Direct will help you get the most out of your gaming setup. DF Direct is a part of the Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On GAME SCOOP! IGN HOSTED BY Daemon Hatfield New episodes drop every Friday Veteran games industry host Daemon Hatfield and the IGN crew break down the biggest gaming news of the week, dive into retro gaming nostalgia, and challenge each other—and the audience—with trivia that puts even hardcore gamers to the test. Whether you're a longtime fan or a new listener, Game Scoop! is one of the longest-running and most beloved video game podcasts, delivering expert insights, lively debates, and endless gaming fun. Game Scoop is a part of Geek Media podcast network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On IGN UK PODCAST IGN HOSTED BY Simon Cardy New episodes drop every Friday Hear the magic that happens when all members of the IGN UK team run head first at each other to chat about video games, movies, TV shows and weird things they've put in their mouths. IGN UK Podcast is a part of the Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On NEXT GEN CONSOLE WATCH IGN HOSTED BY Daemon Hatfield New episodes drop every Friday Since the early days of gaming, players have debated which console reigns supreme and how to build the ultimate high-performance gaming PC. Each week, Next Gen Console Watch breaks down the biggest advancements in video game hardware—covering PlayStation, Xbox, and PC upgrades—all in under 20 minutes. From console power comparisons to must-have gaming PC upgrades, we help you decide where to invest your time and money. If you're wondering which platform delivers the best experience for the next big game, Next Gen Console Watch is the podcast for you. Next Gen Console Watch is a part of the Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On NINTENDO VOICE CHAT IGN HOSTED BY Logan Plant FOLLOW US New episodes drop every Friday For over 130 years, Nintendo has been a pioneer in gaming, creating legendary franchises like Mario, Zelda, and Donkey Kong. Every week, IGN’s Nintendo Voice Chat podcast celebrates all things Nintendo—past, present, and future. Join the NVC crew for expert analysis, news, and lively discussions on everything from classic favorites to the latest on Nintendo Switch and the highly anticipated Nintendo Switch 2. Whether you're a lifelong fan or just jumping in, Nintendo Voice Chat is your go-to Nintendo podcast. Nintendo Voice Chat is a part of Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On OXVENTURE: A DUNGEONS & DRAGONS PODCAST Oxventure HOSTED BY Jane Douglas, Andy Farrant FOLLOW US Are you looking for a Dungeons & Dragons improvised storytelling experience that contains jokes, as well as thrilling boss fights against unspeakable horrors? Oxventure: A Dungeons & Dragons Podcast brings you the hilarious, unruly fun of a tabletop RPG campaign with friends. Join Jane Douglas, Andy Farrant, Mike Channell, Ellen Rose, Luke Westaway and Johnny Chiodini for an audio adventure you won't want to miss, with bingeable complete seasons of chaos in D&D, Weird West horror in Deadlands, and urban gothic fantasy in Blades in the Dark. Listen to the Oxventure D&D Podcast wherever you get your podcasts. Oxventure is a part of the Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On BEYOND - IGN'S PLAYSTATION SHOW IGN HOSTED BY Max Scoville New episodes drop every Wednesday For decades, PlayStation consoles have brought incredible games and unforgettable stories to millions of gamers— and Beyond has been there every step of the way. Join passionate PlayStation experts Max Scoville, Brian Altano, Jada Griffin, and Akeem Lawanson for witty, insightful analysis of the latest PlayStation news, must-play games, and everything coming to PlayStation 5. Whether you're a die-hard fan or new to the world of PlayStation, Beyond is your ultimate PlayStation podcast. Beyond! is a part of Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On UNLOCKED IGN HOSTED BY Ryan McCaffrey New episodes drop every Thursday These days, practically everything is an Xbox, and Xbox fans deserve to celebrate their passion for Xbox everywhere. Unlocked is the definitive Xbox podcast, hosted by Ryan McCaffrey alongside a panel of expert guests. Each week, they dive deep into breaking Xbox news, exclusive game reveals, and heated debates on the future of Xbox—covering everything from consoles and PC to Game Pass and cloud gaming. Whether you're a longtime Xbox fan or just jumping in, Unlocked is your go-to source for all things Xbox. Unlocked is a part of Geek Media Podcast Network, an IGN Entertainment Brand. Listen On Andy Farrant HOST STUDIO Oxventure FOLLOW ON "I don’t know, someone put a funny quote for me, make it charismatic and relatable." - Andy Farrant Andy Farrant has been working as a presenter, content creator and influencer in the games and entertainment industries for over a decade, co-founding the wildly successful YouTube channels Outside Xbox and Outside Xtra, as well as performing and DMing for the UK’s most popular Dungeons & Dragons group Oxventure. Andy has covered events all over the world, including Tokyo Game Show, New York Comic Con, E3, and Star Wars Celebration, and interviewed subjects as diverse as Tony Hawk, Guillermo Del Toro and The Prodigy. A lifelong pop culture devotee, Andy can host entertainingly and knowledgeably on a wide variety of topics, from video games to movies, comic books to horror, pro wrestling to theme parks. Clint Gage HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "I’m just trying my best to be like Chief Brody from Jaws." - Clint Gage After a harrowing ordeal on a bus in Los Angeles that would explode if it dropped below 50 mph, Clint vowed he’d spend the rest of his life talking about movies. He’s largely succeeded too, although it took a similar (though critically less well-received) hostage situation on a cruise ship a few years later to get him back on track. As the long-time voice of IGN’s film focused YouTube channel CineFix, Clint has spent the past ten years writing and producing countless video essays that read like love letters to the silver screen because, well, that’s kinda the point and he’s an “alright" writer and “pretty good” narrator on top of being famously humble. Currently he’s hosting the CineFix Top 100 podcast, serving as IGN’s Managing Features Producer and always wary of the next 90s action movie scenario he’ll find himself in that changes the trajectory of his life and career. Daemon Hatfield HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "Nicely job." - Daemon Hatfield Daemon Hatfield is an IGN veteran with experience covering PlayStation, Nintendo, Xbox, and everything in between. He’s a writer, editor, video host, podcaster, and expert in all things gaming. Daemon is the host and Producer of the Game Scoop! podcast, IGN’s longest-running and most popular podcast. From Summer of Gaming to Comic Con to Gamescom, Daemon can be found anchoring IGN’s coverage of the biggest events in gaming. When not sharing his thoughts on the latest games, Daemon enjoys writing music, traveling, and hanging out with his wife and two kids. Jane Douglas HOST STUDIO Oxventure FOLLOW ON "So anyway, I start Eldritch Blasting." - Jane Douglas A presenter and podcast host with over a decade of experience in the games industry, Jane is best known as co-founder of gaming YouTube channel Outside Xbox (2.6m subscribers) and a member of Oxventure, one of the UK's most popular Dungeons & Dragons actual play groups. Jane's career in games journalism began at GameSpot, where she wrote reviews and hosted regular video shows. She is also known for hosting BAFTA's Young Game Designers Awards and the red carpet for the BAFTA Games Awards. In addition to video games and tabletop RPGs, Jane's interests include science fiction, fantasy, science and space. She went on a zero gravity flight one time and has never gotten over it. Max Scoville HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "Not doing too bad for someone who’s really just three dogs in a person costume." - Max Scoville A lifelong fan of pop-culture, Max Scoville has spent the last decade and a half in front of the camera sharing his passion for video games, blockbuster movies, comic books and collectibles with fellow fans watching around the world. Whether he’s interviewing his idols, going hands-on with a game he’s been waiting years to play, gushing about his latest obsession on a podcast, or delivering a deep dive on extremely esoteric trivia, Max is living his inner thirteen-year-old’s dream, and his enthusiasm is infectious. Richard Leadbetter HOST STUDIO Digital Foundry FOLLOW ON "The SEGA Master System is only the Master of Evil." - Richard Leadbetter Richard Leadbetter is the founder of Digital Foundry and Technology Editor at Eurogamer.net. His career in gaming media spans over 30 years, covering seven of the nine console generations. Richard began as a Staff Writer at Computer and Video Games magazine in 1990, later becoming Editor of Mean Machines Sega at just 21. He went on to lead editorial teams at Official Sega Magazine, Maximum, and Official Sega Saturn Magazine before moving into video production at PlayStation World, where he pioneered direct-feed video content. In 2004, he founded Digital Foundry, initially a video production and consultancy business. A year later, he developed HD video capture solutions when none existed, laying the foundation for Digital Foundry’s renowned technical analysis. By 2008, Richard revolutionized game performance reviews by using captured HDMI data to assess visual fidelity and frame rates. As Digital Foundry grew, it expanded into video content, hitting 1 million YouTube subscribers in 2020. Richard continues to shape the conversation around game technology, and yes—he still wants to bring back Mean Machines. Ryan McCaffrey HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "Breakdown is the most underrated original Xbox game of all time. Thank you, I will not be taking any further questions at this time." - Ryan McCaffrey Ryan McCaffrey is the Executive Editor of Previews at IGN. He has worked in games media since 2002, spending the first decade of his career at Official Xbox Magazine before joining IGN in 2012. He is the host of Podcast Unlocked and IGN Unfiltered, as well as a co-host of Next-Gen Console Watch. His first console was the original Nintendo Entertainment System. When he's not playing video games, he's either talking about electric cars on his weekly Tesla podcast, Ride the Lightning, or walking his Boxer dog, Daisy. Follow him on Twitter at @DMC_Ryan. (The "DMC" is because he used to own a DeLorean.) Logan Plant HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "I gotta get back to playing Animal Crossing: New Leaf on my Nintendo 3DS." - Logan Plant Logan Plant is the host of Nintendo Voice Chat and the Database Manager & Playlist Editor at IGN. He's covered Nintendo for the last decade – from the depths of the Wii U era to the peaks of Nintendo Switch. For IGN, he manages the Playlist app where users can track and rate their entire video game library and create lists and rankings to share with friends. He's been a staple on NVC since 2023, where he brings his Nintendo expertise, analysis, and passion to the table each week. His favorite Nintendo franchises are The Legend of Zelda, Super Smash Bros., and Splatoon, and he's still patiently waiting for Nintendo to announce a brand new F-Zero and Donkey Kong Country. When he’s not playing or talking about Nintendo games, Logan is probably watching the Seattle Mariners who – coincidentally – used to be owned by Nintendo. You could even bring your Nintendo DS to the ballpark and use it to order food and keep track of baseball stats. That’s the kind of obscure Nintendo knowledge you can expect when you tune into NVC each week. Simon Cardy HOST STUDIO IGN FOLLOW ON "Author. Visionary. Dreamweaver. Plus podcaster." - Simon Cardy Simon Cardy is a Senior Editorial Producer that has been at IGN since 2017. He covers a broad spectrum of games and entertainment topics by writing and producing reviews, previews and features, as well as hosting the weekly IGN UK Podcast. Some of his favourite projects he’s worked on include a documentary on the creation of the League of Legends pop group K/DA, behind the scenes features on Dune and Oppenheimer, and the time he made a fool of himself in front of James Bond. A sports fanatic, Simon made two costly decisions at an early age: choosing to support both Tottenham Hotspur and the New York Jets. Whenever he’s not watching some form of football he can be found rewatching Korean revenge thrillers, listening to early 2000s emo, and thinking about Arthur Morgan. I promise you, he isn’t as sad as he sounds. shows HOSTS VIDEO STORE ABOUT watch full video our shows our hosts welcome to geek For the Love of Geek! ....... because your fandom deserves more than just a shoutout. From the classics to the latest obsessions, we’ve got the gear to match your geeky passion. To see more merch from all your favorite shows head over to the IGN Store...... shop now An Brand Listen On SHOWS HOSTS STORE ABOUT Geek Media sales are represented by Realm podcast network. For more, see realm.fm TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY ©2025 Geek Media, an IGN Entertainment Brand. All Rights Reserved. @2025 Realm, LLC. All rights reserved.