GAT Labs: Google Workspace Automation & Auditing Tool Skip to content This is the GAT Labs for Enterprise website. Go to the GAT Labs for Education solutions here. Products Close Products Open Products Products Our tools are designed to enhance the management, security, and auditing capabilities of Google Workspace environments. Product Overviews GAT+ Auditing, management and security of all areas of Google Workspace. Alert, report and manage users data in one place to save time. FlowHR (Unlock Required) Automation tool that lets Google Admins delegate user onboarding, role changes, and offboarding to HR teams. With a secure workflow and a clear three-chart system, it streamlines user management, reduces manual tasks, and optimizes IT and HR efficiency. Unlock (GAT+ Required) Gain access or change permissions on sensitive data and perform bulk security tasks. Copy externally owned folders, gain silent access to files and emails and much more! Shield (GAT+ Required) Real-time DLP security for Chrome Browser, enhance data protection and gain detailed reporting and alerts of users activity. Flow (Unlock Required) Automate your onboarding, offboarding and modifying Google Workspace users chores seamlessly. Signature management, Email and File Migration, and much more! Graphs (Beta) Turn your GAT+ audit data into visual insights. See where email workloads come from, who is responding, and who carries the biggest load. Solutions Close Solutions Open Solutions Auditing & Compliance Advanced Auditing & Reporting Google Drive Auditing Personal Identifiable Information GDPR Compliance Google Investigation Tool Year-End Audit Security & Data Protection Gmail Phishing Protection Data Compliance Google Chrome DLP Cloud Security Chromebook Monitoring & Management Google Drive Security Statistical Analysis User & IT Management Multi-Tenancy Management Archived Users Users Management IT Management Google Apps Manager (GAM) Company Close Company Open Company Company Trusted by leading enterprises globally, we provide customized solutions to address the distinct needs of modern cloud management and ensure robust digital safety for organizations in today’s digital landscape. Customer Success Stories Why GAT Labs Our Story What does GAT Labs do? SOC2 Type II Certified Investors & Partners Customers Success Stories Success Stories inspire us! Hear what our customers have to say about GAT Labs. Read Stories Pricing Close Pricing Open Pricing Supporting both large enterprises and small organizations, we are committed to delivering equitable and accessible pricing. Our transparent pricing model ensures clarity and fairness for all our clients. Pricing Compare Plans Features by Product Testimonials Competitor Comparison Request a Quotation Billing is conducted in USD for the US and Canada, and in Euro for all other regions. Please note, subscriptions must cover all active users on your domain and cannot be limited to admin accounts only. Get a quote   > Resources Close Resources Open Resources Resources Explore our knowledge hubs to access expert insights and discover how our solutions can streamline operations and enhance digital security within your organization. Request a Demo Support Knowledge Base Youtube Channel How to Install? Technical FAQ's Help Center Reach Out Contact Us Become a Partner Share your Experience Resources Blog Guides & Videos Products Close Products Open Products Products Our tools are designed to enhance the management, security, and auditing capabilities of Google Workspace environments. Product Overviews GAT+ Auditing, management and security of all areas of Google Workspace. Alert, report and manage users data in one place to save time. FlowHR (Unlock Required) Simplify HR tasks like team transfers and contact updates, enabling HR staff to manage Google Workspace without IT involvement. Unlock (GAT+ Required) Multi-Party Approval system for secure admin actions like file access, permission changes, and bulk security tasks. Shield (GAT+ Required) Real-time DLP security for Chrome Browser, enhance data protection and gain detailed reporting and alerts of users activity. Flow (Unlock Required) Automate your onboarding, offboarding and modifying Google Workspace users chores seamlessly. Signature management, Email and File Migration, and much more! Graphs (Beta) Turn your GAT+ audit data into visual insights. See where email workloads come from, who is responding, and who carries the biggest load. Solutions Close Solutions Open Solutions Solutions Explore solutions designed to enhance compliance, protect data, and streamline management within your Google Workspace environment. Book a Demo Auditing & Compliance DSAR Compliance for Google Workspace Google Workspace Automation Advanced Auditing & Reporting Google Drive Auditing Personal Identifiable Information GDPR Compliance Google Investigation Tool Audit Delegation Annual Audit Security & Data Protection Gmail Phishing Audit & Remediation Data Compliance Google Chrome DLP Cloud Security Chromebook Monitoring & Management Google Drive Security Statistical Analysis User & IT Management Google Workspace Manager Multi-Tenancy Management Archived Users User Lifecycle Management IT Management Google Apps Manager (GAM) Company Close Company Open Company Company Trusted by leading enterprises globally, we provide customized solutions to address the distinct needs of modern cloud management and ensure robust digital safety for organizations in today’s digital landscape. Customer Success Stories Why GAT Labs Our Story What does GAT Labs do? SOC2 Type II Certified Investors & Partners Customers Success Stories Success Stories inspire us!

Hear what our customers have to say about GAT Labs. Read Stories Pricing Close Pricing Open Pricing Supporting both large enterprises and small organizations, we are committed to delivering equitable and accessible pricing. Our transparent pricing model ensures clarity and fairness for all our clients. Pricing Compare Plans Features by Product Testimonials Competitor Comparison AI - Market Research Results Request a Quotation Billing is conducted in USD for the US and Canada, and in Euro for all other regions. Please note, subscriptions must cover all active users on your domain and cannot be limited to admin accounts only. Get a quote   > Resources Close Resources Open Resources Resources Explore our knowledge hubs to access expert insights and discover how our solutions can streamline operations and enhance digital security within your organization. Book a Demo Support Knowledge Base Youtube Channel How to Install? Technical FAQ's Help Center Reach Out Contact Us Become a Partner Share your Experience Resources Read our Blog Download  our Guides & Videos Free Trial Book a Demo Built for  Admins. Designed for Simplicity. Take Control of Your Google Workspace: Audit, Automate & Secure Everything GAT Labs provides the first and only ‘full stack’ audit, security and automation solution for Google Workspace and Chrome. GAT+ and Flow help you control your Google Workspace environment as if it were your own LAN. With Shield and Shield+ you cover all browser based apps and can push your visibility, deep audit and security out to the edge of the cloud. Start Your Free Trial Today Schedule Your Demo Today The largest media company in the world needed a tool to audit, automate and secure its Google Workspace It chose GAT Labs ComicCon needed to audit and protect it's Google Workspace It chose GAT Labs - no joking A leading Ivy League college needed a tool to audit and prune its 450 million Google Drive files It chose GAT Labs A major East Coast hospital chain need a tool to audit, automate and secure its Google Workspace It chose GAT Labs The PGA needed a tool to audit, secure, manage and automate their Google Workspace They scored a hole-in-one with GAT Labs! The USTA needed a tool to ace security for their Google Workspace environment. Game, Set, Match: GAT Labs! Security, Productivity & Complete Google Workspace Control Deep Auditing & Data Insights Security & User Productivity​ Secure Multi-Party Access Automation & User Management​ Cloud Security GAT+ Gain full visibility into Your Google Workspace Domain. GAT+ gives admins the power to audit, monitor, and analyze user activity, file sharing, email interactions, and domain-wide configurations. Learn more about GAT+ GAT Shield Protect your domain while monitoring user activity. GAT Shield delivers a 360° security layer , tracking browser interactions, web activity, and policy compliance, ensuring full transparency for admins. Learn more about GAT Shield GAT Unlock Tighten security with Multi-Party Approval. GAT Unlock is a Multi-Party Approval system that enforces zero-trust security. File access changes, ownership transfers, and email delegation can only be completed with approval from both an admin and a designated Security Officer. Learn more about GAT Unlock GAT Flow Automate onboarding, offboarding, and bulk changes in seconds. GAT Flow eliminates repetitive tasks, letting you build workflows to manage users, email signatures, Drive access, and more —without coding. Learn more about GAT Flow Evolving Protection We’re continuously adding new security features in addition to our core product GAT+. We highly prioritize our customer’s domain security; that’s why we offer the highest security model in the Google Workspace environment . Learn more about Cloud Security Upgrade to Smarter Security & Compliance, All in One Solution Protect, monitor, and secure your Google Workspace environment with real-time insights and automation. ✔️ Real-time Chrome DLP: Extend data protection across all browser-based applications. ✔️ Compliance & Auditing: Meet regulatory requirements with custom reporting & proactive monitoring. ✔️ Proactive User Monitoring: Gain full visibility into user activity to prevent security risks. ✔️ Insider Threat Detection: Identify suspicious behavior before it leads to a breach. ✔️ Data Leakage Protection: Control file sharing, email access, and sensitive data movement. ✔️ Software License Compliance: Optimize software usage and reduce unnecessary costs. One platform. Total control. Reduce security gaps, eliminate unnecessary tools, and manage everything from a single dashboard. View Plans & Pricing Who Benefits from GAT? GAT is built for Google Admins, Security Teams, and IT leaders who need full control over their Google Workspace environment. Whether you’re managing compliance, security, or productivity, our tools eliminate blind spots, automate repetitive tasks, and secure your domain with ease. Google Admins ✔️ Full data visibility beyond Google’s APIs. ✔️ Automate onboarding, offboarding, and role updates effortlessly. ✔️ Meet GDPR compliance with scheduled reports & audits. ✔️ Strengthen security controls to prevent unauthorized access. ✔️ Delegate predefined tasks to non-super Admins in HR, Audit, or support teams. Get in Touch with Us IT Security Teams ✔️ Protect your back on sites Google’s APIs do not reach. Report on details Google does not capture. ✔️ Meet GDPR & compliance requirements with custom reports. ✔️ Strengthen authentication & enforce role-based security controls. Get in Touch with Us Remote Workers ✔️ Accurately see, track, and report on how user time is spent. ✔️ Enable secure session switching for personal & work tasks. ✔️ Gain detailed insights even on anonymous Chrome devices. Get in Touch with Us Managers ✔️ Improve team performance and collaboration. ✔️ Understand engagement levels across teams & partners. ✔️ Discover knowledge gaps and optimize workflows. Get in Touch with Us Finance Teams ✔️ Reduce license waste and save on IT costs. ✔️ Detect & remove unused accounts automatically. ✔️ Prevent inappropriate user behavior with proactive monitoring. Get in Touch with Us Trusted by Google Workspace Admins Worldwide Millions of users secure, audit, and automate Google Workspace with GAT Labs every day. See what IT leaders, security professionals, and Google Admins say about our powerful auditing and security capabilities. “Yes, GAT is lightning fast! BetterCloud by contrast was painfully slow. I actually build 2 minute pauses into some of my GAtflows for this very reason, which is a weird thing to need to do. Kind of like purposely slowing down your internet speed, haha.” “HR and our CFO are really happy with your continuing work to improve the product. We can count on one hand the number of companies who’ve continued to press in their development, versus sittin’ around like holding companies.” “All the usage and audit data for everything in Google Workspace is all in one place. It makes it easy to find where data is going, setup alerts for DLP, and change permissions on a live environment.” Justin Penchina CIO​ “Practical Security in a Non-Practical World. We have been able to audit each user and their account to investigate HR issues as well as technical questions. Way better intel is delivered than the competitor products.” Dane D. Computer & Network Security “Great system for monitoring and managing your G Suite environment. Great tool for locating and correcting external shares. Really good for detailed Chrome user reporting. The ability to set firewall type rules in a centralized fashion for any chrome browser is very useful. Support has been very good as well.” Greg Langham “Powerful tool for administering G Suite domain. The GAT tool is very powerful at searching for and filtering on data to find just the data you need to find – whether staff or applications or files. Nothing else on the market that I have found has come close to this in terms of power and the nice interface.” Gordon M. Global Head of IT Read More Testimonials Experience GAT Labs Today! Automate, secure, and simplify Google Workspace management. Start your free trial or book a quick demo to see GAT Labs in action. No commitment, just smarter management. Start Your Free Trial Today Schedule Your Demo Today Audit. Manage. Protect. GET SUPPORT KNOWLEDGE BASE COMPANY Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Third Party Risk Assessment Security Policy Statement Cookie Declaration Contact PRODUCT Who we are? How GAT works? Pricing GAT Labs & Google Enterprise Best Google Workspace Management Tools Trust Report GAT Labs Status Page USE CASES Google Drive Management Chromebook Management GDPR Compliance Human Resources Remote Working Migration to Microsoft 365 Audit Delegation for Non-Admins © Copyright 2010 – 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Powered by General Audit Tool Twitter Youtube Linkedin