General Mills: A U.S. based food company. - General Mills Skip to main content Search Menu Stands for Good About us Close Back to menu About us General Mills is one of the oldest and most trusted food companies, with products in 90% of American pantries. Learn more Contact us History Leadership Our impact Work with us Food we make Close Back to menu Food we make From pets to parents and everyone in-between, we make food the world loves. Explore a variety of snacks and meals that bring joy to families everywhere. Learn more Our brands Nutrition and ingredients Open submenu for Nutrition and ingredients Close Back to menu Certified colors Where to buy How we make it Close Back to menu How we make it Discover how we put our best food forward when it comes to making our products. Our goodness spans variety, deliciousness and, of course, kindness. Learn more Putting people first Open submenu for Putting people first Close Back to menu Championing belonging Employee safety Human rights Building strong communities Open submenu for Building strong communities Close Back to menu Civic involvement Food security Helping our hometowns Ethics & integrity Food safety Healthier planet Open submenu for Healthier planet Close Back to menu Environmental impact Supply chain and responsible sourcing Partnerships & collaborations Responsible marketing & advertising News & Stories Careers Investors Heart ClipPath We make food the world loves. For more than 150 years, we’ve made food with passion — having fun and staying true to our values along the way. Get to know us General Mills Reports Fiscal 2026 Second-quarter Results and Reaffirms Full-year Outlook December 17 2025 Business General Mills Reports Fiscal 2026 Second-quarter Results and Reaffirms Full-year Outlook General Mills, Inc. (NYSE: GIS) today reported results for its second quarter ended November 23, 2025. General Mills and UNCF Celebrate 36th Annual  Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Breakfast December 16 2025 People General Mills and UNCF Celebrate 36th Annual  Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Breakfast Under the theme “Make a Career of Humanity,” the event will honor the legacy of Dr. King and raise funds for students in the Twin Cities. General Mills Helps Fans Score Game Day Snacks and Savings in New Playoff Campaign with Justin Jefferson and Terry Crews December 15 2025 Food General Mills Helps Fans Score Game Day Snacks and Savings in New Playoff Campaign with Justin Jefferson and Terry Crews “Spend $30, Get $10” when you purchase family favorite brands including Totino’s, Pillsbury, Cinnamon Toast Crunch and more. Our Brands The brands you know and love. And the ones you have yet to meet. Explore all brands Cheerios Cheerios Blue Buffalo Blue Buffalo Betty Crocker Betty Crocker Pillsbury Pillsbury Old El Paso Old El Paso Nature Valley Nature Valley News & Stories See what we're cooking up Get the latest on company and brand news, financial performance, sustainability reports and more. Explore all news View by Category Latest View by Category Latest Latest Ask General Mills We believe you should know about your food. Explore more about our brands and our process. Submit Question Please enter your question for General Mills. What is General Mills allergen labeling policy? Do you use GMO ingredients in your products? Questions? Contact us online , by phone 1-800-248-7310 or read our FAQs Select your location United States English Close Select your Location Select your location United States English Asia, Middle East & Africa Mainland China Simplified Chinese Hong Kong, China English India English Japan English Malaysia English Philippines English Saudi Arabia English Singapore English South Africa English South Korea English Taiwan Traditional Chinese Thailand English Turkey English America Argentina English Spanish Brazil Portuguese Canada English Mexico English Puerto Rico English United States English Europe & Australia Australia English Belgium English Denmark English Finland English France French Germany German Greece English Iceland English Norway English Portugal English Spain Spanish Sweden English United Kingdom English Consumers Our Brands Product Locator Contact Us Career Seekers Search Jobs Career Areas Partnerships & Investors Shareholder Information Foodservice Stay connected Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe © 2025 General Mills Inc. All Rights Reserved | An Equal Opportunity Employer Home Community Rules Cookie Notice Customize Cookie Settings Your Privacy Choices Legal Terms Privacy Policy Site Map Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement EEO Feb 23