GEN Homepage - GEN - Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology News genprowebdirectory Facebook Linkedin RSS Twitter Youtube GEN Edge Featured News Multimedia Content News Insights Topics Artificial Intelligence Bioprocessing Cancer Drug Discovery Genome Editing Infectious Diseases OMICs Translational Medicine Magazine Browse Issues Subscribe Multimedia Summits Webinars GEN Live Learning Labs Podcasts Videos Resources A-Lists eBooks/Perspectives Tutorials Peer-Reviewed Journals GEN Biotechnology Re:Gen Open New Products Subscribe Get GEN Magazine Get GEN eNewsletters Search Facebook Linkedin RSS Twitter Youtube Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. GEN – Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology News GEN Edge Featured News Multimedia Content News Insights Topics Artificial Intelligence Bioprocessing Cancer Drug Discovery Genome Editing Infectious Diseases OMICs Translational Medicine Magazine Browse Issues Subscribe Multimedia Summits Webinars GEN Live Learning Labs Podcasts Videos Resources A-Lists eBooks/Perspectives Tutorials Peer-Reviewed Journals GEN Biotechnology Re:Gen Open New Products Subscribe Get GEN Magazine Get GEN eNewsletters Featured Cancer High-Fat Diet Triggers Hepatocyte Dedifferentiation and Cancer Risk Liver cells exposed to a high fat diet revert to an immature state that is more susceptible to cancer-causing mutations. Researchers identified gene regulators and drug targets linking chronic metabolic stress to tumor development. Drug Discovery New Antibiotic Candidates Emerge from Robotic Synthesis of Metal Complexes Cancer Histone Synthesis Mechanism Opens Therapy Targets, Including Cancer Bioprocessing Unifying Bioprocessing Data to Transform Biomanufacturing with AI Bioprocessing Human Genome Sciences Soon to Be Part of Samsung Biologics Top 5 News and Insights Trends for 2026 Seven Biopharma Trends to Watch in 2026 Biopharma may be heading into a brighter year in 2026 than it has seen in recent years, according to analysts. Here, GEN ’s Alex Philippidis outlines seven biopharma-related trends for 2026, drawn from GEN interviews with experts and other industry stakeholders, as well as reviews of industry reports and public statements. One reason for optimism is better-than-expected policies from President Donald Trump’s second administration—from encouraging the reshoring of biopharma manufacturing in the United States to most favored nation (MFN) pricing, which has spared companies from much-feared tariffs in return for commitments to selling key drugs at lower prices to patients. Translational Medicine Attention-Improving Gene in Mice Could Inform Calming ADHD Therapies Trends for 2026 StockWatch: Wall Street’s Leaders and Laggards of 2025 Translational Medicine Autophagy-Driven Mitochondrial Inheritance Shapes CD8+ T Cell Fate, Division Videos In this video interview, Fay Lin, PhD, Senior Editor, Technology, sat down with Nobel Laureate, David Baker, PhD, to unpack the hype vs. reality surrounding designing proteins from scratch and explore what’s needed for the AI revolution to transform medicine. GEN editors Julianna LeMieux, PhD, and Uduak Thomas take a break at ASHG to discuss some of what they have learned and the trends that they have noticed. A Lists Top 50 NIH Funded Institutions of FY 2025 While House, Senate thwarted 40% cut to agency’s budget, about half of the largest recipients of agency grants saw cuts year-over-year. Top 20 Drugs Heading for the Patent Cliff, 2026-2029 Last year, these treatments accounted for 75% of the $236B in annual sales set to vanish with the loss of exclusivity. Top 10 Spatial Biology Companies of 2025 This year’s A-List shows that the revenues for the top five public companies in spatial biology have risen nine percent from a year ago Resources Magazine Issue No. 12, December 2025 GEN Magazine Translational Medicine Now You See Me Super-Resolution Microscopy As super resolution microscopes continue to evolve, they are becoming important tools not only for research, but for manufacturing and other applications. Next-generation versions with increased capabilities and better workflow integration are hitting the market. Industry News GEN Editors Reflect on Six of the Biggest Stories of the Year Artificial Intelligence Designer Proteins Take Shape Bioprocessing Beyond Vaccines: Scaling the Promise of RNA Therapeutics GEN Digital Edition Access the latest issue of GEN and browse the archive of back issues when you subscribe to our digital
            edition. Latest Issue Latest Resources All Webinars Summits Podcasts GEN Live Learning Labs featured | Drug Discovery Innovation: Target Deconvolution and Tractability Assessment In this GEN webinar, our expert speakers will explore cutting-edge drug discovery techniques for target deconvolution and multiplex target discovery. Zhongyao Ma, PhD Senior Director, Head of Target Discovery and Validation & Peptide Discovery Platform WuXi Biology, WuXi AppTec Wenzhang Chen, PhD Senior Director, Head of Biomass Spectrometry Platform WuXi Biology, WuXi AppTec Register Now Webinars | Feb 10, 2026 11:00 AM Next-Level Cell-Free DNA Manufacturing GEN Live | On Demand Cracking the Code of Francis Crick Webinars | On Demand Accelerating Clinical Decisions Through Faster Access to Imaging Data Webinars | On Demand Strategies for dsRNA Removal and Accurate Quantitation in Emerging mRNA Modalities X Podcast Touching Base Touching Base is the dynamic podcast series from the editors of GEN .
            Each episode features a rotating case of senior editors—including John Sterling, Kevin Davies, Julianna
            LeMieux, Alex Phillippidis, Uduak Thomas, Corinna Singleman, and Fay Lin—who delve into emerging stories,
            exchange ideas, and debate the latest trends in biotech. Additionally, they talk to some of the leading
            voices in the industry about what’s now and next. Start
                    listening today! Stay up to date with the lasted episodes of Touching Base by subscribing to the GEN Podcast Newsletter Recommended For You GEN Edge Cancer Insilico Details AI-Designed, Cancer-Fighting PROTAC Targeting PKMYT1 Translational Medicine StockWatch: Cosmo Surges 40% on Baldness Candidate’s Phase III Data Translational Medicine Protego Closes $130M Series B to Fund Pivotal Trial of AL Amyloidosis Candidate Explore About GEN Contact GEN GEN Staff Editorial Guidelines Reprints and Permissions Scientific Advisory Board Advertise Media Kit and Planning Calendar Advertising Terms and Conditions Resources Get the GEN Magazine Get the GEN Email Newsletter Inside Precision Medicine Privacy Policy CCPA – Do not sell my personal information Copyright © 2025 Sage Publications or its affiliates, licensors, or contributors. All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining and training of large language models, artificial intelligence technologies, or similar technologies.