SUNY Geneseo Home | SUNY Geneseo Skip to main content Menu Apply or Request Info myGeneseo Campus Portal Main Navigation (Mobile) About About Facts Campus Map Rankings Diversity News Center Directory Meet Our Faculty Academics Academics Schools and Departments Majors, Minors, and Programs Research Study Abroad Career Design and Internships Library Admissions Admissions First Year Transfer Graduate International Apply Visit Tuition and Aid Campus Life Campus Life Clubs and Organizations Events Calendar Housing Dining Info For Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni Parents and Families Community Athletics Give Exit Menu Main navigation About About Facts Campus Map Rankings Diversity News Center Directory Meet Our Faculty Academics Academics Schools and Departments Majors, Minors, and Programs Research Study Abroad Career Design and Internships Library Admissions Admissions First Year Transfer Graduate International Apply Visit Tuition and Aid Campus Life Campus Life Clubs and Organizations Events Calendar Housing Dining Info For Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni Parents and Families Community Athletics Give Apply Top Image New York's Public Honors College Geneseo students participate in groundbreaking research, enjoy smaller classes taught by expert faculty, and can choose to live in communities of students with shared interests. College overview Geneseo students participate in groundbreaking research, enjoy smaller classes taught by expert faculty, and can choose to live in communities of students with shared interests. College overview Image The Distinction of a Geneseo Degree SUNY Geneseo ranks highly in respected education guides for its quality, academic rigor, and value. Latest rankings SUNY Geneseo ranks highly in respected education guides for its quality, academic rigor, and value. Latest rankings Image The Exceptional Value of a Geneseo Degree Geneseo tuition and fees: $8,999 per year.
Private college: $42,162 per year (average). Cost and financial aid Geneseo tuition and fees: $8,999 per year.
Private college: $42,162 per year (average). Cost and financial aid Previous Next What do you want to study? Find your program. Browse All Programs New York's Public Honors College Named a "best and most interesting" college by Fiske Guide 2023 for the quality of academics and students' social and quality-of-life ratings. Reputation #4 Top Public School in the Regional North, U.S. News & World Report (2024) #1 among 600+ master's universities in the U.S. for contributions to the public good ( Washington Monthly ) Affordability On average, tuition and fees at private colleges are four times those of SUNY Geneseo. With NY State's Excelsior Scholarship , you may be able to attend Geneseo tuition free. Rigor 90.7% of our faculty hold a PhD or other terminal degree. Among undergraduate institutions, Geneseo ranks in the top 10 nation­ally for the number of alumni with doctorates in STEM fields. Community Geneseo is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion on our campus and in our classrooms. We're one of the nation's most environmentally responsible colleges ( Princeton Review Guide to Green Colleges 2025 ). Want to know more? Sign up for a campus tour . You earned your place Why pay four times the price? Private College Tuition and fees $46,700/yr Excludes room and board Average 2024-2025 tuition and fees among ranked private colleges, according to U.S. News & World Report . SUNY Geneseo Tuition and fees $8,999/yr Excludes room and board - see our cost & financial aid overview Best Value As low as $1,929/yr with NYS Excelsior Scholarship. A superb education (says Princeton Review) Small classes (15 student median size) Remarkable undergraduate research access Career-focused internships Likely graduation in four years or less Academic Highlights Engineering 3+2 Medieval Studies Biology Astronomy See all programs Your questions, answered Where will I live? There are many choices for on-campus housing, including rooms, suites, and townhouses. More ▼ Geneseo's residence communities each have their own vibe and activities. Students can choose to live near others who share the same class year, major, or special interest if they want. Housing options What is there to do? There are more than 180 student groups and clubs at Geneseo. More ▼ There are also dozens of sports teams, music and theatre groups, volunteer programs, and research and sustainability opportunities. Events on campus happen constantly and include movies, concerts, and other activities. Life on campus What will I eat? Geneseo's focus is on providing fresh, healthy, local food options. More ▼ The campus has a nutrition and wellness manager to ensure plenty of choices for students with special diets and dietary restrictions, including gluten-free, vegan, vegetarian, and kosher. Dining options What's the area like? The river valley is pretty in every season and close to a number of cities and recreational areas. More ▼ You can be at Letchworth State Park or Conesus Lake in 10 minutes, an area ski slope in 25 minutes, Rochester in 30 minutes, and Buffalo in just over an hour. Guide to the region More questions and answers Featured Stories Four Students Win Gilman Scholarships SUNY Geneseo Names New School of Education Dean Geneseo Officers and Student Intern Recognized by SUNY Police Chiefs Association Serving the Living by Examining the Dead More Stories Social media More Instagram 1 College Circle, Geneseo, NY, 14454 Contact SUNY Geneseo Copyright © 2025 SUNY Geneseo Quick Links Academic Calendar Anti-Hazing Policy and Reporting Report a Website Problem Accessibility Join Us Apply to Geneseo Work at Geneseo Alumni Community Donate to Geneseo Student Right to Know Footer Home Email Emergency Privacy User account menu Log in