AI-Powered CX | Genesys Cloud Products Solutions Capabilities Industries AI-Powered Experience Orchestration Prebuilt solutions Genesys Cloud CX Deliver personalized experiences at scale with a comprehensive contact center. Genesys Cloud EX Drive employee efficiency in your contact center and beyond with a WEM
                  standalone solution. AppFoundry® Marketplace Extend the Genesys Cloud platform with pre‑integrated apps. Open platform Dev Tools and Public APIs Continuous innovation Cloud architecture Trust Center Global availability Integrations Deliver end-to-end personalized experiences at scale AI and automation Realize value faster with purpose-built AI that’s easy to deploy, control and optimize. Contact center software Optimize with intelligent automation and embedded AI that delivers value from day one. Digital customer engagement Seamlessly connect on any channel with humans and AI-powered bots. Customer journey management Connect data silos to orchestrate and optimize end-to-end customer and employee experiences. Workforce engagement management​ Unlock employee potential with built-in AI that simplifies management and drives impact and retention. Cloud architecture and open platform Innovate continuously, scale globally and build any customer experience. All capabilities Trusted across industries Banking Build trust and loyalty with seamless banking experiences across channels — every time. Healthcare Create secure, connected patient experiences that transform their care at scale. Retail Personalize every shopping experience with scalable retail support your customers can count on. Insurance Keep up with policyholder demands across channels using an AI-powered technology platform. Government Deliver secure, trusted digital government services that exceed customer expectations. More industries Discover how companies across industries achieve their specific goals with Genesys. Your company and Genesys Discover how pioneering organizations are reshaping the landscape of customer experience. Get ebook Customers Redefine your success standards Leading brands worldwide are making customer experience a competitive differentiator with Genesys. Customer stories Succeed and grow Case studies Customer success Professional services Product support Training and
            certification Connect and engage Customer
            communities Advocacy program Developer center Spotlight Learn how Best Buy Canada realized a 20% reduction in operational costs Read more Partners Ascend to new heights with our partners Genesys delivers an ecosystem of world-class partners and alliances that enable businesses to achieve their unique goals. Partner overview Explore our partners Strategic alliances Global system integrators AppFoundry® Marketplace Find a partner Partner with Genesys Partner portal Become a partner Partnership in action Genesys received a 5-star award in the 2024 CRN Partner Program. Learn more Resources Get the resources you need Discover the latest research, reports and resources to orchestrate more connected
              experiences. All resources Explore Reports and
            guides Demos and videos Webinars and events Blogs Podcast and video series Learn Training and
            certification Product knowledge Development AI value calculator Trending Genesys named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide General Purpose Conversational Artificial Intelligence Platforms 2025 Vendor Assessment Access the excerpt Company A great partner, a great place to work Your company is in the experience business — even if you don't know it yet. Discover how an empathy-first approach is the key to lasting success with customers, employees, partners and more. More about Genesys Who we are About us News Careers Leadership Why Genesys Sustainability Awards and recognition Responsible AI Recent The Forrester Wave™: Contact Center As A Service Platforms, Q2 2025 report Get the report Log in Search Get started Start exploring Genesys today Product tours See all that Genesys has to offer Product demo Watch the Genesys Cloud platform in action Pricing and plans Find the plan that’s right for your business Or talk with a Genesys expert Start exploring Genesys today Welcome back Not You? Please provide your work email * Get a virtual tour of Genesys Cloud Schedule a demo Contact a Genesys expert View plans and pricing What would you like to do today? * Work Email * First Name * Last Name * C-Level VP Director Manager Principal Engineer / Architect Consultant Analyst Partner Staff Unknown Job Level * Claims Collections Contact Center Management Customer Experience Customer Service Ecommerce/Digital Channels Finance Human Resources Influencer Information Technology IT Architecture IT Infrastructure IVR Marketing Operations / Process Management Production Management Purchasing Sales Unknown Job Function * Company Name * Telephone * Country * State/Province * Your Website * City * Job Title * Banking Business Services Capital Markets Communications Consumer Products Defense & Intelligence Education & Non-Profit Energy & Utilities Entertainment Government Insurance Life Sciences Logistics Manufacturing Payors Providers Retailers Technology Travel & Hospitality Retail Banking Other Industry * Just researching Gathering business requirements Comparing solutions Ready for a conversation Level of Interest * 1-20 21-50 51-100 101-300 301-500 501-1000 >1000 No Contact Center Don't Know Number of Agent Seats * What are your needs? * Agent Supervisor Administrator User type * Yes. Keep me informed via email or telephone regarding Genesys information. I would like someone to reach out to me By providing your information, you agree to our privacy policy . Thank you for your interest A Genesys representative will be in contact with you
                                    shortly. Call a representative Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Pacific. US: 888-GENESYS (436-3797) International: +1 650 466-1100 Fax: +1 650 466-1260 Headquarters 1302 El Camino Real, Suite 300, Menlo Park CA, 94025 See all our locations Careers Join an inclusive team that believes in sincerity, fun and supporting each other while defining the future of customer experience. Customer Support Portal Submit new support tickets and track existing ones through a single,
                                            convenient site. Genesys Knowledge Network Use this all-in-one access point to find links to resources that improve your
                                            Genesys experience. Thank you for requesting your demo A Genesys representative will reach out to you
                                    shortly to get it scheduled. While you wait… Explore how AI influences and enables Experience Orchestration Read the article See why analysts and users agree – Genesys delivers a leading platform. Get the reports Experience Genesys Cloud for yourself. Take the tour AI for the Experience Economy Customer experience technology for the age of AI — built on our AI-Powered Experience Orchestration platform Get started Get a demo Genesys named a general purpose conversational AI Leader by IDC MarketScape Download now Products that make a difference Personalize experiences at scale with a trusted platform Genesys makes it easy to drive growth, customer loyalty and employee productivity — all while reducing cost. Genesys Cloud CX Our AI-powered, comprehensive solution maximizes your impact across every experience and every channel. Explore Genesys Cloud CX Genesys Cloud EX Optimize your employee experience and deliver results with a standalone workforce engagement management solution. AppFoundry Marketplace Extend the Genesys Cloud™ platform with hundreds of pre-integrated apps from industry-leading partners. Solutions that enable success Innovate faster across your contact center and beyond Genesys Cloud delivers all the tools your business needs to level up performance with more efficient and effective service across every interaction, no matter the channel. View all capabilities AI and automation Realize value faster with purpose-built AI that’s easy to deploy, control and optimize. Contact center software Optimize with intelligent automation and embedded AI that delivers value from Day One. Digital customer engagement Seamlessly connect on any channel with humans and AI-powered bots. Customer journey management Connect data silos to orchestrate and optimize end-to-end customer and employee experiences. Workforce engagement management Unlock employee potential with built-in AI that simplifies management and drives impact and retention. Cloud architecture and open platform Innovate continuously, scale globally and build any customer experience (CX) with an open CX platform. Future-ready vision for cx Redefine what’s possible for CX with AI-Powered Experience Orchestration No matter where your customers’ journeys start, you can uncover insights and take the next best action with Genesys Cloud and built-in AI. Now it’s easier than ever to keep employees engaged and customers happy. Learn more Explore the levels Lead the conversation Trending topics at Genesys See all topics Ebook 2026 Buyer’s Guide for AI and CX Discover how to evolve your customer and employee experiences with the latest AI-powered technologies shaping 2026 with the Buyer’s Guide for AI and CX. Blog Agentic ecosystems will build the intelligent enterprise Video Seamless patient experiences: Health CX from Genesys, integrated with Epic Blog The hidden costs of underfunding customer experiences in 2026 Article Practical guide to modern workforce planning Article Contact center AI myths vs. reality Experience Real Results Customer success stories View all stories “Genesys Cloud AI offers a much richer, personalized customer experience. For example, it provides personality to our voicebot that’s consistent with the Kiwibank brand. The system is so much easier to tune, understand and follow the customer journey. And we have much cleaner data and reports.” Emma Noble-Beasley General Manager Contact Center, Kiwibank Read the story “Genesys Cloud offered the best interface, the most transparent pricing and the greatest options for integration. The last point was key as we wanted to escape the hassle of managing bolt-on solutions.” Marty Hand CTO, The Hotline Read the story “The change in employee happiness has been so apparent that it’s been noted to other departments by our city manager who receives hardly any complaint calls or emails now. We’ve also seen staff turnover drop from 40% to zero, against an industry standard of 30% to 45%.” Amy Sessions Customer Service Division Manager, City of Clearwater Read the story “The new platform has represented a significant shift, from a segment-by-segment search for information to complete visibility of all client interactions with just a few clicks, while delivering recordings and quality assurance insights for targeted feedback.” Angelina Griselda Stankiewicz Chávez Senior Contact Center Manager, Aeromexico Read the story “Embracing CX Cloud from Genesys and Salesforce is more than a transition; it’s a leap into a future where innovation meets efficiency. Replacing OpenCTI, this integration seamlessly intertwines with Salesforce omni-channel, promising a transformative impact that redefines our customer experience landscape.” Philip Hagenfeldt Commercial System Lead, Benify Read the story Recommendations you can trust Analysts and users agree — Genesys is a leader Recognized as a leader by analysts and users alike, setting the standard in customer engagement solutions. 2025 Gartner ® Critical Capabilities for Contact Center as a Service Genesys was the only vendor to be ranked #1 in 3 of 5 Use Cases IDC MarketScape: Worldwide General Purpose Conversational Artificial Intelligence Platforms 2025 Vendor Assessment Genesys named a general purpose conversational AI Leader by IDC MarketScape The Forrester Wave™: Contact Center As A Service Platforms, Q2 2025 report Genesys named a Leader by Forrester in CCaaS See Genesys Cloud CX in action Talk with an expert to see firsthand how you can transform customer and employee experiences today. Get started Talk to Genesys today Contact us English (US) Deutsch English (UK) English (APAC) Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português Products Genesys Cloud CX Genesys Cloud EX AppFoundry All platform capabilities Pricing Demo Support Login Product support Professional services Communities Training and certification Developer Center System status Resources Reports and guides Demos and videos Webinars and events Blog Podcast All resources Experience orchestration Contact center software Customer stories Definitions Partners Partner overview Strategic alliances System integrators Partner portal Company Careers Global offices Leadership Sustainability Trust Center Awards Newsroom Legal Connect with Genesys Stay connected with the latest articles, industry stories, product updates and more. Subscribe to newsletter Terms of use Privacy policy Email subscription Accessibility Sitemap Cookie settings Copyright © 2025 Genesys. All rights reserved.