 Geniuslink - URL Shortener for Creators and Affiliates Log In Support Blog Toggle navigation HOME (current) FEATURES (current) HOW IT WORKS PRICING JOIN LOG IN SUPPORT BLOG Supercharge your Amazon earnings with the world’s smartest product links. Maximize your revenue with localization , mobile deep linking , and seller networks . 
          Built to empower creators , publishers , and more... Try it free Guaranteed Amazon Safe AMAZON AND BEYOND Diversify and double your income with Choice Pages Drive more sales by helping your audience comparison-shop, all while diversifying and boosting your income. More... LOVED BY CREATORS, PUBLISHERS, AND BRANDS More happy clients... "Geniuslink increased our total international affiliate revenue by 120%." David Peterson, CEO - ShutUpAndTakeMyMoney Trusted by thousands of the world's most successful creators and publishers for over a decade. Intelligent links that instantly multiply sales Combine the power of localization, deep linking, and seller networks to
              improve the shopping experience of your audience, boost revenue, and capture international commissions. Automatic Amazon localization Maximize your international Amazon Associates revenue. Geni.us links send each visitor to the best product in their own
              country's Amazon store, automatically. More... Mobile deep linking New! Double or triple your Amazon earnings by ensuring that your links take mobile shoppers to the Amazon app whenever possible, 
            instead of getting stranded in a random app's browser. More... Optimize your content automatically Already have published links you need optimized? Check out our YouTube Link optimizer, WordPress plugins,
                      JS snippets, API and more... Empower your audience and diversify with Choice Pages One link. Multiple destinations. Boost and diversify your income by turning your audience into confident
                  comparison shoppers who are more likely to buy. Learn more about Choice Pages... . Never hunt for an affiliate link or code again Just connect your affiliate programs. We'll make sure every product link you share earns
                    you commissions. See supported retailers... Grow on Amazon and beyond Create and manage affiliate links for nearly all the world's major stores, all through one dashboard. Supported retailers... Fast and friendly support when you need it most. Don't let technical issues, broken links, or feeling stuck cost you sales. Whenever there's a problem,
            you'll talk to a real human with the smarts to help you solve it quickly. Explore all features... Per-click pricing that flexes with you Earn more revenue and grow more quickly with plans that scale along with your success. See pricing... Get 14 days with infinite clicks for zero dollars. Start Now News & Updates Site Map How it works for... Affiliates Creators Youtubers Authors Brands Retailers Features & pricing Pricing All features Localization Choice Pages Supported affiliate programs Link building methods Geniuslink Express app About Geniuslink Testimonials Blog Support Contact Our team Jobs Meta Amazon Affiliate - The Definitive Guide "Is Geniuslink safe to use for Amazon Associates?" Geniuslink vs. Amazon OneLink Terms of Service Privacy Policy GDPR Affiliate Disclosure Spam Policy Do not sell my personal information (EU & US-California only) © 2023 by GeoRiot Networks, Inc.