Genialy home page

Features

Solutions

Create

Templates

Pricing

Log in
Sign up

Here to join a live session? Enter your code

Build interactive and gamified experiences

Make interactive learning and communication materials with Genially’s easy-to-use content creation tool. Design fun, click-to-explore experiences that captivate your audience.

Start free now

PC Mag

“I like that you can do this without any kind of coding skills”

Fast Company

“An easy, fast, and free way to make interactive graphics without any code or technical expertise”

EdSurge

“Stories are good, but adding interactive game elements makes them great”

30M+ users 

AUTHORING TOOL

Build stunning and original courses, fast

Genially offers a complete cloud-based toolkit for Instructional Design and Training teams. Roll out professional eLearning materials with rapid development times, and zero coding.

Sleek graphics and app-style aesthetic.
Easy to use for beginners and SMEs.
Ideal for slide-based and micro-learning.
Built for team collaboration and scalability.
Dynamic SCORM and LMS connectivity.

EDUCATION SOFTWARE

Boost engagement in the classroom

Create interactive teaching resources, increase participation in class, and enhance school-wide communication. Genially is an all-in-one digital learning platform for K12 and beyond.

Built-in classroom response tools for live games and quizzes.
Support digital skills development among students and staff.
School & District licensing and centralized admin controls.
FERPA and COPPA compliant.
Content meets WCAG 2.2 Level AA accessibility standards.

Recognized for innovation in EdTech

“Genially offers distinct advantages over traditional learning formats by providing interactive, visually appealing content that enhances engagement and comprehension”

Luigi Pessina, Director, Education Programs and Strategy at Intel®

Read more

Key Features

INTERACTIVE CONTENT BUILDER

One click and it’s interactive

Whether you’re developing an online training course, designing website content, or preparing a class for your students, Genially helps you make it interactive, memorable, and super engaging.
 

Easy-to-use Editor: No coding!
50+ interactive elements and activities
Animations and visual storytelling tools

Explore interactivity features

GAMIFICATION TOOLS

Unlock the power of play

Turn any kind of content — even serious subjects like workplace learning — into a fun and rewarding experience. Use game mechanics to drive conversions, boost retention, and keep your audience eager for more.
 

Live leaderboard
Plug-and-play game widgets
Customize every element of the design

Explore gamification features

CREATIVE DESIGN TOOLS

Audiovisual storytelling, made easy with AI

Bring static content to life with gorgeous graphics, animations, embedded video, and media. Integrated AI tools help you generate images, voiceovers, translations, quizzes - and speed up your workflow.

Explore how to use AI features

Quiz Builder

Assess learners and capture audience feedback with 10+ interactive question formats.

Audience Engagement

Host live games, polls, quizzes, and interactive presentations with a leaderboard.

Animations

Add visual polish with timed and click-trigger animations, and sleek slide transitions.

Brand Kit

Scale up and help every member of your team design on-brand materials.

Class Workspace

Help your students develop digital skills and design their own interactive projects.

Analytics

Track learner progress and see how people are engaging with your content.

LMS Integration

Connect to your Learning Management System with SCORM or LTI.

Collaboration

Work better together with real-time co-editing, permissions, and team management controls.

See all features

SECURITY & PRIVACY

Built on trust

Genially is trusted by enterprises and educational institutions alike, and compliant with data protection and security standards including SOC 2, GDPR, FERPA, and COPPA.

Learn more
Get started with a template

eLearning

Interactive course modules • Workplace training • eLearning games •  Employee onboarding • Live training session resources

K12 Education

Classroom games • Online Escape Rooms • Quizzes • Infographics • Interactive presentations • School admin resources

Higher Education

Interactive lecture slides • Polls • Distance learning • Study guides • Case studies

Marketing & Communication

Interactive documents • Microsites • Brochures & Catalogs • Social posts

Made by the community

See what others have created, get ideas, and use their designs as templates.

Sign up free

Create your free account to start building interactive experiences

Get started free
Genialy home page

Product

Product overview
Interactive Content
Question & Quiz Builder
Audience Engagement
Gamifications
AI Features
Brand Kit
Collaboration and team management
No-code interactions and animations
Widget library
LMS Integration
Pricing

Templates

All templates
eLearning & Training
K12 Education
School Admin
Business
Marketing
Higher Education
Human Resources
Games
Quizzes
Surveys
Infographics
Interactive Images
Microsites
Presentations
Community templates

Create

Interactive presentations
Infographics
Interactive images
Slideshows
Training materials
Pitch Decks
Flowchart
Interactive card
Escape room
Digital brochures
Timelines
Choice Boards
Online Courses
Image Comparison Sliders
More

What’s it for?

eLearning
Business
Schools
University
Customer stories
Articulate 360 alternative
Nearpod alternative
Kahoot alternative
Community

Learn

Genially Talks
Genially Academy
Blog
Help Center

Company

Who we are
Join the team
Partners
Contact
Sales contact
Security & Privacy
System status

Creating interactive content is oh so easy

Start now
$Instagram Link
$Facebook Link
$X Link
$Youtube Link
$Linkedin Link
$Pinterest Link
$ProductHuntWhite Link
English
Español
Français
Português
Italiano
Deutsch
Privacy
Legal Notice
Terms and Conditions
Cookies
Complaints channel

© 2025 Genially. All Rights Reserved. Hey ho, let’s Genially! 🤘

Your privacy is important to us
We use our own cookies and those of third parties to allow for a variety of features, analyze our services and show you additional options according to your preferences and browsing habits. You can read more about this in the cookies policy.
Settings
Reject All Accept All Cookies