Gensler | Creating a Better World Through the Power of Design Gensler Gensler Research & Insights Gensler Research Institute Unlocking design solutions to navigate a changing world. LEARN MORE Latest Research & Insights Gensler Research Institute Overview Latest Research & Insights FEATURED TOPICS Office to Residential Conversions Work & The Workplace Future of Cities Sustainability & Resilience Future of Healthcare Design for Equity Lifestyle Experiences IN FOCUS dialogue Blog Design Forecast Resilience by Design Research Library Workplace Surveys Webinars Podcasts Expertise Aviation Brand Design Build to Suit & Headquarters Building Transformation & Adaptive Reuse Cities & Urban Design Climate Action & Sustainability Consumer Goods Critical Facilities Culture & Museums Digital Experience Design Education Energy Entertainment Financial Services Foundations, Associations & Organizations Government & Defense Healthcare Hospitality Industrial & Logistics Media Mixed Use & Retail Centers Mobility & Transportation Office Developers Product Development Professional Services Residential Retail & Consumer Experience Sciences Senior Living Sports Strategy Technology Wellness Projects Featured All By Topic By Office People All Global Co-Chairs Co-CEOs Board of Directors By Topic By Office Offices North America Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Charlotte Chicago Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Kansas City La Crosse Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis Morristown, NJ Nashville New York Newport Beach Oakland Philadelphia Phoenix Raleigh San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tampa Toronto Vancouver Washington, D.C. Latin America Bogotá Dominican Republic Mexico City Monterrey San José, Costa Rica Europe Berlin Birmingham London Munich Paris Middle East Abu Dhabi Dubai Riyadh Greater China Beijing Hong Kong Shanghai Asia Pacific Bangalore Bangkok Mumbai Singapore Sydney Tokyo About Firm Profile In The Media Press Releases Community Careers Contact Us Share Search Trending Topics A New Vision for Co-Living Conversions Gensler Product Sustainability Standards™ Conversions+™ by Gensler Design Forecast 2026 6 Trends Shaping Design in 2026 Discover the most important and actionable themes shaping design in 2026, based on over 100 trends across 33 industries around the world. Blog 10 Workplace Trends for 2026: What’s In and What’s Out? This is the year of bold moves, human-first thinking, and AI that doesn’t just answer questions but joins the team. In The Media Co-CEOs Jordan Goldstein and Elizabeth Brink Unpack Gensler’s 2026 Design Forecast With Semafor’s CEO Signal Gensler’s co-CEOs explain how AI is helping companies shape new workplaces—driving more flexible layouts, tech-free focus zones, sound isolation, and AI-powered storytelling to attract people back to the office. Semafor Blog Trends to Watch: What’s Next for Airports and Aviation Gensler’s Aviation leaders take a closer look at the trends shaping the future of travel, and what’s next for the industry. Blog Trends to Watch Shaping the Future of Sports Gensler’s Sports leaders explore the design trends redefining the next era of sports design, from fan-first districts to athlete-driven spaces. In The Media Gensler Experts Explore Elements of Well-Designed Real Estate Projects in Austin with Insights from Gensler’s 2026 Design Forecast Gensler Design Director Michael Waddell and Mixed-Use Leader John Hallock discussed the future of mixed-use developments in Central Texas, where “ambitions remain incredibly high.” Austin Business Journal Blog Test, Don’t Guess: A New Approach for Healthcare Design Healthcare leaders are modeling multiple futures before breaking ground — shifting from fixed bets to flexible strategies. Blog For People to Stay, They Need Places to ‘Go’ Public restrooms are essential urban infrastructure that help people pause, linger, and enjoy city life. In The Media Gensler’s City Pulse 2025 Findings Reinforce Trend of Cities Adapting By Prioritizing Mixed-Use Vibrancy, Affordability, and Resilience “Americans are not abandoning cities. They're moving to cities that feel affordable, safe, and vibrant,” noted Gensler Cities Research Lead Sofia Song, who shared findings from the latest cities report. FOX Blog Trends to Watch: How Global Events Build Magnetic Place Brands From the Super Bowl to the FIFA World Cup, marquee events transform urban environments into platforms that amplify civic pride and create lasting impact. Blog San Francisco’s AI Boom Is Our Chance to Build a People-First City The AI gold rush presents a rare opportunity to reinvest in our urban core, reconnect our neighborhoods, and rebuild our streets. Blog When Rivers Rise and Wells Run Dry: Designing Water-Resilient Cities Climate change is making floods and droughts more intense — but designers have solutions that can limit the damage. In The Media Forbes Spotlights Gensler’s Nature-Led Design at Nekajui, a Ritz Carlton Reserve Gensler’s Rashana Zaklit highlights how the luxury hospitality experience followed a nature-led, site-responsive design approach. Forbes Blog Beyond the Screen: Making Digital Beauty Brands Shine in Real Life How digital-first retailers can navigate the crucial transition of a brand into physical space. Blog Designing Tomorrow’s Shopping Centers: Global Ideas From Kuwait, Costa Rica, and Beyond Around the world, developers are experimenting with new models that expand the meaning of “retail.” For U.S. retail designers, these examples offer valuable lessons for an era defined by shifting consumer behavior, climate pressures, and the need to create authentic community experiences. In The Media The Masters of Scale Podcast Featured a Conversation With Co-CEO Elizabeth Brink and Co-Chair Andy Cohen on Designing the Office as a Destination Gensler Co-CEO Elizabeth Brink and Co-Chair Andy Cohen reflected on the firm’s collaborative leadership model, how AI is disrupting the industry, and insights on designing for the future of work. The Masters of Scale Blog NEXT NEXT: Redefining Science Work for the AI and Machine Era Our new concept looks at how AI and automation are redefining the science workplace and reshaping the future of labs. In The Media Gensler’s Ray Yuen Led a Discussion on the Future of Workplace Design at the Fortune Brainstorm Design Forum in Macau Gensler Hong Kong Managing Director Ray Yuen led a discussion at Fortune’s Brainstorm Design Forum on designing experiences to draw employees back to the office. Fortune Blog How Nokia’s New R&D Campus Raises the Bar for Canada’s Tech Ecosystem The company’s new space in Ottawa replaces the traditional workplace model with one centered on employee experience. Blog The New Job for the Airport CEO: It’s More Challenging — and More Uplifting — Than Ever In this pivotal moment, we have an opportunity to design airports and terminals that feel less like infrastructure and more like inspirational destinations. Blog Designing the Future of Travel at Pittsburgh International Airport Building a terminal rooted in flexibility, passenger experience, and the spirit of a city that’s reinventing itself. In The Media Gensler-Designed SFO Harvey Milk Terminal 1 Honored With the Prix Versailles 2025 Best of Show Prize in Aviation The prestigious Prix Versailles Awards celebrate projects that go beyond functionality to embody beauty, cultural integration, and sustainability. The Prix Versailles Blog How Design Can Advance Diverse Nonprofit Missions Nonprofits can use architecture and design strategies in campus development to amplify their mission impact and operational excellence VIEW LATEST RESEARCH VIEW DIALOGUE BLOG We are creating a better world through the power of design. Gensler is a global architecture, design, and planning firm with 56 locations across Asia, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, and the Americas. Every day we impact millions of people’s lives with the spaces we create, which is why people are at the center of everything we do. Designing for the human experience is what allows us to tackle the toughest challenges facing cities and shape a more resilient and inclusive future for everyone. Learn more about Gensler SPOTLIGHT Real Estate Value Moves From Square Footage to Human Connection Traditional performance benchmarks are evolving to prioritize engagement and experience across all generations. Design’s Expanding Role in Measuring Value A Multigenerational Workforce Redefines Expectations Inside Bangalore’s Talent Race Adaptive Workplace Design in the Parisian Urban Fabric T. Rowe Price Harbor Point Headquarters , Baltimore, Maryland FEATURED PROJECTS Global Technology Company Suzhou Campus Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China A confidential technology campus finds harmony between a quiet local culture and a commanding industry ethos. Under Armour Global Headquarters Baltimore, Maryland Gensler collaborated with Under Armour to design a groundbreaking headquarters and destination for collaboration, athletic excellence, and community connection. NVIDIA Santa Clara, California The Silicon Valley pioneer NVIDIA sought a corporate headquarters that reflected its core belief in people as its greatest asset. Want more of Gensler’s design insights? Sign up for our dialogue Now newsletters to get regular updates sent directly to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE Design Your Career With Us We grow our firm by growing our people — if you are a recent graduate or a seasoned designer who believes in the power of design, we invite you to search for opportunities and explore how you can reimagine the future with us. JOIN OUR TEAM Contact Gensler Fact Sheet Guiding Principles Newsletter Inclusion Ethics Resilience Top of page © 2025 Gensler, All Rights Reserved Privacy Statement Cookie Preferences Transparency Statement