 Get Gentoo!
 gentoo.org sites 
Home
Get started
Downloads
Inside Gentoo
Support
Get involved
 Donate

Welcome to Gentoo, a highly flexible, source-based Linux distribution.

Learn more
 Get started now
FOSDEM 2026 (Dec 26, 2025)

Once again it’s FOSDEM time! Join us at Université Libre de Bruxelles, Campus du Solbosch, in Brussels, Belgium. The upcoming FOSDEM 2026 will be held on January 31st and February 1st 2026. If you visit FOSDEM, make sure to come by at our Gentoo stand (exact location still to be announced), for the newest Gentoo news and Gentoo swag. Also, this year there will be a talk about the official Gentoo binary packages in the Distributions devroom. Visit our Gentoo wiki page on FOSDEM 2026 to see who’s coming and for more practical information.

Urgent - OSU Open Source Lab needs your help (Apr 30, 2025)

Oregon State University’s Open Source Lab (OSL) has been a major supporter of Gentoo Linux and many other software projects for years. It is currently hosting several of our infrastructure servers as well as development machines for exotic architectures, and is critical for Gentoo operation.

Due to drops in sponsor contributions, OSL has been operating at loss for a while, with the OSU College of Engineering picking up the rest of the bill. Now, university funding has been cut, this is not possible anymore, and unless US$ 250.000 can be provided within the next two weeks OSL will have to shut down. The details can be found in a blog post of Lance Albertson, the director of OSL.

Please, if you value and use Gentoo Linux or any of the other projects that OSL has been supporting, and if you are in a position to make funds available, if this is true for the company you work for, etc … contact the address in the blog post. Obviously, long-term corporate sponsorships would here serve best - for what it’s worth, OSL developers have ended up at almost every big US tech corporation by now. Right now probably everything helps though.

All news items 
Developer blogs live from Planet Gentoo
GentooNews	FOSDEM 2026
mgorny	One jobserver to rule them all
mgorny	How we incidentally uncovered a 7-year old bug in gentoo-ci
mgorny	EPYTEST_PLUGINS and other goodies now in Gentoo
GentooNews	Urgent - OSU Open Source Lab needs your help
Security advisories from our Security database
GLSA 202512-01	GnuPG: Arbitrary Code Execution	high
GLSA 202511-07	librnp: Weak random number generation	high
GLSA 202511-06	libpng: Multiple vulnerabilities	high
GLSA 202511-05	redict, redis: Multiple Vulnerabilities	high
GLSA 202511-04	Chromium, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge. Opera: Multiple Vulnerabilities	high
New packages at the Gentoo packages database
media-libs/libcamera	Complex camera support library
dev-ruby/fiddle	A libffi wrapper for Ruby
dev-ruby/readline	Class to build custom data structures, similar to a Hash
dev-ruby/pstore	Transactional File Storage for Ruby Objects
dev-cpp/tlfloat	C++ template library for floating point operations
Fresh documentation on the Gentoo wiki
Sequoia	started by Csfore
LilyPond	started by Flexibeast
Static routing/es	started by Flamitsu
Guildmaster	started by Sam
Steve	started by Sam
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS?
Please feel free to contact us.
HOME
News
GET STARTED
About Gentoo
Philosophy
Screenshots
FAQ 
DOWNLOADS
Mirrors
Signatures
INSIDE GENTOO
Developers
Projects 
GLEPs
Artwork
Gentoo Foundation
Sponsors
Stores
Contact
SUPPORT
Consulting
Documentation
Package database 
Repository news items
Security
USE flags
rsync mirrors
GET INVOLVED
IRC channels
Forums 
Mailing lists
Contribute
Become a developer
Get the code
m
Privacy Policy
© 2001-2025 Gentoo Authors
Gentoo is a trademark of the Gentoo Foundation, Inc. and of Förderverein Gentoo e.V. The contents of this document, unless otherwise expressly stated, are licensed under the CC-BY-SA-4.0 license. The Gentoo Name and Logo Usage Guidelines apply.
Version
fe9f533 Generated
Generated: 2025-12-30T04:15:16Z