Home - Toggle navigation Photo Contest Digital 4K Learn More Upgrade Legacy Upgrade A2 to PRO Amateur Radio 4k Premium Data Accessories and Gifts Mechanical Clocks New Clocks Restored Clocks Features > Mapsets Lighting Dura Drive Specials About About Us What is a Geochron? Our Craftsmanship Recent News Contact Us Restoration Help Pricing Lighting Upgrades Map Upgrades Shipping Get Help Support Digital 4k Mechanical Dealer Locator Support Documents Layer Activation Login Register Restore your Geochron Explore Digital Explore Mechanical everywhere. It's time, Since 1964 … … and before the internet, the Geochron World Clock was the only way to see the Sunrise and Sunset on Earth in real-time, in sync with the Earth’s 23.4 degree axial tilt against the Sun.  President Reagan presented as a gift to Mikhail Gorbachev as an example of American Engineering, and these photogenic world clocks have appeared in motion pictures like the The Hunt for Red October. Over 30,000 mechanical Geochrons have been built over the years.  From our shop in Colorado Springs, CO., we alone continue to build and restore these mechanical masterpieces for fine homes and businesses worldwide with enhanced features that were unavailable before 2015. Today, the Geochron Digital 4k takes the terrestrial beauty of our mechanical clocks in to the digital realm in glittering 4k resolution.  The digital Geochron is unconstrained by physical gears and assemblies, so it’s much more affordable… constantly evolving with more mapsets, layers, and live data than ever before. The Geochron World Clock The original machine custom built around the mechanical charisma that you remember, but with modern mapsets, lighting systems, and panels. Restoring your World Clock A complete rebuild adds a modern drive system and mapsets for a clock that will last another generation. The Geochron Digital 4k If the Geochron had been invented in 2018, this would be it.  Find the actual location of the International Space Station, and much more. Your smart phone will never look this good. The Only One It’s the only mechanical geo graphic chron ometer made in the world today.  A signature display of the world in real time. Learn more… A Real Machine Updated in 2017 to magnetic motors , we’ve created the most reliable Geochron ever made, and reduced power consumption with LED Lighting . 10 Time-Space Indicators Watch the Earth move in 24 time zones, the sun’s analemma and meridian passage, sunrise, sundown, and more… Your World View Watch the sun rise and fall in real time within seven mapset combinations , and mark the locations that are important to you. Elegant and Intricate Beautiful from a distance but intensely data rich up close, you’ll learn something new about the world every time you look at a Geochron. Learn more… The Living Planet See major air and sea routes, pollution flows, human lights, and live events that are continually being added to. ( Digital only ) About Us The only place in the world where the elegant mechanical Geochrons are built (new or restored) is a small machine shop in Colorado USA, while our digital Geochrons are solely installed and programmed here in Portland, Oregon. We're just a crew of folks who listen to too much 70’s rock and help each other however we can as we wrench away (or program) this beautiful mechanical and digital timepiece. Connect With Us Recent News We maintain an archive of our past newsletters for you to explore! View Newsletter History Newsletters and Promotions Your subscription could not be saved. Please try again. Your subscription has been successful. Subscribe: Sign Up Geochron Information About Us Contact Us Mechanical Service & Support Digital 4k X5 Support Repair and Restoration Download Lighting Upgrade Form Mechanical Trade-in Program Order a Shipping Carton Mechanical Shipping Form Privacy Policy © 2021 - Geochron. All Rights Reserved.