GeoEdge - Ad Quality & Security Solutions | 360° Malvertising Protection Skip to content We’re Hiring! Sales Questions? Need Support? Login We’re Hiring! Sales Questions? Need Support? Login Free Trial Web Security Real-Time Threat Prevention Zero Trust Link Guard Publishers Real-Time Protection Creative QA Automation Platforms Ongoing Protection Pre-Approval Verification CTV App Developers Resources Case Studies Blog Reports Ad Ops University Video Library Company About Us NewsRoom Careers Proxy Contact Us Start Free Trial Web Security Real-Time Threat Prevention Zero Trust Link Guard Publishers Real-Time Protection Creative QA Automation Platforms Ongoing Protection Pre-Approval Verification CTV App Developers Resources Case Studies Blog Reports Ad Ops University Video Library Company About Us NewsRoom Careers Proxy Contact Us Start Free Trial Your Security Partner for Ad Quality Prevent Bad Ads From Damaging the User Experience Web CTV In-App Securing The Digital Advertising Experience Malvertising Protection Defend against malvertising injected through the creative or landing page. Ad Quality Control Block any ad for any reason. Define rules for automatic content filtering and account-specific policies. Total Transparency View all programmatic creatives and tailor ad policies to your audience’s preferences Publishers Publishers around the world rely on us to stop malicious and low-quality ads from reaching their audience. We enable publishers to maximize their ad revenue without quality concerns, protect their brand reputation and increase their user loyalty. For Publishers Platforms We empower platforms to gain control of all ads served via their platform and prevent malicious or bad ads from reaching their publishers and supply partners. Allowing the platform to open up new revenue streams by protecting user experience. For Platforms SECURITY BUILT IN. NOT BOLTED ON Protect The Integrity Of Your Brand With GeoEdge Since 2010, GeoEdge has been the trusted cyber security and ad quality partner for the digital advertising industry. GeoEdge has unparalleled knowledge and experience in user threats from our teams background inside the Israeli military intelligence divisions. Start Your Free Trial TRUSTED BY: 450+ Publishers & Platforms TESTIMONIALS What Our Partners Say The value of our partnership with GeoEdge is far more extensive than the sales edge it provides us with. Nickolas Rekeda CMO I MGID GeoEdge solves an industry problem, and the service works very well. Our publishers who had previously turned off advertising on weekends now feel safe monetizing their sites around the clock. Simone Chizzali CEO & Founder I Adasta Media We are thrilled to work with GeoEdge to ensure a clean and safe ad ecosystem for our partners. Their collaborative and flexible approach gives us peace of mind and confidence moving forward Enrique Noga Chief Product Officer I Kimia With GeoEdge, we stopped hundreds of malvertising attacks each day, and drastically cut down our creative approval time – in some cases from one day down to mere seconds. Sencan Ozen CEO I ReklamStore We are proud to have integrated with GeoEdge, a powerful, automated solution that protects our partners’ ad quality and enables us to continue to grow. Noelia Amoedo CEO I MediaSmart We keep hearing of publishers who are attacked by auto-redirects, but CompassTV remains safe with no user complaints. I can focus on my work without worrying about malware attacks. Ms. Ayako Ito Head of Programmatic  I  CompassTV As a result of deploying GeoEdge’s real-time solution, Evolve Media saw a reduction in instances of malicious activity on its sites by 80%-90%. Veronica Gilton Chief Technology Officer  I  Evolve Media GeoEdge offers more than just technology. GeoEdge provides true partnership. When you partner with us, you benefit not only from cutting-edge technology, but from insights drawn from leading publishers and platforms around the world. Together, we are all committed to the safety and security of our users, and to a thriving digital industry. For Publishers For Platforms GET STARTED WITH GEOEDGE TODAY Define what bad ads look like for your business and test drive GeoEdge's real-time ad quality solution. Start Your Free Trial Solutions Publishers Platforms App Developers Pricing Publishers Platforms App Developers Pricing Resources Blog Reports, Whitepapers & eBooks Ad Ops University Case Studies & Customers Blog Reports, Whitepapers & eBooks Ad Ops University Case Studies & Customers Information About Us News & Events Careers Refer-a-Friend Program User First Approach to Monetization Sitemap Glossary About Us News & Events Careers Refer-a-Friend Program User First Approach to Monetization Sitemap Glossary Subscribe to Active Security Threat Alerts Email (Required) CAPTCHA Facebook-f Linkedin-in Twitter © Copyright Five Media Marketing Ltd. d/b/a GeoEdge All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service GeoEdge.com is owned and operated by Five Media Marketing Limited, 7 Florinis Street, Nicosia, Cyprus.