Resources
Calculators
Join Lesson
Sign in
Search

Number Sense

Understanding numbers, their relationships and numerical reasoning

Algebra

Using symbols to solve equations and express patterns

Geometry

Studying shapes, sizes and spatial relationships in mathematics

Measurement

Quantifying and comparing attributes like length, weight and volume

Operations

Performing mathematical operations like addition, subtraction, division

Probability and Statistics

Analyzing uncertainty and likelihood of events and outcomes

Community Resources
Get started with our Resources

Calculator Suite

Explore functions, solve equations, construct geometric shapes

Graphing Calculator

Visualize equations and functions with interactive graphs and plots

Geometry

Explore geometric concepts and constructions in a dynamic environment

3D Calculator

Graph functions and perform calculations in 3D

Scientific Calculator

Perform calculations with fractions, statistics and exponential functions

Notes

Explore our online note taking app with interactive graphs, slides, images and much more

App Downloads
Get started with the GeoGebra Apps
GeoGebra tools and resources
Teach and learn math in a smarter way

GeoGebra is more than a set of free tools to do math. It’s a platform to connect enthusiastic teachers and students and offer them a new way to explore and learn about math.

Start Calculator
Math Resources

Recommended math resources

GeoGebra-curated for Grades 4 to 12

Number Sense
Operations
Algebra
Measurement
Geometry
Probability and Statistics

What we offer

Math Resources

Our newest collection of GeoGebra Math Resources has been meticulously crafted by our expert team for Grades 4 to 12.

Explore all

Math Calculators & Apps

Free tools for an interactive learning and exam experience. Available on all platforms.

Explore all

Classroom Collaboration

Interactive math lessons with GeoGebra materials available. Integration with various LMSs supported.

Learn more

Math Solver

Take a photo of your math homework. Get step-by-step solutions with explanations and practice similar problems.

Try out
Trusted by millions of teachers and students worldwide
I appreciate the responsiveness of the GeoGebra staff and the larger community.

Nancy Swarat

Teacher / OCTM, Oregon, US

My students LOVE using GeoGebra.

Peter Myers

Teacher, New York City, US

GeoGebra brings mathematics to life!

Steven C. Silvestri

Teacher, New York, US

GeoGebra allowed us to provide access and equity to our diverse student population.

Irina Kimyagarov

Teacher, New York, US

GeoGebra has changed the way I teach.

Maria Meyer

Teacher, New Mexico, US

TEACHERS & STUDENTS
Make math interactive

Try our exploration activities to discover important math concepts, then use our practice activities to master these skills.

Explore Resources
TEACHERS & STUDENTS
Explore math with free calculators

Explore our easy-to-use calculators that can be used to promote student-centered discovery-based learning. Perform calculations for any level of mathematics including 3D.

Start Calculator
TEACHERS
Engage every student

Our Classroom learning platform allows teachers to view student progress real-time and provide individual feedback for personalized learning experience. It helps teachers to encourage active participation and discussion.

Explore Classroom
Our mission

Our mission is to give the best tools for teachers to empower their students to unleash their greatest potential. We go beyond being just a collection of tools. Striving to connect passionate individuals from the education world, we offer a fresh approach to teaching, exploring, and learning mathematics.

About us
Get started using GeoGebra today

Create a free account so you can save your progress any time and access thousands of math resources for you to customize and share with others

Create an Account
About
Partners
Help Center
Terms of Service
Privacy
License
Graphing Calculator
Calculator Suite
Math Resources

Download our apps here:

English / English (United States)

© 2025 GeoGebra®