Georgia.Gov Chatbot

I'm a virtual assistant and I can help answer your questions.

How can I help you?
Skip to main content

An official website of the State of Georgia. How you know

English
Organizations
Search
Main navigation
Services A-Z
How-To Guides
Your Government
Contact Us
Search this site
Enter your keywords
Welcome to Georgia.gov

Your starting place for living, growing, and thriving in the Peach State.

SERVICES A-Z

Top-Accessed Services
SNAP Benefits
Driving and Vehicles
Taxes and Refunds
Register a Business
Birth and Death Certificates
Find an Offender
Moving to Georgia Checklist

New residents will interact with several state agencies in their first 30 days in Georgia.

GET STARTED
Municipal General, Special Election, and Runoff

The Secretary of State’s Office organizes and oversees all election activity, including voter registration, municipal, state, county, and federal elections.

SEE 2025 RESULTS

Georgia Surplus Tax Refund

HB 112 allows for a tax refund out of the state's surplus to Georgia filers who qualify. Please allow 6-8 weeks for it to be issued (if you filed your state income tax return by the May 1, 2025, deadline).

Check your eligibility
Remembering Jimmy Carter, 1924-2024

The 39th president of the United States, our 76th governor and a state senator, Jimmy Carter lived a lifetime of visionary service, guided by an abiding faith. The loss of the Plains native is deeply felt here at home and around the world.

Explore Carter’s legacy
Beware of Fake Text Scams: Don't Tap; Don't Reply; Delete It!
Drivers license scam: Fraudsters pretend to be from the Department of Driver Services and often threaten license suspension, fines, or credit score impacts. Read more
Peach Pass scam: The FBI warns of texts attempting to scam toll road users across several states. The texts claim the recipient owes money for unpaid tolls. Read more
Tax or Social Security scam: Texts claim there are issues with your account or benefits, urging you to click a link or provide information to resolve the matter. Read more
Package delivery scam: Messages claim to be from delivery services like USPS or FedEx and ask you to confirm delivery details to receive a pending package. Read more

 

Featured Guides
Assistance and Benefits Programs
Driving, Vehicles, and Licensing
Recreation and Licensing
Starting a Business
All Guides
GEORGIA.GOV
Facebook page for Georgia.gov
X (Twitter) page for Georgia.gov
How can we help?

We are here to connect you to information and answer questions about Georgia state government.

GEORGIA CALL CENTER
1-800-GEORGIA (1-800-436-7442)
CONTACT ONLINE
Send a Message
HOURS
Monday to Friday
08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m.
Eastern Time Zone
State of Georgia
State Organizations
Elected Officials
State Jobs
© Georgia.gov
Accessibility
Privacy/Security
Website powered by GovHub
Human Trafficking Notice
Georgia Web Analytics