Georgia Southern University | Statesboro, Savannah & Hinesville Skip to main content Apply Visit Give MyGS Menu Close About About Overview Leadership, Mission, & Vision News Events Campuses Office Directory Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Overview How to Apply First-Year Students Transfer Graduate Students Adult & Non-traditional Military-Connected and Veteran Students Dual Enrollment International Students Post-Baccalaureate, Former, and Transient Students Tuition and Scholarships Financial Aid Visit Campus Meet the Admissions Team Orientation Academics Academics Overview Degrees Accelerated Bachelor's to Master's Online Programs Career Exploration Colleges University Libraries Academic Advising (CARC) Resources for Student Success Continuing and Professional Education Student Life Student Life Overview Housing Traditions The Eagle Experience Armstrong Campus in Savannah Liberty Campus in Hinesville Statesboro Campus Dining Services Student Union Fraternity & Sorority Life Student Organizations & Activities University Libraries Campus Recreation & Intramurals Counseling Center Research Research Overview Centers and Laboratories Research Impact Areas Innovation and Commercialization Community Impact Information for University Partners Vertically Integrated Projects (VIP) Faculty Support Research Integrity Student Research & Creative Activity Athletics Athletics Website Alumni Alumni Overview MyGS Current Students News Parents & Families Careers Faculty & Staff Apply Visit Give MyGS Search Close Search Popular searches Financial Aid Housing Directory Academic Calendar Admissions Military Students Soar Beyond Elevate Your Future Ready to take flight? Hard work gets you off the ground – but the right resources, opportunities and support help you soar to new heights and see where your talents can enrich the world. Georgia Southern connects you to everything you'll need to go as far as you can imagine, and then further still. Apply Now Soar Beyond From Wherever You Are You don't have to put your life on hold to get a degree from Georgia Southern. Whether you're a professional taking online classes to reach the next level, or an on-campus student coming back to college after a long absence, there's a place for you to discover your passion, chase your goals and reach new heights. Apply Now Soar Beyond Rise To Your Full Potential At Georgia Southern, you'll embark on a journey of self-discovery and personal growth. With our supportive faculty, diverse student body and abundant opportunities, you'll have the chance to explore your passions, challenge yourself and become the best version of you. Apply Now Soar Beyond Launch Your Career Ready to take off? Georgia Southern prepares you for a successful career. Our hands-on academic programs, industry partnerships and career services will equip you with the skills and knowledge you need to succeed in today's competitive job market. Apply Now Soar Beyond Spread Your Wings It doesn't matter if you're a first-year freshman or a doctoral student, Georgia Southern gives you everything it takes to take off. Discover your leadership potential in one of more than 300 student organizations, get real-world skills doing undergraduate research in a state-of-the-art laboratory, or find professors who will mentor you and guide you to success. It's time to spread your wings. Your future starts here. Apply Now Transform Your Future at Georgia Southern. Whether you see yourself in the classroom, the C-suite or the OR, a degree from Georgia Southern takes you places. 1 of 3 An Education that Exceeds Expectations The world is changing, and a Georgia Southern education focuses on what’s next. Internships, industry partnerships and other collaborations ensure you’re prepared to drive future innovation. All Majors and Programs 2 of 3 We Break Barriers Together Success is a team effort here. You’ll build connections with professors in our small classes while flying over any obstacles with help from our vast academic support services. Career Preparation and Experiential Opportunities 3 of 3 A Vibrant Campus Experience Tradition runs deep at Georgia Southern, a university with over a century of history. Explore three campuses, join over 300 student groups or cheer on our 17 NCAA Division I teams. You’ll have plenty of chances to make your own traditions here. Life as an Eagle Tackling Georgia’s Biggest Questions and BEYOND Georgia Southern research influences the industries that drive our region and protects the natural resources and coastlines so vital to our future. With a focus on manufacturing, innovation, fitness, supply chains and the environment, our faculty put their expertise to work for everybody, every day. Our Research Logistics Which Georgia companies will innovate global supply chains? Savannah is home to the nation’s fourth-largest container port. Through our Savannah Logistics Innovation Center (SLIC) and our partnership with Silicon Valley venture capital firm Plug and Play, made-in-Georgia advances find worldwide application. Functional Fitness How can public safety officials perform their best, mentally and physically? Staying physically fit demands regular exercise, and so does mental fitness. Experts from our Tactical Athlete Readiness and Preparedness Program (TARP) worked closely with state officials to help police cadets focus on all-around wellness and avoid injury. Coastal Ecosystems How are oyster beds and climate change connected? Our project to restore oyster beds along Savannah waterways preserves a vital ecosystem while keeping carbon out of the atmosphere to help counteract climate change. Advanced Manufacturing How will next-generation materials improve our world? Researchers at our new Center for Advanced Materials Science are sparking innovation in renewable energy, health care, computing and countless other fields. Vibrant Communities How can we inspire more youth to teach? Our “Teacher for a Day” program, a collaboration with a local elementary school and the organization 100 Black Men of Savannah, introduced underserved students to the doors a college education can open, as well as the opportunities a teaching career makes possible. Sustainable Fuels Sustainable Fuels The collaborative efforts of our faculty researchers join with corporate partners are driving innovations in sustainable fuel technologies to find real solutions to the complex problems of sustainable fuel sources and pave the way for a cleaner energy future. Integrated Community Health How can we improve community health for a better tomorrow? At Georgia Southern University, our researchers and community partners are transforming health outcomes through innovative initiatives that integrate research, collaboration, and practice to improve lives locally and globally. Eagle Stories As Eagles, we lift each other up to surge past preconceived boundaries. Leaving your comfort zone behind means unlocking a new realm of possibility — internships that become full-time jobs, lifelong friendships and research with a rippling effect across society. See how Eagles soar — and all the places they go. Jordan Moreno, ’24 B.S.Ed. in Elementary Education and Teaching I’ve always wanted to change the game in education. As far as I can remember, I’ve wanted to be a teacher. It’s really the only career for me. It ticks all the boxes, and I’m able to impact my future students so they can impact the world. Jordan Moreno, ’24 B.S.Ed. in Elementary Education and Teaching Read Jordan's Story Michiel Soeting ’84 Chairman of the Audit Committee at Veon It was a great opportunity. If you’re from a relatively small country, to be able to study in the United States and to get to know a different culture broadens your horizons. If I step back, those were very formative years. If you’re young and you’re in a different environment, clearly it has quite an impact on you going forward. Michiel Soeting ’84 Former Global Lead Partner at KPMG Read Michiel's Story Hannah Bryan (NoisyButters), ’18 YouTube Influencer with 1.25M Subscribers Attending Georgia Southern is one of the best things I have done for my career. I can’t stress how often I use the knowledge from my classes in my professional career. I learned how to edit videos. I learned how to edit pictures, make thumbnails — everything you see on my YouTube channel. Everything!” Hannah Bryan, ’18 YouTube Influencer with 1.25M Subscribers Mackenzie Anderson, ’07 Director of Global Purpose Communications and Engagement at Nike The foundation that Georgia Southern provided me has carried throughout my career. As communicators, we were taught the immense power words have to motivate and mobilize people to help shape a better world. At our core, we have to understand the relationship between the people we’re trying to reach and the brand we’re representing to build trust and belief. My professors instilled in me a global mindset that was rooted in recognizing and highlighting diversity. Mackenzie Anderson ’07 Director of Global Purpose Communications and Engagement at Nike Read Mackenzie's Story Lt. Gen. Leslie C. Smith, USA, Ret. ‘85 66th Inspector General of the U.S. Army If you help somebody else, you think you’re helping them but you’re really helping yourself. You’re not only helping yourself, but you’re helping your family and all those other people who come behind you — because investment in others is how you move forward. Lt. Gen. Leslie C. Smith, USA, Ret. ‘85 66th Inspector General of the U.S. Army Read Lt. Gen. Smith's Story Dalmyra Price Caesar, ’95 Director for White House Personnel The activities I was involved with while a student at Georgia Southern prepared me for not just the White House, but for every role that I’ve had since graduating. Georgia Southern helped me hone my leadership skills. Dalmyra Price Caesar, ’95 Director for White House Personnel Read Dalmyra's Story Our Commitment to Affordability The average Georgia Southern undergraduate earns over $78,000 a year after graduation. We help you tap into those opportunities with generous financial aid that makes our already-low tuition even more affordable. Tuition and Scholarships # Most Affordable College in Georgia Want an affordable education? College Affordability Guide ranked us second most affordable in Georgia % First-year Students Received Financial Aid At Georgia Southern, your financial aid dollars go a long way. Just ask the majority of our first-year students! States Get In-State Tuition, Out-of-State Experience Residents of AL, FL, NC, SC, and TN can receive in-state tuition at all three of our campuses How Will You Take Flight? Eagles rise together but often with different destinations in mind — from starting or completing a bachelor’s degree to building their credentials or planning for the next life stage. First-Year Students You’re up for anything, and you’ll find it at Georgia Southern — new passions, big games and late nights with close friends. Find the experience you live for. Learn More: First-Year Admissions Student Organizations Study Abroad Programs Adult and Online Students You’ve spent a lifetime helping others around you. Now, it’s your turn. Online, part-time and evening classes mean you can balance work and family responsibilities with the degree you’ve always wanted. Learn More: Adult and Online Admissions Online Learning at Georgia Southern Credit for Prior Learning Graduate Students You’ve got big expectations for your career, and you’re willing to put in the hard work to make them happen. Our graduate students get the support they need to achieve their dreams. Learn More: Graduate Admissions Career and Professional Development Research Areas Military-Affiliated Students Georgia Southern knows how much you’ve sacrificed, whether you’ve served, are on active duty or are in a military-affiliated family. We welcome you to start the next step of your journey. Learn More: Military and Veterans Military & Veteran Services Using Your VA Benefits Transfer Students Everything you do today is a building block to reach your ultimate goal. Transfer students turn to us for access to deep academics and valuable leadership opportunities that open doors. Learn More: Transfer Admissions Career Exploration Southern Leaders International Students International students are bold, curious and never shy from new experiences — which makes them fantastic fits with Georgia Southern culture. Learn More: International Admissions Community Service and Volunteering Community Impact Explore Our Locations There’s no limit to where you can earn a Georgia Southern degree: Make your move on any of our three traditional campuses, through our Army Education Centers or online. You can even spend a semester abroad on our Ireland campus. Plan Your Visit Statesboro Savannah Hinesville Ireland Army Education Centers Online Your Moment Starts Here You’re eyeing your goal — your dreams and all you’ll accomplish along the way. Georgia Southern not only gives you the platform to reach for it but helps you build momentum to break through and soar beyond. Contact Us Request Information Schedule a Visit Start Your Application Statesboro Campus 1332 Southern Drive Statesboro, GA 30458 912-478-4636 Armstrong Campus 11935 Abercorn Street Savannah, GA 31419 912-478-4636 Liberty Campus 175 West Memorial Drive Hinesville, GA 31313 912-478-4636 Contact Us News Events Maps Parking & Transportation Faculty & Staff Directory A-Z Site Directory Bookstore Course Catalog Academic Calendar Career Opportunities Public Safety Equal Opportunity & Title IX University System of Georgia Accreditation Ethics Hotline Open Records Privacy Human Trafficking Notice Back to Top ©
      2024 Georgia Southern University