Top Attractions and Insider Tips for your Holiday 
			- Germany Travel Germany: The perfect destination with beautiful nature and cultural attractions for every taste Privacy settings Here you will find an overview of the types of cookies used on the website. You can set your consent for each category individually. Further information can be found in the privacy policy . Essential Cookies For the use of the website with all functions (e.g. user settings, watch lists, etc.) Statistics Statistics Cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website. Marketing In order to provide you with the best possible offer in cooperation with our partners, we use marketing tools. For example, in order to use our chatbot, you must activate this setting. External contents Required for viewing external media and third-party content. The provider may set cookies for its part. The respective data protection regulations of the provider apply. Save settings Accept all Go to page content Home About us Newsroom Trade Newsletter Easy language Open Chatbot English English Deutsch Français Español Menu Map Search Search at germany.travel All results Menu English English Deutsch Français Español Home Inspiring Germany Cities & Culture Nature & Outdoor Activities Royal Palaces & Castles Experience & Enjoy Current highlights Sustainable travel Barrier-free travel Easy language Federal states Newsroom Trade About us Wernigerode: View at Wernigerode Castle between the trees ©DZT  (Francesco Carovillano) Read our latest articles here Inspiring Germany Cities & Culture Nature & Outdoor Activities Royal Palaces & Castles Experience & Enjoy Inspiring Germany Inspiring Germany Cities & Culture Nature & Outdoor Activities Royal Palaces & Castles Experience & Enjoy Travel companion Emma generated by an AI ©DZT (Flovision ) Hello, I'm Emma, an AI travel companion! To the article Music Festival ©Lookphotos (age fotostock ) Techno – so much more than just electronic music To the article Futuro Haus in front of the Pinakothek der Moderne in the Kunstareal in Munich ©DZT (Dagmar Schwelle) Architectural eras and their buildings: a particular type of time travel To the article Viewing platform over the Weser valley at sunset ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) Holiday in Germany at your own pace To the article Frankfurt: Feelgood 2023 ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Making tracks: 12 must-see city destinations To the article Bremm: Moselle loop in the Calmont region on a summery day ©Adobe Stock (mije shots) Moselle valley: castles, wine and charming little towns To the article Lieser Castle ©Schloss Lieser - Autograph Collection (Julian Huke) 6 overnight stays in palaces, monasteries and castles: sleep like a king To the article Cochem: Aerial view of the Reichsburg Cochem on the Moselle river ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) 11 impressive castle hiking adventures To the article Travel companion Emma generated by an AI ©DZT (Flovision ) Hello, I'm Emma, an AI travel companion! To the article Music Festival ©Lookphotos (age fotostock ) Techno – so much more than just electronic music To the article Futuro Haus in front of the Pinakothek der Moderne in the Kunstareal in Munich ©DZT (Dagmar Schwelle) Architectural eras and their buildings: a particular type of time travel To the article Viewing platform over the Weser valley at sunset ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) Holiday in Germany at your own pace To the article Frankfurt: Feelgood 2023 ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Making tracks: 12 must-see city destinations To the article Bremm: Moselle loop in the Calmont region on a summery day ©Adobe Stock (mije shots) Moselle valley: castles, wine and charming little towns To the article Lieser Castle ©Schloss Lieser - Autograph Collection (Julian Huke) 6 overnight stays in palaces, monasteries and castles: sleep like a king To the article Cochem: Aerial view of the Reichsburg Cochem on the Moselle river ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) 11 impressive castle hiking adventures To the article More about Inspiring Germany UNESCO World Heritage Site Völklingen Ironworks ©Lookphotos (Günther Bayerl) Outstanding museums with the highest praise To the article Freiburg im Breisgau: Fischerau Street in the Old Town ©Lookphotos (Daniel Schoenen Fotografie) University Cities: Youthful Vibes and Colorful Atmosphere To the article Chemnitz: Opera at dusk ©Chemnitzer Wirtschaftsförderungs- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (CWE) (Wolfgang Thieme) Capitals of Culture: a grand entrance on the European stage To the article Zwickau: August Horch Museum in the buildings of the first Audi factory AG ©Kultour Z.GmbH (mattrose.de) Hotspots of automobile history To the article Dresden: Frauenkirche at sunset ©mediaserver.dresden.de (Tomy Heyduck (DML-BY)) Baroque Cities: Travel back in time to the 17th and 18th centuries To the article Dessau : Bauhaus Meisterhaus par l'architecte Walter Gropius ©DZT (Julia Nimke) Bauhaus: follow in the footsteps of this world-famous art school To the article Munich: Allianz Arena, sheep in foreground ©DZT (Jörg Lutz Fotodesign) Football hotspots: cities with an extra kick To the overview Berlin: Government district, Spree, Reichstag, Paul-Löbe-Haus, centre ©visitBerlin (Dagmar Schwelle) A 48-hour trip is full of possibilities To the article UNESCO World Heritage Site Völklingen Ironworks ©Lookphotos (Günther Bayerl) Outstanding museums with the highest praise To the article Freiburg im Breisgau: Fischerau Street in the Old Town ©Lookphotos (Daniel Schoenen Fotografie) University Cities: Youthful Vibes and Colorful Atmosphere To the article Chemnitz: Opera at dusk ©Chemnitzer Wirtschaftsförderungs- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (CWE) (Wolfgang Thieme) Capitals of Culture: a grand entrance on the European stage To the article Zwickau: August Horch Museum in the buildings of the first Audi factory AG ©Kultour Z.GmbH (mattrose.de) Hotspots of automobile history To the article Dresden: Frauenkirche at sunset ©mediaserver.dresden.de (Tomy Heyduck (DML-BY)) Baroque Cities: Travel back in time to the 17th and 18th centuries To the article Dessau : Bauhaus Meisterhaus par l'architecte Walter Gropius ©DZT (Julia Nimke) Bauhaus: follow in the footsteps of this world-famous art school To the article Munich: Allianz Arena, sheep in foreground ©DZT (Jörg Lutz Fotodesign) Football hotspots: cities with an extra kick To the overview Berlin: Government district, Spree, Reichstag, Paul-Löbe-Haus, centre ©visitBerlin (Dagmar Schwelle) A 48-hour trip is full of possibilities To the article More about Cities & Culture Elmau Castle ©DZT (Jens Wegener) The Alps: wanders; wonders; world culture To the overview Harz: Person goes white-water kayaking on the river Oker ©DZT (Michael Neumann) Action and adrenalin: tours for adventurers To the article Seebach: Hiking group with a wheelchair user and a man with a prosthetic leg on the Black Forest High Road ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Experience nature and national parks as completely accessible To the article Hechingen: Man gazes at Hohenzollern Castle ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Pilgrimage: slow down, meditate, reflect To the article Chiemsee: View of Fraueninsel and Frauenwörth Abbey in front of the Chiemgau Alps ©DZT  (Francesco Carovillano) Along the magic of peaceful lakes and wild river landscapes! To the article Harburg: Harburg Castle along the Romantic Road ©Romantische Straße GbR (Thomas Linkel) Romantic or Fairytale: German Holiday Routes To the article Squirrel sitting on a branch ©AdobeStock (Julia) The World of German Animals: More than Fox and Deer To the article Wernigerode: Starry night in the Harz Mountains, the Milky Way and meteor showers. ©gettyimages (Krzysztof Baranowski) Top spots for astronomy fans: starry skies To the article Elmau Castle ©DZT (Jens Wegener) The Alps: wanders; wonders; world culture To the overview Harz: Person goes white-water kayaking on the river Oker ©DZT (Michael Neumann) Action and adrenalin: tours for adventurers To the article Seebach: Hiking group with a wheelchair user and a man with a prosthetic leg on the Black Forest High Road ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Experience nature and national parks as completely accessible To the article Hechingen: Man gazes at Hohenzollern Castle ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Pilgrimage: slow down, meditate, reflect To the article Chiemsee: View of Fraueninsel and Frauenwörth Abbey in front of the Chiemgau Alps ©DZT  (Francesco Carovillano) Along the magic of peaceful lakes and wild river landscapes! To the article Harburg: Harburg Castle along the Romantic Road ©Romantische Straße GbR (Thomas Linkel) Romantic or Fairytale: German Holiday Routes To the article Squirrel sitting on a branch ©AdobeStock (Julia) The World of German Animals: More than Fox and Deer To the article Wernigerode: Starry night in the Harz Mountains, the Milky Way and meteor showers. ©gettyimages (Krzysztof Baranowski) Top spots for astronomy fans: starry skies To the article More about Nature & Outdoor Activities Moritzburg Palace ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Castles and Palaces: Fairytale Film Settings To the article Palace Brühl ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) 16 highlights in Germany To the article Cochem: Reichsburg Cochem ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) From medieval banquets to the Song of the Nibelungs To the article Dresden: Zwinger, rampart pavilion in the evening ©Lookphotos (Wolfgang Ehn) A journey back in time to the Baroque era To the article Bisingen: Hohenzollern castle ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) Top tips for special holiday experiences To the article Potsdam: Schloss Cecilienhof im Herbst ©SPSG/PMSG (André Stiebitz) Where world history was written To the article Glücksburg: The residential palace Glücksburg is one of the most important castle complexes in Northern Europe ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Dine and sleep in regal style To the article Moritzburg Palace ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Castles and Palaces: Fairytale Film Settings To the article Palace Brühl ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) 16 highlights in Germany To the article Cochem: Reichsburg Cochem ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) From medieval banquets to the Song of the Nibelungs To the article Dresden: Zwinger, rampart pavilion in the evening ©Lookphotos (Wolfgang Ehn) A journey back in time to the Baroque era To the article Bisingen: Hohenzollern castle ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) Top tips for special holiday experiences To the article Potsdam: Schloss Cecilienhof im Herbst ©SPSG/PMSG (André Stiebitz) Where world history was written To the article Glücksburg: The residential palace Glücksburg is one of the most important castle complexes in Northern Europe ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Dine and sleep in regal style To the article More about Royal Palaces & Castles Maikammer: Couple with wheelchair have a picnic in the wine region of Maikammer, Southern Wine Route ©DZT (Jens Wegener) This is the taste of Germany! To the overview Vogtsburg: Woman and man with prosthetic legs drink wine in front of a vineyard in the Upper Black Forest ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Wine experiences from the Ahr to Württemberg To the overview Bavaria: Snacks and drinks in the beer garden ©Getty images (kzenon) Craft beer: hop heroes everywhere! To the overview Uckermark: Woman balances on a tree trunk in the beech forest in Grumsin ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Spa and healing forests: bathing in nature To the article White wine is poured with green grapes in the background ©Ievgenii Meyer (Adobe Stock) Germany has a (wine) queen! To the overview Goehren: Woman practices yoga on the beach ©DZT (Christoph Jorda) An A to Z of health and wellness To the article Sellin: Seebrücke am Baltischen Meer ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Health spas and health resorts - a little time out To the overview Moselle wine region – Moselle loop near Bremm ©Deutsches Weininstitut GmbH (DWI) Wine Hikes: 5 Regions for Connoisseurs To the article Maikammer: Couple with wheelchair have a picnic in the wine region of Maikammer, Southern Wine Route ©DZT (Jens Wegener) This is the taste of Germany! To the overview Vogtsburg: Woman and man with prosthetic legs drink wine in front of a vineyard in the Upper Black Forest ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Wine experiences from the Ahr to Württemberg To the overview Bavaria: Snacks and drinks in the beer garden ©Getty images (kzenon) Craft beer: hop heroes everywhere! To the overview Uckermark: Woman balances on a tree trunk in the beech forest in Grumsin ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Spa and healing forests: bathing in nature To the article White wine is poured with green grapes in the background ©Ievgenii Meyer (Adobe Stock) Germany has a (wine) queen! To the overview Goehren: Woman practices yoga on the beach ©DZT (Christoph Jorda) An A to Z of health and wellness To the article Sellin: Seebrücke am Baltischen Meer ©DZT (Francesco Carovillano) Health spas and health resorts - a little time out To the overview Moselle wine region – Moselle loop near Bremm ©Deutsches Weininstitut GmbH (DWI) Wine Hikes: 5 Regions for Connoisseurs To the article More about Experience & Enjoy Current highlights Discover German Originality Simply FEEL GOOD Embrace German Nature EN: Slider Cultureland 1600x900px ©DZT (Dagmar Schwelle) ©DZT (Dagmar Schwelle) Cultureland Germany EN: Slider 1600x900 Microsite Märchenstraße ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) ©DZT (Florian Trykowski) 50 years Germany Fairytale Route EN: Slider germany.travel 1600x900px ©DZT (Gert Mothes) ©DZT (Gert Mothes) 275th anniversary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach Atmospheric evening in front of the Chemnitz Stadthalle ©Chemnitz 2025 gGmbH (Ernesto Uhlmann) ©Chemnitz 2025 gGmbH (Ernesto Uhlmann) Chemnitz: European Capital of Culture 2025 Journey of discovery by train New generation Railjet ©ÖBB (Harald Eisenberger) Travel from Austria to Germany with ÖBB To the overview ©Deutsche Bahn (Astrid Grosser) Travel from Switzerland to Germany with SBB! To the overview ©Eric Pothier From France to Germany at high speed To the overview Nuremberg: Couple gets out of the ICE ©DZT (Jens Wegener) Traveling by train in Germany Learn more about the partner Barrier-free Barrier-free travel Experience Germany barrier-free Learn more All four seasons enchant in their own way The sun is warming the air, the days are getting longer, everywhere things are budding and blossoming: it's spring in Germany - time for getaways, blossom festivals, asparagus feasting and popular Easter traditions. Spring in Germany Summer At Last: Beer Gardens, Swimming Fun, Strawberry Ice Cream Summer Pleasures in Germany Golden sunshine, colourful forests: the Indian summer can also be found in Germany. An ideal time for active holidaymakers and wellness fans. And for epicures, since this is harvest time. Autumn Holidays in Germany Winter is the favourite season for any romantic. Outside, snowed-in forests and frozen lakes beckon. Inside, it feels cosy with baked goods, mulled wine and candlelight. Germany in Winter Follow us on Instagram @germanytourism ©el.gozo © Start with a visit to the impressive Halle Cathedral, then stroll on to the historic Market Church and end the trip with a detour to the picturesque Handel House. If you need something sweet, visit the oldest chocolate factory in Germany. #visitgermany #echtschoensachsenanhalt ©niklas.birk © Discover the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Bamberg. This city delights with its well-preserved old town, the magnificent Bamberg Cathedral, the picturesque Old Town Hall and the imposing Altenburg Castle. #visitbavaria ©grexpix © This lighthouse in the far north has been in service for over 100 years. Today, the adjacent houses are home to the Wadden Sea Protection Station. The perfect starting point to experience the UNESCO World Heritage Site and Germany's largest national park. #visitSchleswigHolstein ©kiezgorilla_hh © With its harbor, maritime flair and cultural diversity, Hamburg offers many reasons to visit. Whether for one of the numerous musicals, for a classical concert in the Elbphilharmonie. #visithamburg #hamburgahoi ©lerichti + vdurango © The Museum Folkwang is one of the most important art museums in Germany. Here you will find outstanding collections of 19th century German and French painting and sculpture, as well as 20th century art movements. #visitNRW #deinNRW ©blickfang_momente © The Baltic seaside resort of Warnemünde with its long white sandy beach is an excellent excursion destination. Stroll along the picturesque beach promenade and explore the Alter Strom with its colorful fishermen's houses. The beach and promenade are barrier-free. #aufnachMV #Mvorfreude Discover Germany Skip interactive map (Not accessible) Filter by categories Thank you! You're almost there You will shortly be receiving an email to confirm your subscription. Please remember to click on the verification link so we can authenticate your email address. We look forward to sending you all the latest news and information about Germany. close Thank you! You have clicked on the confirmation link. Your registration is now complete. You will now begin to receive our newsletter. close UNSUBSCRIBE FROM THE NEWSLETTER We're sorry to see you go... You have been unsubscribed from the Destination Germany newsletter. Feel free to continue using our digital channels. We hope to see you again soon! close Thank you! Your participation has been confirmed. close Stay informed. Our newsletter. Subscribe to newsletter Find us on Cities & Culture Towns & cities Museums Magic Cities Historic Highlights of Germany Hanseatic Cities Nature & Outdoor Activities Natural landscapes and islands Germany's islands Scenic routes Cycling Hiking Castles & Palaces 16 highlights in Germany Top tips for special holiday experiences Dine and sleep in regal style Where world history was written A journey back in time to the Baroque era From medieval banquets to the Song of the Nibelungs Castles and palaces Experience & Enjoy Amusement parks Wine-growing regions Health spas Accessibility Statement Cookies Data protection Legal notice © German National Tourist Board (GNTB)