Gerry's Information Technology × Toggle navigation Company Introduction About Us Group Introduction Leadership Director Executives Our Core Team Alliances Partners Clientele Solutions Internet Services Enterprise Solution Gerry's Avaya Media Center Newsroom Careers Why GIT What we do Current Openings Contact Contact Us Internet Bandwidth Low latency, business-grade connections. Professional-grade internet access. Delivering the promise of fast access. Enterprise Solution Groups High Performance IT Solutions. Personal & mobile computing solutions. offering low-cost solutions. The Power of We Team Engagement Solutions. Customer Engagement Solutions. Cloud. Networking and much more.. About US Gerry’s Information Technology (Pvt.) Ltd. is a true example
									of a company that has deep understanding of its customers needs. We are always adapting
									to the ever-changing demands of today’s world and our continuous innovation has
									expanded our reach around the globe. It is an integral and vital part of Gerry’s
										Group commenced its operations in March 1998 and since then has never looked
									back. Exceeding the expectations of the most, Gerry’s Information Technology within itself has become a self-sustainable operation catering the requirements
									of the corporate world of today by serving every I.T. need of the industry. Read more Solutions That Accelerate Business Performance Gerry's Information Technology is a hands-on solutions partner that brings together the right people, industry best practices, and comprehensive network and IT services to accelerate your business. Info Info Info 25 Years of Experience 200 Satisfied Clients 150 Case Study 05 Offices Latest News & Updates GIT Celebrates Earth Day with purpose! April, 2024 Continue reading GIT collaborates with MasterCard April, 2024 Continue reading Team GIT achieves H3C Certification March, 2024 Continue reading Career Fair at Sir Syed University March, 2024 Continue reading Experts Solving Business Challenges Our certified experts can help you solve your business challenges with unique and tailored solutions. Just ask. About us Gerry’s Information Technology is a true example of a company that has deep understanding of its customers needs. Follow us : Solutions Internet Enterprise Gerry's Avaya Contact Gerry's Information Technology (Pvt.)Ltd. 3rd Floor, Central Hotel Building, Mereweather Road, Karachi, PK. UAN: 111-123-321 Go to contact page Tweets by git_designer Copyright © 1998-2021 Gerry's Information Technology. All Rights Reserved.