Angler AI Free Trial Try our Predictive CAPI for 30 days and see the results for yourself! How It Works Solutions Products Why Angler AI? Case Studies Plans Blog Docs Log In Log In Book a Demo Supercharge Your Growth Marketing with Predictive AI Our customers improve their acquisition marketing performance by 32 % with our Predictive Conversions API Start Free Trial Book a Demo $200 M+ Media Optimized < 10 min Zero Code Setup Trusted by Innovative Brands and Agencies Introducing the World's First Predictive Conversions API Apple's privacy changes since 2020 have left brands without a reliable data loop for their Meta, Google, and TikTok spend. If you're still using basic pixels or Conversion APIs (CAPIs) you're leaving money on the table. Your Data + AI: Past, Present, and Future Ad auctions need conversion events with rich context in order to hone in on your ideal customers. Our Predictive CAPI enriches your data with a complete profile of each visitor action, including identity and predicted outcomes, to boost ad auction performance. Optimize the Auction to Your Business Outcomes Ready to scale beyond in-market purchase optimization? With Angler, you can configure our AI-powered CAPI to deliver events that help: Target the movable middle Drive high-intent lead generation Acquire high LTV customers Scale Prospecting Campaigns Profitably with Predictive Audiences Our AI-powered audiences enable you to reach new high-intent, high-value consumers that convert better and stick around longer. With a few clicks, you can create audiences customized to your brand and distribute them to ad platforms for use in campaigns. Consumer Graph with Millions of Commerce and Interest Signals Our AI learns from your existing customer base and Angler's dataset with 4000+ purchase, demographic, and interest attributes, pinpointing the ideal prospects for your campaigns. Customized Audience Objectives Optimize your predictive audience for lowest CAC, highest AOV, or highest LTV, and even fine tune it to focus on particular product categories or seasonal promotions. Your First-Party Data + Angler = Growth Unlocked Angler unlocks ad performance on Meta, Google, and TikTok by transforming your raw data into predictions that power ad platform algorithms. Identify We create a 360° profile of every visitor by matching them to our online & offline graph of 4,000+ attributes. Predict For each prospect or visitor, our neural network AI predicts conversion likelihood, LTV, and best category/offer recommendation. Enrich We send our predictions to ad platforms as conversions or audiences, enriched with identifiers for superior matching to the destination user base. Customer Testimonials Angler has been a fantastic partner since we began working together. Their diligence and attention to detail, combined with their modeling capabilities, has made them a valuable extension of our Performance Marketing team. It's extremely difficult to find Data Science experts that truly think like marketers - that's what makes the Angler team unique. Robbie Giles VP, Performance and Lifecycle Marketing The marketing algorithms are unchained beasts. Powerful, but also capable of running amuck. Angler helps train the algorithms by providing blinders to reduce noise, or providing bait to drive brand objectives. Roshan Verma Senior Vice President, Digital At P3, we believe in data driven advertising and have built our entire revenue practice around the importance and value of good data. With ever changing platform limitations in digital advertising, it has become more critical to have a more complete data loop. We had been using paid CAPI solutions from another provider, but after running side-by-side comparisons with Angler’s predictive CAPI across multiple accounts, we saw double-digit ROAS improvements. Angler clearly tapped into high-value audience segments that we couldn’t reach before. We're now rolling out Angler across our entire portfolio as our new best practice. Aanarav Sareen Founder & Chief Executive Officer Angler AI's predictive CAPI has dramatically outperformed in Meta Ads reported new customer acquisition costs (CAC) in Bartesian summer campaigns. We’re eager to see if these results can persist into the critical Q4 timeframe, across additional channels, and with additional measurement frameworks. Jason Katz Founder & Principal, Growth Marketing Advisors Leveraging Angler's predictive Conversions API that identified high value leads was a game changer for Yardzen's lead generation efforts across Meta technologies. It allows us to massively increase our scale while also focusing on improving lead quality. We’ve had an exceptional experience working with Angler AI. They came highly recommended from a trusted marketing colleague, and from the beginning, they have not only been kind and incredibly helpful, but their solution actually works! Kendra Poppy Head of Marketing Our marketing and data science teams have partnered with Angler AI since June 2022. Their AI-driven approach, combined with our data and expertise, has not only helped us reach new customers more effectively but also improved our acquisition costs for some cohorts by 20%. Their pixel has proven successful, allowing us to identify 15-20% more orders that were previously going unattributed, providing us with new levels of visibility. We’re starting to see strong results in customer retention, with some cohorts achieving higher repeat purchase and retention rates—approximately 7% better than earlier cohorts. With predictive LTV on the horizon, we’re excited about how it will help us serve our customers even better while also enhancing customer acquisition and LTV. Tiffany Cooley Executive & Chief Marketing Officer Leveraging Angler with our clients has been a game changer for performance. It allows us to massively increase our scale while also focusing on improving conversion quality. Maurice Rahmey Founder & Chief Executive Officer Angler AI's predictive CAPI dramatically reduced our CAC and significantly boosted our ROAS during the pilot, consistently outperforming our previous setup. After fully integrating Angler, we've continued to optimize our ad spend on Meta and TikTok, resulting in a noticeable decrease in blended CAC while increasing daily spend across our US and UK stores. Michael Malinsky Founder & Chief Executive Officer Partnering with Angler AI has been transformative for our marketing strategy. Their predictive CAPI and advanced measurement tools significantly improved our new customer acquisition efforts, leading to a 33% increase in new customer marketing efficiency ratio and a 21% reduction in blended customer acquisition costs, all while maintaining higher spend levels. Sam Pick Director of E-commerce Angler AI and their team have been instrumental in helping us reduce our acquisition costs on Meta ads. As the CTO at Outer with a headless Shopify setup, integrating Angler's predictive ad performance AI was seamless. Reeto and the entire Angler team were hands-on throughout the proof of concept phase and every step of the way. The results they helped us achieve with our performance marketing efforts are impressive: we saw a 64-72% reduction in Cost per Order and a 52% decrease in cost per add-to-cart. We look forward to expanding Angler into other channels as well as with our lead acquisition efforts. Robin Liao Chief Technology Officer Angler's predictive CAPI has transformed our client's customer acquisition strategy by helping us attract high-quality, future 'whales' who drive long-term value. With the right CRM strategy, we've then unlocked the full potential of LTV, creating a new playbook for profitable growth in performance marketing. Josh Aven Chief Executive Officer and Founder Since implementing Angler AI’s server-side integration in January 2024, we've seen immediate improvements in both Facebook platform metrics and Northbeam. The technology delivers as promised, and the team has been great to work with. David Segal Co-founder As Meta third party data diminishes, the need for owned audiences in targeting new customers has been rising. Facebook interest-based and lookalike audiences have become less effective over time. Angler AI combines robust data into generating custom audiences of people who are most likely to become your brand’s highest LTV customers. This has made our targeting efforts more efficient with a reduction in CAC and an incremental lift in performance. We are rolling this out as a new best practice for our clients at Avenue Z/The Snow Agency. Jonathan Snow Co-Founder & Chief Operating Officer We began working with Angler in August 2024 to improve our paid social results. Their predictive software made an immediate impact on our business and our ROAS on Meta improved by over 30%, which has allowed us to acquire new customers in a much more efficient way. Alan Avitan Chief Operating Officer Angler’s AI system of optimizing our media spend coupled with their deep portfolio of customer insights leveled-up 1440’s unit economics tremendously with tangible, highly profitable outcomes. Partnering with Angler is as no-brainer as it gets. Tim Huelskamp Founder & Chief Executive Officer Angler AI has provided the easiest, most effective path to success in the DTC space. Their predictive C-API immediately cut our CAC in half and improved our LTV by high double digits, allowing us to profitably scale ad spend, resulting in increased revenue, traffic, and reach. Extremely happy with the solution and the team. Dallin Wengreen Director of DTC We've been using Angler for the better part of a year and couldn't be happier. Angler provides Succulent Studios with audiences that perform allowing us to scale our business while at the same time reducing CAC 41% and increased ROI by 192%. No joke - Angler is the only marketing platform that works. Andrew Moeck Chief Technology Officer & Product Designer Like most stores CAC is a major challenge. I was excited to try Angler as a solution to lowering my CAC and find me the customers that would become repeat buyers. After more than 6 months of working with Angler I am excited by the results. I would A/B test the Angler audience against Meta audiences and Meta enhancements, and each time the ad with the Angler audience always won. The support I receive is amazing. Highly recommend adding Angler as your next step to more efficient ad buys, especially with the volatility around the Meta performance. Hilary Maitland Co-founder & Chief Marketing Officer We've seen a drastic increase in ROAS and a decrease in CPA on our paid platforms. Very pleased with the team, the software, & the results! Paul Brandlin Chief Marketing Officer Angler AI's suite of offerings helps Caddis prioritize our marketing spend towards high potential LTV prospects, ultimately allowing our brand to achieve CAC to LTV goals by attracting the right prospects from the outset. Angler AI makes us smarter about our business. Erin Silvia Director of Marketing and Customer Acquisition Angler is helping us navigate our performance marketing challenges better than any other audience solution out there. After trying other, well known data partners and not seeing notable impact, we found success with Angler using their predictive audiences. When compared to a competitor, we saw a 90% increase in Marketing Efficiency Ratio, as reported by NorthBeam. Chad Jernigan Co-Founder Tangible Results – Delivered Our AI Delivers Consistent and Repeatable Value We've proven ROI in 130+ A/B tests across a variety of use cases: Verticals: Apparel, Beauty, Home Furnishings, Online Subscription,  Health & Wellness, Pet Supplies, Media, Newsletters, and more CAC ranges: $15-$300+ Buying cycle lengths: impulse - 4+ weeks Purchase ROAS 37% 3-Month LTV 20% New CAC 26% Lead CVR 55% AI Integrations to platforms That Visualize your ideas Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectet Quis orci in tortor faucibus vitae justo arcu Urna viverra sit ullamcorper nulla elit. Unlock Growth with Angler AI Start optimizing paid media budgets with predictive AI and robust analytics to train walled gardens and reach your highest-value customers. Start Free Trial Book a Demo Stay in the Know Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news, articles, case studies, and resources. Email Address Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Product Case Studies Pricing Blog Docs Company Why Angler AI? Terms of Service Privacy Policy Data Protection Addendum Contact Book a Demo FAQ contact@getangler.ai System Status Support ©️ 2024 Angler AI Inc. All Rights Reserved. By clicking "Accept" , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Reject Accept Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essentials Always active Necessary for the site to function. Always On. Marketing Used for targeted advertising. Personalization Remembers your preferences and provides enhanced features. Analytics Measures usage and improves your experience. Reject All Accept All Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Preferences