PRODUCTS
RESOURCES
PRICING
BLOG
WHAT'S NEW
1
GET A DEMO
START FOR FREE
LOGIN
A modern changelog for today's best-in-SaaS

Inform and educate your customers with two-way communication that allows you to learn what customers love–and what they need.


Why Beamer's customer communication platform?

Launching products but it's crickets out there? Get ahead of disengaged or inactive users with Beamer.

Amplify Reach

Keep customers in the know and reach users where they are. Supercharge changelog posts with in-app notifications, banners and more.

Increase engagement

Make engaging with your product easy and non-instrusive. From your changelog to your NPS survey—everything just feels like part of the app experience.

Boost adoption

Skip the generic email blasts and opt for segmented, targeted messages instead. Entice adoption by showing you know users' specific needs.

Improve satisfaction

Empower customers to share ideas and inform your product development cycle. Boost the value of your product with user-driven changes.

Loved by 20,000+ product and marketing teams.
Slide 2 of 3.

CHANGELOG

Improve customer confidence in your product.

Use Changelog to show off your product updates, fixes, and overall velocity. Maximize engagement with targeted notifications, comment and reaction capabilities, and more.

Learn about Changelog
“Before Beamer, our product update emails were getting below 50% open rates and adoption of our new features was low. Using Beamer to replace email, we immediately saw 30% higher adoption with 50% less effort! ”

Paolo Sabatinelli

Chief Product Officer at Immobiliare.it

IN-APP NOTIFICATIONS

Reach more customers—with the right messages

When it comes to in-app messaging, one size doesn't fit all. Find an array of options—from subtle, unobtrusive tooltips to eye-catching banners—to nudge desired behaviors and boost engagement 3x.

Learn about notifications
POV: You're a Beamer customer

520%

Return on investment (ROI)

3x

Improvement in user engagement

40%

Reduction in customer churn

NPS SURVEY

Keep a pulse on customer satisfaction

If your customers are quiet, it's hard to know if they're happy. With a no-code NPS survey built right into your app, it's easy to collect regular, actionable feedback and identify trends you can quickly act on.

Learn about NPS
“We use Beamer for every single marketing and product update campaign we run because we know it gives us 3X the engagement rate of email with less than half the effort.”

Louisa Ive

Sr. Product Marketing Manager at Patchwork

FEEDBACK

Launch features your customers actually want

Does it feel like you're developing in the dark? Now, you can easily collect and prioritize feedback—and know how to build more value into your product.

Learn about Feedback
Here's how easy it is to get started.

Moving quickly? Get set up in under five minutes and explore our platform for free.

1

Sign up for our free plan to start exploring Beamer. No CC required!

2

Install in five minutes with a simple embed code or Wordpress plugin.

3

Find 3,000+ available integrations, API and Webhooks, and more.

Get more out of your product releases.

Turn each launch, update, or fix into an opportunity to engage, excite, and learn from your customers.

START FOR FREE
GET A DEMO
About
Home
Product updates
Blog
Status page
Affiliates
Privacy Settings
Careers
Contact us
Products
Changelog
Feedback
Net Promoter Score®
Notification Center
Pricing
Alternatives
Canny
AnnounceKit
How to use Beamer
Release Notes
User Announcements
Segmentation
Inbox
Push Notifications
Design Customization
Improve User Engagement
Integrations
Additional Resources
Feedback Management Tools
In-App vs Push Notifications
Best NPS Survey Tools
Documentation
Installation
Help Center
Learning Center
Developer Docs
API Documentation
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Data Security
GDPR Compliance
Trust Center

©2017-2025 Made with ❤️ by Beamer

Net Promoter®, NPS®, and the NPS-related emoticons are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., Satmetrix Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter Score℠ and Net Promoter System℠ are service marks of Bain & Company, Inc., Satmetrix Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.

Feedback