Spotify Ad Blocker - Blockify Blockify Supported Platforms Test Your Adblocker Blog Reviews Add to Chrome Blockify Ad Blocker An Ad Blocker That Never Misses Tired of annoying ads smashing the vibe and hijacking your focus? Blockify wipes them before you hear or see them. Enjoy uninterrupted, unadulterated content and full privacy with the best ad blocker for Chrome, Blockify! Add to Chrome Add to Edge Average rating 4.7 stars (out of 5) from 4500+ reviews. Without Blockify AD BUY NOW! AD HOT DEALS IN YOUR AREA! AD DON'T MISS OUT! SUBSCRIBE New Alert! AD CLICK HERE! AD LOOK HERE! AD HOT DEALS! AD SPECIAL OFFER! Video Ad Watch Now! Limited Time Offer! 50% OFF TODAY ONLY CLAIM NOW Special Offer! IN YOUR AREA CHECK THIS OUT! Audio Ad: 0:15 With Blockify Move cursor to compare 300,000+ Happy Users Blockify is the ad blocker built for every ad type. No banners. No audio ads. No mid-roll video ads. Features Why 300,000+ Users Trust Blockify Dive in to see why Blockify outperforms every other ad blocker for Chrome out there: Blocks all ad formats Other adblockers miss the hard stuff. Blockify's ad-blocking engine shuts down all types of ads, including A/V and multi-media ads! Dual-Layer Protection A primary ad-blocking layer blocks ads and a fallback layer catches anything that slips through. Even if one layer fails, the backup layer kicks in. Privacy Shield, Built-in Remove trackers, tracking scripts, ad cookies, and ad pixels, for total privacy! Advertisers can't follow you online. Annoying Distractions? Gone! Stay focused on your content. Eliminate push-notification spam, auto-play content, and sneaky pop-ups, instantly. Feather-light & lightning-fast Light code loads fast and keeps the browser snappy. Being less than 2 MB in package size, Blockify smaller than a typical mp3 song. Always up to date We ship updates weekly, so platforms can't outrun us. This keeps Blockify one step ahead of new ad methods and techniques. Install the free ad blocker now Comprehensive Made for Every Site, Every Ad Format Audio Ads & Video Ads Be it Spotify ads or video pre-roll ads, Blockify removes them all Display Ads Banner, sidebar, sticky, overlay: gone. Pop-ups & Pop-unders Shut before they interrupt. Trackers & Scripts Third-party scripts blocked, cookies stripped. Push Notifications Opt-out enforced by default. Redirects Prevent spammy redirects with ease. Platform Support Works on All Major Content Platforms Blockify delivers seamless ad-blocking across your favorite streaming and content platforms Spotify Block audio ads on Spotify Web Player Learn more YouTube Remove video ads and pre-rolls Learn more Twitch Skip stream interruptions Learn more Hulu Watch shows without ad breaks Learn more Plus hundreds of thousands of other websites across the web Simple Setup How to Start Time required? Under 30 seconds (no sign-up required) 1 Install Blockify Install Blockify from the Chrome Web Store. 2 Pin the Extension Pin the Chrome extension for quick access. 3 Enjoy Ads vanish. Privacy stays. Testimonials Proof It Works "this is the best ad blocker for spotify, no BS at all. the best thing is, it works on youtube as well!! i swear this is the best and i thought this was a BS at first but....... it works" — Divyansh Mishra Chrome Web Store review "a WANDA-FUL!!!!! EXTENSION!!!!!!! i can listen to EVERY! music i love without the lame bad ads that tried to make a song off their product, Tell me who would want to listen to a song about potato chips??? 10/10" — sorn y Chrome Web Store review "Blockify is hands down the BEST ad blocker for Spotify. Very easy UI and with just one click your ad problems will be gone! The Blockify team is always quick with bug fixes and updates- the effort they have to get changes out quick is amazing, and the fact they communicate the process to their users shows the dedication they have to uphold their amazing product. Highly recommend!! Thank you Blockify team :D" — luminebear Chrome Web Store review "Love, Love, Love it! Blockify is the best if you don't want to listen to ads on Spotify! <3 Highly recommend." — Jekneisha Chrome Web Store review "The best Spotify ad blocker I've seen in years. Great work!" — Hayden Chrome Web Store review "THIS IS THE BEST THING IVE EVER DOWNLOADED ITS SO SATIFYING TO JUST WATCH THEM DISSAPAER IM IN LOVE OH MY GOD I CAN FINALLY LISTEN TO MY MUSIC WITHOUT HEARING DOWNY RINSE AND REFRESH COMMERCIALS I COULD CRY TEARS OF JOY" — Hidden Chrome Web Store review "I wanna give 10 stars for this extension!!! cuz... I have just blocked 103 ads given by a report by this extension... which is equal to 50 minutes of non stop painful ads that i've blocked successfully!!!!!! which is completely insane!!!! I hardly remember hearing an ad on spotify!!! Wherever the creator of this extension is... i wish him/her a great life!!!" — Aadhavan Av Chrome Web Store review "it's simple, and it works. It's perfect! (I didn't even know this originally, but it even blocks adds on YouTube, though imperfectly, which is not even it's main purpose, so it's def a plus)" — Alexander G Chrome Web Store review "Its absolutely amazing!!!!! 10/10 Recommend!!!" — Amarni Pukeroa Chrome Web Store review "genuinely one of the best extensions ive EVER used" — tay Chrome Web Store review "Hands down the greatest. I dont know how you are cooking all of this but you guyz are doing a fantastic job." — Suman Giri Chrome Web Store review "best thing to ever be created" — KENNI KENNI Chrome Web Store review Featured by Google, on the Chrome Web Store. FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Is Blockify a free ad blocker? Does it cover premium sites? Will it hurt streaming quality? Is it the best adblocker for Chrome? How is Blockify different from other pop up blockers? Does it work outside Chrome? Will it break site functionality? How do I block audio ads on Spotify? Can I customize which sites to allow ads? What Blockify Feels Like See Blockify in Action Watch as Blockify actively detects and destroys ads in real-time. Tap to pause/resume. Un-suck your browser! Join a quarter-million users who enjoy uninterrupted content and a distraction-free web. Get Blockify Blockify The ultimate ad blocker browser extension that never misses. Capabilities Ad-blocking on YouTube Ad-blocking on Spotify Ad-blocking on Twitch Ad-blocking on Hulu Product Features How It Works Reviews FAQ Adblock Test Company Blog Privacy Policy Contact Us Careers © 2025 Blockify. All rights reserved.