Restaurant Marketing & Commerce Platform | BentoBox Why Bento Products Restaurant Type Pricing Resources +1 (877) 353-2447 Sign In Get Started Why Bento Products Stand Out Restaurant Websites Digital Accessibility (ADA) Cookie Consent Management Google Sync Customization Package Sell Online Ordering Takeout & Delivery Online Catering Dine-in Ordering Clover POS QR Code Order & Pay Ecommerce Gift Cards Merchandise Ticketing Events Management Engage Dine-In Reservations Digital Waitlist Marketing SEO Email Marketing SMS Marketing Loyalty Programs Operate BentoCore Diner Database Menu Management Branding Clover Kitchen Display System (KDS) Clover Payment Processing Integrations Restaurant Type Multi-Location Restaurants Neighborhood Spots Fast Casual Restaurants Fine Dining Bars Pizzerias Wineries Breweries Private Chefs Hospitality Groups Clubs & Nightlife Ghost Kitchens Hotel Restaurants Food Trucks Food Halls New Restaurant Openings Bakeries Coffee Shops Pricing Resources Watch our Online Demo Discover how BentoBox's all-in-one platform can transform your restaurant's online presence with stunning websites, powerful marketing tools, and much more. Reports & Guides Tools & Templates Webinars Case Studies Blog FAQs BentoBox vs. Competitors Support Become a Partner +1 (877) 353-2447 Sign In Get Started Show your diners smarter hospitality. Show your diners smarter hospitality. Put diners at the center of how your restaurant operates to create better experiences while growing your business. Get started Know your diners. 
Grow your business. The BentoBox Marketing & Commerce Platform is an all-in-one restaurant commerce engine. With Restaurant Websites, Takeout & Delivery, Events Management, Reservations, and more — all powered by BentoCore at the heart of the platform — it helps restaurants boost profits, stand out from competitors, operate efficiently, and keep diners coming back. Learn more See how you can transform your business See up to 40% more web traffic Generate 50% more in revenue Drive up to 28% more mobile visitors Convert up to 25% of site visitors See the platform in action Meet the modules The Marketing & Commerce Platform includes a full suite of diner-facing modules that restaurants can activate based on what their diners need. Even better? The modules capture valuable diner data, which restaurants can then use to deliver even better hospitality. Restaurant Websites Launch a branded online experience built specifically to help your restaurant stand out and make more money. Takeout & Delivery Make it easy for people to place food orders with a commission-free online ordering experience that’s designed to encourage more high-value sales. Digital Waitlist Turn tables faster with a digital table and guest management system that calculates accurate wait times for guests. Online Catering Do even more business by accepting catering orders and payments up to one year in advance. Events Management From patio buyouts to weddings, birthdays, and more, our platform makes it easy to book and host any kind of private get-together. Reservations Keep your dining room full — and keep diners happy — with a table and guest management system that’s owned and controlled entirely by you. eCommerce Stores Boost your bottom line by selling goods and services like branded merchandise, event tickets, and more directly through your website, without the third-party fees. Gift Cards Make more money by offering physical and digital gift cards that can be purchased and redeemed through your website. QR Code Order & Pay Save time on orders — and use fewer servers – by allowing diners to order and pay directly on their mobile devices using QR codes. Restaurant Websites Launch a branded online experience built specifically to help your restaurant stand out and make more money. Takeout & Delivery Make it easy for people to place food orders with a commission-free online ordering experience that’s designed to encourage more high-value sales. Digital Waitlist Turn tables faster with a digital table and guest management system that calculates accurate wait times for guests. Online Catering Do even more business by accepting catering orders and payments up to one year in advance. Events Management From patio buyouts to weddings, birthdays, and more, our platform makes it easy to book and host any kind of private get-together. Reservations Keep your dining room full — and keep diners happy — with a table and guest management system that’s owned and controlled entirely by you. eCommerce Stores Boost your bottom line by selling goods and services like branded merchandise, event tickets, and more directly through your website, without the third-party fees. Gift Cards Make more money by offering physical and digital gift cards that can be purchased and redeemed through your website. QR Code Order & Pay Save time on orders — and use fewer servers – by allowing diners to order and pay directly on their mobile devices using QR codes. Loved and trusted by Loved and trusted by Up for a quick demo? See how BentoBox can help your restaurant do more. Book a demo BentoBox Life at BentoBox Careers Customer Stories Platform Status DEI Contact Sign Up Call Now Watch The Demo Refer a Restaurant Become a Partner Referral Terms Support FAQs Contact Support Help Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Connect