Products
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Pricing

Try Asking:

What does Blueshift do?

✦
★
✦
Talk to Sales
Log in
Your New AI Command Center for Growth

Compass finds what others miss. Launchpad builds what used to take hours. Together, they deliver sharper personalization, faster execution, and the freedom to scale campaigns without extra effort. Preview the future.

See How it Works Request Custom Demo
Your Customer Data Isn’t the Problem. Your Platform Is.

If you’re struggling with fragmented tools, limited personalization, and slow execution—it’s time for a change.

BEFORE BLUESHIFT
Disconnected tools, missing features.
Data locked up without IT/engineering help.
LIttle personalization at scale.
Reliance on IT for segmentation and analysis.
Extra CDP needed for accurate insights or recommendations.
AFTER BLUESHIFT
15%+ higher retention with unified journeys. 781% increase in Total ROI per Forrester.
2× faster launches with data, channels, and AI in one platform. $128M in incremental revenue growth.
60% higher CTR (per Forrester) with built-in predictive, generative, and agentic AI.
Segmentation in minutes with Customer AI and without IT help.
One platform: data + marketing + AI --> Go live in days, not months.
Helping Brands Deliver Customer Experiences That are Both Intelligent and Deeply Human
Patented AI That’s Actually Actionable

Predictive, generative, and agentic AI built into every step of the journey—so you can deliver moments that matter, grow faster, and ensure customer loyalty.

Learn About Customer AI
One Profile. All Your Data.

Unify behavioral, transactional, and identity data into a single, real-time profile—no more silos or manual stitching. Now you can have predictive segmentation, behavior-based triggers, and more.

Learn About Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Cross-channel Engagement Without the Chaos

Email, SMS, push, in-app, and more—fully orchestrated, real-time, and easy to manage from one platform.

Learn About Cross-Channel Marketing
We're Not Too Big to Care About Our Customers

Blueshift’s onboarding, support, and success teams don’t just answer tickets. We act as an extension of your team to help you build, launch, and scale faster. And, we stay with you throughout your partnership with us.

Learn How we Ensure Your Success
REAL RESULTS. REAL MARKETERS.
See How Brands Use Blueshift to Scale Personalization, Drive Revenue, and Reduce Time to Market
Finance

“Blueshift helped us increase member engagement by 32% with unified, actionable data.”

Ben Savage
Director of Digital Marketing, Ent Credit Union
Case Study
Retail

“We increased our email revenue by 181% within the first year with AI-driven lifecycle journeys.”

Tyler Norris
Head of Email, Tuft & Needle
Case Study
Healthcare

“We saved 60+ hours of marketing operations work per month and launched 50+ experiments in a single month.”

Alex McKewan
Manager of Omnichannel Solutions, AMN Healthcare
Case Study
Featured In
Deliver the perfect message to every customer, at the right moment.

Unify your data. Personalize every channel. Scale faster.

Request a Custom Demo See Industry Examples
Subscribe to our newsletter for new resources, updates, and more.
Product
Customer Engagement Platform (CEP)
Customer Data Platform
Customer AI
AI Agents
AI Assistants
AI Predictors
Cross-Channel Marketing Hub
Take Platform Tour
Customer Case Studies
Contact Sales
Pricing and Plans
Solutions
Banks & Credit Unions
eLearning
Healthcare
Media & Publishing
Financial Services
Retail & Ecommerce
Security & Compliance
Pre-built Integrations
Resources
FAQs
Blog
eBooks and Reports
Datasheets
Webinars & Events
Customer Case Studies
RFP Guide
Blueshift vs Adobe Campaign
Blueshift vs Braze
Blueshift vs Iterable
Blueshift vs Klaviyo
Blueshift vs Salesforce Marketing Cloud
Success
Blueshift Academy
Product Documentation
Developer Portal
Product Updates
Support
Service & Agency Partners
Company
About Blueshift
Awards
Careers
Press
Why Blueshift?
Contact Us
© 2025 COPYRIGHT BLUESHIFT LABS, INC
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE 11-28-2023
ANTI-SPAM POLICY
MODERN SLAVERY STATEMENT
All Systems Operational