clicky
Login Register Help
Privacy-friendly Website Analytics
Clicky's privacy-friendly, GDPR-compliant website analytics service is used by more than one million websites around the globe.
Register now
Login   Demo   Learn more   Compare
"Not only did we finally get to see the actual real statistics of our website, but the easiness of use and in-depth information Clicky provided made us switch to the paid version within 3 weeks to use it for more of our websites. We also discovered that making beautiful reports is as simple as it can be so we are now installing Clicky on our clients' websites as well."
-- Jasper Meerman, solutum.com -- More testimonials »
Monitor, analyze, and react to your traffic in real time
Privacy-friendly & GDPR-compliant
No personal data. No tracking cookies.
No bots or referrer spam
Our bot detection and blocking is the best in the biz.
Visitor and action logs
See every visitor, page view, and javascript event. Anonymized and GDPR-compliant by default.
Track ad-block visitors
~15% of people use ad-blockers, which also block even the most privacy-friendly trackers like Clicky. But these visitors can be tracked, by proxying all beacons through generic paths on your domain.
Heatmaps
View heatmaps by page, visitor, or segment.
Security and anti-fraud, if you need it
Optionally log more data for security or anti-fraud purposes, including full IP addresses, as defined by GDPR recital 47 .
Uptime monitoring
Receive alerts when your website goes offline so you can react immediately. Uptime is monitored from 7 locations around the globe.
And so much more...
The list of features is nearly endless. Compare Clicky vs the competition!
Blog
AI, UTMs, and referrers
Proxy tracking updates: Cookies, Caching, and X-Forwarded-For
Log ad-block visitors with reverse proxy tracking!
IPv6 support!
Privacy update: Cookie-free tracking is the new default
Two-factor authentication (2FA)
Big update for trends and graphs!

Read more »


Register now
Login   Demo   Learn more   Compare






Register
Pricing
White label analytics
Marketshare

Help
Forums
Contact
Blog

Bluesky
Mastodon
Twitter

Terms of service
Privacy policy
Do not sell my personal information
Opt out



Copyright © 2025, Roxr Software Ltd

