Deliver trusted data with dbt | dbt Labs Meet the new dbt. Faster, better, more collaborative. The new dbt Fusion engine gives your team 30x faster performance, excellent cost efficiency, and end-to-end governance. Install dbt VS Code extension Explore dbt Announcing Explore Fusion Learn more about Fusion, the next-generation dbt engine that’s powering a more responsive developer experience, cost efficiencies, and the future of analytics VS Code extension This free tool brings the full power of the dbt Fusion engine into your local environment with features like live error detection, lightning-fast parse times, insights and rich lineage all in VS Code or Cursor. Experience dbt for analysts Bring more of your team onboard with dbt Canvas, the drag-and-drop visual UX that makes governed data development simple for pros and new users alike A unified platform for delivering trusted data AI is changing data work, fast. The data control plane keeps you ahead of the curve. Reliable, high-quality data is the fuel that propels AI-powered data engineering. dbt empowers your team to deliver reliable, governed data faster, cheaper, and at scale. Learn about dbt Explore Fusion Next-gen engine Meet Fusion: The new engine powering dbt. A brand new, lightning-fast engine is here. Experience faster performance, a hyper-responsive developer experience, and built-in cost efficiencies. Explore Fusion Automate critical tasks dbt Copilot accelerates development with AI. Bring structure to how analytics work gets scoped and shared, making the rest of the lifecycle simpler, smoother, and better governed—from data development through to analysis. Learn more about Copilot Transform your business Choose dbt for speed, trust, and delivering real results. Unlock your data and the future of your business. dbt’s organization-wide platform improves data quality and governance to truly trust your AI, allowing your data practitioners to do their best and most important work, orders of magnitude faster. Improve data quality and trust High-quality data reduces risk, drives productivity, and increases stakeholder confidence in AI and data development Build trust in data Drive efficiency & reduce cost dbt helps identify inefficiencies in your data development, then provides automation and recommendations to drive down costs See how dbt streamlines work Build better AI with higher-quality data dbt ensures your data is trusted, governed, and properly documented — so AI gets built on the best possible inputs dbt for powerful AI Top companies use dbt to deliver real AI impact. Join the thousands of companies using dbt to accelerate analytics, lower costs, and achieve extraordinary outcomes. Read customer stories For our business needs, our investment in AI and dbt Semantic Layer has been worth it. Kelly Wolinetz , Senior data engineer Read M1 Finance 's story Access to accurate data is critical, it allows us to improve the customer experience and increase retention, lifetime value, and profitability. Matt Luizzi , Senior Director of Analytics for WHOOP Read Whoop 's story The numbers don't lie Major value. Measurable results. Thousands of teams rely on dbt to improve data quality and trust while they drive efficiency and reduce cost. 30x Faster data workflows Automate processes to deliver insights significantly faster 194% ROI in under 6 months Forrester Research found organizations achieve faster results, lower costs, and improved team productivity 5,400 dbt customers Deliver trusted data products confidently at any scale 100% Compliance Built-in governance, testing, and documentation for data you can trust See dbt in action today. Speak directly with our data experts and discover how dbt can accelerate your analytics strategy and drive measurable results. Request a demo Create a free account Great data professionals never work alone The dbt Community connects you with 100,000+ data professionals—people who share your challenges, insights, and ambitions Join the Community Seamless integrations across the data stack See all integrations Trusted globally. Proven at scale. Customer approved 97% customer satisfaction Rated 4.8/5 on G2 by thousands of data leaders who trust dbt Cloud for critical analytics and AI initiatives Secure & compliant Enterprise-grade compliance Proven at scale 60,000+ teams Over 60,000 teams worldwide rely on dbt, processing billions of data transformations with confidence Industry leader Named a Leader by Snowflake and Databricks Recognized as Snowflake Data Cloud Partner of the Year and Databricks Customer Impact Partner of the Year Get started Accelerate your AI initiatives today Get a personalized demo and see how dbt empowers your data team to deliver trustworthy AI at scale. Request your demo Learn more about dbt Install the new dbt VS Code extension The free dbt VS Code extension is the best way to develop locally with the dbt Fusion Engine Install free extension [Live virtual event] Delivering reliable AI with the dbt Semantic Layer and dbt MCP Server - Global sessions on Dec 16 & 17 Big news! dbt Labs and Fivetran sign definitive  agreement to merge. Read the announcement [Live virtual event] Delivering reliable AI with the dbt Semantic Layer and dbt MCP Server - Global sessions on Dec 16 & 17 Big news! dbt Labs and Fivetran sign definitive  agreement to merge. Read the announcement Back Close menu Open menu Product Solutions Customers Resources Community Pricing Try dbt Book a demo Product Solutions Customers Resources Community Pricing Login Create a free account Try dbt Book a demo Footer Product dbt What is dbt? Case studies Integrations Pricing For Developers Documentation Getting Started Guide Supported Data Platforms Developer Blog VS Code extension Company About Us Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Careers We're Hiring! Press Resources Resource Hub dbt Learn Certification Blog Community Join the Community Become a Contributor Open Source dbt Packages Community Forum Support Contact Support Professional Services Find a Partner System Status Product For Developers Company Resources Community Support Read the Roundup The internet's most useful articles on analytics engineering and its adjacent ecosystem. Read Now Connect with Us GitHub LinkedIn YouTube Instagram X Bluesky RSS © 2025 dbt Labs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Modern Slavery Statement Report a Problem Security Terms of Use AI development principles Cookies Settings