Dropbox.com Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Send large files Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Send large files Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Language Get started Find anything. Protect everything. Find, organize, and protect your work with Dropbox Dash. Now with advanced search for video, images, and team members—plus generative AI capabilities across even more connected apps. What’s new with Dash Try Dropbox free Permissions Protect all your content Dash makes it easy to find files across apps and safeguard sensitive content. With AI-powered search and universal access controls, your team stays connected, efficient, and secure. Learn more Content management Stay organized and on track Smart organization and suggestions, natural language search, and seamless integrations mean everything is easy to find and intuitive to manage—all within Dropbox cloud storage, so your team can focus on their work. Learn more Get started free Collaboration Instant sharing keeps work flowing Secure links, real-time syncing, and large file transfers keep your team and partners connected so collaboration stays seamless. Learn more Get started free Security never comes second From industry-leading encryption and tamper-proof documents to version history and recovery, Dropbox keeps your intellectual property safe and never sells your data. Get started free Learn more Trusted by the biggest companies in the world Dropbox empowers across industries Construction With Dropbox for teams, you can store, access, preview, edit, and transfer CAD, BIM, PDF, and visual content files from anywhere. Learn more Media Create a flexible media workspace that connects your teams, content, and tools together. Learn more Technology Product ideation to development, streamline technology workflows so you can focus on turning great ideas into products people love. Learn more Professional services Make clients happier with easy collaboration, boosted productivity, and one organized place to get things done. Learn more Manufacturing Design and engineering teams easily collaborate, managing complex reviews and sharing large files seamlessly. Learn more Education Power student learning, faculty research, and staff operations on Dropbox Education’s secure cloud collaboration platform. Learn more Discover, learn, thrive with Dropbox Article Study: Here’s how many hours we lose to distraction—and how to get our focus back For our study, Economist Impact included knowledge workers globally—and found that, no matter where people work, there’s a significant cost to lost focus around the world. Read article Article Dropbox teams up with McLaren Racing as an Official Technology Partner of McLaren Formula 1 Team Dropbox brings simplified sharing, collaboration, and organization to the McLaren Formula 1 Team. Read article Article The best way to share photos with family and friends Don’t lose precious photos. Save them and share them with loved ones—for free. Here’s an easy-to-follow guide to sharing and storing photos with Dropbox. Read article View more resources Please note: The products or features described may not be released yet. The decision to purchase our services should be made based on features that are currently available. Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Events Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact