How It Works  View Demo Customers & Partners  Pricing Learn  Log In 
Sign Up
Never Miss Another Conversion

Ensure that 100% of your conversions are tracked and delivered to your marketing channels like Facebook, TikTok, Google Ads, GA4, and 40+ other channels with Elevar’s server-side tracking. Plus boost Klaviyo flow performance by 2-3x with Session Enrichment.

Sign up for Elevar

Plans from $0 a month + 15-day free trials on all plans

TRUSTED BY OVER 6,500 D2C LEADERS
Marketers, analysts, and brand owners use Elevar for accurate conversion tracking
If any of this sounds familiar, you need Elevar
I need to improve tracking quality due to iOS changes
I’m still using native Facebook or GA integrations with Shopify
My server-side tracking is lacking
My existing tracking in GTM, my theme, and apps is a mess
I need a better Facebook CAPI setup for Shopify
I need my tracking to integrate with my Consent provider
I don't trust my Google Analytics data (or need GA4)
I want to upgrade to Shopify Checkout Extensibility
My agency needs me to fix my tracking for Google Ads, Facebook, GA
I want a first party User ID to recognize returning users without relying on cookies
Facebook is under-performing and think it could do better
I’m missing conversions in Google Ads impacting performance
TAGGING AUTOMATION
Automatically track each customer journey and achieve 99% conversion accuracy
People Click Your Ads

Conversion tracking starts with knowing which channel the shopper is coming from.

People Browse Your Website

Conversions can be product views, add to cart, purchases, etc.

Conversions Sent to Destinations

Elevar pushes your conversion data server-side to marketing channels with near 100% accuracy (and GDPR compliant).

ALL AROUND DATA
3 Types of Data Collected

Elevar's job is to collect the maximum amount of attributable data to send to each of your marketing destinations.

Product & Order Data

This is the data you'd expect to see in each of your tags that appears in pixel helpers -- product sku, price, brand, revenue, transaction IDs, etc.

Watch how it works
Customer Data

This is data such as email, user identifier, customer id, phone, addresses, etc. This data collection can be integrated with consent providers like OneTrust.

Watch how it works
Attribution Data

The most critical data for your marketing channels to attribute clicks to conversions. This data includes click IDs, cookie values, UTM parameters, and other data related to session stitching.

Watch how it works
Do More with 50+ Integrations With Elevar

With real-time event monitoring and integrations with Facebook Conversion API, Google Ads, GA4, TikTok, and 40+ more digital marketing channels

Explore Integrations
“
The Elevar team is responsive and eager to help. We now feel that our site analytics are in a great place, and we get so much value in working with the Elevar Team.

Mark Duffy

Digital Marketing Manager, Owl Labs
“
I have a much better understanding of how minor changes can hugely impact different KPIs. The eCommerce strategy has also been greatly beneficial to how we think about long-term strategy and how we operate day-to-day.

Dylan Kim

Co-Founder, Brevite
“
Amazing feedback, support, and optimizations. The team is extremely knowledgeable, and shares that info transparently. Education and execution are the hallmarks of the platform, but more importantly, of the team.

Amit Shah

Growth Marketing Manager, Buck Mason
“
The Elevar team is responsive and eager to help. We now feel that our site analytics are in a great place, and we get so much value in working with the Elevar Team.

Mark Duffy

Digital Marketing Manager, Owl Labs
“
I have a much better understanding of how minor changes can hugely impact different KPIs. The eCommerce strategy has also been greatly beneficial to how we think about long-term strategy and how we operate day-to-day.

Dylan Kim

Co-Founder, Brevite
“
Amazing feedback, support, and optimizations. The team is extremely knowledgeable, and shares that info transparently. Education and execution are the hallmarks of the platform, but more importantly, of the team.

Amit Shah

Growth Marketing Manager, Buck Mason
“
The Elevar team is responsive and eager to help. We now feel that our site analytics are in a great place, and we get so much value in working with the Elevar Team.

Mark Duffy

Digital Marketing Manager, Owl Labs
BUILT FOR SHOPIFY
Power your pixels and analytics with complete datasets

 Instantly deploy a Google Tag Manager data layer, server-side tracking, session enrichment, and real-time performance monitoring so your marketing platforms are always fully optimized.

See Use Cases
Privacy Enabled Data Layer

Our data layer and webhook integrations capture user behavior, marketing attribution data, customer data, and consent mode status.

This data is then used to power server-side tracking in Elevar or tags in your own Google Tag Manager account.

Learn About Data Layer for Shopify View Consent Integrations
Client-Side & Server-Side Tracking

Most marketing channels are moving to server-side tracking to ensure 100% of first party data is collected to improve performance reporting and audience automations.

With Elevar, you can publish server-side tracking to Conversion APIs in a few clicks.

Or if you prefer client-side tracking, then utilize Elevar’s Pre-Built Tag library to use in GTM.

View All Integrations Boost Facebook Performance by 20%
2-3x Klaviyo Flow Performance

Leveraging Elevar’s Session Enrichment and Klaviyo server-side integration, our customers consistently experience a 50% or greater increase in product view and add-to-cart events.

This results in more abandoned flow emails being sent and a direct boost in ROI from your Elevar integration.

See How It Works
Recognize Returning Users with Session Enrichment

Boost your marketing performance: Elevar’s Session Enrichment instantly improves campaign ROI by recognizing returning users & enhancing data sent to Facebook CAPI, Klaviyo, Google Ads, and more!

Launch GA4 and Enrich with Events

Is GA4 setup for success ahead of the July 2023 sunset date of Universal Analytics? Elevar helps automate the setup of accurate server-side tracking for GA4 and Universal Analytics. Plus our point-and-click Chrome Extension allows you to quickly add event tracking across your website that syncs with Google Tag Manager.

Launch GA4 on Shopify Chrome Extension
Boris Hodakel
Founder, Feel

“A gift that we have something like this that can be deployed with just a couple of clicks which makes my life easier…and I don’t get anxiety when I need to add something new.”

Gabriel S. Dias
Head of Digital & Growth, Vessi

“We’ve tripled in size which is quite a milestone. And our conversion rate has gone up significantly even with high volume of paid social traffic.”

Dylan Kim
Co-Founder, Brevitē

“15x’d our business in 3 years since working with Elevar. Laying down the foundational work early so we could see that growth was key to our success.”

ONE CENTRAL SYSTEM
Elevar simplifies the growing complexity of tracking and user identification all in one place

Your marketing team feels confident and sees their campaign performance improve. You get peace of mind, better performance, and more revenue.

Improve ad performance with better analytics
Reduce the cost to acquire new customers
Fully managed, and DIY server-side plans
Real-Time Conversion Reporting
Sitewide data layer for Google Tag Manager
CCPA and GDPR consent integrations
Automated tracking alerts
Facebook Conversion API
Expert installation and setup options
99% conversion accuracy - guaranteed
4.9 out of 5 stars on Shopify's app store
24 hour, 6 days a week customer support
View Pricing & Plans
Watch or Book a Demo
99%
Conversion Accuracy

Implement Elevar’s fully managed server-side tracking and we guarantee 99% of your purchase data will be successfully delivered to all of your server-side marketing destinations.

30
DAY
Money Back Guarantee

Our no questions asked 30 day money back guarantee is available on all plans. We’re invested into your success.

Ready to Get Started?

Try free for 15 days to start increasing performance through better tracking

Sign up
View Plans
You're In Good Hands

Proud to be official partners.

Elevar automates data collection
and server-side tracking for
D2C Shopify brands

Product
Session Enrichment
Boost Meta by 20%
GA4 for Shopify
Server-Side Tracking
Data Layer for GTM
Conversion Monitoring
View All Integrations
Company
About
Events
Partner Program
Case Studies
Watch/Book Demo
Pricing
Careers
Refer a Friend
Support
Contact Support
Help Docs
Read Blog
Our Podcast
Headless Setup Docs
Status Page
Cookie Settings
Shopify Tools
Elevar App on Shopify
Free Consent Checker

© 2025 All Right Reserved.

Accessibility GDPR Legal Privacy Policy Terms Your Privacy Choices
Accessibility