Social Sports Picks - Fliff Social Sportsbook and Sweepstakes Social Sportsbook Superstars About Us Careers Contact Us Download Fliff Sports Book About Us Careers Contact Us Social Sportsbook Superstars Download Fliff Make Sports Picks and Claim Daily Rewards Install Free-to-play Social sports gaming Fliff turns sports predictions into a play-for-fun social game with daily credits to play for free! More ways to Sports Predictions Claim your daily currency and play in Fliff Coin or Fliff Cash games with no purchase necessary. PLAY EARN WIN More ways to Loyalty Rewards Complete challenges, refer your friends, and redeem your XP for gift cards. PLAY EARN WIN More ways to Badges and Prizes Win your picks to move up the leaderboards and levels, and become a Fliff legend. PLAY EARN WIN Play For Fliff Cash Fliff Coins Play Social Games with Fliff Coins Play our social sports games to move up the leaderboards, level up, gain followers, earn achievement badges and become a Fliff legend! Play Promotional Games with Fliff Cash Our promotional games offer the opportunity to win real prizes. Fliff Cash can always be obtained free of charge, with no purchase necessary. The reviews speak for themselves 150,000+ reviews - 4.8/5.0 They literally pay you to play! M fr ff • May 11, 2024 Before I never really tried to play for real prizes, but after getting used to a little bit, it got easier to understand it had better lineups and more options. Diddy047 • May 10, 2023 I've been using Fliff for about a couple months. I recommend Fliff to all of my friends and family. Great app! MaddoxFl04 • May 17, 2023 Love Fliff fr it's my favorite app gives you a free dollar everyday until you get 5 they got everything too. rsty09 • Jul 11, 2024 I love Fliff! Getting 1 Fliff Cash everyday is so awesome! That helps after losing streaks lol. Fliff is the best app! Iifrenzyy • Jun 29, 2023 The best social sportsbook hands down. Talic18 • May 03, 2024 Great app, all real time stats and odds! Only way to go imo! Fun, way to stay interested while watching sports! SugaShande0 • Apr 14, 2024 Fliff is so much fun and easy to use. Do not hesitate to give it a try. Bills by a Billion L • Jun 10, 2023 This app save my life I was on, the other websites losing money with Fliff it's free and fun no stress. Wiz2sharp6 • May 12, 2024 Gives you a great chance at sports betting without risking ur money. Marvo.sk8 • May 03, 2024 Where is Fliff Available? Fliff Fliff Social Sportsbook Fliff Cash Sweepstakes Fliff Cash Streaks Superstars DFS State Availability Alabama Unavailable Available false false Alaska Unavailable Available false false Arizona Unavailable Available false false Arkansas Unavailable Available false false California Unavailable Available false false false Colorado Unavailable Available false false Connecticut Unavailable Available false false Delaware Unavailable Available false false District of Columbia Unavailable Available false false Florida Unavailable Available false false Georgia Unavailable Available false false Hawaii Unavailable Available false false false Idaho Unavailable Available false false false false false Illinois Unavailable Available false false Indiana Unavailable Available false false Iowa Unavailable Available false false Kansas Unavailable Available false Kentucky Unavailable Available false Louisiana Unavailable Available false false Maine Unavailable Available false false Maryland Unavailable Available false false Massachusetts Unavailable Available false false Michigan Unavailable Available false false Minnesota Unavailable Available false Mississippi Unavailable Available false false Missouri Unavailable Available false false Montana Unavailable Available false false Nebraska Unavailable Available false false Nevada Unavailable Available false false New Hampshire Unavailable Available false false New Jersey Unavailable Available false false New Mexico Unavailable Available false New York Unavailable Available false false North Carolina Unavailable Available false false North Dakota Unavailable Available false Ohio Unavailable Available false false Oklahoma Unavailable Available false false Oregon Unavailable Available false false Pennsylvania Unavailable Available false false Rhode Island Unavailable Available false South Carolina Unavailable Available false South Dakota Unavailable Available false Tennessee Unavailable Available false false false Texas Unavailable Available false false Utah Unavailable Available false Vermont Unavailable Available false false Virginia Unavailable Available false false Washington Unavailable Available false false false false false West Virginia Unavailable Available false false false Wisconsin Unavailable Available false false Wyoming Unavailable Available false false Colorado FREQUENTLY asked questions What is Fliff? Fliff is a social sportsbook that has pioneered play-for-fun sports gaming by reimagining sports predictions as a free-to-play social game. We integrate promotional plays and loyalty rewards to elevate the social experience and offer sports fans the opportunity to earn rewards and win prizes. Is Fliff available in my state? Players located in the United States, excluding the state of Washington are eligible to use Fliff. Players in the states of Hawaii, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, and Tennessee may use the platform but are restricted from participating in our promotional games. Eligibility to participate in promotions in other states may vary month-to-month. For more information on eligibility and availability please see our Terms of Use and Sweepstakes Rules. What’s the difference between Fliff Coins and Fliff Cash? Fliff Coins are used to play for fun. They provide the opportunity to win more Fliff Coins, earn XP, and move up the leaderboards while earning achievement badges and building a status within the Fliff community. Fliff Coins are a freemium product that can be claimed every two hours, or purchased through our shop, but cannot be transferred outside the game or redeemed for prizes. Fliff Cash is free to claim and serves as an entry into our promotional sweepstakes. Fliff Cash won from gameplay can be used in additional games or redeemed for prizes, provided the minimum redemption level is met and the account holder’s identity has been verified in accordance with our Terms of Use. You can also obtain Fliff Cash for free as a bonus with the purchase of select Fliff Coin packs or via one of our alternative methods of entry. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY to obtain Fliff Cash; please see our Sweepstakes Rules for complete details. What are Promotional Games? Promotional games provide participants with an opportunity to win real prizes. They are used to promote the sale of a product (in our case, Fliff Coins) and have been used for decades across the United States and worldwide. Is Fliff the only company that uses Promotional Games? No. Many companies leverage promotional games and sweepstakes to promote their products or services at any given time. These promotions have existed for decades and are prevalent both in the United States and around the world. Notable companies, including American Airlines, Expedia, Kellogg’s, McDonald’s, Pepsi, and Publisher’s Clearing House, in addition to dedicated sweepstakes sites and aggregators, all have well-established and long-standing sweepstakes promotions. Is Fliff Legal? Yes. Fliff is a leading social sportsbook platform. Social sportsbook, like social casino, differs from gambling, as it is a freemium play-for-fun form of entertainment. Fliff also uses promotional games and loyalty rewards to allow our customers to acquire prizes and gift cards through gameplay with no purchase necessary ever being necessary. Fliff is partnered with trusted, industry-leading payments gateways to allow for the secure redemption of Fliff Cash. We are in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all jurisdictions where we operate. Do I need to verify my identity to use Fliff? Yes. Like other responsible gaming platforms, every customer on Fliff must verify their identity prior to making any purchase or redeeming a prize. Our identity verification process is automated and performed securely by our partners at Persona. As part of that process, at a minimum, each customer is required to validate their identity through submission of their social security number and address, and must submit a photo of their valid, government-issued ID with a live selfie photo that matches the submitted photo ID. Additional documentation may be required depending on the value of the prizes won. How do I deposit to my Fliff wallet? You cannot deposit funds into your Fliff wallet. We are not a real money gaming operator, which typically has cash deposits and withdrawals. We are a social sportsbook with a dual currency format – Fliff Coins to play for fun and Fliff Cash to participate in our promotional games. Both currencies can be claimed free of charge, but only Fliff Coins can be purchased. Fliff Cash can be obtained promotionally and with the purchase of select Fliff Coin packages, as well as via multiple other alternative methods, which are detailed in our Sweepstakes Rules. Does Fliff have customer service? Our customer support team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to answer your questions and concerns. Each time you submit a new inquiry, a ticket is generated and our responses will be in reply to the open ticket. Response times may vary depending on the total number of inquiries our support team is fielding, but we promise to reply promptly and as soon as feasibly possible. Opening multiple tickets for the same inquiry will not result in faster response times. Available on mobile. Coming soon to desktop Home About Careers Contact Social Gaming Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fliff Cash Sweepstakes Streaks Rules Sports Prediction Rules Responsible Social Gaming Help Center Media Inquiries *The sweepstakes accessible via the Fliff app is solely sponsored and administered by Fliff, Inc. Apple is not a sponsor of, affiliated with, or responsible for conducting, the sweepstakes. © Copyright 2025, Fliff Inc. All rights reserved.