Incentivize Conversions Without the Margin Hit How it Works Pricing & ROI Calculator Login Book a Demo Incentivize Conversions Without the Margin Hit CashBack helps you convert more and protect your profit margins. Customers choose how and when to redeem so you only pay out for incentives when they truly count. And with built-in A/B testing, you can scale with confidence. Book a Demo Incentives work, but they can quickly get out of control Without an intentional strategy behind your incentives, you can get stuck in a cycle of giving away more margin than necessary. It’s time to break out of the cycle and try CashBack when you see: Coupon code fatigue or leakage Margin pressure due to rising COGS Stagnant list growth Create a healthier incentive strategy with CashBack Drive more conversions with bigger incentives Unlike coupon codes that cut into your profits every use, CashBack allows you to offer high-value incentives that motivate order and list conversions while protecting your margins. Let customers choose their own reward After placing an order, customers choose the reward that matters most—store credit or a prepaid award card. Giving them the choice boosts conversions and keeps profits in your pocket. Customers get rewarded when it matters, and you make more money more efficiently. Built-in A/B testing so you can scale with confidence A/B testing is core to how CashBack works so it can earn its place in your incentive strategy and measure impact before ever scaling. Learn more See CashBack in action Scroll through real popup A/B tests to see how CashBack outperforms coupons in welcome offers. Book a Demo Growth you can measure. Profit you can keep. +31% SMS / Email Signups +5% Contribution Margin +20% Lift in Welcome Series Revenue Easily integrates with your existing tech stack CashBack integrates seamlessly with your email and SMS providers. It’s enabled by a simple UTM — so you can attach it to any link in a message, popup, ad, or influencer campaign in seconds. Ridge dramatically increased SMS and email opt-in rates using CashBack +44% lift in SMS opt-ins +39% lift in email opt-ins +37% lift in welcome series revenue “We recently tested CashBack and ended up dramatically increasing opt-in rates. But because it was a stronger offer, we also increased the open rate, click through rate, and conversion rate. We ended up seeing all of these downstream effects of just having a stronger offer to begin with. And it ended up dramatically outperforming us just using a 10% discount.” Connor MacDonald CMO Ready to put CashBack to the test? Fill out the form to get in touch with our team, and they’ll show you everything our CashBack by Fondue solution has to offer—and how easy it is to start with a risk-free trial. Fondue is a Postscript company — built and run by the same team behind the leading SMS platform trusted by 20,000+ Shopify brands. Getting Started Login Install on Shopify Resources Help Center How It Works Pricing & ROI Calculator FAQs Company Careers Partner Program Terms Fondue Reward Program Terms Privacy Policy DPA Prepaid Award Cardholder Agreement Terms of Service Getting Started Login Install on Shopify Resources Help Center How It Works Pricing & ROI Calculator FAQs Company Careers Partner Program Terms Fondue Reward Program Terms Privacy Policy DPA Prepaid Award Cardholder Agreement Terms of Service © Copyright 2025 Postscript. All Rights Reserved.