Home - Flex | Pay Rent On Your Own Schedule You can now split your rent wherever you live. Learn more You can now split your rent wherever you live. Learn more For Renters Rent Split into two smaller payments Move-in Pay online in full or over time For Properties Flex for properties Learn how Flex drives property growth Request a demo See Flex in action in just 10 min Integration partners See how Flex works with your PMS Partner resources Get industry insights on flexible payments About Mission A simpler, smarter way to pay Testimonials Hear from real Flex users Education Insights, trends, and news for renters Careers Join the Flex team Help For Renters Rent Split into two smaller payments Move-in Pay online in full or over time For Properties Flex for properties Learn how Flex drives property growth Request a demo See Flex in action in just 10 min Integration partners See how Flex works with your PMS Partner resources Get industry insights on flexible payments About Mission A simpler, smarter way to pay Testimonials Hear from real Flex users Education Insights, trends, and news for renters Careers Join the Flex team Help Start now Pay rent your way Split your rent into smaller more manageable payments that fit your budget—and your life. Get started Pay rent your way Split your rent into smaller more manageable payments that fit your budget—and your life. Get started Stretch your cash further with flexible Rent Learn how it works Easier on your budget Pay part of your rent upfront and the rest later in the month when it works best for you. Helps you pay rent on time Breathe easy knowing your full rent is paid when it’s due—even if you don’t have all the funds. Builds your credit history Your on-time monthly rent payments can help build your financial future. Easier on your budget Pay part of your rent upfront and the rest later in the month when it works best for you. Helps you pay rent on time Breathe easy knowing your full rent is covered on time—even if your paycheck hasn’t hit yet. Builds your credit history Your on-time monthly rent payments can help build your financial future. Easier on your budget Pay part of your rent upfront and the rest later in the month when it works best for you. Helps you pay rent on time Breathe easy knowing your full rent is covered on time—even if your paycheck hasn’t hit yet. Builds your credit history Your on-time monthly rent payments can help build your financial future. Easier on your budget Pay part of your rent upfront and the rest later in the month when it works best for you. Helps you pay rent on time Breathe easy knowing your full rent is covered on time—even if your paycheck hasn’t hit yet. Builds your credit history Your on-time monthly rent payments can help build your financial future. Early access only Pay move-in costs over time Moving shouldn’t drain your savings. Get more time to pay security deposit, prorated rent and other one-time fees. Learn more Flex helps people breathe easier 92% of responding members feel their overall financial health improved.* Budget saver Cash flow is king — Flex allowed me to get my budget under control and get off the teeter totter. I’ve been able to start putting money away without an increase in income just by stabilizing my monthly cash flow — thank you Flex. Michael Barrow Flex has made paying rent exciting, and it looks nice too. That’s why I chose to use Flex. It’s building credit on something I believe we should already be able to build credit on in the first place. Elaine Ma Life Saver Having a job that doesn’t pay every two weeks makes paying bills more difficult than it has to be. Flex has literally been a life saver. Being able to pay rent in two parts has freed up much-needed finances and allowed me to become current on so many bills. Tyler Rojas Great for building credit and managing funds Great! I find this very convenient to help with building credit while doing something you do every month- pay rent. I also love the fact that I can split my payments up in two payments. 10/10! Malcolm Gordon Great app, great place when you need a little help Flex has helped my family through a difficult time with flexible rent options and helped us get back on track. If you’re hesitant about Flex, give them a try. You will be glad and relieved you did! Brooke Salazar Life saver for inflation My rent has gone up like crazy but my salary hasn’t. Flex has helped me manage my finances so I’m not stressing the first two weeks of the month. So thankful I found this app. Lara Laine Trusted by over a million renters We take that trust seriously. Your data is protected with bank-level encryption and we follow strict financial regulations to keep your information safe. If you ever need support—we’re here for you. Over 12.7 million On-time rent payments on behalf of users. 4.8 App Store rating (217k+ reviews) Flex for properties Over $17 billion in rent has been paid on time through Flex. See how Flex helps properties retain residents and collect on-time payments. Learn more Flex for properties Over $17 billion in rent has been paid on time through Flex. See how Flex helps properties retain residents and collect on-time payments. Learn more About Rent Move-in Properties Mission Testimonials Careers Rent Move-in Properties Mission Testimonials Careers Resources Education Press Inquiries Policies Privacy Policy Privacy Notice Partner Privacy Notice Education Press Inquiries Policies Privacy Policy Privacy Notice Partner Privacy Notice Support Help Center Help Center Follow Instagram Linkedin-in Tiktok © 2025 Flexible Finance Inc. Your Privacy Choices California, Minnesota, and Oregon Privacy Requests Flexible Finance, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (“Flex”), is a financial technology company, not a bank. All loans, banking services, and payment transmissions are offered by Lead Bank or Column N.A., Member FDIC. An application and credit assessment are required. Unsecured lines of credit for Flex Rent are provided for a recurring monthly membership fee up to $14.99; membership automatically renews until canceled. A bill payment fee of 1% of your total rent amount is also charged (an additional 2.5% processing fee applies when using a credit card). Term loans for Flex Move-in are provided at 16.95%-23.84% annual percentage rate (APR) based on state of residence, loan duration, and other relevant factors. A bill payment fee of 1% of your initial payment amount is also charged. Term loans are currently only available to eligible customers in certain states.Other third party fees may apply. See your offer for more details. Positive rent payment history and information about your loan may be reported to one or more national credit bureaus. All loan amounts vary based on eligibility. Any graphics are for illustrative purposes only. Terms and conditions apply. All loan proceeds are disbursed by Lead Bank or Column N.A., Member FDIC; neither Flex nor any of its subsidiaries disburse loan proceeds or engage in the movement of consumer funds. Brokering activities are performed by Flexible Finance Brokering, Inc. Servicing and collection activities are performed by Flexible Finance Servicing, Inc. Licenses Flexible Finance Brokering, Inc., Nationwide Multistate Licensing System (“NMLS”) ID #2599800 Flexible Finance Servicing, Inc., NMLS ID #2256673 Please refer to NMLS Consumer Access for information on our licenses Vermont Residents: THIS IS A LOAN SOLICITATION ONLY. FLEXIBLE FINANCE BROKERING, INC. IS NOT THE LENDER. INFORMATION RECEIVED WILL BE SHARED WITH ONE OR MORE THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR LOAN INQUIRY. THE LENDER MAY NOT BE SUBJECT TO ALL VERMONT LENDING LAWS. THE LENDER MAY BE SUBJECT TO FEDERAL LENDING LAWS. All product names, logos, brands, and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement. For Renters Rent Move-in For Properties Flex for properties Request a demo Integration partners Partner resources About Mission Testimonials Education Careers Help Start now