Get rewarded for the internet you don't use ™ Download Learn Open Dashboard Get rewarded for the internet you don’t use Grass turns your unused internet into rewards automatically. Download Grass Trusted by over 8.5M users worldwide grass works in the background of your life while you Earn Rewards . Why It Matters You pay for internet every month. But most of it goes unused, doing nothing for you. Grass puts the unused part of your connection to work, and turns it into rewards. It's a resource you've always had. Now it works for you. How It Works Learn More In just three clicks, you can install the app and automatically earn by sharing the unused part of your internet connection with verified institutions. Your participation is tracked through Grass Points, which help determine how many Grass Token rewards you receive over time. Grass cannot see your personal data or online activity — only the unused part of your connection is ever shared. Why People Trust It Privacy Security Control You are in control. Grass is made for you to share your unused bandwidth, nothing more. With Grass, no one, not even us, can access your private information or view your personal online activity. Regularly audited and constantly monitored, Grass is recognized as safe to use by all of the leading antivirus providers. Grass is built with your privacy in mind and designed to stay out of your way. Learn More Earn Points. Get Rewarded Keep your device online or refer friends and earn points every step of the way! Learn More About Points How to Get Started 1 Download the Grass App Get the app to start earning. Log in and let Grass do the rest Download Grass 2 Create an account Sign into your Grass account to start earning rewards 3 Earn Earn rewards for sharing your unused internet Now You're Getting Real Value From a Resource You Didn't Know You Had Download The App Now! Start earning rewards just by sharing your internet. Download Grass Frequently Asked Questions What is Grass? Grass is a network of millions of people who are earning rewards for sharing unused internet bandwidth with the Grass network. Your participation in the Grass network represents your contribution to building a more equitable internet and provides you with the opportunity to own a part of the Grass network. Since everyone already pays for Internet, why not put your idle connection to work? How does Grass work? With just three clicks, Grass lets you take control of your internet and earn rewards by sharing your unused internet bandwidth with the network. Grass allows verified institutions to use your bandwidth to support their online services, while your contributions are tracked as Grass Points. These points, along with factors like how your bandwidth is used and your location, help determine the Grass Tokens you may receive. Grass makes the Internet a place where everyone benefits — companies and users alike. Rest assured, your personal data is not accessible to Grass or anyone else. What are Grass Points? Grass Points track your contributions to the Grass Network. They come in two forms: Uptime Points , earned for staying connected and bringing others into the network through referrals. Network Points , earned when your internet connection is actively used to handle traffic. Together, Grass Points track your participation in and contributions to the Grass Network and are one of the factors used to calculate the Grass Tokens you may receive in future distributions. To learn more about Grass Points check out this blog . What are Grass Tokens? Grass Tokens are the rewards you earn for sharing your unused internet bandwidth with the Grass network. They reflect your participation and contribution to building the network, giving you a way to own a part of the infrastructure you help power. By participating, you’re not just earning rewards, you’re playing an essential role in powering internet infrastructure. Your unused bandwidth supports live data access for real-world applications. When and How are Grass Tokens Awarded? Grass Tokens will be rewarded via airdrop at intervals that are determined by the Grass Foundation. The first airdrop of Grass Tokens occurred on October 28, 2024, during which 100,000,000 tokens were airdropped to more than 2,000,000* Grass users. Users who were eligible to receive Grass Tokens in the initial airdrop and who did not participate as a result of not submitting their public wallet address before the airdrop deadline, will be given the opportunity to participate in future airdrops of Grass Tokens. *Statistics accurate as of December 6th, 2024. Who can receive Grass Tokens? You may not currently be eligible to receive Grass Tokens if you live in a jurisdiction that is subject to sanctions or significant regulatory risk. A list of relevant jurisdictions that are not currently eligible is available here . For users in the United States and Canada, the Grass Foundation will make payouts available soon. Have more questions? Check out our full FAQ . Browse our latest news Learn More You're already paying for internet. Get something back for it. Download Grass Today Download Grass ™ Home Learn FAQ Media Kit Documentation Member Of Certified By © 2025 Grass OpCo Ltd. All trademarks used on this website are the property of Grass OpCo Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy General Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Cookie Settings