Grav - A Modern Flat-File CMS | Grav CMS Tour Features Blog Downloads About Forum Learn 5,772 15,341 2,996 Why Grav Easy Developers Features Pros Community Limitless Built We're nearly at 15K GitHub ⭐️s, let's get over that line! !!! Tour Features Blog Downloads About Forum Learn 5,772 15,341 2,996 Build Faster Websites Grav is a modern open source flat-file CMS Download Grav Stable Version 1.7.49.5 NEW! updated 2 months ago • Changelog Beta Version 1.8.0-beta.29 updated 4 days ago Why Choose Grav? Voted "Best Open Source CMS" in 2016 Voted "Best Flat File CMS" in 2017, 2019, 2020 & 2021! Fast Performance is not just an afterthought, we baked it in from the start Extensible Grav has a powerful API and sophisticated Package Manager to make it super flexible Open Source Grav is Open Source, and all the code is available on GitHub.com Super Easy to Use The Grav admin plugin provides a simple and intuitive interface to make configuration and content creation easy and enjoyable. Get Admin Plugin The Grav Admin dashboard provides a quick glance at your site state Easily modify Grav's flexible configuration settings with its advanced forms Editing content is a breeze with Grav's powerful markdown editor Changing your administrator information is quick and easy Grav has a built in package manager with one-click install for plugins You can also install a wide range of modern themes with one-click be a hero developer Packed to the gills with amazing features and tools, coupled with heaps of detailed documentation, Grav will make you look like a hero developer! Read the Documentation a bevy of features Enjoyable Content Creation Use your favorite Markdown editor to create your content online or offline One-Click Installs The built-in Package Manager lets you to find, install, and easily update extensions and themes for Grav Stellar Performance Grav intelligently caches content to deliver great performance, regardless of hosting Powerful Content Filtering Create unlimited taxonomies such as tags, categories, and authors to filter and manage your content Dynamic Content Types The flat-file nature of Grav lets you define custom fields for any of your pages, including modular content Multi-Language Support A simple mechanism for presenting sites in multiple languages is built into Grav Simple Backups and Restores Being file based means backing up and restoring your data is super easy, and changing hosts/servers is a breeze! Image Media Processing Dynamic image manipulation to resize, crop, resample, and effects all with automatic caching of images Easy Theme Customization No need to start from scratch, use Theme Inheritance and then modify the bits you need, allowing for easier update Discover all features The Grav Professionals Trilby Media is a development company you can turn to for help with your Grav site.  Trilby offers a variety of professional services and is run by the same team that built Grav in the first place! Grav consulting services Custom Grav plugin development Custom Grav theme development Existing Grav plugin and theme customization Porting to Grav from other platforms Grav site design and development Contact Trilby Media Community Driven Grav is an open source project hosted on GitHub , originated by Trilby Media but made possible by an outstanding community of dedicated developers and users.  The Grav community contributes and shares their knowledge and experiences on our GitHub repository , GetGrav Forums , and our Discord chat server . GitHub Forums Discord Grav is proudly part of the Open Collective family. You can now support the community and keep development going strong by becoming a backer or a sponsor. Sponsor / Support Grav There are no limits! From simple to sophisticated, Grav has the flexibility to power all sorts of websites.
Flexible content structure and powerful Twig templating allow easy realization of any design. Blogs Business Sites Directory Documentation Landing Pages Portfolios Product Sites Personal Resumes E-Commerce See Skeletons Built with Grav Grav is a highly versatile platform.  Give your creativity wings and Grav will set you free! Timo Volz Fotodesign timovolz.de View more California State University mba.csumb.edu/ View more Presciense presciense.com View more Wondrous Digital Agency wearewondrous.com View more Slidecraft slidecraft.com View more SEE saveourplanet.org View more CreMonte www.cremonte.me View more Olaf Brickarp yay.se View more Klavierduo Eckerle http://klavierduo-eckerle.de View more Gantry Framework gantry.org View more Paul Massendari paulmassendari.com View more Sequence Break sqncbrk.com View more Newtquest Games newtquestgames.com View more reBuy tech.rebuy.com View more Drayton Partners draytonpartners.com View more Milk River Outfitters milkriveroutfitters.com View more Hagstrom Builder hagstrombuilder.com View more What people are saying Still need convincing? Check out what people are saying about Grav.  If you have any thoughts or questions, please reach out and ask us. Parker Agee @parkeragee Fell in love with the @getgrav and @snipcart combo tonight. Extremely fast set up and works like a charm. Daniel Kao @diplateevo @getgrav Just might be one of the biggest game changers in web CMSs. Ryan Little @ryantereu Only just began using @getgrav as a cms, but their documentation alone is swoon-worthy: friendly, thorough, well-designed. Faisal Khan @babushka99 Grav is my new love. So uber-smooth, exceptionally fast and just the right amounts of knobs and switches! @getgrav Casey Grzecka @z3cka Grav is legit! I'm ready to leave Drupal in the dust of complexity. Vitor Costa @vmcosta I've just found the best flat file CMS, finally… @getgrav amazing work guys, nicely done, and yes I hate databases too ;) Richard Allen @pmrourkie Absolutely loving @getgrav. Simple, powerful and very fast! Mike Wink @mikewink Ohh how I love deployments in Grav (@getgrav)! Everything is a .md or .yaml file, no hassle with DBs or other content silos. Steven Lain @stevenjlain just installed grav & it is such a pleasure to use. Hats off to the grav team. I look forward to using grav on many, many projects! Paul Orwig @porwig If you haven't taken a look at @getgrav, you should! Many good ideas, thoughtfully implemented. Great work, @rhuk! Reach Content @reachcontent Getting to know @getgrav you'll want to nominate it as Best New Harley Hicks @harlshicks @getgrav is bringing back my joy for web development and design. So easy to get up and running, and all the puzzle pieces fit so well. Dayle Rees @daylerees I've just had a play, and it's honestly VERY good. Only a few SF2 components too so it's FAST. Air Petr @air_petr @getgrav Thank you for Grav!!! Dived in for last few days. It's realy spellbinding! Serge K. Keller @citizenk You know, @getgrav may finally be a CMS that does not weight me down for projects I love. And yes, the pun was definitely intended. David Easton @dweebvid Was developing around Wordpress,I wanted to tone down the over-complexity for my needs. I found a flat-file cms called @getGrav and it rocks Noah Betzen @nezteb [Grav] is by far the best CMS I've ever had the privilege of using. @getgrav Yahya Zini @YahyaZini A shout out to the @getgrav team for creating such a great David Blum @dblO_Om @rhuk I just read the complete @getgrav documentation. It is so well written and styled, it's a pleasure. Brilliant! John Williams @thudfactor The CMS from @getgrav continues to impress. "What do I need to do to implement open graph metadata? Oh… nothing." Jozef Maxted @jozefmaxted Played around with @getgrav this evening and I'm impressed. Super simple page creation and theming, flexible workflow, just nice to use! Bryan Ollendyke @btopro 30 seconds after installing @getgrav impression: this is a wordpress killer and we need a site factory for it in @elmsln for portfolios Denis Duvauchelle @desduvauchelle Loving @getgrav over wordpress. If you are developer, you're probably going to fall for it.  If your not, you'll probably like it as well. Stephen Foster @s_r_foster @getgrav Your CMS is the BEST.  I was able to make my site in no time flat: http://stephenfoster.us Scott Edgar @thesneakybandit Just started learning a new CMS. Ok, learnt it. Brilliantly simple stuff from @getgrav. Bison @bison_42 everyone should know that there is http://getgrav.org  out there a flat-file CMS that does not suck it's awesome! follow @getgrav Download Grav Never miss a thing, sign up to the Grav mailing list Subscribe Grav was with by Trilby Media Contact the Grav Team About Grav Grav Media Information Grav News Feed Crazy Fast Cloudways Managed Hosting - monitoring by Pingometer Copyright @2025 - Grav CMS - All rights reserved - Grav is released under the MIT license Turbo-charge your Grav site - from the creators of Grav Learn about Premium