Keepsafe: Simple Privacy Apps for iPhone & Android Home About Blog Press Careers Home Products About Blog Press Careers Be yourself We put your privacy first to make space for the real you. View on App Store View on Google Play Play video Simple security Protect what matters most. Keep photos, apps and browsing private. Play video Close Keepsafe Photo Vault Backs up private pictures and videos View on App Store View on Google Play Learn more Keepsafe 75 million people trust our mobile apps to protect privacy and give them peace of mind. Best photo storage app I have a lot of photos on my camera roll of text convos with me and my boyfriend plus a few photos with him and I didn’t like the fact that someone could see them. So when I discovered Keepsafe, it was a lifesaver. Photo Vault TheRainbowTurtle🐢🌈🦄  | August 21, 2018 A must have! I've been using Keepsafe for over a year now to protect those photos I might not want everybody seeing, and now, I've subscribed to the premium, and I love it. It was so worth it. It has good features and amazing quality. I highly recommend it. Photo Vault | June 12, 2018 KeepSafe is AWESOME Love it. I can find what I need in an instant and I can be discreet with my private photos without any prying eyes 😉 Photo Vault | May 7, 2018 It’s All About Trust.. It’s all about trust for me. I have to trust who has my photos, and that they are SAFE. I have both with Keepsafe. Photo Vault carjames52 | January 30, 2018 Fantastic App - worth the $ THIS app automatically backs up and stores your photos on their cloud which is fantastic. It's also super user friendly. Definitely 5 stars! Photo Vault hlaibach | January 6, 2018 Safe, Secure Protected Family Treasures. Just awesome to feel secure with family photos / videos and one of a kind memories. I am very thankful for this app. Photo Vault Justhvnfn | December 19, 2017 Keepsafe Best app out there for keeping photos private as well as important documents safe. You can share with who you like. Best app ever for privacy. Photo Vault Rm30458 | June 20, 2017 Best App I have medical insurance cards and other important documents I need regularly but wish to keep them safe at home. Keepsafe allows me to carry important info and keep it safe. Photo Vault Señora Foster | May 4, 2017 Never Turning This Off This app is incredible!..I’ve never been able to figure out VPN on my computer, but now I have it on my phone by just pressing a button!!...I recommend turning on auto-connect if (like me) you easily forget things... VPN Sushi awesome | October 13, 2017 Awesome App My experience with this app has been amazing! The app is very easy to navigate which is very important. It is like having a secondary phone and provides amazing features. Unlisted viethoangeng1998 | September 9, 2017 Previous Next Skip to section 1 Skip to section 2 Skip to section 3 Skip to section 4 Swipe This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies described in our Cookie Notice . Keepsafe is serious about protecting your privacy. Learn more about our philosophy . OK © 2025Keepsafe Software, Inc Product Photo Vault Company About Careers Team Press Policies Policies Principles Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Blog Open Source Support Research