MaintainX - AI-Powered Maintenance and Asset Management Platform NEW MaintainX wins 2025 Deloitte Technology Fast 500™ award. Learn More Alert Beware of fraudulent recruiting activities impersonating MaintainX. Learn More Copy logo as SVG See media kit Product Overview Expert Implementation Get up and running quickly. CMMS Empower your workforce. Enterprise Asset Management Manage, track, and analyze your assets. AI-Powered Maintenance Boost productivity, reduce manual work. Integrations Marketplace Connect your entire toolset. USE CASES Asset Management Reduce downtime and improve reliability. Work Order Management Create, assign, and track work. Parts Inventory Management Manage inventory and stock. Industrial Controls and IoT Collect and act on real-time asset data. Checklists and Inspections Ensure safety and regulatory compliance. Reporting Turn data into cost-saving insights. Facility Maintenance Complete maintenance work on time. Resource Planning Streamline scheduling and labor. Preventive Maintenance Schedule and track repeatable tasks. Vendor Management Centralize contractors and vendors. Featured New: State of Industrial Maintenance Explore Now: Asset Hub Contact sales: (888) 451-5787 Industries MANUFACTURING General Manufacturing Building Materials Food and Beverage Chemicals Plastics Automotive other industries Retail Distribution Centers Facility Management Farming & Agriculture Upstream Oil & Gas Mining Property Management Fleet Maintenance Hospitality Featured Case Study Customer Community Contact sales: (888) 451-5787 Enterprise Pricing Resources Learn Resource Center Access industry-specific content. Case Studies Client experiences with MaintainX. Webinars Live and on-demand sessions. Blog Updates from the MaintainX Team. Learning Center Build your CMMS and EAM expertise. Community Learn from your peers. More resources ROI Calculator Understand the value of MaintainX. API Documentation Connect your entire operation with our open API. Academy On-demand lessons and certifications for customers. Featured The Wrench Factor: Listen Now Help Help Center Implementation Contact Contact sales: (888) 451-5787 Log In Sign Up Book a Tour Book a Tour English English Spanish French (Standard) Portuguese Contact sales: (888) 451-5787 Contact sales: (888) 451-5787 Sign Up Bring unplanned equipment downtime to zero Transform your operations with AI-powered maintenance and asset management software—built for the industrial frontline. Sign up for Free Book a Tour No credit card required. Work Orders Preventive Maintenance Reporting Asset Management Checklists & Inspections Parts Inventory Plan and execute work easily Create, assign, and track work orders across all sites. Guide your frontline teams with AI-powered suggestions and insights to keep every job running smoothly. Learn More Reduce unplanned downtime with intelligent maintenance Get ahead of breakdowns with automated preventive and predictive maintenance, made smarter with AI. Schedule PMs, trigger condition-based work, and identify data anomalies—before they take your line down. Learn More Turn your data into cost-saving insights Drive continuous improvement at scale with customizable dashboards and out-of-the-box reports. ‍ AI-powered reporting Describe what you need, and MaintainX AI will find the data, generate charts, and uncover insights—all using natural language. Learn More Produce more by keeping equipment online Increase asset availability with equipment health and reliability insights. Identify root causes faster, extend asset life, and make smarter, data-driven decisions to boost efficiency and reduce costs with AI-powered insights. Learn More Reduce risk of regulatory fines and shutdowns Ensure everyone follows the right safety and operating procedures, every time. Use AI to digitize your maintenance operations, so you can enforce safety guidelines and compliance standards across all of your sites. Learn More Eliminate parts shortages and overspending Monitor your parts inventory, get alerts when stocks run low, and automate re-orders to keep critical parts on the shelf. Use MaintainX AI to predict upcoming parts needs. Learn More Work Orders Preventive Maintenance Reporting Asset Management Checklists & Inspections Parts Inventory Plan and execute work easily Create, assign, and track work orders across all sites. Guide your frontline teams with AI-powered suggestions and insights to keep every job running smoothly. Learn More Start Tour Reduce unplanned downtime with intelligent maintenance Get ahead of breakdowns with automated preventive and predictive maintenance, made smarter with AI. Schedule PMs, trigger condition-based work, and identify data anomalies—before they take your line down. Learn More Start Tour Turn your data into cost-saving insights Drive continuous improvement at scale with customizable dashboards and out-of-the-box reports. ‍ AI-powered reporting Describe what you need, and MaintainX AI will find the data, generate charts, and uncover insights—all using natural language. Learn More Produce more by keeping equipment online Increase asset availability with equipment health and reliability insights. Identify root causes faster, extend asset life, and make smarter, data-driven decisions to boost efficiency and reduce costs with AI-powered insights. Learn More Reduce risk of regulatory fines and shutdowns Ensure everyone follows the right safety and operating procedures, every time. Use AI to digitize your maintenance operations, so you can enforce safety guidelines and compliance standards across all of your sites. Learn More Eliminate parts shortages and overspending Monitor your parts inventory, get alerts when stocks run low, and automate re-orders to keep critical parts on the shelf. Use MaintainX AI to predict upcoming parts needs. Learn More Technician-loved usability with enterprise-grade AI Text Link Text Link Text Link Text Link Troubleshoot equipment faster Deliver real-time repair assistance in the field, 24/7. MaintainX AI highlights likely questions, suggests relevant procedures, and surfaces insights based on where a user is in the work order. Learn More Turn tribal knowledge into shared expertise Make work more efficient by capturing and sharing access to critical knowledge. Trained on your asset manuals and work order history, MaintainX AI helps every technician operate like a seasoned pro. Learn More Improve labor utilization Optimize capacity planning and get the most out of your frontline teams. For recurring work, MaintainX AI estimates job time from work order history—making scheduling easier and overbooking less likely. Learn More Detect anomalies before breakdowns Stay ahead with anomaly and early fault detection. MaintainX AI can flag equipment behavior that deviates from expected patterns and alert your team for an immediate inspection. Learn More Secure, scalable, and built for global operations Increase asset availability with enterprise-ready solutions for your business. Learn More Custom User Permissions MaintainX gives you control over how your users access the platform. Multi-Site Management & Reporting Centralize your data to make operational improvements. IoT Sensors Automate your work order triggers based on real-time usage data. Unified Data Model Consolidate work orders, parts, and asset performance data to power AI solutions. Integrate critical workflows Unleash more power from your data by connecting MaintainX to any system. View All Integrations View All Integrations More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More More Couldn’t find your integration? Our team is happy to build it for you! Let us know what you need. Contact Us Leading enterprises rely on MaintainX "I have five inspectors working on a problem right now, collecting data, and all I hear is how much easier, faster, and more user-friendly MaintainX is compared to what they did before." Jorge Pinzon Senior Reliability Manager, Titan America Read Case Study 30% Decrease in unplanned downtime “With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.”“With MaintainX, you can go from fighting fires to feeling calm. It’s good for your life and good for your business too.” This is some text inside of a div block. This is some text inside of a div block. Read Case Study 33% Reduction in unplanned downtime "Since adopting MaintainX, we haven't had any of our networking equipment go down due to anything preventable. It’s hard to quantify exactly how much of an improvement it’s been." Ellis Jenné Maas Systems Project Coordinator Read Case Study 30% Improvement in maintenance efficiency "Moving to MaintainX was one of the smoothest integrations I've ever seen in my career." Jarrod Kipp North America Product Supply Process Transformation Manager Read Case Study $50K+ Saved on parts inventory costs per site "I have five inspectors working on a problem right now, collecting data, and all I hear is how much easier, faster, and more user-friendly MaintainX is compared to what they did before." Jorge Pinzon Senior Reliability Manager, Titan America Read Case Study 30% Decrease in unplanned downtime 2025 LEADER Award-winning software you can trust Not convinced? Learn why thousands of organizations trust MaintainX to digitize and transform their asset maintenance and frontline-worker operations 50 Get more done with MaintainX Sign up for Free Book a Tour MAINTAINX CMMS Enterprise Asset Management Integrations Marketplace Enterprise Pricing Interactive Tours Request Demo COMPARE MaintainX vs Limble MaintainX vs UpKeep MaintainX vs Maximo MaintainX vs Fiix MaintainX vs eMaint MaintainX vs Tractian COMPARE vs Limble vs UpKeep vs Maximo vs Fiix vs eMaint vs Tractian PRODUCT Asset Management Work Order Management Parts Inventory Management Checklists and Inspections Facility Maintenance Preventive Maintenance AI-Powered Maintenance Industrial Controls and IoT Work Request Management Resource Planning Vendor Management Reporting Industries Manufacturing Overview Building Materials Chemicals Plastics Automotive Food and Beverage Farming & Agriculture Upstream Oil & Gas Mining Retail Distribution Center Facility Management Property Management Fleet Maintenance Hospitality Resources Case Studies Help Center Implementation Resource Center Blog Webinars Learning Center Academy Community ROI Calculator API Documentation Asset Hub Asset Connect for OEMs Procedure Hub Contact Company About us Careers Partnerships Students Newsroom Trust Center Security Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Policy Password Policy Cookie Policy Acceptable Use Policy GDPR English English Spanish French (Standard) Portuguese © 2025 MaintainX. All rights reserved. MaintainX® is a registered trademark of MaintainX Inc. Terms & Conditions linkedin X facebook instagram youtube youtube youtube