Home | Monero - secure, private, untraceable Get Started What is Monero? Accepting Contributing Mining FAQ Downloads Blog Community Workgroups Hangouts Sponsorships Merchants & Exchanges Resources About Roadmap Research Lab Moneropedia User Guides Developer Guides Tools Library Press Kit Community Crowdfunding Vulnerability Response Community Crowdfunding Vulnerability Response English Español Italiano Polski Français العربية Русский Deutsch Nederlands Português do Brasil Türkçe 简体中文 繁體中文 臺灣 Norsk ελληνική Get Started What is Monero? Accepting Contributing Mining FAQ Downloads Blog Community Workgroups Hangouts Sponsorships Merchants & Exchanges Resources About Roadmap Research Lab Moneropedia User Guides Developer Guides Tools Library Press Kit English Español Italiano Polski Français العربية Русский Deutsch Nederlands Português do Brasil Türkçe 简体中文 繁體中文 臺灣 Norsk ελληνική Looking for more explanatory videos? Monero Means Money Private, decentralized cryptocurrency that keeps your finances confidential and secure. About Monero Join Community Choose a Wallet To use Monero, the first thing you are going to need is a wallet. Visit our Downloads page and get the right wallet for you. The Monero wallets are available for a variety of platforms and contain everything you need to use Monero immediately. Downloads Get Some Coins After you install a wallet, you need to get some Monero. There are multiple ways to acquire some coins to spend, like mining or working in exchange for Monero, but the easiest way is to use an exchange and convert your fiat money into XMR. Many exchanges, centralized and decentralized, list Monero (XMR). Exchanges It's a Currency; Use It! Monero is a currency and can be exchanged for goods, services and other currencies, privately and with very low fees. Many entities will gladly accept XMR for payments; take a look at our 'Merchants' page. Merchants Find Answers to Your Questions We've heard a lot of questions over the years and have compiled a thorough and varied FAQ. Don't worry, if your questions are not in there, you can always ask the community. FAQ Guides and Resources The community has put together a vast amount of resources and documentation. Users can find useful info and guides about common configurations and  tips in the 'User Guides' section. Developers can find everything they need to build a service based on Monero or simply communicate with the network  in the 'Developer Guides'. The Library offers publications and books downloadable for free, including the full 'Mastering Monero' and 'Zero to Monero' books. User Guides Developer Guides Library Moneropedia Would you like to look up the meanings of the terms and concepts used in Monero? Here you will find an alphabetical guide to terms and their meanings. Read Moneropedia Join Community We Need Your Skills: Contribute! Monero is not simply a currency, it's a decentralized community and exists only thanks to the hundreds of volunteers that dedicate their time to the project. Join us! Contributing Monero Research Lab (MRL) The MRL (Monero Research Lab) is a very important part of Monero. Researchers and cryptographers from all over the world meet to find new ways to improve Monero. Read their papers and join them! Visit the MRL Meet the community! The members of the Monero community are all over the world. You can find us on multiple platforms. Come meet us! Hangouts Resources About Monero Moneropedia Developer Guides User Guides Library Downloads Reach Out Workgroups Hangouts Mailing List Community Merchants & Exchanges Stack Exchange BitcoinTalk The Monero Project Open Alias Monero Research Lab (MRL) Press Kit Community Crowdfunding System Tor Onion service Legal Source Code Sitemap RSS Feed