AI Chat - Chat with top AI models from ChatGPT, Gemini Merlin Product Pricing Affiliate Teams Chat with Merlin Toggle theme Toggle theme Ideas are a chat away Ask Merlin Get Started for FREE Trusted by 2M+ users Install on all platforms Available in the Chrome Web Store GET IT ON Google Play Download on the App Store People across teams love Merlin for delivering $130 worth of value for just $19! Merlin Chrome Extension One-click answers in realtime Get context from wherever you are, and just ask with one click. Get the extension Don’t switch tabs. Just ask Summarize, search, repurpose and create content out of any website you visit. Search better and get answers at a glance. Avoid spending time going through each search result on Google. Instead, get a summary and ask for specific details. Add context with...anything Writing a contract or making a quiz? Just upload guidebooks or lecture PDFs, let Merlin learn from them and respond. Learn smart, not in a rush Spend time actively learning using video summaries and chat with the video, instead of rushing videos on 2x. NEW · Merlin Chat For those who build Research with realtime info, visualise insights and build products with words. Explore now Use your own knowledge to research With Projects, add any context, create reusable knowledge bases and query repeatedly for tailored responses. Turn words into infographics With Crafts, generate a variety of diagrams and interactive charts with just a prompt. Create working app snippets Prototype rapidly with React and Shadcn based app snippets and edit code on the fly. Use OpenAI o1 with realtime web Use chain-of-thought reasoning with realtime web sources to get a powerful research machine in your hands Merlin is my go-to AI assistant. It understands Chinese and helps with translations. A true multilingual gem! Liang Wei Liang Wei @ weiliang Available in 200+ countries Experience the best of AI with Merlin, even in regions where ChatGPT and other LLMs are restricted. Get Merlin AI 4.8 on Chrome Store 4.3 by AppSumo users Merlin Chrome Extension Stay social, not drained With Merlin’s Chrome Extension, be digitally present effortlessly. Engage, reach out and express better with the world. Start creating for free! Write mails effortlessly Compose mails with AI and generate replies in the context of the previous mail. Draft posts and replies on social media Generate with prompts and save them for repeated use. Engagement on top. Create content from videos Blogs, X posts, articles - you name it, from any YouTube video. Get the perfect poster image Generate images with 20+ image models and aspect ratios for web and social media. All top AI Models in one Instant access to latest models as soon as they’re live for FREE. o3, o4-mini and GPT 4.1 Claude 3.7 Sonnet with thinking DeepSeek R1 Gemini 2.5 Pro and Flash Mistral Large Llama 3.1 405B Grok 3 Hell yeah, I want this! Secure and customizable Build custom solutions that adapt to your context, knowledge or brand voice, with industry-leading security. Industry-grade data security GDPR, ISO 27001, AICPA SOC 2 certification for industry-standard data security. Make your own prompt library Automate generation of text, comments and posts with one click. Create custom bots String instructions, context and knowledge together to create custom chatbots. On all your devices Work with Merlin across all devices with synced history, access to your custom prompts and chatbots and all the great Merlin magic - effortlessly! Web app Chrome extension iOS app Android app Start using Merlin All that... and more Here’s everything Merlin has to offer. P.S. This list grows on every week! Brand voice content with custom knowledge bases Working app snippets, web code and components Flowcharts, mindmaps and 20+ infographic types Generate images with Flux 1.1 Pro Convert YouTube videos into posts and blogs Posts and comments on X and LinkedIn Solve STEM problems and puzzles with OpenAI o1 AI tools for academic, marketing and tech research One-click blog summaries Summarize and transcribe YouTube videos Your workflow, our magic Whether you’re a student, marketer, tech pro or even a founder, Merlin can make your life much easier at work. See how Merlin fits your workflow Students How do I nail my research assignments, ace my exams and learn effectively? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Summarize long lecture documents and videos into powerful learning aids with Merlin Extension • Create course bots for homework help and research with perfect citations using Merlin Projects • Use Merlin Tools for AI detection and humanising your submissions Marketers and creators How do I generate creative, SEO-friendly collateral suited to my brand voice over-and-over, effortlessly? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Use Merlin Projects to create knowledge bases that can be used for brand voice and content generation • Repurpose any kind of content on the web into SEO-friendly blogs, articles and copywriting • Write contextualised cold outreach mails and messages on X, LinkedIn and Gmail using Merlin Extension Entrepreneurs How do I brainstorm ideas effectively, communicate like a boss and 10x my productivity at work? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Maintain your flow state on the web by avoiding switching tabs for AI • Use Merlin Crafts to create mindmaps, graphs and 20+ diagrams to brainstorm like a pro • Get on top of communication and outreach woes with Merlin on Gmail, X and LinkedIn Developers How do I iterate on code effectively, debug with context and save time on creating boilerplate code components? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Use Merlin Projects to add your codebase documentation to Merlin's knowledge • Use Merlin Crafts to create web components, write and debug code with just a prompt • Select anything on the web and summon Merlin for added context on-the-fly Consultants and PMs How do I research in real-time, organise my research and visualise it effectively for presentations? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Use Live Search in tandem with websites and document sources to write precise, up-to-date reports • Create Merlin Projects with your research resources and chat with it for quick retrieval of information • Visualise with 20+ diagram types with just a prompt using Merlin Crafts Analysts How do I write accurate queries faster, analyse data without having to build dashboards and present my insights better? Hover to see how Merlin solves this • Use Merlin Extension on Google Sheets or your DB client to write queries on-the-fly • Upload XLS/CSV files into Merlin and ask for quick insights from the data • Use data as context and visualise with 20+ diagram types using Merlin Crafts Most valuable AI subscription ever Untrap yourself from thousands of tools with overlapping features. Other $ 130 per month for multiple tools Purchased individually Claude AI $30/m OpenAI $20/m Gemini Advanced $20/m Mistral AI $20/m Open source model hosting $40/m Merlin $ 19 per month billed annually Buy now Explore plans One purchase is all it takes. All data in one place 24x7 support at your service Great value for money Want to know more? Here’s a list of FAQs to help you get started! What is Merlin AI? Merlin is an AI Chrome Extension and web app that works as your AI-powered assistant, saving you time and money. It provides top AI models such as ChatGPT, GPT 4 , Claude, Deepseek V3, Opus, Llama, Mistral etc. to generate AI responses on Google Search, summaries for YouTube videos, blogs, documents (PDF or PPT), social media posts and replies to comments on LinkedIn, Twitter and Gmail. Merlin also translates into more than twenty-five languages. How does Merlin AI Chrome Extension work? Once installed as a Chrome Extension on the browser, you can open Merlin AI Chatbot on any website using the shortcut: Ctrl/⌘+M. On specific websites such as Twitter (now X), LinkedIn, YouTube and Gmail, you would find Merlin buttons for easy access. What is the difference between Merlin Teams and Merlin Pro plans? On Merlin Teams, you can buy a plan for your team of 5 or above and pay per team member. This means teams can save costs by distributing costs across users. Whereas Merlin Pro plans are ideal for individual users who prefer unlimited queries and don’t want to be limited in their daily use. Is Merlin AI free to use? Yes, Merlin AI is FREE and safe to use. All free users get 102 free queries credited to their account everyday. These queries can be used by the user to run multiple AI models such as  GPT 3.5, GPT 4, Claude , Opus, Mistral, Gemini etc. Merlin consume 30 queries when user ask Merlin anything using GPT 4, Gemini 1.5, Mistral large model whereas GPT 3.5, Gemini, Claude 3 Haiku etc. model consume only 1 query. Do I need ChatGPT or Claude or Gemini or Llama account? No, you will not need separate accounts to use top AI models such as ChatGPT or Claude or Mistral or Llama. You can create a free account at getmerlin.in and get access to all top models through a single account. Which search engine is supported by Merlin? Merlin currently supports Google, Baidu, Bing, DuckDuckGo, Yahoo, and Yandex. How do I install Merlin in my browser? To install Merlin on your browser, you will need to follow these steps: In your browser open the browser's app store or Google Chrome store Search for the Merlin extension in the chrome store Click on the 'Add to Browser' or 'Install' button to begin the installation process. Once the installation is complete, you will be redirected to our onboarding page That’s it! viola! You are done :) . Please pin the extension for easy access. What counts as a query in Merlin search? When you ask Merlin anything and click enter that's called one query.
If you are on the search engine like Google, Merlin gives response automatically and that does not count as a query, Merlin provides FREE searches on Google. How do I keep a track of my free queries? When you open Merlin using Ctrl/⌘+M, you will see your count of queries on the top left corner. Why Merlin is not opening after installation? Refresh only the tabs that were already open before installing merlin. But for the new tabs that you open here after installing of Merlin there no need to refresh. But as a good practice please do refresh if merlin doesn't come up or certain things are amiss! 1M+ and counting Love for Merlin is only growing multifold! What makes us your perfect AI partner? We function on high intelligence, integrity, and energy. 4.8 Chrome Store 4.3 AppSumo 4.3 Play Store 4.7 App Store The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user The Swiss Army Knife for research and writing Merlin is a welcome addition to anyone looking to simplify their research and writing process. I found the tool to be very user-friendly, fast, and reliable. PetePlus AppSumo user Highly recommended for educators, marketers, and small businesses This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Paige Battcher Merlin Pro user 5 STAR Product. The team is VERY responsive. Any new ideas or bugs get talked about. They want to make Merlin genuinely really good. You can just tell by how engaged they are, and how they make changes based on feedback. gkc AppSumo user There when and where you need it. This tool is there for you whenever and wherever you need it. Inside Gmail? Yep. Inside YouTube? Yep. It even timestamps the video summaries. On websites? Yep. Nathalia Do Nascimento Silva AppSumo user An indispensable part of my academic toolkit. As a student, Merlin AI has been invaluable for my academic work. The tool's automatic summarization and advanced text analysis features have significantly boosted my productivity and understanding. Preston Bailey Extension user Amazing support. The reason for gaining trust in Merlin lies in their communication approach. They are more honest in their communication than expected, and while they can't accommodate everything, they provide satisfaction with quick responses to users' demands. I give it 10/10!! 107541488344860181963 AppSumo user Get straight A+s in uni. My Lil brother had an assignment for UNI, to use an AI to summarize a doc and display the key points using charts, Powerbi, etc.. Everyone used ChatGPT, Gemini, nothing fancy. Lil bro used Merlin per my advise. He got an A+ and doesn't need to attend the finals from this project. I guess the professor thought he's an AI genius. Thanks Merlin 😂🦾 Omar Alsharif Extension user Eliminates the frustration of switching between apps. Merlin's user-friendly interface makes research effortless. By centralizing all my sources, it eliminates the frustration of switching between apps and losing track of valuable information. Ralphiesworld000 Apple App user Keyboard friendliness. One of the best looking apps I've seen so far in the AI space. Integrates directly with my browser at the top toolbar. The coolest part is the Cmd + M keyboard friendliness. I've spoken to the developers and can assure that Merlin will only get better with time. Scorphx Extension user Teams love us too! Want an end-to-end AI solution for your org? Let's talk. Book a demo Discover Teams Merlin Support [email protected] December 2025 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 30 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 Merlin All-in-One AI extension to Write, Summarize, Code & Play Contact us English Productivity AI for Google AI for Twitter AI for LinkedIn AI Transformation Text to Image - Bonkers AI Email Writer Question AI AI chat Chat with Merlin Free GPT-4o Chat with Web Access Chat with PDF Chat with Websites Chat with Image Ask AI AI Tools AI Detector New AI Essay Writer Plagiarism Checker New AI Translator New Bible GPT 70+ More AI Tools New Summary YouTube Summarizer Article Summaizer Company Team Privacy Policy Legal Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Data Protection Careers Refund Policy Query Standards Resources Product Wiki Newsroom Blogs Change Shortcut How It Works Feature Request Cookie preferences © Copyright 2025 - Foyer Tech Inc.