Product
Resources
Login
Schedule a demo 
The Ad Server designed
for TV Broadcaste

Publica stands at the forefront of the streaming economy.

Fueling advertising revenue. Powering exceptional user experience.

How do we transform CTV advertising?

Join leading TV manufacturers, broadcasters & AVOD streaming services

Meet the ultimate CTV Ad Server
Open, transparent & demand agnostic

We deliver true TV like experiences to streaming audiences. We connect SSPs to unique CTV inventory. We increase publisher yields.

OTT Header Bidding
Run a Unified auction between leading video SSPs & direct demand
Audience Targeting
First & third party data segmentation to increase inventory value
Campaign Management
Set up direct demand & handle everything from uploading creatives to targeting campaigns.
Server Side Ad Insertion
Dynamic ad insertion built for programmatic scale
Ad Pod Automation
Deliver unique, non-competitive ads within your live ad breaks
Advanced Analytics
Single access to all of your CTV data: Revenue, Auctions, Bidders, Audience behavior & more.
Trusted by the fastest growing OTT streaming services and the biggest TV manufacturers.

What do the top folks among FAST, AVOD, CTV & OTT companies think of Publica?

“The Publica platform has enabled Samsung Ads to create more advanced CTV ad breaks, run a unified auction and provide the data we needed to grow our streaming advertising revenues in a controlled and transparent way, we look forward to our continued partnership”


Craig Chinn

VP Programmatic Advertising
Samsung Ads


“We’re excited about the new layer of automation Publica brings with Elea ai to ensure that our users are not inundated with the same ads over and over while enabling more programmatic buyers access to our premium video inventory.”


Reed Barker

Head of Advertising
Philo


"Since we started partnering with Publica, we have measured marked performance improvements across our entire OTT inventory. Both their technology and their team are highly recommended."


Henry Embleton

Head of Ad Products and Revenue Crunchyroll


"We've enabled demand from multiple platforms to compete in a unified auction, eliminating waterfall latency while increasing bid density and overall yield."


Stan Hunting

Director of Advertising Operations


“Publica’s technology helps publishers identify errors down to the creative level and even automatically fix some of these errors in real time. As a result, our delivery rates and revenue performances are unmatched in the industry.”


Erick Opeka

President at Cinedigm Networks


“As one of the first publishers using Publica’s CTV Header Bidding solution, we witnessed first hand their ability to ship products faster than anyone else in the industry. We now rely heavily on their platform to build an Audience-centric monetization strategy.”


Jonathan Lesson

Senior Director, Revenue Operations


”Publica's approach to CTV monetization is already a game-changer for publishers - adding easy, secure, and integrated access to LiveRamp's capabilities is incredibly powerful.”


Joel Jewitt

Co-founder & VP Strategic Operations

Newsroom
UPDATES
INSIGHTS
MARCH 8, 2023

Publica Appoints Jason Higgins as Head of AMER

Publica announced the appointment of Jason Higgins as Head of AMER, to further expand global adoption of CTV Solutions.

READ MORE
UPDATES
JANUARY 18, 2023

Christopher Mottershead joins Publica as Commercial Director, APAC.

Publica appoints Christopher Mottershead as Commercial Director in APAC.

READ MORE
INSIGHTS
UPDATES
OCTOBER 24, 2022

Why CTV Publishers are Exploring Audience Extension

In this Q&A, Miller discusses Publica’s plans for expansion in EMEA and the growth of audience extension in CTV.

READ MORE
Subscribe to our newsletter 🚀
 
Ready to enter the new era
of TV advertising?
Schedule a demo 
Awards
2022 AdExchanger Awards
Finalist Best Video Technology for Media Suppliers
2022 Digiday Tech Awards
Winner Best Sell-Side Programmatic Platform
Finalist Best Video Ad Server
Proud Member & Contributor
Follow us
Features
Unified Auction
Ad Stitching
Ad Podding
Audience Targeting
Campaign Manager
Unified Reporting
Inventory Split
Elea ai
Solutions
CTV Channel
CTV Network
Web Publisher
Resources
About Us
Blog
Careers
Contact
Glossary
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
©All rights reserved - 2025 - Terms - Privacy
Product
Resources
Login
Schedule a demo 