Paint.NET - Free Software for Digital Photo Editing Home Features Donate Download License Roadmap & Change Log Forum Blog Twitter Contact Microsoft Store App Awards Winner 2022 , Creativity - Graphics and 3D "Paint.NET is just about perfect ..." - Lifehacker "Impressive." - PC World, Top 100 Products of 2007 "It raises the quality bar," - Jeff Atwood,
				Stack Overflow co-founder, on Coding Horror About Paint.NET is image and photo editing software for PCs that run Windows. It features an intuitive and innovative user interface with 
				support for layers, unlimited undo, special effects, and a wide variety of 
				useful and powerful tools. An active and growing online 
				community provides friendly help, tutorials , and plugins . It started development as an undergraduate college senior 
				design project mentored by Microsoft, and is now maintained and developed 
				by Rick Brewster. 
				Originally intended as a free replacement for the Microsoft Paint software that comes with Windows, it has grown into a powerful 
				yet simple image and photo editor tool. It has been compared to 
				other digital photo editing software packages such as Adobe ® Photoshop ® , 
				Corel ® Paint Shop Pro ® , 
				Microsoft Photo Editor, and The GIMP . Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation 
				in the United States and other countries. Adobe and
					Photoshop are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems 
				Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. Corel and Paint Shop Pro are trademarks or registered trademarks 
				of Corel Corporation and/or its subsidiaries in Canada, the 
				United States, and/or other countries. Get it now (free download): Paint.NET 
						5.1.11 English, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Corsican, Czech, 
						Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean,
						Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), 
						Russian, Romanian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian Released on November 9th, 2025 Donate! Show your appreciation for Paint.NET and support future 
						development by donating ! Windows Store You can also support Paint.NET by purchasing it on the Windows Store: Other Info Blog Bluesky X Tutorials Plugins What's new? Frequently Asked Questions System Requirements Awards Paint.NET is a registered trademark of dotPDN LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. This website is Copyright © dotPDN LLC and Rick Brewster. Privacy Information.