Home | QSIC | In-Store Audio for The Retail Media Era Solutions Ad-Platform Ad Creation Use AI to craft best in class audio ads - No humans necessary! Planning Eliminate the guesswork by dynamically placing your message in the market at the right time for maximum impact. Transparency Every ad play is recorded and verified, providing unprecedented visibility. Intelligence Predictive Targeting Predict the right message for every moment using data-driven insights. Performance Analytics Measure performance and optimize campaigns with data-driven insights. Self-Service Reporting Access the data you need, when you need it, with intuitive reporting dashboards. In-Store Audio Scalable Audio Solutions Cut costs and scale efficiently with intelligent in-store audio. Automated Volume Control Perfect audio levels, automatically adjusted for every moment. Personalized Playlists Craft the perfect in-store soundtrack to match your brand identity. Industries CPG Brands Quick Service Restaurants Resources Blog Newsroom Case Studies Why we're different From Digital-First to Store-First, In-Store Retail Media Delivers Where Decisions Are Made Read More QSIC Appoints Sean Cheyney to Executive Team to Drive Global Business Growth Read More Leading C-Store Technology Companies Join Retail Media Network Forum Read More Coles Liquor Read More Mecca Read More QSIC Launches Q’d Up Podcast to Explore the Stories Behind the Music That Moves Us Read More In-Store Experience Will Separate the Winners and Losers This Holiday Season Read More Photo Gallery: Zitcha’s Retail Media Unpacked Wraps The Year With Insights & Future-Focused Ideas Read More No items found. About FAQs Contact Close menu IN-store audio for the RETAIL MEDIA ERA. QSIC is the next gen audio platform that uses AI (Audio + Intelligence) to improve and monetize in-store experiences. Some of our partners who have joined the world's largest intelligent audio network. Turn in-store audio into a consistent driver of incremental revenue. Deliver intelligent audio ads at the moment of truth. Deliver ads when category demand is strongest by aligning with peak shopping hours, promotions, and seasonal trends. Adapt placement to respond to inventory shifts and market signals. Measure confidently with closed loop attribution. Create ad copy and voiceovers in seconds with AI-generated scripting and natural-sounding delivery—no studio, no delays, just brand-ready creative. Elevated in-store experience with smarter hardware and personalized music. Tie campaign delivery to impact with closed-loop attribution and performance metrics that show your role in driving category lift and share. Our intelligent audio platform helps retailers deliver great music and smarter ads faster - and with better results. Ad Platform Our AI driven ad platform is designed for retailers, brands and agencies to work smarter, not harder. Ad Creation Create high-impact ads in minutes with AI that sounds human. No production hassle, no guesswork, just targeted messaging that drives results. Ad Planning Our AI driven scheduling tool uses store level transactions, weather and events to make sure the right message plays at the right time. No human necessary! Ad Transparency Every ad is timestamped, solving in-store audio’s biggest pain point with full visibility into when, where, and how long it played. Ad Platform Ad Platform Intelligence First party data built to drive decisions. Precise Targeting Reach the right shoppers at the right time using store level demand profiles and category data. Real-Time Optimization Improve performance instantly by optimizing with time and location data to reach shoppers where they’re most likely to buy. First-Party Measurement Prove performance with first-party data that shows real sales lift and reach—no guesswork, just results. Intelligence Intelligence In-Store Audio Personalized audio for an elevated customer experience and the occasional spontaneous dance move. In-Store Audio In-Store Audio Personalized Vibes Custom curated playlists designed to match your brand's identity, powered by our expert music curation team. Automatic Volume Control Our patented hardware adjusts volume based on ambient noise, so your audio is always crystal clear. Centralized Management Control music, messages, volume, and alerts across all your locations from a single dashboard. Award-Winning Innovation. Driving industry change with data, creativity and results. 2025 #8 Deloitte’s Tech Fast 50 2025 & 2024 Retail Media Award -Matt Elsley 40 under 40 Award -Lachlan Gow and Brad Montgomery 2025 Member 2025 New Technology Solution of the Year 2025 Matthew Elsley and Nick Larkins MEET OUR AI VOICE! Create ad voiceovers in minutes. Powering this explainer with smart narration. Drive Revenue, Prove Impact, and Elevate the Experience—All Through Audio 01 Easily create new revenue streams with personalized and scalable audio. Monetize in-store assets with intelligent audio that delivers personalized messaging at scale. Intelligent in-store audio is the only retail media channel that can influence 90% of total transactions at the moment of purchase. Retail media and shopper marketing teams looking to generate net new revenue and improve the effectiveness of every in-store ad channel. 02 Unlock incremental spend with best in class measurement & insights. Differentiate your inventory and give brands confidence to increase spend. Mute the noise with closed loop attribution backed by first party data to prove real impact. Retailers and brands who want to (finally) feel confident about campaign performance and insights. 03 Deliver a better in-store experience for all. Boost the mood of your shoppers and employees with music tailored to your brand. QSIC’s music curation and ambient noise technology set the perfect tone for your brand—always at the right volume. Retailers and brands who know music has the power to transform spaces and enhance the customer experience. Solutions Ad-Platform Intelligence In-store Audio INDUSTRIES CPG BRANDS QUICK SERVICE RESTAURANTS Resources Blog Newsroom Why we're different ABOUT FAQS CONTACT IN-store audio for the RETAIL MEDIA ERA. hi@getqsic.com support@getqsic.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions USA Terms of Service United States +1 (888) 239 5602 750 N. St. Paul St. STE 305 Dallas, TX 75201 Australia +61 1300 113 279 18-28 Flockhart Street Abbotsford, VIC 3067