CyberQP Zero Trust Access Management Platform Platform QGuard PAM QDesk EUAM Resources Resource Hub Blog White Papers Webinars eBooks Trade Show Product Tours Success Stories About Leadership Careers FAQ Contact Us Request a Demo Login CyberQP Admin Console – North America – USA CyberQP Admin Console – North America – Canada CyberQP Admin Console – Europe QDesk QGuard Contact CyberQP Announced as one of Deloitte’s Technology Fast 50 Program Winners for 2025 Read Press Release Experience the Power of CyberQPs Zero Trust Access Management Platform Firsthand. Empowering Access. Redefining Privilege. Demo platform It’s 2025. Is your password rotation still not automated? Protect your privileged accounts automatically. Learn More Pax8 Marketplace CyberQP is teaming up with Pax8 to bring Zero Trust Helpdesk Security to APAC, ANZ, and North America. Read Press Release Built-In Compliance Mappings See how our platform helps IT teams eliminate standing privileges, verify identities instantly, and align with compliance frameworks. Get Compliant Unify Your Access Management CyberQP redefines Zero Trust Access Management with leading-edge Privileged Access Management (PAM) and End-User Access Management (EUAM) solutions. Our platform enables secure elevated access for both IT Professionals and end-users, along with robust self-serve and identity verification capabilities. Backed by SOC 2 Type 2 certification, we empower IT professionals to reduce or eliminate risks stemming from social engineering attacks, standing privilege, and over-privileged accounts, enforce compliance, and enhance operational efficiency. Our mission is simple: “Empowering Access, Redefining Privilege” for security-focused IT professionals around the globe. Learn More The Problem – WHY SERVICE DESKS ARE THE NEW TARGET Your Service Desk is a Gateway for Attackers. 74% of breaches involve privileged accounts, and identity-based incidents have increased by 144% year over year. Attackers know that service desks control the keys to the kingdom, making them the easiest target for identity-based attacks. Through social engineering, they exploit weak user verification processes, standing privileges, and overprivileged accounts to steal valid credentials, leading to unauthorized access, data breaches, and privilege escalation. Learn More The CyberQP Platform Two integrated products. One secure, efficient service desk. QGuard Privileged Access Management Made Easy Achieve Zero Standing and Least Privilege for technicians with Just-in-Time Access Protect Break Glass and Shared Admin accounts with automated password rotation and build a Moving Target Defence Prevent Privileged Account Sprawl by discovering and remediating unknown and overprivileged accounts Meet compliance frameworks and cyber insurance mandates with ease Learn More About QGuard QDesk End-User Access Management Made Easy Prevent social engineering & impersonation attacks by verifying the identities of all end-users that contact the service desk Eliminate local admin rights without sacrificing productivity with just-in-time, policy-controlled elevation Lower service desk costs, ticket volume, and empower end users with secure, self-serve password resets Boost service desk efficiency without compromising security by integrating with leading PSA ticketing platforms so technicians can resolve essential end-user account management tickets. Learn More About QDesk Zero Trust What is a Zero Trust Cybersecurity Framework? Zero Trust is a modern security framework that assumes no user or device can be trusted by default, even inside a protected perimeter. It requires continuous verification of every user, device, and application that tries to access resources. CyberQP applies Zero Trust principles by ensuring only authenticated users can access privileged accounts using just-in-time access and credential rotation. It also protects service desks from social engineering attacks through identity verification and defends end-user endpoints from lateral movement attacks with secure endpoint privilege management. Learn More 1200+ MSPs and Service Desks $150K+ Annual Savings Per Partner 1M+ Credentials Secured 750M+ Total Password Rotations Since 2019 Business Outcomes You’ll See Reduce Risk. Improve Compliance. Boost Efficiency. Lower Breach Risk Eliminate standing privilege and stale credentials on privileged accounts, verify all end-users that contact the service desk, and stop credential theft before it starts. Stay Audit-Ready Role-based access controls, complete audit logs, and features that satisfy many compliance framework controls help your organization meet NIST, CIS, ISO 27001, CMMC, and HIPAA compliance. Work Smarter Fewer tickets. Faster approvals. Happier users. Your IT team can focus on what matters most. Integrations – Works With Your Stack No Rip-and-Replace. CyberQP Fits Right In. SUPPORTED INTEGRATIONS PSA Ticketing Systems ConnectWise PSA Datto Autotask Halo PSA Documentation IT Glue Hudu Identity Providers Microsoft Active Directory Microsoft 365 Microsoft Entra ID Microsoft Windows Local Accounts partner stories See Why Our Parters Trust CyberQP Discover how help desks using CyberQP are securing their identity-based attack surfaces, eliminating standing privileges, and staying ahead of evolving threats. Experience the confidence that comes with a Zero Trust approach. “CyberQP has helped bring a large amount of value to our clients, frees my techs to do more things, and keeps our customers — which [gives us] real peace of mind.” -John Douglas “It’s been phenomenal. Everyone was super helpful all the way through… I feel like they’re more invested in us than we’re invested in them. “ – RODDY BERGERON “[CyberQP] gives us the peace of mind knowing that we’re evolving, we’re rotating [privileged account passwords]…we’re making sure that things are different enough that we’ve reduced that potential attack surface. “ – RAFFI JAMGOTCHIAN “We’ve rolled out the agent to almost every managed customer. We implement password changes to uphold their agreement to their errors, omissions and professional liability policy. “ – MICHAEL GOLDSTEIN “We were looking for automation more than anything else in our security stack. CyberQP brought that to the table. They allowed us to automate admin password changes, rotate them, and know that we have that comfort. “ – ATUL BHAGAT Experience the #1 Zero Trust Platform  Reduce Risk  Enhance Efficiency  Simplify Compliance Explore QGuard PRODUCTS Plans QGuard QDesk Integrations Tours Product Roadmap PARTNERS Submit a Ticket Partner Services Partner Portal Trust Center Knowledge Base COMPANY Company Leadership Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy © 2025, CyberQP | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy