Sling: Free Employee Scheduling And Shift Planning Made Easy Sling is now Sling by Toast! Learn more Sling is now Sling by Toast! Learn more Sling is now Sling by Toast! Learn more Sling is now Sling by Toast! Learn more Sling Employee Scheduling Features Key Features Labor costs Optimize your labor costs as you schedule Task management Assign and delegate tasks per shift or employee Time clock Accurately track employee work time, from anywhere Multiple work locations Easily schedule and communicate across locations Communication Stay in touch with messaging, newsfeed and more Integrations Manage all of your work from a single easy-to-use platform More Features Employee documents Mobile time tracking Announcements Employee breaks Why Sling? INDUSTRIES Restaurants Entertainment Emergency Retail Call centers Caregiving Hospitality Education Security Healthcare Nonprofits Banking See all industries WHY SLING? Customer stories Customer reviews Blog FAQs Security Pricing Restaurants Login Get Started Get Started Employee scheduling made easy Sling is the easiest way to schedule and communicate with your employees. For free! Your email address Or sign up with Google Sling is trusted by tens of thousands of customers just like you Save countless hours each week scheduling your employees and reduce the cost of labor Employee scheduling Save time and money with faster, simpler employee scheduling Build your employees' schedules in minutes and manage time off, availability and shift trade requests. Avoid exceeding budgets and scheduling overtime, reduce absenteeism and late arrivals, get notified of overlapping shifts, and handle unexpected changes without stress. Team communication Communicate more efficiently from a single platform Streamline internal communication and create a collaborative environment no matter where your employees are. Send messages in group or private conversations, keep everyone informed, give employees a voice, and build a better company culture. Time and attendance Simplify time tracking and payroll processing Easily track employee hours and labor costs and export timesheets for seamless payroll processing. Enable GPS geofencing or use a designated time clock terminal, prevent early clock in and clock employees out automatically for better time clock accuracy. “There are plenty of scheduling platforms to choose from, but Sling stands out by striking the perfect balance with its user simplicity and powerful management tools. From intuitive schedule creation, robust reporting, to employee communication, Sling has proven a vital component for our restaurants.” Todd Enany Sunday in Brooklyn Efficient employee scheduling for every business Come for our scheduling, stay for our everything else — team messaging, task management, time tracking, labor cost optimization, reporting, news sharing and more. Employee scheduling Build your employees' schedules in minutes, manage time off, availability and shift trade requests, avoid overtime and double-booking, and handle unexpected changes without stress. Learn more Time tracking Easily track employee hours from a designated device or mobile apps, and export timesheets for seamless payroll processing. Learn more Team communication Streamline internal communication and create a collaborative environment no matter where your employees are. Learn more Task management Clarify everyone’s jobs during their shifts, ensuring employees are aligned on their to-dos, and all tasks get completed on time. Learn more Labor optimization Forecast and optimize your labor costs while scheduling to ensure you stay on budget and protect your margins. Learn more Reporting Analyze and understand your labor data by pulling reports for a day, week or month, or for customizable periods. Learn more PTO management Cap paid time off by leave types that your business supports, and approve incoming requests based on the remaining allowances. Learn more Integrations Integrate Sling with the platforms you already use to save time and money when scheduling and processing payroll. Learn more Businesses of every size and shape choose Sling to get the job done. “Sling provides a consistent view of all schedules, both to all management and staff. It also allows us to predict labor costs, warn of overtime, and easily make adjustments. It not only has made us more efficient, but it actually saves time in creating the schedules.” Eddie Dyer Owner and Managing Partner, Vessel NOLA “Sling drastically reduced the amount of time I spend scheduling. I post weekly schedule in minutes and it replicates to future weeks. No more do I need to create schedules from scratch. Additionally, I can make updates from anywhere. This is critical for my team since it runs 24/7/365.” Kenneth Taylor Supervisor of the System Operations, Expeditors “Staffing is a breeze. It is so simple, staff apply and we accept! It’s straightforward. It’s easy. It’s amazing. The support is better than any other company I have experienced - personal and incredible.” Oliver Gerrard IT Manager, The Arches “Sling is a flexible scheduling platform that works for a wide variety of businesses – from bars and cafes to fine dining restaurants. Sling gives the ability to customize the platform to best fit each concept, while also providing easy to use communication features and time tracking." Bradley Knebel Lorem ipsum dolor, The Market Line "Sling is a huge time saver! And it’s so intuitive to use - no learning gaps. I plan to implement it in all of my future locations. I have been sharing it with others in the industry too, and I don’t usually promote products, but this is just really good!" Craig Thompson Franchise Owner, ILoveKickboxing "With Sling we were able to provide our team with more control and flexibility over their schedule. And, by having employee availability, time off requests and the restaurant's needs all in one location, we were able to significantly simplify the scheduling process for management." Ryan Middleton Owner, Larry's II "Sling has been a great organizational tool for our restaurant! It allows me to easily arrange schedules, keeping up with our staff's different requests, and serves as a platform for all internal communication." Lee Weiss Assistant General Manager, The Musket Room Works, from anywhere Sling is available everywhere you work – on Web, iOS and Android, so you and your team are aligned wherever you are. Schedule faster, communicate better, get things done “Sling has been a great organizational tool for our restaurant! It allows me to easily arrange schedules, keeping up with our staff's different requests, and serves as a platform for all internal communication.” Lee Weiss The Musket Room Award-winning software Employee scheduling platform of choice for SMBs around the world Businesses of every size, shape and kind have already made Sling the place where their work happens. Get your app today! 4.7 of 5 21K+ ratings 4.8 of 5 2.1K+ reviews 4.5 of 5 Best value in 2021 Built for your industry Sling helps you manage your team more efficiently, regardless of your industry. From local restaurants and coffee shops, to regional hotels and retail stores, give your team the power of Sling and watch them do their best work. Food & Beverage Retail Hospitality Healthcare Events & Entertainment Call centers Education Nonprofits Emergency services Caregiving Get started today Schedule faster, communicate better, get things done. Your email address Frequently Asked Questions What is employee scheduling software? Employee scheduling software is a suite of tools that can help busy managers organize their workforce more efficiently and streamline their workflow with solutions for: – Complex shift scheduling – Integrated time tracking – Labor-cost control – Overtime control – Quick and easy communication – Cloud-based distribution – Clock-in/clock-out control – Multiple-location administration – Geofencing – Task management The best employee scheduling software — like Sling — incorporates all of those elements (and more) into one powerful app that can help maximize the productivity and efficiency of your team. How can I track employee hours with a time clock? Sling’s built-in time clock makes it easy to track employee hours and manage every aspect of your employees’ work hours — time off, availability, shift-trade requests — without collecting, sorting, or collating a huge stack of paper. Sling turns any phone, tablet, laptop, or desktop into a clock-in/clock-out station and allows your employees to start and stop their time from any device or from a dedicated terminal. You can also set up geofences around your business or other work areas so that if an employee isn’t inside that boundary, they can’t clock in. Similarly, you can also use geofences to automatically stop tracking time if an employee steps outside the boundaries you’ve set. How do I calculate labor costs? With Sling, you can calculate labor costs in real time as you schedule your employees. After you input employee names, positions, and pay rates, Sling will show you what each shift will cost (as you add employees to the roster) and notify you if a shift exceeds your labor budget. For even more help calculating labor costs, Sling automatically imports hours worked after your team members clock in and out and allows you to create reports on a single shift, day, week, month, or year. How do employees access Sling? Once you’ve created a Sling account, you can add an employee to your roster by clicking the Add employee button on the Employees page (you can enter the information manually or import it from a file). Once you enter their name and either a valid email address or phone number, you’ll have the option to send them an invitation via email or text message to join you on Sling. You can also choose not to send the invitation right away so you can get everything set up the way you want it first and go back and invite them later. When your employees receive the invitation, they’ll be instructed to click a link to set up their account, create a password, and join your business’s domain. After that, they’ll be able to access all of the features Sling has to offer. Are there different levels of access? Sling offers three levels of access — Admin, Manager, and Employee — for different responsibilities. As an Admin, you have full access to all of your business’s settings and employees and can create shift schedules, assign tasks, and communicate with your team across all locations. Those you assign as Managers can create shift schedules and manage employees within the locations you designate. Those you assign as Employees can view their schedules, initiate shift exchanges, update their availability, and request time off, but they don’t have the ability to make permanent changes like Managers and Admins do. Why choose Sling? Whether you manage a team of two in a single location or a team of 200+ across multiple locations, Sling can help you keep everything running smoothly. Sling’s powerful workforce management tools make it easy to: – Manage time off – Coordinate availability – Keep track of employee licenses, contracts, and other documents – Organize shift trade requests – Stay on (or under) budget – Track employee hours (on both stationary and mobile devices) – Reduce absenteeism – Minimize late arrivals – Comply with all labor laws – Allow your employees to sign up for available shifts – Consolidate and streamline internal communication – Control labor costs – Simplify time tracking and payroll – Manage employee breaks – And much more Sling is an all-in-one solution for all your workforce management needs. Right now, you can get all of the essentials to help you organize and optimize your workforce and handle internal communication for an unlimited number of users and locations for free with just one click. Does Sling integrate with other tools? Yes! Sling integrates with other software tools that you may already be using, including: – Toast – Shopify – Square – Gusto – Harbortouch – Restaurant Manager – POSiTouch These integrations make it easier than ever to organize, manage, and optimize your teams, business, and workflow regardless of location, size, and responsibilities. How can I try Sling for free? Getting started with Sling is easy! On the web, visit our homepage and click or tap on the Get Started button in the upper right corner. Next, click or tap Create a new Sling account. Then, enter a few pieces of information, create a password, and click or tap Next. That’s it! We’ll help you add locations, positions, and employees, and then you’ll have access to key features, including: – Shift scheduling – Time-off requests – Available shifts – News sharing – Long-term scheduling – Private messaging – And others You can also download the Sling app for free from your device’s app store (e.g., Google Play, Apple App Store, Microsoft Store, etc.) and sign up that way. View More FAQs > Sling About Blog Privacy Statement Terms Cookie Policy Product Features Employee scheduling Labor costs Time clock Communication Task management Multiple work locations Work schedule Mobile time clock Timesheets Time and attendance Payroll Employee documents Employee breaks Schedule maker Work Schedule Templates Integrations Pricing Industries Healthcare Restaurants Retail Education Hotels Transportation Call centers Caregiving Entertainment Emergency Nonprofits Remote work Health & Fitness Construction & Labor Cleaning services Banking & Finance Help desk Professional trades Manufacturing & Logistics Support Help center Contact support Feature request Resources Videos Partnerships FAQs Security GDPR APIs Contact us contact@getsling.com 134 N 4th St Brooklyn, NY 11249 © 2023 Sling, Inc. All rights reserved. Designed in Iceland. Made around the world. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information