Getspace. All space. One place. sales@getspace.us        +370 62 284 228 Client login Support SSD Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Storage Cloud SSD Hosting WordPress Hosting Virtual Private Servers Storage Cloud Domains Reseller hosting Security Client login Support +353 87 239 2318 All space. One place. 21x times faster cloud servers. 100% up time guaranteed. Powerful protection from DDOS attacks. SSL certificate for FREE! Get started 14 days money back guarantee SSD Hosting From only 2.95 $ + VAT 21% Tired of a slow loading webpage? We totally get you. The solution for you – 100% pure SSD. You’ll see, the lightning speed and performance are guaranteed. Plus, you’ll get a 100 GB Storage Cloud as a proper reward. Win-win! Get it now WordPress Hosting From only 5.90 $ + VAT 21% You know the things you know. And we know how to make your WordPress page the most awesome one. Not kidding. Super speed, free SSL and backup restoration with a small reward – 100 GB Storage Cloud as a gift, just because… you’re awesome! Get it now VPS From only 7.08 $ + VAT 21% It’s time to stop dreaming about fast speed and performance. It’s here. With pure SSD, unlimited traffic and even a free additional 100 GB Storage Cloud – we‘ve got you covered. Use it, love it, you deserve it. Get it now Storage Cloud From only 0 $ + VAT 21% Stop deleting your files. Just save them online and access them from any device! From photos to documents – all can be SAFELY placed in your Storage Cloud. Plus, you won’t need to send things – you just share a link. Grab 50 GB for free and try it out! Get it now Get it now Get it now Get it now Get it now Hard to find the right domain? Nah, NOT HERE! A wide choice of names. Just type in your words and choose the one you like. Go ahead. Get all the space you need. General Hosting WordPress VPS Storage Cloud General Security All you need these days is… SECURITY! Get the highest-level one with Getspace. From SSL Certificate to Server-Side Encryption. What does it mean? All your data will be protected from villains who want to use it or modify it. Plus, we’ll always backup your info, just in case. Be safe and sound. Speed One thing is certain: we DON’T HAVE TIME for slow-loading things. So if you want to have more happy visitors or save your own brain cells – Getspace. Here, you’ll get the newest PHP 7 versions, HTTP/2, latest hardware, and pure SSD that will ensure you the lightning speed. You’re welcome! 24/7 support You’re not alone. Don’t know how to use some features or have some technical problems? The local staff is always there for you. Every day, seven days a week. Just send your questions and get the professional help you need. Free stuff Why pay when you can get it for free, right? Order SSD hosting, WordPress hosting or VPS and get 100 GB cloud as a gift. Or register for just a cloud and we’ll give you 50 GB TOTALLY FREE. Hosting Free SSL Certificate SLL will make your website safer, more reliable, and therefore, will have much better conversion rates. Plus, it will help you to get a higher Google rating. Nice, right? Especially when you get all of it FOR FREE! Pure SSD Hard drives are a thing of the past. Pure SSD represent the future. With much greater speed and less unpleasant crashes, it will take your webpage or eShop to a brand new performance level. Free move Are you already hosting somewhere else? Don’t be shy, come here. We can easily move your webpage or eShop to our system. For free. With all the pages, email accounts and domain names. Nice, right?! PHP version selection From the newest PHP 7 versions to the old ones, if your site was created earlier. Just pick the one you need. P.S. we offer an advanced customization of PHP extensions, so you can get your perfect match. WordPress Optimized for WordPress We have no idea who knows more about WordPress than us. Be sure you will be surprised with the speed you’ll get. With pure SSD, multi-layer caching technology, PHP 7 and HTTP/2, your site will load in a millisecond. Plus, you’ll get extra resources. Awesome, right? Free website & eShop Damn yes. By purchasing a WordPress hosting plan, you can get a free website or eShop. It’ll be built by professionals who specialize in this field. With all the customizing opportunities. Just like heaven. Free SSL Certificate SLL will make your website safer, more reliable, and therefore, will have much better conversion rates. Plus, it will help you to get a higher Google rating. Nice, right? Especially when you get all of it FOR FREE! Free backup restoration Sometimes, the unexpected happens. And all you wish is to have a free backup restoration possibility. We know you too well. That’s why we give you one for free every month. Just in case a bad day happens. VPS Guaranteed resources We hate liars. If you are buying something, you should get what you’ve ordered. And with Getspace you will. No hidden fees, no lies, the same CPU and RAM resources that you bought. We promise. Unlimited traffic Be as popular as you want. We give you no limits for the bandwidth. What does it mean? You can have as many visitors as you want without any additional fees. Transfer your data freely. Free move Are you already using VPS? Don’t be shy, come here. We can easily move your eShop or other digital projects to our system. For free. Without making any changes. Just a few secs and you are in a better place! Pure SSD Hard drives are a thing of the past. Pure SSD – the future. With much greater speed and less unpleasant crashes, it will take your high traffic projects or systems to a totally new performance level. Storage Cloud Chat Forget all chat apps. From now on you can chat… right from your cloud with both other cloud users and people from the outside. Just send them a link to join the conversation and that’s it. Yup, the future is here. Server-side encryption Security, security and, one more time, security. With Getspace you’ll get the highest level of it. Each object, even your chats, will be encrypted with a unique key. This way, it will be impossible for villains to reach, read, or modify your information. For all devices, all OS Stop overloading your devices. Now you can save all your data to cloud from ANY gadget you have. The cloud application is adapted for all operating systems and works as a web-based app. Happy devices, happy cloud, happy you. File access control You’re your cloud boss. With our brand new feature, you can set a password and expiration date or disable the access to a certain file at any time. Plus, you can create different access levels for particular groups of employees. Over 20,000 businesses trust us. Join them! “It’s super important to have a reliable provider. What Getspace offers is amazing. From maximum security to the totally professional staff. High level!” David Contreras Phyton developer “Getspace is a wonderful example of the globally local company. You can always contact the staff in your mother tongue. It makes your life easier!” Alejandro Avellaneda Web designer “Getspace is the new standard on the market. One place, all the space you need for your business. With 24/7 support. Amazing idea and results.” Deimante Kuns. Copywriter Previous Next Reseller hosting Get space and resell it Looking for an easy way to purchase wholesale services and sell them to customers? You’ve found it. A pretty awesome one. Click to read more. Read more Full security packages 100% protection Do you have a website, eShop or Storage Cloud? Act smart, you need security! Here, you can get SSL Certificates, SiteLock security, Enterprise backup solutions, and Cloudfare that will protect you as you always wanted to. Read more Get a website Just send a request Get a fully functional, high-quality website with all the coolest extensions. For a revolutionary price! Just click the button below and fill in the request. Find out more Marketing services Be seen Get that traffic you always wanted. Without any effort. Contact us, ask for Google AdWords, SEO or Facebook ads and conquer the digital word. Find out more Tell others & get paid! Get 25 % of each revenue.
Yup, easy as that. Register, get your unique link, place a banner about our services on your webpage, blog, social media pages, or other cool place and EARN YOUR 25% COMMISSION PER SALE. Easy! Get the unique link support@getspace.us Opens in a new tab © Getspace 2022
All rights reserved Products Domains SSD Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Storage Cloud Reseller hosting Security Company About us Data centers Our story Careers Projects News center Contact us Legal Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Partner programs Affiliates Services Online marketing Web Help Support Knowledge base “This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We’ll assume you’re ok with this…” Privacy Policy I'm ok!