Getsitecontrol
Solutions
Templates
Resources
Pricing
Products
Log in
Sign up free
Getsitecontrol: Email Marketing Suite, Popups, Aurora Theme
Emails, popups, automations.

Drive sales with popups, email marketing & automations. Engage visitors, send beautiful emails, and launch workflows.

Get started, it’s free →
Sing up
Email marketing awards

Sing up for free →

Widgets
Promote and announce

Design eye-catching popups to share announcements, promote offers, and engage visitors in any style.

Features
Endless use cases

Engage visitors with versatile popups for any goal or campaign.

Actions

Set up actions to redirect visitors, share coupons< or promote products.

Smart builder

Explore no-code, flexible, and intuitive builder for effortless customization.

Grow your email list

Create beautiful pop-up or inline forms, display them at the right moment, and generate subscribers effortlessly.

Features
Template gallery

Explore professionally designed email forms, promo popups, and surveys.

Follow-up email

Set up form submission automation to deliver incentives and tag contacts.

Targeting

Decide when and where you want to display your form or a call-to-action.

Broadcasts
Send email campaigns

Send professional-looking emails to promote sales, new products, collections, back-in-stock items, and updates.

Watch video overview
Features
Template gallery

Get started faster with a dozen
of pre-designed email templates.

Dark mode preview

Before sending, preview how the email will look in dark mode.

AI assistant

Generate text for your emails from scratch or refine your own copy.

Automations
Automate email workflows

Tag your subscribers and send emails automatically, using triggers and conditions of your choice.

Form submission

Contacts enter this workflow
after submitting their email.

Email link click

Contacts enter this workflow
by clicking through an email.

Webhook

Contacts enter this workflow upon a POST HTTP request.

New subscriber

Contacts enter this workflow
after joining your list.

New order

A contact enter this workflow after placing an order.

Checkout abandonment

Contacts enter this workflow after leaving the checkout process.

Customer winback

Contacts enter this workflow after some time without purchasing.

Fulfilled order

Contacts enter this workflow once all items have been shipped.

Segment

Contacts enter this workflow by joining a specific segment.

Features
Actions

Shape your automations with emails, tags, delays, and reusable sequences.

Conditions

Set conditions using tags, segments, and other contact parameters.

Statistics

Access intuitive reports on your automation performance.

Contacts
Manage your contacts

View conversion path and interaction history of each contact; filter them by tags, received emails, and other parameters.

Watch video overview
Features
Easy import

Import your email list via a CSV file, or directly from Mailchimp or Shopify.

Segmentation

Group your contacts into segments to send personalized emails.

Tagging

Tag your contacts via automations, upon signup, or manually.

Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →

Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →
Put your email marketing on autopilot →

Customer stories

Join 58 171 successful marketers and brand owners who are already using Getsitecontrol.

Read detailed stories →
Andrea Malouf
Founder of Paradisefold

We are a fashion and lifestyle brand creating tools that help women rest, reenergise and optimise time spent on haircare and beauty. We use Getsitecontrol to capture leads and display notifications – such as how far a customer might be from getting free delivery. Getsitecontrol is a tool that’s very intuitive and easy to use — setting popups is really straightforward.

William Burgess
CMO of MonsieurChalets

We’re a company managing luxury cottage rentals. We started using Getsitecontrol to collect email addresses, and we had a really good conversion rate. In a day, we collected 256 emails! On another campaign, we collected 10,286 emails with a click-through rate of 4.6%. It’s a great tool, we love it here.

Rob Fielding
Digital Growth Manager at Ethex

Ethex is a non-profit ethical investment platform in the UK. It allows people to invest in environmentally-friendly projects. We use Getsitecontrol to display email forms on two of our websites so that our visitors can sign up to be notified about new investment opportunities. One of the reasons why I like it – it does the job. If I need to show a message on a certain page, to new users in a particular location, I can do it pretty easily. Plus, there’s a built-in CSS editor and a pre-designed template gallery, and I find these features really useful.

Ruud Caris
Founder at Nozie

We’re a Dutch publishing company with a portfolio of niche websites in technology and lifestyle. We use Getsitecontrol on two of our websites to collect subscribers with a lead magnet. I specifically wanted a 2-step form which not a lot of other tools do in the right way. With Getsitecontrol, I could do it.

Show more customer stories
Free tools for better emails
Generate subject line
Subject line generator

Get more opens with AI-crafted, attention-grabbing subject lines.

Generate subject line
Generate scrolling text
Scrolling text generator

Grab attention in your emails with animated scrolling text GIF.

Generate scrolling text
Generate calligraphy image
Calligraphy text generator

Create calligraphy-style signatures, slogans, or store names for emails.

Generate calligraphy image
Generate countdown timer
Countdown timer generator

Drive sales by adding urgency with a countdown timer in your emails.

Generate countdown timer
Generate slideshow
Image slideshow generator

Create animated GIF slideshows to boost email engagement.

Generate slideshow
75M

Widgets displayed
this week

250K

Contacts collected
this week

40K

Automations run
this week

450K

Emails broadcasted
this week

Get started, it’s free →
Customer reviews
Mosaic Journal

Genuinely one of the best apps I've used on the Shopify store. Loads of value for very little cost.

    
Nov 17, 2025
Lilly Payne

Getsitecontrol is excellent! Their tools are intuitive, effective, and they have great customer support if you want help. Anytime I reach out to customer service they provide the needed code or answer in a matter of minutes, and are so kind.

    
Nov 6, 2025
Enrico M.

Excellent product that has allowed us to carry out excellent campaigns, always supported by online assistance that responds immediately to any request.

    
Sep 17, 2025
Raquel L.

100% recommended. The experience with Getsitecontrol so far is 10/10. The UX experience is very friendly and love all the designs and templates. Also the team is SUPER helpful.

    
Sep 4, 2025
Kalle Kay

Getsitecontrol has significantly improved the way I communicate with my audience, capture leads, and promote offers. The widgets are beautifully designed, easy to customize, and integrate seamlessly with my website.

    
Sep 3, 2025
Dimitar T.

I have been using Getsitecontrol for the past 5 years. What I like is the pre-made design templates that save me time. With a well made pop-up I achieve a CTR of over 45%, which for a marketing channel is more than an excellent result…

    
Sep 3, 2025
WoodWideCities

If you are looking for a versatile popup solution for Shopify without breaking the bank, just go for it.

    
July 18, 2025
Bianca B.

The platform is intuitive and flexible, allowing us to quickly launch targeted banners without involving developers. It’s been a smooth, effective solution.

    
July 3, 2025
Muhammad A.

I have been using Getsitecontrol for more than two years now. It is helping me run my welcome flows, abandoned carts and email broadcasts. This by far is the best onsite targeting app for Shopify. Tons of templates and targeting options…

    
June 2, 2025
Rob G.

Awesome app to get email subs. Was able to get 30% sign up rates on some campaigns which is wild. Great product.

    
May 30, 2025
Jordan C.

It does integrate to Shopify easily. I set it up and now it's pretty streamlined and requires very little maintenance from me which I love.

    
May 28, 2025
Adelaide School…

Loving GSC So far, the best part is their pricing model which is very reasonable compared to other platforms, and their designer easily creates stunning emails…

    
Apr 24, 2025
Ashutosh J

GSC offers impressive suite of website engagement tools that makes capturing leads and improving user interaction easy. Their support team is always on toes and goes extra mile to help you resolve the issue.

    
March 19, 2025
Patrick Stewart

Their code was easy to install, and their popups have made a huge difference in our business.

    
Feb 6, 2025
Angel J.M.

Overall experience is fantastic! We've been customers for over 2 years and no plans on leaving ever! The greatest pro is how easy it is to implement pop-ups and how good they look a great addition when you are using Hubspot…

    
Dec 20, 2024
Isaac Diaz

Awesome app but even better customer service. Their team and developers helped me setup exactly what I needed. It was easy and they made sure everything worked great. Would 110% recommend them.

    
Dec 20, 2024
Steven B.

Love the new interface and ease of use, and once set up, no need for other teams to get involved, marketing can take control. The interface is really easy to use and offers multiple of of the box designs…

    
Dec 20, 2024
Belinda J.

A joy to use, just works! Lots of design settings so you can easily get your forms to look 'on brand'.

    
Dec 12, 2024
Young Potters

So far, great service and friendly staff! When I was confused about layouts, or needed help, the live chat service was incredibly fast and they resolved all issues in literally minutes!

    
Dec 10, 2024
John

Highly recommend Getsitecontrol if you want to do things like adding banners, creating popup modals or surveys to your website.

    
Dec 6, 2024
Irregular Sleep Pattern

Very easy to use and extremely responsive helpdesk

    
Dec 3, 2024
Jakob Albrecht

Have been using the tool for over two years now and love it. And the customer support is just awesome (and the best I know)! I always get responses within minutes through the live chat and they go way beyond normal technical support.

    
Dec 3, 2024
WildFire Coffee Company

App is perfect for new businesses and using the chat feature has really helped us achieve what we wanted out of that app.

    
Nov 25, 2024
System Skin

Beautiful and functional widget designs, and the platform is very easy to work with! Plus, the best and fastest customer service ever!

    
Nov 7, 2024
A Fold of Chairs

I run a small business and the emails I send to my subscribers via this app have really helped it grow. I can see how the click-throughs from the emails drive purchases. The templates are super easy to use and look professional …

    
Nov 6, 2024
Ian Curtis

Really excellent customer support. Fast, knowledgeable and solved the problem.

    
Nov 6, 2024
Nice Things by Helena

Really solid, easy to use and reliable. We develop a LOT of custom logic in our pages ourselves but use GSC as it's so simple to use while making it easy to add our own more complex logic via their JavaScrip API/parameters …

    
Nov 6, 2024
Bogdan DNA

I’ve been using this widget tool on my website for about four years now, and it really just gets the job done. It’s perfect for collecting emails, guiding visitors, and setting up custom actions based on who’s visiting.

    
Nov 5, 2024
Otro Level Prints

I love this app because it is very friendly and easy to use. My favorite part is the email templates; the gallery looks amazing, and it’s a time saver when you are designing a promo or a newsletter.

    
Oct 15, 2024
Raptor Naturals

GetSiteControl has been an absolute game-changer for my website! The app is incredibly user-friendly, allowing me to create eye-catching pop-ups and forms with ease. What really sets it apart, though, is the fantastic customer service.

    
Oct 13, 2024
Shekhar Luhar

Best tool for conversion rate optimization. The functionality Getsitecontrol provides to modify popup and the design which makes this tool easy to use. Customer support is on point too. Highly recommend!

    
Sep 4, 2024
AvalongKing

Their support is absolutely amazing. Super fast and helpful. You are not going to get help like this from any other app.

    
Aug 27, 2024
Akvile P

I feel thankful not only for the easy-to-use tool but also for the fast help from the help desk. They truly put their effort into helping us as quickly and as well as possible. Thank you, guys—you're a perfect example of how a client should be heard and helped!

    
Aug 23, 2024
SOUS LA VIE

Ho usato GSC per disegnare una parte della landing page per il mio brand. L'app è davvero semplice e intuitiva, quando poi ho avuto bisogno di supporto tramite chat sono stati veloci e competenti.

    
July 11, 2024
Corey Dewalt

The platform goes above and beyond what I was originally looking for. I've paid for the flat annual membership which has unlimited impressions and I'm now making $2k a month in email revenue as a result.

    
July 11, 2024
CHOMEX

Great product, good customer service. Very easy to get any result by utilizing all the options and settings. Be creative, and this can outperform the most expensive software.

    
July 3, 2024
Maria Creesia M.

Very easy to set up a site pop up. Integrated very well with my client's Squarespace site.

    
July 2, 2024
Deborah Tyson

It is wonderful to use a tech product that has solid support that actually gets you the result that you want.

    
July 2, 2024
Football Host store

Muy útil para añadir formularios en cualquier parte de tu página web. Buena atención al cliente, rápidos y efectivos.

    
June 12, 2024
Richardt K. F.

We've been using GST for quite some time now, and the tool is great, but their support never fails. Always willing to help and has a quick response time.

    
May 21, 2024
Oleksandr Dieiev

It is clear that the team is constantly working on improvements in the product, and team support always helps to solve the problems that arise. Highly recommend.

    
May 16, 2024
David Shuck

Great product, reasonable pricing, fast and helpful service. Would highly recommend to anyone needing pop-up or data collection on their website.

    
April 29, 2024
Kyle M

I needed a review pop up on my site to add to klaviyo for email marketing. I was able to get this setup in minutes and activated immediately.

    
March 27, 2024
Marco C

I am impressed by the reliability of Getsitecontrol. It has effective features that makes email marketing smooth.

    
March 27, 2024
Brian A.

Getsitecontrol is easy to implement and has garnered us many newsletter subscribers that we wouldn’t have captured otherwise. we’d recommend it to anyone looking to expand their reach.

    
Dec 12, 2023
Niels D.

Very easy to use and does 100% what is needs to do for a very fair price. Absolute value for money! We accomplish great results and the customer service is absolutely fantastic.

    
Nov 27, 2023
John A.

I have been a Getsitecontrol user for almost 10 years. Overall it has grown my email marketing list by literally thousands of people. It's great.

    
Nov 2, 2023
JRNY

Big fan! The creation process was nice and simple. Great option if you need a simplified approach to popup generation and A/B testing.

    
Oct 24, 2023
Jackie Jennings

It has been instrumental for us to optimise the sign-up experience for customers. The level of information we receive on the back end is in far greater detail than any other apps offering this feature.

    
Sep 22, 2023
Kieran Alkerton

The app was easy to set up and integrates well with my store. We were originally using it for both our welcome offer and a referral popup.

    
Sep 22, 2023
Jordan H.

We use this tool to show exit intent popups on our site. Its main pros are the ease of everything from setup to analytics, and reporting is great. Anytime we have an issue support is super-fast.

    
Sep 20, 2023
Raw Pumpkin

Great app. A must-have for your ecommerce store. Using this app I got more insights about my audience and my store as well.

    
Sep 27, 2022
Australian Silo Art

This app is fantastic. It helps us get feedback from our customers (those that buy ad also those that choose not to) without being too intrusive.

    
Sep 6, 2022
Japandi Supply House

We used this app to increase email subscriptions. Immediately — the first day — we saw a major increase and it has not stopped.

    
July 22, 2022
Brighter Shaving

I've used this for mail capture, upsell, and cross-sell and seen an instant impact. Incredibly easy to use and the helpdesk is the most efficient and well-informed I've encountered with any Shopify apps.

    
Nov 19, 2021
Jens Hansen

Have tried a few different popup solutions so far and these guys are keepers! Amazing bang for the buck, pay monthly instead of annually and their support is crazy responsive…

    
Sep 20, 2021
Adrian McDonnell

For someone who is not very tech-savvy, I now have a widget I am proud of on my website!

    
May 12, 2021
Features
Blog

Fresh ideas and actionable guides to help you grow your business.

Know best tactics →
Help center

Find answers to your questions in our knowledge base.

Find an answer →
Use cases

Find out how to use widgets, with detailed tutorials and examples.

Explore scenarios →
Email templates

Discover professional email templates for different occasions.

See the gallery →
Community

Stay in the loop and access new templates in our Slack community.

Join now →
Explore our other products
Getform
Online forms & link trees for you. Generate leads without a website.
Find out more →
Aurora theme
A flexible and feature-rich Shopify theme to express your unique style.
Find out more →
Useful links
Make email marketing
work for you
Get started, it’s free →
Resources
Blog
Use cases
Community
Subject line generator
Scrolling text generator
Calligraphy text generator
Countdown timer generator
Image slideshow generator
Help
Contact us
Chat with us
Help center
FAQ
Company
About us
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Anti-Spam policy
© 2025 Getwebcraft Limited
contact@getsitecontrol.com