WAIR | Fit Tech AI that Helps Reduce Return Rates How it Works Wair Data Wair Blog Customer Login Request Demo Seamless Size Recommendations for Your Online Store The Confidence Engine Behind Your Conversions Your shoppers don’t know what size to buy, which leads to abandoned sessions, high return rates, and bracketing. Adding WAIR gives your customers size selection confidence, which increases your profitability. How does WAIR work PROVEN IMPACT Sizing Communication that Works! 4.3% Return Rate avg. decrease vs. control 19.1% Conversion Rate avg. increase vs. Control 25X ROI directly attributed to WAIR We’ll prove it with our A/B experiment. We run the test for you to save your team time and energy. Sales Demo TRUSTED BY SHOPIFY BRANDS Boosted performance & experience Just a few of the brands who increased conversion and reduced return rates after choosing an enhanced shopping experience with WAIR. Adrianna Papell, founded in NYC in 1980, began as a vision to help all women feel their most beautiful. The company fast evolved from daytime dresses to include elegant evening and cocktail wear. We're thrilled that customers have continued to respond to our classic design philosophy, allowing us to expand our brands and product lines. Explore our history and learn more about what makes Adrianna Papell special. Try WAIR Adrianna Papell, founded in NYC in 1980, began as a vision to help all women feel their most beautiful. The company fast evolved from daytime dresses to include elegant evening and cocktail wear. We're thrilled that customers have continued to respond to our classic design philosophy, allowing us to expand our brands and product lines. Explore our history and learn more about what makes Adrianna Papell special. Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Adrianna Papell How does WAIR work xSuit, the innovative menswear brand, partnered with WAIR to give shoppers precise fit guidance online. WAIR’s AI recommendations reduce sizing guesswork, boost confidence, and drive higher conversion—helping xSuit deliver tailored comfort and performance straight out of the box. Try WAIR xSuit, the innovative menswear brand, partnered with WAIR to give shoppers precise fit guidance online. WAIR’s AI recommendations reduce sizing guesswork, boost confidence, and drive higher conversion—helping xSuit deliver tailored comfort and performance straight out of the box. Try WAIR See WAIR in action with xSuit How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Carve Designs How does WAIR work As a multi-brand retailer, SwimOutlet needed a sizing solution that could handle complex fit challenges across dozens of brands. They chose WAIR for its shopper-friendly experience and unmatched fit accuracy—driving higher conversion, AOV, and overall profitability. Try WAIR As a multi-brand retailer, SwimOutlet needed a sizing solution that could handle complex fit challenges across dozens of brands. They chose WAIR for its shopper-friendly experience and unmatched fit accuracy—driving higher conversion, AOV, and overall profitability. Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Swim Outlet How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Frank & Eileen How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Lilly Pulitzer How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Tailored Athlete How does WAIR work Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR to give shoppers confidence in fit while shopping online. With WAIR’s accurate size recommendations, they reduced uncertainty, lifted conversions, and delivered a shopping experience as smooth as their style. Try WAIR Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR to give shoppers confidence in fit while shopping online. With WAIR’s accurate size recommendations, they reduced uncertainty, lifted conversions, and delivered a shopping experience as smooth as their style. Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Bad Birdie How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Elwood How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with BYLT How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with Johnnie-O How does WAIR work Try WAIR Try WAIR See WAIR in action with O'NEILL How does WAIR work “After pausing WAIR for a few months due to budget constraints, it became clear how important it was to our customer experience. We brought it back this time across both our website and mobile app because it removes friction from sizing decisions and helps reduce returns. WAIR just makes the path to purchase smoother.” Ryan Groh Director of eCommerce, BYLT Basics And Hundreds More HOW IT WORKS Sizing Communication that Works! 1.  WAIR solves the size and fit problem for shoppers 2.  Proven revenue lift from real A B Tests 3.  Powered by real body data, not guesses 4.  Recommends based on your products and shopper feedback, not generic data 5.  Fast and seamless shopper experience 6.  Actionable insights for design and merchandising 7.  Easy setup and clear ROI positive pricing model 8. Your fit engine gets smarter every day through continuous AI learning Stop losing customers because they don’t know what size to buy. Size confusion is responsible for 35% of abandoned carts and over 50% of returns. WAIR’s unique ability to predict shopper body dimensions and recommend the best fitting sizes of each product help more shoppers confidently convert, which increases your profit margins per shopping session. Learn about WAIR data No matter what you’re selling WAIR helps shoppers buy with confidence, reducing returns and boosting conversions. Jeans Try WAIR Shirt / Dress Shirt Try WAIR T-Shirt Try WAIR Pants / Trousers Try WAIR Skirt Try WAIR Jacket / Blazer Try WAIR Sweater / Hoodie Try WAIR Activewear / Leggings Try WAIR Jeans Try WAIR Shirt / Dress Shirt Try WAIR T-Shirt Try WAIR Pants / Trousers Try WAIR Skirt Try WAIR Jacket / Blazer Try WAIR Sweater / Hoodie Try WAIR Activewear / Leggings Try WAIR Brands choose WAIR Discover why hundreds of brands chose WAIR over all other fit tech providers to enhance their shopping experience. xSuit Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR for confident online shopping. WAIR’s size recommendations reduced uncertainty and improved conversions. View Case study Swim Outlet As a multi-brand retailer, SwimOutlet needed a sizing solution that could handle complex fit challenges across dozens of brands. They chose WAIR for its shopper-friendly experience and unmatched fit accuracy—driving higher conversion, AOV, and overall profitability. Download Case study xSuit Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR for confident online shopping. WAIR’s size recommendations reduced uncertainty and improved conversions. View Case study Bad Birdie Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR to give shoppers confidence in fit while shopping online. With WAIR’s accurate size recommendations, they reduced uncertainty, lifted conversions, and delivered a shopping experience as smooth as their style. Download Case study xSuit Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR for confident online shopping. WAIR’s size recommendations reduced uncertainty and improved conversions. View Case study SHE FIT SHEFIT, the performance sports bra brand, partnered with WAIR to ensure women find their perfect fit on the first try. By eliminating sizing uncertainty, WAIR helps SHEFIT boost conversions, reduce returns, and deliver the confident experience their shoppers expect. Download Case study Confident Sizing, Proven Results Watch how simple it is to integrate and start seeing measurable impact. WAIR can be installed on the following eCommerce Platforms Don’t see your platform, let us know.  We’re always building. SCHEDULE A DEMO See It in Action Book your free demo and explore how WAIR’s sizing intelligence transforms online shopping into confident buying. 500M Size recommendations delivered $623M Revenue generated by WAIR 50M Shoppers using WAIR 25X Return on Investment Name Email E-commerce store URL Message Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. TESTIMONIALS Shoppers love using WAIR Discover why millions of shoppers trust WAIR to deliver personalized sizing and a seamless shopping experience. The pants were a lot more stretchy than I had expected. Glad I listened to WAIR’s recommendation to size down for the best fit! Alex Thompson The widget recommended I choose Modern Fit over their Slim fit and happy I did. The Modern Fit works really well with my athletic build. Jordan Davis I am typically between a 2XL and 3XL for tops depending on the brand. WAIR recommended I size down to a 2XL, and it fit great! Marcus Brown I have a pear-shaped body and normally get nervous purchasing matching tops and bottoms. Their sizing app was able to detect my unique body shape and recommended a 10 in tops and a 12 in bottoms. Pretty impressive! Taylor Johnson I just moved to the US from Europe and the sizing is so different. I tried the size chart, but couldn’t figure it out. Finally, I used the size recommender and it worked perfectly. So happy I did… I love this jacket. Stefan Müller It was nice that I didn’t have to reach out to their support team about sizing. WAIR’s survey was super fast and easy. Michelle Lee I was so excited for this evening skirt. I normally wear a size 6 but the sizing tool recommended a size 4, and it was spot on… it fits like a glove. Emily Carter WAIR recommended I go with an XLarge, and it fit perfectly. I have an athletic build, so I was concerned about fit, but it was spot on. Adrian Chen Apparel Shopper First time buying from this brand and glad they have sizing assistance available on their site. I never know what sizes to buy the first time around. Daniel Green Apparel Shopper None of the models on their site look like me, so it was great having a tool to assist with finding my size. Jasmine Lopez Apparel Shopper It’s almost like having your own stylist there to help with sizing. The body survey is very easy to complete and I love how everything fit! Olivia Martinez Apparel Shopper Normally I just buy two different sizes and return the one that doesn’t fit, but I didn’t have to this time thanks to their sizing quiz. Chris Ramirez Apparel Shopper I’ve never shopped with this brand so was super nervous to make the first purchase. I tried the WAIR sizing tool and the size suggested fit me perfectly. Sophia Nguyen Apparel Shopper I’m tall, but with a short inseam. I entered my data into WAIR and it recommended a 30-inch inseam which fit me perfectly. I love these jeans. Hannah Blake Apparel Shopper I hate going into the store to try on swimwear, definitely an uncomfortable experience. It was nice having the option to know what size will fit me best when shopping online. Maya Patel Apparel Shopper Their size chart was extremely confusing. I wasn’t sure if it was showing product measurements or body measurements. Their sizing tool was much easier to use, definitely recommend going that route to find your size. Rebecca Evans Apparel Shopper The pants were a lot more stretchy than I had expected. Glad I listened to WAIR’s recommendation to size down for the best fit! Alex Thompson The widget recommended I choose Modern Fit over their Slim fit and happy I did. The Modern Fit works really well with my athletic build. Jordan Davis I am typically between a 2XL and 3XL for tops depending on the brand. WAIR recommended I size down to a 2XL, and it fit great! Marcus Brown I have a pear-shaped body and normally get nervous purchasing matching tops and bottoms. Their sizing app was able to detect my unique body shape and recommended a 10 in tops and a 12 in bottoms. Pretty impressive! Taylor Johnson I just moved to the US from Europe and the sizing is so different. I tried the size chart, but couldn’t figure it out. Finally, I used the size recommender and it worked perfectly. So happy I did… I love this jacket. Stefan Müller It was nice that I didn’t have to reach out to their support team about sizing. WAIR’s survey was super fast and easy. Michelle Lee I was so excited for this evening skirt. I normally wear a size 6 but the sizing tool recommended a size 4, and it was spot on… it fits like a glove. Emily Carter WAIR recommended I go with an XLarge, and it fit perfectly. I have an athletic build, so I was concerned about fit, but it was spot on. Adrian Chen Apparel Shopper First time buying from this brand and glad they have sizing assistance available on their site. I never know what sizes to buy the first time around. Daniel Green Apparel Shopper None of the models on their site look like me, so it was great having a tool to assist with finding my size. Jasmine Lopez Apparel Shopper It’s almost like having your own stylist there to help with sizing. The body survey is very easy to complete and I love how everything fit! Olivia Martinez Apparel Shopper Normally I just buy two different sizes and return the one that doesn’t fit, but I didn’t have to this time thanks to their sizing quiz. Chris Ramirez Apparel Shopper I’ve never shopped with this brand so was super nervous to make the first purchase. I tried the WAIR sizing tool and the size suggested fit me perfectly. Sophia Nguyen Apparel Shopper I’m tall, but with a short inseam. I entered my data into WAIR and it recommended a 30-inch inseam which fit me perfectly. I love these jeans. Hannah Blake Apparel Shopper I hate going into the store to try on swimwear, definitely an uncomfortable experience. It was nice having the option to know what size will fit me best when shopping online. Maya Patel Apparel Shopper Their size chart was extremely confusing. I wasn’t sure if it was showing product measurements or body measurements. Their sizing tool was much easier to use, definitely recommend going that route to find your size. Rebecca Evans Apparel Shopper We integrate well with these solution providers The leading size recommendation platform helping apparel brands reduce returns and boost conversions. The leading size recommendation platform helping apparel brands reduce returns and boost conversions. Product How it Works WAIR Data WAIR Blog Customer Login Request Demo Product Shopify BigCommerce Magento 2 Salesforce Commerce Cloud Custom Platforms Legal SAAS Agreement Privacy Policy Partnership Agreement hello@getwair.com ©2025 WAIR. All Rights Reserved. See Case Study → As a multi-brand retailer, SwimOutlet needed a sizing solution that could handle complex fit challenges across dozens of brands. They chose WAIR for its shopper-friendly experience and unmatched fit accuracy—driving higher conversion, AOV, and overall profitability. See Case Study → Bad Birdie, the bold golf apparel brand, chose WAIR to give shoppers confidence in fit while shopping online. With WAIR’s accurate size recommendations, they reduced uncertainty, lifted conversions, and delivered a shopping experience as smooth as their style. See Case Study → SHEFIT, the performance sports bra brand, partnered with WAIR to ensure women find their perfect fit on the first try. By eliminating sizing uncertainty, WAIR helps SHEFIT boost conversions, reduce returns, and deliver the confident experience their shoppers expect.