Xray - Native Test Management for Jira Products Xray Test Management Xray Enterprise Xray Exploratory Testing Xray Premium Onboarding Solutions By Use Case By Industry Agile Testing Exploratory Testing Test Automation Finance Technology Medical Customers Partners Find a Partner Integrations Become a Partner Integrate with Xray Resources Blog eBooks Webinars Xray Academy Documentation Migration to Cloud Solution Architecture Support Company About us News & Press Contact us The future of testing is here — powered by Xray AI's capabilities. Generate smarter test cases and models in seconds, while staying in control every step of the way. TRY NOW CONTACT US NATIVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT Better software. Together. Unlock AI-Powered Test Case and Model Generation AI Test Case Generation instantly creates manual or BDD test cases for smarter, faster test design. AI Test Model Generation (Xray Enterprise only) transforms requirements into visual models, uncovering gaps and expanding coverage. No bug left behind Cover everything. With all development requirements naturally linked to testing, you’ll never overlook another test. Now, quality is built right into everything you develop. Goodbye silos Development and QA, united as they should be. With Xray, QA and Development use the same naming and terminology, and they clearly see each other’s processes, so quality runs with DevOps agility. Work in the same flow Streamline development and testing into a single collaborative workflow. With teams perfectly aligned, they run tests with sprinter speed and marathon consistency. More on Xray Test Management Discover More of Our Products GLOBAL REACH Quality in numbers 10 K Customers 135 Countries 100 M Test Cases 10 M Users CUSTOMER SUCCESS Quality speaks for itself "We at BMW Group rely heavily on enterprise-ready, robust and mature software. After evaluating some competitors over a longer time we finally decided for Xray. This high-quality software supports agile development processes very well, integrates smoothly into Jira and proves to be the missing part for testing in Jira in any aspect." Michael Merwald, Test Manager | BMW “Xray brought our engineers back to using a centralized tool for their test execution and specification. Xray has a very simple UI and a great API, so folks need only a couple of minutes to get used to it, without any training necessary. Xpand IT team always has an open ear for feature requests and a quick reaction on bug fixes.” Florian Rohde, Team Manager | Tesla “Support service so heart-warming it almost melts you. Seriously, the questions I addressed were pretty hardcore but every item was resolved with a very detailed answer. After some ideas of mine, even an improvement report was created – looking forward to working with you guys.” Robert Aksenov, Test Architect | T-Systems POWERING THE Software Quality Lifecycle Cover All Your Bases Optimize every part of the SDLC value chain with Xray’s powerful range of solutions. Always On Call Resolve issues fast, no matter when they come up, with award-winning 24/7 customer support. Expert Network Tap into our network of industry leaders for top-of-the-line training, sales demos, and solutions. Start developing better software together. TRY NOW LEARN MORE ABOUT Native Quality Management BLOG Read the latest in software testing and QA Read now PARTNERS Need implementation support or have specific needs? Find an Xray Partner. Learn more RESOURCES Level-up your knowledge with our ebooks, demos and tutorials Learn more DOCUMENTATION Learn more about our products Read now Products Xray Test Management Xray Exploratory Testing Xray Enterprise Xray Premium Onboarding Solutions By Use Case Agile Testing Test Automation Exploratory Testing By Industry Finance Technology Medical Partners Find a Partner Integrations Become a Partner Integrate with Xray Resources Blog eBooks Webinars Xray Academy Documentation Migration to Cloud Solution Architecture Support Company About us News & Press Customers Contact us © 2025 Xray. All rights reserved. Legal Terms | Privacy Policy