Ghar Soaps: India's Best De-tan Soaps & Skincare Products |Get Freebie
– GHAR SOAPS Skip to content Pause slideshow Play slideshow Enjoy Free Shipping On Prepaid  Orders + Exciting Freebies🎁 Soaps Face Body Best Seller New Launch icon-X Close menu Build Your Own Bundle Buy Any 4 @ ₹899 Buy Any 3 @ ₹699 Shop All Best Seller Shop By Category Soap Serum Body New Launch Best Sellers Shop By Concern Tanning Dark Spots Acne Exfoliation Best Selling Combos New Launch Track Shipment Log in instagram Instagram Shop All Search Site navigation GHAR SOAPS Track Shipment Log in Search Cart New Launches Build Your Own Bundle Buy Any 4 @ ₹899 Buy Any 3 @ ₹699 Shop By Category Soaps Serums Face Body Best Sellers New Launch Shop By Concern Tanning Dark Spots & Pigmentation Acne Exfoliation Combos Bulk Order Search Search Cart (0) You are 2 products away from 1st freebie Similar Products Magic Face wash With Saffron and Lactic Acid Rs. 449 Rs. 299 (33% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | Hurry up Only 15 Left! Magic Face wash Magic Face wash + Magic Soap Magic Face wash Duo Add to Cart Kojic Acid & Turmeric Face Wash Rs. 449 Rs. 299 (33% OFF) 4.8
              

              
                | 2.5k+ sold Last week! Kojic Face Wash Kojic Face Wash+ Kojic Soap Kojic Face Wash Duo Add to Cart Salicylic Acid Face Wash For Oily & Acne Prone Skin Rs. 449 Rs. 299 (33% OFF) 4.5
              

              
                | 2K+ Gone! Salicylic Acid Face Wash Salicylic Acid Face Wash + Magic Soap Salicylic Acid Face Wash Duo Add to Cart Aloe-Ceramide Face Wash For Dry to Normal Skin Rs. 449 Rs. 299 (33% OFF) 5.0
              

              
                | Hurry!!! 350+ Sold Out Aloe-Ceramide Face Wash Aloe-Ceramide Face Wash+ Aloe ceramide Soap Aloe ceramide Face Wash Duo Add to Cart Magic Soap (Sandal Wood and Saffron Soap) Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | 10L+ Sold Out!! bestseller Pack of 1 Pack of 2 Pack of 3 Pack of 6 Pack of 9 Pack of 12 Add to Cart Magic De-Tan & Exfoliating Body Wash with Saffron & Lactic Acid Rs. 549 Rs. 499 (9% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | 5.6k Sold Last Week! Magic Body wash Magic Body wash + Black Gloves + Sunscreen 60ml Add to Cart Kojic Acid 2 % Soap with Niacinamide Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | Hurry! only 21 Left⏳ bestseller 1 x Pack ( 1 Soap ) 3 x Pack ( 3 Soap ) 6 x Pack ( 6 Soap ) 12 x Pack ( 12 Soap ) Add to Cart Magic Glow Sunscreen with SPF 50+ & PA++++ Rs. 399 Rs. 249 (38% OFF) 5.0
              

              
                | 1067 Sold Last Week! 30ml 60ml Add to Cart Magic Soap & Exfoliating Body Glove Combo Rs. 699 Rs. 499 (29% OFF) 4.7 Black Pink Add to Cart Magic Toner Rs. 554 Rs. 499 (10% OFF) 4.5
              

              
                | Only 16 Left!!! Magic Toner Magic Toner+ Cream + Susncreen Magic Toner+ Cream + Susncreen+ Soap Add to Cart Coconut Soap Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% OFF) 4.5
              

              
                | Only 33 Left! Pack of 1 Pack of 3 Pack of 6 Add to Cart Ghar Soaps Natural Soaps Trio Rs. 549 Rs. 499 (9% OFF) 4.3 Add to Cart Aqua Soap Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% OFF) 4.8
              

              
                | 5k+ Bought Last Month bestseller 1 Pack 3 Pack 6 Pack Add to Cart Exfoliating Body Glove Rs. 554 Rs. 499 (10% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | Only 57 Left!!! Pack of 1 Black Pack of 2 Black Pack of 1 Peach Pink Pack of 2 Peach Pink Add to Cart Aloe Ceramide Soap Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% OFF) 4.7
              

              
                | 2.4k Sold Last Month!! Pack of 1 3 x Pack ( 3 Soap ) 6 x Pack ( 6 Soap ) Add to Cart Free Shipping on all Orders Grand Total Rs. 0 (Inc. All Taxes) You are 2 products away from first freebie Rs. 0 Rs. 0 0 View Cart Soaps Face Body Best Sellers New Launch Shop now Shop Now Shop Now Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Bringing The Comfort of Home to Your Daily Routine. Soaps Face Body Best sellers New Launch Shop Our Bestsellers Magic Soap (Sandal Wood and Saffron Soap) 4.7 2926 Reviews | 10L+ Sold Out!! Watch those tan lines vanish with me every day! I'm your De-tan Magician, offering stress-free relief with a delightful fragrance. With saffron, sandalwood, and coconut oil by my side, I'll make your skin radiant, bright, and moisturized. Pack of 1 (9% off) Pack of 2 (13% off) Pack of 3 (9% off) Pack of 6 (14% off) Pack of 9 (10% off) Pack of 12 (11% off) Rs. 210 Rs. 192 (9% off) Add to Cart bestseller Magic Face wash With Saffron and Lactic Acid 4.7 145 Reviews | Hurry up Only 15 Left! I’m the exit gate for the years of tanning you’ve had! With the brightening properties of saffron, glutathione, and lactic acid, I’m here to bring back your natural glow and make you shine. And last but not least, I’m not gender-biased; I’m suitable for all. Magic Face wash (33% off) Magic Face wash + Magic Soap (43% off) Magic Face wash Duo (39% off) Rs. 449 Rs. 299 (33% off) Add to Cart Magic Cream with Saffron & Niacinamide for De-Tan & Skin Brightening 4.8 36 Reviews | 50k+ Sold Out!!! Call Me the Skin Brightening Magician! Ingredients like Saffron, Kojic Acid, and Niacinamide strengthen my magic to reduce tan and moisturize skin. That’s not all, I’m not like those sticky, greasy chip chip Creapy creams I’m like feather soft, smooth & Light. Magic Cream (10% off) Soap + Sunscreen + Cream (27% off) Cream + Soap + Sunscreen + Toner (27% off) Rs. 554 Rs. 499 (10% off) Add to Cart Magic Body Lotion with Saffron and Niacinamide Hurry!!! 468+ Sold out I’m the magic you need to reduce tan and hydrate your skin. My formula is powered by saffron, lactic acid, and niacinamide, known to brighten and smooth your skin. My magic is non-biased, and it works well for all skin types and all genders. Body lotion (17% off) Body lotion + Magic Soap Pack of 1 (14% off) Body lotion + Magic Soap Pack of 3 (11% off) Rs. 599 Rs. 499 (17% off) Add to Cart View All No more tan tantrums or dryness drama. Introducing Magic Body Lotion, infused with saffron and niacinamide to reduce tan and hydrate your skin, with a non-sticky, lightweight, and quick-absorbing formula. Buy Now Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Discover the gentle touch of nature in every bar Shop By Concern Tanning Dark spots Acne Exfoliation NEW LAUNCH Hot Sellers Combos Why Ghar Soaps ? Paraben & SLS Free Contains Natural Ingredients Approved Fragrances Toxin Free What People Say Disha O. I am using this soap since 1 month and results are amazing. My skin tanning is reduced , also the smell of soap is so nice. Thank you Ghar Soaps Read More Shop Now Maithili Jha Acne Antidode I just Love this its been a month i've Started using this but the Results had totally amazed me Read More Shop Now Pradnya Kulkarni Nic Face Wash at good price. Visibly cleared my tanning after a long vacation. Definitely going to restock Read More Shop Now Vibha Sharma These soaps are really very good. I used this for last 2 months and i can see the results.  and also smells really good.So i ordered pack of 3 soap for more result. Nice products🩷🩷 Read More Shop Now Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase Download App and Get 10% Off On First Purchase From the Founders We notice soaps that are available in the market are nothing more than Zhaag (simply lather) & fully loaded with Harsh Chemicals Like SLS, Paraben, Phthalates causing more problems than they resolve for your skin.That’s why we decided to create a soaps that not only smells amazing but also delivers genuine results. And that’s how GharSoaps was born! And growing each & every day by proving its worth with undeniable results. -Sunny Jain and Sayyam Jain Blogs Benefits of Using Face Serum in your Skincare Routine Read More What Is AHA & BHA: All You Should Know Read More How to deal with dry, flaky skin this winter Read More Experience The Magic Of Paraben-Free, SLS-Free Skincare Products Online If you could ever unlock your grandma's skin care secrets, you would find that nature has some of the most powerful remedies hiding in plain sight. At Ghar Soaps we believe in this gentle wisdom. Therefore, we have taken age-old skin care rituals and enhanced them with modern skin science. Our goal is to give you the best skin care products for dry skin, oily skin, and combination skin that help you rediscover healthy and radiant skin, that too without the use of any harsh chemicals. No matter if you have oily skin, dry skin, sensitive skin, or combination skin, our range of skin care products for combination skin and other skin types has been reimagined for the best results. Get Your Hands On The Best Products For Your Skincare Routine From These Categories A good day starts with good skin! And, when we talk about writing your glow story, we've got to talk about the best products for your skincare routine from Ghar Soaps. Best Bathing Soaps Ghar Soaps’ best bathing soaps in India are where effective skincare begins. These are gentle, effective, and cleanse your skin without compromise. Magic Soap (Sandalwood and Saffron) Our Magic soap is your everyday de-tan magician. This de-tan soap helps reduce tan, exfoliates gently, and leaves your skin feeling soft and radiant. Kojic Acid 2% Soap with Niacinamide This skincare product can target dark spots and pigmentation. In our Kojic Soap , Kojic Acid and niacinamide work together to give you an even-toned and glowing skin. Coconut Soap Our coconut soap is no less than a hydration-packed in bar. The goodness of coconut oil and coconut powder makes your skin soft and nourished. Aqua Soap You can think of our cooling soap as a skin's glass of water. Aloe vera extracts, Coconut oil, Olive oil, and vitamin E can cleanse your skin while locking in moisture. This is a highly recommended skincare product for dry skin. Exfoliating Coffee Soap Our coffee soap is like your morning wake-up call. It can exfoliate dead skin and help reduce tan with the help of energising Coffee Powder. Aloe Ceramide Soap This is a go-to exfoliating soap for skin that is thirsty and tired. The goodness of ceramides, oats, and aloe provides gentle exfoliation and hydration. Palash Soap The Palash Soap is your daily dose of glow. This best soap for glowing skin is a great skincare product for dry skin, oily skin, or combination skin that doesn't just cleanse, but revives your glow. Infused with the goodness of Palash Extracts that can soothe and refine pores, and Palash Powder that gently exfoliates, this soap can do wonders for boosting your natural radiance and improving your skin health. If you are looking to buy skincare products that make your skin soft, smooth, and even, this is an excellent choice for you. Mitti Soap If earthy goodness had a name, this would be it. This mud soap is made with Mountain Pond Mitti from Rajasthan, Rose petals, and Cactus extracts; the Mitti soap is full of minerals that can gently exfoliate, purify, and detox your skin. The fine clay particles can remove dead cells while restoring your skin's natural softness. Milk Soap This moisturising soap is enriched with the power of milk and milk powder. The Milk Soap is a hydration superhero that can deeply nourish and brighten your skin while taking care of its natural moisture value. Highly recommended as a skincare product for dry skin, oily skin, and combination skin. This soap can cleanse, soften, smoothen, and make your skin supple. Face Care Products Our best face care products have some of the best skincare ingredients that will brighten, nourish, and protect your glow. Magic Face Wash with Sandalwood and Glutathione Unveil your hidden glow with our de-tan face wash that can gently cleanse your skin while reducing tanning and brightening your face. Kojic Acid and Turmeric Face Wash This Kojic Acid face wash targets spots and pigmentation while giving your skin an even tone. Anti-Acne Face Wash with Salicylic Acid and Neem This face wash can fight acne while being gentle to sensitive skin. This neem face wash is a great choice for those who are looking for skincare products for oily skin. Magic Face Toner with Sandalwood and Saffron This face toner for glowing skin can minimise pores and refresh your skin with its gentle and non-sticky hydration. Face Clean Towel This face towel has a super soft texture, and it can work wonders for helping reduce acne. This is a USDA-approved, biodegradable product that will protect your skin and keep it clean and fresh. Body Care Products Enjoy soft and healthy skin from head to toe with our bodycare products . With our best skin care products, soft skin won't just be a luxury, but a daily habit. Magic Glow Sunscreen SPF 50+ and PA++++ This is one of the best SPF 50 sunscreen for your skin care routine, as it can block UVA, UVB, and blue light without a sticky cast. This is your everyday sun shield for managing tanning. Magic D-Tan and Exfoliating Body Wash With Saffron and Lactic Acid This is a very effective exfoliating body wash that helps remove dead skin while managing tan. Consequently, leaving your skin soft and fresh. Magic Cream with Saffron and Niacinamide This skin brightening cream can moisturise your skin while reducing tan and pigmentation. No chip chip, just glow. Exfoliating Body Glove Made with Turkish Silk Fibers, our Exfoliating Body Gloves can remove dead skin and keep those strawberry legs away. Lip Care Products No matter if you're dealing with chapped lips or lip tanning from sun exposure, our lip balms will heal, hydrate, and protect. Kojic Lip Balm The Kojic Lip Balm is specially formulated to help reduce dark spots and lighten pigmented lips over time. With SPF 30, it also acts as a shield against the damaging effects of sun rays. Magic Lip Balm If you want soft and supple lips, the Magic Lip Balm with SPF is your go-to product. It is packed with all the skin-loving ingredients that can help you smooth dry lips, while keeping your lips protected with SPF 30. Browse Through Our Collection Of Skincare Products According To Skin Concern Great skin does not happen by chance, but by choosing the right skincare products. We believe that every skin concern has a solution, and Ghar Soaps is here to help you find the right one; De Tan Products Tanning is not just about sun exposure and tan lines, but also about the manner in which your skin loses its natural brightness over time. To manage tan, we've crafted de tan products that can gently reduce tan while restoring your skin's glow. Some of our top-rated d-tan products are   Magic Glow Sunscreen SPF 50+ and PA++++, Magic Soap with  Sandalwood & Saffron, Magic Face Wash with Sandalwood And Glutathione, and Magic Face Toner with Sandalwood & Saffron. We also have Skin Brightening Kit and Magic Brighten Up Trio for you to explore. Dark Spots and Pigmentation Products Spots and pigmentation can make your skin look uneven and dull. Our best products for dark spots and pigmentation are packed by broken scientific ingredients, which can help fade marks, reduce pigmentation, and give you the confidence of clear skin. Some of our products that work effectively for dark spots and pigmentation are Kojic Acid 2% Soap With Niacinamide, Kojic Acid and Turmeric Face Wash. Anti-Acne Products Besides being a skin issue, acne can affect your confidence too. To that end, our anti-acne products can help control breakouts without stripping the skin off natural oils. Some of our products for acne care are anti-acne face wash with salicylic acid and neem, and our face clean towels. Exfoliate Products Exfoliation is the secret to softer and healthier skin. After all, old skin must go for new and healthy skin to glow. Our exfoliate products can help remove dead skin, and leave your skin feeling smooth, fresh, and bright. Some of our highly recommended products for exfoliation are our exfoliating body glove, aqua soap, magic soap with sandalwood and saffron, coconut soap, aloe, ceramide soap, exfoliating back scrubber, etc. Why Choose Ghar Soaps For Skincare Products? At Ghar Soaps, we believe that the best products for skincare routine should do more than just foam! They should nourish, repair, rejuvenate, and make you glow. What makes Ghar Soaps different, you ask? We have Paraben and SLS free formulations. We use the most effective ingredients in our skin care products that have been enhanced by science-backed actives. No matter if you have oily skin, dry skin, or combination skin; you can buy skincare products from us that are thoughtfully formulated for everyone. We focus on toxin-free skincare products to ensure that your skin gets the care it deserves. Our soaps and body care products are made using IFRA approved fragrances. At Ghar Soaps, we are all about delivering undeniable results. Loved by 97% of users who saw real results. 10,000 plus 5-star reviews for our skin care products for glowing skin. Frequently Asked Questions Can I buy Ghar Soap's skincare products online? Yes, you can buy our skincare products from our website. You can browse through our curated categories that include soaps, body care, and concern-based solutions like tanning, pigmentation, acne, and exfoliation. Are Ghar soap products suitable for oily skin, dry skin, and combination skin? Yes, we have skincare products for oily skin, dry skin, and combination skin. From hydrating soaps like our coconut soap to exfoliators like our coffee soap, there is something for every skin type. Having said that, a patch test is always recommended to look for signs of skin irritation. What are the best skincare products for a basic skincare routine? You can start with our magic soap for everyday cleansing, magic cream with saffron and niacinamide for moisturization and then follow it up with our magic glow sunscreen SPF 50 plus and PA++++ for sun protection. Popular Searches Wax Powder | Hydrating Soap | Face Towel | Kojic Acid Face Wash | Kojic Acid Lip Balm | Best Product For Pigmentation | Exfoliating Body Wash | Lip Balm For Tanned Lips | De Tan Face Wash | Back Scrubber | Vitamin C Serum | Kojic Acid Serum | Salicylic Acid Serum | Exfoliating Gel | Best De Tan Cream | Face Toner | Natural Soap | Sunscreen Spf 50 | Vitamin C Serum | Face Wash | Body Lotion | Body Wash Popular Blogs How To Reduce Tan From Tan & Body | Kojic Acid Benefits For Skin | Benefits of Saffron On Skin | What is PA+++ In Sunscreen | Cleanser Vs Face Wash: Which is Better Read more Download the app by clicking the link below : ABOUT US ABOUT US Home Soaps Face Body Best Seller Blog Track Order Explore Explore New Launches Build Your Own Bundle Shop By Category Shop By Concern Combos Bulk Order CONCERN CONCERN Dark Spots Tanning Exfoliation Acne CUSTOMER SERVICE CUSTOMER SERVICE Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Return & Replacement Policy Contact Us Shipping Policy Refund policy Track Order About Us Social media Social media instagram Instagram Follow Us on Instagram For Latest Update on New Launches and New Offers. Fraud alert Fraud alert Scams via calls, SMS, WhatsApp, emails, and other platforms are increasing. Gharsoaps never asks for payments outside our official website or app, nor for contests, lucky draws, or free gifts. For suspicious messages, contact support@gharsoaps.in or report them on the Chakshu Portal to the Department of Telecommunications (DOT). Stay alert and protect your information. icon-X "Close (esc)" icon-X icon-chevron icon-X Ghar Soaps: India's Best De-tan Soaps & Skincare Products |Get Freebie