Ghostscript The #1 PDF Conversion Tool and SDK Available Today Ghostscript offers unmatched PDL conversion, multi-platform support, and customizable modules. Your go-to solution for print and document management. Download Contact Us Ghostscript Solutions at a Glance Ghostscript offers a suite of tools for printing, conversion, and workflow automation. Explore our products built for speed, flexibility, and seamless document processing. Ghostscript Ghostscript is an interpreter for the PostScript® language and PDF files. Ghostscript consists of a PostScript interpreter layer and a graphics library. Ghostscript Enterprise Ghostscript Enterprise is a commercial version of GhostPDL which can also read and process a range of common office documents, including Word, PowerPoint and Excel. GhostPDF The new Ghostscript PDF interpreter, written entirely in C, is now enabled as the default. It is also available as a standalone, PDF only, binary. GhostPCL GhostPCL is an interpreter for PCL™ and PXL files. This consists of an PCL/PXL interpreter built upon the Ghostscript graphics library. GhostXPS GhostXPS is an interpreter for XPS (XML Paper Specfication) files. This consists of an XPS interpreter built upon the Ghostscript graphics library. GhostPDL We've brought the entire Ghostscript family of products together which includes all four elements. Need Advanced PDF Extraction? Check out MuPDF — the fast and lightweight solution for document parsing, compatible with Python, .NET, JavaScript, C#, and more. Learn more Flexible Integration Options Ghostscript can be called as a standalone command line application, or can be integrated with your application directly as an SDK. Feature Rich Ghostscript's breadth of features including imposition, superior color management, native rendering to raster and conversion to vector formats, and custom screening technologies deliver high-quality color reproduction and printing with every job. Compatibility Written entirely in C, Ghostscript runs on most operating systems and platforms including Windows, macOS, the wide variety of Unix and Unix-like platforms, VMS and many embedded systems. Performance At just 3 MB, there's no smaller or faster print engine on the market. Ghostscript has been optimized to ensure your print jobs process quickly and accurately. Quality Assurance Our rigorous, continuous benchmark testing, including daily regression testing of code and QualityLogic conformance testing, ensures the highest quality performance available. Range of Uses Ghostscript integrations range from host-based, embedded, SaaS and cloud solutions. The Ghostscript engine has been used in printers, MFPs, RIPs, document management systems, PDF generation tools, and cloud-based printing. Flexible Our wide array of device drivers and external library support enable endless customization options to ensure Ghostscript fits your project needs. High Performance Interpreters Ghostscript offers native rendering and conversion of all major page description languages to raster and vector files, as well as ASCII text. Whatever your input and output needs, Ghostscript has the flexibility to not only meet, but exceed your requirements. Download Contact Us Ghostscript Features 30 Years of Technology Evolutions Ghostscript can be called as a standalone command line application, or can be integrated with your application directly as an SDK. Ghostscript PDF Interpreter Rewritten entirely in C, the new implementation delivers a standalone PDF interpreter that is faster and more secure than its predecessor, written in PostScript. Read the Blog post Overprint Simulation All output devices are now capable of simulating overprinting and spot colors, regardless of the capabilities of the target device. DOCX We've added the ability to output to the Microsoft Word “docx” format with our newly implemented “docxwrite” device. Map Text to Black Text drawn by an input job can be forced to draw in solid black. This applies to text fill and text stroke operations. Enhanced N-up Functionality N-up imposition functionality has been expanded to handle all input file types including PDF, PCL, XPS, as well as improved handling of PostScript. Language Bindings Bindings for Python, C#, and Java have been added for the gsapi interface. Demos and sample apps are available for review. OCR We've added OCR device support to Ghostscript as of the 9.53 release. Convert printed paper documents, scanned raster images, digital camera images, etc. into searchable PDF text documents. Powerful PDF Compression Reduce file sizes without losing quality. Whether you want to compress PDFs for faster load times, storage efficiency, or SaaS applications, Ghostscript delivers enterprise-grade compression with full control over settings. Cobalt Acceleration Library The Cobalt Acceleration Library (CAL) is designed to deliver significant performance enhancements to both embedded and host-based systems. CAL delivers superior speed and print quality. Learn more Graphics Library The Ghostscript graphics engine supports multiple imaging models: Postscript Level 3, PDF 2.0, PCL 5e/5c/XL, and XPS. Learn more Color Management Supports ICC standards throughout the entire workflow, allowing you to interface your color management system easily and seamlessly with Ghostscript to ensure accurate color rendering each and every time. Learn more Screening Ghostscript offers three high-performance screening technologies: Even Toned Screening, Error Diffusion Screening, and Threshold Array Screening. Learn more Interpreters The Ghostscript family of interpreters offers native rendering of all major page description languages. In addition to rendering to raster, Ghostscript offers the capability of high-level conversion through our vector output devices. Learn more Trapping Color Approximation Trapping, is a mechanism for performing configurable bitmap based trapping as part of the Ghostscript rendering process. Learn more More Features Ghostscript's breadth and depth of features makes it a veritable "Swiss army knife", a customizable software solution for addressing complex imaging and printing requirements. Learn more Ghostscript Enterprise This commercial version of Ghostscript enables reading and processing of office documents. Now you can interpret extended document types such as Word, PowerPoint and Excel all with the power of Ghostscript. See Docs Contact Us