Groundhog Technologies | A Global Mobility Intelligence & Geolocation Provider Groundhog Technologies | A Global Mobility Intelligence & Geolocation Provider ABOUT US SOLUTIONS CovMo™ MI™ for Advertisers MI™ for Operators RealMotion™ NEWS ESG Sustainability Environmental Social Governance Stakeholders INVESTORS Financial Results Shareholder Services IR Events IR Contacts CONTACT Locations Contact Form Jobs English English 繁體中文 日本語 No menu assigned! Groundhog Technologies | A Global Mobility Intelligence Provider Building Mobility Intelligence Our Mobility Intelligence Platform provides operators with deep insights on subscribers’ mobility and usage behavior. It is the solution that will help them achieve optimal network performances and transform their rich data assets into monetizable business opportunities. Explore Mobility Intelligence for Operators Accelerating Your 5G Transition We are a leading global provider for AI-powered mobile big data analytics. Our solutions enable unmatched visibility into the mobile network, providing operators with holistic insights to deliver superior customer experience and accelerate their 5G deployments. Explore CovMo Total Advertising Solutions Our MI-DMP™ and MI-DSP™ precisely target the right audience by utilizing first-party data and enhanced Al algorithms. Learn more about how programmatic advertising can benefit your business. Explore Mobility
Intelligence for Advertisers 1 1 EMPOWERING YOUR NETWORK WITH MOBILITY INTELLIGENCE CovMo TM The mobile operators’ preeminent Geo-Location choice for identifying and resolving the multitude of challenges facing RAN Network optimization, VIP care, and small cell strategy. Combining the Geo-KPIs and proven superior accuracy, the customer-centric application allows the operator to better understand the quality of service from the individual subscriber’s perspective. Mobility Intelligence™ for Advertisers With our decade of experience with telco data, high-quality of data expertise, and dedicated customer support, our customers are able to figure out the trend of mobility, identify their most valuable users and engage them precisely and transparently. Mobility Intelligence™ for Operators For Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) who want to enter and profit from the Mobile Advertising marketplace, we offer a Demand-side platform (MI-DSP™) that is integrated with an MNO-Specific Data Management Platform (MI-DMP™). RealMotion TM RealMotion™ reveals and visualizes the subscribers’ movement from Geolocation data to go beyond conventional Contact Tracing. To combat the COVID-19 pandemic, RealMotion™’s Public Health Solution specifically enhances public-private partnerships that empowers operators to identify infected individuals, retrace infected locations as well as detect asymptomatic carriers. Quarantine and curfew analysis are also provided as a proactive approach to assist operators and government agencies in keeping the spread of the infection low. GROUNDHOG PRESENCE 1 B+ mobile subscribers 40% rollout map worldwide 24/7 nationwide mobile data THE PREMIERE SOLUTION PROVIDER IN THE TELECOM INDUSTRY For two decades, Groundhog Technologies has been a leading provider of mobile big data analytics for the world’s leading mobile operators. Today 10 out of the top 25 mobile operators globally are our customers. Our innovations have enabled stakeholders to increase efficiency across a range of technical and commercial value drivers and maintain a high level of service for their customers. November 11, 2025 in News Groundhog Leads the Era of Multi-Orbit Satellite Communication Intelligence, Building the Core Intelligence Engine for Integrated Terrestrial-Satellite Networks Through Data Insights and AI The global communications industry is entering a pivotal turning point. As large-scale satellite networks continue to expand, terrestrial telecom systems are becoming deeply integrated with space-based communications. Infrastructure once dominated by cell sites and fiber networks is rapidly evolving into a unified “space–ground” architecture. Groundhog places data analytics at its core, combining AI-driven algorithms and automated logic to help operators gain full visibility into network conditions, identify bottlenecks, and achieve intelligent optimization. By transforming massive volumes of network data into actionable insights, we empower precise and informed decision-making. Read More September 8, 2025 in APAC , News Groundhog Showcases AI-Driven Geolocation at the 2025 Smart Network SIG Workshop Groundhog is proud to have Dr. Osamah Ibrahiem present “Networks That Think: AI-Driven Geolocation for Intelligent Open RAN Optimization” at the 2025 Smart Network SIG Workshop. Read More March 2, 2025 in APAC , Blog , News Groundhog Technologies Revolutionizes O-RAN Applications Developments for rApps Partnering with Keysight and Rakuten Symphony Groundhog Technologies is proud to announce its latest achievement in O-RAN space, further solidifying its position as a leading innovator in mobile network optimization. In collaboration with Keysight Technologies and Rakuten Symphony. Read More February 26, 2025 in Blog , News Groundhog to Showcase CovMo Gen AI platform and rAPP Suite at MWC 2025 in Barcelona Groundhog Technologies is set to showcase its Mobility Intelligence-based solutions at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Barcelona 2025 to highlight advancements in real-time 5G-SA geolocation, network slicing, beamforming, vertical KPI analysis, virtual drive testing, VIP/subscriber care, and CovMo AI Assistant using Large Language Model and Intelligent Language Interface for AI-powered automation and decisions. Read More CONTACT US Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy ISO 9001:2015 © 2001-2025 Groundhog Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. ABOUT US SOLUTIONS CovMo™ MI™ for Advertisers MI™ for Operators RealMotion™ NEWS ESG Sustainability Environmental Social Governance Stakeholders INVESTORS Financial Results Shareholder Services IR Events IR Contacts CONTACT Locations Contact Form Jobs English English 繁體中文 日本語