Giesecke+Devrient - SecurityTech SecurityTech by G+D About us Careers Contact EN | DE SecurityTech by G+D Digital Security Digital Security Connectivity & IoT Connectivity & IoT Asset Tracking IoT Connectivity SIM eSIM iSIM SIM & Device Management Network & Data Security IoT Shop Identity Technology Identity Technology Enterprise Security Product and Brand Protection Health Solutions Veridos Digital Infrastructures Digital Infrastructures Post-quantum cryptography secunet Digital Security Whether in IoT connectivity, identity technology, or digital infrastructures: we are the trusted partner for digital security of governments, public authorities and enterprises worldwide. Overview Financial Platforms Financial Platforms Trusted Software Trusted Software Digital Payments and Wallets Authentication Solutions Digital Commerce Wearable Payment Enablement Mobile Ticketing G+D Netcetera Payment Technology Payment Technology Smart Cards Card Issuance Services Digital First Financial Platforms We create holistic customer journeys from onboarding and authentication over card issuance to a frictionless checkout in eCommerce – taking the complexity out of financial services. Overview Currency Technology Currency Technology Digital Currency Ecosystem Digital Currency Ecosystem Retail CBDC Wholesale CBDC Offline Digital Payment Token Management Currency Management Currency Management Scalable Cash Cycle Solutions Intelligent Automation Solutions Digital Solutions Innovative Service Solutions Banknote Solutions Banknote Solutions Banknote Design Banknote Security Technology Banknote Production Currency Technology As a market leader and reliable partner for currency technology, we provide highly secure and efficient solutions at all stages of the currency cycle – both in physical and digital ecosystems. Overview Industries Industries Automotive Automotive Banking & Payments Banking & Payments Commercial & Retail Banks FinTech Payment Service Provider Casino Casino Energy & Utilities Energy & Utilities Enterprise Enterprise Government & Public Sector Government & Public Sector Central Banks Printworks Public Sector Healthcare Healthcare Manufacturing Manufacturing Industrial IoT IoT Device Makers Semiconductor Industry Retail Retail Telecommunications Telecommunications Mobile Network Operators IoT Service Provider Transportation & Logistics Transportation & Logistics Cash in Transit Mobility Transportation & Logistics Services G+D Magazine G+D Magazine Spotlight Spotlight, the G+D magazine, explores the big topics of our time, offering expert opinion and insights into technological innovation, security and efficiency. Read More Click, swipe, send: ways to pay in France Read more CBDCs enhance interoperability in digital finance Read more Repurposing old banknotes through BFE ® Read more Spotlight About us About us Careers Careers Contact Contact EN | DE Search Creating Confidence We make the lives of billions of people more secure. SecurityTech by G+D We shape trust in the digital age At G+D, we are creating confidence, with built-in security tech in three segments: Digital Security, Financial Platforms and Currency Technology. To our customers, we have been a reliable partner for more than 170 years. With our offering, we are well positioned to support them on their future journey. Discover our innovative SecurityTech solutions! Digital Security READ MORE G+D draws on unrivaled experience and technology leadership in securing mobile connections, legal identities and digital infrastructures. We are the trusted partner of governments, public authorities and enterprises worldwide. Today, we protect and manage confidential systems, networks, data and identities in physical, digital and mobile settings. Financial Platforms READ MORE Ever since the invention of the smart card, G+D has been considered an innovation leader for card and digital payments. In the digital age, we orchestrate real world payment and banking experiences with human-centric security technology. More than 700 commercial banks globally trust our expertise in taking the complexity out of digital services. Currency Technology READ MORE We provide trusted and secure public currency solutions for both physical and digital ecosystems. Our holistic offering for the entire cash cycle includes banknote solutions, currency management and Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDC). As a global market leader, G+D is the trusted partner of 145 central banks worldwide and all other players in the currency cycle. Career Spread your wings at G+D We’ll help you develop your talent – whichever of our specialist segments you choose. There’s a wealth of opportunities available for you to increase your skills and grow in your chosen field. G+D has been all about trust and security for 170 years – and today our business is more essential than ever. Advance your career in the industry of the future! Read more Careers at G+D Our most valuable assets are our people Great minds working together in an international and diverse team. And we want you to be a part of it. At G+D, we look after and support every member of our workforce – because we value each person’s contribution. After all, they’re doing a valuable job protecting the security of billions of people around the world. Come and be inspired while boosting your career! Jobs at G+D The G+D Magazine Discover Spotlight Spotlight explores the big topics of our time, offering expert opinion and insights into technological innovation, security and efficiency. READ MORE Click, swipe, send: ways to pay in France Insights 6
						Mins. France’s payment landscape is led by cards, which primarily use the domestic network Cartes Bancaires. Will it expand its success online with Click to Pay? Read more CBDCs enhance interoperability in digital finance Read more Repurposing old banknotes through BFE ® Read more 4 payment trends that shaped 2025 Read more A brIDge to eIDAS 2.0 compliance Read more Get in touch If you have any questions about our end-to-end business solutions or about our SecurityTech company, seek expert advice, or want to give us your feedback, our team is here to support you, anytime. G+D Group About G+D G+D Louisenthal G+D Netcetera G+D Ventures secunet Veridos Services Contact Download Center Press Trademarks G+D SecurityTech Newsletter Social Media Imprint Data Privacy © 2025 Giesecke+Devrient GmbH