GIANTS Software | Home twitter facebook linkedin artstation Menu news games tech career press twitter facebook linkedin artstation Discover GIANTS Software! We are the creators behind the globally renowned Farming Simulator series. But our expertise extends beyond development—we’re also a publisher, engine developers, modding enthusiasts, and more. Plus, we’re growing our team! Join the GIANTS Software team! Whether you're a talented programmer, a dynamic marketing professional, a creative graphic designer or video editor, a dedicated community manager, or a skilled event organizer, we're always looking to expand our team. Visit our careers page to learn more! Get in Touch with GIANTS Software! We are always looking to meet new people, make new contacts, start new partnerships. Whether for the game, if you are interested in representation of your brand, or for a professional or casual exchange at events. Feel free to contact us, anytime! LATEST NEWS Release: Signature Edition (Switch 2) December 9th, 2025 Farming Simulator: Signature Edition is out now on Nintendo Switch™ 2. From managing fields and forests to raising livestock and building a thriving agricultural empire, Farming Simulator: Signature Edition offers endless possibilities: Production chains, construction projects, and a broad range of farming activities await both seasoned players and newfound farmers.

“Farming Simulator: Signature Edition offers the most varied, relaxing, and rewarding experience we’ve ever created for Nintendo players,” says Boris Stefan, CSO of GIANTS Software. “We’re excited to bring the farming fun to the Nintendo Switch 2!”

The Signature Farming Experience

Players can choose from three vibrant regions as their starting point and grow their skills across a variety of agricultural scenarios: North America, Europe, and East Asia. With 25 crops, including rice, spinach, wheat, and sunflowers, plus greenhouse produce and various tree species, the farming experience is richer than ever. 

With over 400 meticulously recreated machines from more than 150 well-known manufacturers, including Case IH, CLAAS, Fendt, John Deere, Kubota, Massey Ferguson, New Holland, Valtra, and many more, Farming Simulator: Signature Edition delivers authenticity for both machinery fans and simulation enthusiasts. 

More Content Planned

The recent deal between GIANTS Software and Daimler Truck AG, which saw the debut of Mercedes-Benz Trucks in the series, is also incorporated into the Signature Edition.  As always, GIANTS Software will continue to support the game with post-launch content. For further details, visit the official Farming Simulator website or check the GIANTS Software Press Area. More Project Motor Racing is out now November 25th, 2025 Project Motor Racing, the ultra-authentic racing sim from publisher GIANTS Software and developer Straight4 Studios, has hit the track on PC, PlayStation 5 & Xbox Series X|S with rubber marbles spraying from the tires. It’s available now, bringing authentic motor sport with full mod support across all platforms; setting a new standard in the genre. 
With a high-stakes “survival”-style career mode, ranked online and ultra-realism, it challenges veteran racers with 70 cars from 13 classes, 28 scanned tracks, and 50 years of racing history. Brands include Audi, BMW, Lamborghini, Mazda, Mercedes, Nissan, Porsche, Toyota, and more, to be raced in landmarks like Spa-Francorchamps, Daytona, Mount Panorama, and the Nürburgring (including the Nordschleife). 

Authentic Motorsport

The genre leaders have joined forces to present a set of features designed for enthusiasts, developed with the support of seasoned real-racing veterans. Newcomers can ease into the action with adjustable AI and assist options, as well as fully optimised gamepad control. Meanwhile, seasoned sim racers will find plenty of challenges in the form of a 720 Hz simulation engine that delivers landmark handling and FFB precision. The tracks feature the 'True2Track' dynamic surface model, where grip evolves corner by corner and lap by lap.

“Project Motor Racing was created by people who love this sport and shaped by a community that cares just as much,” says Ian Bell, CEO of Straight4 Studios. “We hope it gives racers the same sense of connection and excitement it gave us—something true to the sport we all love.”

Growing and Redefining the Genre

“By combining Straight4’s racing expertise with our proven modding ecosystem, we’re creating a platform that can grow, evolve, and stay authentic through its community,” says Boris Stefan, CSO & Head of Publishing at GIANTS Software. “This launch is just the starting grid for our ambitions. We’re committed to growing Project Motor Racing into a defining name in the genre.”

Using the official GIANTS Editor and the integrated UGC Portal, creators can submit mods directly to the sim, making PMR the first sim racing title to feature mods on both consoles and PC. Straight4 Studios and GIANTS Software plan to expand Project Motor Racing with a steady stream of new tracks, cars, brands, and more. Free updates, premium packs, and a Year 1 Season Pass will continue to evolve the game in the months ahead. 

Read the full press release in the GIANTS Software Press Area. More Farming Simulator 25 Sold 4 Million Copies November 18th, 2025 Since its launch one year ago, Farming Simulator 25 has sold 4 Million copies world-wide. “It’s amazing,” says Boris Stefan, CSO and Head of Publishing at GIANTS Software. “It’s not the sales number itself, but the enormous engagement and the overwhelmingly positive feedback we received from our community following the conclusion of Year 1,” he explains, having rung a real-life ship’s bell in the office to celebrate the successful launch of the latest sea-themed expansion, Highlands Fishing. 
		“We’re grateful for our fans and four Million farmers and do not take this success for granted”, he says. More content is already on the way: A Year 2 Season Pass is now available after the Highlands Fishing Expansion was released to conclude the first year. This will add even more content packs and another major expansion. Aside from the Year 2 Season Pass, which saves up to 30% compared to buying the two packs and one expansion separately, a variety of free content is already in production and expected to be released throughout 2026. More our games Project Motor Racing Replicating the challenge and sensory overload of professional-level race cars with all the uncompromising passion of big-time motorsport, Project Motor Racing blends 20 years’ worth of racing simulator know-how into one unforgettable racing experience. FIND OUT MORE Farming Simulator 25 Virtual farmers manage their agricultural empires in a new, lush East Asian landscape filled with rice paddies, a North American environment with plenty of open space, or a Central European location with green fields between ponds and rivers. Building their legacy single-handedly or cooperatively in multiplayer, they can now grow two types of rice, spinach, and other new crops – choosing from well over 20 overall. Buffalos and other animals join the livestock pens, while new production chains and constructions extend business opportunities. FIND OUT MORE Farming Simulator 23 Take your farm wherever you go. From plowing to harvesting to selling products, Farming Simulator 23 invites players to take control of their own farm to build an agricultural empire! This edition introduces 100+ authentic vehicles and tools from real brands. Enjoy two new maps, new crops and animals, new game mechanics, and seasonal visual effects. In-depth production chains offer seemingly endless open-world gameplay in a family-friendly environment. Whether cultivating fields, logging with forestry equipment, or tending to farm animals, using production chains - Farming Simulator 23 Mobile and Switch Edition lets you be the farmer you always wanted to be. FIND OUT MORE © 2025 GIANTS Software GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Imprint | Contact twitter facebook linkedin artstation We use cookies and analytics tools to improve the user‑friendliness of this website. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.