Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History | Skip to main content User menu Shop Donate Search Log In Create Account Menu Education Open submenu All Audiences Open submenu Book Breaks Citizenship Test Inside the Vault Self-Paced Courses Browse All Resources Students Open submenu AP African American Studies Guide AP US History Study Guide History School: Summer Enrichment History U: Courses for High School Students History School Book Club Student Opportunities Teachers Open submenu Lesson Plans Classroom Resources Elementary Curriculum Spotlights on Primary Sources Affiliate School Program Professional Development (Academic Year) Professional Development (Summer) History Now: The Journal Open submenu About Search by Issue Search by Essay Programs Open submenu Affiliate Schools Open submenu About Monthly Offer (Free for Members) Student Scholarships Frequently Asked Questions Master's Degree in American History Open submenu Program Information Courses Scholarships and Financial Aid Applying and Enrolling Current Students Hamilton Education Program Open submenu Official Website About In-Person EduHam (NYC) EduHam Online Hamilton Cast Read Alongs Special Initiatives Open submenu Veterans Legacy Program The Declaration at 250 Black Lives in the Founding Era Celebrating American Historical Holidays Spanish Influence on American History Browse All Programs Historical Documents Open submenu The Gilder Lehrman Collection Open submenu About Donate Items to the Collection Research Open submenu Search Our Catalog Research Guides Rights and Reproductions Exhibitions Open submenu See Our Documents on Display Pop-Up Panel Exhibitions Interactive Exhibitions Online Recognizing Excellence Open submenu Research Fellowships Open submenu College Fellowships in American History Scholarly Fellowship Program Student Awards Open submenu Richard Gilder History Prize David McCullough Essay Prize Affiliate School Scholarships History Teacher of the Year Open submenu About Nominate a Teacher State Winners National Winners Book Prizes Open submenu About Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize George Washington Prize Gilder Lehrman Military History Prize Frederick Douglass Book Prize About Open submenu About Open submenu Our Mission and History Annual Reports and Financials Contact Information Staff Boards and Councils Open submenu Student Advisory Council Undergraduate Advisory Council Teacher Advisory Council Board of Trustees Remembering Richard Gilder President's Council Scholarly Advisory Board Work with Us Open submenu Careers Internships Our Partners News Open submenu Press Releases Homepage History Now : The Journal Major Figures in American Economic History Read the latest issue and explore the hundreds of essays in our History Now archive. Image: Madam C. J. Walker, driving, with (left to right) her niece Anjetta Breedlove, Madam C. J. Walker Manufacturing Company factory manager Alice Kelly, and Walker Company bookkeeper Lucy Flint, ca. 1911 (Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, New York Public Library) Read Latest Issue Which Founder Are You? Take the quiz once to reveal your true historical nature . . . or take it multiple times to discover the many sides of revolution. Perfect for history lovers and students in grade 6 and up. Image: Students performing in the Hamilton Education Program Take Quiz 2025 Frederick Douglass Book Prize Congratulations to Justene Hill Edwards, the winner of this year’s Frederick Douglass Book Prize! Her book Savings and Trust: The Rise and Betrayal of the Freedman’s Bank (W. W. Norton and Company) will be celebrated on February 12, 2026, at Trinity Church NYC. The award ceremony will be free and open to the public. Learn More Summer Professional Development K–12 teachers: Study with world-renowned scholars and earn PD credits. Learn about our professional development opportunities this summer: Teacher Symposium Teacher Seminars Online Teacher Seminars In Person Image: Teachers on the Gettysburg Battlefield (Photograph by Jason Minick) View All Opportunities 20 Programs In Person & Online Master’s Degree in American History K–12 educators and aspiring educators can earn their graduate degree in this affordable, online, accredited program. Applications are open year-round and are reviewed on a rolling basis. Spring course registration is now open. Image: Master’s Degree in American History Commencement at Gettysburg College (Photograph by Jason Minick) Apply Today The Citizenship Test Citizenship Challenge The 2026 Citizenship Challenge contest is now open, allowing students in our Affiliate School network to creatively showcase their understanding of American history, civics, and the naturalization exam by creating a new exam question. About the Contest Explore Citizenship Resources Self-Paced Courses Twelve Battles That Shaped American History This new Self-Paced Course examines twelve military engagements—on both land and sea—that had a major impact on the course of American history. Image: “6. Landing at Inchon,” Fight the Red Menace: The Children’s Crusade Against Communism trading cards, Bowman Gum Company, Philadelphia, PA, 1951. (The Gilder Lehrman Institute, GLC09627.06.01) See Full Course Description 15 Professional Development Hours Pause Learn with the Gilder Lehrman Institute Teacher MA in American History Our master’s degree program gives K–12 educators an affordable way to earn a graduate degree while working full time. Learn about the MA Program All Audiences Self-Paced Courses Explore American history from your own home, in your own time, and at your own pace! Educators can obtain professional development credit. Explore Self-Paced Courses Student History U Free, self-paced courses in American history for high school students. Students must be 13 or older to register for a course. Browse History U Courses Upcoming Events Teachers Online Tuesday, January 6, 2026 at 8:00 pm ET Open House: MA in American History Q&A session for prospective students to learn about the Gettysburg College–Gilder Lehrman master’s degree program. Inside the Vault All Audiences Free Thursday, January 8, 2026 at 7:00 pm ET Continental Army Soldiers’ Experiences at Valley Forge and Beyond Washington’s army struggled to survive with dwindling supplies, disease, and harsh weather. American Historical Holidays Monday, January 19, 2026 Monday, January 19, 2026 Deepen your knowledge of this holiday with historical documents, essays, videos, and lesson plans from the Gilder Lehrman Institute. See All Events Upcoming Deadlines Book Prize Historians Publishers Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Gilder Lehrman Military History Prize Submission Deadline Last day for books to be nominated. Book Prize Historians Publishers Wednesday, December 31, 2025 George Washington Prize Submission Deadline Last day for books to be nominated. Students Scholarships Thursday, January 15, 2026 Apply Early Decision II or Regular Decision to Gettysburg College Students are eligible for the Gettysburg College–Gilder Lehrman Institute History Scholarship. See All Deadlines Hamilton Education Program Welcome to the Hamilton Education Program, which is free and open to students in grades 6–12, anywhere, whether learning at home with their family or under a teacher’s supervision at school. In creating the musical Hamilton , Lin-Manuel Miranda transformed historical documents into powerful art that challenges our understanding of the past and present. You can do the same. Image: Students at a performance of Hamilton Learn About the Program Book Breaks Every Sunday at 2:00 pm ET (11:00 am PT) on Zoom Join us for our weekly interview series in which historians discuss their acclaimed books followed by a Q&A with the at-home audience. Please click any of the upcoming episodes to register. You can purchase any of the books featured on our bookshop.org page, for which we receive an affiliate commission. Browse Past Episodes Learn More Upcoming Episodes Sunday, December 28, 2025 at 2:00 pm ET Sven Beckert, Harvard University Capitalism: A Global History Sunday, January 4, 2026 at 2:00 pm ET Craig Symonds, US Naval Academy Annapolis Goes to War: The Naval Academy Class of 1940 Sunday, January 11, 2026 at 2:00 pm ET David Chanoff Anthony Benezet: Quaker, Abolitionist, Anti-Racist Our Historical Documents In 1991, Richard Gilder and Lewis Lehrman embarked on a mission to create one of the most important repositories of historical American documents in the country. Today, the Gilder Lehrman Collection comprises over 87,000 items that document the political, social, and economic history of the United States. Learn about the Collection Search Our Collection We hold many rare copies of foundational American documents, like this first draft of the US Constitution Discover 2,000+ individuals who lived through the American Revolution, like the poet Phillis Wheatley . Bring history to life with visual sources, like this US War Department recruitment poster (ca. 1944–1945). In addition to documents, the Collection includes objects, like this campaign button for Lyndon Johnson . Our Collection highlights the contributions of many Americans, like those of a female pilot in the 1910s. Explore the fight against slavery through abolitionist writings, like this note by Frederick Douglass . History Now The Online Journal of the Gilder Lehrman Institute Published four times a year, History Now features essays by the nation’s leading historians for teachers, students, and general readers. History Now is free for everyone and does not require a subscription or login. Browse Issues Latest Issues Issue 77 Winter 2025 Major Figures in American Economic History Issue 76 Fall 2025 The Natural Resources of the United States in the Shaping of History Issue 75 Summer 2025 The Electoral College and the History of Presidential Elections News Press Releases See all official press releases for our important events, significant programs, and special initiatives. View Press Releases Stay up to date and subscribe to our emails. Learn how the Institute impacts history education through our work guiding teachers, energizing students, and supporting research. 49 W. 45th Street 2nd Floor New York, NY 10036 Email : info@gilderlehrman.org Phone : (646) 366-9666 Footer Menu About Careers Our Collection Programs Educational Resources History Now Technical Support Privacy Policy © 2009–2025 The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History. All rights reserved.