Gilead Har’El (1977-1996) Gilead Har’El b. Champaign, Illinois, 13 Shevat 5737 (1-Feb-1977) d. Haifa, Israel, 10 Tammuz 5756 (27-Jun-1996) Ars longa, Vita
                brevis ( Art is long, life is short... ) Gilead Har’El’s Home Page Gilead started his own Home Page on the Internet. Please look at it
        while listening to Gilead’s greetings, in Hebrew (30-Mar-96) , Hebrew (3-Apr-96) and English (30-Mar-96) . Gilead Har’El’s On Line Portfolio
        1996 Gilead died on the last day of classes of his second semester as an
        Architecture student. He intended to show his achivements in this
        portfolio, but life was too short... His friends, Rinat, Tal, Marina,
        and Yoav, and his father, assembled his work and completed the
        portfolio in time for his 20th birthday, seven months after his
        death... Two-Year Art Project 1993-5 Gilead accompanied his 11-12th Grade Art Project by a series of
        articles. He considered them as an integral part of the creation
        process. We bring here the original illustrated Hebrew text of the
        articles, so you can learn more about his creativity and about the
        intelectual and emotional processes involved. Gilead’s Curriculum Vitae A short chronology of a short life. He Who Lives in His Life Shall Not Die in
        His Death Gilead’s eternal resting place. Gilead—The Israeli Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
        Association In construction... מחלת לב משפחתית: קרדיומיופתיה
        היפרטרופית Information in Hebrew about Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy, written by Gilead's mother in his memory, at the Department of Human Services, Faculty of Welfare
        and Health Studies, University of Haifa, in May 2003. Dapei Gilead (Gilead’s Pages) Lecture Notes in Mathematics for Students in Architecture, being
        written by Gilead’s
        father in his memory, while teaching Gilead’s classmates in the
        winter semester 1996/7. Gilead Har’El
        Memorial Bookstore Jon Scott Duffey ’s Internet
        bookstore, specializing in books by ICDers , and books
        about Sudden Cardiac
        Death , Living
        with an ICD , Cardiac Devices ,
        etc. Be sure to visit . Arrhythmias and Sudden Cardiac Death A Publication of the American Heart Association. Medical Progress : The Management of
        Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy By Paolo Spirito, Christine E. Seidman, William J. McKenna, and Barry
        J. Maron. Jules Verne and Hans Christian Andersen Homage to the two immortal authors: Two literary sites, created and
        maintained in Gilead’s memory. Jewish
        Calendar — לוח
        עברי the calendar or an iCalendar file ( holidays
          only) for the year Anno Mundi , in English עברית , diaspora Israel style. Gilead.org.il Copyright © Zvi
      Har’El $Date: 2007/12/01 21:56:04 $