Gimme Some Oven | Easy Recipes For Everyday Life Skip to content Sign Up For Free Weekly Recipes ! Home Recipes Browse ALL Recipes Course Appetizers Baked Goods Breakfast Dessert Dinner Drinks Salads Sauces Sides Snacks Dietary Gluten-Free Vegetarian Vegan Method Air Fryer Crock-Pot Freezer Meals Instant Pot Meal Prep No-Bake Sheet Pan Occasions Christmas Easter Mardi Gras St. Patrick’s Day Super Bowl Thanksgiving Valentine’s Day Proteins Beans Beef Chicken Egg Pork Salmon Shrimp Tofu ☆ Popular ☆ All-Time Favorites 30-Minute Meals Budget-Friendly Freezer-Friendly Kid-Friendly About Shop Search Featured Recipe Easy Chickpea Curry Incredibly easy to make in less than 30 minutes and simmered in the most delicious lemon-ginger coconut curry sauce. Get The Recipe Celebrating Delicious and Easy Recipes Browse By Category Appetizers Dinners Desserts Drinks What would you like to make today? Search Browse all recipes The Latest Green Chicken Tamales (Tamales Verdes) Red Pork Tamales (Tamales Rojos) Breakfast Casserole Caramel Corn Split Pea Soup with Ham More Recent Recipes Our Favorite 30-Minute Meals! Need dinner on the table fast? We’ve got you. ♡ Sign up below to have our favorite 30-minute dinner meals sent to your inbox, plus more delicious recipes to come. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Email * Get It I’m so happy you found your way here! I created Gimme Some Oven to celebrate life around the table, with recipes that are simple, fresh, and full of flavor. With two littles underfoot these days, I know how relentless the dinner grind can feel. My hope is that this space can offer a bit of inspiration for everyone — and make everyday cooking feel a bit more fun. ♡ More about me Cozy Winter Soups White Bean Soup 5-Ingredient Chili Thai Red Curry Potsticker Soup Lightened-Up Broccoli Cheese Soup More Thanksgiving Recipes Potsticker Soup This cozy potsticker soup recipe comes together in just 25 minutes and is easy to customize with your favorite dumplings and veggies. Get The Recipe Pasta alla Gricia This classic Roman pasta is easy to make with 3 main ingredients and tastes unbelievably delicious. Get The Recipe Favorite Nachos My go-to recipe for homemade nachos, made with my favorite queso blanco and a handful of delicious toppings. Get The Recipe Citrus Olive Oil Cake This lovely cake is easy to make in one bowl, naturally gluten-free, and full of fresh orange and lemon flavor. Get The Recipe Beef and Broccoli Noodles This quick noodle stir-fry is tossed with the yummiest garlic ginger butter sauce and can be customized with your favorite protein, veggies and noodles. Get The Recipe “I’ve used this recipe for probably a decade now and it WORKS. Moist, delicious chicken every time!” – kathleen See More Reviews Popular Right Now Baked Chicken Breasts Perfectly juicy every time, thanks to our easy 5-step method. Fried Rice Easy to make in just 15 minutes and customize with your favorite add-ins! No-Bake Energy Bites Our readers love these tasty little bites made with feel-good ingredients. Enchilada Sauce Quick and easy to make with pantry ingredients and SO delicious. Chicken Enchiladas This recipe has been my go-to for two decades — it’s always a hit! How-To video How To Cut Cauliflower Learn the easiest way to cut a head of cauliflower into florets in just minutes — plus get tips on how to choose, store, and cook it like a pro! LEARN MORE 30-Minute Dinner Ideas Marry Me Chickpeas and Orzo Beef and Broccoli Quick Black Bean Soup Ginger Lime Pork with Coconut Rice Shop Ali’s Kitchen Best Citrus Juicer Ever Glass Meal Prep Containers Cooking Thermometer Favorite Oil Sprayer Sheet Pans (That Won't Warp) Cast Iron You'll Have For Decades Shop more Gimme Some Oven Home Recipes About Contact ©2025 Gimme Some Oven. Privacy Policy • Accessibility Statement • Powered by CultivateWP .