Ginger Software | English Grammar & Writing App Grammar Checker Business Education Ginger API Pricing Premium Flash sale to discover Premium 50% lifetime on all offers Log in Write with Confidence With Ginger, the AI-powered writing assistant, correct your texts, improve your style and boost your creativity. Add to Chrome It's free Add to Chrome It's free Add to Microsoft Edge It's free Download Ginger for Mac Download for Windows and MS Office Rated 4.6★ - Trusted by 8 million users Rated 4.6★ - Trusted by 8 million users Trusted by over 8 million users Correct all your mistakes in just one click Ginger goes beyond spelling and grammar. It takes into account full sentences to suggest context-based corrections. This drastically speeds up your writing - especially for long emails or documents! Ginger goes beyond spelling and grammar. It takes into account full sentences to suggest context-based corrections. This drastically speeds up your writing - especially for long emails or documents!> Boost your creativity and style with smart alternatives Rephrase Let the magic of Ginger’s AI suggest inspiring alternatives for conveying your intended message. It’s particularly useful for streamlining wordy sentences. AI-based Synonyms Tap any word to enjoy a rich variety of synonyms and expressions to find the perfect match. Tap any word to enjoy a rich variety of synonyms and expressions to find the perfect match. Double-click a word on any website to enjoy a rich variety of synonyms and expressions to find the perfect match. Tech Crunch “Basically anything you need to write great English.” Works across all websites, tools and devices. Get suggestions from Ginger while posting a Tweet, writing on Gmail, drafting a Word document, and anywhere you write! Add to Chrome It's free Add to Microsoft Edge It's free Download for Mac It's free Download for Windows It's free Microsoft Word add-in Correct 5x more mistakes than Word can detect. 5x faster. Learn more Desktop app Correct text from any application in just one click. Download for Windows / Mac Browser extensions Get suggestions in Gmail, Facebook, LinkedIn and all your favourite sites. Download for Chrome / Edge Mobile app Great emails, error-free texts, engaging tweets, on the go. Download for iOS / Android Discover our Services Discover Ginger’s API Add the power of Ginger to your app or website. Ginger for Business Make a great impression on your customers. Ginger for Education Seamlessly improve your students’ English skills. © 2025 Ginger Software (v 2.5.64) Features Grammar Checker Sentence Rephraser Translation Punctuation Checker Spell Checker Personal Trainer Online Proofreading Essay Checker English Dictionary Writing Help Writing Center Grammar Rules Phrase of the Day Misspelled Words Confused Words Company About Help Center Contact Support Accessibility Dyslexia Blog License Agreement & Privacy Policy Privacy Settings Services Premium Plans Ginger Business Ginger Education Grammar API Mobile Apps Ginger Writer iOS Ginger Writer Android Android Keyboard Desktop Apps macOS Windows Extensions Chrome Edge Social Facebook Linkedin