Try   Gitea Cloud   ☁️   free for 30 days  → Accelerate your Dev & Deploy!

Gitea
Products
Resources
Community
Pricing
Cloud
Sign In
   
Contact Us
Private, Fast, Reliable DevOps Platform

Great self-hosted option that brings teams and developers high-efficiency, but easy operations from planning to production.

Gitea Cloud
Choose your provider and region.
For individual developers and enterprise users.
The fastest way to have it!

Start Free Gitea Cloud Trial→

Gitea Enterprise
Deploy an enhanced Gitea anywhere.
Designed for enterprise users.
Enjoy an enhanced experience!

Start Free Gitea Enterprise Trial→

Docker Pulls
299
M+
Github Stars
49
K+
Installations
399
K+
Contributors
1,420
+
Dev/Deploy faster

Everything you need to develop/deploy your application

Code Hosting
Gitea enables the creation and management of repositories based on Git. It also makes code review incredibly easy and convenient, enhancing code quality for users and businesses.
CI/CD
Gitea features an integrated CI/CD system, Gitea Actions, that is compatible with GitHub Actions. Users can create workflows using the familiar YAML format or utilize over 20K existing plugins.
Projects
You can efficiently manages requirements, features and bugs through issue tasks, labeling and kanban boards. These tools help plan and track the progress of your development by incorporating branches, tags, milestones, assignments, time tracking and dependencies.
Packages
Gitea supports more than 20 different kinds of public or private package management, including: Cargo, Chef, Composer, Conan, Conda, Container, Helm, Maven, NPM, NuGet, Pub, PyPI, RubyGems, Vagrant, etc.
Trusted by the world’s most innovative teams
Run Gitea Anywhere

Gitea offers universal compatibility and flexible deployment options.

Run Anywhere Universally compatible with diverse operating systems and environments, including Linux, Windows, macOS, FreeBSD, Kubernetes, and etc. Compatible with multiple architectures, such as x86 and arm64.
Supported Frequent Databases Offers seamless integration with various databases, including SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, TiDB, MS SQL, and etc.
Flexible Deployment Provides flexible deployment options, supporting both single server setups and replication configurations.
Test, Deploy Faster

Powerful built-in CI/CD

Gitea Actions is an internal CI/CD system, offering near compatibility with GitHub Actions.

Integrated UI An integrated UI with no extra configuration make it easy to use
Workflow/Action Syntax Compatible Workflow/Action Syntax Compatible with GitHub Actions
Reuse Github Actions Reuse Thousands of GitHub Actions in your Gitea instances.
Integrated with Your Favorite Tools

Boost your workflow with Gitea's versatile integrations

Chat Tool Integration Sync seamlessly with tools like Slack, Discord, MS Teams, Lark, and more.
External CI/CD Service Compatibility Improve workflows with integrations like Github Actions, Drone, Woodpecker, ArgoCD, and Jenkins, among others.
API and Webhooks Extend Gitea's functionality with our API and webhooks, creating custom workflows to match your unique needs. More integration possibilities await.
Testimonials

We have worked with thousands of amazing people

“Gitea is an excellent and easy to use version control system. It provides a clean and intuitive interface that makes it easy for teams to collaborate and manage code projects. Gitea also has abundant features, including issue tracking, code review, and continuous integration, which can improve team efficiency and code quality. Both individual developers and corporate teams can benefit from Gitea — it's truly a useful tool. ”

AppleBoy
@appleboy

“We have been using gitea for several years and have found it to be an essential part of our workflow for hosting git repositories. Gitea has quite a few features and is under active development bringing new functionality. ”

Dan K.
@dan_k

“wow. just wow. I wanted to see how "painless" this was but figured it would still take a week to learn everything and setup. 2 hours! from downloading it to configuring it and setting it up as a windows service and setting up active directory integration.”

Tony Brix
@tonybrix

“Best Open-Source and self-hosting platform for version control: Gitea.”

Kaviraj R.
@kaviraj_r

“Easy to use, open source, can be hosted on any platform, ditributed source code management, multiple developers can clone code, change it and commit it from different machines, can have your self-hosted git repository.”

Sachin R.
@sachin_r

Pricing plans for teams of all sizes

Management Mode
Self Managed
Cloud Managed
Open Source

Free, self-hosted Git service under the MIT license. Full control, unlimited users and repositories.

Free

Download Now
Free features:
Code hosting
Issue tracking
Pull requests
Project management
Gitea Actions(CI/CD)
Packages
Rapid updates
Active contributions
Community supports
Enterprise

Dedicated support and infrastructure for your company.

$9.5
$19
*
/user/month

Start your 30-day free trial
Contact Sales
* 1 year commitment required with online payment
Everything in Free, and additionally:
All the great functionality of Gitea
SAML SSO Integration
Audit Logs
Kubernetes AutoScaling Runners
other Enhanced enterprise-level features and experiences [1]
Discounts available for non-profits and small companies
Easily add or remove users at any time as your team grows or changes.
Priority security bug fix notifications
Priority email and online support with SLA
Installation/Upgrade Assistant Service
Emergency telephone/remote support
Want product news and updates?

Sign up for our newsletter.

Email address
Subscribe

We care about your data. Read our privacy policy.

Footer

Private, Fast, Reliable DevOps Platform

LinkedIn
X
GitHub
Gitea

© 2025 CommitGo, Inc. All rights reserved.

Products
Gitea Cloud
Gitea Enterprise
Gitea
Gitea Runner
Tea Command-line Tool
Support
Pricing
Documentation
Tutorials
API
Blog
Forum
Chatroom
About Us
What is DevOps
Why Gitea
Contact Us
Compliance
Legal
Privacy
Terms