Give Lively - A Free Fundraising Platform For Nonprofits 💫 Donor-advised fund (DAF) giving is now live on Give Lively donation forms About Us Support Login Platform Digital fundraising Campaign Pages Donation Widgets Text-to-Donate Event fundraising Event Ticketing Live Display Text-to-Donate Digital fundraising Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Leaderboard Team Fundraising Platform features Integrations Our tech in action Third-party fees Changelog Product roadmap About Values-driven fundraising tech, trusted by nonprofits COMPANY Mission & team Why we’re free Our values Data privacy & security MEMBERSHIP How to apply About membership Member stories Fees & disbursement NEWS Company insights Platform updates Product roadmap Get a demo DAF giving is here to stay and now live on Give Lively donation forms Read Now Resources Powerful, practical tools that support your mission SUPPORT Support Center Resource Hub FAQs Partners EDUCATION Blog Member stories People & planet GivingTuesday FOR MEMBERS Strategic consulting Community drop-in Welcome webinar Best practices Nonprofit resilience: reflecting on a year of challenge and determination Read Now Pricing Support Login Get a Demo Apply Now Get a Demo Apply Now Learn about the Shift4 partnership announced at the Learn More powering nonprofit missions We’re celebrating our decade of inspiration, innovation and impact powered by a platform that’s free for nonprofits. Let's Celebrate! powering nonprofit missions We’re celebrating our decade of inspiration, innovation and impact powered by a platform that’s free for nonprofits. Let's Celebrate! OUR PLATFORM Build early-year momentum for your mission Launch fresh campaigns, engage supporters and unlock more giving in 2026 — with our free, values-driven fundraising platform designed for nonprofits like yours. Our Members Our Free Solutions Get Started Today Get a Demo ABOUT US Reimagining the future of digital fundraising for nonprofits – powerful, practical and free. Free for nonprofits Give Lively does not charge nonprofits for use of our platform. Learn Why We’re Free Values-driven Our platform supports nonprofits that make the world a better place. Read Our Values Secure & transparent We feel strongly about privacy, security and transparency. At every level of what we do. Data, Privacy & Security Speedy & frictionless We offer streamlined payment forms and quick, seamless donation disbursement. Explore the Donation Journey Learn More About Us OUR OFFER Explore our online fundraising solutions DIGITAL FUNDRAISING SOLUTION ↗ Unleash the power of online appeals Launch beautiful and customizable Campaign Pages Check out Campaign Pages Embrace giving on the go with ‍ Text-to-Donate Explore Text-to-Donate Fundraise directly from your website with Donation Widgets Discover Donation Widgets EVENT FUNDRAISING SOLUTION ↗ Translate the excitement of live events into fundraising success Sell fundraising event tickets and sponsorships with Event Ticketing Review Event Ticketing Track and show donations in nearly real time with Live Display View Live Display Embrace effortless mobile giving at events with Text-to-Donate Explore Text-to-Donate PEER-BASED FUNDRAISING SOLUTION ↗ Empower supporters to fundraise on your behalf Convert fans to fundraisers with Peer-to-Peer Fundraising See Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Make collective appeals with ‍ Team Fundraising Consider Team Fundraising Encourage friendly competitive giving with Leaderboard Look at Leaderboard OUR FEATURES What our members love Flexible fundraising Unlimited use of products that stand alone and fit together: use the tools you need. One-time, recurring and offline donations. Anonymous giving and dedications. Multiple payment methods Major cards, bank transfers, digital wallets, PayPal and more. Transparent third-party payment processor fees. Stripe powers donation intake and disbursement. Real-time data Anytime access to comprehensive, real-time donor data and on-demand data exports. Streamlined donor-first design Customizable pages and donation amounts. Impact stories, images and videos show donors how they matter. Responsive layout for mobile, tablet and desktop. Privacy and security Data served using end-to-end encryption and SSL protect pages. Data stored on encrypted databases. Personal/business data is never sold, rented or leased. Outstanding customer support Live chat and email support aided by AI chat bot. Same-business-day turnaround. Comprehensive online ‘Resource Hub' help center. Explore All Platform Features OUR FEATURES Some qualities that make our solutions special Explore All Platform Features Flexibility Unlimited use of each fundraising product; recurring and offline donations easily accepted; ability to give anonymously or dedicate gifts Payments Major payment methods accepted , including digital wallets; transparent payment processor fees; Stripe powers donation intake and disbursement Data Analytics Anytime access to real-time donor data and on-demand data exports Flexibility Unlimited use of each fundraising product ; recurring and offline donations easily accepted; ability to give anonymously or dedicate gifts Payments Transparent payment processor fees and Stripe payment processor powers donation intake and disbursement Data Analytics Unlimited access to real-time donor data and on-demand data exports and Integration with Google Tag Manager Design Streamlined, donor-first, customizable design , built by and for donors; responsive layout for mobile, tablet and desktop Security Data served using end-to-end encryption and SSL protected pages ; data stored on encrypted databases Support Live chat and email support with same-business-day turnaround ; comprehensive online ‘Resource Hub’ help center Design Streamlined, donor-first, customizable design , built by and for donors; responsive layout for mobile, tablet and desktop Security Data served using end-to-end encryption and SSL protected pages ; data stored on encrypted databases Support Live chat and email support with average 24-hour turnaround and online ‘Resource Hub’ help center Explore All Platform Features OUR FEATURES Features our members love Explore All Platform Features Flexible fundraising Unlimited use of products that stand alone and fit together. One-time, recurring and offline donations. Anonymous and dedicated giving. Multiple payment methods Major cards, bank transfers, digital wallets, PayPal and more. Transparent third-party payment processor fees. Stripe powers donation intake and disbursement. Streamlined donor-first design Customizable pages and donation amounts. Impact stories, images and video show donors how they matter. Responsive layout for mobile, tablet and desktop. Real-time data Anytime access to comprehensive, real-time donor data and on-demand data exports. Privacy and security Data served using end-to-end encryption and SSL protect pages. Data stored on encrypted databases. Personal/business data is never sold, rented or leased. Outstanding customer support Live chat and email support aided by AI chat bot. Same-business-day turnaround. Comprehensive online ‘Resource Hub' help center. OUR FEATURES Features our members love Explore All Platform Features Flexible fundraising Unlimited use of products that stand alone and fit together. One-time, recurring and offline donations. Anonymous and dedicated giving. Multiple payment methods Major cards, bank transfers, digital wallets, PayPal and more. Transparent third-party payment processor fees. Stripe powers donation intake and disbursement. Streamlined donor-first design Customizable pages and donation amounts. Impact stories, images and video show donors how they matter. Responsive layout for mobile, tablet and desktop. Real-time data Anytime access to comprehensive, real-time donor data and on-demand data exports. Privacy and security Data served using end-to-end encryption and SSL protect pages. Data stored on encrypted databases. Personal/business data is never sold, rented or leased. Outstanding customer support Live chat and email support aided by AI chat bot. Same-business-day turnaround. Comprehensive online ‘Resource Hub' help center. OUR MEMBERS Growing with nonprofits 9,000+ member nonprofits $1.25 billion raised by member nonprofits 10 million donations $0 charged to nonprofits by Give Lively See Our Tech in Action $120 million saved by member nonprofits on fundraising tech expenses since our start in 2015. Learn More TESTIMONIALS What members are saying Five stars are not enough to describe Give Lively. They are the personification of the expression "go the extra mile". Without Give Lively, Famazonia would not be what it is today. We will be forever grateful. Joabe Cardoso Secretary General at Famazonia Foundation Give Lively allows our donors to contribute to Malala Fund with ease. Their platform is key to ensuring we can work effectively to create a world where every girl can learn. ‍ Lena Alfi CEO of Malala Fund Give Lively has all the tools needed to make our fundraising efforts succeed... and the team is the best. ‍ Give Lively is definitely the best platform out there. ‍ ‍ Karina Damiani Senior Director at The OUT Foundation OUR MODEL: WE'RE FREE We work for nonprofits, not for profit We do not charge nonprofits for use of our fundraising platform, products and features — no setup fees, no platform fees, no membership or subscription fees, no annual or monthly fees, no hidden Give Lively fees. In addition to major operational support from our philanthropic founder-funders, we accept tips from donors wishing to help nonprofits direct dollars to critical work instead of for-profit digital fundraising software. Why We're Free About Tips OUR VALUES Our values set us apart We support values that inspire nonprofits to tackle tough challenges such as gender and racial equality, reproductive health and LGBTQ+ rights, social and environmental justice, education, domestic violence, immigrant services and more. Explore Our Values Explore Give Lively today. No strings attached. Get Started Today Get a Demo OUR MEMBERSHIP APPLICATION PROCESS Step by step 01 Apply for Give Lively membership Fill out the application for Give Lively membership. Membership is open to eligible 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organizations (public charities and private operating foundations). 02 Connect Stripe account If you have a Stripe account, you will need to log in and connect it. If you do not have a Stripe account, you will need to create one. 03 Give Lively confirms value alignment We personally review every application to ensure each nonprofit member aligns with our values. 04 Complete Stripe setup You must have a fully setup Stripe account in order to fundraise successfully using our technology. 05 Build a campaign & start fundraising! Once approved, log in to the Give Lively Nonprofit Admin Portal and create your first campaign. 01 Apply for Give Lively membership Fill out the application for Give Lively membership. Membership is only open to U.S. nonprofits that are public charities with 501(c)(3) status. Apply early: We personally review all applications. Although filling out the application is a quick process, the usual review period is 5-7 business days from the moment you connect your Stripe account to Give Lively. Learn More 02 Connect Stripe account If you have a Stripe account, you will need to log in and connect it. If you do not have a Stripe account, you will need to create one. Stripe is a payment processor that securely manages the financial transactions between donors, banks and nonprofits. Learn how to connect a Stripe account 03 Give Lively confirms value alignment We personally review every application to ensure each nonprofit member aligns with our values. Give Lively values. We won't approve membership for any nonprofit that promotes activities not in alignment with our values. Review our values statements 04 Complete Stripe setup You must have a fully set-up Stripe account in order to fundraise successfully using our technology. What is needed? Complete set-up includes ensuring ACH bank transfers are activated and that you have applied for Stripe’s nonprofit discount. Learn about final Stripe setup steps 05 Build a campaign & start fundraising Once approved, log in to the Give Lively Nonprofit Admin Portal and set up your first campaign. Nonprofit Admin Portal: Our Nonprofit Admin Portal is where you update information about your nonprofit and manage all your Give Lively fundraising activities. Log in to the members-only Nonprofit Admin Portal Apply Now Apply Now OUR FAQs We have some answers that will help you Why should 501(c)(3) nonprofits choose Give Lively? Our fundraising platform stands apart from others for a trio of reasons: Our cost – we are free for nonprofits Our direct collaboration with nonprofits Our emphasis on progressive values Our platform is free for nonprofits We believe that nonprofits, no matter their size, should not sacrifice their means to satisfy their missions. So we built and support a powerful and practical fundraising platform that’s free for nonprofits and intuitive for donors – no setup fees, no platform fees, no membership or subscription fees, no annual or monthly fees, no hidden Give Lively fees. We also never sell, rent or lease any data – just one aspect of our comprehensive approach to data privacy and security. Nor do we charge donors to give through our platform. Learn more about why we’re free for nonprofits . We communicate and collaborate directly with nonprofits Give Lively’s dedicated team of advocates and technologists is proud to collaborate directly with nonprofits of all sizes as we improve our platform to better serve their needs and desires. To facilitate this, our nonprofit members have access to a shared transparent feedback tool through which they make requests and upvote others’ suggestions, as well as gauge our progress on projects we undertake. Our commitment to nonprofits goes beyond fundraising We support values that inspire nonprofits to tackle tough challenges and complex issues such as gender and racial equality, reproductive health and LGBTQ+ rights, social and environmental justice, education, domestic violence, immigrant services and more. In keeping with that, we personally review every membership application to ensure each nonprofit member aligns with our values. We also work to terminate all uses of our technology that promote activities not in alignment with our values Learn more about the values we hold dear . Learn more How and why is Give Lively’s platform free for nonprofits? We believe that nonprofits, no matter their size, should not sacrifice their means to satisfy their missions. So we built and support a powerful and practical fundraising platform that’s free for nonprofits and intuitive for donors. We understand and sympathize with your concern about what “free” means today. We've experienced the same “free” service offers with hidden gotchas. And we know that some services claim to be "free" as a way to justify selling your data. We pledge to be different. What free means to us We do not charge nonprofits for use of our fundraising platform — no setup fees, no platform fees, no membership or subscription fees, no annual or monthly fees, no hidden Give Lively fees. We also never sell, rent or lease any data — just one aspect of our comprehensive approach to data privacy and security. Nor do we charge donors to give through our platform. Learn more about why we’re free for nonprofits . How is free possible? Our founders are committed philanthropists. In keeping with their goodwill vision of digital fundraising, they cover our operating costs so that we don’t have to charge nonprofits or donors. They see Give Lively as a technological remedy to the complexity of fundraising, as well as a way to make strategic, efficient and impartial decisions about how to support the nonprofit community. In Give Lively, they identified a mechanism for sustainably leveraging their resources to help meet the development needs of a very broad group of potential beneficiaries. That mechanism is our superpower. We call it the Give Lively Effect: a proven way of democratizing and leveling the digital fundraising playing field, guiding nonprofits into the digital age, helping them hit their fundraising goals and freeing them to devote more resources to their critical work. Learn more about our founders’ rationale, the Give Lively Effect and our impact . Learn more Does Give Lively integrate with Salesforce and other third-party services? At the moment, the Give Lively platform integrates directly with a quartet of third-party services: Salesforce, Zapier, PayPal and Double the Donation. Until other integrations are added, you can download donor data from the Nonprofit Admin Portal as a CSV file and import it into any CRM of choice. For more details about existing integrations, our Resource Hub (for members, but open to all) has information about: integrating our platform with Salesforce getting started with our Zapier integration integrating our platform with PayPal integrating our platform with Double the Donation . Learn more Still got questions? Let us help you More FAQs Join the Give Lively community Subscribe to our emails for timely advice, actionable resources, nonprofit wisdom and fundraising product updates. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. We respect your privacy. Unsubscribe at any time. Free fundraising tech for nonprofits, fueled by values Platform Digital Fundraising Event Fundraising Peer-Based Fundraising Pricing Integrations Member stories Features Product roadmap Get a demo About Mission & team Why we’re free Our values Membership Fees & disbursement Data privacy & security Brand guidelines Media kit Resources Support Center Resource Hub for members FAQs Blog Community Office Hours Partners Changelog GivingTuesday Contact support © 2025 Give Lively. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Master Service Agreement