Fundraising Software for Nonprofits | GiveSmart Skip to content Email Call 24/7 Customer Support marketing@givesmart.com 800-667-8075 24/7 Customer Support Product Features Plans Integrations Services Solutions Mobile Bidding & Silent Auction Virtual & Hybrid Fundraising Event & Campaign Fundraising Software Online Fundraising Nonprofit Accounting Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Data & Integrations Ticketing & Guest Management Growth Fundraising Donor Management Pricing Plans Champion Expert Donor CRM Resources Blog Webinars Case Studies Guides 2025 Nonprofit Trends Study Fundraising Event Success Hub School Fundraising Resource Center FUNdraising Spotlights #GivingTuesday Success Toolkit About Us Why GiveSmart GiveSmart Gives Back Contact Us Login Events Fundraise (MobileCause) Donor CRM Request Demo Call Us at your Fingertips Make your mission a movement with our smart, simple fundraising and donor management software and a partner invested in your success. Talk to an Expert Learn More Watch Interactive Demo Now Let us show you why so many organizations have given GiveSmart a strong recommendation $5.3+ billion raised From large, global non-profits to smaller, local operations, we've helped them all to meet and exceed their fundraising goals. More than 5,000 brands trust GiveSmart to work with them on their fundraising goals. UNCF Trinitas Lung Association Childrens Hospital Colorado Big Bros Big Sisters AO Girl scouts berkeley symphony 2 Wags & Walks Make-A-Wish Goodie Two Shoes Stonington Society James Beard MGA WOLF Sanctuary Habitat for Humanity Sac Corazon de Vida Special Olympics NY Get Started $5.3+ billion raised From large, global non-profits to smaller, local operations, we've helped them all to meet and exceed their fundraising goals. More than 5,000 brands trust GiveSmart to work with them on their fundraising goals. UNCF Trinitas Lung Association Childrens Hospital Colorado Big Bros Big Sisters AO Girl scouts berkeley symphony 2 Wags & Walks Make-A-Wish Goodie Two Shoes Stonington Society James Beard MGA WOLF Sanctuary Habitat for Humanity Sac Corazon de Vida Special Olympics NY Get Started 10 X ROI within the year $ 8 + BILLION raised 95 % customer satisfaction rating ROI based on customer data comparing average contract value based off current pricing models with average ROI value in 2022. Consolidate Your Fundraising Tech Stack "Best value and service.... Our sole platform is now GiveSmart." - Peace Over Violence Get Started Inspire and Engage Donors Centralize Year-Round Fundraising Enjoy one contract, one payment, and one vendor partner that provides endless fundraising possibilities, all year round. Enhanced D onor E xperience Engage your volunteers with dynamic online fundraising, peer-to-peer campaigns, voting competitions, sponsorship activation , and more. Auctions from Anywhere By incorporating mobile bidding and text-to-donate, your fundraisers instantly become more interactive and exciting. Manage Event Ticketing Assign seats, automate reports, distribute bidder numbers, and offer contactless check-in to enhance your guests’ experiences. Intuitive Donor Management Automate tracking donors, thanking them, and retaining them to give again with our simple solution. Get Started Trusted by More than 8,000 Nonprofits and Schools UNCF Trinitas Lung Association Childrens Hospital Colorado Big Bros Big Sisters AO Girl scouts berkeley symphony 2 Wags & Walks Make-A-Wish Goodie Two Shoes Stonington Society James Beard MGA WOLF Sanctuary Habitat for Humanity Sac Corazon de Vida Special Olympics NY See Case Studies Campaigns Events Donor Management Support Run seamless fundraisers for your organization from anywhere Easily run and manage an unlimited number of campaigns year-round. From recurring giving to peer-to-peer to text-to-give campaigns and more, we've got you covered. See all features View Plans Online fundraising, with recurring giving and highly customizable, embeddable In-platform payment processing Peer-to-Peer Giving Tuesday Easy integrations Text-to-donate and in-platform communication management Focus on What Matters Most Drive donor engagement and streamline your events with our award-winning auction management, ticketing, seating and golfer grouping, mobile bidding, live event displays, and more! See all features View Plans Customizable site and ticketing order forms Easy auction management Streaming, live display, chat, and simple backstage management Dynamic sponsor activation Live support Virtual & hybrid fundraisers Support Your Growth and Mission With our robust reporting and smart search, your team and board gain more insight into your supporters’ motivations, history, and potential so that you can raise more. See all features See Plans Secure, one-click share option Discover hidden donor potential Understand wealth capacity Reporting to best support your donor stewardship strategies Easily track multi-payment pledges, gifts of stock or property, and in-kind services Thank you letter wizard increases donor retention Our Customer-Facing Teams Our experts empower your team and help make an even bigger impact on your mission. Accelerate your fundraising , do more with your events, and maximize your GiveSmart subscription . Support staff that work when you do, available by phone, chat, or e-mail for all users Google Personalized services and training help you build and run your campaigns Live event support and in-person staffing allow you to spend more time with your donors Experienced, goal-getter customer success team View Plans Fundraising and Donor Management Resources November 5, 2025 How to Organize an Angel Tree As your organization or nonprofit looks for holiday fundraising ideas, creating an angel tree could… Read More October 30, 2025 Organizing a Toy Drive The holidays are a time of giving, with many people exchanging gifts with their loved… Read More October 15, 2025 How to Hold a 50/50 Raffle As far as fundraising ventures go, the 50/50 raffle stands as a time-tested and efficient… Read More What our clients say We needed a platform to make sales online and to track and display ads for our sponsors. GiveSmart was perfect. We ended up making close to $15,000 more than we had hoped for. Definite better ROI than we anticipated. The interface is easy to use and provides plenty of options to get help if needed. Michelle M. The Rotary Club of South Whidbey Island Using GS has created ease in auction bookkeeping, payments, and generating post-event thank you/tax letters. While we were online during COVID, our interactions with our GiveSmart via phone, email, and zoom were seamless. A representative always got back to us within the day. I would recommend GiveSmart to anyone doing a large online event. Julie G. MicroFinancing Partners in Africa GiveSmart is highly flexible - you can use it for [a] simple registration and check-in, to full-scale galas with complex order forms, onsite upsells, live auctions, seating management, and more. Jamie F. Hope Chest for Breast Cancer GiveSmart is easy to use and ideal for virtual events and can be used for in-person events to manage the silent auction, seating charts, and check-in to the event. Being able to use the platform for unlimited events within the contract year is very useful and being able to add other users and volunteers for different levels of access is helpful as well. Dawn L. Literacy Coalition of Palm Beach County Ready for a new fundraising platform? Get started with GiveSmart and start seeing the difference. Request demo Product Features Request Demo Login Solutions Mobile Bidding & Silent Auction Virtual & Hybrid Fundraising Event & Campaign Fundraising Software Online Fundraising Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Data & Integrations Ticketing & Guest Management Growth Fundraising Resources Blog Fundraising Success Blueprint Series GiveSmart Fundraising Accelerator School Fundraising Resources Virtual Fundraising Resources #OutsideTheRoom Series Guides Whitepapers Case Studies Sitemap About About Us Subscribe to our Newsletter! Join Our Team GiveSmart Gives Back Customer Support Status Contact us 800.667.8075 GiveSmart® is part of Momentive Software, the leading provider of cloud-based software to associations, nonprofits, faith-based groups, and K-12 schools. Organizations adopt Momentive Software solutions to manage memberships, career centers, learning, accounting, fundraising, donations, admissions, enrollment and events. © 2025 Momentive Software Holdco, LLC. All rights reserved. Momentive Software™ and all respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Momentive Software Holdco, LLC, and its affiliates. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Mobile Terms