$7B+ powered for good causes. 200+ new tools. 1 unforgettable year. 🎉 See Givebutter Wrapped 2025 →
Platform
NEW
Givebutter Wallet 💵
Multiply your impact with 2.5% APY rewards, daily access to funds, and zero monthly fees or minimums
Learn more
Your home for changing the world
Watch a demo
Donor management & CRM
Marketing & engagement
Fundraising pages
Donation forms
Fundraising events
Auctions
Widgets
Payment processing
Mobile app
Integrations
Unlock your full fundraising potential ->
Switch to Givebutter
Nonprofits love us
Compare Givebutter
Reviews
Switch to Givebutter
Success stories
Every feature at your fingertips
View all features
PayPal
Meta integration
Venmo
DAF donations
Text-to-donate
QuickBooks Online
Donate buttons
Pledge donations
Peer-to-peer fundraising
Tap to Pay
The first fundraising & CRM platform with Cash App Pay, so you can offer the most ways to give
Resources
Fundraise like a pro
Butter Blog
Givebutter Academy
Freebies
Office Hours
Fundraising ideas
Help center
Webinars (CFRE)
Contact us
Givebutter Experts
About Givebutter
Changelog
Product roadmap
A look back at everything we churned out together in 2025 💛
See our year in review
Pricing
Log in
Sign up for free
Where changemakers go to grow

Givebutter combines all-in-one fundraising software, 0% fees, and built-in rewards—so you can raise more, pay less, and multiply your impact with 2.5% APY on every dollar you raise.

Collect more donations
Grow your  community
Host your best  event ever
Get the insights you need
Trusted by millions of changemakers at nonprofits like yours
Easy, free features you and your donors will love

Say goodbye to clunky, expensive software. Givebutter equips nonprofits with modern fundraising tools, from donation forms that convert 47% of potential donors—4x the industry average, to events, auctions, and pages that delight donors and inspire action.

Donor management done right with a built-in CRM

Track every transaction and donor activity, create and share reports with ease, and enjoy the extra time you’ll have to focus on growing relationships with people who move your mission forward.

Personalized marketing and engagement at scale

One-off, generic communication doesn’t move your supporters or your goal bar. Send the right message to the right donors at the right moment—via email, text, or direct mail—without sacrificing your time or your brand.

2.5% APY rewards on every dollar in your wallet

Meet Givebutter Wallet, your nonprofit’s secure, built-in financial home base where your money multiplies while your mission grows. Earn rewards, access funds faster, and manage it all with best-in-class security. No fees and no minimums—just more fuel for what matters most.

Unlock even more possibilities with

Givebutter Plus offers game-changing automation, analytics, and advanced marketing tools to supercharge your productivity, drive deeper insights, and strengthen donor engagement.

Learn more about Givebutter Plus ->
The results are in
Givebutter leads the pack in user satisfaction

Givebutter is ranked as the #1 software for fundraising, donor management, nonprofit CRM, and auctions on G2, the largest independent software review site.

Compare Givebutter to popular fundraising sites ->
G2 Momentum Grid® Report for Fundraising
Winter 2025
The help you need,
here for you 24/7

Givebutter’s award-winning support team is here for you 24/7, with some of the fastest response times and the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the industry.

Contact us ->
Raise funds better, faster, and for free with Givebutter
Sign up for free
Request a demo →
Raise more. Pay less. Give better.
Solutions
Donation forms
Fundraising pages
Fundraising events
Auctions
Nonprofit CRM
Donor engagement
Wallet
Mobile app
Integrations
Givebutter Plus
Resources
Butter Blog
Freebies
Success stories
Events
Fundraising ideas
Givebutter Experts
Office Hours
All features
Support
Help center
Contact us
Product roadmap
Changelog
Free demo
Trust & safety
About
About Givebutter
Pricing
Careers
Partner
Press
Sign up
Compare Givebutter
vs PayPal
vs Bloomerang
vs OneCause
vs GiveCampus
vs Donorbox
vs Eventbrite
vs GoFundMe
vs Network for Good
See all comparisons
Switch to Givebutter
Receive fundraising tips and product updates every week, sent straight to your inbox
Weekly Newsletter subscription form
Thank you for making Givebutter the #1 Free Fundraising Platform
© 2025 Givebutter, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Do Not Track Request
Givebutter partners with Stripe Payments Company for money transmission services and account services with funds held at Fifth Third Bank N. A., Member FDIC. Givebutter Wallet Visa® Commercial cards are powered by Stripe and issued by Celtic Bank.