Technology News, Smartphone News & Reviews, Gadget Launches, Laptops, Mobile Prices, How-To, Live Updates - Gizbot A Oneindia Venture Get Updates Get notified on the latest car launches, bike deals, and insights! Manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. To start receiving timely alerts, as shown below click on the Green .lock. icon next to the address bar Click it and Unblock the Notifications Close X Close X To Start receiving timely alerts please follow the below steps: Click on the Menu icon  of the browser, it opens up a list of options. Click on the .Options ., it opens up the settings page, Here click on the .Privacy & Security. options listed on the left hand side of the page. Scroll down the page to the .Permission. section . Here click on the .Settings. tab of the Notification option. A pop up will open with all listed sites, select the option .ALLOW., for the respective site under the status head to allow the notification. Once the changes is done, click on the .Save Changes. option to save the changes. Notifications Clear All No Notifications Choose Language English हिंदी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు News Reviews Features Videos Mobile News Deals of the Day Artificial Intelligence Gaming Gadget & Tech News All News Stay updated with the latest in tech MediaTek Adds Dimensity 7100 To Its Mid-Range 5G Chipset Lineup Oakley Meta HSTN Review: My Favourite Tech Purchase of 2025 I"ve been fascinated with smart glasses ever since the first-generation Ray-Ban Stories came out. They were far from perfect due to limited video resolution, short battery life, and a very basic voice assistant, but the idea of capturing life hands-free intrigued Galaxy S26 Ultra Camera Changes Tipped, No Major Hardware Overhaul Early details around the Galaxy S26 Ultra are starting to surface, and so far, they suggest Samsung is taking a measured approach to camera upgrades this time around. Instead of chasing new sensors, the focus appears to be on refining existing OnePlus 16 Camera Specs Tipped, Could Feature New 200MP Sensor The OnePlus 15 is still early in its life cycle, but early details about its successor are already starting to surface. A new leak suggests that the next flagship, expected to be called the OnePlus 16, could bring a notable change How To Use WhatsApp’s New Year 2026 Stickers And Festive Effects New Year"s Eve is one of the busiest days on WhatsApp. Messages pile up, calls overlap, and group chats can get messy fast. To make things easier, WhatsApp has added a few New Year features that are actually useful, whether you"re Topics Deal of the Day Artificial Intelligence Feature Stories GizBot Tests Tips and Tricks Latest Reviews All Reviews Hands-on insights from our tech experts. OnePlus 15R Performance Review OPPO Enco Buds 3 Pro Plus Review: A Budget ANC Earbuds for Daily Use Qubo Q400 Review: A Quiet, Effective Air Purifier Nothing Phone (3a) Community Edition Review Alienware 16 Aurora Review OPPO Find X9 Review: A Premium Phone With a Practical Mindset Shokz OpenRun Pro 2 Review: The Best Outdoor Workout Headphones iQOO 15 Review: Tries to Aim Higher Videos All Videos Visual stories from the tech world Shorts All Reels Quick content and viral shorts Latest Features All Features Deep dives into gadgets, innovation, and trends. Motorola Edge 70 vs Nothing Phone 3a Pro vs Vivo T4 Pro: Comparison OnePlus 15R vs OnePlus 13R: Upgrade or Downgrade? India’s First 1.0GHz 64-bit Microprocessor DHRUV64 Detailed Top Flagship Phones of 2025 Without Pro Branding Things You Can Do on the MyJio App Apart From Recharging Starlink India Price Confusion Explained In Conversation with Raj Kumar Rishi, VP and GM of Dell Technologies Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 and MediaTek Dimensity 9500: War of Processor How To See All Simple guides to help you get more from your devices. How to Enable Android’s Emergency Location Service in India for Emergency Calls Paytm Checkin Now Lets You Cancel Flights For ₹99, Here’s How It Works I Tried ChatGPT’s Year In Review, Here’s How You Can Check Yours How to Auto Scroll Instagram Reels on Android and iOS: Step-by-step Guide Google Pixel Upgrade Program Launched in India: How to Get a New Pixel Every Year Without Paying Full Price How to Check Your Steam Replay 2025 on PC, Mobile, and Steam Deck How to Use ChatGPT Images, Try Presets, and Generate Multiple Images at Once How To Get Better Face Lighting On Your Mac Without Buying A Ring Light Explore the latest in technology, gadgets, and innovation. Stay updated with smartphone launches, reviews, comparisons, and expert insights. Stay Connected Facebook X (formerly Twitter) Instagram YouTube Learn More About Us Contact Us Feedback Grievance Terms & Policies Terms of Service Privacy Policy Code of Business Cookie Policy © 2025 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Notifications Settings Clear Notifications No New Notifications Notifications Use the toggle to switch on notifications Block for 8 hours Block for 12 hours Block for 24 hours Don't block To start receiving timely alerts, as shown below click on the Green “lock” icon next to the address bar Click it and Unblock the Notifications Close X Close X To Start receiving timely alerts please follow the below steps: Click on the Menu icon of the browser, it opens up a list of options. Click on the “Options ”, it opens up the settings page, Here click on the “Privacy & Security” options listed on the left hand side of the page. Scroll down the page to the “Permission” section . Here click on the “Settings” tab of the Notification option. A pop up will open with all listed sites, select the option “ALLOW“, for the respective site under the status head to allow the notification. Once the changes is done, click on the “Save Changes” option to save the changes. Log in for Better Reading Experience! Continue with Google By signing in, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy Gender Select your Gender Male Female Others Age Select your Age Range Under 18 18 to 25 26 to 35 36 to 45 45 to 55 55+ Sign Out X Home Notifications Notifications Notifications Profile Profile App