New Atlas - New Technology & Science News SUBSCRIBE LOG IN HOME SCIENCE Biology Environment Materials Physics Space View all SCIENCE news Biology Environment Materials Physics Space View all SCIENCE news TECH AI and Humanoids Architecture Consumer Tech Energy Manufacturing Military Robotics Deals View all TECHNOLOGY news AI and Humanoids Architecture Consumer Tech Energy Manufacturing Military Robotics Deals View all TECHNOLOGY news TRANSPORT Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport View all TRANSPORT news Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport View all TRANSPORT news OUTDOOR Campers & Adventure Vehicles Gear & Tools Outdoor Toys Tiny Houses View all OUTDOOR news Campers & Adventure Vehicles Gear & Tools Outdoor Toys Tiny Houses View all OUTDOOR news BODY & MIND Medical Innovations Wellness and Healthy Living Illnesses and conditions Brain Health Medical Innovations Wellness and Healthy Living Illnesses and conditions Brain Health © 2026 New Atlas Menu HOME SCIENCE Biology Environment Materials Physics Space View all SCIENCE news TECH AI and Humanoids Architecture Consumer Tech Energy Manufacturing Military Robotics Deals View all TECHNOLOGY news TRANSPORT Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport View all TRANSPORT news OUTDOOR Campers & Adventure Vehicles Gear & Tools Outdoor Toys Tiny Houses View all OUTDOOR news BODY & MIND Medical Innovations Wellness and Healthy Living Illnesses and conditions Brain Health SUBSCRIBE LOG IN Show Search Search Query Submit Search TECH TRANSPORT SCIENCE HEALTH OUTDOOR SUBSCRIBE HOME Science, Tech, Outdoor & Innovation News Biology Zombie bugs, singing seals and rule-breaking bears: Wild science of 2025 December 30, 2025
      
        
          | Bronwyn Thompson It's that time of year – and my personal favorite corner of science to look back on – when we recap the many fascinating discoveries in the plant and animal kingdom in 2025. Orcas have again made news, but no luxury yachts were hurt in the process. Automotive This company makes the most reliable cars, says Consumer Reports December 29, 2025
      
        
          | Utkarsh Sood Last year, Subaru surpassed Toyota and Lexus to become the most reliable carmaker according to Consumer Reports. This year, Toyota reclaims its crown. And there’s one damning stat: Four out of the top five most reliable car brands this year are Japanese. Automotive Review: 2026 Nissan Leaf comes back to relevance without losing its charm December 30, 2025
      
        
          | Aaron Turpen The Nissan Leaf is, in its own way, a big part of modern automotive history. It’s the first affordable EV. And this all-new 2026 model keeps that groundbreaking premise, but updates it to relevance in today’s more saturated market. Top Stories Environment Ancient coffins clinging to cliffs are no longer a mystery High on sheer cliffs in China, ancient coffins are wedged into rock faces hundreds of feet above the ground. These dramatic burials, now re-examined using ancient DNA, point to a broader practice where disparate cultures all had their own "sky graves." Biology Digging up the past: Important dinosaur discoveries of the year Dinosaurs may be long extinct, but 2025 made it clear that they’re anything but settled science. New fossils, reanalyses of famous specimens and increasingly sophisticated tools have helped us learn more about how they lived, moved, fed and evolved. Transport China's 435-mph maglev test reveals what caution is costing the West Researchers at China's National University of Defense Technology have accelerated a one-ton vehicle from a dead stop to 435 mph (700 km/h) in under two seconds. It's not just fast, it's absurd, making it the quickest maglev ever demonstrated. Automotive Tesla makes the least reliable used cars… but which carmaker ranks first? Consumer Reports ranks 26 car brands from 'most' to 'least reliable' cars that are five to 10 years old – in this case, models from 2016 to 2021 from a survey sample of more than 140,000 vehicles – with Tesla ranking last. Marine Inside the giant ocean sinkhole where marine life gives way to an alien world In the South China Sea, the aqua-colored waters of an expansive shallow reef platform suddenly gives way to a near vertical shaft of vast darkness – an ocean sinkhole almost entirely devoid of oxygen and, in turn, marine life as we know it. Motorcycles Benda's 250cc boxer hybrid engine produces 62 hp and 74 lb-ft of torque We’ve talked about Benda a few times, and it seems every time there’s a new bike from the Chinese brand, there’s some radical approach behind it. This time, it’s the engine that seeks all the attention – a hybrid boxer engine concept. Latest News Deals Binge documentaries, not ads — get MagellanTV for life at $139.97 December 30, 2025 Tired of shelling out cash for the same stale Netflix lineup — plus ads? Hard pass. Over on MagellanTV, you get a documentary-packed streaming service loaded with fresh content and absolutely no subscription fees. Medical Innovations Injectable antibodies in nanoparticles could replace hour-long infusions December 30, 2025
      
        
          | Malcolm Azania A new MIT method eliminates the need for hour-long infusions of antibodies for immunocompromised patients. With highly concentrated particles of antibodies created without a centrifuge, mass-manufacturing of better single-shot antibodies is here. RVs and Motorhomes Camping pods, micro trailers & SUV clingers: Top 12 tiny RVs of 2025 December 30, 2025
      
        
          | C.C. Weiss 2025 brought us some truly wondrous, often oddball tiny camping creations that included extra-petite inflatable tow-pods, self-powered rooftop A-frame micro-cabins, and platform-agnostic camper capsules built to roam from automobile to trailer. Motorcycles Honda is exploring steering-assist crash avoidance for motorcycles December 30, 2025
      
        
          | Utkarsh Sood Honda’s new patent asks one weird but very interesting question: what if motorcycles came equipped with a steering-assist system, which would help with crash avoidance – a feature most modern-day cars come with? Knives and Multitools Smart EDC organizer makes it easy to carry and actually use your gear December 30, 2025
      
        
          | Abhimanyu Ghoshal PD EDC, which specializes in thoughtfully designed carrying cases for all kinds of adventuring tools, has a new organizer that can make it easy to use your stuff, and keep it all together when you're out in the field. Military Laser weapons go mobile on US Army small vehicles December 30, 2025
      
        
          | David Szondy Laser weapons go mobile as the US Army takes delivery of two 20-kW, anti-drone Joint Light Tactical Vehicle-mounted Laser-Oriented Counter-UAS System Laser Weapon Systems from AeroVironment. Tiny Houses Tiny house embraces indoor/outdoor living with spacious enclosed porch December 29, 2025
      
        
          | Adam Williams The eVista King tiny house offers a spacious single-floor layout that's suitable for full-time living. However, what really sets this model apart is its enclosed porch, which encourages owners to enjoy an indoor/outdoor lifestyle. Sponsored Content Say goodbye to bad photos with WayShot – your AI photo assistant December 29, 2025 If you’ve ever handed your phone to your boyfriend or friend, hoping for the perfect Instagram picture, you already know how this ends. WayShot is here to change that – the first AI photo assistant app where you don’t have to “fix it later.” Deals This Mac has a Touch Bar and it’s under $300 right now December 29, 2025 If you were one of the fans of Apple’s Touch Bar, you can’t miss this deal. Right now, you can get a refurbished 2017 Apple MacBook Pro for just $299.97, or a huge 79% off the $1,499 original price. Infectious Diseases Shelved antiviral drug could help over 100 million people a year December 29, 2025
      
        
          | Chelsea Haney An antiviral targeting the dengue virus was quietly abandoned by industry, but it's now suddenly back in the spotlight. A new study suggests it didn’t just slow the dengue virus, it blocked viral replication and reduced infection rates at high doses. Load More Editor's Picks Environment 5,200 holes carved into a Peruvian mountain left by an ancient economy For nearly a century, a strange band of 5,200 holes carved into a hillside has defied explanation. Stretching for nearly a mile along the edge of the Pisco Valley, Monte Serpe – "serpent mountain" – may have finally revealed its secrets to scientists. Marine Caught on video: 'The wave that shouldn't exist' A team of Australian bodyboarding ratbags has managed to capture staggering footage of an extraordinary oceanic phenomenon: a place where four 12-ft (3.7-m) waves regularly converge into an oval dip, with explosive results. Automotive New Atlas tours the Polaris R&D facility on the Slingshot's 10th anniversary It may surprise some to learn that Polaris has a serious research, development, and testing facility. I got a full tour of the place, along with a dedicated test track that I got to use later. Space Voyager 1 approaches one light day from Earth As it heads out of the solar system never to return, the deep space probe Voyager 1 is headed for yet another cosmic milestone. In late 2026, it will become the first spacecraft to travel so far that a radio signal from Earth takes 24 hours, or one light day, to reach it. Motorcycles Shoei launches world's first helmet with fully integrated AR Shoei has just launched the GT-Air 3 Smart, the world’s first moto helmet to feature fully integrated augmented reality thanks to a partnership with EyeLights, which specializes in head-up displays and Bluetooth audio kits. AI and Humanoids 'AI industry is in a bubble' warns Google DeepMind co-founder This week, talk of the AI bubble bursting has intensified with Google top executive Demis Hassabis throwing some fuel on the fire while discussing the release of the tech company's Gemini 3 model. He also thinks some players will weather the storm. FREE NEWSLETTER More than 60,000 highly-engaged subscribers receive our email newsletter. Get your daily dose of extraordinary ideas! Subscribe HOME SUBSCRIBE FEATURES REVIEWS ABOUT ADVERTISE TERMS PRIVACY CONTACT RSS FAQ SCIENCE Biology Environment Materials Medical Physics Space Quantum Computing TECHNOLOGY AI and Humanoids Architecture Computers Consumer Tech Drones Energy Good Thinking Home Entertainment Lifestyle Manufacturing Military Music Pets Remarkable People Robotics Telecommunications Virtual Reality Deals TRANSPORT Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport OUTDOOR Gear Outdoor Vehicles Outdoor Toys Tiny Houses ATVs & UTVs Boats & Watersport Campervans Camping Trailers Dirtbikes Expedition Trucks Knives and Multitools Outdoor Cooking Pickup Campers RVs & Motorhomes Ski and Snowboard Snowmobiles Tents BODY & MIND Illnesses and conditions Brain Health Medical Innovations AI in Health Imaging & Diagnostics Medical Devices Psychedelics Wellness and Healthy Living Aging Well Diet & Nutrition Fitness & Exercise Sleep Follow Us twitter instagram pinterest flipboard facebook linkedin © 2026 New Atlas