Skip to main content

Coming to Atlanta — Gladly Connect Live 2026, May 4–6

Register now
Why Gladly
Product
Solutions
Resources
Schedule a live tour
Why Gladly
Product
Solutions
Resources
Schedule a live tour
X
Search
The only AI built for LTV
CX that drives customer devotion.
Get a demo
Try it yourself

Trusted by the world’s most customer-focused brands

AI that treats customers like people, not problems

Gladly is the only customer experience AI purpose-built to engage customers rather than deflect them. Other AI agents declare victory with cost savings alone—Gladly delivers those savings too, but in a way that makes customers feel known, understood, and valued. Because lifetime value grows the more you treat your customers like regulars.

See how it works
Why world-class brands choose Gladly

"With Gladly, our agents are helping customers across channels from a single view that makes their work easier."

Kate Showalter

Vice President, Customer Care, Crate & Barrel

"We want to build a loyal relationship with a conversation that goes over years and months. It shouldn't feel like a transaction. That's why we chose Gladly."

Jim Gallagher

VP Customer Care, Nordstrom

"The evolution of our product has allowed us to provide options to guests much more quickly than any other airline”

Danny Cox

Vice President of Guest Experiences, Breeze Airways

"Our AI kicks in and starts answering common, repetitive questions. If something goes wrong or it's a more complex inquiry, the AI routes the customer straight to an agent. It's a seamless transition. Our customers don't even realize they're talking to AI."

Nancy Orgill

Customer Support Manager, Kuhl

More customer stories
The only CX AI purpose-built to drive devotion

We're raising the bar for what exceptional customer experience AI looks like. Cost savings are table stakes—and Gladly delivers them. And we power intelligent, intuitive, and engaging experiences that put customers on the most direct path to the right outcomes, every time.

AI built with customers at the center

Unlike deflection bots that treat people like problems to be automated away, Gladly puts the customers at the center of every experience to deepen relationships.

AI that values the human touch

Gladly can automatically resolve most conversations, or it can work hand in hand with support reps in Gladly Team or your CX platform. Our AI is smart enough to handle end-to-end conversations or bring in a human when needed—to deliver the best outcome every time.

Put control in the hands of business users

AI that’s fluent in every channel

Gladly is built for how real people communicate. Whether it’s voice, chat, SMS, email, or social, Gladly carries a customer’s lifelong conversation history across channels into every experience.

Meet your customer where they are

AI that is simply powerful

We made Gladly for CX people, not engineers. Write Guides in plain English that teach Gladly your brand voice, desired customer experience, when to get help from an agent, and more. Bring your entire product catalog into Gladly with a click. And refine how Gladly behaves as your business needs evolve.

Immediate value. Long-term business outcomes.

Get Gladly up and running in days, not months, with templates and Guides based on over a decade of CX experience and hundreds of millions of conversations. And by delivering experiences that recognize intent and respond with specific customer knowledge, emotional intelligence, and precise actions, Gladly helps deepen relationships that increase lifetime value.

Simplify experiences

Engage your customers with AI that knows them and can take actions to address their issues.

Amplify devotion
Boost expectations
Increase LTV
Running support with a lean team?
See how small businesses and growing brands use Gladly
Learn more
Gladly wins “Disruptive Technology of the Year” at the CCW Excellence Awards—recognized for eliminating CX tradeoffs with a no-compromise approach to AI and service.
Gladly featured in Forbes for revealing the unspoken truth of AI in CX
Do AI right

Discover how Gladly delivers experiences that treat people like people.

Get to know Gladly
Refuse to
compromise. Give your customers the experience that sets you apart.

Let us walk you through a short demo to show how Gladly instantly transforms your customer experiences.

Request a demo
Free CX tools for leaders
Explore tools

Ask AI for a summary of Gladly

Product

Platform overview
Product tour
Request demo

Support

System status
FAQs
API reference
Implementation guides

Resources

Library
Blog
Events and webinars
Gladly Connect Live

Gladly

About
Become a partner
Careers
Contact
Stay informed

Follow Gladly

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Security Agreement
Compliance
© 2025 Gladly Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

We value your privacy

To improve site performance and personalize your experience, we use cookies. With your permission, we’ll use optional cookies too. Privacy Policy.

Accept all cookies
Reject all