Cobrowsing and Digital Engagement CX Software  Glance CX | Glance CX Products Cobrowse See what customers see. Mobile Solutions Instant, in-app connection. Guided CX Industry-leading human CX. Trust & Security Keep your customers safe. Integrations Connect CX systems. For Developers Build faster with Glance. Product Help Center User admin support. Solutions Glance Solutions Guided Support Instant personal connection. Guided Sales & Advisory Upgrade your client meetings. Guided Onboarding No more nap-inducing trainings. Professional Services Custom-tailored solutions. Industries Industries Financial Services Human-guided transactions. Healthcare Standout CX for high-stakes moments. P&C Insurance Insurance CX with human connection. SLED Support citizens in the moment. Tax & Accounting Add the human touch to your tax software Retail Take your in-person experience online. SaaS CX that sells SaaS. Resources Resources All Resources Blog Demos & Overviews Case Studies Webinars eBooks Featured Resources Glance releases 2025 CX Trends Report With customer satisfaction trends rapidly evolving, Glance’s report outlines how organizations can leverage AI without losing the personal touch. AI + human maturity model for customer experience AI and human collaboration are transforming customer experiences across industries. This is your roadmap to understanding where your organization stands today and how to advance toward smarter, more impactful customer interactions. The Total Economic Impact™ of Glance Guided CX Glance Guided CX found to enhance customer service operations, reduce costs, and drive revenue in a study commissioned by Forrester Consulting. Partners Company Company About Us See why we're the leader in Guided CX. Careers Join our team and build the future of CX. Contact Us Get in touch with the Glance team. Leadership Meet our leadership team. News Hear the latest from Glance. Request a Demo Support Login Products Cobrowse See what customers see. Mobile Solutions Instant, in-app connection. Guided CX Industry-leading human CX. Trust & Security Keep your customers safe. Integrations Connect CX systems. For Developers Build faster with Glance. Product Help Center User admin support. Solutions Glance Solutions Guided Support Instant personal connection. Guided Sales & Advisory Upgrade your client meetings. Guided Onboarding No more nap-inducing trainings. Professional Services Custom-tailored solutions. Industries Industries Financial Services Human-guided transactions. Healthcare Standout CX for high-stakes moments. P&C Insurance Insurance CX with human connection. SLED Support citizens in the moment. Tax & Accounting Add the human touch to your tax software Retail Take your in-person experience online. SaaS CX that sells SaaS. Resources Resources All Resources Blog Demos & Overviews Case Studies Webinars eBooks Featured Resources Glance releases 2025 CX Trends Report With customer satisfaction trends rapidly evolving, Glance’s report outlines how organizations can leverage AI without losing the personal touch. AI + human maturity model for customer experience AI and human collaboration are transforming customer experiences across industries. This is your roadmap to understanding where your organization stands today and how to advance toward smarter, more impactful customer interactions. The Total Economic Impact™ of Glance Guided CX Glance Guided CX found to enhance customer service operations, reduce costs, and drive revenue in a study commissioned by Forrester Consulting. Partners Company Company About Us See why we're the leader in Guided CX. Careers Join our team and build the future of CX. Contact Us Get in touch with the Glance team. Leadership Meet our leadership team. News Hear the latest from Glance. Request a Demo Support Login Glance Guided CX™ Real human guidance for digital CX With Glance Cobrowse, delivering seamless, personalized support to your high-value customers is easy and powerful. When the stakes are high, human connection is key to building long-term trust and loyalty. Request a Demo Request Mobile Trial Human Guidance for Digital Spaces How Glance Guided CX™ works Set your digital CX apart with real human guidance. INDUSTRIES SERVED Your customers are unique. Your CX should be, too. Our enterprise customers know the value of human CX. See how Glance supports their future-forward approach to CX: Financial Services Insurance SaaS Retail Glance for FinServ Relationships Beyond Transactions Building customer trust earns higher wallet share – and lifetime loyalty. See how Glance helps Fortune 500 banking and wealth management organizations develop deep customer connections, drive key metrics, and ensure ROI. Learn More Glance for Insurance Be There at Critical Moments Your customers engage with you at some of the most impactful, and often stressful, moments of their lives. Nothing improves customer satisfaction more than clear, reassuring human support. Learn More Glance for Software Drive Adoption and Use From the initial sale to accelerated onboarding, feature education to advanced support, Glance Guided CX is key to a successful customer lifecycle. Learn More Glance for Retail Make Digital (Really) Personal Innovative AI + human experiences are transforming retail. Leading retailers use Glance to offer a personal, concierge shopping experience, driving transactions and loyalty in a competitive space. Learn More Instant Collaboration Earn, keep and grow your customers with connection that feels like magic. Get on the same page Websites & Portals Transform your websites, portals, and authenticated sites into instant, secure collaboration spaces. Meet, cobrowse, share screens, exchange documents, and more to help customers wherever and whenever they need you most. Learn More Any Device, Anywhere Mobile Web & Apps Turn smartphones and tablets into instant, on-the-go collaboration machines. Glance makes it easy to connect and work together while on the move or in the field, whether in-app, in a mobile browser, or through the device camera. Learn More Work Smarter Employee Workspaces Bring proactive, human collaboration to your most rewarding customer journeys. Glance leverages business intelligence, AI signals, and existing infrastructure to enable employees to join customers in collaborative sessions from the workspace they use every day, including the most popular CRM and CCaaS desktops. Learn More Humanizing digital experiences across millions of CX interactions CX industry leaders choose Glance Guided CX for: Transactions Boost deposits and conversions, and offer hands-on guidance in context right within your website or app. Learn more Advisory Services Help customers navigate wealth management or complex life decisions with advice from an expert they can trust: you. Learn more Upsell & Cross-Sell Increase your customers' investment with you with real experts served up to them at the right moment. Learn more Claims Management Help customers provide the right documentation for faster and more accurate claims processing and better predictability. Learn more Onboarding Go from basic adoption tactics to human support when customers need guidance from an expert. Learn more Mobile Support Make your customers feel supported no matter where they work with you, with dynamic tools like cobrowse and mobile camera sharing. Learn more THE TOTAL ECONOMIC IMPACT™OF GLANCE GUIDED CX Independent Study: Glance Guided CX yielded 394% ROI Glance Guided CX found to enhance customer service operations, reduce costs, and drive revenue in a commissioned study by Forrester Consulting. Download Study Customer Stories CX stories from top enterprises Glance is road-tested at scale for CX industry leaders. See how they use Guided CX to earn, keep, and grow their customers. Read all Case Studies Guided CX Glance Makes Customer Consultations Less Taxing for Intuit Anyone who has ever filed a tax return on their own can sympathize with being stuck and confused. But taxpayers who use TurboTax® from Intuit experience a level of hands-on collaboration that can change everything. The tax preparation software market is crowded with low-cost and free competitors. Intuit is determined to win and keep customers based on premium service and customer confidence that Intuit is helping them to receive the maximum allowable tax refund. Read Now Guided CX MINDBODY lifted customer satisfaction & product adoption with Glance. MINDBODY is the world's leading wellness services online marketing place and software platform Read Now Guided CX How Constant Contact transforms service centers with Glance How Constant Contact uses Glance Constant Contact, a SaaS-based email marketing solution company, has always placed a high value on customer care. They recognize that happy and successful customers are loyal customers, and that each touch point provides an opportunity to deepen the customer relationship. Constant Contact has used Glance since 2005. Customer support agents can launch a sharing session with one click, view the customer’s screen, instantly understand the problem, and guide them to a speedy solution. Glance sessions are proven to drive measurably higher First Call Resolution (FCR) and higher Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) scores. In 2016, Constant Contact began an initiative to take advantage of these high CSAT moments . They realized that customer support calls with a positive outcome — and the resultant spike in CSAT — represented a perfect opportunity to cross-sell and up-sell related products and services to happy customers. Agent KPIs now include recommending up-sell options, acceptance rate, and revenue contribution. A multi-pronged approach To breathe life into this initiative, Constant Contact embarked on a comprehensive strategy that incorporated in-depth training combined with innovative technology.  The company’s service agents were taught to identify which customer interactions were, indeed, sales opportunities and, of those, which were appropriate for up-selling products and consulting services. Along with its focus on training and data analytics, Constant Contact understood it needed to implement robust technology that would enable its agents to elevate the level of personal service they could deliver.  Delivering exceptional service leads to the “high-CSAT moments” to which Kenny refers.  These are perfect moments for up-selling.  The company consulted its long-time partner and industry leader in visual engagement solutions, Massachusetts-based Glance Networks.  The idea was to understand how Glance can help Constant Contact leverage its co-browse and screen share capabilities — which have demonstrably increased its CSAT scores — to convert customer touch points into revenue opportunities. Read Now See Glance Live Earn, keep, and grow your customers with human CX. Request a Demo Real human guidance for digital CX Request a Demo Solutions Cobrowse Solutions Mobile Solutions Guided Customer Support Guided Sales Guided Onboarding Resources Blog Case Studies Trust & Security Integrations For Developers Company Careers Support Contact Us News Partners Solutions Cobrowse Solutions Mobile Solutions Guided Customer Support Guided Sales Guided Onboarding Resources Blog Case Studies Trust & Security Integrations For Developers Company Careers Support Contact Us News Partners © 2025 Glance Terms of Use Privacy Notice Try Cobrowse