GlassWire Cookie Policy
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Show details
Allow all
Customize
Deny
Features 
Download
Mobile
Blog
Help
Pricing
Detect hidden threats with GlassWire's Traffic Monitor and Firewall

Instantly see your current & past network activity. Detect malware, & block badly behaving apps.

FREE DOWNLOAD
 
Version 3.7.880, 82.6MB
changelog
“Beautifully informative”
“…brings attention to suspicious Internet activities”
“Who is your computer
talking to?”
“…attractive, easy-to-use
network monitor”
“…identify problematic or malicious application”
“…notifies you when a new device joins the network.”
Privacy & Security Features
Instantly see who or what your PC is talking to on GlassWire's network monitoring graph, plus see what your PC may have connected to in the past.
Detect spyware, malware, badly behaving apps, and bandwidth hogs, then block their connections.
Monitor other PCs on your network and get alerted when new unknown devices join your WiFi.
GlassWire warns you of network related changes to your PC, or unusual changes to your apps that could indicate malware.
Network Data Usage Monitoring
Keep track of your data usage on your PC or mobile phone and get alerted before going over data limits.
Go back in time with GlassWire's network time machine to see what your PC was doing while you were away.
Get alerted every time a new app accesses the network, and block it if necessary.
See detailed network usage statistics broken down by IP/Host, app, network traffic types, and more.
Personal Firewall Software
Turn on "Ask to connect" mode to allow or deny new app connections.
Set up custom firewall profiles for different scenarios.
See what IP addresses your apps are connecting to, and instantly see what countries those hosts are in.
Go Premium to unleash the full power of GlassWire

Download and use our software for free. Upgrade to premium and use all the features with no limitations for complete internet protection.

“…identify problematic
or malicious application”
“Beautifully informative”
FREE DOWNLOAD
 
Over 49 million downloads!
Version 3.7.880, 82.6MB
“…brings attention to suspicious
Internet activities”
“Who is your computer
talking to?”
      
Try GlassWire Firewall for Android

"10 best privacy apps for Android"

        
GLASSWIRE
Home
Security
Pricing
Download
Features
Premium Features
Mobile
About
Affiliate Program 
Uninstall
RESOURCES
What is the best firewall software?
What are the best network monitoring tools?
How can I check my data usage?
How can I check if an .exe file is safe?
Data calculator
Network Monitoring with Domotz
KEEP IN TOUCH
Blog
Twitter
YouTube
SUPPORT
Forum
Help
Bug Bounty
Contact
LEGAL
Terms of Service
Website Policy
Product & Services Privacy Policy
Credits
Cybersecurity News

Learn new ways to protect your computer and phone from online threats.

© 2025 GlassWire 