Gleap - AI-powered Customer Support OS Product Support AI support bot GPT-5 & more AI copilot Live chat Workflows & bots Multichannel support New Onboard News & release notes Marketing automation Checklists Product tours Build In-app bug reporting Knowledgebase Product roadmap Surveys Experience the age of AI-powered customer support. Learn more Resources Resources Integrations Customer stories Roadmap Blog Help center Explore how our users create tomorrow’s support. User stories Pricing Login Sign up Boost your productivity Your be AI-powered customer support  OS Stay as close as humanly possible to your customers with AI-native support, activation, and roadmap-building. AI support Bug reporting Engagement Onboarding Help center Founder’s leading support at 4500+ global tech startups One platform Smarter support, better products Bring your whole team closer to customers with fast, contextual insights without the cost and complexity of generic tools. Stay close to your customers The best builders speak to users To build a great product, you must be great at speaking to customers. Know where your users get stuck, what they want to do, and the technical context. Learn more Bring your whole team Support should be a team sport Generic support tools make it increasingly cost-prohibitive to stay close to your customers while bringing your whole team in to speed up support. Learn more Your support OS for the entire product life cycle Enjoy AI agents, copilots, and outreach tools—including surveys, emails, modals, checklists, banners, and push notifications—alongside help centers, roadmaps, all in one unified platform. Support Answer every question customers have in seconds with AI bots, chat, and an automated knowledge base system. Onboard Guide your users to aha moments with email automations, onboarding checklists, in-app announcements and product tours. Build Use accurate user data to build your roadmap with feature requests, roadmap-builders, and customer insights. Built for builders Pay less, get more with Gleap. Built for builders, not over-complicated support teams. Gleap Intercom 10 person team $ 119 / month $ 850 / month AI costs $ 0.04 / answer $ 1 / resolution Copilot (10 seats) + $ 290 / month Engagement (Tours, Surveys, Checklists,...) + $ 100 / month Roadmapping In-app bug reporting Run actions fully automatically Custom-designed bots to scale your business Learn more Testimonials What our users say Switching from Intercom to Gleap was a win-win. Superior functionality at a fraction of the cost. It's elevated our user feedback and customer support experience immensely. Dylan Matthews CTO, White Inc. We've switched from UserSnap to Gleap due to its superior features, using it to support various platforms and 75,000+ users. Gaylan Greenawalt PM, Airspeed Gleap team’s super-fast turnaround time on delivering new feature requests, creates a winning and indispensable combination for the elimination of errors from your code. Martin Hardman Transaction Network Services Gleap was implemented within minutes and it is now an essential part of our development process. Gleap helps us to fix bugs in no time and build real customer relationships. Mark Breuß Founder, MARK.ONE Gleap is the perfect tool for agencies to collect and manage feedback and issues. It makes projects go smoothly and clients love the shaking gesture to report bugs. Théo Hudry CEO, Minuit Agency Gleap has transformed how we manage customer experience—one platform, less hassle, and smarter support. It's streamlined everything from feedback to automation. Elif Kavas DX, Tridonic Features And many more... AI agents Custom bots & workflows Live chat Surveys Email campaigns In-app bug reporting Feature requests Product tours Checklists Co-browse tours Help center In-app news Copilot AI-first customer support “It’s like embarking on a magical journey” Kai's magic: Taking customer support to epic heights, transforming interactions and setting new standards in real-time customer support. Get started for free Bug reporting & customer feedback software for mobile apps and websites. Product Features Integrations Roadmap Updates Pricing Resources Documentation System status Jobs Roadmap Blog Help center Downloads Legal Terms of service Privacy policy Trust portal DPA Imprint Alternative to Intercom Instabug HubSpot Zendesk View all