GlobalCloudTeam • Software and Platform Development About Solutions Platform for Any Scale Custom ML Solutions Natural Language Processing Machine Learning and AI Development Blockchain Development Cloud Solutions CI/CD & Monitoring Databases & API Integration Digital Transformation & Process Automation DevSecOps CRM Development Quality Assurance Mobile Development Service Platform Development VR and Web 3.0 Development Web Development Areas Automotive E-Commerce Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Marketing & Advertising Media & Telecom Real Estate & Construction Retail & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Technologies ML Cases Case Studies Blog Software Technology Solutions Blog Get a Quote Build Secure, Data-Driven Systems We specialize in cyber security, digital services, and industrial digitalization, combining deep expertise in process automation, big data, and machine learning to help organizations strengthen their infrastructure and modernize operations with precision. We work with large enterprises, government institutions, and growing businesses to deliver scalable, compliant solutions that keep complex systems stable, transparent, and efficient. Get Your Project Done 400+ Technology Professionals 3 Global Offices 7+ Years of experience USA +1 (520) 379-3738 usa@globalcloudteam.com Riyadh riyadh@globalcloudteam.com Ukraine +380 (96) 796-6131 ukraine@globalcloudteam.com Our clients Solutions We will turn your ideas into tangible, effective solutions that can be scaled up to fit your needs. Digital Transformation & Process Automation To have resilient growth, thrive, and adapt to the changing market requirements, each company thinks about digital process automation (DPA) and transformation. The paramount need to be flexible motivates business owners to automate almost any business process which uses a digital input format. The GlobalCloudTeam will define a digital transformation path for your company. A list of processes and operations for automation will be discussed and determined individually. Our strategic transformation approach will build an adaptable and interoperable enterprise and support infrastructure. Digital automation as a component of digital transformation will minimize human interaction and save your company’s budget. To make the enterprise digital transformation easier and simplify workflow GlobalCloudTeam suggests effective solutions based on individual plans. We are glad to go this way with you. Read More Bitbucket Pipelines Bitbucket Jenkins GitLab Pipelines All Technologies Cloud Solutions Business results depend on the effectiveness of data management. GlobalCloudTeam provides modern and rational solutions to project stability, scalability, and cost control using cloud platform solutions. We understand the urgent business needs and cybersecurity risks, so our team will provide the cloud apps with automation and containerization. Cloud solutions can be used for new and already existing projects. You shouldn’t worry about implementation thanks to high-class outstaff specialists and modern toolkits. Fully virtualized platforms increase the level of scale and flexibility. The launching process will go without months of regression and testing. We use modern cyber-security protocols to provide data protection and mitigate risks. The GlobalCloudTeam is ready to find the right cloud solutions and choose cloud-based software to reach your business goals. Together we will upgrade your data system safely and efficiently. Read More Docker Kubernetes Docker OpenShift Docker Swarm All Technologies View all solutions Embrace innovation with Global Cloud Team’ bussiness competence and services We Power Innovation Across Industries Media & Telecom Unlock innovative technologies and use customized media and telecom software products Finance When it comes to developing software for the financial sector, cooperate with GlobalCloudTeam E-Commerce Strengthen your market position with GlobalCloudTeam eCommerce solutions Manufacturing Revolutionize manufacturing processes and increase productivity with our innovative software solutions Explore All Areas Technologies We offer a wide range of cloud services, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Software as a Service (SaaS). We are committed to providing our customers with the best possible cloud computing experience. View all Ready to Build Your Own Solution? Our Selected Cases We've helped customers in a variety of industries solve complex technology challenges. See what we can do for you using ML. View All Cases Sign Language Translation View AI Cases About the Project: As a leading technology contractor, our company partnered with a governmental entity to develop SignBridge AI, an advanced digital solution designed to enhance accessibility and inclusivity for Deaf and hard-of-hearing communities. SignBridge AI provides instant translation of sign language into speech or text, as well as converting spoken or written responses back into the text. View AI Cases A State of the Art Human Detection Algorithm View AI Cases The Task: we present a state of the art model that can detect humans much better than any other existing model, by using advanced research and new techniques our model detects humans even in very dense environments, and counts them correctly. View AI Cases 7B parameters on-premise large language model View AI Cases About the customer: a large institution responsible for introducing AI capabilities into numerous other organizations The task: The customer needed to create a large language model that can work on-premise, include all the latest data available, work in a specific language, and take into consideration the cultural and legal aspects of the country it is intended to serve. We needed to get it done in one month. View AI Cases Training a Next-Generation Retrieval Model for Advanced Semantic Search View AI Cases About the customer: In this modern digital age, the capacity for a system to understand and process language semantically is crucial. The task: GlobalCloudTeam has taken a significant step towards this quest by efficiently training a Language Model (LLM) for semantic searches, using a massive amount of text and a vast array of question-answer pairs. View AI Cases Enhancing Customer Interactions with an Advanced Chatbot Solution View AI Cases About the client: Our client is a European software developer that has devoted all of its efforts to creating and distributing applications for iOS and macOS. This company offers a variety of widely used products, following their goal to enable machines to assist humans. View AI Cases Meeting the Demands of a Thriving Marketplace with Advanced Technology Solutions View AI Cases About the company: The leading online classifieds website in MENA region resorted to our company for assistance. It is a one-stop shop where people can easily buy automobiles, household items, and mobile phones and access various services. Millions of listings are being created every month. This business has enormous market potential, but to adequately meet the varied demands of its customers, it needs cutting-edge technology solutions. View AI Cases Our Clients Feedback Jesse Gildesgame Co-Founder & CEO at BooksTime Having started working with GlobalCloudTeam nearly two years ago, we haven't looked back. Our project required a large amount of bookkeeping industry-specific methodology and algorithms to be implemented into our product, which the team handled well. Also, the post-development support that GlobalCloudTeam has provided has been first-class. Vladimir Roudik LabReports GlobalCloudTeam has truly demonstrated their prowess as a top-notch service provider right from the beginning. We are immensely impressed by their proactive attitude and their knack for proposing enhancements to potential solutions, taking into account both the architectural and business aspects. Whenever our clients are in need of high-quality software that will undoubtedly propel their business to new heights, we can confidently turn to GlobalCloudTeam and their diverse range of expertise. They have truly earned our unwavering trust. Alexander Ivanov CPO at AskMe Without a doubt, GlobalCloudTeam has proven to be an exceptional technology partner, displaying unmatched expertise and unwavering reliability. We wholeheartedly endorse their services as they have consistently surpassed our expectations, delivering unparalleled solutions tailored to our specific needs. Their dedication and proficiency in the tech industry make them an invaluable asset and a trusted ally for any organization seeking a reliable technology partner. I am here to help you! Explore the possibility to hire a dedicated R&D team that helps your company to scale product development. Full Name * Email * Phone number * Comment Please submit the form below and we will get back to you within 24 - 48 hours. Submit The GlobalCloudTeam: Your Dedicated Software Development Company A good software development team is key to enhancing business performance and bypassing competitors in the digital era. The engaged specialists must possess in-depth skills and get a sense of the customer’s idea to deliver a successful product. That’s how the GlobalCloudTeam works. Thanks to versatile expertise, we can tackle any project. We specialize in custom software development and meet specific needs in the short term. Streamlined workflow lets us estimate the project cost just after you voice your requirements. The client-centered approach allows our customers to get the best possible result. No matter how complex the task, the GlobalCloudTeam comprises specialists proficient in all areas. With our expertise in software development solutions, we deliver applications tailored to your business needs. From predictive analytics and natural language processing to computer vision, our team of engineers will transform ideas into reality. We recruit talented developers from across the globe, each bringing valuable skills to the table. After defining the tasks, it will take no more than 10 days to assemble an outstaff team. Our dedicated software development company ensures that your project is completed in the estimated time thanks to our agile approach. We guarantee the quality and efficiency of the product, as well as providing updates if necessary. No matter the size of your project, we cooperate with small startups and big companies. Our dedicated quality assurance department will ensure that every project meets expectations, leaving no room for compromise. If you want to create a competitive solution, you need an software development company keen on trends and cutting-edge tools. We successfully marketed over 100 projects, gradually expanding areas of competence. Trust us to leverage the latest advancements in software development and artificial intelligence technology to unlock new possibilities and drive innovation for your company. Let’s create a top-notch product together. Let’s Build Your Advantage Together Contact us to learn how our platform and team can help you deploy private AI models, automate workflows, or add powerful LLM capabilities to your product. Blog Explore How To Choose AI Software For Your Business? In a realm where progress thrives on innovation, harnessing the power of artificial intelligence has become the cornerstone of a successful and for... Strategies for Maximizing Your Business’s Potential with AI Customer Service The advancement of technology is an ever-evolving phenomenon. Automating work processes has proven to be a valuable tool in enhancing labor product... Top Features of AI Implementation in Business AI is cementing its place as a ground-breaking technology in the business realm. Many experts are inclined to think that the future will depend on ... Guide on how to hire software development team for your project A trustworthy and well-versed software development team is a must for every project’s prosperity in the digital era. The proper group of pros... 9 Top-notch Examples of Natural Language Processing in Action Have you ever wondered how virtual assistants comprehend the language we speak? It’s apparent how humans learn the language — children grow, ... Menu About us Solutions Technologies Projects Areas Glossary Contact Us Contacts USA +1 (520) 379-3738 usa@globalcloudteam.com Riyadh riyadh@globalcloudteam.com Ukraine +380 (96) 796-6131 ukraine@globalcloudteam.com Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © Copyright Cloud Team LLC 2025