Home - GOTS - Global Organic Textile Standard Skip to main content Global Organic Textile Standard Search EN DE Home News Downloads Q&A Press Contact For consumers The Standard Philosophy Key Features Compliance support + Organic Fibres Enviromental Criteria All Processing Stages Traceability Third-Party Certification Due Diligence Human rights and social criteria Development and Implementation Chemicals and Accessories Approval GOTS Revision Integrity Measures Protection Complaint Procedure Complaints Handling Procedure Certification Bans Story Testimonials Certification & Labelling Certification How to get certified Who needs to be certified First Processing Stages Spinning Weaving and knitting Wet-Processing Manufacturing Trading How to get additives approved Approved Certification Bodies Approved Consultants How to become a Certification Body Audits Labelling Label Grades How to label GOTS Goods How to promote GOTS Goods How to identify GOTS Goods Find Suppliers, Shops and Inputs Certified Suppliers Shop-Finder Register your shop Approved Chemical Inputs Resource Library Academy LMS Trainings on GOTS Topics Educational films Curated External Trainings Standard and Certification Governance Annual Reports Flyers and Fact Sheets Newsletters About Us GOTS people Organisation Jobs News Downloads Q&A Glossary Media Centre For consumers Contact Search EN DE GLOBAL ORGANIC TEXTILE STANDARD ECOLOGY & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Standard Philosophy Key Features Compliance support + Organic Fibres Enviromental Criteria All Processing Stages Traceability Third-Party Certification Due Diligence Human rights and social criteria Development and Implementation Chemicals and Accessories Approval GOTS Revision Integrity Measures Protection Complaint Procedure Complaints Handling Procedure Certification Bans Story Testimonials Certification & Labelling Certification How to get certified Who needs to be certified First Processing Stages Spinning Weaving and knitting Wet-Processing Manufacturing Trading How to get additives approved Approved Certification Bodies Approved Consultants How to become a Certification Body Audits Labelling Label Grades How to label GOTS Goods How to promote GOTS Goods How to identify GOTS Goods Find Suppliers, Shops and Inputs Certified Suppliers Shop-Finder Register your shop Approved Chemical Inputs Resource Library Academy LMS Trainings on GOTS Topics Educational films Curated External Trainings Standard and Certification Governance Annual Reports Flyers and Fact Sheets Newsletters About Us GOTS people Organisation Jobs Start learning with Global Standard Academy Explore the Global Standard Academy, a new online hub offering free, easy-to-understand training on key Global Standard topics. The platform features educational videos and self-paced modules, with additional content to be released regularly. Read more The new Global Responsible Textile Standard (GRTS) is in development. Global Standard thanks all stakeholders that contributed their insights and perspectives in the GRTS public consultation that closed 14 September 2025. Read more The Second Round of Public Consultation for GOTS Version 8.0 Your feedback from the second consultation period for GOTS version 8.0 is now being assessed and integrated. Read more OECD Alignment Assessment Results GOTS Version 7.0 was found to demonstrate close alignment with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains in the Garment and Footwear Sector. Read more 2024 Annual Report reveals key achievements and strategic shifts Global Standard expands scope, leverages AI innovation, and amplifies global engagement. Read more Global Standard receives ISEAL Innovations Fund grant The grant from the ISEAL Innovations Fund will support new due diligence training for GOTS auditors. Read more GOTS Due Diligence Handbook 1.1 Version 1.1 of the GOTS Due Diligence Handbook has been released. Download now Manual for the Implementation of GOTS Version 7.2 Version 7.2 of the Manual for the Implementation of GOTS is now available for download. Read more Support Farmers Transitioning to Organic Cotton: GOTS and OCA Call to Action Join OCA's Farm Program to secure organic cotton by backing farmers during the critical in-conversion phase Read more Start learning with Global Standard Academy The new Global Responsible Textile Standard (GRTS) is in development. The Second Round of Public Consultation for GOTS Version 8.0 OECD Alignment Assessment Results 2024 Annual Report reveals key achievements and strategic shifts Global Standard receives ISEAL Innovations Fund grant GOTS Due Diligence Handbook 1.1 Manual for the Implementation of GOTS Version 7.2 Support Farmers Transitioning to Organic Cotton: GOTS and OCA Call to Action Quick links for Consumers The Standard Shop Finder Certified Suppliers Database Clips Key Features Protection Quick links for Companies Virtual Audits: COVID-19 Certified Suppliers Database Who needs to be certified Find Approved Certification Bodies Find Approved Consultants Permitted Use of GOTS label Downloads Protection Quick links for Press Press Key Features About Us Downloads GOTS COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE GOTS Complaint Form Any individual or organisation is able to register a complaint about perceived violations of GOTS requirements. This procedure is based on the core criteria of legitimacy, accessibility, predictability, equitability and transparency, and is dialogue-based. The Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) was developed by leading standard setters to define world-wide recognised requirements for organic textiles. From the harvesting of the raw materials, environmentally and socially responsible manufacturing to labelling, textiles certified to GOTS provide a credible assurance to the consumer. Find out more about us and what we do. Find Suppliers and Products Use our free databases to find Find Suppliers and Products. CERTIFIED SUPPLIERS DATABASE This database contains the GOTS certified entities, their location, field of operation and product groups. Find out how to use it Search for suppliers GOTS SHOP-FINDER For the search you have the possibility to search specifically in your area. Enter the country, the postcode, or city and the area in the search mask and select one or more product categories. - Select Category - Women’s Clothing Men’s Clothing Children’s Clothing Infants’ Clothing Footwear Toys Accessories Home Wear and Textiles Miscellaneous 1km 5km 10km 25km 50km 100km 250km 500km Geolocate Me GOTS News 10 September 2025 Global Standard Launches the Global Standard Academy Read full article 10 September 2025 Update: Approval Procedure & Requirements for Certification Bodies – Version 4.0 Read full article 10 September 2025 EU Bioeconomy Strategy: Organic Textiles, Bioeconomy in Action Read full article See more news Faces from Field to Fashion Faces From Field to Fashion is a behind-the-scenes journey to the heart of the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS), and an introduction to the sights, sounds, and faces behind every GOTS product. Representing more than 4 million employees working in GOTS certified facilities around the world, eight individuals give us a glimpse into their lives and tell us how they have been impacted by GOTS in unscripted and candid video portraits. Click here to meet the people from field to fashion. Subscribe to the GOTS Newsletter If you would like to receive our newsletter, we need your name and your e-mail address. The data processing for the purpose of sending the newsletter takes place under Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR based on your freely given consent by means of double Opt-in. We use and store your data until you withdraw your consent or unsubscribe the newsletter. Withdrawal of consent is possible at any time, for example by using the link at the bottom of each newsletter. You will find further information about how we process your data in our privacy notice. © 2025 by Global Standard gGmbH Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Email Contact Imprint Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Settings