Forest Monitoring, Land Use & Deforestation Trends | Global Forest Watch Forest Monitoring Designed for Action Global Forest Watch offers the latest data, technology and tools that empower people everywhere to better protect forests. SUBSCRIBE TO THE GFW NEWSLETTER Discover the world’s forests through data Explore over 65 global and local data sets to learn about conservation, land use, forest communities, and much more. EXPLORE OUR DATA Be the first to see new tropical deforestation View, analyze, and subscribe to get weekly GLAD deforestation alerts that show where tree cover loss is happening right now in the tropics. VIEW DEFORESTATION ALERTS Quick global and country stats Analyze forest change and investigate trends anywhere in the world with just a few clicks. EXPLORE THE DASHBOARDS Read about the latest updates Check out stories on data and tools, GFW users in the field, and findings from our team of researchers on the GFW blog. START LEARNING The status of the world’s forests Explore in-depth reporting and analysis on trends in tree cover loss and how forests are faring on the Global Forest Review. EXPLORE THE GFR Discover the world’s forests through data Explore over 65 global and local data sets to learn about conservation, land use, forest communities, and much more. EXPLORE OUR DATA Be the first to see new tropical deforestation View, analyze, and subscribe to get weekly GLAD deforestation alerts that show where tree cover loss is happening right now in the tropics. VIEW DEFORESTATION ALERTS Quick global and country stats Analyze forest change and investigate trends anywhere in the world with just a few clicks. EXPLORE THE DASHBOARDS Read about the latest updates Check out stories on data and tools, GFW users in the field, and findings from our team of researchers on the GFW blog. START LEARNING The status of the world’s forests Explore in-depth reporting and analysis on trends in tree cover loss and how forests are faring on the Global Forest Review. EXPLORE THE GFR What can you do with Global Forest Watch? “ The Amazon Conservation Association (ACA) works to protect biodiversity in the Amazon. With GLAD deforestation alerts on Global Forest Watch, we can detect illegal gold mining and logging in protected areas within days. By getting timely and precise information into the hands of policymakers, we've seen government authorities on the ground taking action within 24-48 hours of receiving an alert. ” MINAMPERÚ “ At the Forest Development Authority in Liberia, we saw a need to improve science-based decision making in forest resource management. We developed a Forest Atlas with Global Forest Watch that allows us to manage and share information about forest cover and land use. The Forest Atlas revolutionized how we communicate about the forest sector in Liberia. ” Greenpeace International “ Mongabay is a science-based environmental news platform aiming to inspire, educate, and inform the public. The deforestation and fire alerts on GFW allow us to identify stories as they're happening on the ground. In Peru, we were able to track fires as they invaded protected areas and mobilize our Latin America team to get coverage. It added a really timely dimension to our reporting and led Peruvian officials to go out immediately and address the situation. ” CIFOR “ At Mars, deforestation poses a risk to our business – we don’t want our supply chains to be associated with serious environmental issues. We used the PALM risk tool on GFW Commodities to evaluate our palm oil suppliers and help us make decisions about where to source from. With GFW, we were able to turn concerns about deforestation into an actionable method for engaging our suppliers. ” Marufish Conservation Orgs Policymaker Journalist Company BROWSE APPLICATIONS GFW Pro Assess deforestation risk in commodity supply chains and ensure robust reporting and compliance with regulations like the EUDR Forest Watcher Access GFW's forest monitoring and alert system offline and collect data from the field, all from your mobile device GFW Pro Assess deforestation risk in commodity supply chains and ensure robust reporting and compliance with regulations like the EUDR Forest Watcher Access GFW's forest monitoring and alert system offline and collect data from the field, all from your mobile device GFW Pro Assess deforestation risk in commodity supply chains and ensure robust reporting and compliance with regulations like the EUDR New from Global Forest Watch GFW vs. GFW Pro: What’s the Difference? Compare GFW and GFW Pro to find out which tool is best for you. Radar for Detecting Deforestation RADD deforestation alerts monitor forests through the clouds Tropical Tree Cover replaces Trees in Mosaic Landscapes Read our blog on the new data 2024 Tree Cover Loss Analysis View on the Global Forest Review New Forest Watcher Features Explore Forest Watcher's new features that make team management easier than ever Forest Carbon Fluxes Global maps on GFW provide spatially explicit data on net carbon fluxes from forests My GFW Map Dashboards Topics Blog About Help CONTACT US Subscribe to the GFW newsletter Partners Cookie Preferences · Terms of Service · Privacy Policy · Global Forest Watch System Status