Global Policy Forum Europe Skip to main content Toggle navigation Search en de Main navigation About Our mission Staff Board Contact Archive Annual Reports Issue Areas Sustainable Development & Human Rights Development Finance & Tax Justice International Financial Architecture United Nations & Multilateralism Multilateralism Corporate Influence & Accountability Publications Events News Media Press Newsletter Network Get involved Support GPF Europe Jobs/Internship Main navigation About More "About" pages Our mission Staff Board Contact Archive Annual Reports Issue Areas More "Issue Areas" pages Sustainable Development & Human Rights Development Finance & Tax Justice More "Development Finance & Tax Justice" pages International Financial Architecture United Nations & Multilateralism More "United Nations & Multilateralism" pages Multilateralism Corporate Influence & Accountability Publications Events News Media More "Media" pages Press Newsletter Network Get involved More "Get involved" pages Support GPF Europe Jobs/Internship Global Policy Forum Europe Monitoring Global Policymaking Advocating for Human Rights, Sustainability and Economic & Social Justice What's New Johannesburg Skyline Copyright Warren Pitallo / Flickr Creative Commons 2014 Solidarity, equality and sustainability? A reality check on the G20 after South Africa’s Presidency The G20 Leaders’ Summit in Johannesburg in late November offered a once-in-20-years opportunity to promote a specific African agenda through the G20. The South African government set high expectations when it chose the theme “Solidarity, Equality, Sustainability” for its presidency. Nairobi city Copyright Ninara31/2016 (Flickr Creative Commons) Tax capacity building for the Global North? Three takeaways from the third round of negotiations on the UN tax convention in Nairobi Tax capacity building for the Global North? Three takeaways from the third round of negotiations on the UN tax convention in Nairobi Cover UN negotiations caught between corporate,lobby and the struggle for global justice UN negotiations caught between corporate lobby and the struggle for global justice From October 20–24, 2025, 63 states came together at the United Nations (UN) Human Rights Council to negotiate an international, legally binding instrument to regulate the activities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises (also known as the “UN Treaty”). Since the adoption of Resolution 26/9 by the UN Human Rights Council in 2014, the intergovernmental working group mandated to draft such an agreement already has met eleven times. The negotiations built on the progress made in the previous round of negotiations in December 2024 and are a key component in closing existing [...] read more The price of money The price of money Governments in the global south pay significantly higher interest rates on loans and bonds than governments in the global north. This financial divide is a key cause of disparities in prosperity and development around the world. The price of money determines the extent to which a state can provide goods and services for its citizens like healthcare and education. It also determines how far necessary transformations, such as climate change adaptation, can be financed from domestic resources. The issue has gained considerable prominence in development policy discourses in recent years and is also [...] read more Our issue areas SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT & HUMAN RIGHTS DEVELOPMENT FINANCE & TAX JUSTICE UNITED NATIONS & MULTILATERALISM CORPORATE INFLUENCE & ACCOUNTABILITY Publications Cover UN negotiations caught between corporate,lobby and the struggle for global justice UN negotiations caught between corporate lobby and the struggle for global justice From October 20–24, 2025, 63 states came together at the United Nations (UN) Human Rights Council to negotiate an international, legally binding instrument to regulate the activities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises (also known as the “UN Treaty”). Since the adoption of Resolution 26/9 by the UN Human Rights Council in 2014, the intergovernmental working group mandated to draft such an agreement already has met eleven times. The negotiations built on the progress made in the previous round of negotiations in December 2024 and are a key component in closing existing [...] read more The price of money The price of money Governments in the global south pay significantly higher interest rates on loans and bonds than governments in the global north. This financial divide is a key cause of disparities in prosperity and development around the world. The price of money determines the extent to which a state can provide goods and services for its citizens like healthcare and education. It also determines how far necessary transformations, such as climate change adaptation, can be financed from domestic resources. The issue has gained considerable prominence in development policy discourses in recent years and is also [...] read more A right-wing alliance against   sustainability? A right-wing alliance against   sustainability? After two years of negotiations, the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) officially came into force on July 25, 2024. From July 2027, it will require large companies to respect human rights and the en vironment throughout their supply chains and to draw up and implement climate plans in line with the Paris Cli mate Agreement. Although the directive has some gaps, for example with regard to the financial sector, it is an important milestone on the road to a sustainable global economy. On February 26, 2025, however, the EU Commission proposed the so-called “Omnibus I [...] read more Cover of the brieifing paper: The Sevilla Commitment: What comes next? The Sevilla Commitment: What comes next? From 30 June to 3 July 2025, the Fourth International Conference on Financing for Development (FfD4) took place in Sevilla, Spain. According to the United Nations (UN) Member States, the conference was designed to assess progress and obstacles in implementing the decisions of the three previous conferences in Monterrey (2002), Doha (2008) and Addis Ababa (2015), as well as agreeing on measures and initiatives to overcome the obstacles and address new challenges in light of current global crises. The main goal was to accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and its Sustainable [...] read more all publications Our Network Newsletter Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe Read more about The welfare state is under pressure: What to expect from the World Social Summit in Doha Image Copyright Mike Akester, 2016 The welfare state is under pressure: What to expect from the World Social Summit in Doha By Celia Sudhoff For several weeks now, Germany has been engaged in an intense debate about the welfare state. This was triggered by a statement made by Chancellor Merz of the governing Christian Democratic Union (CDU) state party conference at the end of August: “We simply can no longer afford the system we have today.” Specifically, he wants to cut welfare payments and relieve the burden on the pension funds by making it more attractive to work into old age. Reviewing the HLPF’s “format and organizational aspects” – what’s being discussed? Dr. Marianne Beisheim This working paper by the German Institute for International and Security Affairs identifies and discusses proposals currently under debate for reviewing the “format and organiza tional aspects” of the UN High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development ( HLPF). Read more about Reviewing the HLPF's "format and organizational aspects" - what's being discussed? Subscribe to Follow & connect with us Contact contact us support GPF Europe Become a supporter ref: footer-menu Disclaimer Declaration on accessibility Imprint Privacy Policy