On-demand Consumer Research | GWI Win at the 2026 World Cup. We’ve got everything you need to score big with your audience. Products PLATFORM Platform overview GWI Spark NEW GWI Canvas NEW Audience builder Custom charts Dashboards Crosstabs Learn about our data INTEGRATIONS MCP Integrations API Integrations Solutions Teams Marketing Research Sales Product USE CASES Pitching Media planning Partnerships Content marketing Retail media networks Generative AI INDUSTRIES Agencies Media Sports Gaming Finance Retail SERVICES Brand tracking Market segmentation Audience profiling Analyst and reporting services Pricing Resources RESOURCES Blog Reports Webinars & events Case studies 2026 consumer trends Newsletter: On the dot Sign in Book a demo Global consumer research Understand any audience instantly Need easy access to consumer insights? Our intuitive platform is the answer. Get the ultra-reliable research that brands and agencies need to stay ahead of changing consumer behavior. Book a demo YOU’RE IN GOOD COMPANY Who we help, how we help GWI is the smart way for teams to make evidence-based decisions across a whole range of use cases. Marketing teams Learn more Research teams Learn more Product teams Learn more Sales teams Learn more Media planning Learn more Pitching Learn more Content marketing Learn more Partnerships Learn more Show all Why you need GWI Just a few of the many ways GWI helps you go further, faster... No audience is too niche Need to know about fashionista film fans? Or marathon-running millennials? Get the granularity of insight you need to understand every audience under the sun. Explore the platform Confidence comes as standard Whatever you need, our powerful GWI platform puts you in the know. Packed with practical tools to help you create charts, audiences, dashboards, and crosstabs, GWI means understanding audiences has never been easier. Book a Demo Insights have never been easier The future of consumer research is here. GWI Spark, our AI assistant, is fast and easy to use, opening up the power of insights to absolutely everyone. Just ask GWI Spark a question using natural language, and you’ll get instant insights based on a world of real survey data from nearly a million consumers. Ignite your creativity, win more business, and drive ROI sky high. Discover GWI Spark Fuel your AI with real human insights Your AI’s only as smart as what you feed it. GWI Spark MCP plugs verified consumer data straight into Claude, ChatGPT, or any of your favorite AI tools - so every output’s powered by real people, and rooted in reality. That’s AI you can actually trust. See how it works We’ve got the data you need to succeed For over 15 years we’ve surveyed real people around the world, analyzing and aggregating their answers to accurately represent the views of billions of consumers. And if we haven’t got what you need at our fingertips, we can quickly run a precisely targeted custom survey to clue you in on any topic imaginable. 15 + years 50 + markets 3B + consumers Learn about our data What they say about us 300 % Increase in organic visibility "When it comes to our client's audiences, GWI is perfect for helping us think outside the box. You can't lose.” Read the full case study 197 % increase in web views “GWI provides a good starting point for us to discover how our audience differs from the general population and those of peer platforms.” Read the full case study 46 % Increase in US viewers in just 6 months. “GWI’s wealth of on-demand data really helps us drive commercial conversations.” Read the full case study See all case studies Don’t take our word for it Driving growth, extending reach, and creating impact all start with GWI consumer insights - as our customers make clear. Step into the future of consumer research Book a demo Products Consumer insights platform GWI Spark AI consumer insights Data coverage Pricing Solutions & Integrations RLD Audience activation Data partnerships Become a GWI partner Resources Blog Reports Help center Company Our story Careers Press Contact Trust center Legal stuff Website terms and conditions Website privacy policy Website cookie policy Modern slavery statement See all Back to top Copyright © GWI 2025. All rights reserved.