Homepage - GlobalPost About Global Education Initiative About The Program Student & Faculty Signup Study Guide Who We Are History Our Brands Leadership Video Contact Account Billing Archive Subscribe Subscribe The largest daily newsletter devoted to world news Join the hundreds of thousands of informed readers around the world who rely on us every day to stay informed about the latest global news. Subscribe Today *Includes Free 2-Week Trial GlobalPost is a trusted source of global news by individuals, universities, and other institutions worldwide. Think of us as your personal intelligence analyst. We curate scores of the most important global, regional, and local news sources to bring you an entirely original report each weekday morning. Custom designed maps make staying up on the world even more informative and enjoyable; and our daily science feature concludes each newsletter with fascinating and wide-ranging discoveries from space exploration to the history of life on our planet. World news delivered every weekday. Nonpartisan and independent. Sourced from news outlets all over the world. Custom-designed global maps put stories in context. Subscribe today and GlobalPost will be in your inbox the next weekday morning Join us today and pay only $46 for an annual subscription, or less than $4 a month for our unique insights into crucial developments on the world stage. It’s by far the best investment you can make to expand your knowledge of the world. Subscribe Today And you get a free two-week trial with no obligation to continue. “Thank you for your newsletter. Your articles are succinct and so well written. The news is global and is so informative; No embellishments and opinions, just the facts. Your newsletter is such a lifeline for me.” Wendy Wilke GlobalPost Subscriber What Subscribers Say About GlobalPost "Best there is for news recap for world events & I love the visual quality - maps with color discrimination is outstanding.  No others can match this news source." Constance "This . . . is the best I've heard of and seen, with a daily compilation of news sources from around the world." Ellen "I have found this site to be best resource for what is going on in the world." Gary "Excellent non-biased global news." Bradley "Just a note to express my gratitude for your GlobalPost publication. I read it daily and look forward to each day’s news. There is very poor international news coverage in the United States and you are probably the only one providing good international coverage in the news business. Thank you." Terry "Great daily world news update." Barbara "I like this platform because they report on the happenings around the world that are seldom even seen by our media outlets in the US." Robert "Love your news!  I read it every day and couldn’t live without it now." Lindsay "I do a lot of international business and was actually gob smacked when I discovered GlobalPost . . . GlobalPost is wonderful at keeping up with international news. " Katie "I really appreciate this world update that I get daily." Laura "I can’t tell you how much I appreciate what you are doing with GlobalPost. Your focus on the various countries and their stories is content/information I may never have read otherwise. It’s too easy to brush off those stories within the context of a broader piece.  Both the content/context and its graphic presentation are a winner for me.  Thank you to your reporters, writers and editors for making me a better informed world citizen. " E Handley "This is the best international news. Wish you could find national news like this." Tony Bringing world news and analysis to people everywhere. Company Home Our Brands Leadership History Careers Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Archive Contact [email protected] 2 Atlantic Avenue The Pilot House Boston, MA 02110 617-286-2175 Copyright © 2025 GlobalPost Media Corporation. All Rights Reserved. About Global Education Initiative About The Program Student & Faculty Signup Study Guide Who We Are History Our Brands Leadership Video Contact Account Billing Archive Subscribe