GlobalLink | GlobalLink GlobalLINK - Electronic Trading Platforms Fund Connect FX Connect FX Connect MTF BestX Currenex TradeNeXus GlobalLINK ™ - the open platform for the next generation financial services technology With our award-winning GlobalLINK suite of electronic trading platforms, you have access to comprehensive trading capabilities that work together or independently to give you a competitive edge. Delivered via our LINK end-to-end platform, these trading solutions increase transparency, boost trading efficiency and deliver quantifiable execution, simplifying and streamlining your workflows and improving communication across apps and services. LINK's holistic, 'smart desktop' environment allows you to: Customize your experience to meet your complex trading, workflow, reporting and analytics needs Leverage single sign-on to create, operate and deploy flexible trading and workflow solutions with value-added interoperability features Eliminate the inconvenience of multiple screens, time-consuming logins and clunky legacy interactions across apps Make your entire trading experience more efficient, helping reduce costs and increase alpha LINK is built on flexibility, letting you plug in any of your GlobalLINK applications, draw in data from other solutions within our Global Markets suite and connect your third-party or proprietary services as needed - giving you a complete picture of your portfolio through a single view. Your browser does not support HTML video. LINK Our open platform unifies the desktop experience to provide easy-to-deploy and customizable trading and workflow solutions, with access to liquidity, financing and asset intelligence. LINK allows for best-in-class services, including our suite of trading applications, as well as single sign on (SSO) to market-leading partners and clients' internal applications. View the brochure FX Connect ® www.fxconnect.com Our multi-currency, multi-bank foreign exchange (FX) trading platform offers real-time FX execution, comprehensive trading capabilities and process efficiencies, with integration into confirmation and transaction cost analysis platforms. View the brochure Currenex ® www.currenex.com Our automated, multi-source FX liquidity/trade matching platform offers anonymous or bilaterally disclosed quotes, as well as digital and fixed-income trading platforms through private label agreements. View the brochure Fund Connect ® www.fundconnectportal.com Our cash management portal connects investors to global liquidity through money market products managed by leading fund providers. In addition to research and analytics on more than 300 funds worldwide, Fund Connect facilitates automated trade settlement and integrations with third-party systems. Private label opportunities are available for qualified financial services institutions. View the brochure GlobalLINK Payments ℠ Enables you to send cross border payments in real-time to eligible third parties through a secure portal. View the brochure GlobalLINK Synergy ℠ Our outsourced, private label service offers brokers and regional banks an eFX trading capability, without the costly investment in infrastructure. View the brochure TradeNeXus ® www.tradenexussolutions.com Our automated confirmation matching and settlement platform provides straight-through post-trade capabilities, helping to mitigate operational risk. View the brochure BestX ® www.bestx.co.uk Our innovative multi-asset transaction cost analysis (TCA) platform offers pre- and post-trade TCA for FX, fixed income and equities transactions. View the brochure State Street Clear Connect ℠ Our credit intermediation platform providing matched-principal / riskless; principal execution brokerage services on 3rd party platforms. BestXecutor ℠ Combining the precision of our BestX TCA insights and the power of our FX Connect trading platform, BestXecutor is a decision augmentation tool that offers actionable pre-trade analytics to optimize request-for-stream and algo execution. View the brochure Hear from our experts Awards We're proud to be recognized as an industry leader across our GlobalLink solutions, partnerships and insights. TradeNeXus recognized for FX Markets Asia awards (2025 Best FX Post-Trade Initiative for Asia) LINK recognized for Fintech Innovation in Asian Asset Management (Asia Asset Management Best of the Best Awards 2025) LINK is recognized as the World's Best FX Trading Technology Solution (Euromoney FX Awards 2024) BestX named the World's Best Technology Provider for FX Data Management (Euromoney FX Awards 2024) BestX recognized as Best Execution Product of the Year (Risk Markets Technology Awards 2024) TradeNeXus named Best Bank for Post-Trade Services (FX Markets - FX Markets Asia Awards 2024) FX Connect voted Best Foreign Exchange Platform (Financial News - FN Trading Tech Awards 2023) LINK voted Best New Product (Markets Media - Markets Choice Awards 2023) FX Connect recognized as Best FX Venue for Real Money Clients (Euromoney Foreign Exchange Awards 2023) Contacts GlobalLink Email Support glhelp@statestreet.com , jphelp@statestreet.com (Japan only) GlobalLink Phone Support North America :  +1-877-454-3570 Europe :  +44-(0)20-3395-7864 Singapore : +65-6826-7166 Hong Kong : +852-2978-9202 Taiwan : +886-2-2376-1314 Japan : +81-3-4530-7520 Korea : +82-2-3706-4520 Australia : +612-8249-1208 ( toll free: 1-800-GLHELP(454357) ) © State Street Corporation - All Rights Reserved Contacts Legal Disclosure Privacy Notice