ABB Group | Helping industries outrun – leaner and cleaner | ABB Skip to main content Enabling Industries to be more sustainable and resource-efficient We help industries become more productive, efficient and sustainable so they can outperform, or as we say – ‘outrun’. industries Building for tomorrow The $13 trillion global buildings and construction industry faces challenges like high emissions, material and labor shortages, and low productivity, but ABB's electrification and automation technologies offer solutions to enhance sustainability, efficiency, and performance. ABB helps you reduce waste and lower emissions Scaling data centers From cloud environments to gigawatt-scale AI, we work side by side with customers and partners to deliver the world’s most advanced data centers. One in four data centers run on ABB technology Feeding a growing world The global food and beverage industry faces growing demands; to increase output while navigating supply vulnerabilities, regulations, and resource constraints. In the food and drink sector ABB provides integrated automation, electrification, and digital technologies that help industries outperform. Enabling the food and beverage industry to outperform Decarbonizing shipping ABB are paving the way to a zero-emission marine industry, providing greater efficiency and reliability to shipowners, and preparing vessels to meet the demands of tomorrow. Driving the evolution of sustainable shipping Energy transition partner ABB is making a world of difference by enabling safe, smart and sustainable operations with integrated solutions that digitalize, automate & electrify the oil and gas industry. Smart, sustainable operations for oil and gas The future of energy Utilities face immense pressure to provide safe, reliable energy while reducing the Levelized Cost of Electricity. From maintaining grid stability to securing against cyberattacks, power-generation companies need adaptable, integrated solutions Shaping tomorrow's power generation landscape A global technology leader in electrification and automation By connecting our engineering and digitalization expertise, we help industries run at high performance, while becoming more efficient, productive and sustainable so they outperform. Electrification The world needs more power with lower emissions. As a global technology leader in electrical distribution and management, we bring electrification solutions together to accelerate decarbonization and increase energy efficiency. Automation ABB's Process Automation business offers a broad range of solutions for process and hybrid industries, including industry-specific integrated automation, electrification and digital solutions, control technologies, software and advanced services, as well as measurement & analytics, and marine offerings. Motors and Drives ABB, global leader in motors and drives, is at the core of accelerating a more productive and sustainable future. We innovate and push the boundaries of technology to contribute to energy efficient, decarbonizing and circular solutions for customers, industries and societies. Power Conversion and Control ABB power converters and controllers help customers to generate and use energy efficiently. They are designed for reliable operation even under the most demanding conditions, and for low life cycle costs. Renewable Power At the heart of the energy transition lies the expansion and reliable integration of solar, wind, hydro, geothermal and other non-fossil energy sources. Building smarter, more adaptable energy infrastructure can help leverage the immense potential of renewables. Robotics ABB Robotics is one of the world’s leading robotics suppliers, offering a comprehensive and integrated portfolio that includes industrial and collaborative robots, autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), controllers, application solutions, services, and equipment. Latest news Leading with technology The SACE Emax 3 Discover the ultimate evolution in air circuit breaker technology. ABB SACE Emax 3 is engineered to make electrical distribution systems more adaptive, reliable and secure. ABB Genix™ Industrial IoT and AI Suite Unlock the power of industrial data and AI with ABB Genix IIoT and AI Suite. Bring together domain expertise with AI and advanced analytics to transform operations, optimize assets and processes, improve energy efficiency, and accelerate sustainability goals. GoFa with Ultra Accuracy Find out how ABB’s Ultra Accuracy feature makes GoFa the most path-accurate cobot on the market, offering 10 times greater precision than other cobots, setting a new standard in accuracy. This superior performance meets the demands of applications where exact positioning is crucial for maintaining product quality and operational efficiency. Azipod® electric propulsion From its creation three decades ago to its market leading position in global shipping today, Azipod® propulsion has revolutionized marine transport with its unparalleled performance, efficiency, sustainability and reliability. ABB Ability™ Digital Powertrain The ABB Ability™ Digital Powertrain is a suite of digital solutions and services that enables you to remotely monitor the health, performance and energy efficiency of powertrains. It combines connectivity and data analytics with our expertise, helping you to make better decisions for more efficient, predictable and safe operations.