Global Domain Group | Empower Your Business with Domains Global Domain GROUP Report Abuse Whois Lookup Terms of Use Reseller TLDs Report Abuse Whois Lookup Terms of Use Reseller TLDs Empowering Your Digital Future Global Domain Group empowers businesses to expand their offerings with domain services, letting customers
                register, transfer, and renew domains at prices you control-like a guild crafting its own marketplace. Become a reseller Company * First name * Last name * Business email * Phone * Classification * Select Agency Reseller / Registrar Domain Investor Brands & Corporates Hoster & IT Provider SaaS Provider Other Position * Select CEO / CTO Domain manager SysAdmin IT / Developer Other Domain Portfolio Opportunity * Select <25 25 - 50 51 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 4999 5000 - 7499 >7500 Company Website Your Message Join Resellers Here's why industry leaders choose GDG's reseller program 530+ domain extensions, including View full TLD 2,000+ Resellers 6.4+ million Domains 530+ Domain Extensions 150+ Countries Our Reseller Advantages Let your customers acquire domain names directly from your brand. Utilize our many reseller tools that provide you control and flexibility when selling domains. Determine your pricing Let your customers acquire domains directly from your brand, using our reseller tools that give you full control and flexibility. Dedicated support As a reseller, you'll have a dedicated support ally to manage your account, just like a trusted knight in your guild. WHMCS connection Equip WHMCS to add domain management to your services, giving your customers the power to control their domains and more. Expansive API Unlock our API and easily manage your domains like a true leader with hundreds of powerful commands at your side. Whitelabel We make it easy to white-label your domain registration and management services, all under your brand's banner. Extensive TLD roster Offer your customers 530+ TLDs at competitive prices, giving you the flexibility to mark up while still offering a fair deal. All About Global Domain Group By using Global Domain Group, entities create an opportunity to elevate their brand by keeping their audience within their product or service ecosystem, all
                    while providing competitively low domain prices and the tools needed to be successful in the reseller space.
                    Grow your business today by becoming a GDG reseller! Frequently Asked Questions What is a domain reseller? A domain reseller is a company that offers domain registration services through another company. Resellers act as intermediaries, allowing businesses to provide domain registration, transfer, and renewal services to their customers without obtaining direct accreditation from ICANN. Why become a reseller? Becoming a domain reseller offers your business an additional stream of revenue while complementing your existing services or offerings. You'll have complete control over domain registration, transfers, and renewal pricing, allowing you to set margins that align with your business strategy. This flexibility enables you to enhance your value proposition, attract more customers, and increase profitability How does GDG stand out as a reseller? Global Domain Group enables businesses to expand their offerings by providing domain name services, allowing customers to register, transfer, and renew domains at competitive prices. This integration keeps customers within your ecosystem, enhances brand loyalty, and provides the necessary tools to successfully incorporate domains into your business model. We offer a variety of unique benefits that make GDG stand out, including: • The ability to set your own pricing, giving you control over your profits on domain registrations. • Extensive API capabilities to efficiently manage your reseller account and domains. • Access to over 500 TLDs for your customers to register and manage. • Various integration options, such as WHMCS or a custom storefront, to seamlessly add to your website. • A fully white-label solution, ensuring domains registered through GDG are not associated with a popular registrar. • Dedicated support to assist with any questions you may have. How do I become a reseller? Becoming a domain reseller with GDG is easy! Just fill out the form at the top of this page and our team will assess and follow up with additional information. Does it cost anything to join the reseller program? No, joining our reseller program is free! Where can I find a list of supported domain extensions? You can find our full list of domain extensions on our reseller's TLD page. Visit TLD page . Reach out to our Support Team Email Us [email protected] Global Domain GROUP We equip businesses to expand their domain services, allowing customers to
        register, transfer, and renew domains at prices you control. Let's
        build your unique domain adventure together! Copyright © 2020-2025 Global Domain Group Inc. All rights reserved. Report Abuse Whois Lookup Terms of Use Reseller TLDs