Globalping - Internet and web infrastructure monitoring and benchmarking by jsDelivr Toggle navigation CLI Integrations Slack App Discord App REST API All Integrations Credits Network Sponsors The Project About Us Blog GitHub Newsletter Twitter Monitor, debug and benchmark your internet infrastructure from a globally distributed network of probes. 0 connected probes 0 different cities 0 different countries Test type ping ping traceroute DNS MTR HTTP Target(s) IPv4 IPv6 Location Limit Port Protocol ICMP TCP ICMP Packets Apply Infinite Run Test Run a global latency test! Benchmark your CDN provider and understand how the network performs! Compare DNS providers to find the fastest one globally or in your region. Run network tests globally or from specific locations and regions. Debug and troubleshoot your networking problems and share the test results with others! Quick examples you can run instantly Ping from Amazon+Virginia Compare bing.com to google.com from Eastern Europe Infinite Ping from Berlin IPv6 HTTP GET from USA, Canada, Mexico TCP Ping from California+Eyeball DNS Resolve from China The Globalping platform Globalping is a platform that allows anyone to run networking commands such as ping, traceroute, dig, curl and mtr on probes distributed all around the world. Our goal is to provide a free and simple service for everyone out there to make the internet faster. You can use it to optimize your anycast network, monitor your latency, debug routing issues and even check for censorship in different countries. Test from anywhere with magic All Globalping integrations and tools including the CLI use the magic API field to set the location of a test. This means that you can write anything that makes sense to you as the input and we will do our best to select the most appropriate probes. Valid inputs include countries, continents, cities, US states, regions (Western Europe), ASNs, ISP names, eyeball or datacenter tags and cloud region names (us-east-2). Open source and free Every component of Globalping is open source and is being actively developed on GitHub with the help of our community and users. We offer generous free limits with higher limits for GitHub Sponsors. Developed by jsDelivr The Globalping platform is developed by the jsDelivr team who has more than 10 years of experience maintaining the jsDelivr CDN which is being used by millions of websites around the globe. Powered by community and sponsors The jsDelivr organization and all projects including Globalping rely on our corporate and individual sponsors. Consider joining them to help us release new features even faster! Secure and private The security of our systems and privacy of our users are of the utmost importance for us. We minimize the public information that our probes expose and block harmful and abusive domains and IPs. Install the Globalping CLI Run and script network tests from all over the world without ever leaving your terminal Integrate the Globalping REST API Use our free API to build your own tools, automated your tests and integrate Globalping into your existing flow Install the Globalping Slack App Install the app into your Slack organization to allow all of your members to run global tests in any channel Our users: Join the network To join the Globalping probe network all you have to do is run our container. Docker Podman Once you connect you will become part of the global community that powers the Globalping Platform. The container will work on both x86 and ARM architectures. We invite everyone to join our community and help us develop our projects. We promise a friendly discussion in our issues and code reviews We appreciate your work and will review your PRs in a timely manner We are open to new ideas and technologies You don't have to be a developer to help Copywriters, community moderators, dev relations, media relations... are all equally important Become an open source contributor! Globalping API Learn more about the project, the API, tools and become a contributor Globalping CLI Our simple to use CLI is also open source and awaits for your feedback. Globalping Probe Explore the codebase of our software probes and firmware for hardware probes as well Get a hardware probe Become a GitHub sponsor for $10/month or more and get your own hardware probe to install in your home or office network. Become a GitHub Sponsor How to get a probe? Become a sponsor Become a GitHub Sponsor for $10+/month. Fill the form Fill out this form with your details. Probe arrives Wait for the probe to arrive. How it works? Installing our hardware probe simplifies the whole process and removes the need of having a computer running 24/7. Just connect the probe to your switch or router via an ethernet cable and you are done! Our hardware probes are fully secure. They don't allow any kind of access to your LAN , they block all malicious and abusive endpoints, don't open any ports whatsoever and the firmware itself is fully open source. Learn more Become a GitHub Sponsor Globalping sponsors We thank everyone who decided to help our project by either running multiple globally distributed probes or donating to our cause. Get in Contact © globalping.io, 2022 - 2026 About Our Sponsors Terms & Policies d@globalping.io Integrations Integrations REST API CLI Slack App Discord App GitHub Bot Sign up to our newsletter Subscribe From our Blog Ping from Europe Ping from USA Ping globally Ping from AWS Traceroute from Europe Traceroute from USA Traceroute globally Traceroute from AWS DNS/dig resolve from Europe DNS/dig resolve from USA DNS/dig resolve globally DNS/dig resolve from AWS HTTP/curl from Europe HTTP/curl from USA HTTP/curl globally HTTP/curl from AWS