Salon, Spa & Medspa Software | GlossGenius NEW: Drive high-value bookings with Buy Now, Pay Later! Learn More NEW: Buy Now Pay Later is available how it works BUILD A CLIENT EXPERIENCE Overview Online Booking Client Management Client Notifications Forms & Waivers RUN YOUR BUSINESS Payments Free Data Transfer Scheduling & Calendar Finances Reports & Analytics Inventory Management Payroll Time Tracking Instant Payouts AI Tools New GROW YOUR BUSINESS Buy Now, Pay Later Team & Staff Marketing All-In-One No-Show Protection Financing Waitlist Client Insights Goal Setting memberships & packages Invoices BUILD YOUR BRAND Card Reader & Point Of Sale Reserve With Google Client Reviews Custom Website Builder customers speciality Overview Barber Brow Artist Esthetician Hairdresser Medspa & Aesthetics Lash Tech RUN YOUR BUSINESS Makeup Artist Massage Therapist & Wellness Nail Artist Personal Trainer Tanning Artist Tattoo & Piercing Artist Yoga Studios roles For Team Owners & Managers For solo Professionals For Team Members For Booth Renters pricing resources About Blog Free Data Transfer Get A Demo Learning Center Contact Support Careers log in GET DEMO Start free trial Get Demo start free trial The #1 salon, spa, and medspa software Booking, payments, marketing, and more—get started with GlossGenius and enjoy your first 2 weeks free. Just you? Get started Have a team of 2+ ? Get a demo As featured in: 100+ features built for thriving salons, spas, and medspas Calendar management Payments, POS Booking Team management Email & SMS marketing No hidden fees Start free trial No credit card required. Everything you need to run and grow your business Booking Fast booking that clients rave about Clients can easily book with you or your team in seconds– no app downloads or forgotten passwords. more on BOOKING Payments Make checkout easy for everyone Accept any client payment with a flat, 2.6% processing rate and no hidden fees. MORE ON PAYMENTS Clients Stay on top of your client relationships Get unlimited appointment reminders and client profiles that automatically update with past appointments, transaction history, notes, and more. MORE ON CLIENT MANAGEMENt Marketing Built-in marketing to grow your business Integrated email and text marketing, Google reviews, and more. MORE ON MARKETING Reporting Track business performance Organize your finances and track performance with reliable reports and analytics. MORE ON REPORTING No receptionist, no problem One automated system that saves you hours on admin work. CALENDAR Control your calendar Quickly schedule appointments, manage team bookings, and access client information, from any device. more on CALENDAR TEAM MANAGEMENT Manage and pay your team Control access, manage schedules, and pay your team all on one platform with integrated payroll and separate bank accounts for booth renters. get a demo INVENTORY Never run out of product supplies again Inventory management tracks purchases at your point of sale, automatically updating inventory quantities, sales tax, and client history. MORE ON INVENTORY MANAGEMENT Built for ✺ Salons & Spas Built for ✺ Salons & Spas Built for ✺ Salons & Spas Hair Salon Barber Esthetician Injectable & Med Spa Lash & Brow Nail Salon Massage & Wellness Tanning Salon Makeup Tattoo & Piercing "I wouldn’t be able to generate the dollars that I make behind the chair without GlossGenius. GlossGenius gave me a platform to showcase who I am- the entire customer experience is customized in a way that is authentic to me." Christopher Polcyn The Cut Collective "The difference from my previous platform was incomparable. It felt like I went from an outdated software to the future of booking and my clients said the same!" Tone Sosa TS Pro Grooming "After making the switch, my appointments booked online dramatically increased. No passwords to remember or account to create. Clients love it and even those who struggle with technology tell me how easy it is!" Zoey Jolley Essential Esthetics "Each time a client books with us, they are so impressed with the booking tools and appointment reminders that are easy for them to follow. GlossGenius has made it so seamless for my clients to fill out their forms prior to their appointments as well, saving us both time!" ‍ Jazmyn Bias UnBiased Skincare Spa and Wellness ‍ "Switching to GlossGenius was truly the best move from other past basic systems that were not working for me! I had the most successful financial year of my business with GlossGenius's help!" Taylor Steingold BROWFAIRY LLC "GlossGenius is the easiest platform ever, the most flawless thing I have encountered in the industry by far. It really set me apart from other professionals in my area - gaining 120% more business from having a more professional site." Tara Tetreault T/CO BEAUTY BAR "GlossGenius has saved us so much time! The checkout process is easy and the reports are helpful in seeing individual employee growth, top customers and where to target advertising based on where they heard of you." Leslie Short Massageology "GlossGenius has made the transition for my team so easy- and makes being a business owner less stressful. Having all my services, policies, and calendars in one place makes it easy for clients to do everything themselves while protecting the business at the same time." Liz Mckay Feather and Fringe "The website and app are so user-friendly, and being able to upload my expenses and have them categorized in an expense report has made tax season a breeze!" Ashton Corinne Ashton Corinne Makeup Artistry "I was once paying an assistant to do what GlossGenius has made so smooth and effortless! Google reviews are automatically asked for and clients can confirm and pay a deposit without needing to speak with me!" Donna Moss Donna Dawn Ink Manage a team? Learn about our teams solutions. get a demo see pricing From booking to checkout , use GlossGenius for a 5-star experience that keeps your clients coming back. New card reader, big savings Accept any payment type and check out clients in seconds. No hidden fees - just a low, flat 2.6% processing rate. $8K+ Average annual savings 2.6% Processing rate on all transactions More on Point of Sale Or, just swipe in style Choose a card reader that vibes with your brand. find your vibe Get five-star service & support Get complimentary transfer of your books and customer service that actually picks up the phone. start free trial No credit card required. FAQs How can GlossGenius boost my revenue and clientele? In addition to saving you time and money, GlossGenius offers powerful salon marketing tools to help you attract new clients and retain existing ones. With features like customizable email and SMS campaigns, social media integrations, and rebooking reminders, GlossGenius makes it easier than ever to engage with potential clients and encourage repeat visits. How does GlossGenius salon and spa software elevate my business? Not only was GlossGenius designed to streamline your salon or self-care business' operations, enhance efficiency, and deliver a superior client experience, but it was also built with a creative aesthetic that is meant to be customizable to fit your brand. We want you to have a good experience managing your salon business and also wow your clients with creative design and ease of use. ‍ What sets GlossGenius salon and spa software apart? GlossGenius has a sophisticated, modern look that allows you to showcase your style to clients and stand out in a crowd. It was designed to be easy and intuitive, so you don’t have to spend hours setting up or using your salon management software. With features like automated waitlists , auto-appointment reminders , and one-click form creation tools, the platform makes it easy to manage your salon business all in one place. We prioritize making the booking process simple for your clients as well, with an easy-to-navigate salon or spa booking site included free. ‍ How does GlossGenius handle payment processing and transactions? GlossGenius is a complete salon POS system. Payment processing : We offer secure and seamless transaction capabilities and allow salon owners to accept any payment method, including cash, credit/debit cards, and mobile payments. Reporting tools : GlossGenius provides tools for managing salon invoices, tracking revenue, and generating financial reports to help you monitor your salon's financial performance effectively. Fees: Our card payment processing fee is lower than that of other salon software options. It’s a flat 2.6% with no additional fees. ‍ Devices: GlossGenius offers 2 different card readers so you can easily handle in-person card transactions. GlossGenius Tap & Go Reader: Single-tap credit card reader GlossGenius Pro Reader: Full, mobile POS terminal The Best 5 Pilates Franchises to Open READ MORE 13 Best Massage Websites Examples READ MORE 6 Best Staff Scheduling Software for Beauty Businesses READ MORE How Luxe Braid Bar Increased Booking Values on GlossGenius with Affirm READ MORE 2025 Glossed: Get the trends, tactics & insights from millions of beauty & wellness businesses READ MORE 9 Best Lash Promotion Ideas to Increase Bookings READ MORE 8 Best Inventory System for Small Beauty Businesses READ MORE How to Create a Massage Intake Form + Free Template READ MORE Medspa Masterclass: Build Client Loyalty & Own Your Market READ MORE StyleSeat Pricing (2026): Costs, Fees, & Alternatives READ MORE 17 Nail Trends of 2025 That Will Make Your Clients Go Wow READ MORE 38 Welcome to the Team Messages for Self-Care Businesses READ MORE Platform How it Works Pricing Shop Card Readers GeniusShop Resources Blog Free Data Transfer Learning Center Get a Demo Company About Careers Contact Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Shipping & Returns Accessibility © 2024 GlossGenius. All Rights Reserved. Your Privacy Choices