Glow | Track Your Periods, Ovulation, Pregnancy, and Baby Over 200k 5-Stars Ratings Glow: The Complete Women’s Health Guide. Ovulation Pregnancy Baby Period Tracker App App Store Google Play Track Your Health A Family Of Four Apps From period to parenting Glow Get pregnant faster and easier Download | Learn More Glow Nurture Follow your prenatal health Download | Learn More Glow Baby Support your child’s health Download | Learn More Eve by Glow Track your period Download | Learn More Unlock Glow Premium Start with a 7-day free trial, then $59.99/yr. Start Free Trial Unlimited GlowGPT Premium articles Comparative insights Health forecast Advanced charting Daily health plan Premium support Profile Customization Ad-free Learn more about Glow Premium here . No commitment. Cancel anytime. Shop For Your Health The Glow Shop Get Glow-only exclusive deals for women’s health essentials Get Glow Fertility Bundle Glow Smart Breast Pump Smart app-controlled breast pump compatible with Glow Baby app. Shop Now → Glow Basal Thermometer Seamless integration with the Glow app, and pinpoint ovulation accuracy. Shop Now → Glow Test Strips Bundle Predict ovulation with 2X Accuracy, when paired with Glow app. Shop Now → Shop more products → Largest Community For Women’s Health 25m+ Members Worldwide 0 + Members strong -2 + Pregnancies 0 + Data logged 0 + Posts created I’ve been using this for years. It’s pretty darn accurate. I say this because I have compared it to 4 other apps which I had used for several months and this app was by far the most accurate and user friendly. October 21, 2022 Ellie C Google Play Love the glow apps!! Use with both of my pregnancies. Started out with glow to find out when I was ovulating so we could conceive our first baby. I am now using the glow nurture app to help me through the steps of the way! June 25, 2020 D Padilla Google Play This app is very helpful for parents wanting to track their baby’s eating sleeping, diaper changes, and pumping progress. The charts have also been helpful for doctors visits. Definitely recommend for any new parents. September 24, 2020 Jess H Google Play 25M+ women worldwide have joined the Glow Community Find Your Community Today Glow Resources Let’s Glow Glow is here for you on your path to pregnancy Glow helps you navigate your fertility journey with smart tools, personalized insights, and guidance from medical experts who understand what matters most. See Our Editorial Standards 25+ million Users 4.8 stars 200k+ app ratings 20+ Medical advisors Getting Pregnant Fertility tips and tools to help you conceive. Pregnancy Guides and answers for every week of pregnancy. 1st Year (Baby & You) Milestones, care, and recovery in baby’s first year. Baby Products Trusted gear, safe essentials, and parent-loved picks. What the press are saying More than a period tracker. Wildly ambitious 10 life-changing things to try… The app that changed my life FAQ For more information, visit our Help Center . Which apps offer Glow Premium? Your Glow Premium subscription will grant you access to Premium features from all Glow apps–from period to parenting! I’m trying to conceive. Where should I begin? Glow’s Ovulation Calculator and Fertility Tracker is a very good place to start. It helps you forecast your fertile window and ovulation date so you get pregnant faster. What are the benefits of connecting to your partner on Glow? Achieving your reproductive goals is a team effort. Glow’s Partner connection is especially helpful for couples who are trying to conceive, as the feature provides hints and about actions that each partner can take day-to-day to improve his/her fertility—improving the chances of conceiving quickly. Features include: – Daily health logs for both female and male partners – Tailored insights to help each of you to learn about how your daily lifestyle decisions, from alcohol consumption to underwear choices, impact your fertility – Your own Health Profiles and weight, calorie, and nutrition tracking charts – Shared alerts on ovulation day, period start and end dates, and throughout the fertile window – Shared access to your percent chance of getting pregnant and cycle calendar What steps has Glow taken to protect my privacy in Glow Community on Web? Instead of having your full first name and profile photo visible as they are on the mobile community, community members on the web will only be identified via the first two letters of their first name. Additionally, photos are automatically protected from being visible unless someone has a Glow account they login with. Can I download my data? Yes you can, please reach out to support@glowing.com and our team can send you a CSV file of your data. Say hello to GlowGPT