Gluroo - The Collaborative Diabetes Management App Skip to content Gluroo Menu Menu Team Blog Support Simplify Diabetes. Gluroo’s app is built for all diabetes and health journeys, from prediabetes and self-reliant T2D adults to families supporting a newly diagnosed child with T1. Worry Less and Live Life More With Gluroo, you can reduce the time, worry, and effort of managing prediabetes and diabetes. Blood Glucose Reminders Integrates with multiple CGMs and pumps so you and loved ones can track lows, highs, and rapid swings. Your Blood Sugar, Everywhere See your numbers on your watch, phone lock screen, widgets, and live activities. Meal Logging Snap a photo for AI analysis of carbs and macronutrients. Makes logging meals effortless. Import Exercise and Health Data Pull your activities from Apple HealthKit, Google Health Connect, and fitness trackers. AI Analysis of Photos Just take a quick photo and get a full analysis of Carbs, Calories, Fat, Protein and Fiber. Take the guesswork out estimating Carbs and Calories! Integrates with Apple, Samsung, Google, and other Watches Gluroo is the only Apple Watch complication provider that can give you up to 60 real-time live updates from your Libre Sensor every hour. Works great with Dexcom too! See your Blood Glucose chart on your CGM on Samsung Galaxy Watches (including the Samsung Galaxy 6, Samsung Galaxy 7, and Samsung Galaxy Ultra).   Works with Wear OS 4 and Wear OS 5 We simplify device management We make it easy for you to connect your devices to Gluroo, so you can see and share your real-time data from anywhere. Dexcom Gluroo is not affiliated with these companies. See your blood sugar… Everywhere you look Gluroo Supports Dynamic Island (iPhone 15+), iOS Lock Screen Live Activity, and Android Home Screen Widgets iPhone Dynamic Island iPhone and iOS Lock Screen Android Home Screen Widget (also Lock Screen notifications with charts) Not just great for people with diabetes… For caregivers and parents, Gluroo enables multiple people to monitor blood glucose and log meals and doses. Kids and other family members get support when they need it, while maintaining or developing independence. Families Share Data Across Devices Gluroo helps parents and caregivers stay on top of their child’s health by sharing real-time data across everyone’s devices, including insulin boluses, meals, pump settings, predictive reminders, and more. Adults Control Your Data Adults with prediabetes or diabetes—whether Type 1 or Type 2—will love Gluroo for its simple, speedy logging. Plus, you’ll benefit from the ability to display your data on other devices using Gluroo Global Connect, a Nightscout-compatible backend. So you’re in control of your data. Import data from other apps and devices via Apple HealthKit (iOS) and Google Health Connect (Android). Healthcare Providers Provide Real-Time Support Gluroo gives healthcare providers access to their patients real-time data in one simple dashboard view to monitor their health and make more informed decisions about what’s working and what isn’t. Your clinic, your diabetes educator or coach, your school nurse or whoever helps you: Gluroo helps bring your team together! Use Gluroo on your Own or as part of a GluCrew Team Most of our users use Gluroo on their own. If you have someone you love with diabetes, get your GluCrew started… Together you’ll worry less and live life more. People love Gluroo… Faster logging. Smarter notifications. Helpful insights. Patented innovations to make managing your health easier. The Team Built by people who live it. Every Day. Gluroo is nurtured by a team of people who have diabetes themselves, or deal with it in their family . We’re building Gluroo to help ourselves, and we’re working hard to make it help you, too. Our team has worked at tech companies and healthcare non-profits big and small. Get started Caution: Dosing decisions should not be made based on this device. The user should follow instructions on the continuous glucose monitoring system Caution : This device is not intended to replace self-monitoring practices as advised by a physician. GLUROO IS NOT YET COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE AND HAS NEITHER BEEN REVIEWED NOR APPROVED BY THE FDA Interested to Learn More ? Get started Already have a Gluroo account? Visit app.gluroo.com support@gluroo.com Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn © 2025 Gluroo • Built with love in the U.S.A. Privacy Policy EULA Medical Warnings License Acknowledgements