Global Market Insights Inc. | Actionable Data for Smart Business Decisions Industry Reports GMIPulse Megatrends Media Press Release Blogs Infographics Whitepapers Media Citations About us Our People Our Services Our Clients Contact us Careers Start Your 7-Days Trial Today Register using the form below to start your trial Trusted By Leading Publications Request Your Trial Industry * +82 Submit No credit card required GMIPulse: Your Strategic Market Intelligence Hub Transforming market research with GMIPulse — A revolutionary platform that fuses AI-driven analytics with human expert insights for unparalleled market understanding with industry expertise to deliver actionable intelligence and strategic advantage. Explore unique features and insights on GMIPulse Book a Free Demo 12,000+ Reports 4,000+ Clients 2,400+ Managed Projects Our Clients Client Stories What Our Clients Say " I have reviewed the report, and we found the statistical data particularly useful. We have incorporated your data along with our own insights regarding the trends of Japanese companies (our main clients), as well as local and foreign players, to build a comprehensive view of the market environment. Thank you again for your support. " Yutaka Hosoyamada NX Logistics Research Institute and Consulting, Inc. " Thank you for leading this project! Your professionalism, diligence and quality of work is exceptional! It was a great experience working with you and I hope we have the opportunity to collaborate on additional projects in the future. " Jeff Hastings Eagle Advisory Solutions " We all agreed that your team produced one of the best reports we've seen in a long time. Thus, our thinking about future opportunities together. " Heather Kirkpatrick AdvantiGen Biosciences " Thank you very much for your responses. We have now completed our review and will be closing this project. We truly appreciate your kind cooperation and support throughout. " Takehiko Fushimi Teijin Aramid " Thank you again for the report you previously provided. We found it to be of very high quality, and we are very satisfied with the outcome. " Reo Yamawaki EY Strategy & Consulting Co., Ltd. " Thank you very much for the highly insightful report. " Kazuya Mizumoto Mitsui Chemicals Cited by Leading Publications Aerospace and Defense Automotive Semiconductors and Electronics Energy and Power Food and Beverages Healthcare Construction Chemicals and Materials Media and Technology Explore All Industries Recent Reports Published : December 2025 Automotive Infotainment Market 240 Pages The global automotive infotainment market size was valued at USD 30.9 billion in 2025. The market is expected to grow from USD 32.8 billion in 2026 to USD 60.9 billion in 2035 at a CAGR of 7.1%, according to latest report published by Global Market Insights Inc. .... Published : December 2025 Essential Oils Market 210 Pages The global essential oils market was valued at USD 28.3 billion in 2025. The market is expected to grow from USD 30.5 billion in 2026 to USD 60.4 billion in 2035, at a CAGR of 7.9% according to the latest report published by Global Market Insights Inc. .... Published : December 2025 Passenger Vehicle ADAS Market 230 Pages The global passenger vehicle ADAS market size was estimated at USD 32.2 billion in 2025. The market is expected to grow from USD 36.7 billion in 2026 to USD 160.3 billion in 2035, at a CAGR of 17.8% according to latest report published by Global Market Insights Inc. .... Explore All Reports Our Services Industry Reports Our in-depth market research reports enable clients to access accurate, detailed data and integrated business insights. Through our robust research methodology, reports include quality market forecasts and are designed for use in various industries. Our team of research professionals track key industries and identify critical developments and potential growth opportunities. Our reports are designed to provide a clear understanding of the business environment by systematically breaking down the marketplace to highlight areas of interest to our clients. Know more Off-the-rack research We offer comprehensive and insightful market research reports, uniquely designed via a comprehensive methodology. Our research team deploys extensive data mining and strong validation practices in conjunction with iterative primary research to determine accurate values. We specialize in conducting in-depth interviews with industry experts to help validate research and formulate comprehensive reports. Industry Research Market Sizing and Forecast Competitive Intelligence Market Entry Strategy Pricing Trends Sustainability Trends Customer Insights Technology Evolution Innovation Trends Distribution Channel Assessment Know more Research Subscription Practice Organizations often require the services of a dedicated team of analysts to focus solely on their research needs. Our team will work directly with your organization to address your specific requirements, saving you time and the process of recruitment and training. Dedicated team with 24/7 support Analyst support for ad-hoc research requirements Regular briefings and periodic deliverables Options for creating custom research projects Access to research studies and industry databases at a reduced cost Know more Consulting Practice Our consulting practice engages with clients throughout the entire strategy process. From idea design to implementation, we offer solutions to our clients' fundamental problems. In addition, our knowledge can guide businesses through growth platform design, technology scouting studies, IP tracking, customer insight and competitive intelligence exe Growth Opportunity Assessment (GOA) Analyst support for ad-hoc research requirement Customer Insights (CI) Competitive Business Intelligence (CBI) Distribution Channel Assessment (DCA) Know more Technology Consulting At GMI, we specialize in providing a dynamic, exclusive approach to help our clients leverage technology advancements and propel their business toward success. We recognize that every industry is undergoing a rapid digital transformation. Our goal is to assist clients in leveraging this trend to maximize cost savings and implement best sustainability practices. Our technology consulting services are geared towards established players and market entry aspirants alike. We offer our clients strategic IP and R&D management services, exploration of open innovation technologies while providing the convenience of in-depth techno-economic feasibility studies to scrutinize the viability of business proposals. Know more Growth Consulting Modern business needs are constantly evolving. Our growth consulting services offer innovative solutions to ensure our clients stay ahead of the market. We help to plan comprehensive strategic approaches, comprising highly detailed diversification studies while carving out a dynamic go-to-market roadmap that offers critical insights on pricing tactics, product branding, customer engagement techniques, and other major pain points. To empower clients to seamlessly implement business strategies, GMI assists in outlining detailed balance scorecards and organizational structures to monitor business performance and manage task allocation. We help business owners expand their professional pursuits through dynamic growth strategies and competency development services. Know more Custom Research Our customized research solutions provide deliverables that are tailored to meet specific client requirements and to facilitate project goals. We understand the need for distinctive research requirements and are equipped to provide actionable insights through in-depth, segment-focused reports. Our customized report delivery contains competitive benchmarking studies and mapping-based research to provide personalized insights to clients. At GMI, we provide clients with the option of designing bespoke solutions, as opposed to selecting the subject matter from a pre-existing stockpile of content, to chart out exclusive, custom-made reports spanning a massive playing field. Know more Top Industries Show all Information FAQ Conferences & Events Media Citations How To Order Corporate Presentation Link Careers Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy Research Methodology Global Headquarters Global Market Insights Inc. 4 North Main Street, Selbyville, Delaware 19975 USA Toll free : +1-888-689-0688 USA : +1-302-846-7766 APAC : +65-3129-7718 Email: [email protected] Global Market Insights Inc. © 2025 All Rights Reserved. linkedin twitter facebook youtube Industry Reports GMIPulse Megatrends Show All... Media Press Release Blogs Infographics Whitepapers Media Citations About Us Our People Our Services Our Clients Contact Us Careers