Free Email Accounts @GMX.com: Secure & easy to use Please enable JavaScript to experience the full functionality of GMX. Login SSL Email address Password Log in Forgot password? Sign up Search Search Sign up Sign up Log in Email Email Create email address Mail app MailCheck Mail Collector Features Organizer Contacts Online Office Search Cloud Cloud Cloud app Devices synchronization Cloud backup File sharing Security Security Spam filter Antivirus Password Encryption Two-factor authentication Support GMX Migration Service First steps Help & Contact Center Sign up World's oldest professional footballer joins new club on loan UK drone users face new regulations Christmas travel chaos expected as UK transport braces for busiest festive season in a decade Anthony Joshua is in a stable condition after fatal car crash Apple tries to overturn court ruling Airbnb fined €64m for advertising unlicensed properties Ruben Amorim explains why he had to wait to change Manchester United system Samsung adds Google Photos to TV sets LEGOLAND Florida announces Brian Bacica as new president Luke Littler thanks jeering fans for 'paying for his prize money' ... Popular Searches Hot Topics Top Tech Innovations Health Insurance Space Exploration News Record-Breaking Sports Events Crypto Market Buzz Technology Apple tries to overturn court ruling Technology Samsung adds Google Photos to TV sets Sponsored Content Sports Sports World's oldest professional footballer joins new club on loan Sports Anthony Joshua is in a stable condition after fatal car crash Sports Ruben Amorim explains why he had to wait to change Manchester United system Sports Luke Littler thanks jeering fans for 'paying for his prize money' Sports Nottingham Forest want VAR audio from Manchester City loss Sports Dominic Calvert-Lewin 'feeling good' View More Technology Technology Doctors alarmed youngsters using AI chatbots to seek emotional support Technology TikTok bans fake weight-loss adverts Technology Marco Rubio blasts 'radical activists' Technology Uber and Lyft agree partnership with Baidu Technology Uber and Lyft piloting Baidu robotaxis in London in 2026 Technology Apple to make it easier to connect non-Apple accessories to iPhones and iPads View More GMX: The Best Free Email Account Sign up for a GMX email account and enjoy state-of-the-art mail security, 50MB attachments, almost unlimited email storage, and the option of checking several email accounts with one convenient interface. Enjoy the best free email account today – including these top tools : Mail Apps : Stay in touch on the go with the GMX mobile apps Cloud : Save and share files with 2GB of free online storage Secure email : Advanced spam filter, antivirus, encryption and optional 2FA Online Office : Free office suite to create and edit documents, spreadsheets and presentations MailCheck : Instant email notifications and one-click login in your web browser Mail Collector : Manage multiple email accounts from your GMX inbox Safe, secure and always organized What makes GMX stand above other free email providers? We ensure that your email and other data is safe at all times with powerful antivirus protection and spam filters. And for even more peace of mind, you can activate email encryption and two-factor authentication . Need more than one email address? No problem – you can create up to ten in a single account and manage all these alias addresses in a single inbox. Additionally, GMX will help you stay organized with an easy-to-use online calendar and address book. Finally, with access through any computer using our webmail feature and on all your devices with our mobile apps, you can be sure that you are always in touch with those who matter most. About GMX GMX prides itself on providing unparalleled email services to each and every user. We are constantly developing new and exciting features that make our email accounts stand out from the crowd. With our commitment to advanced communications, you’ll find our safe free email accounts suitable for both personal and professional use. Visit our support pages and FAQs if you have any questions or experience any issues. Whatever your question, our knowledgeable support team are always on hand to help. Discover the difference with GMX and create an email account for free. Sign up for GMX today! About GMX Terms & Conditions Privacy Settings Privacy Policy Data Collection CA Do Not Sell My Info Accessibility Environment Jobs Help Center Press Room Copyright 1&1 © 2025 1&1 Mail & Media GmbH. All rights reserved.