X Enterprise APIs | X Developer Platform X API for Enterprise Ultimate access to the global conversation The data, support, and reliability you need to help power your business at scale. Why X? X is Global Explore new markets and expand cultural relevance with access to diverse access to diverse global perspectives and local-level context across X. X is Public Your customers, media outlets, influencers- even your competitors, are monitoring what’s happening. Leverage X’s public forum to identify risks, strengthen operations, inspire innovation, and make the most of the spotlight. X is Realtime X provides real-time insights so businesses can rapidly respond, develop new ideas, and make data-driven decisions relevant to what’s happening now. Additionally, businesses can gain insight from the past to better predict the future with full access to the entire historical archive of public X data, dating back to 2006. Build with us Companies trust X for reliable, sustainable, and complete access to all the data they need. See our success stories. Enterprise products Realtime Make data-driven decisions in real-time. PowerTrack API Decahose stream Account Activity API Historical Study the past to predict the future. 30-Day Search API Full-Archive Search API Historical PowerTrack API Insights Understand content performance Engagement API Explore working with a X Official Partner By working with an Official Partner, you’re able to access world-class technology and expand what’s possible for your business on and off X. Official Partners are consistently vetted for excellence and have unparalleled access to X, enabling them to build best-in-class solutions to tap into the global conversation. Explore our partners Ready to build your enterprise solution? Our solutions are customizable, with highly responsive technical support. Apply for enterprise access X enterprise data customers View our customer directory PowerTrack API Make data-driven decisions in real-time PowerTrack provides complete coverage of posts as they happen, filterable across a wide range of operators and rules. With PowerTrack, you can listen in real-time, monitor competition, understand trends, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Decahose stream Discover unexpected events and trends The Decahose offers a random sample of 10% of the X Firehose in real-time. With the Decahose, you can uncover emerging trends, monitor the competitive landscape, discover things you didn’t know, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Account Activity API Build unique engagement experiences The Account Activity API delivers realtime access to activities related to a X account via webhooks. With the Account Activity API, you can easily build live chat experiences for customer service, chatbots, brand engagements, and much more. Documentation Group-2 30-Day Search API Discover insights and trends from recent Posts The 30-Day Search API provides instant and complete access to the last 30 days of public X data. With 30-Day Search, you can analyze unexpected events, enable customer exploration, create powerful product demos, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Full-Archive Search API Build better experiences with the full archive The Full-Archive Search API provides instant and complete access to the full archive of public X data. With Full-Archive Search, you can analyze unexpected events, discover behavior patterns, develop benchmarks, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Historical PowerTrack API Conduct deep research backed by history Historical PowerTrack provides access to the full archive of public X data through an economical batch access process. With Historical PowerTrack, you can develop benchmarks, dive deep on a specific topic, evaluate high-volume data sets, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Engagement API Measure the true reach and impact of posts. Realize the full potential of your marketing efforts with access to accurate impression and engagement data for owned organic posts. With the Engagement API, you can measure and optimize content, benchmark against previous efforts, identify and work with influencers, and much more. Documentation Group-2 Developer policy and terms Follow @XDevelopers Subscribe to developer news X platform X.com Status Accessibility Embed a post Privacy Center Transparency Center Download the X app Try Grok.com X Corp. About the company Company news Brand toolkit Jobs and internships Investors Help Help Center Using X X for creators Ads Help Center Managing your account Email Preference Center Rules and policies Contact us Developer resources Developer home Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Developer terms Business resources Advertise X for business Resources and guides X for marketers Marketing insights Brand inspiration X Ads Academy © 2025 X Corp. Cookies Privacy Terms and conditions Did someone say … cookies? X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly. Show more about your choices . Accept all cookies Refuse non-essential cookies