Team Messenger & Online Collaboration Platform – Flock Why Flock? Use cases Engineering Sales Marketing Product Human Resource Customer Support CUSTOMERS Case Studies Testimonials Features Communication Video Conferencing Channel Messaging Voice Notes Integrated Search Productivity File Sharing To-dos Polls Reminders Security Admin Controls Authentication Data Retention User Permissions Enterprise Pricing Learn more Compare Slack Microsoft Teams Guides Download Blog Videos Flock API Sign in Why Flock? Use cases Engineering Sales Marketing Product Human Resource Customer Support CUSTOMERS Case Studies Testimonials Features Communication Video Conferencing Channel Messaging Voice Notes Integrated Search Productivity File Sharing To-dos Polls Reminders Security Admin Controls Authentication Data Retention User Permissions Enterprise Pricing Learn more Compare Slack Microsoft Teams Guides Download Blog Videos Flock API Sign in Your new home for collaboration. One shared space for all your cross-functional work Get Flocking Get Flocking Already on Flock? Sign in When teams align, work flows Assemble your organization on Flock and start crushing your goals Communicate in channels Channels in Flock help streamline decision making and problem-solving. Organize your conversations and manage all your work in channels to hit your business objectives. Discuss what’s important Create a channel for anything worth discussing, from team projects to company-wide initiatives. Avoid the chaos and clutter Eliminate discord caused by messy chats and emails. Work async to get a better grip on work. Connect with video conferencing Flock’s built-in video and voice calling system keeps your employees engaged and connected across all your devices, wherever work takes them. Don’t get lost in translation Communicate in person to verbalize feedback and clarify tone when text won’t cut it. Enhanced video conferencing Share your screen from any device to dive into the details and convey your message visually. Engage with productivity tools Flock is stacked with features and tools that make communication effortless and collaboration seamless from top to bottom, throughout the whole company. Seamless file sharing Keep information flowing safely throughout your organization with secure, real-time file sharing. Simple project management Keep stakeholders up to speed and projects on track with shared notes, to-dos, and reminders. Be more productive Flock helps cross-functional teams stay sharp with a robust suite of shared productivity tools that keep progress on point. Discover productivity tools >> Be less distracted Bring all your work into Flock by connecting the apps your team uses daily, and say goodbye to context switching and distractions. Discover the app store >> Personalized Onboarding Onboard your whole company in just 10 days with personalized onboarding Read more >> Data Security & Privacy Keep your work safe and secure with best-in-class admin features Read more >> Dedicated 24/7 Support Know that Flock has your back 24/7 with dedicated customer support Read more >> Gain peace of mind when your teams align Growing businesses use Flock to break silos, bridge gaps, and build stronger working relationships. Sales & Marketing Finance & Human Resource Product & Engineering Sales Connect your CRM and get notified in Flock when a new lead gets qualified, then drop a GIF in the marketing channel to rejoice Marketing Convert leads quicker with sales in the loop; share campaign insights in channels and always be closing Finance Connect in channels to plan budgets without the chaos of round-the-clock meetings and tie up all your loose ends before the quarter-end crunch Human Resources Coordinate interviews and share feedback in one channel while you finalize contract details with your CFO in another Product Build the perfect product planning workflow in Flock using channel integrations with Asana, Trello, or Jira Engineering Connect all your developer apps and tools in Flock and manage your entire coding universe in one place What our customers have to say " Flock has helped us tremendously with communication. It has really helped with improving productivity and efficiency within our company. " Donae Peyper Sales & Marketing Manager, Ryonic Robots " We were communicating via text and email previously. People were missing messages and not getting important information. Flock has revolutionized our communication! " Holly Hanson President, Drama Kids of North Columbus " Flock is our virtual office - a central hub where everyone can work together, drive through action and, ultimately, succeed as a team. " Hillan Klein COO, Namecheap Leader, Spring 2018 #1 Team Chat Alternative Hot Product - Team Collaboration Start Your 30-Day Free Trial of Flock Get Flocking Get the app for Windows PC , Mac , Linux , Chrome Get Flocking Product Features Compare Customers Pricing Security Blog FlockOS Browse Apps Build Apps API Documentation Support Videos Help Center User Guide Admin Guide Contact Sales Legal Use cases Engineering Sales Marketing Product Human Resource Customer Support Company Careers News Neo's Business Email Download Desktop App Mobile App Mobile App Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Titan Solution Ltd SEZC  © 2025