Home | Go2App top of page About Services Referrals Menu Close Get Started Go2App Reimagine how users go to your app. Get Started About Go2App was born from a vision of a different kind of mobile advertising solution . Our co-founders, Raphi and Dan, know the challenges brands face in acquiring, retaining, and monetizing high-value users. Modern marketers are used to working with off-the-shelf or white-label options that don't fully cater to the unique needs of their business . ‍ We saw an opportunity to create a solution that was not only effective but also bespoke and transparent. Our unique blend of in-house technology has set us apart in the industry. Purpose We are proud to help brands of all sizes achieve their user acquisition and monetization goals . ​ Our goal is to be the global leader in mobile advertising technology . And to reach that goal, we are laser focused on you. From direct advertisers and advertising agencies to app publishers and network managers , we are building a comprehensive platform that caters to the unique needs of our clients. Scale Your App Growth Smarter. At Go2App, we power mobile and web user acquisition with data-driven strategies, advanced targeting, and creative excellence. Whether you're in gaming, fintech, or e-commerce, our team is ready to help you turn installs into real ROI. Let's Talk Growth OUR SERVICES Our targeted PPC strategies place your app in front of motivated users, driving installs and engagement while maintaining cost efficiency. PPC We strategically purchase ad placements across high-performing channels, ensuring maximum visibility and engagement for mobile apps. Media Buying We attract high-quality users who discover, download, and engage with your app, boosting long-term retention and revenue.​ User Acquisition We focus on pay-for-results campaigns, ensuring every dollar spent delivers measurable growth and maximized ROI for app developers. Performance Marketing Our proprietary platform automates ad buying, optimizing in real-time to target the right audience at the right moment for better conversions. Programmatic Advertising Who We Work With Testimonials Go2App has been a great partner in achieving our mobile user acquisition goals. The team provides strong, direct communication, and their responsiveness, transparency, and professionalism make them great partners. Being a partner with Go2App has been a great experience for the last 5+ years. The entire team has been excellent to work with, Go2App has consistently brought in high volume and high-quality traffic exceeding KPI goals. Working with Go2App has been a great experience. Their team is professional and knowledgeable but also genuinely invested in our success. The collaboration has been transparent, results-driven, and exceeded our expectations. Get in touch Ready to take your user acquisition efforts to the next level? Simply fill out the contact form, and we'll be in touch shortly to discuss how Go2App can support your growth strategies. jonathan@go2app.com ​ Tel Avi, Israel We deliver high-value users for our select app & web partners across all industries. Menu About Services Referrals Menu Close Policy Privacy Policy © Part of Z2A Digital . About Services Referrals bottom of page