GO54 - Web Hosting Company Get 20% OFF Cloud Mail Workspace & Core . Use Promo Codes 𝗖𝗠𝗪𝗦𝟬2 & 𝗖𝗠𝗖𝗥𝟬𝟭 🚀 Domains Purchase/Register Domain The virtual home of your business: Quick domain registration Domain Transfer Seamless domain transfer for a smooth transition perform WHOIS search Detailed WHOIS Search become a domain reseller Automate reselling of domain names via API Resources Managing Domain Settings and DNS Records Our in-depth guide takes you step-by-step through the process of transferring your domain to us Learn more Why your domain should not expire Learn how to change contact details, adjust DNS records and more on managing your domain Learn more All articles Website and Hosting Website Builder Create a beautiful website builder with our easy to use builder tool linux shared hosting/shared hosting Secure, scalable and affordable shared Web Hosting JavaScript hosting Secure, scalable and affordable shared Web Hosting Python hosting Secure, scalable and affordable shared Web Hosting Wordpress Shared hosting The Perfect Fit for Your WordPress Site Hosting Migration/ Transfer Hosting Upgrade your hosting experience and transfer to us reseller hosting Perfect reseller solution for Your hosting business Link-in-Bio Simplify Link Management with Link-in-Bio Resources Create webmail accounts on your shared hosting Understand how to set up website backups, so that your data is securely stored and easily recoverable Get started Accessing Terminal on cPanel Account Follow our guide to install and configure SSL certificate on your website Learn more All articles Marketing and Emails Professional Email and Workspace Get a business-focused email address Google Workspace Email Set Up a Custom Email Address with Google Workspace Microsoft 365 Microsoft 365: Your Productivity Partner Communication APIs Use our SMS, Voice, Whatsapp and Email APIs Resources Create emails on an email hosting account Learn how to view the reports of SMSes sent through Hostafrica Nigeria Limited’s SMS marketing tool Learn more Understand the differences between the Microsoft 365 plans Learn how to change contact details, adjust DNS records and more on managing your domain Learn more All articles Servers Business Tools Google Workspace Set Up a Custom Email Address with Google Workspace Microsoft 365 Get M365 email solution Codeguard 10% OFF Protect your website with automated backups Jetpack Automate WordPress Backup Solutions with Jetpack Sitelock 10% OFF Website security & malware protection for your website SSL Certificate 10% OFF Unlock trust and security with SSL certificates Resources Installing and Configuring SSL Certificates Jump right in — get an overview of the basics and get started on building. Read more Get started with MarketGoo SEO tool Once you’re ready, learn more about advanced analytics, features and shortcuts. Read more All articles Support Support Center Knowledgebase System Status Resources Setting Up Automatic Website Backup Understand how to set up website backups, so that your data is securely stored and easily recoverable Get started Installing and Configuring SSL Certificates Follow our guide to install and configure SSL certificate on your website Learn more All articles Get Started Log In NGN Own Your .com.ng Domain Today for Only ₦5,999 Register Now Transfer Domain Search Domain Start the domain registration process today! Domains Hosting Email Marketing More Domains Hosting Email Marketing More Explore hosting options Looking for speed, simplicity, space, or super-power hosting, we’ve got you covered. Choose from our shared and cloud hosting(VPS, dedicated hosting). Learn More Hear from Our Valued Clients Still not convinced? Here are clients who have trusted us to grow their businesses I've been using GO54 for several years now, and I am happy with their service. Their hosting plans are affordable, reliable, and easy to use. Whenever I needed support, their customer service team was helpful. I recommend GO54 to anyone looking for a reliable web hosting company. - Victor A Switching to GO54 was one of the best decisions I've made for my business. Their platform makes it easy for me to manage my websites efficiently. Their customer support team is always available to assist with any issues I have. I would recommend them to anyone in need of reliable hosting services - Sarah K As a web designer, I've worked with several hosting providers, but GO54 stands out. I love that they offer a wide range of domain extensions. They also have different hosting options to suit different needs. - Uche J Providing online solutions for leading businesses and organisations Why GO54? Over 100,000+ entrepreneurs and businesses have trusted us to deliver excellent service Intuitive Interface Our platform, designed with the user in mind is simple. Manage your domains and hosting effortlessly, even if you’re a beginner. No.1 web hosting company in West Africa We are West Africa's largest and most popular web hosting provider, supporting businesses, and entrepreneurs for the past 14 years and counting. All-in-one business solution We're your dedicated partner in achieving online success. With our comprehensive, business solution, we simplify the digital world for you. Reliability Trust is the foundation of our services. Experience unparalleled uptime and top-notch security for your online assets. Affordability We believe in providing cost-effective solutions. Enjoy competitive prices without compromising quality. 24/7 Customer support Need assistance? Our customer support, available around the clock, is as reliable as Godaddy.com's renowned support team. You've got mail. Get industry tips and tricks and juicy offers straight to your mailbox. I'm interested, Sign me up Join over 100k entrepreneurs and businesses already growing with GO54. Log in Get Started Products Domain Registration Domain Transfer Shared Hosting Dedicated Cloud Hosting VPS Cloud Hosting Wordpress Hosting Professional Emails Marketplace Create Link-in-bio Programs Affiliate Program Reseller Program Services Build a Website Support/Help Center Chat with us Knowledgebase System Status Report Abuse Tools WHOIS Lookup DNS Checker Promos/Coupons Link-in-bio Resources API Documentation Join Community How-to Videos Company About GO54 Contact Us Careers Our Blog Media Assets Product Catalog Acquisition Account Manage Products Register/Login Select a country © 2025 GO54 . All rights reserved. Refund Policy Terms Privacy