Welcome | authentik Skip to main content Features Integrations Documentation Pricing Blog Search Replace Azure/Entra ID Ping Keycloak Okta Take control of your identity needs with a secure, flexible solution. Get Started Reasons to Switch Over 1 million installations. Trusted by: Resilient and trustworthy No need to rely on a third-party service for critical infrastructure or expose your sensitive data to the public internet. Flexible and scalable Use our pre-built workflows, or customize every step of authentication through configurable templates, infrastructure as code, and comprehensive APIs. Security through transparency Open source code is continuously reviewed by experts in the community, and we prioritize security from design to code, testing, and maintenance. Streamlined pricing No more guessing if a feature is included or paying extra for core functionality. Covers both B2B and B2C use cases. Supports all your applications and more! Why authentik? Using a self-hosted, open source identity provider means prioritizing security and taking control of your most sensitive data. With authentik, you no longer need to continually place your trust in a third-party service. Automate and simplify Adopt authentik to your environment, regardless of your requirements. Use our APIs and fully customizable policies to automate any workflow. Simplify deployment and scaling with prebuilt templates and support for Kubernetes, Terraform, and Docker Compose. Customer Highlight CoreWeave collaborates with large AI enterprises to deploy authentik as an essential authentication tool. Read more from CoreWeave "With help from the Authentik Security team, CoreWeave was able to create a robust and reliable system in just under two weeks." — Engineering Manager, CoreWeave Do more with authentik Core Capabilities authentik Okta Microsoft ADFS Azure/Entra ID Keycloak Duo Authelia Self-host Anywhere MFA ⓘ Conditional Access Open-source/Source Available Application Proxy FIPS Compliance Enterprise Support WebAuthn (Passkeys) GeoIP / Impossible Travel Remote Access (RDP, VNC, SSH) OIDC Back-Channel Logout Protocols authentik Okta Microsoft ADFS Azure/Entra ID Keycloak Duo Authelia OAuth2 / OIDC SAML2 SCIM LDAP RADIUS SSF (Apple Business Manager) Federation support authentik Okta Microsoft ADFS Azure/Entra ID Keycloak Duo Authelia OAuth2 / OIDC OAuth1 SAML2 LDAP SCIM Kerberos Use cases authentik Okta Microsoft ADFS Azure/Entra ID Keycloak Duo Authelia Authentication Enrollment Self-service Try authentik now! Get started Learn about pricing Documentation Documentation Integrations Developer Documentation Installations Use Cases Single Sign-On (SSO) Customer Identity Management Zero Trust Security Legacy Application Integration Remote Access Gateway API Security More Jobs GitHub Discord Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Copyright © 2025 Authentik Security Inc. Built with Docusaurus.