Skip to Main Content
Solutions
Resources
Company
Careers
Sign in
Request a demo
Educators rank GoGuardian #1 for student outcomes in safety & productivity. *

Go further with GoGuardian. Save time and watch students thrive with streamlined web filtering, classroom management, and harm prevention.

Request a demo
Explore Admin
Explore Teacher
Explore Beacon
#1

The #1 choice for  K-12 web filtering.1

1.9M

Used and loved by  1.9 million teachers.2

18K

An estimated 18,623 students protected from physical harm.3

GoGuardian products are used by nearly 50% of public and private K-12 students in the United States.

Equip administrators, mental health officers, counselors, and educators with the necessary tools to focus digital exploration on learning, shield students from harmful content, and identify the signs of student harm.

Request a demo
GoGuardian Admin
GoGuardian Teacher
GoGuardian Beacon
The most preferred K-12 web filtering solution

Comprehensively manage filtering policies across users, devices, operating systems, and browsers from a single dashboard.

Explore GoGuardian Admin
Safe learning, simplified
Block harmful content while allowing access to educationally appropriate materials anywhere, anytime.
Tailor learning experiences with custom groups and advanced web categorization to meet the specific needs of your school and students.
Actionable insights at your fingertips
Gain valuable insights through detailed dashboards and reporting, identifying exactly where (and why) students need extra support.
Stay ahead of potential issues with Smart Alerts. Immediate awareness enables rapid response to address problems before they escalate.
For minimal risk, you need the most comprehensive solution
Safeguard against harmful content with powerful AI filtering that lets teachers access their favorite learning resources with ease.
Policy templates, audit logs, role-based access controls, and detailed reporting help your school with compliance and federal regulations like FERPA and COPPA. Plus, we can help school districts achieve CIPA compliance.
GoGuardian Admin's Impact on K-12 Technology
91%

91% of educators favor GoGuardian Admin for keeping their students and community safe.1

84%

84% of respondents agreed2 that their school effectively implemented online content filters that restricted students’ access to harmful content (while using GoGuardian Suite products).

9/10

9 of 10 respondents agreed3 that their school could better monitor content, policies, and communications with students using school-issued devices (when using GoGuardian Suite products).

12024 Hanover market research. This is an aggregate of respondents who indicated they “Somewhat Agree” or “Strongly Agree” with the statement; 2-3Respondents from pilot schools in 2023 third-party efficacy survey. Satisfied refers to a combination of somewhat satisfied and very satisfied.

Smart integrations with tools you already rely on

Your team and tech program require solutions that can be tailored to meet your unique needs. Our thoughtful approach to implementation ensures that GoGuardian tools fit into your specific learning environments.

Request a demo
Rooted in science, driven by innovation.

We're studying the impact of digital learning on student outcomes — our research is focused on understanding how we can improve digital learning to help every student thrive.

Learn More
Privacy minded, student focused.

We take pride in being recognized leaders in student privacy protection. We have publicly committed to the updated Student Privacy Pledge 2020 and are independently certified by iKeepSafe as FERPA compliant.

Learn More
Hear what the education community says about GoGuardian

"With the product GoGuardian, we were able to consolidate down to a single filtering system and start using that for all our networks. It didn't matter what device you brought, we're able to filter that."

Adam Johns, Systems Administrator, Camdenton School District

See the Story

“You can use GoGuardian Teacher as a differentiation tool to push out websites to different student groups. Kids are more receptive to what interests them, so GoGuardian gives teachers the chance to plan ahead for every student.”

Patricia Coldren, Lee County Schools (NC)

See the Story

“It has saved lives just in our district...You can rest well at night, knowing you are changing districts and saving lives.”

Dr. Jim Cummins, Superintendent, Neosho School District

See the Story

* 2025 third-party market research survey of 419 K-12 Administrators.

1 ”The #1 choice for K-12 web filtering, ensuring safer, more focused classrooms.” October 2024 Hanover survey of K-12 IT Professionals regarding respondent perceptions of safety and productivity brands. GoGuardian Admin ranked the #1 most positively perceived K-12 web filtering tool

2 "The most loved classroom management tool used by 1.9M teachers." Most loved data from a 2024 nationally representative survey of current K12 teachers on preference for K12 classroom management tools. 1.9 million teachers statistic is from June 2024.

3 ”Since 2020, Beacon has prevented an estimated 18,623 students from physical harm.” From March 2020 to July 2024, Beacon alerts notified schools and districts of 18,623 students at risk of harm.

Solutions
Professional Services
Safety & Security
Classroom Management
GoGuardian DNS
For Windows
For Apple
Pricing
Resources
Self Harm & Suicide Prevention
Glossary of Technical Terms
Livestreams & Webinars
Conferences & Events
Success Stories
Product Updates
GoGuardian Newsletter
Company
Careers
Leadership Team
Accessibility Statement
Research & Insights
Newsroom
GoGuardian Gives
Brand Guidelines
Channel Partner Portal
Security Reporting Program
Support
Help Center
Video Training
Status Page
Contact Us
Privacy & Terms
Website Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Product Terms
Product Privacy Policy
Privacy & Trust
Pear Deck Learning
Pear Deck Learning Website
All Products
Teacher tools
Resources & Community
California Notice
Your Privacy Rights

© 2025 Liminex, Inc. doing business as GoGuardian. All rights reserved.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. GoGuardian Website Privacy Policy

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies