GoGuardian | Engaging Digital Learning for Schools Skip to Main Content Solutions Safety & Security Unify filtering, classroom management, and student safety solutions. Classroom Management Encourage and measure student engagement. Professional Services Get the most from GoGuardian solutions with premium professional services. Get a quote Products Admin Teacher Beacon Discover Hall Pass Pear Deck Learning Success Stories Downey USD Camdenton SD Chagrin Falls SD Redding SD Windsor Public Schools More Success Stories Resources GoGuardian Blog Help Center Video Training Status Page Training & Webinars Channel Program Self Harm & Suicide Prevention Efficacy Glossary of Technical Terms Company Research & Insights Privacy & Trust Events & Conferences Newsroom GoGuardian Gives Contact Us Careers Search Page Sign in Sign in Request a demo Request a demo Educators rank GoGuardian #1 for student outcomes in safety & productivity. * Administrators agree: GoGuardian solutions save admins and educators time.* Go further with GoGuardian. Save time and watch students thrive with streamlined web filtering, classroom management, and harm prevention. School hours are limited, but they go further with GoGuardian. Save time and help students thrive with streamlined web filtering, classroom management, and harm prevention. Request a demo Request a demo Explore products Explore products This is some text inside of a div block. Explore Admin This is some text inside of a div block. Explore Teacher This is some text inside of a div block. Explore Beacon #1 The #1 choice for  K-12 web filtering. 1 1.9M Used and loved by  1.9 million teachers. 2 18K An estimated 18,623 students protected from physical harm. 3 GoGuardian products are used by nearly 50% of public and private K-12 students in the United States. Equip administrators, mental health officers, counselors, and educators with the necessary tools to focus digital exploration on learning, shield students from harmful content, and identify the signs of student harm. Request a demo Request a demo GoGuardian Admin GoGuardian Teacher GoGuardian Beacon The most preferred K-12 web filtering solution Comprehensively manage filtering policies across users, devices, operating systems, and browsers from a single dashboard. Explore GoGuardian Admin Explore GoGuardian Admin Safe learning, simplified Block harmful content while allowing access to educationally appropriate materials anywhere, anytime. Tailor learning experiences with custom groups and advanced web categorization to meet the specific needs of your school and students. Actionable insights at your fingertips Gain valuable insights through detailed dashboards and reporting, identifying exactly where (and why) students need extra support. Stay ahead of potential issues with Smart Alerts. Immediate awareness enables rapid response to address problems before they escalate. For minimal risk, you need the most comprehensive solution Safeguard against harmful content with powerful AI filtering that lets teachers access their favorite learning resources with ease. Policy templates, audit logs, role-based access controls, and detailed reporting help your school with compliance and federal regulations like FERPA and COPPA. Plus, we can help school districts achieve CIPA compliance. GoGuardian Admin's Impact on K-12 Technology 91% 91% of educators favor GoGuardian Admin for keeping their students and community safe. 1 84% 84% of respondents agreed 2 that their school effectively implemented online content filters that restricted students’ access to harmful content (while using GoGuardian Suite products). 9/10 9 of 10 respondents agreed 3 that their school could better monitor content, policies, and communications with students using school-issued devices (when using GoGuardian Suite products). 1 2024 Hanover market research. This is an aggregate of respondents who indicated they “Somewhat Agree” or “Strongly Agree” with the statement; 2-3 Respondents from pilot schools in 2023 third-party efficacy survey. Satisfied refers to a combination of somewhat satisfied and very satisfied. The most loved classroom management tool by teachers Create personalized learning environments for more classroom engagement, more instructional time, and more meaningful connections with students. Explore GoGuardian Teacher Explore GoGuardian Teacher Foster a focused and engaged classroom See what students are working on, pinpoint their needs, and provide tailored support — or an extra challenge. Open tabs, annotate screens, and implement custom guardrails by barring or allowing specific websites. Reclaim instructional time Easily access and share materials from different instructional tools all in one convenient place. Automate your classroom setup by integrating rosters and scheduling sessions in advance. Make meaningful connections with students Build stronger connections and gain deeper insights into student needs with messaging and check-in features. Feel confident stepping away from the computer screen to engage with students in person. Amplify your impact with GoGuardian Teacher One Week Saved On average, teachers who use GoGuardian Teacher's Open Tab feature save almost a week of instructional time 1 in a school year. 97% When surveyed, 97% of educators agreed 2 that GoGuardian Teacher enables teachers to uphold consistent classroom management practices. 9/10 9 in 10 teachers report they are satisfied 3 with GoGuardian Teacher. 1 2020 Internal quantitative data analysis; 2 Agree is a combination of somewhat and strongly agree. 2021 customer-wide survey; 3 Respondents from pilot schools in 2023 third-party efficacy survey. Satisfied refers to a combination of somewhat satisfied and very satisfied. Prevent students from physical harm with GoGuardian Beacon When it comes to student safety, every second counts. Explore GoGuardian Beacon Explore GoGuardian Beacon Proactively identify activity to empower early action Receive notifications when student activity indicates a risk of self-harm, suicide, or possible harm to others. Identify warning signs across search engines, web apps, and more. Notify the right responders at the right time Get timely alerts with critical contextual information so staff can easily assess risk levels and take action. Customize escalation lists by contact and notification type to allow staff to focus on students who need it most. Intervene early and save lives Assess the status of alert interactions with actionable data for faster response plans and meaningful interventions. Additional support available: Receive phone calls from U.S.-based safety specialists for active planning alerts, 24 hours a day, with Beacon 24/7. GoGuardian Beacon’s Impact in the Classroom 24/7/365 With Beacon 24/7, a Safety Support Specialist is always on duty to receive, review, and engage with a district’s hand-picked escalation list in response to an active planning alert. 87% 87% of respondents indicated 2 that students and school/district communities are safer because of GoGuardian Beacon. 8/10 80% of users in a third-party survey agreed 1 that their school referred students to qualified intervention specialists in a timely manner (when using GoGuardian Suite products). 1 2024 Hanover market research; 2 Respondents from pilot schools in 2023 third-party efficacy survey. Agreed refers to a combination of agreed and strongly agreed. Smart integrations with tools you already rely on Your team and tech program require solutions that can be tailored to meet your unique needs. Our thoughtful approach to implementation ensures that GoGuardian tools fit into your specific learning environments. Request a demo Request a demo Rooted in science, driven by innovation. We're studying the impact of digital learning on student outcomes — our research is focused on understanding how we can improve digital learning to help every student thrive. Learn More Learn More Rooted in science, driven by innovation. Privacy minded, student focused. We take pride in being recognized leaders in student privacy protection. We have publicly committed to the updated Student Privacy Pledge 2020 and are independently certified by iKeepSafe as FERPA compliant. Learn More Learn More Privacy minded, student focused. Hear what the education community says about GoGuardian "With the product GoGuardian, we were able to consolidate down to a single filtering system and start using that for all our networks. It didn't matter what device you brought, we're able to filter that." Adam Johns, Systems Administrator, Camdenton School District See the Story See the Story GoGuardian Admin Story “You can use GoGuardian Teacher as a differentiation tool to push out websites to different student groups. Kids are more receptive to what interests them, so GoGuardian gives teachers the chance to plan ahead for every student.” Patricia Coldren, Lee County Schools (NC) See the Story See the Story GoGuardian Admin Story “It has saved lives just in our district...You can rest well at night, knowing you are changing districts and saving lives.” Dr. Jim Cummins, Superintendent, Neosho School District See the Story See the Story GoGuardian Admin Story * 2025 third-party market research survey of 419 K-12 Administrators. 1 ”The #1 choice for K-12 web filtering, ensuring safer, more focused classrooms.” October 2024 Hanover survey of K-12 IT Professionals regarding respondent perceptions of safety and productivity brands. GoGuardian Admin ranked the #1 most positively perceived K-12 web filtering tool 2 "The most loved classroom management tool used by 1.9M teachers." Most loved data from a 2024 nationally representative survey of current K12 teachers on preference for K12 classroom management tools. 1.9 million teachers statistic is from June 2024. 3 ”Since 2020, Beacon has prevented an estimated 18,623 students from physical harm.” From March 2020 to July 2024, Beacon alerts notified schools and districts of 18,623 students at risk of harm. Solutions Professional Services Safety & Security Classroom Management GoGuardian DNS For Windows For Apple Pricing Resources Self Harm & Suicide Prevention Glossary of Technical Terms Livestreams & Webinars Conferences & Events Success Stories Product Updates GoGuardian Newsletter Company Careers Leadership Team Accessibility Statement Research & Insights Newsroom GoGuardian Gives Brand Guidelines Channel Partner Portal Security Reporting Program Support Help Center Video Training Status Page Contact Us Privacy & Terms Website Terms Website Privacy Policy Product Terms Product Privacy Policy Privacy & Trust Pear Deck Learning Pear Deck Learning Website All Products Teacher tools Resources & Community California Notice Your Privacy Rights Home Facebook Instagram Twiiter youtube Linkedin © 2024 Liminex, Inc. doing business as GoGuardian. All rights reserved.