Going™ | Flight Alerts, Mistake Fares & Cheap Tickets How It Works Cheap Flights Premium Elite Login Sign Up Get App Get App Save up to 90% on flights Plan trips. Get alerts. Fly for less. Join for free Save up to 90% on flights Plan trips. Get alerts. Fly for less. Tired of searching for flight deals? Going makes travel easier Track prices for all of your trips Tell us your trip details—we'll track prices and alert you when they change. Get flight alerts to dream destinations Get notifications on big price drops and mistake fares. We find the best deals—you just book. Book your flight anywhere you choose Like a deal? Book directly with the airline—no middlemen, no markups. Join for free Join millions of travelers saving big Rated excellent on TrustPilot Tracie J. The flights were so cheap that we were able to book 6 days in sunny Monterey and explore Carmel Valley, wine country,  and so much more! Manny L. I loved Spain. I recommend it to anyone of any age. A country with nice people and great food! San Sebastián was my favorite place. I had the best torta there! Danielle G. We LOVE Ireland! So when we got the Going email with a great deal to Dublin, we knew we had to go back. We celebrated our 25th anniversary traveling around the southern half of the island for 10 days. It was so dreamy! Thanks Going!! Mike P. I saw the deal on Going and it had always been a dream of mine. So I solo traveled to Tahiti and Moorea and dove with lemon sharks, sipped mai tais and motorbiked around the island. Kenny L. I was really hoping to surprise one of my best mates for his big 4-0. The Going deal to Europe could not have come at a better time! We had a fantastic weekend, which was perfect timing before restrictions were put into place. Mark P. After having 3 international flights and 1 cruise canceled in 2020 we were very excited to finally make it out of the country on New Year's Eve. We celebrated the holiday and the first 10 days of the new year in perfect weather in Ambergris Caye, Caye Caulker, and Belize City. Samantha P. Going made my dream adventure to Japan a reality. I never thought I could afford international travel! One trip down, a lifetime to go. Olga D. I had traveled to Europe before, but never thought I’d be able to afford to take my whole family.  Round trip tickets for  $305 each definitely made it possible for all of us to go for my 50th birthday!  So grateful that we all got to have that experience prior to Covid.  Now we’re all chomping at the bit for our next international trip! Betty W. I was inspired by the low fare to Alaska and then proceeded to book the most incredible 2 weeks roaming around the state by rental car, float plane and bus. Everything I truly wanted to experience was open, an amazing uncrowded Fall in one of the most desirable destinations on the planet. Mary Z. We usually go "home" to Milwaukee for Thanksgiving break, but it costs close to $500 a ticket. When SCF told us we could travel to Sydney for the same price, we chose Sydney! It was AWESOME! We visited Sydney, the Blue Mountains, and the Reptile Park. April D. When we saw the low fares pop up for St. Thomas last December, we jumped on the opportunity!  A direct flight for $89.16 round trip!  We celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary and my husband’s 50th birthday on the island. It was amazing!  We couldn’t have done it without Going! Carey S. I was looking for a family vacay that would fit everyone’s schedule, my kids are in school and college. The great deal popped up while they were still on break from school but I had to spend time researching Dominica before I booked!! So glad I did, the “nature island” was amazing and safe for my family, we had an adventure of a lifetime!! Ketrea W. St. Patrick’s Day 2019 was on a Sunday. My friends and I knew we had to witness the parade once in our lifetimes. It’s hard to get deals out of XNA, but I’ve been using SCF since 2017. This is the one of the many deals SCF has gotten me out of XNA, but Dublin was my favorite. Round trip to Dublin with a stop in London-Heathrow both directions! Join for free The Going app makes your travel dreams a reality Whether you're planning your next trip or hunting for amazing deals, Going has you covered. Sign up today and start traveling for less! Join for free Download the app About How it works About Us Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Careers Premium Membership Elite Membership Newsroom Member Stories Gift Cards Reviews Resources Referral Program Cheap Flights On the Fly Travel Guides Travel Glossary Window Seat Blog How to Find Cheap Flights How to Use Google Flights Study Abroad Scholarship Travel Community Going Gear Shop Advertise With Us Become an Affiliate Media Kit Play Airportle Points and miles deals Support help center contact us Follow Us Get the app TERMS Privacy © Going 2026