Golden Globes The Show Awards Database 2026 Nominations Winners/Nominees Carol Burnett Award Cecil B. DeMille Award News Latest News Video Gallery History Golden Globes History About Award Rules and Entry Forms Media Info Publicist Info Publicist Application Voter Application Voter Info Voter Biographies Golden Globes Leadership Team Contact Us FAQs Skip to content The 83rd Annual Golden Globes® streaming live Sunday, January 11, 2026 at 5PM PT / 8PM ET. 83rd Golden Globes® Nominations Announced This year’s nominees span film, television, podcasts, and original music. View All Nominees 83rd Annual Golden Globes® Publicist Application Now Open The online publicist credential application for the 83rd Annual Golden Globes® is now open HERE and linked below. To request credentials to cover/attend on-site, please complete the below application by Friday, December 19, 2025, at 2 p.m. PT.   Applications will not be accepted past this deadline with the exception of those from publicists who represent ceremony presenters who are booked after December […] Read More Nominations Announced for the 83rd Annual Golden Globes® Nominations Announced for 83rd Annual Golden Globes®    Hollywood’s Party of the Year® will Air Live on CBS on Sunday, January 11, 2026 Watch the full nominations announcement at CBSNews.com/GoldenGlobes, CBS News App,  YouTube or TikTok   LOS ANGELES, December 8, 2025 – Today, the Golden Globes® announced the nominees for the 83rd Annual Golden […] Read More First-Time Nominees Gather for Golden Globes Luncheon In a year that was unpredictable, the overarching emotion at the Dec. 17 Golden Globes luncheon for first-time nominees felt clear: It was gratitude. There were gratitude and optimism for the way that movies, television and podcasts have connected with people, offering comfort and understanding in a chaotic world. The event, now in its second […] Read More Gallery: Golden Globes Salute the Global Impact of First-Time Nominees Read More Robb Report Unveils Gift Bag Curated for the 83rd Annual Golden Globes The Golden Globes® and Robb Report unveil the official gift bag offered exclusively to the winners and presenters of the 83rd Annual Golden Globes®. ‘The Ultimate Gift Bag’ is valued at just under $1 million, representing the most expansive gift and experience assortment to date. Recipients will have the opportunity to tailor selections to their […] Read More In Memoriam: Rob Reiner (1947-2025) Rob Reiner (March 6, 1947–December 14, 2025) had three notable careers: An actor, notably on the groundbreaking CBS sitcom “All in the Family,” starting in 1971; a director with a string of huge hits starting with “This is Spinal Tap” (1984) and as a producer via his Castle Rock Entertainment; and as a political activist, […] Read More Hend Sabry, Alia Bhatt Honored by the Golden Globes The Golden Globes® announced that Tunisian actress Hend Sabry and Indian actress Alia Bhatt have been named this year’s recipients of the Omar Sharif Award and the Golden Globes Horizon Award, respectively, at a reception during the fifth edition of the Red Sea International Film Festival. “We are honored to present the Omar Sharif Award […] Read More Golden Globes Showcases Nobu Menu, Gift Bag at Special Event The Golden Globes® has unveiled the Nobu menu for the 83rd annual ceremony on Jan. 11, including innovations for guests at the Beverly Hilton, as well as for viewers at home. After the Dec. 8 announcement of nominations, members of the press and other guests moved to the hotel’s International Ballroom, where they were also […] Read More CBS to Air Globes’ Golden Eve Awards as an Annual Primetime Special CBS and Dick Clark Productions (DCP), the world’s largest owner and producer of televised live-event entertainment programming, announced the premiere of “Golden Eve,” a new annual primetime special honoring recipients of the Cecil B. DeMille Award and Carol Burnett Award, to air nationally on Thursday, Jan. 8, 2026, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on the CBS Television […] Read More The 83rd Annual Golden Globes Timetable & Eligibility Rules & Award Guidelines The Golden Globes® today released its timeline, eligibility rules and award guidelines, for the 83rd Annual Golden Globes, the first major award show of the season, airing Sunday, January 11, 2026 (8-11 PM, live ET/5-8 PM, live PT) on the CBS Television Network, and streaming on Paramount+ in the U.S. Hosted by acclaimed Golden Globe, […] Read More Media Applications for 83rd Golden Globes Are Now Open Applications to cover the Jan. 11, 2026, Golden Globes red carpet and ceremony are now available. The link to the application form can be found HERE. All applications must be accompanied with a valid work assignment from their outlet. All requests must be submitted via the application by Wednesday, December 10, 2025, at 5 PM PT. […] Read More Disabled Characters Still Largely Invisible in Hollywood Disability representation in the movies has more lows than highs. According to the CDC, one in four U.S. adults have a disability, but that’s far from reflected in movies.A recent Annenberg study looking at 1,800 of the most popular films last year showed the number of disabled characters on-screen is still 2.4%, the same number […] Read More Golden Globes Announces Tribute Event in Brazil 2026 The Golden Globes announced it will host an event in partnership with Urland Ventures celebrating Brazilian film and television talent, scheduled for March 2026 in Rio de Janeiro. “The Golden Globes has a long history of recognizing international talent, and Brazil has given the world some of the most extraordinary voices, stories, and artistic vision,” […] Read More Sarah Jessica Parker to Receive Golden Globes’ Carol Burnett Award Sarah Jessica Parker will be the sixth recipient of the Golden Globes’ Carol Burnett Award, to be presented in a ceremony televised on CBS Jan. 8, just days before the 83rd annual Golden Globes are held on Jan. 11. Parker has received four Golden Globes, all as lead comedy actress for Sex and the City. […] Read More Helen Mirren to receive Golden Globes’ Cecil B. DeMille Award Helen Mirren will be the 70th recipient of the Golden Globes’ Cecil B. DeMille Award, in recognition for her decades of work on screen and in television. A new primetime special, Golden Eve, will debut on CBS Thursday, Jan. 8, 2026, a few days before the awards ceremony, showcasing the honorees of the DeMille and  […] Read More ‘Spider Woman’ and the Year’s Changing Roles of LGBT+ in Films & TV The first time as a moviegoer that director Bill Condon felt seen as a gay man was with the 1971 “Sunday, Bloody Sunday.” “There was a great big passionate kiss between the older and younger man that was absolutely wonderful and a completely non-judgmental portrayal of a gay man,” Condon says. Prior to that, LGBTQ+ […] Read More Sarah Jessica Parker at the Globes Through the Years Read More Helen Mirren at the Golden Globes Through the Years Read More More Stories Looking for Past Show Winners and Nominees? Please check out the official Golden Globe Awards Database listing every nominee and winner. Awards Database Subscribe to Newsletter Email address Sign Up GG will store your name and email address and use them to send the Weekly Globe newsletter. Withdraw consent by clicking on the link in an issue. Read our Privacy Policy. Something went wrong! Please try again. Thank you for your submission! Venice 2024 Red Carpet Trends: Angelina Jolie, Cate Blanchett, Jenna Ortega, Zhang Ziyi Read More Over the last 28 years, the Golden Globe Foundation has donated more than $55 million to entertainment-related nonprofit organizations, academic programs, and humanitarian organizations, provided more than 2,224 scholarships to college students, and funded the restoration of over 138 classic films. Subscribe to Newsletter Email address Submit GG will store your name and email address and use them to send the Weekly Globe newsletter. Withdraw consent by clicking on the link in an issue. Read our Privacy Policy . Something went wrong! Please try again. Thank you for your submission! Tabulation proudly provided by KPMG LLP (US) The Show Awards Database 2026 Nominations Winners/Nominees Carol Burnett Award Cecil B. DeMille Award News Latest News Video Gallery History Golden Globes History About Award Rules and Entry Forms Media Info Publicist Info Publicist Application Voter Application Voter Info Voter Biographies Golden Globes Leadership Team Contact Us FAQs Golden Globe(s)®, Cecil B. Demille® and Golden Globes® Statuette design mark are the registered trademarks and service marks and the Golden Globe® statuette the copyrighted property, of Golden Globes, LLC. Copyright © Golden Globes, LLC. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Adchoices Terms of Use Event Terms and Conditions Your Privacy Choices Dismiss Disclaimer Your Privacy Rights Golden Globes, LLC (“Golden Globes”) uses first and third-party technologies to enable PMC and third-parties to collect information about you and your interactions with our sites and services (including clicks, cursor movements and screen recordings). Learn more HERE . By continuing to use our sites or services, you agree to our Terms of Use (including the class action waiver and arbitration provisions) and Privacy Policy , which have recently changed. Search Search