Goldsmiths, University of London | Goldsmiths, University of London skip to main content Goldsmiths - University of London Students, Staff and Alumni Search Students, Staff and Alumni Study Course finder International More Search Study Courses International More Search Goldsmiths Main menu Primary About Goldsmiths Study with us Research Business and partnerships For the local community Faculties and Schools News and features Events Give to Goldsmiths Staff & students Staff + students New students: Welcome Students Alumni Library Timetable Learn.gold - VLE Email - Outlook IT support Staff directory Staff intranet - Goldmine Graduate School - PGR students Teaching and Learning Innovation Centre Events admin Goldsmiths, University of London Different is what we do Discover our exciting degrees Course finder Autumn Events Course finder Autumn Events Search our courses Open Days and visits Accommodation options Chat with our students Open Days Find out more about what makes life at Goldsmiths unique. Meet academics and have your questions answered. From campus tours to informative talks there’s lots to see and do. Book your place Starting at Goldsmiths in January 2026? 
Find out all you need to know ahead of your arrival. Welcome Knowledge in action Marking our 120th anniversary as a University. Celebrating 120 Who we are We offer a space for self-discovery, delivering world-leading research and progressive teaching from our single-site campus in the heart of South East London. About Goldsmiths Courses Research Services for business Events Local community Goldsmiths Centre for Contemporary Art 80% of our undergraduate students move on to highly-skilled work after their studies. Graduate Outcomes Survey Goldsmiths life Virtual tour Explore the Goldsmiths campus via 360-degree images and ‘Day in the Life’ experiences. Local area Get to know buzzing South East London through our area guides. Accommodation Learn more about the range of accommodation choices available. Meet our students Highlights 2025 at Goldsmiths: A year of knowledge in action Forensic Architecture wins funding for study into deaths in custody Accessible designs allow public to 'listen like a tree' Lecturer contributes to album and concert marking Daphne Oram centenary About us Contact us Find us Jobs Accessibility statement Cookie use Copyright and disclaimer Slavery and human trafficking statement Admin login Twitter LinkedIn TikTok Instagram YouTube © Goldsmiths, University of London Back to top