World Gold Council | The Authority on Gold Skip to main content Global Global 中国 日本 Home About Us About Gold Industry Standards ESG News & Events Insights World Gold Council Gold Industry & Corporate Goldhub Professional Investors Invest.gold Individual Investors Gold Spot price - AWAITED Last Updated Show chart Gold spot price Price and Premium Data Watch the film The Global Experts on Gold As a leading organisation in the gold industry, we're committed to shaping the conversation around gold and creating a brighter future for all. Insights Unearthed Podcast Key Initiatives Gold247 Goldhub Available in both English and Chinese, Goldhub is the definitive source of gold data, insights, and analytical tools for professional investors. About Gold Gold in the Global Economy Mined and refined, treasured and invested, essential to our daily lives: take a deep dive with us into gold’s role in the global economy, in our new report. Historical Demand and Supply Central Banks Data on central bank gold holdings, sales and purchases, as well as insights Latest Research Gold ETF Flows: November 2025 Global physically backed gold ETFs saw inflows six months in a row, adding US$5.2bn in November. Asian investors (+US$3.2bn) bought the most whilst North America (+US$1.1bn) and Europe (US$978mn) also experienced positive flows. Read more 5 December, 2025 Research Gold Outlook 2026: Push ahead or pull back Gold has experienced a remarkable 2025, achieving over 50 all-time highs and returning more than 60% as of the end of November, driven by heightened risk, dollar weakness and price momentum. Read more 4 December, 2025 Research Gold Market Commentary: Technical difficulties A momentum flush out and stronger dollar contributed to a see-saw for gold from its 50th all-time high. But gold still managed good gains in October. Read more 6 November, 2025 Goldhub Looking for insight and analysis on gold? Our team of experts produce market-leading research and macroeconomic commentary on gold. Gold & ESG See more Industry Insights Responsible Gold Mining Ensuring high ESG standards across the gold supply chain Gold and Climate Change Analysing gold’s relationship with climate change Gold’s Contribution to Society Understanding gold’s role in socio-economic development GOLD: A Journey With Idris Elba Join Idris Elba to discover the human story of gold – how it has shaped us, and our world. Start the journey Insights See more insights Weekly Markets Monitor Weekly Markets Monitor: A season for Kevin? 22 December, 2025 Taylor Burnette Research Lead, Americas World Gold Council Jeremy De Pessemier Asset Allocation Strategist World Gold Council You asked, we answered: Is gold’s appeal fading on rising vol? 19 December, 2025 Unearthed Podcast World Gold Council Unearthed: Gold's Breakout Year & Outlook for 2026 18 December, 2025 Data View all Goldhub data here Demand and Supply Data on sectors of gold demand, supply, productions costs and futures market positioning Price and Premium Benchmark gold prices, gold futures curves and local price premium/discount Performance Metrics Returns, volatility, correlations and trading volumes for gold, bonds, equities and other major asset classes Central Banks Data on central bank gold holdings, sales and purchases, as well as insights from annual surveys into central bank attitudes towards gold. BACK TO TOP Receive the newest data and research in your inbox Helping you stay informed about the gold industry’s latest news and updates. SIGN UP Follow us World Gold Council Home About Us About Gold Industry Standards ESG News & Events Insights Values Accessibility COVID-19 statement Human Rights Statement Modern Slavery Statement Expectations of Suppliers Women's Empowerment and Gender Equality Legal Manage Cookies Cookies Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Join our Focus Group We value your opinion, we would like to hear from visitors like yourself. Sign up now Ask me later We value your opinion - The World Gold Council would like to contact visitors like yourself to participate in focus groups, surveys and share your feedback on the World Gold Council website experience. Contact us Sitemap Our Offices 当社のオフィス 沪ICP备16026324号-1 公安备案号31010602004116 ©2025 World Gold Council. All Rights Reserved 使用微信扫一扫登录 [世界黄金协会] ×