Golf Lessons, Golf Clubs & Expert Club Fitting | GOLFTEC The banner is to inform visitors of an important message Link Golf Lessons  Find a Location Book a Lesson Optimotion Learn More FAQ PRACTICE  Find a Location OPTI AI Learn More FAQ Clubs & Fitting  Find a Location Golf Clubs Fitting Events Book a Fitting Learn More FAQ Inside GOLFTEC  About Golftec What We Do Locations Technology Pricing Our Coaches Blog FAQ Contact Us GIFTS Book a Lesson Book a lesson Book a Fitting Book a lesson Log In Search Call Us Book A Lesson Play Better! Book a Fitting Play Better! Book a Lesson Play Better!  Popular searches: Golftec Pricing Golftec Center Near Me List of Services Golftec Gift Cards What is a Swing Evaluation Golftec holiday sale Save Up to 20% OFF Lesson Plans this Holiday Season SHOP GIFts Explore ABout GOLFTEC Learn more book now book now book today Start! Holiday Sale shop gifts Holiday Sale Shop gifts Why GOlftec The Industry leader in Golf Lessons and Club Fitting Choosing GOLFTEC gives you access to advanced technology and certified instructors, to elevate your game. At GOLFTEC, we are passionate about connecting golfers with game changing experiences. Our coaching and technology are built on a foundation of three core values: improvement, community, and personal connection. about us Golf Lessons Experience the Difference Club Fitting Get more from your clubs Our Technology Accelerated Improvement Features Being a golftec student has its advantages By choosing GOLFTEC, you gain access to a host of advantages that enhance your golf journey. Professional Coaches With personalized instruction and data-driven insights. Simulator Bays Use our training bays to work on your game with golf simulator technology. Optimotion Visualizing your swing mechanics measured in real time with video. Club Fitting Master Fitters use a data-driven approach to optimize your clubs. Golftec App Improve anywhere with stats, insights and on-course GPS tools. Pro shop Discount Save on golf gear that you can get at 10% off retail prices! The leader in golf improvment Over 100 PGA Award Winning Coaches Top Teachers In America Top Club Fitters In America Featured Golf Instruction Partner Top 100 Business in Golf P 250+ Locations Find a Location near You Find a Location near You Start playing better golf with lessons or a club fitting at a GOLFTEC near you. Book a Service Play Better! P Times Available 7 + Shots Dropped GOLFTEC students average 7 shots better. What would 7 shots mean for your game? 21 + Yards Further A fitting from GOLFTEC gives our customers 21 more yards off the tee on average. 1.8 Million Golfers Improved GOLFTEC has helped over 1.8 million golfers play better golf and enjoy the game more. World-class Technology With technology and data-driven instruction as our foundation, we’ve become the world leader in golf lessons. PGA Teaching Professionals GOLFTEC employees more PGA Teaching Professionals than any other organization. Supercharge your game with Optimotion As seen on CBS & the PGA Tour Committed to Growing the game Responsibly GOLFTEC is also deeply invested in fostering a vibrant golf community through its various outreach initiatives and partnerships. Book a Swing Evaluation Today! Start playing better golf! Watch Rose's Story Join the million+ GOLFTEC golfers The Success Stories of our golftec students View Stories "GOLFTEC really cracks down on the little details that you need to focus on when working on your game." Rose Zhang - Professional Golfer & GOLFTEC Student Ready to write your own success story? Fill out your email and we will send you a tip from a top 50 instructor to get you started ! By providing your email, you agree to receive communications via email related to your inquiry, product/service information, promotions, and company news from GOLFTEC. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link in our emails. See our Privacy Policy for more info. Let's Go! Look out for an email with your instructional tip. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. NEWS from Scramble Celebrating Excellence: 34 GOLFTEC Coaches Named in Golf Digest’s Best Teachers in Every State (2026-2027) In the News September 22, 2025 GOLFTEC Swings Big: 14 Straight Years on the Inc. 5000 List! In the News August 13, 2025 GOLFTEC In The News: Scottie Scheffler’s Swing Move for Elite Ball-Striking In the News July 24, 2025 "I can't imagine learning anywhere else without the visuals and solid coaching to make sense of what I'm actually doing when I hit the ball." Chad Wick GOLFTEC Castleton "The swing evaluation is hands down the most helpful thing I have received when it comes to truly understanding what is happening during my swing." Ryan Nordstrom GOLFTEC Minnetonka "I highly recommend GOLFTEC to anyone who wants to improve their game." Lisa Palmer GOLFTEC Boise Prev Next Golf Lessons Ready to take the next step in your golf journey Book a Swing Evaluation Your first lesson, a swing evaluation, uses advanced technology to analyze and understand your golf swing. Create Improvement Plan Your coach will help you understand your goals and create a actionable plan to accomplish them. Select a Lesson Pack Pick the lesson and practice plan that makes the most sense for you and your golf journey. Start improving! Get started with a swing evaluation from golftec Book an Evaluation Play Better! 4.6/5 From 5,000+ Customer Reviews Advanced Motion Capture Personalized Insights Data and Video Analytics Custom Improvement Plan Certified Golf Instructor Advanced Motion Capture Personalized Insights Data and Video Analytics Custom Improvement Plan Certified Golf Instructor Save up to 20% Off Lessons Already a student? Login Join the millions who have lowered their scores with GOLFTEC! Claim $30 Off Play Better Together! Follow us Over 1 million golfers improved and counting! Download the app today! GOLFTEC  About Us  Our Coaches  Technology  Locations  Golftec Cares Services  Golf Lessons  Club Fitting  Golf Clubs  Pricing Improve  The App  Blog  Videos  Careers LOCATIONS Join the Community! 877 446 5383 1M+ Support Hours M-F 7am - 5pm MDT S-Su 7am - 4pm MDT © 2025 GOLFTEC Intellectual Property, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Select Country: USA Canada China Hong Kong Singapore Dubai South Africa By clicking "Accept" , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept Reject Preferences Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essentials Always active Necessary for the site to function. Always On. Marketing Marketing Used for targeted advertising. Personalization Personalization Remembers your preferences and provides enhanced features. Analytics Analytics Measures usage and improves your experience. Reject All Accept All Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Preferences Improve