GoNoodle Close main menu Open main menu Channels Activity & Movement Subjects & Learning Holidays & Routines Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! Create a Free Account Log In Search GoNoodle End of Year Grab Bag: Wednesday Edition End 2025 with yet another awesome grab bag of some fun and educational GoNoodle favorites. SpongeBob's Pineapple Super Spinner Play now! Moosemallow Dash Join Kat from the Moose Tube crew as she runs a campfire obstacle course in this high energy exercise video. Strengthen Your Focus Learn how to bring focus to yourself with this calming video. Saved By The Bell If you wake up in the morning and your alarm gives out a warning and you don't think you're gonna make it on time...no worries! Just play this song and you'll be...SAVED BY THE BELL! Celebrate the New Year with GoNoodle Ring in the new year with these videos and activities that are sure to make you want to CELEBRATE! We’re the Party! Play now! We're The Party! Blazer Fresh Planner Make every day a Blazer Fresh day with your own personal Blazer Fresh planner! The Start Again Song Sometimes, we make mistakes, but that’s okay. Let’s sing, dance, and reset to The Start Again Song. Celebrate The New Day Take a moment to think of one thing that you can do to have a spectacular day. Respect Others on World Introvert Day Celebrate World Introvert Day by recognizing the power of those around who aren't quite as outgoing. You Are Courage Play now! When Have You Been Courageous? Write about a time you were courageous. Victorious en español Aprende a desarrollar la fuerza y la confianza interior con este ejercicio de empoderamiento. Awesome Upstander Run, jump, dodge, and duck through school so you can be an awesome UPSTANDER and stand up to bullying! GoNoodle End of Year Grab Bag: Monday Edition End 2025 with this awesome grab bag of some fun and educational GoNoodle favorites. One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish: A Dr. Seuss Count-Along! Play now! Walk Up The Stairs, Bob Walk up the stair like good ol' Bob to this super-silly song! On & Off Turn high, stressful energy off so you can be your best self with this mindfulness exercise. Blast Off Do jumping jacks, lunges, elliptical, and more in this energy-burning workout! GoNoodle End of Year Grab Bag: Tuesday Edition End 2025 with another awesome grab bag of some fun and educational GoNoodle favorites. The Princess Kat Play now! KIDZ BOP Kids: "Make Some Noise" Feel like turning it up?! Get ready to make some noise and dance along with the KIDZ BOP Kids! Water Cycle Sing, dance, and learn all about the water cycle! Bears Bears Bears Put your paws in the air and learn about BEARS, BEARS, BEARS! GoNoodle Spotlight Cold weather keeping you inside? This week we're highlighting our extended Indoor Recess videos, perfect for when you need to move but can't head outside. 12:00 Moose Fabio and Friends: The HappyMerryEverything Holiday Party! No matter how you celebrate the holidays, you're our special guest to dance, laugh and sing along to these GoNoodle holiday classics with kids just like you! 12:46 Indoor Recess: HappyMerryEverything Edition Happy Merry Everything from Coach Terry and BLAZER FRESH 2.0! 19:22 Indoor Recess: Winter Wonderland Oh baby it's cold outside! So stay inside and get warm with this mega mix of wintery hits! 9:24 Indoor Recess: Happy Holidays It's the most wonderful time of the year - INDOOR RECESS TIME! Dance along to your favorite holiday songs! Indoor Recess for Dancing and Moving Dance and move with these extended Indoor Recess videos. Sponsored 13:21 Indoor Recess: Nickelodeon Edition VOLUME 2 Coach Terry is back with another round of Indoor Recess fun, with your favorite Nickelodeon friends. Get ready for an indoor adventure like no other, complete with krabby patties, fire breathing dragons, and super secret superpowers! 12:53 Indoor Recess: I Want My NTV Do you want your NTV? Well, here it is in this totally awesome mega mix of your fav 90s hits! 9:27 Indoor Recess: Fast-Mo-Maybe-Ko Move along to this awesome 8-minute mega mix of your favorite GoNoodle videos. 7:50 Indoor Recess: Hang In There Weird Operator Move along to this awesome 7-minute mega mix of your favorite GoNoodle videos. Indoor Recess for Workout and Exercise Get a GoNoodle Workout with these extended Indoor Recess videos. Sponsored 15:20 Indoor Recess: Net Generation Edition Coach Terry knows his backhand like the back of his hand, so let’s get this Indoor Recess party started–Net Generation style! 12:01 Indoor Recess: Rock Your Body This 13-minute mega mix is chock-full of videos that will rock every part of your body, from your head to your toes! 13:45 Indoor Recess: Slice 'N' Walk 'N' Pop Move along to this awesome 14-minute mega mix of your favorite GoNoodle videos. Perfect for tight spaces! 11:21 Indoor Recess: Power Up! This 12-minute mega mix of powerful videos will wake you up, pump you up, and get you ready to face the rest of your day! Find Something Awesome by Exploring GoNoodle New Year Self-Awareness: Courage and Confidence Adventure Awaits Sports Skills Wintertime Indoor Recess for Moving and Learning Don't stop learning (and moving) with the help of these extended Indoor Recess videos. 13:34 Indoor Recess: Stop...GRAMMARTIME! Stop, EDUCATE, and listen...GoNoodle's back with a brand new invention - a 13 minute megamix of funky fresh beats that will rock your body AND brain! 11:04 Indoor Recess: Food Glorious Food Work up an appetite as you sing and dance to this 11-minute mega mix of your fave food songs. 11:38 Indoor Recess: Nerdy By Nature Nerds unite ... and sing and dance to this 13-minute mega mix of your favorite Blazer Fresh songs! 12:28 Indoor Recess: Get Loose And Shake Your Crumbs Move along to this awesome 10-minute mega mix of your favorite GoNoodle videos. Recently Watched Create a free account to start seeing your recently watched videos here! Create a Free Account Popular On GoNoodle Looking for something shorter? These popular videos are perfect for a quick dance or movement break. 3:58 Clap It Out! Sing, dance, and clap out all the syllables in this catchy song. 2:41 Purple Stew Moose Fabio and the Moose Tube crew are making purple stew! Sing, dance and join them in this high energy video. 2:58 KIDZ BOP Kids: "Beautiful Things" Beautiful things happen when you love yourself - celebrate self-love with the KIDZ BOP Kids! 4:24 Pump It Up Pump up your body ... and your jam with this intense and awesome workout. Footer GoNoodle Who We Are GoNoodle Store GoNoodle Blog Press & Media Support Docs Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! Contact Support Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! SuperNoodle About SuperNoodle Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! SuperNoodle Customer Terms and Conditions SuperNoodle Terms of Service Join the Movement! Careers at GoNoodle Contact Us Partner With Us Are you a grown up? If not, get one to help you access this section. It's for grown ups only! GoNoodle Ambassador Program Club GoNoodle GoNoodle Video Apps are available for FREE! Download GoNoodle Video App on the Apple App Store Download on Apple TV Download on Google Play Available on Roku Players and TV Available on Amazon App Store GoNoodle websites for families (home version) is certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program. Made with joy for kids and the grownups who love them ❤️ Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest LinkedIn Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Accessibility Statement © 2026 GoNoodle, Inc.