Best Chinese Drama, Drama China, Short Drama & Movies Online Free – Watch on GoodShort We're sorry but website doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to
            continue. Home Categories All Fantasy-Female Revenge Romance Suspense Thriller Urban Fantasy-Male Download TOP UP search... Following English 한국어 ภาษาไทย Indonesia Español Deutsch Français 日本語 Português العربية Log In Score 10% extra value vs the app Top Up Now Most Trending More Case Closed: The Legal Queen Returns Rose Newton spent three years as the perfect wife to cold lawyer Ian Fuller, even giving him a bracelet of ten beads—ten chances to earn her forgiveness. Now, every bead is gone. Ian never knew that when the last bead disappeared, the wife who endured his betrayals would vanish—and the legendary lawyer Vivian would return to the courtroom. After years of humiliation and living in the shadow of his first love, Rose finally snaps. Facing Ian on opposite sides of the law, this time, she will not lose. [ENG DUB] When a Fashion Queen Fell Back in Time Quila Yale, a double-award-winning actress, unexpectedly transmigrates into the role of the wicked stepmother, Lena Yale, from a show she once starred in.When a little kindness toward her stepchildren unexpectedly activates the "Mom's the Best System", she's able to provide lavish meals even during a famine. Through shared hardships, the children's suspicion turns into genuine love, finally seeing her as their true mother. By the time their father, the general, returns from war, this family is finally whole again. Blood and Bones of the Disowned Daughter Natalie was once the Parson family's cherished daughter, but her world was shattered when Monica was unmasked as the true heiress. Manipulated by Monica, she was framed for their grandmother's murder and cast out by her family to a hellish reform school. Two years later, she was released, only to be forced into a marriage with a notorious alcoholic playboy. As the truth about her past and the horrors of that "school" come to light, Natalie watches everyone with a cold stare. Her storm of revenge has just begun. Baby Daddy That's Not Your Kid! Cleaner Betty’s night shift takes a fateful turn: she rescues a drugged stranger—unaware he’s elite tycoon Eli—and they share an impulsive night. The next morning, she slips away to help her best friend Ivy out of a crisis, , leaving Eli desperate to find her. Seizing the chance, Ivy poses as Eli’s mystery woman, lying outright that her ex-husband’s child is his—and steals Betty’s place entirely.
Betty discovers she’s pregnant soon after starting medical school, raising the baby alone. Six years later, she becomes Eli’s household private physician. From their first meeting, Eli can’t shake the mother-daughter pair’s uncanny familiarity—a connection that makes him question everything… Angel's Masterpiece Pregnant Phoenix was stunned when her husband Adam's ex, Miranda, appeared with a child. The shock turned to devastation when Miranda pushed her down the stairs; Adam believed Miranda's lies and abandoned his miscarrying wife. Unbeknownst to them, Phoenix is a billionaire heiress and the world-renowned artist Angel. Now, Phoenix discards her disguise, ready to claim her power and exact vengeance. I Kicked Out My Three Fiancés in My Second Life In her past life, Dahlia Whitmore—the precious heiress of the Whitmore family—was tortured to death by the three foster brothers she grew up with and the scheming scholarship girl, Chloe. After her rebirth, she cuts every tie with them and boldly enters a political marriage with Adrian DeLuca, the mafia heir who proposed to her ninety-nine times before finally winning her hand. Adrian treasures her like a queen—while the three brothers, too late, realize just how much they’ve lost. Watch Good Short Dramas For Free Free access to trending short dramas on GoodShort app. Download and watch full episodes anytime & anywhere. Watch dramas for free on the app Top in GoodShort More A Blind Date with my Mr. Meant-to-Be Romance Perfect Love Romance Uncle Richard is My Baby Daddy Romance Becoming My Ex’s Mother in Law Romance Fated Deal with the Mafia King Romance Will You Be My Love Again? Romance Hot List More Bound to the Bastard Billionaire Romance I'm a Queen Not a Mistress Romance Mistaken for a Gold Digger Romance My Gangster Baby Daddy Pampers Me to Paradise Romance The Lady Boss from Betrayed to Beloved Romance Billionaire CEO’s Obsession Romance Love Stories More The Final Goodbye to the Closest Kin Annie never knew her mother's love. Carole despised her, reserving all her doting affection for Fiona, the daughter of a past romance. Carole believed her marriage to Ben was a drunken mistake, and Annie was simply the regrettable result. Unable to bear the abuse Annie suffered, Ben resolved to take Annie and leave Carole for good. Despite this, on her own birthday, Annie chose to give her mother one final chance. My Family Sold Me to Criminal Boss Romance When Lilian Grey is forced into marriage with notorious mafia boss Adam Steel, her life becomes a dangerous game of passion and deception. Her status as a bride turns into that of a maid when Adam’s secret marriage to another woman is revealed. Living under the same roof with Adam’s wife and enigmatic brother, Lilian uncovers family lies, a masquerade ball mystery, and false illnesses, all while navigating forbidden desires. But every step toward love reveals hidden enemies closer than she could ever imagine. Leashed to My Demanding Boss 24/7 Romance Beth’s world shatters when her boyfriend proposes to her sister on her birthday. Heartbroken, she drunkenly marries a stranger in Vegas, then flees the next morning with no memory of him. Back home, she starts a new job as the assistant to the charismatic billionaire Logan Bennette—only to discover he’s the man she married. And to top it all off, she’s pregnant. Mafia Bad Boy is My Savior Nova wakes from her first wet dream to a nightmare—her boyfriend cheating with her bully. Then Andre, the mafia boy wearing scars and tenderness she’s never known, steps out of the shadows to save her—and claim her heart. Accidentally Pregnant with the Right Billionaire's Twins Romance Naive Sophie was tricked by her mother into becoming a surrogate—but the hospital made a mistake and used the wrong sperm! As her mother and brother pressured her to have an abortion, Sophie was driven to the brink of despair. Then she learned that she was carrying the child of a billionaire, Ryder! Feeling responsible, Ryder brought her home, and the two go went from strangers to developing a mutual understanding, with romantic feelings quietly blossoming. However, when her family learned the truth, they tried to extort money from her. After rescuing Sophie again and again, Ryder decided to propose to her. Then at the proposal, his ex suddenly appeared, throwing their relationship into jeopardy—will all these misunderstandings lead to everlasting regret, or will true love overcome the lies? Burning Away for the Man She Loved Fiona Simmons and Xavier Stanley were childhood sweethearts, but a devastating fire led Xavier to mistakenly believe that Fiona had intentionally refused to save him. Haunted by this grudge, He carried resentment toward her love throughout their three-year marriage.Deliberately picking fights, Xavier filed for divorce 100 times,and each time, Fiona swallowed her pride, pleading for forgiveness with undignified devotion. When Xavier filed for the 101st time and they walked out of the civil affairs office, his friends tripped Fiona and mocked her openly. Xavier watched coldly, ignored her injured knee, and left with his friend to attend a welcome party for Jenny Simmons. Heartbroken at last, Fiona decided to let go of their love forever and accepted a mysterious stranger's offer. Counterattack More I'm the Mafia Girl Boss and He's My Man When deliveryman Ken accidentally saves mafia boss Elle, she falls for him instantly and begins a relentless pursuit. Caught in schemes by his fiancée Susan’s family, Ken faces chaos—including a wedding hijacked by Elle. Later, a plot causes Ken to lose his memory, and with further schemes from the Capone family, he and Elle must overcome danger and conspiracies to reclaim their love and happiness. [ENG DUB] The Day She Left, Stocks Fell Yara, hailed as a business genius, repays her fiancé Charles's life-saving act by helping him build a company from scratch and granting him ten chances to make mistakes. Thanks to her drive, his firm quickly takes root in the capital but still can't go public, so Yara travels overseas to open new markets. Three years later,she comes back exhausted to a changed Charles, now harsh and,influenced by his cousin Sophia, constantly hurting her. When he exhausts all ten chances,Yara ends the engagement, and that very day Charles's company falls into crisis. [ENG DUB] Dragon Group's Boss Goes to School Mike, the CEO of Dragon Group, transmigrated as a high school student, Felix. After being framed by his mean foster brother,Tim,and mistreated by his parents, Felix cut ties with the Yates Family. His former subordinates found him, and learned about his new identity. But Felix decided to study hard and get into college. At school, Felix showed his power and taught the school bully, Jason, a lesson. With the back-up of Dragon Group,Jason's parents asked Felix to pay the price.Meanwhile,Mike's subordinates came right at the time… [ENG DUB] Impersonating Justice: The Twin Who Walked Again Jeffrey Jameson was killed by his wife, Janice Davis, and his cousin,Zack Jameson. Gerald Jameson, who faked his death ten years ago, was Jeffrey’s twin brother. After finding out about Jeffrey’s death, Gerald decided to impersonate Jeffrey. All he wanted was to get the evidence against the murderers, avenge his family’s death,and get back the company that was founded by his parents. Divorced Mom Beats Them All For seven years, Clara lived in the perfect romance her husband, Dean, had crafted just for her—until the day her hospitalized daughter led her to Dean’s biggest lie. Clara catches him with his mistress. Dean—who had already tricked her into giving him her entire fortune—tears off his gentle mask and forces her to sign a divorce that leaves her with nothing, or he’ll take their daughter from her. Shattered, deceived, and stripped of everything, Clara finally wakes up. This time, she will take back her empire—and make Dean pay for every second of betrayal. Bow or Burn: No Mercy, No Escape Mafia boss Rhea Calder transmigrates into a girl betrayed by those she loved, imprisoned for her adopted sister. Now free, she smiles as she takes precise, ruthless revenge. Her bodyguard, Dominic Reed, a cold-blooded tycoon, submits only to her. Every enemy who wronged her will fall, inch by inch, into her carefully woven web of vengeance. Cutie More Having His Baby Becoming His Darling Romance Escaping from a pervert trying to buy her virginity, Julia kisses a stranger—Stephen, a billionaire who’s allergic to women. Years after their one-night stand, Julia returns with his child. But what she doesn’t know is that Stephen has been searching for them all along: the only woman he isn’t allergic to...and his child. From Royalty to CEO's Christmas Princess When Princess Gwen Windsor finds herself reborn as Daisy Dumont, the brilliant but abandoned 13 year old daughter of the Dumont family, she decides to take her fate in her own hands. Not only does she transform her washed-up, amnesiac father, now a reckless playboy, to reclaim his rightful place atop a ruthless family empire, she must also outmaneuver vicious relatives, gain the trust of her stoic grandfather, and prove that she is worthy of the crown she once wore. Big Bad Daddy You Are Busted Once a feared underworld lord, Eddie chose a quiet life. Four years later, she returns—Nora Olson, a stunning CEO, holding a child—and shatters his calm world: ‘She’s yours. Marry me, and be her father.’ A flash marriage. Family betrayal. Corporate war. And just when she needs saving most, the richest man alive calls her new husband… son! Playground Rules Don't Apply to Princesses Romance On her coming-of-age day, Leah Judd, Crown Princess of Valia, awakens in the body of an eight-year-old in the modern world—the real daughter who was switched at birth.Neglected while the fake daughter stole all love, she starved to death. Furious, Leah smiles coldly. If her father is unloving, she'll find another—one scorned as useless. After all, she's a princess. Turning a wastrel into a legend? Child's play. A Billionaire Stay-at-home Dad's Two Treasures Grayson's rescue of a little girl from a car crash brought him into the lives of the twins. EMMA and her brother, Lucas, immediately played matchmakers for Grayson and their mother, Hailey. Although Grayson didn't know the kids were his, he willingly settled in as their full-time dad. Meanwhile, Hailey was completely unaware that Grayson was both the man from her old one-night stand and a billionaire. A Blind Date with my Mr. Meant-to-Be Romance Jessica, a struggling single mother who loses her daughter, Lola, to child services. ​ Years later, she unknowingly marries billionaire James Parker, Zoe's adoptive father. As secrets unravel, Jessica discovers Zoe is her long-lost daughter. Together, they overcome betrayal, threats, and heartbreak to reunite as a loving family. ENG Dubbed Dramas More [ENG DUB] Watch Me Flip This Fate [ENG DUB] Betrayal Beneath the Military Moon [ENG DUB] Sisters Against the World's Judgment Romance [ENG DUB] Unexpected Gift from My Boss Romance [ENG DUB] Toward the Arms That Wait [ENG DUB] Invincible Bodyguard Popular Now More She Brought Her Sister Home Natalia Smith, a powerful businesswoman, had a very spoiled Molly Smith who kept causing trouble. One day, however, she learned Molly wasn't her real sister! Turned out someone switched Molly and Yolanda, Natalia's real sister, after they were born. In the past 18 years, Molly had lived a luxury life like a princess while Yolanda was abused by her foster parents all the time. Now, the truth revealed and Yolanda was back. Would the evil Molly just give up and leave? How would Natalia react to Yolanda's return? The Mist Between Our Graves On her birthday, Elena Swift accidentally found out that her husband was not crippled, but actually from a wealthy family, and he was welcoming another girl back to the country. The explanation he gave Elana was that he wanted to test if she was a gold-digger. While Ethan was waiting for Elena to come back, she was already planning to divorce him. Meanwhile, Clarence Fowler, the richest man in the country, requested her to marry him, because she happened to be able to ease his pain from touch starvation. Pregnant by the Heartless Lycan King Bella Miller, a broke college girl, never expected one night with the cursed Lycan King to leave her pregnant. Worse, she's a human. Humans die carrying a werewolf heir, yet saving her means he must give up his own life. The Wedding That Will Never Be Eve, the nation’s top doctor, saved Dante from a gunshot five years ago, but the severity of her injuries left her infertile. Then Lilith pretended to be the one who saved Dante to try and steal him from Eve. She even faked having cancer so she could artificially inseminate herself with Dante’s child.  The night before her wedding to Dante, Eve discovered that Lilith was pregnant. Despite Lilith’s lies, Dante sided with her over Eve. Heartbroken, Eve left for Italy to pursue her career in medicine. Only once she was gone did Dante realize Eve was the one who actually saved him. Now, he’ll do anything to win her back and won’t take “no” for an answer. Back to 18: I'll Tear Your Mask Off In my previous life, the maid's daughter had swiped my spare card until everyone believed she was the real heiress. When she planted cheat notes on me, no one believed the heiress they adored was a fraud. Father spent his last favors hunting for the truth, only to be reported by her for bribery. The company's stock nosedived, the firm collapsed, and I ended up on the streets, my face slashed by debt collectors until I died in disgrace. Then I woke up in River High, with a second chance to take it all back. The Daughter Who Built a King After sacrificing herself as a shaman saintess during the war, Indy Baker transmigrates into the body of the Baker family’s true heiress.She recognizes her playboy uncle Finn Baker as the spitting image of her beloved mentor from her past life and publicly claims him as her father, vowing to help him win the inheritance. When Ethan Baker and his family repeatedly scheme against them, Indy uses her shamanic powers to resolve crises while transforming Finn and gaining support from the business world. As the family patriarch shows favoritism and Ethan’s crimes escalate, Indy teams up with the boss of Doyle Group to establish Indigo Group, striking back and exposing evidence of Ethan’s attempt to murder the old man—bringing him to justice. The two companies eventually merge, expanding into folk culture and military industries. On the anniversary of the war’s victory, she witnesses the nation’s prosperity and Finn’s transformation, honoring her past life: “Dawn has broken. We’ve all won.” Best Chinese Drama, Drama China & Short Drama Online Free – GoodShort Welcome to GoodShort, your premier destination for captivating Chinese dramas, drama China, short drama and movies online free. We offer a wide range of high-quality productions across genres and themes, from romance to realism, carefully curated to suit every taste. Immerse yourself in short dramas, movies and short films anytime, and enjoy an unforgettable drama experience at your fingertips. About User Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us Business Help & Suggestion More Resources Short Drama Tags Resources Hot Searches Subscriptions Manage Subscription Download the App @GoodShort, All Rights Reseved NewReading PTE.LTD Scan code to watch on App