GOOD | Inspiring Hope Through Storytelling, Community Building, Innovation, and More. Skip to content Search & Section Navigation GOOD: Inspiring Hope Through Storytelling, Community Building, Innovation, and More. Open Search Sign Me Up Site Navigation News Culture Heroes Money Health History More Science Politics Ideas Design Environment Video close Search Search Latest Stories Close Start your day right! Get latest updates and insights delivered to your inbox. Close Search & Section Navigation News Culture Heroes Money Health History More Science Politics Ideas Design Environment Video About Us Editorial MastHead Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Us: We have a small favor to ask of you Facebook is critical to our success and we could use your help. It will only take a few clicks on your device. But it
  would mean the world to us. Here’s the link . Once there, hit the Follow button. Hit the Follow button again and choose Favorites. That’s it! When you're anxious, it's easier to get excited than to come down to Earth. Photo credit: Canva Featured Former monk explains how to transform your debilitating anxiety into a performance enhancer Erik Barnes Dec 26, 2025 Science NASA scientists discover a strange, lemon-shaped planet 'nobody has seen before' Mark Wales Dec 23, 2025 Money People now say that secondhand gifts are classier than those that are brand new Erik Barnes Dec 17, 2025 Health Doctor shares 'realistic' 3-step practice to beat seasonal depression Erik Barnes Dec 11, 2025 Sign Up for The Daily GOOD! Get our free newsletter delivered to your inbox Latest A man sleeping in bed; a young toddler Canva Past Events A toddler walked into his parents' bedroom at 4:30 a.m. and saved their lives with two words Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff Dec 30, 2025 Mushrooms containing psilocybin and a woman enjoys a sunset. Photo credit: Canva Health New study finds psilocybin could be a breakthrough in reducing depression in cancer patients Mark Wales Dec 30, 2025 A couple poses on vacation. Photo credit: Canva Culture New study shows that like attracts like, especially when it comes to mental health Mark Wales Dec 30, 2025 More From GOOD Woman blindfolds a man and an hand feels a wheat field. Photo credit Canva Science Remote touch sounds impossible, but we can, in fact, sense objects without physical contact Mark Wales Dec 26, 2025 Health Instead of 'to-do' lists, these successful people leverage 'done' lists to be more productive “Progress is one of the fastest ways to reduce stress and stay motivated." Erik Barnes 25 Dec, 2025 Culture 'SNL' fans rediscover 1991 'Home Alone' parody with Macaulay Culkin and a table-smashing Chris Farley "Why do I get treated like scum?" "You’re a host." Ryan  Reed 25 Dec, 2025 Past Events He stopped to pick up some trash by the road. Inside was a parent's worst nightmare. He thought he was just cleaning up some roadside litter, but what he found inside turned his simple act of kindness into a mission. Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff 24 Dec, 2025 Health Business coach shares how tiny everyday 'micro-decisions' can build your self-confidence Small steps that lead to big changes. Erik Barnes 24 Dec, 2025 Culture A woman looks at her cell phone Canva Past Events She added 'sad violin' music to her cheating ex's apology, and the result is a masterpiece Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff Dec 22, 2025 A woman waves from a train Canva Past Events Couple's waving routine when husband gets off work is just incredibly adorable Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff Dec 22, 2025 A man weeps tears of joy on camera YouTube Past Events A news crew asked him to re-enact his lottery win. He accidentally won $250,000 on camera. Adam Albright Hanna Dec 19, 2025 Heroes (L) A pitbull on a leash; (R) Paramedics look after an injured woman Canva Past Events Pit bulls saves unconscious couple after flagging down a stranger Ryan  Reed GOOD Staff Nov 26, 2025 Jordan speaking at a ribbon cutting ceremony for one of the earlier Novant Health clinics in 2019. Photo credit: Novant Health Past Events NBA legend Michael Jordan opens up fourth North Carolina health clinic for the uninsured Erik Barnes GOOD Staff Oct 21, 2025 Pizza will find a way. commons.wikimedia.org Past Events Employee scolded for buying homeless man a pizza, customer came up with an idea to help Zoheb Alam GOOD Staff Aug 23, 2025 Money A rideshare driver is pointing out that Uber is treating both drivers and riders unfairly. Photo credit: Canva Money Man breaks down how much he makes from Uber, enraging both drivers and passengers Erik Barnes Nov 25, 2025 No more new pennies. Photo credit: Canva Money After over 230 years, we say goodbye to the penny. Here’s how much it cost to make one. Erik Barnes Nov 14, 2025 How much of this juice is "made with real fruit" anyway? Photo credit: Canva Money Experts and consumers reveal 11 marketing terms and phrases that mean absolutely nothing Erik Barnes Nov 12, 2025 Tax pros share 5 weird things they've seen people try to write off. Photo credit: Canva , Dean Drobot (left, cropped) / Minerva Studio (right, cropped) Money Tax pros share the 5 'craziest,' 'dumbest' things they've seen people try to write off Ryan  Reed Oct 21, 2025 Your tipping generosity might be related to your generation. Photo credit: Canva , pixelshot (left, cropped) / Garakta Studio from Garakta Studio (middle, cropped) / Imágenes de gabriel paz (right, cropped) Money Are you a good tipper? Turns out your generation might have something to do with it. Ryan  Reed Oct 14, 2025 Young people are confused by these frugal habits of older people. Photo credit: Canva , Helgy (left, cropped) / Dean Drobot (right, cropped) Money 4 frugal habits of older generations that younger people find weird or obsolete Ryan  Reed Oct 09, 2025 It doesn't have to be expensive to provide your family tasty, nutritious food. Photo credit: Canva Money 6 frugal meals for families that feel like you’re eating like a king Erik Barnes Sep 29, 2025 There are some states where you can live entirely off of Social Security benefits. Photo credit: Canva Money A surprising new map shows the 10 states where people can live entirely on their Social Security Erik Barnes Sep 26, 2025 There are websites that can help lower some monthly expenses. Photo credit: Canva Money Consumers share 6 little known websites that offer valuable, money-saving services for free Erik Barnes Sep 05, 2025 Load More Woman meditating with intrusive thoughts. Photo credit Canva Life hacks The 'name your brain' neuroscience hack can stop negative thoughts and ruminating Mark Wales Dec 22, 2025 Swearing could give you the boost you need. Photo credit: Canva Science Study reveals cursing to be the perfect low-calorie, no-cost performance enhancer Erik Barnes Dec 22, 2025 She landed a job with help from a "meme" application. Photo credit: Canva , Jupiterimages from Photo Images (left, cropped) / thecorgi (right, cropped) Work & Money One woman's 'meme' application helped her land a gig after two years of job hunting Ryan  Reed Dec 19, 2025 A doctor holds a roll of toilet paper Canva Past Events 17 everyday things we do now that the future will find utterly bizarre Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff Dec 19, 2025 Cockroaches might turn from pests to heroes. Photo credit: SWARM Biotactics Press Release Science German start-up creates unlikely search-and-rescue workers: cockroaches with tiny backpacks Erik Barnes Dec 19, 2025 Sci-fi movie couple. Photo credit: Canva Science & Tech People rank the top 8 moments from 2025 that prove we just lived through a sci-fi movie Mark Wales Dec 19, 2025 A man sitting on the sidewalk is being handed a bowl of food Canva Past Events Boy gave his last dollar to a millionaire he mistook for a homeless man. Then the millionaire rewarded him. Adam Albright Hanna GOOD Staff Dec 18, 2025 People thought they had to do these things until someone showed them otherwise. Photo credit: Canva , pocstock (main image, cropped) / anlomaja (box) Culture 7 things people thought they were forced to do in life until someone showed them otherwise Ryan  Reed Dec 17, 2025 Trump may have changed America's relationship with marijuana. Photo credit: Shealeah Craighead via Wikimedia Commons / Canva Politics President Trump 'reclassifying' marijuana could entirely change America's relationship with cannabis Erik Barnes Dec 17, 2025 Load More About Us Editorial MastHead Privacy Policy Contact Us Check out our sister site Upworthy! © Copyright 2025