Google Fiber | Gigabit Fiber Optic Internet Skip to main content Fiber Cities Products Business Contact us Check availability Sign In Fast is just the beginning Resilient internet – for whatever life brings With new products tailored to you The Internet we all want — at a price that doesn’t change Check availability The most awarded internet. Now reinvented. Breaking barriers in speed and service for over a decade, GFiber takes internet to a whole new level. 1 Gig $70/month Effortless, premium level gigabit internet. Our original internet, the same price since 2012. Upload (send) and download (receive) up to 1 gigabit per second GFiber Wi-Fi 6E Router with up to one extender as needed for wall-to-wall Wi-Fi (or connect your own) Up to near Gig speed even over wireless Self setup with our App or free pro install with performance verification 3 Gig $100/month The perfect fit when everyone's working, learning, and playing from home. Upload (send) and download (receive) up to 3 gigabits per second GFiber Wi-Fi 6E Router with up to two extenders as needed (or connect your own) Up to 5,000 sq ft of coverage and Gig+ speed even over wireless Free pro install with custom setup and performance verification Optimized networking of home office, gaming station or other two priority rooms Optional add-on: Internet battery backup in case of power loss Home Phone 8 Gig $150/month Radical, future-ready & always-on. Specially engineered for creators and game changers. Upload and download up to 8 gigabits per second GFiber Multi-Gig Wi-Fi 6E Router with 4 multi-gig LAN ports and up to 2 extenders as needed (or connect your own) Up to 5,000 sq ft of coverage and multi-gig speed on multiple devices, even over wireless Free pro install with custom setup and performance verification Optimized networking of home office, gaming station or other two priority rooms Internet Battery Backup in case of power loss 99.9%+ uptime or your money back ( What this means ) Optional add-on: Home Phone Show details Check availability How do you internet? Take our quiz to find out which GFiber product is right for you. Take the quiz Resilient internet — whatever life brings. Performance where you need it most. Peace of mind for things outside your control. Because life happens. Priority Room Optimization Maximize your internet in the places it matters the most, with a personalized in-home network setup from a GFiber professional. Included with : Internet Battery Backup Power outage? No worries. Stay connected for up to 2 hours with enough juice to continue working and keep your home online. Offered with : Included with : Uptime Guarantee Reliability we stand behind. Get a 25% refund on your month’s bill if your internet’s down for more than 45 minutes. See terms for specifics. Included with : Learn more about these features Incredibly honored. Previous 2X WINNER “Best Fiber Internet Of 2025” Forbes Home 3x winner “#1 for Home Wired Internet Satisfaction in the South Region” J.D. Power 2023, 2024, and 2025 “The best value you’ll find from any major ISP.” CNET 2024 4x Winner “Readers’ Choice Best ISP” PCMag Multi-year winner “Best Overall Internet Provider in the US for 2024” HighSpeedInternet.com “Rated fastest ISP in the US” U.S.News 2X WINNER “Best Fiber Internet Of 2025” Forbes Home 3x winner “#1 for Home Wired Internet Satisfaction in the South Region” J.D. Power 2023, 2024, and 2025 “The best value you’ll find from any major ISP.” CNET 2024 4x Winner “Readers’ Choice Best ISP” PCMag Multi-year winner “Best Overall Internet Provider in the US for 2024” HighSpeedInternet.com “Rated fastest ISP in the US” U.S.News 2X WINNER “Best Fiber Internet Of 2025” Forbes Home Next J.D.Power CNET PCMag HighSpeedInternet U.S.News Forbes Deeply flattered Robert Pease @PLSnoL “We had google fiber drop into our neighborhood and it was close to what I imagine seeing the Renaissance start was like.” LIQUID | Valteria @Valteria_KC “I've had Google Fiber internet for like 7 years and the price has always been 70 bucks a month. Hasn't changed one time. It's the most reliable internet I've ever had. Truly spoiled.” Nick @N1CKRICH “First game of League Play coming up. Probably not losing considering I have google fiber” We’re growing. Every. Single. Day. GFiber metro Coming soon GFiber is bringing fast, reliable internet to more and more homes and new cities all the time.  See when you’re one of them. Click on a state to view the detailed service areas we offer. Alabama Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Idaho Illinois Iowa Kansas Missouri Nebraska Nevada North Carolina South Carolina Tennessee Texas Utah Washington Check if your address is eligible. ​ Check availability Check availability Follow us Español Check availability Residential service Small business Property managers Google Fiber cities City officials Learn More Internet Wi-Fi tech Streaming TV GFiber Phone Gaming Work from home Distance learning Broadband Labels Support Contact us FAQ Help Center Privacy & Terms Speed Test Manage cookies About Us Blog Careers Community Impact Belonging About GFiber GFiber Labs Check availability Residential service Small business Property managers Google Fiber cities City officials Learn More Internet Wi-Fi tech Streaming TV GFiber Phone Gaming Work from home Distance learning Broadband Labels Support Contact us FAQ Help Center Privacy & Terms Speed Test Manage cookies About Us Blog Careers Community Impact Belonging About GFiber GFiber Labs All prices are plus taxes and local access fee , which goes back to your community. Your router and other equipment is included in your monthly price. Feature eligibility and equipment may vary by address and plan. If canceling service altogether, you may have to pay a replacement fee if you don’t return GFiber equipment within 60 days after cancelation. Upload/download speed claims based on maximum wired speeds. Actual internet, Wi-Fi speeds, and Wi-Fi coverage are not guaranteed and can vary based on factors such as home or business size and layout, construction materials, hardware and software limitations, latency, packet loss, etc. See what affects internet speeds . Want to know more about our awards directly from the horses’ mouths?  For details on J.D. Power, visit jdpower.com/business/awards . For other featured awards, visit PCMag Readers Choice , PCMag Best Gaming , PCMag Best Overall ISP, HighSpeedInternet.com , CNET, Forbes Home and US News. Ookla claims based on analysis by Google Fiber of Ookla® Speedtest Intelligence® data. Individual speeds vary. CNET and Ookla are trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC. Used under license. Reprinted with permission. © 2024 Ziff Davis, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All testimonials are actual Google Fiber customers, with those appearing in ads compensated for their participation in our advertising. © 2025 Google Fiber Inc. | 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043