Skip to main content

opensource.google uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Events
Projects
Programs and services
More
/
Sign in
Google Open Source

We bring all the value of open source to Google and all the resources of Google to open source.

Learn more
Everyone benefits

Google believes open source solves real-world problems for everyone. Google's Open Source Programs Office supports open source innovation, collaboration, and sustainability through our programs and services.

Use
Open source is at the core of the products we build.
Release
We continue to release code under open source licenses for all to use.
Support
We foster inclusive environments to support healthy ecosystems.
Google Open Source programs

Google Open Source programs support open source projects through enabling new contributors, building mentorship, and supporting documentation.

Google Summer of Code
Google Summer of Code is a global, online program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development. GSoC Contributors work with an open source organization on a 12+ week programming project under the guidance of mentors.

See program timeline
View all programs
Projects

At Google, we use open source to innovate and we release open source to share our innovations. We encourage you to browse through our featured projects to find work to use, share, and build on!

Chromium

Chromium is the web browser that Google Chrome is built on. It is meant to feel lightweight (cognitively and physically) and fast. When released, it brought a sandbox security model, minimalist user interface, and tabbed window manager that many other browsers have since adopted.

WebJavaObjective-CC++
View Project
Android

Android is an operating system and software stack created for an array of devices with different form factors, including phones, tablets, wearables, TVs, automobiles, and connected devices. The primary purposes of Android are to create an open platform available for carriers, OEMs, and developers to make their ideas a reality and to provide a successful, real-world product that improves the mobile experience for users.

MobileJavaC
View Project
Kubernetes

Kubernetes is a cluster management system for managing containerized applications across multiple hosts, providing mechanisms for deployment, maintenance, and scaling of applications. It groups containers that make up an application into logical units for easy management and discovery.

ContainersCloud
View Project
TensorFlow

TensorFlow is an end-to-end open source platform for machine learning. It has a comprehensive, flexible ecosystem of tools, libraries, and community resources that lets researchers push the state-of-the-art in ML, and gives developers the ability to easily build and deploy ML-powered applications.

C++PythonJavaJavaScript
View Project
View all projects
Featured blogs

On the Google Open Source blog, you'll find exciting news about Google releases, projects, and program updates, as well as guest posts from our project partners and program participants.

How JAX makes high-performance economics accessible

John Stachurski, QuantEcon &amp; Srikanth Kilaru, Google ML Frameworks JAX is widely recognized for its power in training large-scale AI models, but its core design as a system for composable function transformations unlocks its potential in a much

Read more
Unleashing autonomous AI agents: Why Kubernetes needs a new standard for agent execution

Joan Kallogjeri &amp; Tomer Glottmann, GCP Google Kubernetes Engine The arrival of autonomous AI Agents capable of reasoning, planning, and executing actions by generating their own code and interacting with the runtime environment marks a paradigm

Read more
Announcing Magika 1.0: now faster, smarter, and rebuilt in Rust

Elie Bursztein, Julien Cretin, and Yanick Fratantonio, Applied Cybersecurity Research Early last year, we open sourced Magika, Google's AI-powered file type detection system. Magika has seen great adoption by open source communities since that alpha

Read more
This Week in Open Source #11

A look around the world of open source by Daryl Ducharme &amp; amanda casari, Google Open Source Happy Halloween. Here is your treat in the form of news and events from the world of open source. What spooky open source events and news are you being

Read more
View all blogs
YouTube
X
LinkedIn
Terms
Privacy
Manage cookies