Gothamist: New York City Local News, Food, Arts & Events Gothamist A non-profit newsroom, powered by WNYC. Gothamist Listen Live Donate Transit Culture Health and Science Politics Podcast Newsletters Featured Articles News Mamdani wants to change the tax code. Here’s what that could look like. The incoming mayor has proposed increasing taxes on large companies and on New Yorkers earning over $1 million. By Joe Hong News Mamdani wants to change the tax code. Here’s what that could look like. The incoming mayor has proposed increasing taxes on large companies and on New Yorkers earning over $1 million. By Joe Hong News NYC Mayor Adams plans to attend incoming Mayor Mamdani's inauguration “He made it clear that he would like for me to attend, and I would like to be there,” Adams told WABC. By Ryan Kost Published Dec 31, 2025 at 8:36 a.m. ET Latest Developers face deadline to drop lawsuit over Elizabeth Street Garden By Joe Hong 15-year-old boy shot in head at Crown Heights NYCHA complex By Ryan Kost NYC had steep drop in gun violence in 2025, with fewer shootings than smaller US cities By Brittany Kriegstein Kamar Samuels tapped by Mamdani to lead NYC’s public schools, sources say By Jessica Gould Never miss a story Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up Email address By submitting your information, you're agreeing to receive communications from New York Public Radio in accordance with our Terms . Editor's Picks NYC plans new security measures at Times Square New Year’s Eve celebration While officials say there are no credible threats to the event, they’re instituting additional screening for revelers this year. By Catalina Gonella Published Dec 30, 2025 Minimum wage is going up in NYC, NJ in 2026. Is a bigger boost ahead? The new rates under current legislation take effect Jan. 1. By Ryan Kost News Minimum wage is going up in NYC, NJ in 2026. Is a bigger boost ahead? The new rates under current legislation take effect Jan. 1. By Ryan Kost The Upper East Siders who can’t wait to meet Zohran Mamdani By Elizabeth Kim Ex-NYPD executives promoted unqualified officers to federal-local task forces, lawsuit claims By Ben Feuerherd Looking back on New York City's biggest viral trends of 2025 By Emily Nadal WNYC Presents We cover stories that make New York work for New Yorkers. Browse Manhattan Brooklyn The Bronx Staten Island Queens New Jersey ♥ Support our local coverage LATEST News Federal judge OKs sharing NY immigrants' Medicaid data with ICE The ruling, which largely sided with the White House, came in a California case. By Arya Sundaram News NYC plans new security measures at Times Square New Year’s Eve celebration While officials say there are no credible threats to the event, they’re instituting additional screening for revelers this year. By Catalina Gonella News Ex-NYPD executives promoted unqualified officers to federal-local task forces, lawsuit claims A former NYPD captain said he faced retaliation after warning that the department’s vetting process could not be trusted. By Ben Feuerherd News Minimum wage is going up in NYC, NJ in 2026. Is a bigger boost ahead? The new rates under current legislation take effect Jan. 1. By Ryan Kost News The Upper East Siders who can’t wait to meet Zohran Mamdani While the Upper East Side is thought of as one of the city’s wealthiest neighborhoods, there are still plenty of residents who embrace the democratic socialist. By Elizabeth Kim News Looking back on New York City's biggest viral trends of 2025 From Labubus to Dubai chocolate, New Yorkers embraced all of the year's hottest trends. By Emily Nadal News Man, 26, slashes and injures other man at Brooklyn subway station, NYPD says The alleged assailant was arrested and charged with assault. By Catalina Gonella News Asian population in Manhattan’s Chinatown plummeted amid affordability crisis Rent rose twice as fast as income in the Manhattan neighborhood, according to a report by the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund. By Joe Hong News Queens mother charged with murdering her toddler after he's found unconscious at home Police say they found the 15-month-old boy unresponsive with the 28-year-old woman in Jamaica. By Andrew Giambrone and Charles Lane News Could NJ get a new nuclear power plant? It might take a while. Lawmakers are considering a bill that would result in ratepayers subsidizing construction, and could raise electricity bills by more than $50 a month. By Mike Hayes Load More Advertising Contact Us Our Team RSS Feed Diversity (DEI) Careers Gothamist Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio. Advertising Contact Us Our Team RSS Feed Diversity (DEI) Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility ©2025 New York Public Radio. All rights reserved.