Contact Sales
Support
Join
Host
Sign In
Products
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Company
Explore Products
Features
Add Ons
Resources
Pricing
Buy now
Get a Demo
1 (833) 851 8340
Countdown to Savings: 20% Off GoTo Webinar Ends Dec 31.
Save now!
WEBINAR PLATFORM
Hassle-free webinar software
From marketing keynotes, employee trainings to campus-wide events, GoTo Webinar's all-in-one webinar platform expands your reach, elevates events, and unlocks unlimited potential.
Compare Plans
Try Free
Category-leading
Safety & Security
Award-winning
Customer Support
Easy Integration
With Your Tools
Powering over 2.8 million global events for professionals every year.
With AI-powered tools, interactive features, insightful analytics, powerful integrations, and flexible pricing, our intuitive webinar platform has everything you need to host virtual conferences of all sizes.
Successful webinars start here

Whether you're hosting employee trainings, student lectures, or global conferences, GoTo Webinar is the trusted all-in-one platform that connects you with your audience.

All-in one webinar platform
Host professional webinars from start to finish on one easy-to-use platform, with quick setup, an intuitive dashboard, and a full suite of powerful tools. We handle the tech, so you can focus on delivering an impact.
Your complete engagement toolkit
Engage your audience with interactive polls, live Q&A, and breakout rooms, then use powerful analytics to uncover key insights. All while integrating with your existing tools for a complete 360° customer view.
Secure. Reliable. Scalable.
Secure, reliable, and built to scale. From town halls to global events, scale with confidence, knowing every session is protected by enterprise-grade security, data privacy and reliability you can trust.
Simplify your events, amplify your reach
Run easy and powerful online events with GoTo Webinar, the all-in-one webinar platform trusted by professionals.
Before the webinar
During the webinar
After the webinar
Launch with confidence

Build professional, branded events that maximize attendance and drive registrations.

Schedule your webinar in an intuitive dashboard and rehearse before you go live with Practice Mode.
Create custom branded registration pages and forms that capture valuable lead data.
Automate your workflow with customizable email invitations, confirmations, and reminders to maximize attendance.
Securely accept payments for paid events and certifications.
Integrate with CRM and Marketing tools to sync registrant data and track the entire customer journey.
Pre-record content and prepare interactive elements like polls and Q&A to create engaging Simulive events.
Built to connect with your favorite tools
View All Integrations
Connect with the apps you use every day, so you can manage your entire event easily in one webinar platform.
Interprefy
Hubspot
Marketo
Salesforce Pardot
Prezi
Intellum
See how the world uses GoTo Webinar
Education
Marketing
Internal Communications
GoTo Webinar for Education

All-in-one webinar software designed for schools and universities.

Reach every student: Engage any class size with recorded sessions for flexible, on-demand student learning. 
Autonomy for all staff: Equip all staff with licenses to manage classes. 
From collaboration to certification: Foster collaboration with Breakout Rooms and learning with certification courses. 
Track attendance and engagement: Easily track attendance and measure engagement with post-session reports. 
Accessible learning for all: Ensure accessible learning with closed captioning and screen reader support. 
Secure learning environment:  Protect every class with enterprise-grade security, secure logins, session encryption, and GDPR compliance.
Customers love GoTo Webinar
“The constantly evolving features and in-depth analytics that the platform provides, helped us educate over 30k advertisers in a year.”
Raina Guha
Marketing Manager, Amazon Ads
Read the Case Study
FAQs
Show All
Hide All
How does GoTo Webinar work?
How do I schedule a webinar?
How many people can attend a live webinar? 
Do my attendees need to download any software to join? 
Can I create custom registration forms and landing pages?
Can I practice my webinar before the live event?
What are the differences between the plans (Reach, Elevate, Unlimited)?
What is “Simulive,” and which plans offer it?
Does GoTo Webinar integrate with other tools like Salesforce or Hubspot?
Ready to see GoTo Webinar in action?
See what our hassle-free webinar platform can do for your business.
Try Free
Compare Plans
RELATED LINKS :
Web Conferencing & Online Meeting Software
Live Webcasting
How to create and host a webinar
Next-level webinar features
Simplify your event journey with a single platform
Take your virtual event to the next level
COMPANY
About Us
Legal
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
WE'RE HIRING
Contact Us
Trust & Security
News
Practically Tomorrow Podcast
RESOURCES
Webinar Hub
Resource Center
Integrations
Become a Partner
Download Center
Glossary
Support
Blog
PRODUCTS
GoTo Connect
GoTo Connect CX
GoTo Contact Center
GoTo Meeting
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Training
Remote Access & Support
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Resolve
GoToMyPC
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Miradore
FOLLOW & SHARE GOTO:

© 2025 GoTo | All Rights Reserved

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy
Imprint
Trademark
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Sitemap
Sign up to our newsletter

English

Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site
This website uses cookies and other technologies to function, personalize your experience, analyze how users engage with us, and tailor advertising to you. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy. Clicking the "x" to close this banner or interacting with our website without interacting with this banner will accept all cookies and other tracking technologies.
Manage Settings
Accept All
Reject Optional
Powered by: