Support
Partners
Sign In
Products
Solutions
Resources
Company
MSPs
Contact Sales
Pricing
Features
Resources
Start for Free
See what's new with LogMeIn Resolve! Learn how our latest product updates can revolutionize your IT Support. Learn More
LOGMEIN RESOLVE
Unified Management. Simplified IT.
Support, secure, and manage endpoints proactively with a unified intelligent platform to deliver speed and simplicity to every IT challenge.
Start for Free
See Plans and Pricing
Award-winning
Customer Support
Category-leading
IT Solution
Easy Integration
with Your Tools
All-in-one IT management software, made simple

Stay on top of your IT needs with a single UEM solution that brings together remote monitoring and management, remote access and support, ticketing, automation, and more.

Mobile Device Management
Securely manage company devices with UEM software on a simple, scalable platform. Ensure endpoint compliance, data security, and device optimization—wherever work happens.
Explore MDM Solutions >
Remote Monitoring and Management
Proactively manage devices with tools like patch management, alerting, antivirus, and remote execution. Stay ahead of issues, optimize performance, and ensure uptime—all in one centralized console.
Explore RMM Solutions >
Unattended Remote Access
Deliver more flexible IT support by resolving issues even when users are offline and performing routine updates seamlessly. Implement solutions with ease, whether individually or at scale, across all Windows, Mac, and Android devices.
Explore Unattended Access >
IT Asset Management
Easily track and manage your hardware and software assets. Gain visibility into inventory, license compliance, and usage while streamlining asset lifecycles for smarter IT decisions.
Explore ITAM Solutions >
Service Management
Optimize IT support with built-in tools like helpdesk, a knowledge base, and problem management. Organize tickets, improve workflows, and deliver great service while boosting productivity and customer satisfaction.
Learn More >
Artificial Intelligence
Enhance IT efficiency with AI-powered insights to proactively detect and resolve issues, optimize workflows, and boost productivity.
Learn More >
See All Features
Resolve for MSPs

Transform Your MSP Efficiency and Client Satisfaction

Drive tech efficiency through automation and AI solutions designed for IT pros.
Secure customers and safeguard them with Resolve’s zero trust architecture.
Delight your customers with proactive resolutions, easy-to-use remote support options, and more!
Learn More
Try Resolve for MSPs
Practical AI features
AI-powered Insights
Intelligent Automation
AI-powered Insights
Optimize IT operations with intelligent dashboards and reports designed for clarity and action.
Spot critical issues with AI-driven observations that helps you prioritize what matters most.
Generate scripts effortlessly with AI in PowerShell, Shell, JavaScript, or Python to simplify tasks like software updates.
Learn More
Customer Spotlight
Telecom Technicians, Inc.

See how Telecom Technicians, Inc. were able to simplify their tech stack, reduce IT spend, and make up for wasted time with LogMein Resolve.

Read the Business Case
Zylpha
See how LogMein Resolve enables Zylpha's operations team to provide reactive and proactive support, no matter where the user is located.
Read the Business Case >
RPGCC
Find out why RPGCC chose feature-rich LogMein Resolve to upgrade its IT service desk and improve the efficiency and scope of IT management.
Read the Business Case >
Alpha CC
Find out how Alpha CC has reduced helpdesk call times by 20% and anti-virus and disk management times by 50% thanks to the all-in-one IT support capabilities of LogMein Resolve.
Read the Business Case >
BPP
Discover how LogMein Resolve empowers BPP to uphold exceptional IT support standards amid surging enrollment, while streamlining onboarding for new staff.
Read the Business Case >
Learn More About LogMeIn Resolve
Practical AI for IT Agents: Data Insights

Watch our on-demand webinar to see how LogMeIn Resolve’s AI-powered reporting gives you instant answers in the format you want.

Watch the Webinar
LogMeIn + Acronis: UEM Solution

Discover how Resolve Data Protection Suite powered by Acronis eliminates siloed security through integrated backup and endpoint protection.

Read the Blog
The Pulse of Work in 2025: Practical AI

Read our eBook to uncover findings on the hype of AI versus the reality, AI practical use cases, the ROI of AI, and more!

Get the eBook
Frequently Asked Questions
Show All
Hide All

Is LogMeIn Resolve the same as GoTo Resolve?

What happened to GoToAssist?

Is LogMeIn Resolve a unified endpoint management (UEM) solution? 

How is the platform set up? Is it purely web-based? 

What is Zero Trust Security Architecture in LogMeIn Resolve? 

What are the administrative features in LogMeIn Resolve?

Will LogMeIn Resolve work with my existing tools and workflows?

What are the IT ticketing workflows in LogMeIn Resolve?

Not sure which product is right for you?
Try our 1-minute Product Selector to find out which one of our products fits your organization best.
Find Your Right Product
PRODUCTS
LogMeIn Resolve
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Miradore
GoToMyPC
GoTo Connect
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Meeting
Grasshopper
SOLUTIONS
RMM
Remote Access
Remote Support
Mobile Device Management
MSPs
IT Asset Management
Enterprise Remote Support
RESOURCES
Find Your Right Product
Resource Center
Downloads
Blog
Customer Stories
Webinars & Training
Analyst Reports
Glossary
COMPANY
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Leadership
Legal
Trust & Security
Careers
Contact Us
Affiliate Partners
Practically Tomorrow Podcast
SOCIAL HANDLES

© 2025 GoTo | All Rights Reserved

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy
Imprint
Trademark
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Sitemap

English