GO Transit | Regional Public Transit Service for the GTHA Skip Navigation Sign In Français Search site_logo Trip Planning Expand : Trip Planning Plan Trip GO to School Your Commute to GO Going to the Airport On the GO Alerts Schedules Where’s My Bus? System Map Travelling on GO Safety & Security Kids GO Free Boarding the GO Train Etiquette on Board Dogs Travelling on GO Wi-Fi (Wi-Fi + GO Wi-Fi Plus) Accessibility Tools Plan Your Trip See Schedules Buy E-tickets & Passes Find a Station or Stop Union Departures Fares & Promotions Expand : Fares & Promotions Ways to Pay Fare Information Paying with PRESTO Paying with Credit or Debit Ontario’s One Fare Partners & Promotions Niagara GO Train Service Youth Discount Post-Secondary Student Discount Student Savings Fare & Ticket Types Weekend Passes with GO Weekday Group Passes Buy E-Tickets & Passes Seniors Dealing with a Fine Subscribe to GO Transit Emails Tools Plan Your Trip See Schedules Buy E-tickets & Passes Find a Station or Stop Union Departures Stations & Parking Expand : Stations & Parking Find a Station or Stop Railways in Your Community Union Station Construction Notices Parking Carpool Parking Reserved Parking Reserved Bicycle Parking Changes at Service Counters Tools Plan Your Trip See Schedules Buy E-tickets & Passes Find a Station or Stop Union Departures About GO Expand : About GO About GO Our Past & Present Customer Charter Our Management Team Our Vehicles GO Bear Service Guarantee The Future & GO Contact Us Lost & Found Customer Comment Form Service Guarantee Form Follow Us Blog FAQ Tools Plan Your Trip See Schedules Buy E-tickets & Passes Find a Station or Stop Union Departures Service Updates Where Would You Like to GO? Plan Your Trip Tickets Schedules Passenger(s) : 1 Adult Select : Depart At Find Your Trip Options and Fares Dec 31, 2025 16:00 Search Search Trip options: View all Train Only Bus Only Accessible Trip Network Status Station Access Updates Loading… Check Bus Service Useful Links System Map Find a Station or Stop Union Departures Promotions and Partnerships Your Ticket to Ride GO Transit Sweepstakes Sign up on OLG.ca and play lottery for your chance to win 1 of 10 prizes — a year of FREE GO Transit rides worth $5,000 each*! December 8, 2025, to February 1, 2026 Sign up at OLG.ca/GO Terms & Conditions Learn More Experience the Roar of the Raptors with GO Transit! When the crowd roars and the sea of red unites under the bright lights of Scotiabank Arena, there’s nothing like the energy of a Toronto Raptors game. Learn More Earn a $50 PRESTO Voucher with Simplii Sign up for a no annual fee Simplii Financial Cash Back Visa Card and earn a $50 PRESTO Voucher. Plus, get up to 8% cash back! September 15, 2025 to April 26, 2026 Earn a $50 PRESTO Voucher when you open a new Simplii Financial Cash Back Visa Card. Plus, get up to 8% cash back!* Learn More Experience Leafs Nation with GO Transit! Nothing beats the roar of Leafs Nation at Scotiabank Arena, and GO Transit gets you there with no stress and all the hype! Learn More Take GO Transit to Niagara Falls Niagara Falls awaits — Let GO Transit take you there. Learn More Sign Up for On the GO Get customized alerts about GO services and special events when you need them. Learn More What's New December Service Adjustments Starting on December 20 and 21, service will be temporarily adjusted on Lakeshore West, Lakeshore East, the Kitchener line and some bus routes. Learn More Take GO Transit FREE on New Year’s Eve beginning at 19:00 We’ve added and adjusted some trips on Dec. 31 to help you travel safely throughout the night and early morning. Learn More Jan. 3: Service Adjustments Starting on Jan. 3, we’ll be adjusting bus service on multiple routes. Learn More January Customer Satisfaction Survey We want to hear from you! Take our January Customer Satisfaction Survey for your chance to win 1 of 5 $100 prizes for your PRESTO card. Take the Survey Unlimited weekend travel from just $10? Yes, please! Buy your $10 One-Day Weekend Pass online. Buy your weekend pass now! Land Acknowledgement Metrolinx acknowledges that we connect communities by building and operating transit within the traditional lands of the Anishinaabe, the Haudenosaunee and the Huron-Wendat peoples, for whom these lands continue to have great importance. Treaties between First Nations and governments cover these lands, and the promises contained in these Treaties remain relevant to this day. Metrolinx and its employees are committed to understanding the history of these lands and the continued impacts of colonization and take responsibility for actions to advance reconciliation. Metrolinx will continue to seek the knowledge, expertise and experience of Indigenous partners and commits to doing business in a manner that is built on a foundation of trust, respect, and collaboration. GO Transit About Us FAQ Service Guarantee Careers GO Transit About Us FAQ Service Guarantee Careers Partner with us Software Developers Customer Committees Business & Commercial Vendor Information Resources Partner with us Software Developers Customer Committees Business & Commercial Vendor Information Resources Shop The Metrolinx Shop Shop The Metrolinx Shop A division of Metrolinx, an agency of the Ontario Government , GO Transit is the regional public transit service for the Greater Golden Horseshoe . Terms & Conditions Privacy Contact Staff Portal Personal information is collected under the authority of the Metrolinx Act , 2006, and in accordance with FIPPA. Personal information you provide will be used, as requested, to respond to your enquiries, add you to an e-mail list that may send promotional messages, enhance and improve our services, or otherwise provide you with a personalized experience. 97 Front Street West, Toronto, ON M5J 1E6, Phone: 416-874-5900 Copyright © Metrolinx 2026