Cambridge Mobile Telematics - The world leader in telematics Platform Safe Driving Technology The DriveWell® Platform Products Insurance Public Sector Careers Join Our Team Diversity & Development Internships Company Who We Are Road Safety Advisory Board News Contact Making the world’s roads and drivers safer. Powering a new generation of safer mobility with sensor data and artificial intelligence. The next evolution of road safety is here. The first AI platform that helps road safety leaders predict risk, measure impact fast, and make roads safer. See Your Road Risk “Your app literally SAVED MY LIFE. THANK YOU.” At CMT, we measure progress by how many crashes we prevent. Our AI-powered telematics platform proactively identifies and lowers driving risk, leading to fewer crashes and injuries. To date, our technology has helped prevent over 100,000 crashes worldwide. Fewer Crashes, More Lives Saved Proven to improve driving safety. 0 % Reduced distracted driving 0 % Less hard braking 0 % Fewer injury claims Sensor Data. Artificial Intelligence. Remarkable Results. At the core of our platform is a powerful combination of sensor technology and artificial intelligence. DriveWell Fusion’s real-time analytics transform complex sensor data into meaningful, actionable safety insights. Sensor Data Fusing sensor data from diverse sources to create a unified, precise view of driving behavior. Artificial Intelligence Advanced AI models that identify driving risks, detect crashes, and deliver insights that improve safety. Global Scale, Local Impact Flexible regional solutions backed by global experience and proven insights. DriveWell Risk: Measure risk. Reward safety. DriveWell Risk uses sensor data and advanced AI to precisely measure how your customers drive and provides actionable feedback to help them improve. With these insights, you can confidently reward safer drivers with lower premiums, reduce crashes, and boost customer satisfaction. DriveWell Crash & Claims: Help for your customers when it matters most. DriveWell Crash immediately detects accidents and sends emergency help, protecting your customers when every second counts. DriveWell Claims streamlines the claims process, providing quicker resolutions, reduced stress, and an exceptional customer experience—getting drivers safely back on the road faster. DriveWell Engage: Safer driving starts here. DriveWell Engage motivates safer driving through personalized, real-time feedback and incentives, effectively reducing distracted driving by 20%, hard braking by 9%, and injury-related claims by 5.5%. This leads to measurable, lasting improvements in driver safety and reduced risk for mobility providers and communities alike. We Power the Largest Telematics Programs in the World Why Industry Leaders Choose CMT Consumer Choice. Privacy-first. CMT is a privacy-first telematics service provider based on consumer choice. Consumers actively choose to be in a CMT-powered program and can opt out at any time. CMT does not sell driving data to third parties. Learn more The State of US Road Risk The preview for CMT’s report The State of US Road Risk, 6th Edition reveals that distracted driving fell by 8.6% in 2024—the largest decline in five years. Despite a reduction in distracted driving, high-risk phone use is up. The report examines critical risk metrics like screen interaction, phone motion, speeding, and hard braking. CMT estimates this reduction helped prevent 105,000 crashes, 59,000 injuries, 480 fatalities, and nearly $4.2 billion in economic damages in 2024. Get the Preview Recognition & Awards Best Auto Digital Insurance Product #1 Mobile telematics service provider in the world Innovation & Emerging Tech Award Top Cutting Edge Property & Casualty Insurtech Best Places to Work in Boston Headquarters 314 Main Street, Suite 1200 Cambridge, MA 02142 Get In Touch Social Facebook Social Twitter Social LinkedIn Social Vimeo Solutions Insurance Gig Platforms Public Sector Resources News & Insights Road Safety Reports Academic Studies Road Risk Alerts Customer Support Company Who We Are Careers Internships Engineering Blog Diversity & Development Awards & Recognition Get Updates From Us! Copyright ©2025 Cambridge Mobile Telematics. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy English 日本語 English Français Italiano Deutsch