Home - Province of British Columbia Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Accessibility Statement Search Cancel Menu Find information Employment, business and economic development Data and information management Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce British Columbians and our governments Education and training Driving and transportation Farming, natural resources and industry Family and social supports Health Environmental protection and sustainability Housing and tenancy Law, crime and justice Public safety and emergency services Sports, recreation, arts and culture Taxes and tax credits Tourism and immigration More Careers & MyHR Services Forms News Contact us gov.bc.ca The official website of the Government of British Columbia. Ministries and organizations Discover B.C. Services A-Z Access services in B.C. Benefits and affordability Connect to benefits and savings to help with daily costs Public engagements Give feedback on government plans, policies and projects Find information Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce Find information for major life events, including ordering certificates and legal name changes. British Columbians and our governments Learn about government and our initiatives, and how we’re building relationships with Indigenous Peoples. Data and information management Find open data created and held by the B.C. government. Includes geographic data and statistics about B.C.’s population, labour market and economy. Driving and transportation Learn about personal, public and commercial transport. Includes driver licensing, insurance, highways and road safety. Education and training Information on early childhood, K to 12, post-secondary and adult education. Includes resources and supports for education and skills training. Employment, business and economic development Learn about jobs, business and investment in B.C. Includes employment standards, business supports and funding. Environmental protection and sustainability Find out what B.C. is doing to address climate change. Includes information on air and water quality, waste management and environmental assessments. Family and social supports Resources for children, youth, families, seniors and people living with disabilities. Includes child care, income assistance and disability assistance. Farming, natural resources and industry Learn about agriculture, seafood, natural resources and land use. Includes information on forestry, mining, energy and the BC Building Code. Health Find information for patients and health care professionals. Includes the Medical Services Plan (MSP), BC PharmaCare, mental health and substance use supports. Housing and tenancy Learn about renting, owning, buying or selling a home in B.C. Law, crime and justice Learn about human rights, the legal system, courts and policing. Public safety and emergency services Learn about public safety, crime prevention and natural disasters. Includes information on criminal record checks, cannabis and emergency preparedness. Sports, recreation, arts and culture Learn about outdoor recreation, sport and culture in B.C. Includes hunting and fishing licences, BC Parks. Taxes and tax credits Learn about provincial taxes and tax credits. Includes information about audits, rulings and appeals. Tourism and immigration Information about visiting, moving or immigrating to, or studying in B.C. Includes information and supports for tourism businesses. Work in BC 16,127 Jobs available through WorkBC.ca Find a job Post a job for free We're here for you Building B.C.’s economy stronger We’re building B.C. into Canada’s economic powerhouse – an economy that makes our country stronger and works better for people. Strengthening Health Care B.C. is working to deliver better, faster health care, hire more doctors, nurses and care teams, and build more hospitals. Be prepared P reparedness guides and community resources are available to help you prepare for potential emergencies. BC Gov News View more news Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Minimum rates increase Dec. 31 for hand-harvest farm workers The minimum piece rates for hand harvesting of specified farm crops will increase by 2.6% on Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. Read more Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Noah reclaims B.C.’s most popular baby name Parents throughout British Columbia have spoken, choosing Noah as the year’s most beloved name for newborns. Read more Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Listening to businesses to keep B.C. competitive B.C.’s Ease of Doing Business initiative feedback will drive changes for small business success Read more The B.C. Public Service acknowledges the territories of First Nations around B.C. and is grateful to carry out our work on these lands. We acknowledge the rights, interests, priorities, and concerns of all Indigenous Peoples - First Nations, Métis, and Inuit - respecting and acknowledging their distinct cultures, histories, rights, laws, and governments. We can help in over 220 languages and through other accessible options. Call, email or text us , or find a service centre More info Home About gov.bc.ca Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Copyright Contact us © 2025 Government of British Columbia