Governing: State and local government news and analysis Policy Management Finance More News Topics Housing and Urban Issues Infrastructure Policy Spotlight: AI Politics Resilience Transportation Workforce Government Quotes News in Numbers Papers Podcasts Webinars Magazine Newsletters Search Menu Policy Management Finance More News Topics Housing and Urban Issues Infrastructure Policy Spotlight: AI Politics Resilience Transportation Workforce Government Quotes News in Numbers Papers Podcasts Webinars Magazine Newsletters Search CONTINUE TO SITE ✕ Internet Explorer 11 is not supported For optimal browsing, we recommend Chrome, Firefox or Safari browsers. Resilience The Stories That Defined the Year in State and Local Government As states and cities navigated crisis, reform and political change, these were the stories readers turned to most in 2025 — from emergency management and public safety to housing, transit and federal policy. Dec. 23, 2025 Infrastructure An Underused Opportunity for Elected Officials to Keep the Utility Bills Down OPINION | December 23, 2025 Map of the Day Which States Are Leading the Data Center Race? December 22, 2025 · Carl Smith Management and Administration DOGE Done Right? Look to the States. OPINION | December 22, 2025 · Katherine Barrett and Richard Greene Finance State Tax Credits: An Underused Tool to Boost Family Incomes OPINION | December 19, 2025 More Stories Workforce Cash-Strapped Counties Face New Pressure to Enforce Immigration Law Dec. 19, 2025 Workforce England’s Apprenticeship Model Offers a Blueprint for U.S. Workforce Reform Dec. 19, 2025 Resilience How 11 States Strengthened Disaster Resilience in 2025 Dec. 19, 2025 Transportation E-Bikes Opened Doors for Low-Income Riders. Then California Closed the Program Dec. 18, 2025 · TNS MORE NEWS Editor's Picks Artificial Intelligence States Plan to Continue Regulating AI, Despite Trump’s Order The order calls for suing and denying grants to states with “onerous and excessive” artificial intelligence regulations, and for recommending a “minimally burdensome” national standard to pre-empt state laws. December 16, 2025 · Jule Pattison-Gordon Politics Brandon Johnson’s Woes Chicago’s mayor has low approval ratings and has struggled to pass his agenda. What does it mean for other big-city progressives? December 18, 2025 · Jared Brey Resilience The Stories That Defined the Year in State and Local Government As states and cities navigated crisis, reform and political change, these were the stories readers turned to most in 2025 — from emergency management and public safety to housing, transit and federal policy. Dec. 23, 2025 Most Read How Houston Cut Its Homeless Population by Nearly Two-Thirds To Fix the Electoral College, Change the Way Its Votes Are Awarded Which States Are Leading the Data Center Race? The Common Thread Webcast Stories of purpose, persistence, and people behind effective government. Featuring the 2025 Public Officials of the Year and hosted by Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett. Andrew Ginther, Mayor of Columbus, Ohio In the final episode of The Common Thread, Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett sits down with Andrew Ginther, Mayor of Columbus, Ohio and a 2025 Governing Public Official of the Year. Mayor Ginther shares how a deep-rooted commitment to service, regional collaboration, and intentional growth has helped transform one of the Midwest’s fastest-growing cities. Related Stories: Columbus’ New World: Finding Success in the Midwest Michael G. Adams, Kentucky Secretary of State In this week’s episode of The Common Thread, Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett sits down with Michael G. Adams, Kentucky’s Secretary of State and a 2025 Governing Public Official of the Year. Related Stories: Shepherding Elections Into the 21st Century Felecia Alston Green, Retired Deputy CIO, DeKalb County, Georgia In this week’s episode of The Common Thread, Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett sits down with Felecia Alston Green, retired Deputy CIO of DeKalb County and a 2025 Governing Public Official of the Year. Related Stories: Saving Money and Time Through Technology William Tong, Connecticut Attorney General In the second episode of The Common Thread, Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett sits down with Connecticut Attorney General William Tong and one of Governing’s 2025 Public Officials of the Year. Related Stories: Connecticut's AG Is a Fighter Who Punches Way Above His Weight Ted Ross, Los Angeles Chief Information Officer In the premiere episode of The Common Thread, Governing CEO Cathilea Robinett sits down with Ted Ross, Los Angeles Chief Information Officer and one of Governing's 2025 Public Officials of the Year. Related Stories: L.A. Agency Retools Systems Despite Budget Cuts Our Opinion Writers Donald F. Kettl Which States Are Ahead in the Race for the MAGA Trophy? Girard Miller Playing the Long Game in Public Finance Aaron M. Renn Post-COVID Recovery Is Helping Some Downtowns, Frustrating Others Jabari Simama The Shortchanging of Vital Institutions of Higher Ed View More Who Said That “There are a lot more students playing chess during lunch. I've also seen them carry around Rubik's Cubes.” James Allrich, principal of Argyle Middle School in Layhill, Md., describing unexpected shifts in student behavior after cellphone restrictions took effect. Educators across the country report that limiting phone use during the school day is boosting engagement and reviving offline activities. (Education Week) See More Quotes See More Quotes Sponsored Constituents Expect a Modern Payout System From Government While the private sector has embraced real-time payment tools, many public disbursements — from tax refunds to critical disaster relief payouts — still rely on traditional methods that can be slow, costly and vulnerable to misuse. Never miss a story with Governing's Daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Papers Webinars Podcasts Sponsored Articles About Privacy & AI Contact Advertise Stay Up To Date Get smart with Governing. Where government is going in states & localities. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS GET THE MAGAZINE ©2026 All rights reserved. e.Republic LLC Do Not Sell My Personal Information twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin