Government News, Research and Events for Federal Employees - GovExec.com Continue to the site → Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights ▼ Scroll To Continue ▼ Podcasts Events About Newsletters Advertise News Tech Management Pay & Benefits Oversight Workforce Defense Insights Leadership Voices Podcasts Events About Newsletters Advertise Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Management The 5 biggest stories federal agencies and employees need to watch in 2026 Eric Katz 6:00 AM ET News Management Oversight Defense Tech Pay & Benefits Workforce Insights Leadership Voices Trending RIFs Budget TSP Shutdown DOGE Special Report Workforce Federal Workforce Reduction Tracker Oversight Office of Special Counsel resumes Hatch Act enforcement against former feds for violations during their service Workforce Supreme Court lets judge continue examining threats to civil service system Exclusive Management Trump to limit top ratings for all feds and consolidate scoring in forthcoming rule Pay & Benefits Trump finalizes 1% pay raise for most feds sponsor content From Reactive to Resilient: Strategic Workforce Planning Special Report Workforce Federal Workforce Reduction Tracker Oversight Office of Special Counsel resumes Hatch Act enforcement against former feds for violations during their service Workforce Supreme Court lets judge continue examining threats to civil service system Exclusive Management Trump to limit top ratings for all feds and consolidate scoring in forthcoming rule Pay & Benefits Trump finalizes 1% pay raise for most feds sponsor content From Reactive to Resilient: Strategic Workforce Planning Management Controlling ratings inflation is a good idea...but a forced distribution isn’t COMMENTARY | OPM's plan to corral inflated performance ratings should also be mindful not to undercut employee excellence with arbitrary limits on recognition. Ronald Sanders December 29, 2025 Oversight Office of Special Counsel resumes Hatch Act enforcement against former feds for violations during their service The agency had paused filing Hatch Act complaints against such individuals pending a Merit Systems Protection Board decision on the jurisdiction of former federal employees. Sean Michael Newhouse December 29, 2025 Workforce The twists and turns of Trump’s 2025 war on unions Since returning to office, the Trump administration has engaged in a series of efforts to sideline labor representatives within the federal government. Erich Wagner December 23, 2025 Defense Pentagon preps to enforce ban on companies with ‘indirect’ ties to China Defense firms will be notified of potential links to blacklisted Chinese-military companies a year before the contracting ban goes into effect, the assistant defense secretary for industrial policy said. Lauren C. Williams December 22, 2025 Sponsor Content The Hidden Dangers of Legacy PAM: Why Your Security Solution May Actually Be a Risk Legacy PAM solutions increase risk in modern environments. Learn why zero-trust, cloud-native PAM is essential for securing today’s hybrid, DevOps-driven enterprises. Presented by Keeper Tech Senate adjourns without confirming CISA director Sean Plankey’s nomination faltered as lawmakers ran out the clock after a tumultuous year of workforce reductions. The cyberdefense agency enters the new year without a permanent leader as the White House finalizes a sweeping national cyber strategy. David DiMolfetta December 22, 2025 Defense Pentagon will cough up summaries of 3 years of safety investigations, per NDAA Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., pushed for the disclosure amid rise in military aviation mishaps. Thomas Novelly December 19, 2025 Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email Register for Newsletter View Privacy Policy Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email Register for Newsletter View Privacy Policy Stay Connected Get the latest on need-to-know topics for federal employees delivered to your inbox. email Register for Newsletter View Privacy Policy Workforce Supreme Court won’t halt judge’s probe into civil service laws’ virility, for now The unsigned order, which prompted no public dissents, suggested the Trump administration could return to the high court if the federal district court’s factfinding mission commences before justices consider whether to formally take on the case. Erich Wagner December 19, 2025 Sponsor Content Prepare for and respond to emergencies Public health and emergency response leaders face the challenge of maintaining cost-effective readiness to address various emergencies, including public health crises that disproportionately affect underserved communities. Presented by Optum Workforce GSA backs off planned layoffs within its technology team after court order The Technology Transformation Services has lost 67% of its staff since Jan. 25. Eric Katz and Natalie Alms December 19, 2025 FEATURED INSIGHTS Sponsor Content Modernizing Border Security: Unlocking Data Value for a Next-Generation Mission Sponsor Content GovExec TV: Five Questions with Vrashank Jain Sponsor Content Autonomy at the Tactical Edge: A Booz Allen + Shield AI Interview Sponsor Content Beyond compliance: H.R.1’s impact on benefits delivery Sponsor Content From Ambition to Action: Modernizing Federal Healthcare IT Sponsor Content A Connected Government: A Roadmap for State and Local Health and Human Services Workforce CISA opens 100 applications for CyberCorps students Earlier hiring snags had forced the scholarship program to pause recruitment of top student talent for cyber jobs. David DiMolfetta December 19, 2025 Exclusive Oversight USCIS’ arbitrarily strict FOIA policy is keeping some migrants from receiving their immigration records, whistleblower alleges In a protected disclosure to Congress, an agency employee claims that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services since 2024 has been finding ways to reject Freedom of Information Act requests from migrants in order to make it seem like the agency is complying with a court order. Sean Michael Newhouse December 19, 2025 Featured eBooks VOICES Innovation from the ground up: How state and local leaders are shaping the future of performance management Promising Practices by Sarah Cunningham, Mary Goldsmith  and Robert Shea OPM finalizes rule simplifying recruitment and relocation incentive waivers Pay & Benefits Watch by Carten Cordell Retiring soon? Key decisions every federal employee must make Retirement Planning by Tammy Flanagan The First 100 Days Survey says…most Americans don’t like DOGE Despite return-to-office deadline, some VA employees may still work remotely because there's not enough workspace IRS to lay off taxpayer experience, DEI staff See More Pay & Benefits Feds will have Dec. 24 and Dec. 26 off Trump finalizes 1% pay raise for most feds DHS opens up new $60K bonuses for Border Patrol agents, other officers See More Retirement Planning Retiring soon? Key decisions every federal employee must make OPM’s retirement application pile remains large as the year draws to a close Just days remain to lock in 2026 health and benefit choices See More The Presidential Transition Trump’s disregard of presidential transition requirements shows need for reform, experts argue House Dems cite ‘fundamental conflict’ of Rubio’s acting appointments atop USAID and National Archives Judge: Musk and Trump’s effort to disband USAID is likely unconstitutional See More Pay & Benefits Feds will have Dec. 24 and Dec. 26 off Federal employees will now have a five-day weekend, beginning on Christmas Eve. Sean Michael Newhouse December 18, 2025 TSP TICKER FUND G F C S I DEC 29 CLOSE $19.5833 $20.9314 $110.4676 $101.8399 $55.5826 DAILY CHANGE 0.0068 0.0263 -0.3837 -0.6100 -0.0194 THIS MONTH (%) 0.33 -0.02 0.93 0.89 3.21 FUND L 2070 L 2060 L 2050 L 2040 L 2030 L INCOME DEC 29 CLOSE $12.7853 $21.5742 $41.7927 $68.1304 $58.3362 $29.2976 DAILY CHANGE -0.0340 -0.0575 -0.0869 -0.1210 -0.0807 -0.0127 THIS MONTH (%) 1.71 1.71 1.45 1.31 1.13 0.70 SEE MORE TSP Site FUND DEC 29 CLOSE DAILY CHANGE THIS MONTH G $19.5833 0.0068 0.33 F $20.9314 0.0263 -0.02 C $110.4676 -0.3837 0.93 S $101.8399 -0.6100 0.89 I $55.5826 -0.0194 3.21 L 2070 $12.7853 -0.0340 1.71 L 2060 $21.5742 -0.0575 1.71 L 2050 $41.7927 -0.0869 1.45 L 2040 $68.1304 -0.1210 1.31 L 2030 $58.3362 -0.0807 1.13 L INCOME $29.2976 -0.0127 0.70 SEE MORE TSP Site Pay & Benefits Trump finalizes 1% pay raise for most feds The president also tasked OPM Director Scott Kupor with analyzing whether to provide federal law enforcement officers with a 3.8% pay increase, in line with what military service members are set to receive next month. Erich Wagner December 18, 2025 Pay & Benefits DHS opens up new $60K bonuses for Border Patrol agents, other officers The Trump administration is boosting incentives as it seeks to meet lofty hiring goals. Eric Katz December 18, 2025 Pay & Benefits Retiring soon? Key decisions every federal employee must make From survivor benefits and health coverage to leave payouts and TSP choices, federal employees nearing retirement face deadlines that can permanently shape their finances. Tammy Flanagan December 18, 2025 Defense Trump rebrands troop housing subsidy as ‘warrior dividend’ bonus checks More than $2.9 billion in reconciliation funds was allocated to beef up troop housing allowances. Now, it’s being used for $1,776 checks. Thomas Novelly December 18, 2025 Exclusive Management Trump to limit top ratings for all feds and consolidate scoring in forthcoming rule Though the forced distribution of performance ratings is “categorically prohibited” under current rules, federal agencies already appear to be adopting the system, before the proposal has even been announced. Eric Katz and Erich Wagner December 17, 2025 Updated Workforce Additional shutdown layoffs must be rolled back, judge rules The order is set to impact around 700 workers at four agencies. Eric Katz December 17, 2025 Tech Warren, Sanders push Labor on plans to create a centralized unemployment ‘starting point’ The senators worry that the planned intake of applicant data at the Labor Department will create "grievous economic and privacy risks for millions of Americans.” Natalie Alms December 17, 2025 Management Postal Service hopes selling access to its final-leg delivery network will provide much-needed revenue Because the U.S. Postal Service delivers to all U.S. addresses, many private companies rely on the agency to ship to harder-to-reach places. Postmaster General David Steiner wants to enable more businesses to utilize this service. Sean Michael Newhouse December 17, 2025 Management Transfers at the Education Department spark fallout warnings from Senate Democrats Lawmakers, union leaders and education officials say shifting programs out of the department risks losing expertise, adding bureaucracy and weakening support for students and families. Shauneen Miranda , States Newsroom December 17, 2025 Pay & Benefits OPM finalizes rule simplifying recruitment and relocation incentive waivers The final regulation allows the federal government’s HR agency to delegate its authority to offer recruitment and relocation incentive payments to other agencies. Carten Cordell December 17, 2025 Workforce Appellate judges mull challenge to Trump’s efforts to bust most federal labor unions Much of the discussion in oral arguments for three separate lawsuits revolved around whether an administrative board could hear unions’ legal claims and whether President Trump used a faulty definition of 'national security' when he devised two executive orders banning unions at most federal agencies. Erich Wagner December 16, 2025 Tech Want an AI job at Treasury? Write a 10-page analysis of ‘Great Gatsby’ While the application requirement may actually be a test on using artificial intelligence tools, an AI expert said that the skills being measured are not relevant to the job listed. Sean Michael Newhouse December 16, 2025 Insights & Reports Value Ripples Outward: How agentic AI transforms government permitting for greater efficiency and impactValue Ripples Outward: How agentic AI transforms government permitting for greater efficiency and impact Presented By Google Public Sector Download Now Veeam - Beyond prevention: Federal data resilience in an age of constant disruption. Presented By Veeam Download Now Next About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Nextgov/FCW Defense One Route Fifty Washington Technology GovTribe More © 2025 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name * I Work For... * — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Agency/Department * — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Agency/Department * — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Agency/Department * — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Agency/Department * — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State Agency/Department * — select — Organization Function * — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Please Provide Your Org.'s Name * Industry * — select — Job Title * Job Function * — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Country * United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name * Postal code * Phone Number Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive
                  Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Thank you! Thank you for subscribing! Please check out our other newsletter offerings on our Newsletter page. Close × Get federal business news in your inbox. Sign up for Govexec Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Government Executive can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Submit Privacy Policy