skip to main content
Hide The Ads ▶ Log In ▶
govtrack.us
Tracking Congress & the White House
Congress 
White House 
Help 
About Us 
Search GovTrack for
Search
We’re tracking the activities of the United States Congress and the White House to make a more open and accountable government.
Congress's productive 2025 (And don't let anyone tell you otherwise)

Dec. 29, 2025 · Analysis and Commentary · by Joshua Tauberer

The media loves to tell you your government isn't working, even when it is. Don't let anyone tell you 2025 was an unproductive year for Congress.

1,976 pages of new law

At 1,976 pages of new law enacted since President Trump took office, including an increase of the national debt limit by $4 trillion, any journalist telling you not much happened in Congress this year is sleeping on the job.

Using rules that exempt certain bills from the filibuster, …

Read More » View Older Posts » Sign Up For Emails »
Find your representative and senators:
Enter your home address:
	Find My District »
 I’m at Home ·  View a Map ·  Find Members of Congress ·
Find legislation that affects you:
Select a subject area to search and get alerts:
Select Subject Area...
Agriculture and Food
Animals
Armed Forces and National Security
Arts, Culture, Religion
Civil Rights and Liberties, Minority Issues
Commerce
Crime and Law Enforcement
Economics and Public Finance
Education
Emergency Management
Energy
Environmental Protection
Families
Finance and Financial Sector
Foreign Trade and International Finance
Geographic Areas, Entities, and Committees
Government Operations and Politics
Health
Housing and Community Development
Immigration
International Affairs
Labor and Employment
Law
Native Americans
Private Legislation
Public Lands and Natural Resources
Science, Technology, Communications
Social Sciences and History
Social Welfare
Sports and Recreation
Taxation
Transportation and Public Works
Water Resources Development
	View Bills »
 All Bills ·  Get Alerts ·  Search ·  Committees · More
Trending
S. 3503: A bill to reauthorize and improve the wildlife crossings program, and for other purposes.

S. 3502: A bill to establish requirements with respect to the sale of timeshares to improve acquisition transparency, and for other purposes.

H.R. 38: Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2025

S. 3572: A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to allow recipients of certain grants to improve highway safety efforts through the ...

H.R. 3492: Protect Children’s Innocence Act

H.R. 6703: Lower Health Care Premiums for All Americans Act

Home
About GovTrack
About the Data
Contact Us
Privacy & Legal
Site News
Mastodon
Bluesky
Patreon
GitHub

GovTrack helps everyone learn about and track the activities of the United States Congress and the White House. Launched more than 20 years ago, we’re one of the oldest government transparency and accountability websites on the Internet.

GovTrack.us is not a government website. We’re a small, wholly independent organization.