Who We Are
Work With Us
Explore and Research
Congressionally Mandated Reports
Contact Us
Search
 
     
Congressionally Mandated Reports




Read More

Previous
Next
Latest News
GPO Print Procurement Helps Local Businesses in 2025

12/17/25  The U.S. Government Publishing Office’s (GPO) print procurement program awarded $385 million in contracts with private-sector printing companies across the country to meet the printing and publishing needs of Federal agencies in fiscal year 2025. This work represented more than 61,400 orders.

GPO Names University of North Texas with Best Federal Depository Website

09/25/25  The U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) honors University of North Texas (UNT) Libraries for having the best website in the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP) for 2025. This is the third library to ever receive the award, which was created to recognize the creativity and the ways libraries are providing easy access to Federal Government information on their websites.

Colorado Library Named the Best in the Nation

09/25/25  The U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) has named Arthur Lakes Library at the Colorado School of Mines as the 2025 Federal Depository Library of the Year. The Golden, CO library was selected for its significant role in increasing access to and preserving Government information, including making publications from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) easily accessible to the public in digital formats.

GPO Director Names Managing Director of Library Services and Content Management

09/22/25  U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) Director Hugh Nathanial Halpern named Julie Balutis the Agency’s Managing Director of Library Services and Content Management (LSCM) department. In this role, Balutis will oversee the administration of four major Congressionally-mandated programs: the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP), the Cataloging & Indexing Program, the International Exchange Service, and the By-Law Program.

America's Digital Splash

08/21/25  The GovInfo Team Sees a Wave of Growth Year-Over-Year.

Hart and Soul

08/21/25  Five Questions With Congressional Record Index Office Chief Philip Hart.

View More News

Events and Training

Simplified Purchase Agreement (SPA) Training

Dates: December 31
Location: Online
Cost: Free

Photoshop

Dates: January 5 – 6
Location: Online
Cost: $775

View All Events



Facebook Feed




Free Government Information Resources
GovInfo
View more
Ben’s Guide to the
U.S. Government
View more
Catalog of
U.S. Government Publications
View more
Government
Book Talk
View more
U.S. Government Bookstore
View more
Locate a Federal Depository Library
View more

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
You Tube
 
Pinterest
 
Linkedin

THE OFFICIAL WEBSITE OF THE U.S. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE

Accessibility | Privacy | COOP | Inspector General