Menu
Grab Singapore
GrabX
Be Our Partner
Help Centre
Grab. Making every
day better.

Read About Us

Download App

From essential services to earning opportunities. We're an all-in-one platform.
Consumer
Driver
Merchant
Enterprise
Deliveries
Food

Have all your cravings delivered to your doorstep.

Mart

Find everything you need—groceries and more.

Express

Send packages, documents, and beyond.

Mobility
Rides

Choose from a variety of vehicles to take you from A to B safely.

Financial Services
Pay

Secure and seamless cashless payments, online and in-store.

Insurance

Get everyday protection with accessible insurance.

Show More Services 
Grab’s Contribution to Singapore
Grab’s Economic Impact in Singapore

Grab’s ride-hailing and delivery services contributed S$5.2 billion to Singapore’s economy in 2023. The impact supported 117,000 earning opportunities, and generated S$2.5 billion in household income through in-app purchases and the economic activity it supports among the local supply chains in the wider Singapore economy.

 

Learn More

Grab Launches AI Centre of Excellence (CoE) to Power SEA’s Digital Future

Grab officially launched its first Artificial Intelligence Centre of Excellence (AI COE), with support from Digital Industry Singapore (DISG). This strategic AI innovation hub aims to accelerate AI-driven solutions that improve digital accessibility, boost platform productivity and growth, and contribute to smart nation building across Southeast Asia.

 

Learn More

Grab Singapore Achieves IMDA Data Protection Trustmark (DPTM) Accreditation

Grab Singapore has been officially accredited with the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) Data Protection Trustmark (DPTM). This recognition reflects Grab's continuous, top-level commitment to strengthening digital trust and ensuring personal data remains safe and secure for all platform users.

 

Learn More

Grab Wins Top Transport and Community Safety Awards

At Grab, safety and service excellence are at the heart of everything we do. Our commitment has been recognised through:

Singapore Police Force’s Outstanding Community Partnership Award – for enhancing community safety
Transport Gold Award (recipient from 2022-2025) – for exemplary driver-partner service standards

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Grab Joins Platform Workers Trilateral Group to Enhance Worker Welfare

Grab Singapore is a part of the government-led Platform Workers Trilateral Group (PWTG), a major initiative designed to address challenges and safeguard the well-being of platform workers amidst the rapidly evolving digital landscape. Grab works alongside the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), Ministry of Transport (MOT), and the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) to develop progressive solutions.

 

Learn More

GrabBenefits 2.0: Grab Contributes S$4M Annually to Partner Welfare

Announced in October 2024, Grab commits S$4 million annually to GrabBenefits 2.0, complementing the Platform Workers Act 2025. Driver- and delivery-partners can enjoy:

Subsidised medical services
Telemedicine services
Complimentary preventive health and wellness services

 

Learn More

Grab Emerald Circle Scholarships & Bursaries for Partners' Children

Launched in 2018, the Grab Emerald Circle Scholarships & Bursaries support children of Grab driver- and delivery-partners in their education. To note, the bond-free Scholarship has increased from S$10,000 to S$15,000 in 2025.

Since 2018: 74 scholarships issued
From 2018 to 2024: 2,812 bursaries issued

 

Learn More

Upskilling & Professional Training for Partners with GrabAcademy

Since 2020, GrabAcademy has supported partners with upskilling, career guidance, and professional development.

160,000+ trainings completed
23,000+ partners upskilled
5,200+ received training and career advice
400+ SME merchant-partners trained
700+ SME employees trained

 

Learn More

Newsroom
18/12/25
Momenta to bring autonomous driving technology to Southeast Asia through Grab partnership and investment
Read More
18/11/25
Grab and StraitsX sign MOU to explore the development of Web3 wallets and stablecoin-based settlement layer across Asia
Read More
17/11/25
Grab and NPHVA partner to deliver S$0.50 minimum fare increase for drivers
Read More
17/11/25
Grab formally recognises National Taxi Association
Read More
More News Releases
Grab Singapore
Forward Together

3 Media Close,
Singapore 138498

Follow us and keep updated!
Singapore
About
About Us
Inside Grab
Investor Relations
Locations
Sustainability
Newsroom
Grab Financial Group
Careers
GrabForGood Fund
Consumer
Airport Guides
Rides
GrabFood
GrabMart
GrabExpress
GrabCoins
GrabGifts
Financial services
Grab For Family
What's New
GrabExec Limo
Experiences
Driver
Help Centre
What's New
Drive with us
Deliver with us
Financial services
Driver Centre
GrabAcademy
Merchant
Help Centre
What's New
Partner with us
Financial services
Financial resources
GrabExpress
Grab Dine Out
Payment Solutions
Enterprise
What's New
Grab for Business
GrabAds
GrabGifts
GrabFinance
GrabExpress
GrabDefence
GrabMaps
Business Delivery Service
Quick Links
Help Centre
Food Menu
Developer Portal
Tech Blog
Terms and Policies
•
Privacy Notice
© Grab 2010 - 2025
Use of Cookies

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Please refer to the section on Cookies within our Privacy Notice for more information.Privacy Notice

Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings