Gradle Build Tool Watch our latest tutorials and trainings on DPE University and YouTube . close gradle-build-tool-dark-green-primary About Gradle Releases Gradle Features Gradle 9 Highlights Gradle 8 Highlights Gradle vs Maven Declarative Gradle Docs Gradle User Guide Installing Gradle Gradle Cookbook Learn DPE University YouTube Channel Events and Webinars Get Help Community Slack Community Forums Professional Services Community Newsletter Blog GitHub Gradle Fellowship Gradle, Inc. Develocity® Build Scan® DPE.org Careers LEARN DPE University is Live!   > Gradle Build Tool accelerates developer productivity Gradle is the open source build system of choice for Java, Android, and Kotlin developers.
          From mobile apps to microservices, from small startups to big enterprises, it helps teams deliver better software, faster. Install Gradle 9.2.1 Getting Started Guide Build Anything Write in Java, Kotlin, C++, or any language of your choice. Package for deployment on any platform. Go monorepo or multi-repo. Rely on Gradle's unparalleled versatility to build it all. Automate Everything Use Gradle's rich API and mature ecosystem of plugins and integrations to get ambitious about automation. Model, integrate, and systematize the delivery of your software from end to end. Deliver Faster Scale out development with elegant, blazing-fast builds. From compile avoidance to advanced caching and beyond, we pursue performance relentlessly so your team can deliver continuously. What's New in Gradle? LEARN DPE University is live! We released the DPE University portal
with free self-paced courses for Gradle Build Tool, Gradle Build Scan, Develocity, Apache Maven and the integrations.
Learn the best practices with us, and boost your Developer Productivity! Learn More RELEASE What's new in Gradle 8.14? We have released Gradle 8.14.
This release introduces performance and reporting improvements to the configuration cache,
including a significant reduction in the cache file size and accelerated cache loading times. Learn More RELEASE Declarative Gradle - Early Access Preview 3 We are happy to announce the third Early Access Preview (EAP) release of Declarative Gradle.
Support for testing, list and file support, new IDE integrations.
Learn more about Declarative Gradle, try it out, and share feedback! Learn More Leading Open Source Project downloads 50M+ downloads/month top-20 Top 20 open source projects Gradle is one of the most used build tools among GitHub users,
and we are excited to collaborate with them to improve supply chain security
for the Gradle community. Read More Jon Janego, Senior Product Manager at GitHub Gradle works in the IDE of your choice Considering Gradle? Check out our migration guidelines for help: Upgrading Gradle From Apache Maven From Apache Ant Trusted by millions of developers Gradle is ranked among the top 20 open-source projects and is trusted by millions of developers to build software that reaches billions of people. Gradle has been an integral part of our JVM tooling for the last 10 years. We leverage Gradle for more than 4,500 JVM based projects and we have benefited from all the outstanding work in dependency management, parallelization and work avoidance in order  to deliver a delightful developer experience for Netflix engineers. Read More Aubrey Chipman and Roberto Perez Alcolea, JVM Ecosystem Team, Netflix Stay in the Know Join 100,000+ Gradle newsletter subscribers. By entering your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy , including receipt of emails. You can unsubscribe at any time. Careers | Privacy | Terms of Service | Contact © 2025 Gradle, Inc.
        Gradle®, Develocity®, Build Scan®, and the Gradlephant logo are registered trademarks of Gradle, Inc.
        "Gradle" means "Gradle Build Tool" and does not reference Gradle, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.