Grafana: The open and composable observability platform | Grafana Labs Products Open Source Solutions Learn Docs Pricing Downloads Contact us Sign in Create free account Contact us Products All Products Grafana Cloud Monitor, analyze, and act faster with AI-powered observability. Grafana Cloud overview LGTM+ Stack Logs powered by Grafana Loki Grafana for visualization Traces powered by Grafana Tempo Metrics powered by Grafana Mimir and Prometheus Key Capabilities AI/ML insights Identify anomalies and reduce toil Contextual root cause analysis Automated anomaly correlation SLO management Create SLOs and error budget alerts Alerting Trigger alerts from any data source Plugins Connect Grafana to data sources, apps, and more Observability Solutions Application Observability Monitor application performance Infrastructure observability Ensure infrastructure health and performance Testing Performance testing Powered by Grafana k6 Synthetic Monitoring powered by Grafana k6 IRM Incident response Routine task automation for incidents On-call management Flexible on-call management Open Source All Open Source Grafana Loki Multi-tenant log aggregation system Grafana Query, visualize, and alert on data Grafana Tempo High-scale distributed tracing backend Grafana Mimir Scalable and performant metrics backend Grafana Pyroscope Scalable continuous profiling backend Grafana Beyla eBPF auto-instrumentation Grafana Faro Frontend application observability web SDK Grafana Alloy OpenTelemetry Collector distribution with Prometheus pipelines Grafana k6 Load testing for engineering teams Prometheus Monitor Kubernetes and cloud native OpenTelemetry Instrument and collect telemetry data Graphite Scalable monitoring for time series data All Community resources Dashboard templates Try out and share prebuilt visualizations Prometheus exporters Get your metrics into Prometheus quickly Solutions All end-to-end solutions Opinionated solutions that help you get there easier and faster Kubernetes Monitoring Get K8s health, performance, and cost monitoring from cluster to container Application Observability Monitor application performance Frontend Observability Gain real user monitoring insights Incident Response & Management Detect and respond to incidents with a simplified workflow All monitoring and visualization solutions monitor infrastructure Out-of-the-box KPIs, dashboards, and alerts for observability Linux Windows Docker Postgres MySQL AWS Kafka Jenkins RabbitMQ MongoDB Microsoft Azure Google Cloud All monitoring solutions visualize any data Instantly connect all your data sources to Grafana MongoDB AppDynamics Oracle GitLab Jira Salesforce Splunk Datadog New Relic Snowflake All visualization solutions Learn All Learn Community and events Events Upcoming in-person and virtual events ObservabilityCON 2025 Our flagship observability event GrafanaCON 2026 Our annual OSS community conference ObservabilityCON on the Road Our observability conference on the road Community Join the Grafana community Community forums Ask the community for help Resources Blog News, releases, cool stories, and more 4th annual Observability Survey Share your thoughts on the state of observability Benefits of Observability New research, reports, and insights Success stories By use case, product, and industry How-to Documentation All the docs Webinars and videos Demos, webinars, and feature tours Tutorials Step-by-step guides Workshops Free, in-person or online Learning Journeys Expert guidance for mastering our platform Professional Services Expert guidance and training Docs Pricing Help build the future of open source observability software Open positions Check out the open source projects we support Downloads Sign in Grafana Cloud Monitor, analyze, and act faster with AI-powered observability. Grafana Cloud overview LGTM+ Stack Logs Grafana Traces Metrics Key Capabilities AI/ML insights Contextual root cause analysis SLO management Alerting Plugins Observability Solutions Application Observability Infrastructure observability Testing Performance testing Synthetic Monitoring IRM Incident response On-call management The actually useful free plan Grafana Cloud Free Tier 10k series Prometheus metrics 50GB logs, 50GB traces, 50GB profiles 500VUh k6 testing 20+ Enterprise data source plugins 100+ pre-built solutions Create account Grafana Loki Multi-tenant log aggregation system Grafana Query, visualize, and alert on data Grafana Tempo High-scale distributed tracing backend Grafana Mimir Scalable and performant metrics backend Grafana Pyroscope Scalable continuous profiling backend Grafana Beyla eBPF auto-instrumentation Grafana Faro Frontend application observability web SDK Grafana Alloy OpenTelemetry Collector distribution with Prometheus pipelines Grafana k6 Load testing for engineering teams Prometheus Monitor Kubernetes and cloud native OpenTelemetry Instrument and collect telemetry data Graphite Scalable monitoring for time series data All Community resources Dashboard templates Try out and share prebuilt visualizations Prometheus exporters Get your metrics into Prometheus quickly end-to-end solutions Opinionated solutions that help you get there easier and faster Kubernetes Monitoring Get K8s health, performance, and cost monitoring from cluster to container Application Observability Monitor application performance Frontend Observability Gain real user monitoring insights Incident Response & Management Detect and respond to incidents with a simplified workflow monitor infrastructure Out-of-the-box KPIs, dashboards, and alerts for observability Linux Windows Docker Postgres MySQL AWS Kafka Jenkins RabbitMQ MongoDB Microsoft Azure Google Cloud visualize any data Instantly connect all your data sources to Grafana MongoDB AppDynamics Oracle GitLab Jira Salesforce Splunk Datadog New Relic Snowflake All monitoring and visualization solutions Community and events Events ObservabilityCON 2025 GrafanaCON 2026 ObservabilityCON on the Road Community Community forums Resources Blog 4th annual Observability Survey Benefits of Observability Success stories How-to Documentation Webinars and videos Tutorials Workshops Learning Journeys Professional Services Featured webinar Getting started with managing your metrics, logs, and traces using Grafana Learn how to unify, correlate, and visualize data with dashboards using Grafana. Learn more → Site search Ask Grot AI Try using Grot AI for this query -> en ja Ask Grot Our AI helper has the answers Grafana Cloud observability Cloud or OSS Create dashboards Loki logs Get started Grafana Cloud A free tier that’s actually useful Create account 10k series Prometheus metrics Storage - 50GB logs, 50GB traces, 50GB profiles 500VUh synthetic testing 20+ Enterprise data source plugins From k8 to DB monitoring, 100+ pre-built solutions Incident Response Management & OnCall Create account Observability Platforms Recognised as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant Read more Read the latest research and industry reports to discover the role of observability in driving growth and future proofing your business Read more Actually useful AI No panel? No data? This is what it sounds like when devs cry. Good thing Grafana Assistant, an LLM agent built directly into Grafana Cloud, can fix it for you. (Or let’s go crazy: make it purple.) Learn more Centralized observability managed for you for LE$$ Metrics, logs, traces, and profiles, oh my! Gazillions of pre-built solutions to try. So much to explore, with capabilities galore. OTel me more . Learn more Your first, last, or everything pane of glass. Visualize & monitor almost anything. From AWS to Zabbix and everything in between, can’t get enough of your graphs, babe. Data sources AI-powered observability as easy as chat Ask the Grafana Assistant, a context-aware LLM agent built directly into Grafana Cloud, to fix your dashboards or even make changes to your stack. Learn more Centralized observability managed for you Named a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Observability Platforms. Pick what you want, from K8s and application observability to incident response . Plus native support for Prometheus and OTel . Learn more Your single or first pane of glass Visualize and monitor almost anything. From AWS to Zabbix and 100s of other sources, bring them together in one place. Data sources Fun Serious The actually useful free plan Grafana Cloud Free Tier 10k series Prometheus metrics 50GB logs, 50GB traces, 50GB profiles 500VUh k6 testing 20+ Enterprise data source plugins 100+ pre-built solutions Create account Put the credit card away. Trusted by 25M+ users worldwide Success stories → Your tools / data Query / keep data where it is Your environment Applications and infrastructure Send data to backends Open standards: OTel, Prometheus Visualization Testing Performance testing Synthetic monitoring Observability solutions Frontend Application Infrastructure Incident response management On-call management Incident management Key capabilities AI insights Contextual root cause analysis Cost management SLO management Alerting Security and governance Building blocks: telemetry databases (LGTM+) Mimir Metrics Loki Logs Tempo Traces Pyroscope Profiles No lock-in Open standards: OTel, Prometheus Your tools / data Connect your tools and your teams with Grafana plugins. Data source plugins hook into existing data sources via APIs and render the data in real time without requiring you to migrate or ingest your data. Plugin directory Demo Docs Your environment Send your local data to Grafana’s backend for long-term storage, aggregation, and high-performance querying. Forward your metrics, logs, traces, and profiles using existing services deployed into your environment. Quick start guide Demo Docs Visualization Grafana allows you to query, visualize, alert on, and understand your metrics no matter where they are stored. Create, explore, and share beautiful dashboards with your team and foster a data-driven culture. Learn more Demo Docs Performance testing Easily run cloud-based performance tests to boost release confidence and velocity. Learn more Demo Docs Synthetic monitoring Proactively monitor the performance of your APIs and web applications from the user’s perspective, testing the availability, health, and quality of your services around the world. Learn more Demo Docs Contextualized Root Cause Analysis Add an intelligence layer to your telemetry data to better understand the behavior of your applications and services. Uncover root causes quickly as related issues are automatically correlated. Learn more Demo Docs Frontend Observability Gain clear, actionable insights into the end user experience of web applications with data on real-time frontend health and frontend errors. Learn more Demo Docs Application Observability Bring together application telemetry from the frontend and infrastructure layers with native support of both OpenTelemetry and Prometheus. Learn more Demo Docs Infrastructure observability Gain insights into workloads you haven’t been able to see before with pre-built infrastructure observability solutions. Learn more Demo Docs SLO management Easily create, manage, and scale service level objectives, SLO dashboards, and error budget alerts in Grafana Cloud. Learn more Demo Docs Alerting Create, manage, and take action on your alerts in a single, consolidated view, and improve your team’s ability to identify and resolve issues quickly. Learn more Demo Docs On-call management Reduce toil in on-call management through simpler workflows and interfaces that are tailored specifically for engineers. Learn more Demo Docs Incident management Respond to incidents faster by automating the toilsome tasks of incident management, which helps you focus on actually fixing the issue. Learn more Demo Docs AI insights AI tools in Grafana Cloud minimize toil and the need for everyone in your organization to have the same deep domain knowledge about your increasingly complex stack. Learn more Cost management Manage, control, and optimize your observability spend with a centralized suite of tools in Grafana Cloud. Learn more Demo Docs Security and governance Grafana's security and governance capabilities include robust user authentication and authorization, data source permissions, audit logging, and compliance with industry standards to ensure secure and controlled access to data visualizations and dashboards. Learn more Demo Docs Trust Center Configuration (as code) Manage dashboards, datasources, and configurations through declarative JSON or YAML files, enabling version control and automated deployments for consistent and reproducible monitoring environments. Learn more Demo Docs Loki Store and query logs from all your applications and infrastructure – without worrying about log volumes, costs, or storage limits. Learn more Demo Docs Grafana Query, visualize, alert on, and understand your metrics no matter where they are stored. Create, explore, and share beautiful dashboards with your team and foster a data-driven culture. Learn more Demo Docs Tempo Understand the flow of requests and data in your software systems and track down issues quickly with this highly scalable, cost-effective trace storage and query engine. Learn more Demo Docs Mimir Bring together the raw, unsampled metrics for all your applications and infrastructure, spread around the globe, in one place. Query high-cardinality data with blazing fast PromQL and Graphite queries. Learn more Demo Docs Pyroscope Optimize infrastructure spend, simplify debugging, and enhance application performance through continuous profiling. Learn more Demo Docs What can Grafana Cloud help you do? Troubleshoot faster Contextual alerts integrated into Grafana Cloud’s workflows for application, Kubernetes, and infrastructure observability – and more – speed up root cause analysis. At BlackRock, this “ put our telemetry into action and ultimately resolved issues faster, ” Head of Observability Olin Gay said at ObservabilityCON. Watch demo Read the docs Learn more Reduce telemetry costs Using machine learning under the hood, the Adaptive Telemetry features aggregate unused metrics and optimize log volumes. “ It not only saves us hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, but it’s also a forcing function for us to look closely at our metrics to find additional opportunities for time series reduction and cardinality improvements, ” said Mux Senior Engineering Manager Ron Lipke. Watch demo Adaptative Metrics Adaptative Logs Manage your incident response, all in Grafana Cloud The IRM solution provides workflows to create alerts and SLOs, manage on-call and incident response, and learn from postmortems – all within the context of your observability stack. “ Getting on-call notifications and paging integrated closer to the dashboards and data that help developers diagnose and resolve issues will greatly improve on-call workflows, ” said The Trade Desk Staff Software Engineer Nathan Bellowe. Watch demo Read the docs Learn more Play around with the Grafana Stack Experience Grafana for yourself, no registration or installation needed. Grafana showcase Watch 0:14 A problem with video playback occurred. If it persists, please email <a href="mailto:update@grafana.com">update@grafana.com</a> for help. Grafana sandbox Upcoming and recent events 2026-01-07 Webinar Getting started with Grafana dashboard design In this webinar, you'll learn how to design stylish and easily accessible Grafana dashboards that tell a story. Register now → 2026-01-14 Meetup Grafana & Friends Madrid - Grafana & Friends @ Sirviendo Código Learn more → 2026-01-14 Webinar How to get started with OpenTelemetry and Grafana This webinar covers the essentials of instrumentation and demonstrates how to visualize OpenTelemetry data seamlessly within Grafana and Grafana … Register now → All upcoming events On-demand webinars and videos Grafana Labs Blog News, announcements, articles, metrics & monitoring love 2025-12-12 | Martin Falch How to use AI to analyze and visualize CAN data with Grafana Assistant 2025-12-11 | Grafana Labs Team ‘Grafana’s Big Tent’ podcast: Welcome to season 3! 2025-12-11 | Kristin Knapp Grafana Labs: Top 10 moments of 2025 What's new from Grafana Labs Suggested dashboards now available Grafana Cloud Available in public preview Open source Enterprise Available in public preview Dashboards and visualizations Release date: 2025-12-19 Stay informed about incident with threaded status updates Grafana Cloud Generally Available IRM Release date: 2025-12-19 Instrumentation Hub in Grafana Cloud Grafana Cloud Available in public preview Release date: 2025-12-17 Filter query variable values more effectively with regex patterns Grafana Cloud Generally Available Open source Enterprise Generally Available Dashboards and visualizations Release date: 2025-12-16 Fleet Management adds visual indicators and error mapping for remote configuration errors Grafana Cloud Generally Available Fleet Management Alloy Release date: 2025-12-12 Grafana Assistant help with configuration pipelines Grafana Cloud Generally Available Fleet Management Alloy Machine learning Release date: 2025-12-12 View all Sign up for Grafana stack updates Note: By signing up, you agree to be emailed related product-level information. Products Grafana Cloud Grafana Enterprise Stack Grafana visualizations Plugins Grafana Cloud Logs Grafana Cloud Metrics Grafana Cloud Traces Grafana Cloud Profiles AI/ML tools for observability Application Observability Frontend Observability Grafana Cloud Asserts Grafana IRM Grafana k6 Grafana SLO Synthetic Monitoring Solutions Pricing Open Source Grafana Grafana Alloy Grafana Beyla Grafana Faro Grafana k6 Grafana Loki Grafana Mimir Grafana OnCall Grafana Pyroscope Grafana Tanka Grafana Tempo Graphite OpenTelemetry Prometheus Dashboard templates Downloads GitHub Learn Documentation Grafana Labs blog Webinars and videos Tutorials Workshops Events Community Professional Services Community forums Community Slack Grafana Champions Community organizers Observability Survey Report 2025 OSS vs Cloud Writers' Toolkit Plugin development Load testing OpenTelemetry Report Log monitoring Company Partnerships Our team Careers Success stories Newsroom Contact us Getting help Merch Open positions We're hiring The Story of Grafana Compare Grafana vs. Datadog Localized content Japanese pages German pages French pages Spanish pages Portuguese pages Grafana Cloud status Your cookie preferences Legal and Security Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademark Policy Copyright 2025 © Grafana Labs Grafana Labs uses cookies for the normal operation of this website. Learn more. Got it!