Grand National 2025: Start Time | Race Guide | Tips & Bets Home History Odds and Tips Runners Tickets Hotels TV Live Home History Odds and Tips Runners Tickets Hotels TV Live The 2026 Grand National 9 - 11 April Place your bet Buy tickets Place your BET GRAND NATIONAL 2025 Table of content Race Schedule The Best of Horse Racing Action Gears up for Grand National 2025 Getting Tickets for Grand National FAQ and Interesting Facts about Grand National How long does Grand National take? What won Grand National 2025? What race is the Grand National? Aintree's remarkable event Plan Your Day The Aintree Grand National is an annual famous event in the world of horse racing. The venue of this competition is the UK, Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool. More than 40 participants compete for the main trophy; competitions consist of three stages. The duration of the event is three days; and this year it will start on April 3rd, with the traditional Ladies Day on April 4th and the final race on Saturday, the 5th of April. The prize fund of the Grand National 2025 is £1 million. But this annual race is not only a reason for gambling gentlemen to gather but also a social event, at which society ladies show new dressy outfits and, of course, extravagant hats. And if the gentlemen hope to break the bank by putting on a dark horse, then the ladies rely on the prize for elegance, given to the most elegantly dressed visitor of the horse racing. The features of the Grand National Festival 2025 have not yet been well announced, but this is not an event that requires a large-scale advertising campaign. The public has been waiting for this festival for a whole year, and bets on horse racing increase bookmaker profits by half. Grand National 2025 is expected to be an even bigger success than the previous editions with organisers making significant changes to the horse racing action and the spectator access. Grand National is regarded as one of the greatest horse racing events in the world. It is so popular that Aintree racecourse plays host to a three-day festival surrounding this race. ‘When is the Grand National?’ is a question on the lips of many supporters, and the 2025 edition is set to take place in the second week of April. The Grand National remains as one of the richest races in the United Kingdom with a prize money of £1 million. Race Schedule Grand Opening Day Ladies Day Grand National Day Time 1 Race Class 13.45 EBC Group Manifesto Novices' Chase Grade1 14.20 Boodles Anniversary 4-Y-O Juvenile Hurdle Grade 1 14:55 Aintree Bowl Chase Grade 1 15.30 William Hill Aintree Hurdle Grade 1 16.05 Randox Foxhunters' Open Hunters' Chase - 16.40 Close Brothers Red Rum Handicap Chase Grade 3 17.15 Goffs Nickel Coin Mares' Standard NH Flat Race Listed Time Race Type 13:45 Mildmay Novices' Chase Grade 1 14:20 William Hill Handicap Hurdle - 14:55 Top Novices' Hurdle Grade 1 15:30 My Pension Expert Melling Chase Grade 1 16:05 Topham Handicap Chase (over National fences) Grade 3 16:40 Sefton Novices’ Hurdle Grade 1 17:15 Conditional Jockeys’ Handicap Hurdle - Time Race Type 13:45 Handicap Hurdle - 14:25 Betway Mersey Novices' Hurdle Grade 1 15:00 Maghull Novices' Chase Grade 1 15:35 Liverpool Hurdle Grade 1 16:00 Randox Grand National Grade 3 17:15 Conditional & Amateur Riders' Handicap Hurdle - The Best of Horse Racing Action Gears up for Grand National 2025 The Grand National 2025 starts on April 3 and concludes on April 5. During this three-day festival, organisers are planning to feature reduced seating capacity at the Tattersalls Enclosure. The same would also be implemented along the roof areas during the festival. Organisers claimed that it has been done in order to improve the spectator comfort at the Aintree Grand National. Apart from the best horses and trainers, fans also book their date in order to avoid missing out on a disappointment at the final moment. Find best bets tips on horse racing at our site. Getting Tickets for Grand National The latest news shows that the ticket sales for the three-day festival have been selling much faster than in previous years. The Ladies Day and Grand Opening Day are especially proving highly popular even at this early stage. The declarations claimed that fans should get in early in order to avoid the disappointment of missing out on the seats. Incidentally, the grandstand seats for one of the Grand National main race events have already been sold out even before a few months ago. There are only a limited number of terrace tickets available. Organisers of this horse race have revealed that there will now be a new festival zone in place of the Tattersalls Enclosure. This will provide an improved customer engagement and experienced throughout the horse racing Grand National Festival. Aintree Pavilion is one of the biggest draws for any spectator, and the festival is designed in such a way as to improve the viewer comfort at Grand National race course. It has been revealed that 34 runners will be taking part in the much-awaited Grand National weekend. ‘What times does it take place?’ is asked by many spectators due to the intense competition expected for the 2025 event. Randox Health will be the new sponsor for its main race and the festival itself for the next five years. The Opening Day This is the curtain-raiser to one of the top horse racing events in the world. Hence, a large crowd is expected for this event. This day witness spectacular action on the field with four Grade 1 events schedule alongside live entertainment options. There is also live music available during the Grand Opening day. Regarded as one of the breathtaking events, it sets the stage for the festival. As the event starts, horses and riders are extremely keen on winning the events today. Sporting endeavour is at a high with all the top horses from around the world trying to fight for the top spot. The launch date of Grand National 2025 has been set as April 3. However, some of the best sweepstakes will take place at a later stage. Ladies Day Aside from appreciating the fastest horses in the world, Ladies Day is also part of the three-day Grand National Festival and it is used to commemorate the stylish women at the event. The 2016 event witnessed as much as 5000 spectators. In order to enhance the spectacle, the organisers are planning to cut down on the crowds so as to provide a more comfortable and luxurious environment. The 2025 Ladies Day is scheduled on April 4 when it will be one of the Grand National dates to remember. The iconic location of the Aintree racecourse coupled with a massively popular event like the Grand National all contributes to the popularity of the Ladies Day, which always witnesses a lot of competition in the style stakes. A Style Award is given to the fashionista who is the most impressive. Apart from the award, there are also Grand National races to consider. Events like The Topham Steeple Chase, Sefton Novices’ Hurdle, and Melling Steeple Chase will be packing the Grand National race card with top-quality action. Grand National Day As the action builds up with the Grand Opening day and the Ladies Day, the crowd is completely warmed up for the ultimate horse racing event in the world – Grand National Day. Scheduled on April 5 for the 2025 event, this event is set to witness some of the greatest horses the world has seen. Red Rum is regarded as one of the greatest racehorses the world has seen. Much of the celebrations surrounding this iconic horse came about only after he asserted his superiority by winning the Grand National three times. The world often comes to a standstill when the Grand National is taking place, and this is especially true of the Grand National Day. An estimated 600 million followers make it one of the most watched spectacles in the world. Grand National preview predicts a strong line-up of 34 horses and jockeys will race across some of the iconic fences like Valentine’s, Canal Turn, Becher’s Brook, and The Chair. Those who managed to get a ticket for the Grand National day are considered extremely lucky, as the get to witness the Grand National Aintree drama unfold in front of their eyes before watching the world’s best course claim a win. There are numerous options to witness the Grand National day with the likes of Grand National day Festival Zone being enhanced. One can also opt for the hospitality packages, which provide VIP treatment for the viewers. Grand National day is often a place where even celebrities eye for a ticket and it is not surprising since racing post-Grand National is never the same. It is totally unscripted Grand National weekend action. Yet, it remains as one of the greatest horse racing events that one should witness as someone eager for Grand National day race times. Nick Rockett Takes the Win: 2025 Race Recap At the 2025 Grand National, held on April 5th at Aintree Racecourse, the surprise winner was Nick Rockett with odds of 33/1. He was ridden by Patrick Mullins, son of the legendary trainer Willie Mullins. This marked a historic and emotional triumph for the Mullins family, as they impressively secured the top three spots in one of the most prestigious races in the world. Last year’s champion, I Am Maximus, finished second, while Grangeclare West took third—both also trained by Willie Mullins. The win was especially meaningful for owner Stewart Andrew, who dedicated the victory to his late wife Sadie, whose dream was to own a horse trained by Mullins. Out of the six Mullins-trained runners, five finished in the top seven, highlighting his extraordinary dominance at this year’s event and further cementing his legacy in racing history. FAQ and Interesting Facts about Grand National How long does Grand National take? The world-famous jumps race Grand National at Aintree near Liverpool lasts for 3 days. In 2025, it starts on Thursday the fourth of April with the ‘Opening Day’. The second day is called ‘Ladies’ Day’ and it’s on Friday the fifth, then follows the ‘Grand National Day’ which is on Saturday the sixth of April. What won Grand National 2018? 38 horses participated in the National races but Tiger Roll managed to gain victory at the Grand National at Aintree in 2018. Tiger Roll managed to get ahead of the steed, named Pleasant Company. What race is the Grand National? Grand National is considered to be one of the most significant events of equestrian sport in the world. It’s held at Aintree near Liverpool (England) every year. This competition involves a four-mile race, during which the stallions have to overcome thirty fences. This magnificent event is broadcast worldwide and gathers a crowd of people to savor the event. Has any horse won the Gold Cup and Grand National? Yes — but only one horse in history has managed to win both prestigious races in the same season. That horse was Golden Miller, who won the Cheltenham Gold Cup and the Grand National in 1934. Several other horses have won both races, but in different years — for example, L’Escargot won the Gold Cup in 1970 and 1971, and the Grand National in 1975. Has a female jockey won the Grand National? Yes! In 2021, Rachael Blackmore made history by becoming the first female jockey to win the Grand National. She rode Minella Times to victory at Aintree, beating 39 rivals and firmly securing her name in racing history. Before that, the best result by a female jockey had been Katie Walsh’s third-place finish in 2012 on Seabass. How many horses can run in the Grand National? The maximum number of horses participating in the race is forty now. But a record was set in 1929 when 66 runners participated in the sports celebration. How many horses have died in the Grand National? Annually, forty steeds rival in the big event of equestrian sport at the Aintree. There exist horses’ injuries and deaths participating in the Grand National. The number of steeds perished in this sports festival since 2000 is eleven. Seven of them perished in the period between 2000 and 2010, and 2010 and 2017 have brought four more deaths. If you’d like to know more about interesting historical facts about Grand National, we recommend you to check our History section. Aintree’s remarkable event The Grand National is one of the many races which are held during the Hunt season. Every year the fans of horse racing visit Aintree, located five miles from the Liverpool’s center to enjoy the Grand National races. It’s quite easy to get there because it has a well-developed rail and public transport linkage. There is heavy traffic on the roads during this event. But it’s not surprising because nearly 70,000 fans of horse racing strive to see this exciting sports event. The Grand National is considered to be one of the longest races in the UK. But the real obstacle for every jockey and horse, participating in the Grand National is the fences. The steeds must overcome sixteen various fences of various height and breadth and make thirty jumps. This race is one of the most difficult challenges for runners in the world. You can acquire the tickets for this magnificent event online at our Tickets section. It’s recommended to book them in advance because they are being sold quickly. Plan Your Day 1. What to wear (Grand National dress code) Plan Your Day” title=”Plan Your Day”>Plan Your Day”> Though there is no official dress code, your outfit must be elegant enough. The exquisite clothing and hats are often being worn at this event. Sportswear is unacceptable for the Grand National meeting. All well-dressed people have an opportunity to compete for the Style Award which is given on the second day of the Grand National, which is called ‘Ladies’ Day’. It’s a great chance to look your best and maybe even to win 50 free spins no deposit . 2. Where to go and see Where to go and see” title=”Where to go and see”>Where to go and see”> First of all, decide what spot will be the most interesting for you. If you intend to see the steed and the equestrian who are approaching the finish line first, choose the appropriate spot next to the finish line. If you intend to have more fun, choose the Red Rum Lawn. The renowned Ladies Day Style Award is held there. The Parade Ring is a place where the horses and their jockeys parade before the race. It’s your chance to see the runners and decide whom you are going to place a wager on if you an avid bettor. Choose Trackside if you intend to watch the tourney from the rails. 3. Food and Drink No one will be hungry because there are a lot of food options at the Grand National. They include a wide range of international cuisine. Choose one of the restaurants or visit one of the food stands. They offer a good food choice from burgers, fish and chips to pizza, curry and noodles. It’s prohibited by the rules to bring the alcohol onto the premises. The picnics are also not allowed at the Aintree Grand National Races. PHOTO GALLERY Home History Odds and Tips Runners Tickets Hotels TV Live Privacy Policy 2017 Grand National 2018 Grand National 2019 Grand National 2021 Grand National Sitemap Oddsdigger grand-national.club © 2025