Software for Foundations & Social Good Organizations | Foundant Technologies Foundant, SmartSimple, and GivingData are joining forces! | Learn more X Products What We Offer CommunitySuite Robust fund accounting, CRM, endowment, and fee management activities for foundations Grant Lifecycle Manager Full-cycle grants management for grantmaking foundations Scholarship Lifecycle Manager Full-cycle scholarship management for scholarship providers SmartSimple Cloud Configurable solution for more complex grantmaking needs for private and family foundations as well as research and government organizations Solutions Solutions by Need Solutions by Organization Type Grant management Scholarship management Fund accounting Fundraising and event management Donor and relationship management Constituent relationship management Community Foundations Education Foundations Family and Private Foundations Government Organizations Research Organizations Resources Resources Blog Insights, tips, and thought leadership for philanthropic professionals Client stories See how organizations like yours are achieving impact with Foundant Compass community A space to connect, share ideas, and grow together eBooks In-depth resources packed with practical strategies and expert advice Sign up for emails Webinars Watch webinars anytime—featuring real-world solutions, and experts in the space Podcast Tune into candid conversations with changemakers in philanthropy Product news Stay up to date on the latest Foundant software updates, features, and innovations designed to support your work Trending resources Responsible AI for foundations eBook Download >> About Us About Us The Foundant approach Discover how our people-first philosophy, industry expertise, and client collaboration guide everything we do How Foundant gives back Explore how we support our community through volunteerism, philanthropy, and a culture of giving News Catch up on Foundant’s latest announcements, media mentions, and milestones making headlines Careers Join a passionate team that’s helping those who help others Talk with sales EN EN-GB Talk with Sales Software for Foundations and other Social Good Organizations Streamline Workflows. Maximize Impact. Using technology to maximize efficiency and reduce barriers. Grants Management Donor Management Fundraising and Event Management Accounting Scholarship Management Learn more Trusted By foundations and other Social Good Organizations Add your organization eBook Responsible AI for Foundations Unlocking AI for Philanthropy: Safely building your foundation’s digital brain without  compromising data security Download the guide Software that fits your organization’s needs Through years of experience, we have examined the core functions of organizations like yours and seamlessly created cloud-based solutions to benefit our clients, regardless of your size or the complexity of your needs. CommunitySuite Break down silos by managing your overall financials, fund accounting, CRM, fundraising, events, and online donor and nonprofit portal activities in a single, intuitive solution. Created and continually updated with your unique needs in mind so you can build strong connections and maximize your impact. Grant Lifecycle Manager An all-in-one solution to securely manage your entire grantmaking process. With unlimited user access, including applicants, reviewers, grant recipients, staff, and board members, GLM ensures flexibility and accessibility. Its user-configurable design caters to the unique needs of grantees while providing insights into historical funding and impact. Scholarship Lifecycle Manager Designed to organize, manage, and streamline your scholarship or bursary workflow in one easy-to-use, cloud-based solution so you can free up time to focus on student success. Unlimited users can access the system anytime, anywhere. SLM saves time for applicants, reviewers, and administrators. SmartSimple Cloud SmartSimple Cloud is a cloud-based automation and collaboration platform. Next-generation technology builds on nearly two-decades of empowering organizations to solve their complex process challenges. Explore SmartSimple Solutions New | GivingData GivingData is a purpose-built grants management system that unites funders and grantees in a shared mission to focus on what matters most — working collaboratively to solve problems and increase impact. Streamline your grantmaking process, build trust-based relationships, and strengthen the work of your entire foundation through GivingData’s next-generation grants management software. Explore GivingData Solutions Amplify your impact with Foundant $17.5B 2024 Grant & Scholarship Awards Powered by Foundant, GivingData, and SmartSimple 3,350+ Number of organizations in Foundant, GivingData, and SmartSimple community 98.1% Client Satisfaction Rate in 2024 Solutions to help you maximize your impact Creating solutions that benefit our clients, regardless of your size or the complexity of your needs. Grant Management For Grantmaking Organizations We streamline the grantmaking process, so you can strengthen grantee relationships and better support multiple stakeholders – including real-time engagement with reviewers and board members. From eliminating manual grant tracking and cumbersome spreadsheets to streamlining complex grant workflows, we improve the flow of your processes so you can focus on supporting grantees. Fund Accounting For Funders We help you seamlessly manage financial activities in the same system with your other organizational needs. Fund accounting, donor accounts, ticketing, and other revenue tracked and managed alongside other activities means less silos, better communication, and more opportunities to collaborate. Scholarship Management For Scholarship Providers We reduce the manual tasks and time to manage scholarship programs so you can shrink your workload and focus on successfully managing scholarships, bursaries, or grants to individuals with efficient workflows. Fundraising & Event Management For Grantmaking Organizations We amplify your fundraising and events by streamlining the process to remove barriers like staff turnover, communication gaps, or reporting frustrations. From live event ticketing sales and giving campaigns to tracking and reporting, relax knowing it’s all happening in one place with accurate data, so you can focus on the results. Donor Management For Funders We help you understand your donors at scale by tracking important moments, communications, and details. With clear records of donor interactions, you can provide a seamless experience and transparency which builds trust and long-term commitment. Personalize communications, identify trends, and rally support for your mission through a seamless tool built with your impact and growth in mind. Our grant management just got even better Foundant, SmartSimple, and GivingData have joined forces—a reflection of our deep collective commitment and shared passion for centering the people we serve in all we do. We are excited to support foundations of all kinds–through thoughtful, collaborative, and innovative approaches that drive philanthropic impact. Solutions to support a diverse group of grantmaker types, sizes, and missions: Grant Lifecycle Manager GivingData SmartSimple Cloud Our approach Creating Impact Together Our team has one guiding focus in all we do – to make our clients successful. We achieve this with a relentless team focus on giving time back to our clients so you can focus on serving your community. From our first engagement with an organization, we seek to understand the challenges your stakeholders face, the needs you have, and the future you envision. We ask questions, we listen to the answers, we make connections, and we build partnerships. For all types of social good organizations Find a solution that fits your foundation or social good organization Community Foundations Scholarship Granting Organizations Education Foundations Family Foundations Health Care Foundations Grantmaking Organizations College Foundations Faith – Based Community Foundations Support & Success Your experience and success is our single guiding focus. We are proud of the solutions we offer and believe they make a difference, but we also know they only make a difference if you feel empowered and knowledgeable using them. We are passionate about your success and excited to support you in achieving it! Product Feedback Loop You are the best indicator of whether our software meets the correct needs. Our Idea Lab allows you to share your suggestions with our Product Team directly. The Product Team then categorizes and prioritizes these requests, slotting them into the roadmap where they make the most sense for our users. Connected Community Connecting with other users online or networking with peers in person is essential. We provide several ways to engage with our connected community, including our online community – Compass, regional training events, Coffee Talk webinars, biennial Summit National Users Group, and more! Our clients’ Success is at the Heart of everything we do Hear from our clients Deliver the expertise, standards, data, and technology needed to connect philanthropy. Make it our mission to help you create impact. Co-create with partners who share our passion, vision, and mission. Provide solutions to our clients’ challenges by implementing their feedback into our solutions. Hear our clients’ stories Foundant Fans Become a happy client! The transition to Foundant solutions was truly an organizational endeavor. In adopting this integrated system, we learned to work as one team across all departments, with Foundant as our partner every step of the way. In Foundant we have found a shared commitment in optimizing the impact we have in our community.” Jay Williams Hartford Foundation for Public Giving I can’t say how much I love the Foundant products. They have revolutionized our foundation processes & brought us into this century. But the icing on the cake is that every Foundant employee I have worked with is truly a super nice person who knows their stuff. It is a blessing to work with them.” Evanna Hardin Mid-Nebraska Community Foundation Coming from a ‘quaint’ operation working on QuickBooks, Foundant has truly revolutionized all aspects of our operations. We are a better and stronger organization thanks our Foundant partnership.” Dan Peters Hastings Community Foundation We continue to learn how to do our jobs better through Foundant, which is the best part of this investment. It’s unique to think you could be a better fundraiser because you have a better tool at your fingertips. We can take technology for granted, but for the first time in my career, a software solution has not only helped me do my job better, it also has not held me back from doing a better job. It’s a game changer. That’s what Foundant has been able to do for us and for me personally. It feels like a big win for the foundation’s future.” Chris Quaka Benton Community Foundation Delivering on our promise to be more than a software Provider Explore resources for foundations other social good organizations Recent Industry Education See all resources Ready to get started? Connect with our Sales team. Join the over 2,600 clients using Foundant’s enterprise solutions supported by our commitment to collaborative development and exceptional client experience. Products CommunitySuite Grant Lifecycle Manager Scholarship Lifecycle Manager SmartSimple Cloud Solutions Grant management Scholarship management Fund accounting Fundraising & event management Donor & relationship management Constituent relationship management Solutions by Organization Type Community Foundations Education Foundations Family & Private Foundations Government Organizations Research Organizations Request a demo Resources Blog Client stories Compass community eBooks Podcast Product news Webinars Sign up for emails Featured Articles The rise of AI grant applications Fund accounting best practices Use AI to multiply impact: a strategic guide Essential grant management tools Grant Management 101 See all resources Company About Branding Careers Contact Foundant approach Giving back News Partners Trust and security Anti-Slavery Act Foundant Support Hub Linkedin | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook © 2025 Foundant Technologies, Inc. | Privacy | Security | Your Privacy Choices