Products
RATINGS AND REVIEWS
Ratings and Reviews
Leverage authentic opinions, photos, and videos to sell your product.
 Retail Syndication
Distribute content everywhere your products are sold.
 Always On Content
Activate fresh product reviews from the Influenster community.
 Authenticate-Receive
Scale confidently with authentic, trusted content.
 Receive-Only
Get trusted, fresh content on more products.
 Questions and Answers
Respond to questions on your site or across the retail network.
 Connections
Join the conversation both on your own site and at retailers.
SOCIAL CONTENT
Bazaarvoice Vibe™
Bazaarvoice Vibe is an integrated social content solution built to optimize every stage of your content supply chain.
 Social Commerce
Turn social content into shoppable experiences that drive sales – wherever shoppers are.
 Creator Marketing
Unleash the incredible power of creator marketing.
 Social Media Management
Manage everything you need to win on social.
SAMPLING
Sampling
Get products to advocates and accumulate authentic reviews and visual content.
 Managed Sampling
Take the hassle out of sampling programs for retailers.
 Digital Product Sampling
Target and activate the right shoppers, drive traffic in-store or online.
CONTEXTUALIZATION
Contextual Commerce
Tailored shopping experiences that drive conversion.
AI & INSIGHTS
Insights and Reports
Actionable insight into your performance, sentiment, advocates, and competitors.
 Bazaarvoice HarmonyAI
Discover the impact user-generated content could have on your sales both online and in-store.
Learn & Support
LEARN AND SUPPORT
Solutions
Discover tailored answers to your toughest business challenges and how our solutions drive real results.
 Services
Browse our specific services and detailed processes, from initial consultation to final implementation.
 Industries
Bazaarvoice support all industries, but review how we our expertise are used in specific industries.
 Calculate the Value
Discover the impact user-generated content could have on your sales both online and in-store.
RESEARCH
Resources Hub
Getting cutting edge resources and insights to accelerate your success.
 Blog
Stay up to date with the latest strategies, research, and trends – your pulse on UGC in E Commerce.
 Case Studies
Our clients’ success speaks for itself.
 Events
Join us in-person, live-streaming, or on demand.
Company
Contact us
Pricing
Log in
Bazaarvoice Portal
Bazaarvoice Vibe
EN
English
French
German
Get started
BAZAARVOICE CONTEXTUAL COMMERCE™ FOR ENTERPRISE
Real-time, AI-powered shopping experiences that unlock hidden revenue

Granify is now part of the Bazaarvoice platform

Use shoppers’ real-time behavioral data to deliver perfectly timed, intelligently tailored shopping experiences that delight both known and anonymous shoppers, all while boosting incremental sales from your website traffic.

	
	
	
1:33
	
Trusted by the world's largest retailers including:
The Contextual Commerce decision engine

Turn browsers into buyers with the market's most advanced AI powered by 12 years of trillions of data points and the industry's largest library of conversion-driving campaigns.

Behavioral insights are ingested & analyzed

Our machine learning technology collects valuable insights into each shopper's digital body language, ingesting and analyzing hundreds of behavioral data points per second.

Pathways to conversion are identified

The AI then compares each shopper's unique digital behavior to existing data sets to determine if and when an interaction is likely to drive conversion.

Highly relevant messages are delivered at the perfect time

Leveraging the industry's largest library of contextualization techniques—including social proof, urgency, targeted promotions, and more—every interaction is optimized for maximum impact, and the AI steps in only when mathematically optimal.

ENHANCE EVERY MOMENT
Intelligent tech that drives incremental revenue

With advanced machine learning, you can deliver the highly relevant experiences today’s shoppers crave, at exactly the right moment. It’s tech that improves over time so you’ll see more revenue from it – true incremental revenue – above and beyond the results you’re already seeing today.

REACH MORE SHOPPERS
Personalized experiences for both known and unknown shoppers

Built for flexibility, Contextual Commerce works seamlessly with your existing tech stack, whether you’re starting fresh or augmenting your current personalization efforts. Either way, everyone who visits your website or app gets the best experience (whether new to the site or not).

WE HANDLE IT ALL
A truly all-inclusive managed service, for maximum results

Successful campaigns demand expertise and relentless execution. With our fully-managed Contextual Commerce service, you get both. With over a decade of personalized shopping journey crafting experience, our experts handle everything for you – from strategy to execution – delivering maximum results.

Our comprehensive service, which encompasses data scientists, campaign experts, ecommerce specialists, and more, is key to unlocking maximum conversions and ROI. With continuous optimization and transparent reporting, we’re committed to driving results.

How much are you missing out on?

Tell us about your business and we’ll calculate how much extra revenue Bazaarvoice Contextual Commerce could earn you!

1.
Select an industry...
Fashion & Apparel
Department Stores
Sporting Goods
Home Furnishing
Electronics
Airlines
International (non-English)
2.
Your annual online sales
 
3.
Proven impact

At Bazaarvoice, we don't just promise results – we scientifically prove them. Our unique 'Test and Control' A/B methodology allows us to precisely measure the true, incremental revenue Contextual Commerce unlocks for your business that wouldn't have occurred otherwise. Unlike other solutions that rely on estimations or correlations, our rigorous approach isolates our specific contribution, providing unambiguous proof of the additional value we deliver by transforming browsers into buyers.

FAQs
What is contextual commerce?
What is digital body language?
>
Products
>
Contextual Commerce

PLATFORM

Sampling
Always-on Content
Creator Partnerships
Ratings & Reviews
Questions & Answers
Social Commerce
Retail Syndication
Social Media Management
In-store & Digital Activations
Insights & Reports
Services
Managed Sampling
Creator Marketing
Contextual Commerce

RESOURCES

Resources Hub
Blog
Case Studies
What is UGC?

COMPANY

About Bazaarvoice
The Bazaarvoice Advantage
FAQs
Trust
Careers
Press
Bazaarvoice Events
Product Updates
Partner Program
Contact
Pricing

CLIENT SERVICES & SUPPORT

Customer Support
Knowledge Base
Developers
System Status
© Bazaarvoice. All rights reserved.
Legal
Privacy
Authenticity
Terms
Cookie settings

This website uses cookies to enhance the user experience, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more information, read our privacy policy.

Accept all cookies
Cookie settings