Grand Forks Herald | News, weather & sports from Grand Forks and East Grand Forks $1/month for 6 months SUBSCRIBE NOW Read Today's Paper Wednesday, December 31 📣 Advertise With Us Top 25 Women in Business Bid and Buy 🏆 Best of the Best Advertise With Us Digital Advertising Print Advertising Printing Services TV Advertising Video Services Place a Public Notice Pay My Advertising Bill Get Our Advertising Newsletter Sponsored Content News Local Minnesota North Dakota South Dakota National World The Vault Agweek WDAY Live Forum News Network Weather Sports Prep Prep standings College FCS Standings UND Hockey Pro Northland Outdoors WDAY+ Obituaries Health Business Announcements Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Lifestyle Arts / Entertainment Home / Garden Astro Bob Comics On the Minds of Moms Free Games Community Milestones Calendar Contests Announcements From The Archives Today In History Archives FAQ Podcasts Listings Classifieds Public Notices JobsHQ Local Interest Prairie Business Best of the Best Account FCC Network Profile Newsletters Help Subscriber Benefits Sections $1/month for 6 months SUBSCRIBE NOW Log in Account $1/month for 6 months SUBSCRIBE NOW Read Today's Paper Wednesday, December 31 | 📣 Advertise With Us 📣 Advertise With Us Top 25 Women in Business Bid and Buy 🏆 Best of the Best ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT LIVE NOW: Forum News Network Subscribers Only UND Hockey What could UND's lineup look like this weekend against Mercyhurst? The Fighting Hawks are missing four players at the World Juniors, while two more are making their way home from Switzerland. 11h ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman North Dakota Hillsboro man held on $100,000 bond after alleged murder attempt Robert Ernest Taylor is accused of striking someone in the head with a knife. 4h ago · By Sav Kelly North Dakota Wrigley releases 2024 crime report, a mix of 'encouraging' and 'troubling' new data The attorney general said the "biggest danger to the public" is violent criminals being released after serving small fractions of their sentences. 5h ago · By Tasha Carvell College Devils Lake's Wylee Delorme finding a role with UND Fighting Hawks host Oral Roberts on Thursday to start Summit League play 7h ago · By Tom Miller Latest Headlines News, sports, opinion, and more 2h Weather Weather gallery for December 31, 2025 2h Pro Wild drop shootout decision to Sharks 2h Sports Photos: USA, Sweden World Junior Championship hockey on Dec. 31, 2025 3h Pro Wild’s Marcus Johansson hopes strong first half catches eye of Team Sweden 3h Pro Timberwolves housed by Hawks for third loss in four games ADVERTISEMENT Must Reads Local Flu cases continue to rise in Grand Forks County; Altru visitor restrictions remain in place 5h ago · By Jordan Rusche The Vault 2025 brought a cavalcade of crime 8h ago · By Jeremy Fugleberg UND Hockey HC Davos sinks U.S. Collegiate Selects with late goals in Spengler Cup final 12h ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman Subscribers Only UND Hockey Herald Sportspersons of the Year: Eric Schmidt and Dane Jackson ring in a new era at UND 13h ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman Explore the best places to eat, stay, and play. Check out the winners in the Best of the Best contest May 19 Discover South Dakota’s must-visit zoos 13h ago · By Adria Peters Gearing up for ice fishing? Check out these Lake of the Woods ice fishing destinations 2d ago · By Adria Peters Cozy Midwest winter getaways: Cabins, lodges & small-town escapes 5d ago · By Alaina Bergquist ADVERTISEMENT Grand Forks Weather ADVERTISEMENT Starting 2026 with cold temps and some light snow 14m ago Minnesota Minnesota’s new emergency operations center built to withstand storms, power outages It replaces the one in downtown St. Paul to expand space and improve resiliency 2d ago · By Lulu Jaeckel / St. Paul Pioneer Press Weather Blizzard Brad sweeps in with strong north wind, blowing snow Monday, it'll be cold, but less windy, according to the NWS. 3d ago · By Hannah Shirley More top news Minnesota Minnesota Democrats, child care providers push back on federal child care freeze Child care providers estimated Wednesday that over 20,000 children in over 4,000 programs could be affected by a freeze. One said they would need to close in a month. North Dakota Court documents say Jamestown teacher acknowledged 'highly likely' he had sexual relationship with minor Minnesota Who left the water on in Osakis, Minn.? City sees unexplained 50K gallon surge in usage ADVERTISEMENT Minnesota Bemidji High School graduate dances in Snoop Dogg's epic halftime show Moraya Holleman danced her way through much of the 10-minute show that also included Lainey Wilson, Andrea Bocelli and his son Matteo, and the girl group from “KPop Demon Hunters.” 6h ago · By Dennis Doeden Minnesota Handful of Republican lawmakers call on Gov. Walz to resign Senate Minority Leader Mark Johnson, R-East Grand Forks, said he thinks resignation “would be best”; Speaker of the House Lisa Demuth later joined the call for Walz to step down. 7h ago · By Mary Murphy ADVERTISEMENT OBITUARIES Michael L. Neumann 4h ago Randy D. Rood 5h ago Jaqueline S. "Jacki" Kuehnel 6h ago Gail Hobus 7h ago Mary Ann Jallo 10h ago Raymond Sherva 10h ago Today's Poll Learn about these polls here . ADVERTISEMENT Business $400K live lobster heist has Minnesota connection The CEO of an Indiana-based freight brokerage company managing the shipment from a facility in Massachusetts said it was headed to Costco stores in the Midwest. One of North Dakota's oldest bars celebrated 90 years in 2025 Tariffs made it a wild year for Minnesota baby products manufacturer Barber academy is owner's 'second chance' Government and Politics Port: Attorney general's handling of North Dakota's crime report has been transparently self-serving Trump admin auditing cases of Somali US citizens for potential denaturalization Human Rights Commission chair calls Fargo city leaders 'cowards' for not supporting Somali community UND Hockey UND Hockey Keaton Verhoeff becomes sixth-youngest defenseman to play for Canada at World Juniors 1d ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman UND Hockey U.S. Collegiate Selects beat Sparta Praha to reach Spengler Cup championship 1d ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman UND Hockey U.S. Collegiate Selects are a hit with local fans in Switzerland 2d ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman Subscribers Only UND Hockey U.S. Selects win group at Spengler Cup, earn bye to semifinals 3d ago · By Brad Elliott Schlossman Get Local The Vault A John Doe no more, but what was Luis Robledo doing in Minnesota? On April 6, 2015, skeletal remains of a Hispanic man were found off I-90 near Albert Lea, Minnesota. Investigators say they've now identified the man. How advancements in DNA technology advanced cold cases in 2025 From state Capitol to ‘funeral pyre’ in three hours The magic of cinemas lives on in North Dakota, but challenges await Crime and Courts North Dakota Lisa Fair McEvers to start new year as North Dakota's first female chief justice 1d ago · By Matt Henson Local Grand Forks woman sentenced to 86 months for involvement in fatal fentanyl overdose 1d ago · By Sav Kelly Minnesota Prosecutors seek harsher sentence, new charge in St. Cloud priest abuse case 1d ago · By Trent Abrego Minnesota Chisago City man charged with fatal assault of hospital security guard 1d ago · By Kristi Miller / St. Paul Pioneer Press ADVERTISEMENT Sports Five young players who need to shine for Vikings against Packers The list goes far beyond J.J. McCarthy if he’s able to return in time Tuesday's local scoreboard for Dec. 30 Red Lake County boys basketball building confidence with each win Frost score in bunches, take down Toronto Northland Outdoors Doug Leier: A first for North Dakota Minnesota DNR officers enforce shelter tags, fishing regulations Minnesota DNR finalizes off-highway vehicle strategic master plans Health Doctors caution NYE partygoers about subzero temperatures Jury awards $16.5 million in St. Luke’s malpractice case Grand Forks Pickleball Club to offer learn-to-play events in January Education Minnesota high schoolers prepare for once-in-lifetime learning trip to Africa Ashby High School students are raising $4,000 each and preparing for a two-week conservation and adventure trip to South Africa. Port: This is why the school lunch ballot measure is going to pass Minnesota student earns rare perfect ACT score Dickinson student awarded grant to support medical research Opinion Columns LaDuke: US owes a debt to Venezuela 10h ago · By Winona LaDuke Columns Counterpoint: Trump Derangement Syndrome is real, and it's spectacular 3d ago · By Jared Whitley, Inside Sources Columns Point: Is Trump Derangement Syndrome real? 3d ago · By By Solomon D. Stevens Columns Shaw: Cramer and Hoeven vote to make health insurance unaffordable for tens of thousands of North Dakotans 4d ago · By Jim Shaw ADVERTISEMENT Coverage of the agribusiness industry, from farming and ranching to technology and policy. Crops Olmsted County soil health program poised for regional expansion 15h ago · By Noah Fish Dry Edible Beans Average dry bean harvest runs into pricing problems due to tariffs, food aid shifts 15h ago · By Ann Bailey Columns Orange cream sunrises, star gazing and marking time 15h ago · By Darla Tyler-McSherry Columns It would not be possible to ever fit into Dad’s shoes 1d ago · By Mychal Wilmes Lifestyle Briggs: From nude swimming to my favorite Miss America, I won’t forget these stories America turns 250 — Help us mark the milestone Historic WWII plane being restored by Lake Superior Squadron North Dakota Flock to Medora: Audubon Bird Count near Theodore Roosevelt National Park this weekend Northwest North Dakota highway reopens after oil field explosion America at 250: The Dakotas were far removed from the tumult of the Revolutionary War in 1776, but there were ties Minnesota St. Cloud shelters need more volunteers to meet increasing winter demand America at 250: 1776 set the stage for change in Minnesota Minnesota Sen. John Hoffman announces 2026 re-election campaign after surviving an assassination attempt UND Football UND picks up commitment from Iowa Western defensive back UND posts job for football program's wide receivers coach Star pass rusher Lance Rucker to return to UND for senior season Special Sections Prairie Business Nov 9, 2021 Agweek Dakota Spotlight Dec 2, 2021 The Vault Nov 9, 2021 Account Manage My Account Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Policies and Standards Subscriber Benefits News Subscription Options Email Newsletters E-Paper Our News Network Advertising Advertise With Us Pay My Advertising Bill Get Our Advertising Newsletter JobsHQ Classifieds Public Notices Contact Get Help Contact Us Careers Twitter Instagram Facebook © 2026 Grand Forks Herald and Forum Communications Company |    3535 S 31st St, Ste 205, Grand Forks, ND 58201     |    (701) 780-1100  |  ISSN 2642-7249 We see that you have javascript disabled. Please enable javascript and refresh the page to continue reading local news. If you feel you have received this message in error, please contact the customer support team at 1-833-248-7801.