Home | Grants.gov An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Search Site Content Help Register Login Search Warning status In observance of Christmas Day and New Year's Day, the Grants.gov Contact Center will be closed December 24-26 and January 1. For support during this closure, applicants may browse the Self-Service Knowledge Base or consult the Grants.gov Online User Guide . Discover Your Next Grant Explore federal grant opportunities with our enhanced, user-friendly search. Search Now Informative status Reminder: Federal agencies do not publish personal financial assistance opportunities on Grants.gov. Federal funding opportunities published on Grants.gov are for organizations and entities supporting the development and management of government-funded programs and projects. For more information about personal financial assistance benefits, please visit USA.gov. Search Grants Get Started Grant Policies Grant-Making Agencies Prevent Scams Community Blog Twitter Feed YouTube Videos User Guide Support Center How to Apply for Federal Funding Opportunities Key steps that will help you in the application process Learn more Are You Eligible for Federal Funding Opportunities? Determining your eligibility for federal grants is an important first step in the application process. Learn more Ways to Get Help When Using Grants.gov Grants.gov offers a wide range of help-focused resources Learn more Grant Writing Tips Principles and examples of grant-writing Learn more Learning Workspace - Application Workflow for Organizations "How To..." Blog Series How to manage passwords, find grantor contact information, find an applicant's UEI, and more Learn more Intro to Grants.gov - Applying for a Federal Grant on Grants.gov Grants Learning Center The Grants Learning Center is your gateway to the federal grants world Learn more Next System Maintenance: February 21-23, 2026 Software releases bring users new features and fixes Learn more Return to top Connect with Us Blog Twitter YouTube Alerts RSS XML Extract Get Adobe Reader Health & Human Services HHS.gov EEOC / No Fear Act Accessibility Privacy Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Disclaimers Site Map Community USA.gov WhiteHouse.gov USAspending.gov SBA.gov SAM.gov Report Fraud Additional Help Chat now with Grant Frequently Asked Questions Your session will expire in 3 minutes. To continue working, click on the "OK" button below. Note: This is being done to protect your privacy. Unsaved changes will be lost. Ok Open default modal