GraphQL | A query language for your API Learn Resource Hub Community Blog GraphQLConf 2025 GraphQL.JS Tutorial light light The query language for modern APIs Typesafe schemas, secure requests Frictionless distributed development Data driven UI at scale Try it out Read the Docs GraphQL is open source and trusted by the industry Facebook's mobile apps have been powered by GraphQL since 2012. The GraphQL specification was open-sourced in 2015. Now it is used by industry-leading companies worldwide and supported by the GraphQL Foundation, hosted since 2018 by the non-profit Linux Foundation. More GraphQL users Introduction What is GraphQL? GraphQL is an open‑source query language for APIs and a server‑side runtime. It provides a strongly‑typed schema to define relationships between data, making APIs more flexible and predictable. And it isn’t tied to a specific database or storage engine — it works with your existing code and data, making it easier to evolve APIs over time. query getCity ( $city : String ) { cities ( name : $city ) { population weather { temperature precipitation } } } { " data " : { " cities " : [ { " population " : 8675309 , " weather " : { " temperature " : 22.5 , " precipitation " : 1.2 } } ] } } Learn GraphQL How it works A GraphQL Query Describe your data type Project { name : String ! tagline : String contributors ( first : Int , after : ID ) : [ User ! ] ! } Ask for what you want Run query { project ( name : " GraphQL " ) { tagline } } Get predictable results { " project " : { " tagline " : " A query language for APIs " } } Press Ctrl Space to open the completions menu, ⌘ Ctrl Enter to run the query. Try GraphiQL Business perspective A proven solution for startups and enterprises The best user experience Deliver high-performing user experiences at scale. The world’s leading apps use GraphQL to create faster, more responsive digital experiences. Faster data retrieval and load times Improved bandwith efficiency Stability & Security Protect your APIs while maintaining full visibility into data consumption. GraphQL allows you to monitor, secure, and optimize API usage while ensuring compliance. Stronger access control Improved business intelligence & cost analysis Efficient distributed development Let your teams ship faster with GraphQL’s flexible, decoupled architecture. GraphQL allows frontend and backend teams to work independently and efficiently. More rapid iterations Improved cross-team collaboration Learn more about GraphQL design principles Five Pillars of GraphQL Product-centric GraphQL is unapologetically built for front-end engineers, aligning with their way of thinking, how views are structured and how data is consumed. Hierarchical Most product development involves the creation and manipulation of view hierarchies. GraphQL queries mirror UI structures, ensuring a natural way to request data that matches the shape of the response. Strong-typing Every GraphQL service defines a type system, enabling tools to syntactically validate queries before execution and ensuring predictable responses. Client-specified response A GraphQL service publishes the capabilities that its clients are allowed to consume. It is the client who control the data they receive, requesting only what they need at a field level, unlike traditional fixed endpoints. Self-documenting GraphQL APIs can describe themselves, allowing tools and clients to query the schema for available types and capabilities. It serves as a powerful platform for building common tools and client software libraries. Powered by the community GraphQL is an ecosystem shaped by thousands of collaborating developers and companies around the world. From solo contributors to full-time maintainers, the GraphQL community builds libraries, runs meetups, funds innovation and helps move the technology forward. Browse libraries Explore events & meetups Learn about the GraphQL Foundation GraphQL advantages Precision Ask for what you need, get exactly that Query { hero { name h e i g h t m a s s } } Response { " hero " : { " name " : " Luke Skywalker " , " height " : 1.72 , " mass " : 77 } } Send a GraphQL query to your API and get precisely the data you request — no over-fetching, no under-fetching. Predictable responses keep apps efficient and performant. Learn GraphQL Optimization Retrieve multiple resources in one request GraphQL seamlessly follows relationships between data, eliminating multiple API calls. While typical REST APIs require loading from multiple URLs, GraphQL APIs get all the data your app needs in a single request. Ideal for complex queries and optimizing network performance. Read the docs Productivity Move faster with powerful, community-built tools Know exactly what you can request without leaving editor. Highlight potential issues before sending a query and take advantage of improved code intelligence. GraphQL makes it easy to build powerful tools. And many of them, like GraphiQL, are open source and built by the GraphQL community. Explore GraphQL tools Consistency Build confidently with a type-safe schema Query { hero { name friends { name homeWorld { name climate } species { name lifespan origin { name } } } } } Schema type Query { hero : Character } type Character { name : String friends : [ Character ] homeWorld : Planet species : Species } type Planet { name : String climate : String } type Species { name : String lifespan : Int origin : Planet } GraphQL APIs are structured around types and fields, not endpoints. This ensures data consistency, self-documentation, and clear, actionable errors. Apps can use types to avoid writing manual parsing code. Learn more about GraphQL schemas Versionless Evolve without versions type Film { title : String episode : Int releaseDate : String } type Film { title : String episode : Int releaseDate : String openingCrawl : String } type Film { title : String episode : Int releaseDate : String openingCrawl : String director : String } type Film { title : String episode : Int releaseDate : String openingCrawl : String director : String directedBy : Person } type Person { name : String directed : [ Film ] actedIn : [ Film ] } type Film { title : String episode : Int releaseDate : String openingCrawl : String director : String @deprecated directedBy : Person } type Person { name : String directed : [ Film ] actedIn : [ Film ] } Add new fields and types without impacting existing queries. Deprecate outdated fields while keeping APIs clean and future-proof. By using a single evolving version, GraphQL APIs give apps continuous access to new features and encourage more maintainable server code. See more in docs Integration Bring your own data and code GRAPHQL C SHARP NODE.JS PYTHON RUST POSTGRES JAVASCRIPT C SHARP NODE.JS PYTHON RUST POSTGRES JAVASCRIPT GraphQL is storage-agnostic — integrate databases, REST APIs, and third-party services into a single, cohesive data layer. Write GraphQL APIs that leverage your existing data and code with GraphQL engines available in many languages. Learn more about this Data Colocation Data Colocation GraphQL fragments let you define each component’s data needs close to it, and satisfy them with a single query. Server <FriendList> <FriendListItem> <FriendInfo/> Click on Hover over the components to see their GraphQL fragments. Friends Trudie 120 mutual friends username funkytrudster89 email trudie@mail.com location New York, USA Frances 42 mutual friends username frannyfran12 email frances@mail.com location Madrid, Spain Fernando 114 mutual friends username fern_whirlwind email fernando@mail.com location Amsterdam, Netherlands query GetFriendList { ... FriendList } fragment FriendList on Query { friends { ... FriendListItem } } fragment FriendListItem on Friend { name profilePic mutualFriendsCount isSubscribed ... FriendInfo } fragment FriendInfo on Friend { username email location } Is GraphQL right for me? Choose a use case most relevant for your project and learn how GraphQL can help you build faster, modern solutions. A large backend with many services A mobile app A frontend-heavy app with advanced UI needs An app with real-time updates A simple full stack TypeScript app An AI-powered app A large backend with many services A large backend with many services GraphQL serves as a unified data layer across multiple services. This way you simplify API management and reduce dependencies between teams. It enables efficient data fetching while keeping the API surface flexible and maintainable. Best Practices for Large-Scale Systems A mobile app A mobile app GraphQL lets you request exactly what you need in one call with no overfetching to preserve battery and work on slow networks. With a persistent normalized cache, your app can work offline on planes and trains, and versionless schema evolution makes it easy to iterate without breaking old versions of the app. Performance Optimization A frontend-heavy app with advanced UI needs A frontend-heavy app with advanced UI needs GraphQL makes building complex UIs easier by allowing components to declare their data needs directly alongside their code with no performance hit. You can aggregate data from multiple services into a single request and maintain consistent state without creating custom endpoints for every view. GraphQL Queries An app with real-time updates An app with real-time updates Replace polling and complex WebSocket management with GraphQL subscriptions. Your app gets notified instantly when data changes, using the same queries and types you already have. Real-time becomes part of your API instead of a separate system to maintain. Real-time with Subscriptions A simple full stack TypeScript app A simple full stack TypeScript app Define your GraphQL schema once and GraphQL Codegen does the rest. Your frontend gets perfectly typed API calls, your backend stays in sync, and any schema changes immediately show up as TypeScript errors throughout your app. Full-stack type safety reduces bugs and makes pivots and refactors easier. Schema-First Development An AI-powered app An AI-powered app GraphQL’s self-describing schemas, strong typing, and composability make it perfect for Model Context Protocol servers and applications with LLMs at their cores. Models can explore your API capabilities, understand data relationships, and dynamically interact with your system. GraphQL & AI Quotes from the industry Loved by world‑class devs GraphQL gives us enterprise performance with start-up agility: streamlined queries, lean payloads, live updates, and lightning-fast responses help our customers focus on building their applications, not building around them. Matteo Collina Platformatic, Co-Founder & CTO Matteo Collina Platformatic, Co-Founder & CTO GraphQL is the best developer tool for creating and managing performant APIs at scale, both for producers and consumers. It can query any source and expose anything back, including real time data. It gives understanding of your API usage that no other spec can provide. Uri Goldshtein The Guild, Founder & CEO Uri Goldshtein The Guild, Founder & CEO The rich ecosystem of powerful tooling enables companies to deliver delightful long-lived APIs rapidly without sacrificing performance or scalability. From solo devs to huge organizations, GraphQL has proven itself time and time again as the right API for mobile and web apps. Benjie Gillam Graphile, Director Benjie Gillam Graphile, Director Join the community GraphQL is community-driven, backed by thousands of developers and companies worldwide. Become part of a network shaping the future of API development. Discord Explore community resources light Learn Introduction Best Practices Frequently Asked Questions FAQ Training Courses Code GitHub Specification Libraries & Tools Services & Vendors Community Resources Events Contribute to GraphQL Landscape Shop & More Blog GraphQL Foundation Community Grant Brand Guidelines Code of Conduct Join GraphQLConf 2025 September 08–10 Amsterdam, Netherlands light Copyright © 2025 The GraphQL Foundation. All rights reserved.