Graphene Themes Solutions Return to home Returning customer? Login » WordPress Themes Franz Josef Graphene Theme Graphene Plus Follow Graphene Theme on Twitter Join the Graphene Theme's user group on Facebook Home Blog Support Download Contact Graphene Plus Graphene Franz Josef Graphene Plus Graphene, supercharged. Upgrade your website with Graphene Plus. Learn more Graphene Theme Our biggest update yet. Graphene 2.0 is here. Learn more Download now Franz Josef Beautiful experience. Create with Franz Josef. Learn more Next Previous Every WordPress theme should facilitate creative writing , not hinder it . Graphene Theme Since the theme's inception, we have received countless suggestions and requests on features that really matter. We listened, and we delivered. Graphene is a premium theme with the best price tag: free. Download Graphene for free Latest Release: Version 2.9.4 Graphene Statistics 1,529,259 Total downloads 2.9.4 Latest version Updated 21 Mar, 2024 4.7/5 WordPress.org rating Testimonials 0 1 2 3 4 This theme is really well thought out. The options are endless and the layout so flexible that it's suitable for just about any type of website. Better than the $$$ commercial themes I have tried. The only limitation is my imagination. bannh Syahir helped me customize Graphene WP sites for 2 of my companies. I totally recommend him. He does great work very quickly and his $45/hr is a really good rate for the quality service he gives. If you have a site that needs a few tweaks and not sure what to do, just email him and he'll give you a quote for getting your site exactly how you want it. Sandra BK USA & Nepal I have used many different WordPress themes. The Graphene Theme is one of my favorites. It is simple to use... while being as flexible & powerful as anyone could ever need. You have the ability to customize every element imaginable. And, should you ever need it... first-class support is always available. Louie Highly professional, responsive, reliable, trustworthy, and thoroughly capable. Lance Jacobs New York I have just recently started blogging and I have nearly gone through all the WordPress themes. Graphene is the most flexible theme I have used and so easy to use. I have been trying to teach myself CSS, but with this theme I don't really need to. Totally Awesome. Stephanie Next Previous Support the Developer Developing the awesome Graphene theme requires a lot of effort and time, literally years of voluntary, unpaid work. If you like this theme or if you are using it for commercial websites, please consider a donation. Donate with PayPal You can also use credit cards if you don't have a PayPal account Fetching latest tweet ... Follow @graphenetheme Customisation We specialise in custom website and web application development. With clients in more than 15 countries worldwide, our work is a pride we hold dearly. Let us work the magic for you. Let's talk Support Forum Support for the Graphene family of themes is delivered via the dedicated support forum. This allows us to more effectively deliver support for a number of reasons . Graphene Forum » Developers Support Ninja Graphene Developer's Blog Graphene is now fully compatible with Gutenberg The Gutenberg editor will be the next big thing in WordPress, slated to completely replace the current editor when WordPress 5.0 is released. The new editor will allow for far richer and intuitive editing experience, bringing WordPress ever closer to having a true WYSIWYG editing. While opinions are split within the WordPress community on the […] Continue Reading » Franz Josef Overview Addons Changelog Features & Functionalities Languages Help & Support Graphene About the theme Changelog Documentation Features and Functionalities Help and Support Languages Google Code Project Graphene Plus Overview Changelog Stand out from the crowd Build a community Instant loading time Website About Us Contact Us Twitter Facebook Privacy Policy Terms of Service Design by Stampede © 2010 - 2026 Graphene Themes Solutions. All rights reserved.