Push Notifications | Automated Web Push Notifications | Gravitec Product Automation RSS to Push Breaking news Top News Drip campaigns Triggered notifications Push Digest Gravitec AI Welcome message Campaign scheduling Smart Campaigns in 1 Click Customization Permission prompt configuration Notification bell Extended Targeting and Segmentation Analytics Detailed campaigns statistics Reports with breakdowns Subscriptions & Opt-outs Other features Push history Team management Clear UI/UX interfaces Multilingual support Integrations REST API Chrome Extension Rich notification that Converts Learn more about the features Industries Industries Media Finance Digital marketing News portals Gaming SaaS & B2B Travel eCommerce SME Resources Resources Blog Guides Best practices Platform review Case studies REST API documentation Notification content hub Pricing Log In Get started en ES PL PT RU UA Most easy to master automated system for creating and delivering web push notifications Important news, latest updates, special offers and more will get directly to your users screens in 1 second Get started Contact sales No credit card required Get 30% more traffic Push notifications outperform any social media in terms of CTR and generating website traffic Convert your website visitors into subscribers with just 1 click Get unlimited number of subscribers for free Reach your subscribers directly, even when they are not on your site Improve your audience engagement and retention rates while reducing churn AI by Gravitec First on the market Generate push notification headlines and texts that captivate your audience We leverage our unique experience gained from over 100 billion sent push campaigns Most advanced OpenAI technologies provide relevant and precise outcomes Adapts and optimize texts for push notification format specifically Gravitec AI gets the job done right and ensures the best CTR for your messages Automate and Integrate Save you valuable time Automate up to 90% of your push notification campaigns Integrate push notifications with 1000+ other apps Automatically send new posts, connect with social media and more Statistics and Analytics Improve your metrics with the help of data Analyze your campaigns outcome to learn what works best Segment your audience based on their preferences, behavior, device, country, browser, language and more Target your audience based on acquired analysis and segmentation to get the best results Market leaders for years Start getting up to 50% more traffic, engagement and retention Try Gravitec right now! Try For Free Contact sales See what our users say Kurt Uhlir VP Marketing and Operations, eXp World Holdings, US Reasons for Switching to Gravitec: Cost and features. Gravitec beats OneSignal on both. Diego C Martin Marketer, Adresles, Spain I love it because first it has a clean and easy to configure interface. On the other hand, it is quite fast when it comes to delivering notifications. Also, impressive is the function of automating the most viewed or most recent content and segmenting according to user interests. And all of this backed up with an easy-to-understand analytics dashboard. Finally, I can say that the support is good and agile. Several times, they have solved my doubts and situations in a short period of time. Read more Close Joshua van Veen Founder, Growth Monster, Australia This is a great addition for anyone who has a website. The more we reach out to our audience in the channels that they like and not just the channels we like the more audience we can cultivate. Read more Close Chris Cade Founder, SpiritualGrowthEvents, US If you're needing Push Notifications for your site, then you aren't going to find higher quality software at a better price. David Kocsis CEO, Guru Muscle, Australia Gravitec is one of the most generous push notifications out there. We use it for our agency and it's been working great. You can set up automation with multiple steps and deliver your promotion on several devices. Read more Close Seamless integrations with popular platforms Trusted by more than 40K+ websites Join over 15,000 companies that are increasing their revenue with Graviteс Get started Contact sales What are push notifications Web push notifications are small messages that can reach your audience anywhere, anytime, on any device. Unlike many other channels web push gets directly to your users screens in a matter of seconds. That's why web push gives you the largest reach in the world - more than 93% of your potential audience. Push notifications are short messages which your subscribers will receive even when they are not on your website. www.website.com How it works Set up Gravitec in 10 minutes 1 Start getting subscribers 2 Send your notification campaign 3 Get your subscribers back on your website 4 Case studies Library of case studies and secrets of successful marketing campaigns. Continue Notifications content hub Ideas and tips on how to compose notification campaigns to get more views, more clicks and site visits. Continue Guides Detailed step-by-step guides on how to set up online marketing automation. Continue Join 15,000+ companies Start sending push today Enter your email Get started No credit card required E-mail: support@gravitec.net Contact us Company About us Features Pricing Resources Notifications content hub Case studies Web push demo Blog For Developers Website SDK REST API © 2016- 2019 Gravitec.net. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Cookies Privacy Policy Public Offer "2.1.2" Breaking news Wordpress Plugin now available! Want to send push notifications? Installation takes less than one minute! Visitors can subscribe to notifications immediately after installation! No programming required! Install now Not now Get started Enter your email* Insert password* I agree to the Gravitec.net Terms of Use Register Thank you! Now check your inbox for the confirmation email. In 60 seconds you will receive a web push with a limited offer Don't miss it! ;) Got it Contact us Do you have any questions about the service? Send us a message! Your name* Your email* Your message* Send Thank you! Your message was sent Thank you! Your request is accepted We'll sent you an individual offer in 24 hours Cookies policy We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.