Gravity Forms | The Best WordPress Form Plugin | Form Builder Pricing All License Plans Basic License Plan Pro License Plan Elite License Plan Nonprofit License Plan Product Features Use Our Demo Accessibility Gravity Flow Gravity SMTP Add-Ons Community Community Forum Certified Add-Ons Community Add-Ons Register an Add-on Help User Guides & Documentation Gravity Learn Video Library Contact Our Support Team Refund Policy Language Translations Blog News & Updates Tutorials Featured Add-Ons Starter Guides Online Payments Nonprofit Gravity SMTP Gravity Flow Technical Case Studies Accessibility Login Get Started Search: Search Twitter Facebook Linkedin Get Started © 2008-2025 Rocketgenius Inc. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Powerful data capture fueled by Gravity Forms. The most powerful solution for building custom forms and flows to connect with your users and expand your reach. All in WordPress. Buy Now View Demo Trusted by the biggest brands in the galaxy One giant leap for WordPress forms — Gravity Forms helps you use your data for good. Create custom web forms to capture leads, collect payments, automate your workflows, and build your business online. Visual Form Editor Quickly design and build your WordPress forms using the intuitive visual form editor. Select your fields, configure your options, and easily embed forms on your site. Online Payment Collection From registrations to subscriptions, donations to product sales, Gravity Forms lets you manage transactions with the same tool you use to create contact forms on your site. Workflow Automation Configure your form to show or hide fields, sections, pages, and buttons based on user selections. Easily set custom automated workflows for any form you create. Conditional Logic Make your forms more relevant to your audience by displaying or hiding fields, sections, or entire pages based on user inputs. Secure Data Collection We put a virtual airlock in place when it comes to your data. Our state-of-the-art security measures keep your data safe and your mind at ease. File Uploads Need to have your users submit documents, photos, or other attachments? It’s not rocket science. Just add file upload fields to your form to save the files directly to your server. All the tools you need to build professional forms online. The only WordPress form management plugin you will ever need. Packed with tons of time-saving tools and features. Buy Gravity Forms Now Easy to make it shine. Draw your audience in with plenty of ways to make your form look amazing. Quickly drag & drop form fields into place while being able to visualize a form workflow with Preview. Drag & Drop Form Builder Create and edit your forms with ease, using our drag and drop interface to select and organize your modules. Column Layouts Choose the number of columns you need, customize the width, and drag fields within the builder to add a new column. Build Accessible Forms With Gravity Forms you have all the tools to create accessible forms that are WCAG 2.1AA compliant. Prepare for lift off. Build beautiful and powerful forms from scratch, or kickstart your flow with our pre-built templates Contact Demo Contact Form Payment Demo Payment Form Survey Demo Survey Form Connect with the apps you love . Integrate your favorite services and add advanced features with official add-ons from Gravity Forms . Each license offers a range of add-ons included with your annual subscription. Trusted by thousands of web professionals. Check out all the good vibes from our stellar customers across the globe. We love to feel the love. And seeing their success? Well let’s just say we’re over the moon. Buy Gravity Forms Now My WordPress plugin hero of the day is Gravity Forms. It is so useful for so many different situations.” Rachel Baker Boss Lady @ Stitchfix From simple contact forms to the ability to create e-commerce forms, nothing you can’t do.” Jason Luntz Owner & Founder of UrVoyce Stores data in a logical way and notifications and conformations are intuitive and easy to use.” Donovan Maidens Founder of Anomalous Developers The ability to connect with so many third-party solutions has made it our preferred form plugin.” Kristina Romero Owner of WP Care Market Transparent pricing ? That's affirmative Whether you’re flying solo or leading the enterprise, Gravity Forms has a plan for everyone. Get the details and always know what you’ll pay. Basic License $ 59 per year Buy Now 1 Site Standard Support Basic License includes... HubSpot Add-On Mailchimp Add-On Active Campaign Add-On Campaign Monitor Add-On See all Add-Ons included... Elite License $ 259 per year Buy Now Unlimited Sites Priority Support WordPress Multisite Elite License includes... Gravity SMTP User Registration Add-On Conversational Forms Coupons Add-On Partial Entries Add-On Polls Add-On Signature Add-On Survey Add-On See all Add-Ons included... All our Add-Ons are included with Elite! Pro License $ 159 per year Buy Now 3 Sites Standard Support Pro License includes... Stripe Add-On Dropbox Add-On Square Add-On Zapier Add-On Trello Add-On PayPal Add-On See all Add-Ons included.. We believe there's a better way to manage your data and forms. Stay in touch with us. We'll send you tips and tricks, news and updates, discounts and deals, plus we promise not to spam your inbox. Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Gravity Forms is a Rocketgenius invention. Check out more information about us here . X Facebook Linkedin YouTube Instagram Helpful Links Video Library Form Template Library Conversational Forms Gallery Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions Refund Policy Brand Assets Developer Documentation About Gravity Forms Blog Community Forums Giving Back Career Openings Rocketgenius Internship 2026 System Requirements Gravity Forms recommends the same system requirements as WordPress: PHP v7.4+, MySQL v8.0+ and the latest version of WordPress. © 2008-2025 Rocketgenius Inc. Contact Us Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Settings