SIEM, Log Management & API Protection Skip to content Webinar: What's New in Graylog 7.0 | Watch On-Demand >> Solutions Graylog Security Graylog Enterprise Graylog Open Graylog API Security Graylog Illuminate Graylog Cloud Graylog Security Graylog Enterprise Graylog Open Graylog API Security Free Tools Open vs. Paid Features Deep Dive Use Cases Learn About Resource Library Events Academy Blog About Graylog Resource Library Events Academy Blog Support Customer Support Documentation Open Community Customer Support Cloud Platform Documentation Open Community Pro Services Pricing Why Graylog X Contact Us See Demo Solutions Graylog Security Graylog Enterprise Graylog Open Graylog API Security Graylog Illuminate Graylog Cloud Graylog Security Graylog Enterprise Graylog Open Graylog API Security Free Tools Open vs. Paid Features Deep Dive Use Cases Learn About Resource Library Events Academy Blog About Graylog Resource Library Events Academy Blog Support Customer Support Documentation Open Community Customer Support Cloud Platform Documentation Open Community Pro Services Pricing Why Graylog X Free Tools See Demo AI-Powered Security & IT Operations Without Compromise. SIEM  |  API Security  |  Log Management Built for teams that need clarity, context, and control in every decision. Gobbling Up Insights: Graylog 7.0 Serves Up a Feast A cornucopia of new capabilities. Graylog 7.0 brings a full plate of advancements. Learn More → Graylog named in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SIEM See why we think Graylog is shaping the future of lean, efficient security teams. Read the Report → Graylog’s Trusted Approach to AI-powered Security Operations AI is built in to speed up investigations, reduce errors, and give teams confidence. Learn More→ Graylog named SIEM Leader, Outperformer GigaOm’s 2025 SIEM Radar Report names Graylog for detection, risk scoring, and rapid investigation. Read The Report → “Without Compromise” Isn’t Just a Tagline. It’s a Design Principle. For Security Teams Detect high-risk threats. Automate investigations. Store everything—without spiking your license costs. Graylog gives you real-time defense with long-term visibility. For Operations Teams Route logs your way. Analyze across platforms. Keep control over your architecture and your budget. Graylog lets you run lean, powerful, and on your terms. Our Cloud. Your Cloud. Or On-Prem However you deploy, Graylog delivers the same full detection, investigation, and log management experience—without compromise. Cost Efficiency Without the Extra Stack Other platforms make you bolt on tools to manage log routing, data tiers, and storage costs. Graylog bakes it in. Preview archived data, route logs, and restore only what you need. All without paying to ingest or buying another license. See Demo Meet the Graylog Platform With Built-In Pipeline Management: One Platform, Zero Surprise Bills Whether you’re centralizing logs, detecting security threats, or tracking API abuse, Graylog gives your team one place to do it all, without rigid licensing or vendor lock-in. 0 Users 0 MPS 0 TB/Day Total Capacity Explore Plans Customer Story: Kaizen Gaming 4.5 rating Mastering Graylog: Navigating Learning Curves to Create Superb Dashboards: Graylog has a little bit of a learning curve to take off running with the product. Once you get over that hump though, you can make amazing things happen. IT Services in the Education Industry Exemplary Service and Support from the Graylog Team: Working with the Graylog team from start to finish has been nothing but fantastic. They assisted us with implementation, followed up to make sure the experience was what we expected, and offered us grace (i.e., free licensing) while we worked through some issues. IT Security and Risk Management in the Energy & Utilities Industry From syslog to audit events: Graylog processes and visualizes many types of data: We were in need of a centralized logging solution to not only collect typical log data from servers, but also to collect (and alert!) on audit logs from key applications, and Graylog ended up being the best solution. Research and Development in the IT Services Industry Graylog: Meeting the Evolving Needs of Logging and Security: The Graylog product has grown along with my company's needs for logging and then into security. We continue to see a huge amount of product development in both new features and enhancements of the existing features we rely on. IT in the Manufacturing Industry Graylog Enterprise: A Journey from Purchase to Utilization — My overall experience with Graylog has been excellent. They were extremely helpful in providing us with the information we needed to make the decision to purchase Graylog Enterprise, including providing honest comparisons to other products we were considering. IT Security and Risk Management in the Education Industry The Influential Role of Graylog in Project Success: I had a great experience working with Graylog on our project. The project organization was seamless, with clear communication and a structured approach that ensured that everything stayed on track. IT in the Energy & Utilities Industry Ready to see Graylog in Action? Whether you’re just curious or comparing platforms, our demo is a good place to start. See Demo Products Graylog Security Graylog Enterprise Graylog Open Graylog API Security Graylog Cloud Graylog Illuminate Graylog Small Business Pricing Features AI Access Control & Audit Logs UEBA Anomaly Detection Graylog Content: Illuminate Data Collection Data Enrichment Data Management Events & Alerts Investigations Reports & Dashboards Risk Management Scalable Architecture Search SOAR LEARN Resource Hub Blog Videos Events Community SUPPORT Customer Support Documentation Graylog Academy Open Community Company About Why Graylog Leadership Partners Careers News & Awards Contact [email protected] Follow Us: Linkedin Reddit-alien Youtube Github Facebook-f GRAYLOG HEADQUARTERS 1301 Fannin St, Ste. 2000 Houston, TX 77002 GRAYLOG COLORADO 1919 14th Street, Suite 700, Office 18 Boulder, CO 80302 GRAYLOG UNITED KINGDOM 34-37 Liverpool Street, 7th Floor London, EC2M 1PP United Kingdom GRAYLOG GERMANY GMBH Poolstraße 21 20355 Hamburg, Germany © 2025 Graylog, Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy | Legal | Sitemap