Become a seller
Sign In / Register

All Categories

Mining, Construction & Agriculture

Manufacturing & Engineering

Cars, Bikes & Accessories

Trucks & Trailers

Boats

Wine & More

Catering, Hospitality & Gyms

Warehousing & Forklifts

Caravans & Motorhomes

Home, Garden & Appliances

Computers, TV & Electronics

Business For Sale

Jewellery & Fashion

Watch List

Current Bids

Cart

1
2
Explore Our Categories

Thousands of auctions added daily

Automotive

Industrial

Boats & Caravans

Home & Lifestyle

Wine & Alcohol

View All

$20 Off Your First Purchase

Sign up and get $20 off your first purchase. Applies to new customers only.

Sign Up
Appliances Under $150

From air fryers to vacuums, find household appliances under $150.

View Now
Fleet Vehicles

Get behind the wheel of a reliable, work ready fleet vehicle at great auction value.

View Now
Unreserved Auctions

Unreserved auctions featuring machinery, tools and equipment. All items sell to the highest bidder!

View Now
Items Near You

Explore what's on auction in your area

New South Wales

Victoria

Queensland

South Australia

Western Australia

Northern Territory

Auctions Ending Soon

Get in quick before it's too late

Automotive

Check out our range of Luxury, Classics, Everyday Cars, and 4x4's

Explore Auctions
Home & Garden

Explore great deals on home appliances, furniture and more

Explore Auctions
Wine & Alcohol

Explore great deals on premium and value wines

Explore Auctions
Electronics

Grab a great deal on new, refurbished or used computers & electronics

Explore Auctions
Discover Amazing Value at Grays

Grays is the #1 Auction Site in Australia*, dedicated to selling thousands of items across multiple categories such as cars, industrial equipment, home goods and wine.

Save big everyday

With our no reserve auctions starting at $9, it's easy to grab a deal at Grays

Diverse range

No matter what you're looking for Grays has you covered with our wide variety of products

Selling with us is easy

Millions trust Grays for low fees and expert guidance. Selling with us is easy!

Download the Grays app for iOS or Android
Browse, bid and snag a deal on the go!

Sign up now

Sign up for our newsletter to be the first to know about daily deals, special events and new products!

Subscribe

By subscribing you understand that you are opt-ing in to receive marketing communications, promotional material, updates and further information about products and services from Grays and are accepting the terms of our Privacy Policy and Privacy Statement and Consent.

Legal

User Agreement
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Human Rights Policy
Complaints Policy

Quick Links

Sales Closing Now
$9 Start Sales
All Sales
Valuations
Items
Sitemap

About Grays

About Us
Contact Us
Help Center
Senior Leadership
Our Locations
Careers

NSW Liquor Licence: LIQP770010049, QLD Real Estate and Auctioneer Licence: 4448746, Motor Dealer Licence: NSW MD 17518, VIC LMCT-11100, SA MVD326599, QLD 3651988, WA MD25255, NSW Liquor Act 2007 - It is against the law to sell or supply alcohol to or to obtain on behalf of a person under the age of 18 years. The reserve indicator should be used as a general guide only. It should not be relied upon to indicate the dollar amount of the reserve. * The statement that Grays is Australia’s No 1 Auction Site is based on information published by Similarweb Ltd. Similarweb Ltd’s website states that Grays’ website (www.grays.com) currently holds the number one position category rank in Australia for highest web traffic in their Ecommerce & Shopping > Auctions industry category. This information is current as of July 2024 and available at www.similarweb.com/website/grays.com/#overview. Grays does not warrant the accuracy of this information.

© 2025 - Slattery Grays Auction Group Pty Ltd ACN 692 021 122 - All Rights Reserved

Connect with us

Secure checkout with