Welcome to the University of Greenwich, London Skip nav Portal Faculties Study Upcoming Open Days We'd love to welcome you on one of our open days - you'll meet our expert tutors and fantastic support teams, explore our campuses and facilities, and chat with current students and discover the Greenwich experience. Book now Courses Undergraduate study (BA, BSc) Postgraduate study (MA, MSc) Short courses & CPD Apprenticeships: Learners Discover Why choose Greenwich? Accommodation Careers Information for schools Welcome new students Apply How to apply Fees & finance Scholarships & Bursaries After you apply Student support & services Subjects International International students We welcome students from all over the world. You'll find plenty of courses to choose from, historic campuses, and fellow students from more than 150 countries. Find out how we can help you join our friendly community. Discover Living in the UK Erasmus+ and Study Abroad Apply Greenwich in my country Applicants: Step-by-step guide Financing your studies Research Award-winning research Our research provides innovative solutions that benefit business, industry and communities in the UK and across the world and has won a series of awards. Funding is available for postgraduate research studies. Outcomes About GRE Disciplines Policy, governance and awards Community Research study & experience Community & support Studentships and scholarships Partnerships Business and partnerships Through partnerships we create opportunities for our students to thrive, and for organisations to benefit from our people, research and leading-edge facilities. Business Business, Enterprise and Partnerships Develop your talent Access our expertise Funding and support Access our equipment Find a venue Apprenticeships Education UK education partners International partnerships Alumni & giving Make a donation Join our growing community of supporters who empower and enable our students to seize every opportunity possible. Give today Our community Alumni benefits Alumni stories Alumni News Alumni Events Graduate outcomes Giving back Giving Volunteering Why your support matters Make a donation Study Courses: Undergraduate (BA, BSc) Postgraduate (MA, MSc) Short courses & CPD Apprenticeships Subjects Discover: Open days Accommodation Careers Information for schools New students International students Apply: How to apply Fees & finance Scholarships & bursaries After you apply Student support & services More Upcoming events Whether you're looking to study in London or just expand your knowledge, come and join us in-person or online and see what the University of Greenwich has to offer. Book now Faculties Research Partnerships Alumni & giving In-person Open Day 21 March Book now In-person Open Day 21 March Book now University of Greenwich UCAS deadline - 14 January UCAS deadline - 14 January: Apply now Limitless - degrees built around you Limitless - degrees built around you: Get ready for your future University of Greenwich ranked 7th in People & Planet University League University of Greenwich ranked 7th in People & Planet University League: Read more Open Day 15 October Where new adventures begin: book now Find your course Course search: Search Browse by subject Postgrad courses Request a prospectus Digital Student Centre Find support as a new and returning student Got a question? AskUoG! In-person Open Day 21 March 2026 Talk to our expert tutors and explore our courses, campuses, facilities, accommodation and student support services. You’ll also get the chance to learn more about the application process, student finance and the range of financial support available. Book now We are an ambitious community of students and academics with no limits on where you come from and no limits on what you can do next. Our three campuses in London and Kent are where minds meet, ideas spark and new adventures begin. Why Greenwich? Register for priority clearing Find out more Priority clearing Register Undergraduate (BA, BSc) Study at the top modern university in London and Kent for graduate prospects. With over 200 courses to choose from, it’s easy to find one that’s right for you. Postgraduate (MA, MSc) We offer flexible learning options such as online and part-time study. Explore our 150+ postgraduate courses and learn more about fees, funding and the bursaries we offer. International We are a diverse community with students from all over the world, so you’ll feel at home from the moment you arrive. Explore our courses and all the ways we support you. Trailblazing collaboration announced The partnership will lead to the creation of a new “super-university” – a new model bringing two institutions under one structure whilst enabling each university to retain its name, identity and local presence. Find out more Scholarships and bursaries Have a look at our scholarships and bursaries and see if you’re eligible. They include a £4,000 Commuter Bursary, an International Scholarships Award and many more. Apprenticeship degrees Our apprenticeships let learners combine studying with practical training in their dream careers. Why Greenwich? You'll soon feel at home within our diverse and super-friendly community. Our campuses are the perfect blend of old and new. You'll enjoy state-of-the-art teaching spaces set within splendid historic buildings and grounds. Learn more Popular courses Find more courses We're Gold! We are thrilled to have received Gold in the Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF) 2023. This recognises our outstanding performance in student experience and outcomes. Find out more What's happening at the university? News Medway School of Pharmacy develops course to support people struggling with long COVID University of Greenwich researcher submits two pieces of evidence for parliamentary inquiry University of Greenwich academic’s short film awarded honourable mention at international film festival The film, Eitai, was recognised in the Best Feature Documentary category at the United Nations Big Syn International Film Festival. Drugs in the stands: First study to explore prevalence of fan drug use at sporting events in the US and UK Drug use among sports fans is more widespread than many assume — and differs sharply between the US and UK. Weevils love Apple Sauce, how this could help with pest monitoring A study from the University of Greenwich and Harper Adams University has discovered that vine weevils may have a sweet tooth. Leading social enterprise organisation to recognise Professor Louise Owusu-Kwarteng Professor Louise Owusu-Kwarteng, Associate Dean Student Success FLASS, will be recognised by KINSIS as a Star to Spotlight for her longstanding work relating to race and education More news Events More events More about the University of Greenwich Student experience Coming to university is about much more than getting a degree. Explore our campuses, which all have a lively Students’ Union presence, and find out about our support services and fantastic facilities. Campus tours Take a 360º virtual tour of our campuses to see what our learning facilities, accommodation halls and social spaces are like. Fees, finance and funding There are many ways to make your money go further. Find out more about tuition fees, student living costs, and the bursaries and scholarships we offer. How to find us The University of Greenwich is based in London and Medway. You can reach our campuses by car or via public transport (including bus and rail), with easy connections from airports in London. Greenwich Campus Avery Hill Campus Medway Campus The largest of our three campuses, Greenwich Campus sits on a World Heritage Site on the banks of the River Thames. It is centered on three baroque buildings designed by Sir Christopher Wren for the Royal Navy at the end of the 17th century. You can find out more about it in our campuses section . Excellent transport links provide a 10 minute train journey to Central London. Greenwich DLR/rail or Maze Hill (8 min walk) Greenwich Pier - Ferry service (3 min walk) TFL buses frequently run close by. Public 'Pay and display' car parks nearby. Campus bus service between campuses. Situated either side of Avery Hill Park in Eltham, this campus combines the grace of a Victorian mansion with modern living and teaching facilities. You can find out more about it in our campuses section . Excellent transport links provide a 29 minute train journey to Central London. New Eltham and Falconwood (approx. 15 min walk) TFL buses frequently run nearby. Ample 'pay and display' parking on campus. Campus bus service between campuses. Medway Campus has a rich naval history. Its red-brick buildings were previously a Royal Navy base. Nelson's flagship HMS Victory was built at Chatham's Historic Dockyard. You can find out more about it in our campuses section . Excellent transport links provide a 45 minute train journey to Central London. Chatham Station (approx. 5 min by bus) Gillingham Station (approx. 20 min walk / 10 min by bus) Parking on-campus for permit holders with option to pay-as-you-go. Campus bus service between campuses. About Greenwich Contact the university Our campuses Our faculties Partner institutions Finding the university University events Media & news Jobs and careers Sustainability Our policies Financial statements Governance and management History of the university Useful links Accessibility Statement Copyright FCDO Funded Projects Equality, diversity and inclusion Legal information Freedom of Information Freedom of Speech Information for new students Modern Slavery Statement OfS Transparency Return Privacy and cookies Student Harassment and Sexual Misconduct Student transfer arrangements Support for care leavers Terms & conditions Degree Outcomes Statement Documents Facebook page Twitter feed YouTube channel Instagram page TikTok page LinkedIn page The University of Greenwich is a charity and company limited by guarantee, registered in England. Accessibility Statement Copyright OfS Transparency Return Privacy and cookies Terms & conditions