Greensboro News and Record | Breaking News | | Read Greensboro and North Carolina breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on North Carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one for $20 + get a $25 reward! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 48° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Education Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Submit a Counterpoint Sports HSXtra College ACCXtra Professional North Carolina Betting Lifestyles Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Dining Contests Games & Puzzles Comics Play People Travel Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Greensboro Archives Our Properties Rockingham Now Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Today's Deal Shopping Customer Service Manage Greensboro Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Manage Rockingham Subscription Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs 48° Partly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. Breaking News Cold shooting costs Wake Forest in ACC opener at NC State The Demon Deacons hit just two of their first 14 shots to start the second half, digging a hole they would never climb out of. Have you seen a plane flying a yellow banner around Winston? Here's what it says. Allison Lee Isley A plane flies a banner that reads “Duke’s Mayo is coming” on Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025, in Winston-Salem, N.C. The presence of the banner comes ahead of the 2026 Duke’s Mayo Bowl, which will be played on Friday at Charlotte’s Bank of America Stadium between the Wake Forest Demon Deacons and t… A plane flies a yellow banner around Winston Allison Lee Isley A plane flies a yellow banner that reads “Duke’s Mayo is coming” around Winston-Salem on Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025, ahead of Wake Forest’s appearance in the 2026 Duke’s Mayo Bowl on Friday night at the Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte. The Deacons will face the Mississippi State Bulldogs. Triad veteran, 8 years sober, earned degree and worked with Spartan Recovery at UNC Greensboro Nancy McLaughlin UNCG's Spartan Recovery Program helps students struggling with alcohol or other addictions. Cold shooting costs Wake Forest in ACC opener at NC State Skip Foreman The Demon Deacons hit just two of their first 14 shots to start the second half, digging a hole they would never climb out of. Four films with Triad ties selected for Beaufort International Film Festival Richard Craver Four films with Triad ties have been selected for showings during the 20th annual Beaufort International Film Festival. Homeless shelter in Greensboro expected to close in February as money runs out Nancy McLaughlin "I anticipate that a part of our challenges is that we are so small that we may seem insignificant in the eyes of some," Richardson said. Sexton: Add-on charges to routine medical bill create heartburn and headaches ssexton Scheduling an annual wellness exam? Don't ask questions if you don't want sticker shock when the bill arrives. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Judge denies Greensboro's request to dismiss lawsuit challenging New Irving Park rezoning Homeless shelter in Greensboro expected to close in February as money runs out Western Alamance student, soccer star who died in car crash was generous with his time, talent The Latest Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium In 2023, The Buffalo News asked its readers to share their memories of the day Rich Stadium hosted its first Buffalo Bills game. Here's what they had to say. Forsyth Medical Center debuts ultrasound liver-cancer treatment The Edison Histotripsy System, approved by the Food and Drug Administration in October 2023, uses ultrasound waves to target and destroy tumor cells while minimizing damage to surrounding tissue. Greensboro neighbors: Obituaries for December 31 Read through the obituaries published today in Greensboro News and Record. Special Weather Statement until WED 5:00 PM EST Increased Fire Danger in Central North Carolina This Afternoon Greensboro neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Greensboro News and Record. Denny Hamlin’s father killed, mother critically injured in NC house fire Dennis Hamlin, the father of NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin, died from “catastrophic” injuries sustained at his residence from a house fire Sunday, Gaston County officials confirmed late Monday. He was 75. Hamlin’s 69-year-old mother, Mary Lou, was transferred to Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist Burn Center in Winston-Salem where is she actively receiving treatment, according to a press release ... Greensboro neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in Greensboro News and Record. Greensboro neighbors: Obituaries for December 28 Read through the obituaries published today in Greensboro News and Record. Editor's Pick Sexton: Add-on charges to routine medical bill create heartburn and headaches ssexton Scheduling an annual wellness exam? Don't ask questions if you don't want sticker shock when the bill arrives. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video A plane flies a yellow banner around Winston Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium RAW: FILE: TRUMP ISSUES FIRST VETOES OF SECOND TERM Sports Watch NC A&T head coach Monté Ross address the loss to UNCW NC A&T men's basketball fell to UNCW, 87-78, in the CAA opener on Monday night. Head coach Monté Ross addressed the media in a post-game press conference. Wake Forest's Grace Oliver records perfect shooting night in win over Gardner-Webb Oliver is the ninth collegian to make at least 14 shots without missing. 13th-ranked Vanderbilt flexes its muscles and shooting touch to roll past Wake Forest The Demon Deacons give up 16 3-pointers in losing their final nonconference game of the season Watch Reidsville basketball head coach Jason Ross discuss Kendre Harrison's sendoff Reidsville men's basketball head coach Jason Ross talks about saying goodbye to Kendre Harrison after his final game on Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2025. Listen Now Podcasts Which of these 2026 predictions will look smartest 12 months from now? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎧 The hosts debate political shake-ups, electric vehicle momentum and artificial intelligence backlash in the new year, and then grade the forecasts they made one year earlier. Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Life & Entertainment New Year's celebrated around the globe with defiance or hope Drummers pounded in the New Year and computer-generated horses were shown over the Great Wall in China as Asia marked the start of 2026. Photos of New Year's celebrations around the globe Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 The world has begun saying goodbye to 2025, with South Pacific nations first to welcome 2026. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Contributor 16 Practical Gifts for Your Grounded Capricorn Besties Contributor content. In this guide, you’ll find all the best products and gifts for busy Capricorns to show them how much you care. Sponsored ‘Step Into Giving’ with The Shoe Market Content by The Shoe Market. This holiday season, The Shoe Market is raising money to help provide housing, food and support services for Greensboro residents in need. Provided From Hobby to Hustle: How Tech Tools Are Powering America’s New Entrepreneurs Provided content. The growth of digital tools and remote work has made it easier than ever to turn a skill or hobby into a thriving small business. Contributor How Retirement Living Supports Healthier, Happier Aging Contributor content. Many retirement communities are designed to help you live with confidence and peace of mind. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Scream Dreams 312 ORVILLE WRIGHT, GREENSBORO, NC 27409 Eastern Music Festival PO BOX 22026, GREENSBORO, NC 27420 Joyner Body Shop 1619 US 29 BUSINESS, REIDSVILLE, NC 27320 Print Ads Retail Stores WILD BIRDS UNLIMITED Retail Stores PRIMATEK,INC T/A SEDGEFIELD Other THE CLOCK DOC Services SAMUEL LESLIE DUREN Services THE DEMOLITION MAN Services CUSTOM REGLAZING Services MILLER GARAGE DOOR × Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Sites & Partners Life & Entertainment Rockingham Now Newsletter Signup Services Manage Subscription Place An Ad Advertise Submission Forms Contact Us Join Our Team Become a Carrier Licensing Shopping Dealer Returns © Copyright 2025 Greensboro News & Record , 3001 South Elm Eugene St. Greensboro, NC 27401 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe