HOLIDAY MAGIC: Hosting from $1.95/mo - Lock in Your Deal for the New Year!
Hosting
WordPress
Website Builder
Our Platform
Resources
Contact us
Login
Web Hosting: Fast, Scalable & Eco-friendly
Web Hosting that's fast, secure & eco-friendly.

The Internet is a huge polluter of the environment. Start hosting your website on the world's leading eco-friendly web hosting provider and make a positive impact on the environment!

Starting at $1.95 per month.

GET STARTED NOW 

No Hidden Fees & 30-Day Money Back Guarantee.

"One of the Best Web Hosting Services for 2025!"

One Platform. Green Hosting for Every Need

No matter your hosting requirements,
our platform will fit your needs.

MOST POPULAR
Hosting for WordPress

Your website deserves to fly. With our WordPress hosting, it will. Fast loading, rock-solid security, and expert support are the pillars that will elevate your site.

STARTING FROM

$1.95
/month

SEE PLANS
Hosting for WooCommerce

Ready to open your online store? Our WooCommerce hosting simplifies everything from setup to sale, ensuring your venture into eCommerce is a smooth one.

STARTING FROM

$1.95
/month

SEE PLANS
Reseller Web Hosting

Expanding your business by managing multiple hosting accounts or offering web hosting to your clients becomes seamless with our service. Let's grow your web hosting business together.

STARTING FROM

$19.95
/month

SEE PLANS
VPS Hosting

For websites or applications that demand top performance, our VPS hosting is the answer. Expect nothing less than lightning-fast speed and reliability.

STARTING FROM

$69.95
/month

SEE PLANS
Item 1 of 4
All-In-One Website Solution
Resolve slow speeds, downtime, and security issues by switching to GreenGeeks.
Select a hosting platform with 99.9% uptime and fast page loading.
Opt for eco-friendly hosting without sacrificing quality or security.
Scale your hosting solutions as your website grows with GreenGeeks.
Depend on a support team committed to both sustainability and high-performance hosting.
Invest in a greener, cleaner internet by choosing GreenGeeks for your web hosting needs.

Fast, Professional and Efficient

Migrating my website over to Green Geeks was a critical decision for me and my spouse. I'm a 3D Artist with a portfolio website that has a mix of images spanning from 1K to 4K ...

Parallax Creates, August 13

A helpful Dependable Website ...

As soon as I realized there was a website that donated money from every subscription to planting trees, I was impressed. When I used their chat feature and I saw how helpful they are ...

Douglas H., August 8

GreenGeeks stands out vs ...

I have used various hosting services over the years, and am very pleased with GreenGeeks. They are responsive when I need help, and their site and online info is easy to access and understand ...

Ellie, July 31

I have been with Green Geeks ...

I have been with Green Geeks for a little over 2 years and really like the service. I never have issues with domains, hosting or my emails. Their cPanel setup is great and their systems are easy to use ...

Nathan Adshead, July 27

Item 1 of 4
Your Website is Faster & Safer on our Platform

Enjoy a Better Hosting Experience
on our Hosting Platform

Lightning Fast SSD Storage Arrays

"Say goodbye to slow-loading pages." With our SSD Storage Arrays, your website doesn't just load; it leaps to life. Perfect for keeping your visitors hooked, especially when every second counts. Fast, efficient, and ready to handle anything you throw at it—because your story deserves to be seen.

 Accelerated page load times for improved user experience.
 Enhanced performance under high traffic conditions.
 Increased website reliability with advanced storage technology.
Ironclad Security for Your Peace of Mind

"Sleep easy knowing we've got your back." In a world where 30,000 websites are hacked daily, our Advanced Security keeps your site safe. We shield you from the bad guys, protecting your hard work and your visitors' trust. Because peace of mind isn't optional—it's a must.

 Comprehensive protection against hacking attempts.
 Regular security updates and patches to prevent vulnerabilities.
 Continuous monitoring to detect and respond to threats in real-time.
Round-the-Clock Expert Support at Your Service

"Need help at 3 AM? No problem." Our team is here for you around the clock, ready to tackle any issue or question you might have. No matter the hour or the challenge, you're never alone. We're your round-the-clock partners, ensuring your hosting journey is smooth and supported every step of the way.

 Immediate assistance available 24/7 from hosting experts.
 Proactive issue resolution to prevent potential disruptions.
 Support tailored to your specific hosting needs, regardless of the time.
Speed Optimization Technologies Unleashed

"Ever wished for a turbo button for your website?" Well, consider it done. Our Best Speed Technologies are the secret sauce to making your site blisteringly fast. From advanced caching to the latest protocols, we turbocharge your site, ensuring you stay ahead of the SEO game and keep visitors coming back for more.

 Advanced caching mechanisms for rapid content delivery.
 Optimized protocols for faster data transfer.
 Improved SEO rankings due to superior page speed.
SEE PLANS
Your Website Powered by Green Energy

Discovering the digital world's footprint outpaces even the airline industry might surprise you, with data centers guzzling power like there's no tomorrow—enough to light up 50,000 homes, to be exact. This energy marathon racks up 0.3% of the globe's carbon emissions, jumping to 2% when you toss in all our gadgets.

Here's where GreenGeeks steps in, flipping the script on web hosting. We've honed our platform for unbeatable energy efficiency and go the extra mile by matching every unit of power we use with three times that in renewable energy through our initiative with the Bonneville Environmental Foundation. And because we love going green, we plant a tree for every new hosting account.

Choosing GreenGeeks means your online space isn't just another website; it's a stride towards a greener, cleaner internet.

300% Energy Match
We work with the Bonneville Environmental Foundation to match our energy usage, such as servers and staff workstations by 3 times.
Planting Trees
For each hosting account provisioned, we work with One Tree Planted to plant trees wherever they are needed the most around the globe.
Green Power Partner
Since 2009, GreenGeeks has been recognized by the United States Environmental Protection Agency for its commitment to sustainability.
Let's Get Started!
Choose the hosting provider who makes it easy and fast to create websites, while helping the environment.
Completely risk free with our 30-day money back guarantee.
GET STARTED NOW
HOSTING SERVICES
Shared Hosting
Reseller Hosting
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Website Builder
RESOURCES
How to Make a Website
How to Transfer a Website
How to Start a Web Hosting Business
How to Start a Blog
How to Start an Online Store
Green Tags For Your Website
WHY GREENGEEKS
Our Hosting Platform
Why Green Hosting
Data Center & Servers
GreenGeeks Reviews
GreenGeeks vs competitors
About The Company
GET HELP
Support Center
Website Tutorials
Webinars
WordPress Glossary
APP HOSTING
Hosting for WordPress
WooCommerce Hosting
Drupal Hosting
Joomla Hosting
cPanel Hosting
CMS Hosting
Magento Hosting
PrestaShop Hosting
OpenCart Hosting
MAKE MONEY
Affiliate Program
Hosting Acquisitions
Web Hosting Jobs
300% Green Web Hosting Powered by Renewable Energy.
Contact Us / Our Blog
Copyright © 2008 - 2025 GreenGeeks.com - All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service / Privacy Policy

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies