Discover global power and renewables insights | Wood Mackenzie Skip to main content Contact us Registration Sign in Toggle subsection visibility e58215ef7718 Contact us Registration Sign in Sign in Toggle subsection visibility My WoodMac Wood Mackenzie Lens® Lens Direct Power and Renewables Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics platform (previously PowerAdvocate) Account and preferences management Product training Help and support About Us About Us Toggle subsection visibility About Us Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Industries & Services Industries & Services Toggle subsection visibility Explore our portfolio Upstream Emissions & Carbon Management Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Power & Renewables Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Oils & Chemicals Commodity Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Consulting Market Insights Market Insights Toggle subsection visibility Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights Horizons Blogs Podcasts The Inside Track Book - Connected Guides and featured insights Energy Transition CCUS Electric vehicles US trade policies and tariffs Material Transition Events Events Toggle subsection visibility Browse Events Wood Mackenzie Events Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Online Reports Online Reports Toggle subsection visibility Browse All Reports Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Lens Platform Lens Platform Toggle subsection visibility Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Power & Renewables Hydrogen Upstream Subsurface Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Carbon Emissions Energy Transition Lens Direct - API Search Close About Us Explore Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Explore Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Featured Let's Share the Sun Through our partnership, we’re transforming lives by delivering clean, reliable energy to communities in need. Learn more About Us Our Story Our People Our Values Our Customers Our Locations Contact us WoodMac Lab - Share your feedback Working At WoodMac Your Career Life at WoodMac Our Teams Our Culture Early Careers Explore our portfolio Explore All Upstream Accelerate your oil and gas strategies with unrivalled real-time data, immediate insights and trusted fiscal coverage. Emissions & Carbon Management Diversify your carbon management portfolio with detailed CCUS, offset and emissions data, all on one place. Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Get the trusted data and insight you need to thrive in a rapidly decarbonising energy landscape. Power & Renewables Accelerate the move to clean energy with low-carbon intelligence connecting assets, markets, and companies. Gas & LNG In-depth insights, supported by robust data offerings, thorough research, and comprehensive consulting services. Metals & Mining Access reliable research and analysis within and across the metals and mining industry to make strategic, operational and investment decisions. Oils & Chemicals Understand the connections from feedstocks to end products and how each fits. Commodity Trading Analytics Access real-time data and analytics in all major commodities with innovative data points and comprehensive insights to guide strategic and trading decisions. Supply Chain Analytics Identify and execute on cost savings, performance improvement, operational efficiency, and risk management opportunities across your organisation. Consulting Bespoke strategic, market and operational improvement consulting services in energy & natural resources to suit your specific needs. Consulting Positioning you for success Navigate market complexities and business issues with our expert team of industry consultants. Explore Consulting Explore our portfolio Upstream Emissions & Carbon Management Energy Transition Scenarios & Technologies Power & Renewables Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Oils & Chemicals Commodity Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics Consulting Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights News and insights Horizons Explore the themes shaping the energy transition with our monthly thought leadership. Blogs Unique energy insight, spanning the renewables, energy and natural resources supply chain, to support strategic decision-making. Podcasts Weekly discussions on the latest news and trends in energy, cleantech and renewables. The Inside Track Our weekly round up of the lasted opinions, new, industry analysis from our global analysts. Book - Connected Data and energy insight from our thought leaders, Jason Liu and Simon Flowers, Connected the book. Guides and featured insights Energy Transition In depth analysis of the energy transition and the path to a low carbon future. CCUS Explore the future growth potential for carbon capture, utilisation and storage. Electric vehicles Explore the growth trajectory for EVs and spot any possible bumps in the road. US trade policies and tariffs A look at the global economic impacts of new US trade measures. Material Transition Explore trends around sustainability, recycling and the circular economy and their impact on materials markets. 2025/26 update Energy transition outlook Wood Mackenzie's integrated modelling of energy transition scenarios Explore Market Insights, Blogs, podcasts & newsletters Market Insights Horizons Blogs Podcasts The Inside Track Book - Connected Guides and featured insights Energy Transition CCUS Electric vehicles US trade policies and tariffs Material Transition Browse Events Browse Wood Mackenzie Events Our global events bring together influential decision-makers from the energy sector. Industry Browse Wood Mackenzie events by Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Featured event Solar & Energy Storage Summit 2026 29-30 April 2026, Denver Find out more Browse Events Wood Mackenzie Events Industry Global events Asia Africa Europe North America Browse All Reports Browse Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Reports Browse reports Make better commercial decisions with our objective insights and analyses. Explore reports Browse All Reports Power and renewables Upstream oil and gas Macroeconomics, risk and global trends Oil and gas markets Midstream oil and gas LNG Downstream oil refining Coal Metals markets Metals costs Chemicals Wallmaps for sale Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Log-in Power & Renewables An integrated view of global renewable and conventional power data and insights across projects, technologies and markets. Hydrogen Maximise investment opportunities across the hydrogen, ammonia and methanol value chain. Upstream Industry renowned data and analysis to build resilient, sustainable portfolios. Subsurface Identify advantaged barrels and support critical investment decisions with an integrated view of commercial and technical data. Gas & LNG The single source for exploring industry data alongside leading expertise, analyses, and modelling insights. Metals & Mining Unlock robust data and new unique perspectives across key mined commodities needed to assess the mining landscape. Carbon Analysis of CCUS and offset opportunities to shape decarbonisation strategies. Emissions Decision intelligence to simplify the complexity of emissions risk management. Energy Transition Trusted modelling capabilities to navigate the energy transition Lens Direct - API Seamlessly integrate Wood Mackenzie data into your own proprietary systems with Lens Direct API services. Product Update Lens Subsurface Modelling Combining technical and commercial data with cutting-edge AI technology to enable you to make smarter, quicker decisions about capital allocation. Find out more Already a customer? Log-in to access Lens Power & Renewables Hydrogen Upstream Subsurface Gas & LNG Metals & Mining Carbon Emissions Energy Transition Lens Direct - API Access our research platforms Sign-in to our platforms to access our extensive research, our latest insight, data and analytics and to connect to our industry experts. My WoodMac Wood Mackenzie Lens® Lens Direct Power and Renewables Trading Analytics Supply Chain Analytics platform (previously PowerAdvocate) Account and preferences management Product training Help and support Search label Search Search Discover global power and renewables insights Data-driven intelligence and expert perspectives on the future of clean energy Sign up for weekly updates Close Sign up for weekly updates Sign up today to get the best of our expert insight in your inbox. Done First name Last name Company Job Title Business Email What do you prefer to read about? -- Select options -- Coal Energy Markets Gas Markets LNG Metals Midstream NGL Not Applicable Oil and Gas Exploration Oil Markets Other Petrochemicals Power Markets Refining and oil products Services and Manufacturing Upstream Oil and Gas Unconventional Oil and Gas Distribution (Grid Edge) Power Generation (including Renewables) Risk Management Transmission Country United States United Kingdom Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao S.A.R., China Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S Minor Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please keep me informed about Wood Mackenzie products, services and events. Submit Category Sign Up For details on how your data is used and stored, see our Privacy Notice . Browse podcasts Keep up with the fast-changing power and renewables industry As the world advances toward a low-carbon future, the power and renewables industries are driving unprecedented change. At Wood Mackenzie, we specialise in navigating this rapidly evolving landscape, providing the in-depth research, data, and analysis you need to turn challenges into opportunities. Dive into our latest market insights Related content Opinion What are the energy transition technologies to watch in 2025? Opinion Supply chain bottlenecks threaten US data centre power ambitions Opinion Hydrogen: the outlook to 2050 Opinion In the modern era of US energy dominance, can domestic manufacturing for solar and BESS play a role? Opinion eBook | Historic opportunities and complex challenges in a volatile world Listen to topical discussions from some of the greatest minds in energy Podcast What’s the forecast for energy projects as the Big Beautiful Bill looms over the industry? Clean energy faces chaos = sky-high tariffs, cancelled projects and new tax credit threats Explore What’s the forecast for energy projects as the Big Beautiful Bill looms over the industry? Podcast Inside the ‘crazy grid’ The gang discuss how California is dealing with all the uncertainty created by new demands being placed on the grid: variable renewable generation,... Explore Inside the ‘crazy grid’ Podcast What will energy look like 5 years after the “Big Beautiful Bill”? The Energy Gang report from 2030 What did America’s energy future look like after the “big beautiful bill”? The gang takes a bold leap into 2030 to find out Explore What will energy look like 5 years after the “Big Beautiful Bill”? The Energy Gang report from 2030 Transform the way you make investment decisions in clean energy Explore Lens Power & Renewables Inspiring natural resources decisions. Get valuable updates from our team of experts right into your inbox. Sign up for weekly insights DISCOVER Power & Renewables Energy Transition Consulting Events Reports RESOURCES News & Opinion Horizons Podcasts Customer support ABOUT WOODMAC About us Media centre Careers Our locations DISCOVER Power & Renewables Energy Transition Consulting Events Reports RESOURCES News & Opinion Horizons Podcasts Customer support ABOUT WOODMAC About us Media centre Careers Our locations Terms of use Privacy Policies Cookie Policy X X LinkedIn LinkedIn Bluesky Bluesky Youtube Youtube