Greene King | Pubs, Restaurants, Hotels & Brewery Unfortunately, You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. Skip to content Find a pub About Us Visit Us Shop with us Work with us Stories from us Navigation column 1 of 4 Our brands Navigation column 2 of 4 Our beers Navigation column 3 of 4 Our food Navigation column 4 of 4 Our company Navigation column 1 of 4 Download the app Navigation column 2 of 4 Our breweries Navigation column 3 of 4 Our hotels Navigation column 4 of 4 Our pubs & restaurants Navigation column 1 of 2 Gift cards Navigation column 2 of 2 Stock our beer Navigation column 1 of 4 Careers Navigation column 2 of 4 Pub Partners Navigation column 3 of 4 Free trade wholesale Navigation column 4 of 4 Join our research panel Navigation column 1 of 2 Behind the Bar blog Navigation column 2 of 2 Newsroom The place to be - if we do say so ourselves Greene King Pubs Discover your local Where the magic happens Our Breweries Explore our breweries Our brands View all brands About Greene King Pubs Greene King Pubs The heart of the community About Greene King Pubs About Chef & Brewer Chef and Brewer Where life tastes good About Chef & Brewer About Farmhouse Inns Farmhouse Inns Carving up quality time with the family About Farmhouse Inns About Hungry Horse Hungry Horse Fill up on good times About Hungry Horse About Flaming Grill Flaming Grill The thrill of the grill About Flaming Grill About Greene King Inns Greene King Inns Discover England's hidden gems About Greene King Inns About Metropolitan Pub Company Metropolitan Pub Company Home away from home About Metropolitan Pub Company About Wacky Warehouse Wacky Warehouse Wacky fun for kids and grown-ups About Wacky Warehouse Celebrate the New Year at Greene King Let Greene King take care of everything and be your hosts whilst you countdown to 2026 in style with us. Secure your New Years Table Festive Sport with Greene King Join us at one of our sports pubs this festive season for all the thrilling action from a stacked football schedule to the World Darts Championship semi-final and final in January! Find a pub and secure your seat Tub2Pub is back! Recycle your clean and empty confectionery and biscuits tubs by dropping them off at any Greene King Pub  between 1 January - 15 February 2026 and help us raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support. Discover more Join a pub quiz near you Get in on the action at Greene King and enjoy a thrilling pub quiz near you. Prizes, pints, and pub power await! Find your local pub quiz today! Greene King Pub Deals & Offers Greene King are dedicated to bring you the very best offers and deals that won't break the bank. View our deals Tap the app, it's that easy Discover the easy way to browse, book order and pay, available now on IOS and Android. Download it now Warning! Only the first 5 items will be rendered! Discover more Newsroom Read all of our latest news. Discover more Try our Greene King app Order & Pay App For when you're sitting comfortably. Try our Greene King app Join the community Would you like to join our research panel, The Talk Inn? Help shape the future of Greene King and Greene King brands by giving us regular feedback on food, drink and your pub experiences! Click here to join the community: Join the community our company Over 200 years of rich heritage Discover our history Location Westgate Brewery Bury St Edmunds Suffolk IP33 1QT Greene King Our Brands Christmas View All Pubs Newsroom Gift Cards Modern Slavery Statement Securitisation and Debt Information Customer Information Download the app Enjoy Responsibly Contact Us Join our research panel Frequently Asked Questions © 2026 Greene King Accessibility Cookie Policy Privacy Sitemap Terms and Conditions