Email Online Invitations that WOW! | Greenvelope.com English English Spanish German French Dutch Log In Get Started Make & Send Your Online Invitation In Minutes. Easy, Real-Time RSVP Tracking. Enjoy One-of-a-kind Designs, RSVP Tracking, & More. Create & Send Beautiful Online Invitations for Any Occasion Make it your own with photos, music, & more. Get Started Please Enjoy this Greenvelope Sample Invitations Get Started Get Started Wedding & Related Wedding Invitations Wedding Save the Dates Marriage Announcements Anniversary Party Invitations Bachelor Party Invitations Bachelorette Party Invitations Bridal Shower Invitations Engagement Party Invitations Rehearsal Dinner Invitations Holiday Holiday Cards Holiday Invitations Christmas Cards Christmas Invitations Graduation Graduation Announcements Graduation Party Invitations Entertaining Birthday Party Invitations Entertaining Invitations Housewarming Party Invitations Moving Announcements Business Business Invitations Business Holiday Cards Business Holiday Party Invitations Business Christmas Cards Business Christmas Party Invitations Baby Baby Shower Invitations Birth Announcements Religious Baptism Invitations Communion Invitations Bar Mitzvah Invitations Bat Mitzvah Invitations Holiday Cards Holiday Invitations Christmas Cards Christmas Invitations Effortless Online Invitations and RSVP Tracking Deliver elegant online invitations directly to all of your friends and family with Greenvelope. Whether you want to upload your own custom design or tailor one of our exclusive designer suites, every invitation is delivered complete with personalized digital envelope, liner, stamp and RSVP tracking. Wedding Invitations View Designs Wedding Save The Dates View Designs Business Invitations View Designs Baby View Designs Birthday Party Invitations View Designs Holiday Cards View Designs Holiday Party Invitations View Designs Christmas Cards View Designs Christmas Invitations View Designs Other View Designs Powerful Features to Fully Customize Your Online Cards and Invitations Personalization Select a design curated from our community of indie designers, then update font, color, photos, layout, and more to make it your own. Importing Guest List Easily import contacts from a spreadsheet, directly from your email, or by using your Greenvelope address book. Messaging Stay connected with your guests through easy-to-use messaging that is perfect for last-minute updates and check-ins. Address Validation Prior to being sent, each email address will be automatically verified to ensure optimal delivery and minimize bouncebacks. Track RSVPs View ‘Yes’ and ‘No’ responses, open rates, and survey responses in real-time. RSVP collection has never been so easy. Survey Questions “Chicken or fish?” “Do you have a song request?” You can easily collect all the information you want—no matter the question. Daily Updates Opt to receive emails with the updates that are most important to you, from RSVP notifications to daily open rate summaries. Auto-Reminders Schedule and send reminders to subsets of your guest list to alert them of an upcoming RSVP deadline or event date. How Greenvelope Charges for Texting Every paid Greenvelope account includes a maximum of 500 text messages. This limit can be increased for an additional fee . You can purchase more text messages from the Billing tab in your account settings at any time. Greenvelope currently only allows purchasing 1,000 SMS messages per month to ensure our delivery reputation stays in good standing with partner carriers. We recommend sending larger blasts via email instead. Please contact support@greenvelope.com with questions. Thoughtfully Designed, Sustainably Crafted Our in-house team partners with a global community of independent illustrators, calligraphers, and artists to create exclusive, contemporary designs that reflect your unique style — without the waste. Every digital invite is a beautiful, eco-conscious choice that helps protect nature while celebrating what matters. Celebrate beautifully. Invite sustainably. Thoughtfully Designed, Sustainably Crafted Our in-house team partners with a global community of independent illustrators, calligraphers, and artists to create exclusive, contemporary designs that reflect your unique style — without the waste. Every digital invite is a beautiful, eco-conscious choice that helps protect nature while celebrating what matters. Celebrate beautifully. Invite sustainably. See All Designs Loading... Two-Sided Customize < Previous of Next > Favorite this Design for Later Start Customizing! Two-Sided Select This Component Two-Sided Matching Components You will have the option to fully customize the card text, background and envelope. You must be logged in to favorite a design. Create a free account now! Get Started This was my first time using an electronic invite service. I did my research on many other companies and found that Greenvelope had the most features for the price point I had in my budget. I was able to use Tags for different categories of people invited to different parts of my event, and added survey questions into each tag. I would highly recommend Greenvelope to family and friends. Liz They've created an invitation experience that's just like getting a paper invite in the mail, but in an environmentally friendly way! Not only does Greenvelope offer wonderful invitation and announcement designs, but they also offer FANTASTIC customer service Elise This app has been a LIFE SAVER!!! I've been able to send communications to guests as needed, and the way I'll be able to export the guest data to a spreadsheet and provide it to my venue coordinator is especially awesome. Andrea I didn't expect to find a robust invite software where it almost functions like an easy to use CRM. We are hosting our first product launch party- has made it super easy to understand who on the list has opened, responded, said yes, said no, never opened. You can easily take actions on each group. Sheel I loved that we were able to upload our own invitation design and further customize the details (envelope color, font, wedding information, etc.) on the platform. Greenvelope is very user-friendly for both hosts and guests. 10/10 Would recommend! Ingrid We LOVED the tracking feature and re-send feature as we were able to get a daily count and remind people to RSVP. Being able to add the venue address and map as well as the registry links was also very helpful and easy for those guests attending or unable to attend. Would recommend 10/10! Jill Pricing for Invitations & Memberships Send greeting cards to up to 10 people for free in trial mode. Any mailing or invitation sent to more than 10 people will require an upgrade. See More Pricing How many people are you sending to? Not sure? Not sure? Single Mailing Unlimited Mailings * Package Size Price Up to People Package Size Price Up to People / Mailing / Year * Annual memberships allow you to create unlimited mailings for one year as long as each mailing is for a unique purpose. See Less Pricing Frequently Asked Questions How does Greenvelope calculate people? Each person (with or without email) added to the mailing list counts as (1) person. For example, “The Smith Family” of John, Jill, Tim, and Lauren would count as (4) people. What if I am unsure how many people I need? In this case, we recommend purchasing a smaller package initially. You can then easily purchase additional people from within your mailing on an as needed basis. Can I send in multiple batches? Greenvelope allows you to resend invitations or send invitations to new contacts at any time. What if I need multiple versions of my card? The best way to set this up would be to have two different mailings. You will need to purchase a separate "single mailing" package for each version. Do you offer RSVP tracking? Yes! Greenvelope’s robust RSVP tracking makes planning effortless. You can collect RSVPs, track plus ones, gather meal selections, send RSVP reminders, set up seating charts, and more. Can I also send my invitations via text message? In addition to email, you can send your Greenvelope invitations and cards via SMS text message, WhatsApp, Facebook messenger, or a sharable link. Do you offer digital thank you notes or save the dates? Yes, in addition to our digital invitations and RSVP tracking, Greenvelope offers both save the dates and thank you notes. Each mailing type provides easy-to-use features, such as address collection on save the dates and individual customization for thank you notes. What if I need to update my invitation after I’ve sent it? You can do that! One of the many benefits of digital invitations is that you can add additional information, update your card, or quickly follow-up with guests with ease. Can I send a sample to myself? Yes! When you arrive at the 'Send' step after designing your mailing, your account information will automatically be added so you can easily send yourself a test and make sure everything looks exactly how you want it. What if I need help? Our Help Center is always available to help guide you through the process and answer common questions. If you have additional questions, our in-house customer support team is available 7:30am - 5pm PST Monday through Friday via support@greenvelope.com or 888-505-2588 . Protecting Nature Founded with the mission to create digital invitations that would provide all of the elegance of traditional invites without any of the waste, helping event hosts be more eco-friendly is at the core of what we do. Through partnerships with the National Forest Foundation, Mountains to Sound, the National Park Foundation, and 1% for the Planet, our online invitations will continue to do more than just save paper. Together we can invite a greener future. Start Our Trial Today. No Credit Card Required. Get Started On the Blog Wedding Invitation Wording Tool Read Now Simple Tips to Increase Your Open Rate Read Now Questions? Call us at 1-888-737-5635 Scroll to explore what sets Greenvelope apart... Scroll to learn more... English English Spanish German French Dutch About Designs Blog Career Affiliate Privacy Terms Contact us