Greenpeace UK Warning! Your browser does not support JavaScript! Menu Menu About About Greenpeace Victories How we win Contact Explore issues Climate Forests Justice Oceans Plastic Wildlife All issues Take action Join a campaign Support us Volunteer Be an activist Shop All actions Latest updates News & stories Press releases Research and analysis Support us Search Search Polluters won’t stop for Christmas So neither can we. Help power our fight by donating today. Donate today Together we defend the natural world and work for a green and peaceful future. Join Greenpeace today Get involved Join a campaign Apply for a job Support Greenpeace Volunteer with us Our campaigns are funded by our supporters – and we don’t accept any money from governments or corporations Support Greenpeace Top stories Latest highlights from Greenpeace's world-changing campaigns. See all updates Appeal The fight that can't stop for Christmas The planet needs us all year round. Victory Government ends North Sea oil & gas exploration No more hunting for oil we can't afford to burn. Recruiting now Your chance to join the Greenpeace Boat Team Help us take action on water. Clean power The 25 year battle for offshore wind This success story wasn't inevitable. Our impact Greenpeace campaigns are changing the world for the better. From saving the whales to getting rid of polluting cars, our victories are powered by individual donations, dedicated volunteers and millions of supporters. See Greenpeace victories Latest wins 2025 Arctic ocean mining put on ice Under pressure from Greenpeace and the wider movement, the new Norwegian government ruled out deep-sea mining in Arctic waters until at least the end of 2029. 2025 Oil and gas exploration ended No more hunting for fossil fuels we can’t afford to burn. Britain has banned new North Sea exploration licences, becoming the largest economy to turn away from oil and gas. 2025 Historic ocean treaty secured Following a worldwide campaign from Greenpeace and others, governments agreed a Global Ocean Treaty. The treaty paves the way for new ocean sanctuaries where sea life can recover and thrive. 2025 Bottom trawling banned in protected areas The government banned destructive bottom trawling in 41 Marine Protected Areas, following years of Greenpeace campaigning. 2024 UK ends the age of dirty coal power The UK has closed its last coal-fired power plant, pushing this climate-wrecking fuel off the grid for good. 2024 Major legal win on oil drilling A Greenpeace-supported court case on oil drilling has ended with a big win for the climate. UK fossil fuel projects will no longer be allowed to ignore the emissions from burning the fossil fuels they extract. 2024 Fishing ban helps protect puffins Puffins will be eating better thanks to a Greenpeace-backed ban on sand eel fishing. Sand eels are a vital food source for puffins and other seabirds. 2023 Vape waste vanquished No more disposable vapes littering the streets and filling up landfill sites. Over 250,000 people signed a successful petition to end the sale of throwaway vapes, tackling a rising waste problem. 2023 Seabed mining moratorium Greenpeace supporters helped persuade the UK government to call for a global ban on deep-sea mining. That's a big boost for the wider campaign to protect fragile seabed habitats. 2021 Europe's biggest clean air zone London made its ultra-low emissions zone 18 times bigger than before, after Greenpeace investigations showed thousands of children were exposed to illegal pollution levels. Research and analysis In-depth reports, briefings, investigations and analysis from Greenpeace experts. Explore Get action alerts Be first to know when there’s a chance make a difference. Sign up for Greenpeace action alerts, straight to your inbox. Δ Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Your first name (Required) Your last name (Required) Your email address (Required) Your phone This field is hidden when viewing the form Email opt in (Required) Yes Are you sure? This campaign and Greenpeace’s work needs your help to win. You can unsubscribe at any time in one click. If you sign up, we’ll keep you updated on how you can get involved through petitions, campaigning, volunteering and donating. You can opt out at any time . Read our privacy policy . Greenpeace UK Greenpeace UK Close Greenpeace International A Africa English • Français Aotearoa Argentina Australia Austria B Belgium Français • Nederlands Brazil Bulgaria C Canada English • Français Chile Colombia Croatia Czech Republic D Denmark E East Asia 中文简体 • 繁體 • 正體 • 한국어 • English European Union F Finland France G Germany Greece H Hungary I India English • Hindi Indonesia Israel Italy J Japan L Luxembourg Deutsch • Français M Malaysia Mexico Middle East and North Africa العربية • English • Français N Netherlands Norway P Peru Philippines Poland R Romania S Slovakia Slovenia South Asia Southeast Asia Spain Español • Català • Euskara • Galego Sweden Switzerland Deutsch • Français T Thailand Turkey U UK USA About Greenpeace Contact Jobs at Greenpeace Greenpeace shop Leave a legacy Greenpeace Press Centre Impact reports Unearthed investigations Research and analysis Greenpeace Environmental Trust Charity Privacy Policy Accessibility Follow us Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Threads Bluesky Text and images © Greenpeace UK Ltd 2015 - 2025. All Rights Reserved. Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you agree to our privacy policy Close