More Games:

Elvenar – Build a fantasy city

Tribal Wars 2 – the sequel to the classic

Forge of Empires – Strategy through the ages

LOGIN
facebook
google
Remember me
Forgot password?
Grepolis

Follow us on

REGISTER NOW
Choose your username
Enter your e-mail address
Choose your password
I accept the Terms and Conditions.
You can find our Privacy Policy here.
PLAY NOW
Connect with
facebook
google
COOKIE POLICY

We use cookies and measurement technologies to allow you to visit our website and use its functions and to give you the best gaming experience. Some cookies are strictly required for the operation of our website and games and cannot be deactivated. Other cookies (including the ones from our trusted partners) help us to personalize content, enable social media features, provide advertising in line with your interests and improve our website by providing us with statistics. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time.

Got it, thanks
No, thank you

Settings

Privacy Policy | Legal Notice

HOME
ABOUT GREPOLIS
NEWS
MEDIA
HALL OF FAME
HELP
FORUM
WIKI
ABOUT GREPOLIS

Are you ready to conquer Ancient Greece? Do you want to follow in the footsteps of Odysseus, Leonidas, the beautiful Helen, or other Greek heroes? Then join us on a unique adventure through the world of the ancient Greeks.

Grepolis is a free, browser-based online game with a strong focus on cooperative play and strategy. Your task is to transform a small polis (Greek for town) into a huge metropolis. Recruit a powerful army with mythical units like the Manticore or the Hydra. Navigate your seafaring troops through the Greek seas, and conquer faraway islands.

Forge mighty alliances with your friends, and coordinate attacks against common enemies on land, water, or from the skies. On your epic journey to fame and glory, do not neglect to earn the favour of the gods of the Greek pantheon: Zeus, Hera, Athena, Hades, Poseidon, and Artemis. Their goodwill could mean the difference between victory and defeat. Construct unique World Wonders, and become the most powerful ruler of Ancient Greece!

BUILD A MIGHTY METROPOLIS

Begin your adventure on a small, peaceful island, where you will meet other new players. Your task is to establish a new city and gather resources, which will help your city to blossom into a magnificent metropolis with the option of 13 different buildings, and 8 monumental structures. For example, building an academy will allow you to explore unknown technologies, and provide you with the opportunity to expand to other islands!

WIN THE FAVOUR OF THE GODS
APHRODITE

Aphrodite is the goddess of beauty and love. Known throughout all of Greece as the embodiment of beauty, her presence across her domain influences growth. Her power over this realm increases as she attracts more mortal attention with celebrations held in her name. Her charm and elegance allure enemies on the battlefield enchanting them with her radiant beauty.

ARES

Ares is the god of war. Entire armies collapse at his feet in fear, his skills in combat know no equal. His most devout followers give their lives not only for the glory of a good death, but in the name of Ares himself, feeding his might and fury. A master of military tactics, he imbues warriors with the strength of his most devoted martyrs, granting them unparalleled strength.

ARTEMIS

Artemis, the goddess of the hunt is a strict and gruesome goddess that's hostile towards all men. Her divine powers can cause her enemies to hallucinate; however, she can also improve the aim of distance fighters, and negate the spells of her enemies. Her versatility in battle is a force to be reckoned with.

ATHENA

Athena is the goddess of wisdom and courage, she is also considered the Patroness of Heroic Endeavour. As the daughter of Zeus the Unconquerable, she will bravely stand by her loyal defenders rallying them to form a tight impenetrable unit. It does not matter if there is an army standing at the city gate that is so vast that the earth itself shakes under their feet.

HADES

Hades is the lord of the underworld. He reigns over the realm of the dead, and guards its treasures. Hades grants you the power to revive units after your battles, and his mythical helmet keeps your armies undetected.

HERA

The goddess Hera is the protector of families. She gives strength and courage to your citizens. Her wedding spell increases your resource production for a short period of time, and keeps shivering farmers warm on cold winter days.

POSEIDON

As the ruler of the ocean, Poseidon resides in a crystal palace deep below the sea. When he is in a good mood; Poseidon creates new islands, and lets the ocean be still as well as navigable. On the other hand, when he gets angry, he plunges his trident into the ground, causing earthquakes, floods, and making ships sink.

ZEUS

As the ruler of Olympus, Zeus is the mightiest god of all. He uses his power to darken the sky, and his thunderbolt can destroy buildings, or attacking fleets.

TEAM UP WITH YOUR FRIENDS AND CONQUER NEW ISLANDS

In Grepolis, you will soon find new friends with whom you may want to join forces, and form a powerful alliance. You must then coordinate your next attacks, conceive elaborate strategies, and crush your enemies! Don't forget to defend your cities by creating a core, and always have a strategy for your troops. United you are strong, and can expand your empire; city by city, island by island, and ocean by ocean.

MEDIA

ARTWORKS

IMAGES

HALL OF FAME

The Hall of Fame lists the best players and alliances from each game world. Only those who master their warfare prowess, and have a well thought out, strategic approach to fight their enemies will be able to claim their place in the Hall of Fame.

To the Hall of Fame
©2009-2025
InnoGames GmbH
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Credits
More online games:
Forge of Empires
Elvenar
Tribal Wars
Tribal Wars 2
The West