Greyhound: Affordable Bus Tickets Across US, Canada & Mexico English Skip to main content Plan a Trip All Bus Destinations Route Map Deals & Promos Traveling to/from Mexico Traveling to/from Canada Download our App Weather and Emergency Advisories Travel Info Baggage Seat Reservations Station Location Location Features Bus Features Onboard Wi-Fi Children Traveling Your Rights and Rules on Board Manage My Booking Trip Tracker Help Help & Info Customers with Disabilities Payments & Tickets Tips for Your Journey & FAQs Contact Us Plan a Trip All Bus Destinations Route Map Deals & Promos Traveling to/from Mexico Traveling to/from Canada Download our App Weather and Emergency Advisories Travel Info Baggage Seat Reservations Station Location Location Features Bus Features Onboard Wi-Fi Children Traveling Your Rights and Rules on Board Manage My Booking Trip Tracker Help Help & Info Customers with Disabilities Payments & Tickets Tips for Your Journey & FAQs Contact Us English Open language selection English Open language selection English English Español Español Français 中文 Affordable bus travel from Greyhound Get ready! arriving in 3 mins. Get the app and travel with ease of mind Get live updates with push notifications and track your trip in real time. All of your travel details in one place. More travel options You now can select from more schedules across U.S., Mexico and Canada with Greyhound and FlixBus. Enjoy free onboard Wi-Fi We offer free Wi-Fi and power outlets to keep you connected and powered up during your trip. Reserve a Seat Reserve your favorite seat when you book your ticket. Need to make a change? Easily change your ticket or add bags with Manage My Booking. Where to next? Discover our travel map with over 1600 destinations across the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Explore the map Affordable Travel with Greyhound! Looking to explore the USA, Canada or Mexico? Greyhound has you covered with our vast network of routes! With 1,600+ destinations, finding the perfect ride for your journey is easy. Plus, our budget-friendly fares make it simple to get where you need to go, whether you’re traveling for business or pleasure. Flexible Bus Routes to Fit Your Schedule Traveling with Greyhound is simple and stress-free, thanks to our frequent departures, reliable schedules, and modern, comfortable buses. Our extensive network spans 1,600+ destinations and our online booking system and our app make planning your trip easy. Buy Bus Tickets With Greyhound Booking your journey with Greyhound is simple. Our website and app make it easy to find the best fares and purchase your tickets securely. Whether you're planning ahead or making a last-minute booking, we've got you covered. With our e-ticket system, boarding is hassle-free as your phone is your ticket! Explore Top Destinations with Greyhound Hop on a Greyhound and discover some of the most exciting cities in the United States. Whether you’re soaking up the history in Philadelphia or Chicago , enjoying the nightlife in New Orleans or Las Vegas , exploring the big city life of New York or Los Angeles , or uncovering hidden gems in San Francisco , our network of routes and frequent departures makes it easy to experience everything the US has to offer. Greyhound: A Greener Way to Travel Choosing Greyhound isn’t just smart— it’s sustainable . Traveling by bus reduces traffic and emissions compared to driving by car, and we’re committed to making our operations even greener. With high environmental standards across our fleet, alternative fuel options, and the ability to offset your carbon footprint when buying tickets, Greyhound helps you travel responsibly. Comfortable and Convenient Travel with Greyhound At Greyhound, we prioritize your comfort and convenience. Each passenger can bring one carry-on and one stowed bag, so you’ve got room for everything you need. Our buses come equipped with onboard WiFi , extra legroom, power outlets, and restrooms to ensure a smooth ride. With our simple booking platform and user-friendly app, planning your trip has never been easier. Book your ticket with Greyhound today and travel in comfort and style. Continue reading Popular Greyhound bus stops across the US Explore key Greyhound bus stops across the United States, providing convenient connections between major cities and regions. Perfect for planning your next journey, our list highlights the most frequented stations for travelers. San Antonio Bus Station, Texas Atlanta Bus Station, Georgia Houston Bus Station, Texas Dallas Bus Station, Texas New York Port Authority, New York Chicago Bus Station, Illinois Find more Greyhound bus stops across North America Continue reading Explore Popular Destinations and Connections Cities Connections New York, NY Boston, MA Atlanta, GA Houston, TX Washington, D.C. Dallas, TX Los Angeles, CA Philadelphia, PA Chicago, IL Orlando, FL Las Vegas, NV Newark, NJ Miami, FL Phoenix-Tempe, AZ San Antonio, TX Baltimore, MD Detroit, MI Austin, TX Indianapolis, IN Charlotte, NC Boston, MA - New York, NY New York, NY - Boston, MA Philadelphia, PA - New York, NY Washington, D.C. - New York, NY New York, NY - Washington, D.C. New York, NY - Philadelphia, PA Baltimore, MD - New York, NY Dallas, TX - Houston, TX Houston, TX - Dallas, TX New York, NY - Baltimore, MD Montreal, PQ - New York, NY Los Angeles, CA - Las Vegas, NV New York, NY - Atlantic City, NJ Toronto, ON - New York, NY Las Vegas, NV - Los Angeles, CA Albany, NY - New York, NY New York, NY - Montreal, PQ Atlantic City, NJ - New York, NY New York, NY - Albany, NY New York, NY - Toronto, ON Continue reading Bus Travel Route Map Get the App Bus Stops Deals & Promos Discover Bus to California Bus to Mississippi Bus to North Carolina Bus to New York Bus to Atlantic City Bus to Houston Bus to Atlanta Bus to Los Angeles Greyhound About Greyhound About FlixBus Careers Press Room Terms & Conditions of Purchase Terms & Conditions of Travel Sustainability Reseller login Customer Service Manage My Booking Track My Bus Seat Reservations Baggage Customers with Disabilities Contact Us Greyhound App Flix on: Reseller login Legal Privacy Policy Copyright Accessibility Statement Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Greyhound Lines, Inc.