Skip to main content
Top Nav - Audience Nav
Students
Current Students
Academic Resources
Living on Campus
Social Connections
Financial Services
Health, Wellness, & Safety
Career Exploration and Preparation
Families
Academics
Campus Life
Financial Services
Health, Wellness, & Safety
News, Events, and Communications
Travel and Transportation
Visitors
Dining
Lodging
Recreation
Shopping
EV Charging
Faculty and Staff
GrinnellShare
Academic Catalog
Dean's Office
Alumni
Alumni Community
Giving to Grinnell
Volunteering
News and Awards
Events
College Resources
Top Bar - Utility Links - Left
Visit
Apply
Give
Top Bar - Utility Links - Right
News
Calendar
Careers
People
Search Button
Expand/Collapse Menu
About Grinnell Expand
Grinnell at a Glance
Land Acknowledgement
Leadership and Administration
Social Innovator in Residence
Grinnell College National Poll
Admission and Aid Expand
Why Grinnell
Financial Aid and Cost of Attendance
Visit Grinnell
Apply to Grinnell
Academics Expand
Majors and Concentrations
The Academic Experience
Global Learning
Centers, Programs, and Resources
Libraries
Life at Grinnell Expand
Distinctly Grinnellian
Student Life
Athletics
Arts & Culture
Beyond Campus
Health, Wellness, & Recreation
Transportation
Civic Engagement
Student Organizations
After Grinnell Expand
Center for Careers, Life, and Service
Graduate Outcomes
Grinnellians Around the Globe
Alumni Outcomes Stories
Alumni
Pause Video
Grinnellians pursue passion with a purpose
See it in action
Curiosity can take you anywhere.

This is more than a place, and much bigger than an idea. Grinnell is a way of being and seeing. It’s an unwavering commitment to the journey of discovery, both in everything we want to do and everything we want to become.

No two journeys are the same. In fact, we’ve designed it that way.

Welcome to the world of intellectual freedom. Here, you’re in charge of how your studies take shape and where you want them to take you.

How We Learn

Free inquiry is no easy feat. You’ll think critically and creatively about the world around you. You’ll dive deep into theoretical and scientific research. You’ll work alongside world-class experts, advisers, and mentors who are dedicated to your success.

Define your direction.
Why We’re Here

This is bigger than a degree. You’re at Grinnell to discover what you want to do and what you can do for this world. To move issues of purpose, responsibility, and social justice beyond conversation and into tangible action. To build a career that matters, before even leaving campus.

Make your mark.
Who We Are

We come from all over. We study all sides. Across our open community, you’ll find we’re not afraid to step into unfamiliar conversations, challenging perspectives, or countries far away from home.

Grow to know us.
Featured News
More News
Campus & Community
A Nutcracker to Remember in Grinnell
The College, Grinnell School of Music, and the Grinnell Area Arts Council worked together to bring the Ballet Des Moines’ professional production of The Nutcracker to Grinnell. Notably, this performance also brought together 30 Grinnell area young dancers to collaborate with the professional ballerinas. Leading up to the performance, the Des Moines Ballet collaborated with these students to gracefully integrate them into the production.
Campus & Community
Hannah’s Journey
Hannah Sweet ’25 wanted a small community where she could know her professors and classmates well. The Grinnell community offered that and more.
Alumni News
How Donors Shape Student Journeys
Thanks to donor support, anthropology major Noah Biniam ’26 has traveled from Ecuador to Atlanta pursuing his dream of becoming a filmmaker. Learn more about Noah’s time at Grinnell and the valuable lessons he’s learned.
Photo of Welcome sign for Grinnell College
Explore the Campus
Plan Your Visit
Take the Virtual Tour
Grinnell at a Glance
3,000+
Internship Opportunities in the U.S. and Abroad
Get Connected
9:1
Student-Faculty Ratio
Meet our Faculty
500+
Free Events, Lectures, Performances, and Symposia Each Year
Grab a Ticket
On the Ground

Catch what's new on campus and connect with Grinnellians around the world.

Follow Along
Request Info
Visit
Apply
1115 8th Avenue
Grinnell, IA 50112
641-269-4000
Directions and Map
Museum of Art
Athletics
Bookstore
Careers
Policies
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Consumer Information
Sexual Respect
Web Accessibility Statement
 Facebook  Instagram  Linkedin  Tiktok  Youtube

Nondiscrimination Statement: Grinnell College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, religion, disability, creed or any other protected class, in admission, employment, housing, education, services, and all other activities of the College. For additional information, see the full policy

We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services.

To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "I Agree." For more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy.

I Agree Privacy Policy