GROHE – Premium Bathroom Taps, Showers & Kitchen solutions Skip to main content Log in Cart Project list Project list Log in Cart EN | GB Products Service & support Inspiration GROHE SPA Your browser does not support the video tag. GROHE Colours collection Enjoy the full spectrum of GROHE Colours, materials and finishes like gold, bronze, anthracite, steel or black. Experience GROHE Colours For every space where water matters From the serene sanctuary of the bathroom to the dynamic heart of the kitchen, we design solutions that elevate every experience with water. Discover precision-crafted products designed for life, delivering seamless integration for professionals while bringing Pure Freude an Wasser – the pure joy of water – to every home.This promise is built on our four core pillars: exceptional quality in fit, feel and finish, benefit-driven technology, award-winning design, and a deep commitment to impactful sustainability. Bathroom Explore GROHE  Bathroom solutions Kitchen Discover GROHE Kitchen solutions Toilet View GROHE  Toilet & WC solutions Previous slide Next slide Bathroom Explore GROHE  Bathroom solutions Kitchen Discover GROHE Kitchen solutions Toilet View GROHE  Toilet & WC solutions Our promise: “Pure Freude an Wasser” What creates "Pure Freude an Wasser"? It's when Quality, Technology, Design and Sustainability come together. At the core of the GROHE brand are these four pillars: Previous slide Next slide Quality We craft products with exceptional fit, feel, and finish, ensuring quality that delivers lasting pure joy of water. Technology We enhance water experiences by innovating technologies that meet the needs of people worldwide. Design We create consumer-centric designs based on real insights that enable bespoke bathroom and kitchen spaces. Sustainability We deliver uncompromising experiences that minimise resource consumption along the value chain. Quality We craft products with exceptional fit, feel, and finish, ensuring quality that delivers lasting pure joy of water. Technology We enhance water experiences by innovating technologies that meet the needs of people worldwide. Design We create consumer-centric designs based on real insights that enable bespoke bathroom and kitchen spaces. Sustainability We deliver uncompromising experiences that minimise resource consumption along the value chain. GROHE SPA: Wellbeing through water Elevate your bathroom into a bespoke home spa, where water becomes the source of personal wellbeing. This is Salus Per Aquam – Wellbeing through water – brought to life through GROHE SPA: Our most exclusive collection of award-winning designs, crafted from the finest materials and offering unparalleled customisation. This is the pinnacle of GROHE, created for those who seek to design truly unique wellness experiences. Discover GROHE SPA Your craft. Our passion. We understand that a successful project demands both flawless execution and a compelling vision. That's why we're dedicated to being your trusted partner, providing the essential tools for efficient installation alongside the creative inspiration to design extraordinary spaces. Whatever your role, we have the dedicated resources to help you deliver excellence. For Installer Get tools & technical support For Architects & Designers Plan & specify projects News & events Previous slide Next slide Building better with GROHE EPD & C2C Sustainability Technology Professional Consumer Installer More... GROHE’s less plastic initiative Sustainability Technology Installer Architect & Designer Consumer More... GROHE water insights 2025 Trending Sustainability Technology Professional Installer More... Building better with GROHE EPD & C2C Sustainability Technology Professional Consumer Installer More... GROHE’s less plastic initiative Sustainability Technology Installer Architect & Designer Consumer More... GROHE water insights 2025 Trending Sustainability Technology Professional Installer More... Browse all GROHE is a leading global brand dedicated to providing innovative water technology products for complete bathroom solutions and kitchens. Follow us Products Bathroom Kitchen Toilet Spare parts GROHE SPA Inspiration About About GROHE Quality Technology Design Sustainability Working at GROHE GROHE Plants Press Service & support Contact & support Showrooms FAQ Warranty Register products Returns Useful links Learn & discover News & events Guides & tips Project list Training companion Follow us Privacy policy Cookie settings Terms & conditions Product safety Imprint Tax strategy