Home – Kudos: Growing the influence of research Kudos Subjects Explore subjects All stories Arts and humanities Business and management Environmental research Life sciences Medical research Physical sciences Social sciences Technology and engineering Services and resources About Kudos Publishers Pharma Institutions and universities Individual researchers and groups Welcome pack and guides Webinars and courses Blog and news Search Kudos Search Main menu Home Showcases on Kudos Discover Loading… Services and resources What's new Support Log in Sign up free Discover Showcases on Kudos Subjects on Kudos Arts and humanities Business and management Environmental research Life sciences Medical research Physical sciences Social sciences Technology and engineering Services and resources About Kudos Publishers Pharma Institutions and universities Individual researchers and groups Welcome pack and guides Webinars and courses Blog and news Admin Grow the influence of your research Tell the story of your research and showcase it to a global audience. Join for free Learn more Explore research Stories from scientists, written for everyone to understand. Explore our research Stories Publication extender A review of nonsurgical neurolytic procedures for neuropathic pain Project Fraying Ties? Networks, Territory and Transformation in the UK Oil Sector Article Indigenous Wisdom & Climate Action in Canada's Prairies: Bridging Cultures for a Sustainable Future Article Turning Cashew Apple Waste into Vegan Meat: A Sustainable Food Innovation Article Who Is Overlooked in Poverty Studies and Why It Matters Publication extender KDIGO 2025: Highlighting updated treatment and management guidelines for IgA nephropathy Article SpaceLink: High-Speed Fiber Optic Network for Reliable Martian Communication Article Why use Injection Moulding to perform aesthetic composite bonding dental treatments? Article Improving Brazil's Water Treatment: Tackling Pesticide Pollution in Drinking Supplies Article New Mini-Tab Device Boosts Tiltrotor Aircraft Safety by Reducing Whirl Flutter Explore Kudos Kudos for Pharma and Life Sciences Sustainable Development Goals Artificial Intelligence Arts and Humanities Business and Management Climate Change COVID and beyond Environmental Research Life Sciences Medical Research Physical Sciences Social Sciences Technology and Engineering See more Showcases Interested in hearing about exciting research discoveries, direct from scientists? Register to stay up to date. Researchers on Kudos Dr. Myriam Quiñones García Professor of Marketing, Universidad Autonoma de Madrid Prof. Mariem Liouaeddine Professor of Economics, Universite Ibn Tofail Prof. Othman H Alkhadher Faculty Member, Department of Psychology, College of Social Sciences, Kuwait University. Join for free Kudos For researchers For publishers For universities For pharma For research groups Research showcase About Kudos News Careers Engineering blog Service status User guide Content and resources FAQs Contact us Terms & conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy © 2025 Kudos Innovations Ltd. Kudos is registered in England – Registration
				No. 08642156. Registered Office: Kudos Innovations Ltd, 100 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M
				2AT, UK