Grunge | History, Crime, Science, & Strange News Weird Mythical Creatures Superstitions Conspiracy Theories Paranormal Aliens Untold Truth The Most Dangerous History Wars Inventions Discoveries Mysteries Religion Ancient History Dictators Cults Assassinations Royals Messed Up History American History Entertainment Old Hollywood Music Sports Tragic Real-Life Stories Scandals Science Space Climate Human Body Nature Animals Plants & Trees National Parks Features About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Grunge | History, Crime, Science, & Strange News Weird History Entertainment Science Nature Features Classic Rock 5 Classic Rock Songs From The '70s That Sound Even Cooler Today Amidst all the restless, churning desire to make novel and cool music in the '70s, certain songs stood out as especially cool on the classic rock front. By Richard Milner Read More Music 5 Classic Breakup Songs Made Famous By Movies Some of the best breakup songs have been given to us by movies, themselves a mainstay of post-breakup self-care right up there with ice cream and friend time. By Chris Turner-Neal Read More Music '60s Flop Songs That Turned Into Smash Hits These smash hits from UB40, the Beatles, Santana, Soft Cell, and the Stones were previously flops for other artists. Here's a look at their origin stories. By S. Flannagan Read More More Stories Country Music Country Music By Brian Boone 2 days ago Fallout's Season 2 Soundtrack Resurrects This 1960 Western Banger The second season of "Fallout" reaches into franchise history to revive a classic Western song that was popularized in "Fallout: New Vegas." By Brian Boone 2 days ago Read More Classic Rock Classic Rock By Sergio Pereira 2 days ago 5 '80s Rock Songs We'll Be Blasting On Repeat 'Til The Day We Die No matter the time and place, nor how old anyone is, there are some '80s rock songs that seem to do something supernatural to us, and they never get old. By Sergio Pereira 2 days ago Read More Music Music By Brian Boone 3 days ago '70s Breakup Songs That Take Every Boomer Back To Their First Heartache Heartache is part of life, and artists like Bill Withers, Carole King, and others made it the subject of songs that boomers will remember with melancholy. By Brian Boone 3 days ago Read More Music Music By Brian Boone 3 days ago This No. 1 Barry Manilow Song Was Renamed Because Of A '70s Rock Hit Barry Manilow had a lot of hits, and one particular No. 1 song initially had the same name as another chart-topper from a 1970s band around the same time. By Brian Boone 3 days ago Read More Music Music By S. Flannagan 3 days ago Music Wasn't Better In The 'Good Ole Days' — And Our Case Is Airtight The pioneering days of pop, rock 'n' roll, and other musical genres may seem superior to today's acts, but we think nothing could be further from the truth. By S. Flannagan 3 days ago Read More Music Music By Richard Milner 3 days ago Barry Manilow Had Serious Doubts About His 1978 Single Copacabana Barry Manilow's "Copacabana" is a "story song," with characters like Lola, Tony, and Rico, and a tale that reads like a tragic piece of fiction. By Richard Milner 3 days ago Read More Music Music By Sarah Crocker 4 days ago '80s Wedding Songs That Will Stir Up Nostalgia In Every Late Boomer A modern wedding likely means a late boomer (or two, or more) is involved, and they are well-situated to have a nostalgic take on their own youth in the 1980s. By Sarah Crocker 4 days ago Read More Music Music By Beth McMurray 4 days ago These '70s Dance Songs Will Get Every Gen Xer Out Of Their Seats We all have our own musical tastes, but there's a rare group of '70s dance songs that are so timeless, they even get Gen Xers moving on the dance floor. By Beth McMurray 4 days ago Read More Music Music By Richard Milner 5 days ago 5 Songs From The '80s That Define Rock History The 1980s saw a wide range of new styles of rock building on the established sound. Bands like AC/DC had hits along side The Cure, U2, and Nine Inch Nails. By Richard Milner 5 days ago Read More History History By Chris Turner-Neal 6 days ago The Most Controversial Toys Ever Sold In Stores Did you know that Sea Monkeys had Nazi ties, and Labubus are (probably) emissaries of Satan? Here's a roundup of controversial toys through the decades. By Chris Turner-Neal 6 days ago Read More Music Music By Brian Boone 6 days ago The Meaning Behind Paul McCartney's Darkest Songs Paul McCartney's compositions are generally optimistic, but sometimes he likes to dive into more moody, negative, reflective, and ominous sounds. By Brian Boone 6 days ago Read More Music Music By Lorenzo Tanos 7 days ago This '90s Band Defined Grunge, But Not With The Album Everyone Says Several bands encapsulated the '90s grunge sound, but this groundbreaking group's third album helped define the sound even more than their most popular one. By Lorenzo Tanos 7 days ago Read More Music Music By Brian Boone 7 days ago This Classic Love Song Held The No. 1 Spot The Longest In 1973 Plenty of love songs topped the charts in 1973, but it was a music legend's heartstring-tugging ode that claimed the top spot for the longest that year. By Brian Boone 7 days ago Read More Music Music By Brian Boone 8 days ago The 5 Most Popular Covers Of '70s Songs The 1970s saw a lot of great music, but some songs from that decade were covered by artists who took them to new heights. You'll recognize these recycled hits. By Brian Boone 8 days ago Read More Tragic Real-Life Stories Tragic Real-Life Stories By DB Kelly 8 days ago AC/DC's Tragic Real-Life Story AC/DC are the kings of party songs, but their real-life stories haven't always been fun. The hard-rocking band has weathered their fair share of tragedies. By DB Kelly 8 days ago Read More Music Music By S. Flannagan 8 days ago This Iconic Love Song Held The No. 1 Spot The Longest In 1969 You may be surprised to know that the love song that stayed at No. 1 the longest in 1969 during the culmination of the counterculture was a bubblegum pop song. By S. Flannagan 8 days ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Steven Luna 9 days ago Bizarre Celebrity Moments We Can't Forget Whether it's odd behavior secretly caught on camera or shocking acts committed on live TV, these celebs have provided us with some unforgettable moments. By Steven Luna 9 days ago Read More Music Music By Andrew Amelinckx 9 days ago 5 Songs From 1975 That Define Rock History Hindsight tells us what defined rock history. Looking back at 1975, it's clear that Patti Smith, Queen, Fleetwood Mac, War, and Bob Dylan made a big impact. By Andrew Amelinckx 9 days ago Read More Music Music By Richard Milner 10 days ago This Iconic Love Song Held The No. 1 Spot The Longest In 1977 Few songs have topped the Billboard Hot 100 for 10 weeks or longer, and in 1977, this heart-lifting and Grammy-winning solo debut joined this elite club. By Richard Milner 10 days ago Read More Music Music By Richard Milner 10 days ago 5 Rock Songs From The '80s We'll Be Blasting On Repeat 'Til The End Of Time The '80s left us with a vast catalog of outstanding rock music, but from Motörhead to Prince, these are the tunes that will always remain on our playlist. By Richard Milner 10 days ago Read More Music Music By S. Flannagan 11 days ago '80s Rock Icons That Tarnished Their Own Legacy The rock stars of the 1980s enjoyed lifestyles that you don't see much anymore, but after the glitz and glam subsided, some ended up ruining their reputations. By S. Flannagan 11 days ago Read More Messed-Up History Messed-Up History By Kathy Benjamin 11 days ago What Happened To The Survivors Of Hiroshima And Nagasaki Hundreds of thousands were killed and injured when the U.S. dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima And Nagasaki, but here's a look at the stories of 12 survivors. By Kathy Benjamin 11 days ago Read More Music Music By S. Flannagan 12 days ago The 5 Best Rock Songs From Female Musicians These five songs, including a '70s punk rock cornerstone and a blistering 1990s alt-rock breakup anthem, broke new ground for women in rock 'n' roll. By S. Flannagan 12 days ago Read More Hard Rock Hard Rock By Brian Boone 13 days ago Why 1994 Was Alternative Rock's Best Year Ever In 1994, alternative rock had its moment, and the year turned out to be one of the most artistically inventive the genre has seen to this day. By Brian Boone 13 days ago Read More News News By Richard Milner 14 days ago Caroll O'Connor's 1971 Performance Of All In The Family's Remembering You Is Heartbreaking Now "All in the Family's" Caroll O'Connor once performed the show's lesser-known closing song, "Remembering You," and today it's even more heartbreaking. By Richard Milner 14 days ago Read More Music Music By Steven Luna 14 days ago Why This Forgotten '90s Band Deserves A Comeback Over All The Others The '90s produced a lot of bands that became iconic, but we think that one of the more forgotten bands of that era is due for a comeback. Here's why. By Steven Luna 14 days ago Read More Entertainment Entertainment By Chris Turner-Neal 15 days ago 13 Movies That Defined 1980s Pop Culture Horror, comedy, drama, and the reborn romantic comedy all saw evergreen new films during the 1980s, and some of them left permanent marks on pop culture. By Chris Turner-Neal 15 days ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® Grunge.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.