GS1 | The Global Language of Business Skip to main content The Global Language of Business Service Menu MO Zone login Contact us Get your barcodes The Global Language of Business About About us About GS1 What we do History Public Policy About GS1 GS1 2024/25 Year in review Paving the way for 2030 with GS1's global vision See our year in review Careers Explore opportunities and take your career to the next level View open positions Management Board Get to know the industry leaders who are making a difference Meet the board What we do How we got here Public Policy Contact GS1 Year in review Careers Management Board Standards What do you need? How GS1 standards work GS1 Standards Development Recently published standards Traceability Sustainability Standards Identify ID Keys Capture Barcodes EPC/RFID Share GS1 Global Data Model GDSN See all Services Useful Links Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Services Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) The world's largest product data network. Read more Verified by GS1 Get product identity right with Verified by GS1 Read more GPC Browser service Browse all components of the published GPC schemas. Read more Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) Verified by GS1 GPC Browser service Industries Industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Insights & Events Insights & Events Events & Calendar Latest news Case studies GS1 Industry and Standards Event 22 - 25 Sep 2025 | Virtual View event GS1 Industry and Standards Event 40th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference 04 - 06 Nov 2025 | Brussels View event 40th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference Get your barcodes About About us About GS1 What we do History Public Policy About GS1 GS1 2024/25 Year in review Paving the way for 2030 with GS1's global vision See our year in review Careers Explore opportunities and take your career to the next level View open positions Management Board Get to know the industry leaders who are making a difference Meet the board What we do How we got here Public Policy Contact GS1 Year in review Careers Management Board Standards What do you need? How GS1 standards work GS1 Standards Development Recently published standards Traceability Sustainability Standards Identify ID Keys Capture Barcodes EPC/RFID Share GS1 Global Data Model GDSN See all Services Useful Links Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Services Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) The world's largest product data network. Read more Verified by GS1 Get product identity right with Verified by GS1 Read more GPC Browser service Browse all components of the published GPC schemas. Read more Check digit calculator Who owns this barcode? GMN generator Other services & tools Global Data Synchronisation Network (GDSN) Verified by GS1 GPC Browser service Industries Industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Retail Selling Online Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical industries Insights & Events Insights & Events Events & Calendar Latest news Case studies GS1 Industry and Standards Event 22 - 25 Sep 2025 | Virtual View event GS1 Industry and Standards Event 40th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference 04 - 06 Nov 2025 | Brussels View event 40th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference Get your barcodes GS1 brings trusted medical product information to smartphones through collaboration with Google Launch of smartphone camera scanning of GS1 DataMatrix barcodes marks a global breakthrough for patient safety. Learn More GS1 Vision 2030 Our new global strategy to help businesses grow and lead with trusted data in a digital-first world. Learn More Global Forum 2026 Noordwijk-Amsterdam & Virtual 9-12 February From Vision to Action Register now & book your hotel! Register now 40 th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference 4-6 November 2025 Brussels, Belgium Learn more GS1 Healthcare 20th anniversary Safer, smarter care starts with a simple scan Learn more New report: ’One Product, One Barcode’. Simplifying healthcare with a single scan for safer, more efficient supply chains and better patient outcomes. Read the report One Scan. Infinite Possibilities. Discover how next generation barcodes are transforming consumer experiences and unlocking new business opportunities. Learn more Leaders from the world’s biggest retail and consumer goods companies call for the transition to QR Codes with GS1 standards. Read the Industry Global Joint Statement Read the new Allegro case study Discover how Poland’s leading e-commerce platform is using GS1 standards to improve product search and enhance the customer experience. Read the case study New Verified by GS1 success stories are now available Learn how industry is adopting Verified by GS1 to address a variety of business challenges around the world Read the article We empower organisations to grow efficiently, sustainably and safely — helping transform the way we work and live. Our standards enable organisations to identify, capture and share information smoothly, creating a common language that underpins systems and processes all over the world. Learn more about GS1 Bridging the physical and digital worlds to improve consumer experiences and patient safety Making it possible to do business more efficiently and safely Bringing industry stakeholders together to move business forward Standards and services GS1 standards are the most widely used system of standards in the world, and we offer a portfolio of services and tools to make adoption of our standards easier and more impactful to your business. Check digit calculator Calculate the correct check digit to confirm the integrity of your barcode number /check-digit-calculator Is this a valid ID? Verified by GS1 makes it possible to check core data about products, location and much more. /services/verified-by-gs1 Learn more about the GTIN The Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) can be used by a company to uniquely identify all of its trade items /standards/id-keys/gtin View more services and tools Need a barcode? Selling a product starts with a GS1 barcode number/GTIN Get your barcode/GTIN Learn about next generation barcodes powered by GS1 Case studies See how GS1 standards and technologies are used to help businesses thrive. Public sector Verified by GS1 facilitates the precise implementation of China’s Home Upgraded Policy GS1 standards are helping China’s Ministry of Commerce implement the national Home Upgraded Policy, ... Marketplaces Baidu: Making product information more searchable, scannable and trusted GS1 standards are helping China’s leading search engine connect users to verified product and enterp... Marketplaces Allegro: Enhancing online shopping with trusted data As e-commerce grows, Allegro is reducing duplicates and improving search with GS1 GTINs for a better... See all case studies News 12/12/25 PepsiCo Intermediate Menu 01/12/25 The core relevance of trusted identification and data in an AI-driven world 20/11/25 GS1 brings trusted medicine information to smartphones through collaboration with Google – empowering patients View all Events 22 - 25 Sep 2025 GS1 Industry and Standards Event 04 - 06 Nov 2025 40th GS1 Healthcare Global Conference View all Footer Menu Standards Need a barcode General Specifications Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) Next generation barcodes Services Verified by GS1 GS1 GDSN Check digit calculator EPC encoder/decoder Industries Retail Healthcare Transport & Logistics Technical Industries Insights & Events Events Calendar Case studies About GS1 What we do Our story Public Policy Careers FAQs Social Media Menu Footer Service Menu Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie Policy GS1 Competition Law Caution GS1 Intellectual Property Policy Website feedback Contact us Cookie Settings