Skip to content
Skip to search
Change location
Search
Menu
Behind the science
Mapping disease at the cellular level: A single-cell revolution in drug discovery

A pioneering collaboration is unlocking the secrets of disease by zooming in on individual cells. Using single-cell and spatial genomics, scientists are discovering new cell types, revealing new drug targets, and harnessing artificial intelligence to transform how we understand and treat complex conditions – from COPD to liver and kidney disease.

Read more
Pause video
Our purpose
We are a focused biopharma company with strong momentum and big ambitions, to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together. We aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of the decade, as a successful, growing company where people can thrive.

Our R&D focus is on four therapeutic areas: respiratory, immunology and inflammation; oncology; HIV; and infectious diseases.​

Purpose, strategy and culture
Why invest in GSK?
RESPIRATORY, IMMUNOLOGY AND INFLAMMATION
7m
deaths each year due to lung diseases
Go to respiratory, immunology and inflammation
ONCOLOGY
~10m
people died from cancer in 2022, making it a leading cause of death worldwide
Go to oncology
HIV
40m
people living with HIV globally
Go to HIV
INFECTIOUS DISEASES
1 in 6
deaths globally caused by infectious disease
Go to infectious diseases

Behind the science

Discover how we're getting ahead
‘Digital biological twins and organoids might sound like sci-fi, but they’re real – and we’re using them to fight cancer’
‘Finding the right treatment for my asthma and nasal polyps has transformed my life. I hope my experience can help others achieve the same’
‘Long-acting therapies are no longer the future of HIV treatment – they are the now’
‘Cancer doesn’t have to be a deadly disease – it’s our goal to make it curable’
‘This could be a golden moment’: Is prevention the ‘medicine’ we need to end the HIV epidemic?
‘I feel hopeless and frustrated’: Why patients living with incurable blood cancers need more treatment options
Read our magazine

Life at GSK

Find out what it's like to work with us
Make a difference with us
Do your best work with us
Be yourself with us
Careers at GSK
Positively impacting society and the planet
AccessGlobal health and health securityEnvironmentInclusionEthical standardsProduct governance
01 / 06
Previous slide
Next slide
Access

We are making our products affordable and available to more people around the world through responsible pricing, strategic access programmes and partnerships.

Access
Global health and health security

We are committed to change the trajectory of high burden diseases in lower-income countries with a focus on prevention and treatment of infectious diseases.

Global health and health security
Environment

We're committed to work towards a net zero, nature positive, healthier planet, with ambitious goals set for 2030 and 2045.

Environment
Inclusion

To be a successful business and deliver positive health impact at scale, we must meet patients’ needs with research that includes those impacted by the disease under study, attract and retain the best talent regardless of background, and support all GSK people to thrive.

Inclusion
Ethical standards

Our culture guides our people to do the right thing and act on any concerns they have.

Ethical standards
Product governance

Ensuring the quality, safety and reliable supply of our products is critical to our purpose of uniting science, talent and technology to get ahead of disease together.

Product governance
NYSE
49.11 USD
+0.03
Share price at 29 December 2025 16:00
Go to calculator
INVESTORS

We announced our third quarter 2025 results on Wednesday 29 October

View latest results

Continue to Company 

Gsk Logo

This is our global website, intended for visitors seeking information on GSK's worldwide business.  Our market sites can be reached by visiting our location selector.  

 

© 2001-2025 GSK plc. All rights reserved. Trade marks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies.

GSK plc. Registered in England and Wales No. 3888792.

Registered office: 79 New Oxford Street, London. United Kingdom. WC1A 1DG

> Modern Slavery Act Statement 2024 (PDF - 162.5KB)

GSK websites
Locations selector
Social media directory
GSKPro for healthcare professionals
GSK study register
Supplier website
ViiV Healthcare
Quick links
Behind the science magazine
Company
Innovation
Products
Responsibility
Investors
Media
Careers
Get in touch
Contact us
Partnerships
Report a possible side effect
GSK Speak up
Follow us on:
Accessibility
Digital sustainability
Terms of use
Cookie policy
Privacy notice
Sitemap