Greenberg Traurig, LLP | Greenberg Traurig LLP Skip to main content Professionals Capabilities Insights Locations Our Firm News Events Careers search menu Search English العربية Deutsch English (United Kingdom) español עברית italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands polski português 中文 Search submit search {{typeahead}} GT Means go-to Find Your Go-To Professional In Memoriam: Larry J. Hoffman It is with a heavy heart that we announce the passing of Larry J. Hoffman, one of Greenberg Traurig’s co-founders and the architect of the plan to build a global law firm. He passed on September 11, 2025, at 95. Larry’s strategic vision and business acumen set the blueprint not only for Greenberg Traurig’s growth, but for a new approach to the entire legal profession. In Memoriam Adapt. Act. Advance. In a rapidly changing world, having the right legal partner makes a vital difference. At Greenberg Traurig, we help clients master uncertainty through proactive legal strategies, skilled counsel, and access to vast resources worldwide. Together, we’re changing how Big Law works for you. Watch Video . Learn More Executive Order and Presidential Actions Hub President Donald Trump has opened his second term with more than 100 executive orders, proclamations and memorandums. These executive actions will have broad legal and economic impacts on public and private sector entities. Our Federal Government Law & Policy Practice, in collaboration with a broad and experienced network of practice and industry lawyers across the firm, have created this hub as a resource to help track all of these changes, and will continue to update it with summaries, analysis, and other practical information. Learn More Corporate Transparency Act Task Force On Jan. 1, 2024, the Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) took effect, requiring non-exempt U.S. entities and non-exempt foreign entities registered to do business in the United States to submit beneficial ownership information (BOI) reports to a confidential database maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). Learn More Greenberg Traurig's Alumni Network Connection and collaboration are at the heart of Greenberg Traurig's core values. Each GT attorney - no matter whether presently here or previously with the firm - is an important part of our history and our future. One firm; one team; we stay connected. Visit the Greenberg Traurig Alumni Network GT Alumni Network Topics that matter, perspectives with impact. Our team wants you to stay informed about legal and regulatory developments that impact your business. Explore our thought leadership library for information and perspectives on topics that you've been thinking about lately, or visit one of our industry-focused blogs . See All Insights December 22, 2025 2025 State & Local Tax (SALT) Season Wrap-Up December 22, 2025 2026 Outlook: Artificial Intelligence December 19, 2025 Greenberg Traurig Represents UWM Holdings  in $1.3B Acquisition of Two Harbors Investment December 19, 2025 Media Coverage Battery Co. Factorial To Go Public Via $1.1B SPAC Deal Law360 December 19, 2025 Providing Useful Tools: FINRA Releases its 2026 Annual Regulatory Oversight Report, Together with a FINRA Unscripted Podcast Filled with Senior Leadership Insights December 17, 2025 4 Greenberg Traurig Attorneys Recognized in Lexology Index: Sports and Gaming 2026 December 19, 2025 UK Government Working Paper: Options to Reform Noncompete Clauses in Employment Contracts December 17, 2025 2025 Round-Up: Major Colorado Employment Law Developments December 22, 2025 Greenberg Traurig Strengthens Public Finance & Infrastructure Practice with Houston Shareholder Taylor Klavan December 22, 2025 Greenberg Traurig Grows Litigation Practice with Former Sunoco Chief Counsel for Litigation and Temple University Chief of Staff Sophia Lee Global scale with street smarts. With 51 locations, Greenberg Traurig's global network provides the platform clients need to operate in today’s legal marketplace. Rankings Globally by Chambers 800+ Languages Spoken 60+ Countries 15 With 51 locations, Greenberg Traurig's global network provides the platform clients need to operate in today’s legal marketplace. Our team is recognized by rankings in current Chambers Guides in jurisdictions and practices around the world, based on thousands of interviews with practicing lawyers and clients. In addition,
Greenberg Traurig is proud to have more lawyers listed in The Best Lawyers in America © than any other law firm, a position we have held since 2008. Explore Locations Contact Us GT Alumni Network Terms of Use European Offices Privacy Notice Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Disclosures Cookie settings © 2025 Greenberg Traurig, LLP. Attorney Advertising. All rights reserved. Abu Dhabi˹ Albany Amsterdam Aspen Atlanta Austin Berlin ¬ Boston Charlotte Chicago Dallas Delaware Denver Dubai‹ Fort Lauderdale Houston Las Vegas London* Long Island Los Angeles Mexico City+ Miami Milan» Minneapolis Munich ¬ New Jersey New York Northern Virginia Orange County Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Riyadh« Sacramento Salt Lake City San Diego San Francisco São Paulo› Seoul∞ Shanghai Silicon Valley Singapore⁼ Tallahassee Tampa Tel Aviv^ Tokyo¤ Warsaw~ Washington, D.C West Palm Beach Westchester County © 2025 Greenberg Traurig, LLP. Attorney Advertising. All rights reserved. Symbols refer to GT's office structure, which is detailed on the Disclosures page.