Guiding Tech - How To Articles, Gadget Buying Guides, Tech Lists Guiding Tech Android Windows Internet and Social iOS Gadgets Mac Buying Guides Helping millions of people navigate the world of technology. 60M+ Annual Readers 6,000+ Guides and Reviews 5,400+ Tech Videos Latest News How to Set Up RSVP and Calendar Poll in Outlook By Lloyd Ingram in Internet and Social Help Outlook recipients RSVP to meetings and appointments by using the Scheduling Poll option to set up a calendar poll in Outlook. Excel How to Format a Whole Row Based on One Cell To get Excel format a whole row based on one cell, you can use conditional formatting. Here are two basic... PowerPoint Can’t Remove Textbox – What to Do If PowerPoint can’t remove textbox objects, chances are you just need to find where exactly it’s located, then delete it.... How to Control Fan Speed in Windows PC If you want to make sure your PC doesn’t overheat or gets too loud, here’s how to control fan speed... Recommended 3 Fixes for "How to Get Help in Windows" Keeps Popping Up If the 'how to get help in Windows' page keeps popping up on your PC, here are some troubleshooting tips to help you stop it. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Review: It's Ultra, but Not for Everyone! Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra offers a big display, a bigger battery and a lot of power. But is it the smartwatch for you? Let's find out. 6 Best Leaf Blowers to Buy This Fall In search for the best leaf blowers to buy this fall for your backyard or garden? Check out our list for some good options. Meet our experts Meet some of the experts behind our most insightful guides and reviews. Ashish Mundhra Head of Video & GM With over 15 years of expertise spanning Android, Windows, iOS, and Linux, his contributions have been recognized from publications such as The New York Times, Lifehacker and more. He holds a Master’s Degree in Computer Engineering and has served as a Team Lead at IBM. Estephania Cristina Ph.D. Editor Dr. Cristina graduated with a Ph.D. and Masters in Science as well as a Bachelors in Electrical Engineering with Honors prior to working with Guiding Tech Media as an Editor and Author. She has been active in the fields of computer vision and image processing for the past 9 years. Mark Condon Editor Mark has been a professional photographer, editor and community builder for over 15 years. He has personally reviewed hundreds of high tech photography equipment over the years and has deep expertise in creating technical content for both professionals and hobbyists. Adrian Tam Ph.D. Editor-in-Chief Dr. Tam is a data scientist and software engineer at NVIDIA. He received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering as well as his Masters in Information Engineering prior to becoming Editor-In-Chief at Guiding Tech Media. He has co-authored six books across various topics of technology. LEARN MORE watch now Learn more on Guiding Tech’s Y ouTube Channel Play How To Format A Hard Drive or SSD in Windows 11 Play How to Disable Startup Programs in Windows 11 Play How To Change Color Of App Drawer in Nova Launcher Play How To Turn On Developer Mode in Android Play How to Change Apple Watch Faces from iPhone Play How to Get Google’s Circle to Search on iPhone And iPad MORE VIDEOS Windows Excel How to Format a Whole Row Based on One Cell PowerPoint Can’t Remove Textbox – What to Do How to Control Fan Speed in Windows PC Microsoft Word Has Insufficient Memory – How to Fix More → Android How to Open Your Android Storage Wirelessly From Windows 11 How to Install the Google Play Store in Windows 11 How to Run Android Apps on Windows 11 Two Ways to Link an Android Device to Windows 11 More → iOS 10 Best Automation Ideas on iPhone and How to Create Them 7 Apps to Make Your Apple Watch Do More Than Just Fitness Tracking iOS 18 Features Mark a Major Leap for Apple, and Here’s Why I Think So iOS 18 Finally Gets T9 Dialing and App Lock a Decade Later Than It Should Have More → FEATURED What to Do if Your Upgraded RAM Doesn’t Show up or Work on Windows 11? Let us have a look at four things you can do if your upgraded RAM doesn’t show up or work on your Windows 11 laptop. Fix: “Call Failed, the Group Has Too Many Participants” Error on WhatsApp Are you facing “Call Failed, the Group Has Too Many Participants” error on WhatsApp? Here’s how to fix this issue effectively. Can You Upgrade the RAM on Your Windows Laptop? Before you get started on upgrading the RAM on your Windows laptop, let us have a look at a few things you might need to consider beforehand. Follow Guiding Tech Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS JOIN THE NEWSLETTER Get Guiding Tech articles delivered to your inbox. Subscribe Ebooks Explore Full Catalogue More on guiding tech How to Sync Google Photos With the Windows 11 Photos App via Google Drive Want to sync Google Photos with Windows 11? It isn’t a quick method, but we show you how to make it happen and sync with your desktop Photos app. Clipchamp Can’t Export Video – How to Fix Are you having trouble exporting videos in Clipchamp? Learn why this happens and how to fix common export issues in the app or browser. Common Issues in 25H2 and How to Fix Them Common issues in 25H2 can still affect Windows 11 users. Learn what problems to expect and how to fix them. Copilot Read Aloud Not Working – How to Fix Copilot Read Aloud not working? Learn the common causes behind this error and follow step-by-step fixes to restore audio in Microsoft 365, Edge, and apps. Using Windows 11 Xbox Fullscreen Experience The Windows 11 Xbox fullscreen experience brings console gaming to your PC in a big way. We show you how to get it installed and use it. Word Is Stuck in Foreign Language – How to Fix Tired of Word stuck in foreign language at random? Here’s what you can do to change Word back to English. More Posts Android Windows Internet and Social iOS Gadgets Mac Buying Guides # How-tos # Comparisons # Tips & Tricks Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter Guiding Tech About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2024 Guiding Tech Media. All Rights Reserved.