Guides: We Bring Knowledge To Life Toggle navigation Guides Home Solutions Franchises & Multi-Location Stores Associations Government & Public Sector Agencies Pricing Contact Us Blog: The Guides Life Search Login Register Put Your Know-How On Autopilot Create and host guides to give your teams, members, or customers the direction and answers they need - when they need it.  Our AI features transform your guides into personal assistants—scaling support and eliminating the workload. At Guides, we bring knowledge to life. Book A Demo Signup - free trial See how powerful your docs could be Send us a link to your public documentation and we’ll create a personalized preview Request A Preview "With Guides.co, we can train & support thousands of contractors across the country, with minimal effort." - President, National Industry Association A branded Guides Site is purpose-built for organizations with multiple locations, large memberships, mprogram delivery, and distributed teams -- with no IT knowledge required, and at a price you can afford. Book A Demo Signup - free trial Our Secret Sauce? Simplicity 😍. Guides helps you put your know-how to work by making it more accessible and personalizing it for every situation. Here's how it works: Better Content We simplify and streamline your content to be exactly what your people need, and convert it from static DOC / PDF to our interactive guides format. AI-Powered Support Your guides power a smart AI-agent that answers your people's questions with their context and your content - a helpful platform they can trust. Greater Impact Gain insights into what your people need and fine-tune your guides to achieve the results you want - quality, consistency, and reduced support. Best of all?  We help you launch in days at a cost you can afford. Book A Demo Signup - free trial "Guides.co is the easiest platform for creating and updating content.  We use it daily to publish our video workouts to over 700 employees every morning." Chamberlynn Campuzano , VP Operations, Alloy Fitness Real Results. Real Impact 🚀. Does it work? The numbers speak for themselves. 9.9 Million People have turned to Guides to get answers, complete tasks, and reach their goals—fast. 35,945 Organizations trust Guides to support their teams, customers, and communities, wherever they are. 170,500 Guides published on everything from fixing pipes to launching rockets — literally. Your knowledge could be next. Start sharing today. Book A Demo Signup - free trial Our No-Stress Guarantee 📜 Take Guides.co for a test spin.  Our team will help you get setup and launched like a pro.  If it doesn't simplify your life and boost your audience's success, we'll cover the cost. Let’s connect — tell us about your goals, and let’s build something great together. Book A Demo Let's chat Built in Canada © 2025 Mercury Grove Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use