About UsOur GamesCareersMerchandise
Wiki
Support
Account
endefres
A Legend Reforged

Experience Guild Wars Reforged®: The award-winning online roleplaying game enjoyed by millions, now re-energized with system enhancements. From the fall of Ascalon to the desperate stand against Nightfall--every campaign is a chapter in Tyria's epic history. Your adventure is just getting started!

Get it now
Guild Wars
Store 

Download on Steam®

Three Legendary Campaigns,
One Epic Experience

Relive the groundbreaking magic of this legendary, narrative-driven fantasy adventure, or delve into its world for the very first time. From your first skill capture to your final piece of elite armor, every step of Guild Wars Reforged is an unforgettable journey. Stand with mighty heroes as you face Charr warbands sweeping across Ascalon, battle rival gangs in the streets of Kaineng City, and cross the sulfurous wastelands of the Desolation astride a Junundu wurm. Set events in motion that will shape the centuries to come.

Choose your adventure

Incredible stories await across 3 massive parallel campaigns (Prophecies, Factions & Nightfall). Explore hundreds of quests, challenging missions, holiday event surprises, and more!

Choose your build

Craft unique builds from ten professions and personalize your gameplay by combining armor sets, weapons, and thousands of skills. As you adventure, explore new lands, and conquer new foes, your arsenal of abilities will grow.

Choose your allies

Party up with other players, create a team of reliable NPC henchmen, or recruit customizable heroes to join you in fun, tactical battles.

Choose your challenge

Test your team's mettle against other players in PVP—or complete a PvE campaign to challenge yourself with hard-mode versions of maps and missions.

Own the original Guild Wars Trilogy in one collection. No subscriptions fees, just endless adventure.

New Features
New low price
Steam Deck Verified (pending)
Support for XInput controllers (such as the Xbox Wireless Controller)
New quest tracking and direction system
On-screen control guide
UI enhanced with HD skill icons, larger text options, and quality-of-life improvements
Support for high DPI displays
New ambient occlusion, HD bloom, and antialiasing rendering enhancements
Rebuilt audio system with environmental effects (no hardware support needed)
Awards and Accolades

Honored as the cornerstone campaigns of Guild Wars, Prophecies, Factions, and Nightfall earned acclaim for their iconic settings, ambitious storytelling, and enduring impact on the MMO landscape.

FAQ

What is included in the purchase of Guild Wars Reforged?

What are the system requirements for Guild Wars Reforged?

Why are you calling it Guild Wars Reforged if it's not a remake or remaster?

What happens if I already have Guild Wars on Steam?

What if I already purchased Guild Wars from the ArenaNet webstore (or somewhere else)?

Will my progress be saved and carried over to Guild Wars Reforged?

Do I have to buy a new copy for the verified Steam Deck version?

Will I need to make a new account to log in to the new client?

Does Guild Wars Reforged add new content?

How can I synchronize my Hall of Monuments?

About Us
Our Games
Careers
Contact
Merchandise
ArenaNet
Cookie PreferencesPartnersPrivacy PolicyLegal Documentation

©2026 ArenaNet, LLC. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

esrb
Animated Blood
Mild Suggestive Themes
Violence
Use of Alcohol