Fleet tracking software company - Telematics & IoT solutions Products Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Company About us Our history Our team Contacts Careers 11 Career Jobs 11 Events and activities News × Contact us Check out the new Telematics & Connected Mobility conference website for all post-event content → More than just vehicle tracking Turning telematics data into practical tools Gurtam is a software development company providing IoT solutions with a focus on fleet tracking. Our portfolio includes niche and ultimate products, cloud- and server-based platforms, telematics backend system and mobile apps for personal use. Choose a vehicle tracking platform that aligns best with your business needs. Inquire Now Join our team 20+ years in telematics and IoT industry 160+ countries where our solutions are used daily 300k projects delivered to the customers 5m vehicles connected to Gurtam products Our software products Wialon An ultimate fleet digitalization solution that offers real-time insights, robust reporting tools, and industry-tailored functionality. It empowers businesses to streamline operations and enhance their fleet efficiency, making it an invaluable asset for fleet management and optimization. Fleet management companies IoT service providers Explore flespi An API-first telematics & IoT backend. The platform enables the aggregation of normalized data from a variety of sources, manages devices over the air, enriches messages, and analyzes data in real-time. Developers IoT service providers Hardware manufactures Explore GPS-Trace A set of easy-to-use GPS tracking applications with the possibility of free use. Key features include real-time tracking, analytics, notifications, history and reports, making it ideal for users needing straightforward GPS tracking solutions. Resellers of GPS tracking services Small businesses Private users Explore Expertise Gurtam is recognized as one of the world’s best companies in terms of software development for telematics. Any business that requires fleet tracking services, accurate planning, and automation of routine processes can use our solutions. Thus, Gurtam has become the leading player in the global fleet management market. We control the location and condition of over 5,000,000 vehicles and other assets owned by individuals, companies of different sizes, and giant corporations. Exploring the world of IoT for business with Gurtam Software solutions encompassing 23 years of industry experience. Products chosen by hundreds of service providers and thousands of fleet owners in 160+ countries. Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Ultimate platform Wialon works with 3,300+ types of devices and tracks over 4 million units worldwide, from cars and trucks to field workers and various equipment. Learn more Partner community Join the biggest community of telematics and IoT professionals. Learn, network, collaborate, share and build stronger businesses backed by international expertise. Learn more Opportunities for developers Use an open API to develop a targeted solution perfectly integrated into the current business environment for seamless processes. Learn more Telematics hub Get data from any hardware and send it to multiple monitoring systems, IoT and BI platforms simultaneously. Learn more Data transformation Modify and enrich received telemetry messages as per specific business needs: add or remove parameters, inject data from third-party services, script custom parsing, and more. Learn more Device management Сonfigure telematics devices from various manufacturers in a single feature-rich interface, via API or SMS. Learn more Easy start Connect GPS trackers to our easy-to-use apps in a few clicks. The platform is compatible with 2,000+ device models. Learn more Free applications for fleets and personal use Be aware of what’s up with your small business fleet, or what’s going on with your car, and track your beloved pet by downloading free GPS-Trace apps. Learn more Opportunities for resellers Get a simple and convenient tool for reselling GPS tracking services in your region. Expand the portfolio of your services with user-friendly, cross-platform apps. Learn more Gurtam evolution For more than two decades , we have been developing products for tracking vehicles and other assets. Over this time, our software products that used to be a merely vehicle tracking platform turned into multifunctional and flexible systems. These systems now encompass a wide range of capabilities: from monitoring various parameters to providing in-depth analytics for any chosen period of time. Today, various research agencies regularly name Gurtam as one of the leading software developers for telematics and IoT. Our awards 2025 IoT Excellence Award 2024 2025 Lithuanian Business Leaders TOP 500 2025 Innovation & Leadership Excellence Award 2024 2025 Best Fleet Management & IoT Software Solutions Developer 2024 2025 Safest and Most Supportive Work Environment 2025 Most Community-Oriented Company of the Year 2025 Socially Responsible Company of the Year 2024 Honoring Excellence in Transportation Technology 2024 Fleet Management Platform of the Year 2023 Strongest in Lithuania 2022 Customers choice 2021 Highest Satisfaction Products 2021 Winner of IoT Innovator Awards 2021 Member of the Forbes Council community 2021 The board member of the M2M IoT Council 2020 Top implementer of telematics solutions in the world 2020 Leading fleet management software provider in Eastern Europe and CIS 2020 TOP 10 largest providers of fleet management systems in Europe 2019 #6 among the best fleet management software in the world 2019 TOP international providers of fleet management systems in South Africa 2019 Vendor with the widest range of countries 2019 Leading fleet management software provider in CIS and Eastern Europe 2016 The 4th among the best fleet management software in the world 2015 The 13th among the best fleet management software in the world About the team The company brings together top-tier industry experts : software developers, analysts, cartography and GPS hardware specialists, as well as managers offering guidance to clients on leveraging vehicle tracking systems across different business sectors. Working together, we create cutting-edge products that are utilized by millions of users worldwide. As Gurtam continues to grow, we are actively seeking new talents to join us. Don’t miss out the opportunity to become part of our team! Are you ready to join us? Start your career with Gurtam Gurtam news 30 December, 2025 2025 Year in Review: Entering the Apex Our 2025: key milestones, AI advances, product launches, community impact, and how we’re preparing for the next stage of growth. 04 December, 2025 The making of Wialon Platform: insights from the team behind it How does a global fleet tracking company build a new product inside an already mature ecosystem? 20 November, 2025 Breaking into Tech Without a Degree — Recap of Gurtam Meetup Last month, at our Vilnius office, we  opened our doors to working professionals exploring new careers in the tech world. 16 October, 2025 AI in Transportation: Beyond Autonomous Driving AI is reshaping transport beyond self-driving - boosting logistics, safety, and efficiency while firms build in-house tools to lead digital transformation. 22 September, 2025 Gurtam to take part in the Transport Innovation Forum 2025 Gurtam will join the 7th Transport Innovation Forum 2025 in Vilnius as a Gold Partner and present insights on AI adoption in fleet and transport businesses. 25 August, 2025 Top speeches of Telematics and Connected Mobility, recommended by Gurtam Here’s our team’s take on the speeches you should make room for in your schedule, and why. 16 July, 2025 How AI is reshaping the role of video telematics in fleet management On World AI Day, we’re exploring the tandem of AI and video telematics as they bring real-life business results to commercial fleets. 13 June, 2025 5 million vehicles connected to Gurtam products A new milestone for Gurtam, it wouldn’t have been possible without Wialon partners, flespi users, GPS-Trace clients, and Gurtam employees. 12 June, 2025 Gurtam joins forces with INFOBALT to map Lithuania’s ICT sector growth Lithuania’s ICT sector hits 5.4% of GDP — Gurtam joins INFOBALT to explore what’s next for innovation, exports, and digital growth. Our offices Vilnius Headquarters Lithuania, Vilnius, LT-08200 Simbiocity, Ozo 12A Tbilisi Georgia, Tbilisi, 0162 HIVE, 13 Mikheil Tamarashvili street Boston The USA, Boston Charlestown, MA 02129 529 Main Street The Schrafft’s Center Power House, Suite P200 & P300 Dubai The UAE, Dubai, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Cluster F Indigo Icon Tower, Unit 1207 PO BOX: 341751 Contact us First name * Last name * Email * Phone number Reason to contact * I am a journalist and it is a media request Other Company * Website Comment I agree to personal data processing in accordance with Gurtam Privacy Policy * Comment * I agree to personal data processing in accordance with Gurtam Privacy Policy * I want to start business with Gurtam! Send request Send Thank You! Your request has been submitted successfully. Products Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Company About us Brand guidelines Our history Our team Sub-processors Security Contacts Careers Career Jobs Events and activities Employment candidate privacy policy News Gurtam Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Forums Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Copyright © 2002-2025 contact@gurtam.com Privacy policy Cookie policy and preferences × Products Wialon flespi GPS-Trace Company About us Our history Our team Contacts Careers 11 Career Jobs 11 Events and activities News Contact us