Guru.com - Find and Hire Expert Freelancers Skip to main content Guru Guru Find Freelancers Find Jobs About About Guru How Guru Works Why Guru Pricing Blog Solutions Enterprise Agency Purchase Orders Agreements SafePay Post a Job Sign Up Log In Find Freelancers Find a Job How It Works About Guru Why Guru Pricing Blog Enterprise Solutions Agency Solutions Purchase Order Solutions Work Agreements SafePay Sign Up Log In Find & Hire Expert Freelancers Work with the best freelance talent from around the world on our secure, flexible and cost-effective platform. What skill are you looking for? Search Freelancers Or Post a Job - It's Free Web Development Design Writing Graphic Design Software Development 800,000 Employers Worldwide 1 Million Paid Invoices $250 Million Paid to Freelancers 99% Customer Satisfaction Rate Find Top Freelancers Programming & Development 293,018 Freelancers Writing & Translation 215,250 Freelancers Design & Art 199,244 Freelancers Administrative & Secretarial 88,091 Freelancers Sales & Marketing 78,980 Freelancers Engineering & Architecture 51,477 Freelancers Business & Finance 46,792 Freelancers Education & Training 10,600 Freelancers Legal 5,862 Freelancers See All Skills Why Over 3 Million People Choose Us Credibility We verify Freelancers, publish their feedback scores and 
							All-Time Transaction Data to help you identify time-tested professionals across the globe. Flexibility We provide multiple Payment terms  and flexible Agreements to enable you to work the way you want. Security We offer SafePay payment protection and your choice of preferred payment method for financial peace of mind. Value We have the lowest fees in the industry, providing you with maximum value at minimum cost. Support Our dedicated support team works 24/7 to resolve all of your queries over the phone or email, no matter where you are located. Why Choose Guru It's Easy to Get Work Done on Guru Post a Job Create your free job posting and start receiving Quotes within hours. Hire Freelancers Compare the Quotes you receive and hire the best freelance professionals for the job. Get Work Done Decide on how and when payments will be made and use WorkRooms to collaborate, communicate and track work. Make Secure Payments Choose from multiple payment methods with SafePay payment protection. See How Guru Works Work Your Way Choose from four Payment terms and create Agreements. Fixed Price Set a total fixed cost for your job and create milestones to ensure you're 
                            satisfied every step of the way.  Set a due date and the amount to be paid for each milestone. Hourly Track progress with ease and pay Freelancers by the hour using our Time Tracker software. 
                            If you hire multiple Freelancers for your job, 
                            you'll receive a breakdown of each Freelancer's hourly rate and time tracked. Task-Based Pay for a single completed online freelance task, however big or small. 
                            Create and assign tasks as needed and generate invoice for each task once it is completed. Recurring Payment Easily pay your go-to Freelancers on an ongoing basis. 
                            Set up to four recurring payment rules for any given job - pay every week, every other week, every month, or every quarter. 
                            Stop or resume payments at any point with just a click of a button. Learn About Agreements Custom Enterprise Solutions for Your Business. Custom Built Solutions Compliance & Security Benefits Industry Lowest Fees Learn About Guru Enterprise What Clients Say In our company, we do ongoing research with our target audience. 
                        This includes 30-45 minute phone interviews. It was difficult to conduct the interview, 
                        really listen, and ask good follow up questions while trying to capture it all in thorough 
                        hand-written notes. One of our writers suggested using Guru to find 
                        someone to transcribe these interviews...The person I hired is the one I’ve stuck with for 
                        nearly two years now – she is fast, accurate, and affordable. I’d never have found her on my 
                        own, given that I live in Utah and she lives in South Africa. I could never have arranged 
                        such an effective solution to my on-going need for transcripts without Guru. It’s been a life-saver. Ed Bagley Director of Product Marketing, O.C. Tanner Company Scopic Software has been on Guru since its founding in 2006. We are now over 200 employees 
                        and Guru is still our primary source of new clients. We would not be where we are today without Guru. 
                        It is definitely the best service marketplace out there if you are looking to grow a company, either as a buyer or provider. Guru is not only a marketplace but a place to do business. We meet new clients and more often 
                        than not establish long-term business relationships, all through Guru. The 
                        flexibility in how projects can be structured and the many payment options 
                        available allows us to work with clients in a way they feel most comfortable.
                        We have been with Guru for over 10 years and hope to be here much longer. Scopic Software Custom IT Solutions Firm Guru's services have allowed me to find more freelancing work as a writer 
                        than any other website. It is easy to communicate with clients through their message system and 
                        their SafePay feature ensures that all funds are secured prior to any work being done. 
                        I would recommend Guru to any freelancer who is looking to find new clients online. Russell Lee Writer At SOLACE Engineers, we provide engineering solutions and other services on various 
                        freelancing platforms. Among them all, Guru is the best and our first choice to invite 
                        clients outside of freelancing platforms. Great customer support, low fee, easy to understand 
                        interface and solid payment protection with the SafePay system make working a delight on Guru! Guru really helped our business flourish… Solace Engineers Inc. Engineering Firm Guru.com is my favorite freelance platform. I love the functionality, the support and the 
                        strong workflow element, particularly the SafePay feature which makes the transfer of funds 
                        so easy. I love the integration with PayPal and the ability to amend agreements, with all 
                        steps communicated to and actioned by both sides. Of all the freelance platforms I have used, Guru is by far my favorite. Isabel Austin Writer, Editor, Proofreader Guru has been so helpful in growing my business in an industry that is tough to get into! 
                        Not only can I apply for endless amounts of gigs that I feel I am a match for...but potential 
                        clients can invite me to apply for gigs which has brought me a lot of success. I love how it 
                        connects people from all over the world and gives us an opportunity to work together on just about 
                        any project imaginable. I am excited to continue growing my business here! Ella Rogue Singer, Songwriter As the CEO of www.taxconnections.com, I looked all over the world for someone 
                        I could trust to handle our servers and databases. Nix Solutions Ltd. has delivered 
                        support for all our servers in the cloud for several years now and they are amazing. 
                        As I talked to other service providers who wanted to charge me 10X more I was stunned 
                        and pleasantly surprised to discover Nix Solutions Ltd at their low prices. 
                        They have continuously provided outstanding service 24/7 which I am forever grateful. 
                        These guys do it all and I would advise any CEO that Nix Solutions Ltd. will exceed their 
                        expectations. Also, I should add we discovered Nix Solutions Ltd. only through Guru.com 
                        which makes me very happy with your organization, too. Thank you for facilitating the connection. Kat Jennings CEO, TaxConnections Previous Testimonial Next Testimonial Guru Insights June 27, 2024 Add a Non-U.S. Bank Account to Withdraw Funds From Your Guru Cash Account October 04, 2023 What Are the Roles of Support Personnel? October 04, 2023 What Is Remote Customer Service? October 04, 2023 What Does a Customer Support Agent Do? View Guru Blog Get Quotes from Top Freelance Professionals for Free! Post a Job Now Browse Freelancers Top Skills 3D Designers Accountants Advertising Experts App Developers Article Writers Artists Blog Writers Business Card Designers C Developers C# Developers Content Writers Copywriters CSS Developers Customer Service Experts Data Analysts Data Entry Experts Editors Email Specialists Engineers English Language Experts Excel Experts Graphic Designers HTML5 Developers Illustrators JavaScript Developers jQuery Developers Logo Designers Marketers MS Word Experts MySQL Developers Photo and Image Editors Photographers Photoshop Experts PHP Developers Programmers Proofreaders Python Developers Report Writers Researchers Sales Consultants SEO Experts Social Media Marketers Software Developers SQL Developers Transcriptionists Translators User Experience (UX) Designers Video Editors Web Designers Web Developers WordPress Developers Writers Browse All Skills Top Locations Freelancers in Australia Freelancers in Canada Freelancers in China Freelancers in India Freelancers in Pakistan Freelancers in Philippines Freelancers in United Kingdom Freelancers in United States Freelancers in Bangalore Freelancers in Chennai Freelancers in Lahore Freelancers in Los Angeles Freelancers in Mumbai Freelancers in New Delhi Freelancers in New York City Freelancers in Pune Browse All Locations Navigate Home Post a Job Find a Freelancer Find a Job Enterprise Solutions Agency Solutions PO Solutions Company Info About Guru How Guru Works Why Guru Work Agreements SafePay Pricing Resources Help & FAQ Blog Contact Us Mobile App APIs Sitemap Cookie Settings Policies IP Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Connect With Us Connect with Guru on Facebook Connect with Guru on X Connect with Guru on LinkedIn Get the Guru App | Get Work Done Copyright ©
                2025, Guru.com