Gust | The best place to start, grow, and fund your venture. Start your Journey Accelerate your Progress Raise Capital Get Incorporated Blog FAQ Pricing Get Started Login Login Start your Journey Accelerate your Progress Raise Capital Get Incorporated Blog FAQ Pricing Get Started Login Login Startup Smarter The best place to start, grow, and fund your venture. Get Started Get Incorporated Join a community of over 800,000 founders Leverage a network of powerful partners Match with over 300 of the world’s top accelerators Apply to more than 750 of the world’s leading Angel Investment Groups Start your Journey Benchmark your Venture How does your startup stack up? Find out how much you can raise, which investors to target, and how to improve your venture. Plan Co-founder Ownership Avoid co-founder conflict and determine a fair equity split through a collaborative breakdown of co-founder strengths. Incorporate your Company Avoid fundraising roadblocks and corporate cleanup costs by incorporating correctly and setting up a legal and equity management foundation GET STARTED Accelerate your Progress Build your profile Tell your story, communicate your progress,  and prepare for diligence with a single solution: your Gust Company Profile. Extend your Runway Use data from your Gust Company Profile to qualify for over $100k in savings from leading startup service providers. Apply to Incubators and Accelerators Your Gust Company Profile helps you find and apply to the perfect programs to take your venture to the next level. Get Started Raise Capital Plan your Raise Explore different fundraising strategies using cap table modeling, then set your terms using Gust’s data-backed tools. Find your Funding Match with angel groups and VCs, prospect for more, and use your Gust Company Profile to apply. Close your Investment Sign SAFEs and Convertible Notes digitally and reflect fundraising on your cap table so you’re ready to model your next round. Get Started Your Startup Support System We love technology, but Gust is more than just a set of software tools. Leverage the collective experience of the Gust team and community to level up your knowledge and grow your entrepreneurial support system with Gust Mission Control . Office Hours Hosted by David S. Rose and the Gust team, office hours are a forum to ask questions, tackle challenges, and learn from your peers. You’ll never be more than a week away from talking to expert humans who don’t charge by the hour. Expert Sessions From financial model teardowns and pitch reviews to tax preparedness and insurance roadmaps, experts from our curated network help you refine key pieces of your startup strategy and prepare for upcoming growth challenges. Network Whether you need a fractional CFO, an accountant, a bookkeeper, or a startup lawyer, we’ve got you covered. We’ve built a network of vetted startup specialists to tag in when you need them. We’ve also pre-negotiated discounts on your behalf. We’re pretty good at what we do, but you don’t have to take our word for it. “ “Gust Launch is a sleek product for any entrepreneurs looking to manage their governance, risk, and compliance. I am very happy with their overall engagement with the entrepreneurs. The webinars from various service providers cut down the time an entrepreneur would spend to get the services.” Arun Siva “ “As a founder myself, I created my business with Gust. As a mentor for Techstars, and half a dozen other accelerators and entrepreneurial programs, I advise all my companies to use Gust to create their entity.” Ari Block “ “We really felt that the Gust team was by our side as we worked through the various documents for our first C-corp. And when we had questions, they were super responsive and helpful. I highly recommend their platform and their people.” Jules Walters “ “Gust Launch has felt like our own virtual startup advisor. I originally began using Gust for the same reasons most people do: cap table management and incorporation. While managing both of those things with Gust Launch is a breeze, what I wasn’t expecting to find was the immense amount of digestible and actionable knowledge that Gust had to offer on nearly every startup-related obstacle that I would run into.” Sam Rystrom “ I’d recommend Gust over and over. The product is amazing, the team is even better. I wouldn’t look anywhere else to incorporate, or to manage everything else we use Gust for. Chance Mayfield “ I absolutely love using Gust. If you’re a founder or an entrepreneur, Gust is your single most valuable resource to getting started. I wish I discovered them earlier in my start-up journey, I would have saved a boatload of time and money. Kyle Jekielek “ “I love the simplicity of incorporating through Gust Launch, and their customer service is amazing. We needed to incorporate our startup immediately as we were already invoicing a big client. It was so easy, streamlined and fast. Once I entered my info, it took only 3 days-including the weekend!” Stephanie Houng “ Gust Launch was unbelievably helpful when we wanted to establish our startup. Their team goes above and beyond, and their platform makes incorporation and equity management extremely easy and straightforward. Syl Yip “ “I’m incredibly impressed with the communication and streamlining of processes through Gust Launch. As someone relatively new to entity formation and fundraising, I am supported in all ways to be successful.” Brent Totty “ “The disruptively simple way to help serious founders prepare for growth, funding, and a successful exit. Gust Launch makes it easy to start and run a high-growth business by integrating world-class services with the click of a button.” Howard L. Morgan “ “I never thought filing for incorporation could actually be a pleasant experience, but incorporating my company with Gust Launch actually was. It was clean, simple, intuitive-and most importantly, quick. I work with startups every day, and I recommend Gust Launch to everyone who hasn’t already incorporated.” Chris Gorges “ “Gust is simplifying and taking the friction out of early stage investing, all of which is good for emerging companies and our economy as a whole. The forms are top notch and are a perfect fit for start-ups and our growing entrepreneurial ecosystem.” Daniel DeWolf “ “Gust Launch is a superb product backed by a responsive, knowledgable support team.” Aleksey Gurtovoy “ “Gust Launch is an amazing platform that helps founders understand their business.” March Chadwick Plan to raise money? We’ll help you find the best path forward. Get started for free Gust for Investors Access powerful deal flow management tools on a secure platform. LEARN MORE Gust for Accelerators Increase applications, manage the application process, and make your cohorts happy. LEARN MORE Let’s start your company. Get Started for Free Company About Us Careers Contact Us Solutions Start your Journey Accelerate your Progress Raise Capital Products Gust Mission Control Gust Launch Co-Founder Equity Split Gust for Investors Gust for Accelerators Resources Blog Support Gust Launch FAQ Startup Glossary Terms of Service Privacy Policy © Gust 2026