Go!
Donate
About
▼
Frequently Downloaded
Main Categories
Reading Lists
Search Options
Project Gutenberg is a library of over 75,000 free eBooks

Choose among free epub and Kindle eBooks, download them or read them online. You will find the world's great literature here, with focus on older works for which U.S. copyright has expired. Thousands of volunteers digitized and diligently proofread the eBooks, for you to enjoy.

The Project Gutenberg community mourns the passing of our CEO, Dr. Greg Newby. Without his years of leadership, Project Gutenberg wouldn't be what it is today. Learn more about him and his contributions here.

Newest Releases find more

The anatomy of the frog by Alexander Ecker
The story of the Great Lakes by Edward Channing and Marion Florence Lansing
Black America by Sir W. Laird Clowes
The man who ate the popomack by W. J. Turner
Anita Sorjola by Martti Wuori
Magdaléna két élete by Ferenc Herczeg
Coffee merchandising by William H. Ukers
Bach und Strom by Ernst Weber and Ernst Liebermann
Famous old receipts used a hundred years and more in the kitchens of the North…
A sketch of the early days of the woolen industry in North Andover,…
Find Free eBooks
Frequently Downloaded: Top 100, or ranked by popularity.
Main Categories. The ones you'd find in any large bookstore.
Reading Lists. Hand-curated by volunteers.
Search Options. By author, title, subject, language, type, popularity, and more.
Visit self.gutenberg.org for self-published eBooks at the World Library Foundation.
Project Gutenberg
✓ 100% Free - No fees, no registration, completely free
✓ No Apps Required - only regular Web browsers or eBook readers needed
✓ 50+ Years - Pioneering free eBooks since 1971
✓ Volunteer-based - hundreds of volunteers have contributed over the years
Consider a small donation to help us digitize more books: donate

Most Popular find more

Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
Moby Dick; Or, The Whale by Herman Melville
A Christmas Carol in Prose; Being a Ghost Story of Christmas by Charles Dickens
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson
The Complete Works of William Shakespeare by William Shakespeare
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
Twas the Night before Christmas: A Visit from St. Nicholas by Clement Clarke Moore
Middlemarch by George Eliot
History
Literature
Science & Technology
Social Sciences & Society
Arts & Culture
Religion & Philosophy
Lifestyle & Hobbies
Health & Medicine
Education & Reference
Get Help
Frequently Asked Questions about Project Gutenberg.
Help, How-To and FAQs: In depth information about many topics.
Tablets, phones and eReaders How-To: Using tablets, Kindle, Nook, cell phone, and other mobile devices and readers.
How to Help
Distributed Proofreaders welcomes new volunteers. This is the main source of new Project Gutenberg eBooks. Getting started is easy, and just a page a day will help!
Fix and improve Project Gutenberg by reporting errors, bugs, typos, and suggesting changes.
Record audiobooks with our friends at LibriVox.
Special Areas
About Project Gutenberg.
Donating to Project Gutenberg.
Feeds of new eBooks.
Linking to Project Gutenberg and roboting or crawling the site.
Partners and affiliates.
Permissions, copyright, licensing, and trademark information.
What does free eBook (No Cost or Freedom?) mean?
Audio Books

Audio books are a great way to enjoy literature. We recommend the following sources. All of them are digitizations of Project Gutenberg texts. They are freely available and in the public domain in the US.

- Project Gutenberg’s 662 titles read by people
- Human-read audio books from LibriVox. LibriVox is a volunteer community that produces high-quality performances.
- The Project Gutenberg Open Audiobook Collection. Almost 5,000 computer-generated titles from 2023 via a Project Gutenberg collaboration with Microsoft and MIT.
- Project Gutenberg’s audio books from 2003. They are computer-generated and listenable but relatively low quality compared to today’s technology.
Our Social Media

  

News Feeds of new eBooks

  
About Project Gutenberg Privacy policy Permissions Terms of Use Contact Us Help