Logistics | GXO This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy
                                                    Policy and Terms of
                                                    Service apply. Solutions Overview Aftermarket support Clicklink Click and Collect Commerce services Ecommerce fulfillment FTZ and bonded warehouses GXO Direct multi-client fulfillment GXO ServiceTech electronics returns Manufacturing support Reverse logistics Supply chain optimization Transportation solutions Value-added services Industries Overview Aerospace and defense Agribusiness Automotive Beauty and cosmetics Chemical and energy Consumer packaged goods Data centers Fashion and apparel Food and beverage Footwear Healthcare Industrial and construction Jewelry Luxury Public sector Retail Semiconductors Technology and consumer electronics Technologies Overview GXO IQ Advanced automation Automated sortation Digital warehouses and innovation centers Intelligent robotics Vision technology News and Insights About Us Overview Leadership Values Belonging ESG Contact us Careers Investors English Français Español Italiano Dutch Polski Deutsch Čeština Română In order to view the video, please accept cookies Discover logistics at full potential. Meet your needs with bespoke solutions Drive operations excellence with custom solutions designed by industry experts. Increase efficiency through automation Increase productivity and accuracy with automated solutions for companies of any size. Make smarter, data-driven decisions Leverage operational insights to transform your business. Boost value to your organization Deliver exceptional customer experiences with value-added services. Unlock bottom-line growth with smarter logistics. Learn how tech-enabled logistics solutions can help reduce operational costs, boost productivity, improve sustainability and set you up for long-term success. Gain a competitive advantage by outsourcing. Explore seven ways that an expert logistics partner can help optimize your supply chain, including better inventory management, improving returns processes and more. Turn costs into opportunities. Discover how a data-driven reverse logistics approach can minimize backlogs, improve sustainability and get more returned product back into stock faster. In order to view the video, please accept cookies We see endless opportunities to drive innovation in logistics We’re always expanding the boundaries of what’s possible, acting on the next game-changing opportunity with: A strong reputation as a trusted outsourcing partner for blue-chip companies A leading track record as an innovator of advanced warehouse automation and robotics Customized solutions tailored for ecommerce, retail and industrial requirements The scale, flexibility and expertise to deliver consistently superior results A focus on providing a world-class workplace for our diverse team Technologies Game-changing innovation and automation We use machine learning, data science and predictive analytics to make logistics a competitive advantage for our customers. Explore our technology In order to view the video, please accept cookies In order to view the video, please accept cookies Solutions We design, manage and optimize supply chains We help customers get the most out of their supply chains by improving the flow of goods, from ecommerce fulfilment and flexible distribution to warehouse automation and reverse logistics. Discover our capabilities Industries From ecommerce and aerospace to food and beverage Our decades of experience across countries, industries and end-markets help companies – from high-growth market entrants to global leaders – operate more efficiently. See the industries we serve In order to view the video, please accept cookies In order to view the video, please accept cookies What we value Positive impact for our people, partners and planet We account for environmental and social impact in everything we do, whether that’s building career paths that help diverse teams thrive or designing operations that reduce energy consumption and increase environmental sustainability. ESG criteria are core to our operations. View our commitment to ESG Who we are Logistics experts Our team lives and breathes logistics. Our leaders have decades of experience providing technology-enabled solutions for challenging logistics requirements. We work as trusted collaborators with the world’s most successful companies. Meet the team Numbers that matter As the largest pure-play contract logistics provider in the world, we use our scale to deliver results our customers need. Scale >1,000 Warehouse locations ~150K Team members 27 Countries ~200 million Square feet of warehouse space ~30% of Fortune 100 companies are our customers $11.7 billion Revenue in 2024 Results 4-6x Productivity improvement with employees supported by robots 5x More items shipped using robotic automation 5-7% Average labor efficiency improvement by deploying machine learning Recognition that makes us proud Top 50 U.S. Company for Diversity, 2023 #2 of Top 130 3PLs in France, 2023 #4 Top 30 Logistics Service Providers (UK), 2023 One of America’s ‘Most Responsible Companies, Newsweek Magazine (2023, 2024, 2025, 2026) Best practices in corporate social responsibility, Responsible Business Forum in Poland (2021, 2022, 2023) Disability Confident Level 3 leader, (UK), 2023 AA (Leader) MSCI ESG Rating (2021, 2022, 2023) One of America’s ‘Most Reliable’ Companies, Newsweek Magazine, 2025 All America Executive Team, (2023, 2024) FreightTech 100 most innovative companies, FreightWaves, (2022, 2023) Logistics Operator of the Year, Assologistica, (Italy), (2022, 2023) Best Companies to Work For (Spain), (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024) America’s Climate Leaders, 2024 “Safety & Quality” Supply Chain Supplier Award, (US), 2023 Home Delivery Operator of the Year Award (UK), 2024 Top Supply Chain Projects award, Supply & Demand Chain Executive (SDCE) Magazine, (2022, 2023, 2024) Quest for Quality award for excellence in Third-Party Logistics, Logistics Management magazine, 2023 Gold Award in the Defence Employer Recognition Scheme (UK Ministry of Defence), 2024 Top 100 Apprenticeship Employer (UK), (2022, 2023) Silver CSR Sustainability Rating (Europe), 2023 “Supply Chain Innovation” Supply Chain Supplier Award, (US), 2023 Women in Supply Chain Award, SDCE Magazine, (2022, 2023) Join our team Careers at full potential We’re passionate about using our technology to make supply chains smarter around the globe—and we’re excited to add forward-thinkers to our team. Interested in knowing more? Let’s talk. Explore our opportunities Recent news Press release GXO appoints Karen Bomber as Chief Commercial Officer Greenwich, USA | Dec. 19, 2025 Global role to accelerate expansion in high-growth segments, verticals and geographies Press release GXO announces Brad Jacobs will step down as Non-Executive Chairman Greenwich, USA | Dec. 15, 2025 Seasoned executive Patrick Byrne to become Non-Executive Chairman, effective December 31, 2025. Press release GXO appoints Bart Beeks as Chief Operating Officer Greenwich, USA | Dec. 12, 2025 Newly created role responsible for driving global operational excellence; appointment effective January 2, 2026 View more news Get the latest updates on what’s new in logistics Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name Email Company Name * First Last Email * Company * By clicking subscribe, you accept to receive emails from GXO. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Privacy Policy for more information about how we use and protect your personal data and how to apply your rights. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe ©
                    2026 GXO Logistics, Inc. All rights reserved. LinkedIn Facebook X YouTube Instagram ESG News and Insights Ethics and compliance Forward-looking statements Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Modern slavery statement ©
                    2026 GXO Logistics, Inc. All rights reserved. Headline notice of third party cookies We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link. Do not sell my personal information Essential Essential Always active Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Analytics and customization Analytics and customization Analytics cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing and advertising Marketing and advertising Advertising cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Cookie settings Save preferences Cookie settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent