H-Net Commons Homepage | H-Net Skip to main content Main navigation All Networks Help Donate Log in Register Search Entire Site Advanced search Menu × In just two months, we have raised $21,000 through more than
		  750 donations for our Sustain H-Net Fundraising Campaign.  Our
		  call for support, made only by placing a banner on our website
		  and email headers, motivated 450 first-time donors to sustain
		  our work in addition to those who donated to our campaign more
		  than once.  If just 3,160 people donated $25, we would surpass
		  our goal of raising $100,000 by December 31.  As part of your
		  end-of-year giving, will you join our generous supporters by donating to H-Net to keep our services running
		  another year? H-Net Commons Homepage Humanities and Social Sciences Online Register Join a Network Donate H-Net Services Announcements Browse and post academic announcements Book Channel Discover academic books Job Guide Announce or find academic jobs Journals Browse H-Net's open access, peer-reviewed journals Networks Join one of nearly 200 subject-area networks Reviews Read and publish academic book reviews h-net.social Join H-Net's federated Mastodon server Spaces Build, manage, and preserve digital projects Featured Content Featured Announcement Launch Your DH Project: Join the 2025-26 H-Net Spaces Cohort Featured Journal Journal of Chinese Literature and Culture Featured Call for Papers Ongoing Extraction and Exploitation of Indigenous Lands and Knowledges Featured Call for Submissions Mollenkott Award for Outstanding LGBTQ Faith History Research Featured Call for Applications Victorianist Writing Retreat Featured Call For Paper Popular Culture Association: Animals and Popular Culture Interest Area Featured Call for Papers 'Moving Violations: Asian Crime Films' Featured Lecture A Story of Slavery, Struggle, and Survival in Early America Featured Networks All Networks H-AfrLitCine African Literature and Cinema H-Judaic Judaica and Jewish History H-Music Leveraging music to gain comprehensive and profound understandings of global social history and lived experiences H-Oceans Considers the volumetric, global oceans as a site of historical inquiry in the humanities and social sciences. Featured Hubs Digital Humanities Hubs The Digital Humanities Hub aggregates digital humanites-related content from across all of H-Net. Gender Hub The Gender Hub aggregates gender-related content from across all of H-Net. Literature Hub H-Net's Literature Hub aggregates and organizes CFPs, funding announcements, discussions, and other digital resources in the disciplines of English, literary studies, rhetoric and composition, and related fields. Race and Ethnicity Hub The Race and Ethnicity Hub aggregates race and ethnicity-related content from across all of H-Net. H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online Copyright © 1993 - 2025. This work is licensed under a Creative
  Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License. Secondary Navigation All Networks Help Donate Services Announcements Book Channel Job Guide Journals Networks Reviews Spaces Mastodon Get Involved Join a Network Become an Editor Create an Account About H-Net Who We Are Governance Our Vision Contact Us