Return Path - Validity +44 (0) 118 403 2020 [email protected] Help Center Customer Community Search Get a demo Why Validity Products Products BriteVerify Keep your lists squeaky clean and your sends worry-free. DemandTools Make dirty data disappear. Litmus Create, personalize, and test your way to error-free emails. Everest MailCharts Sender Certification Litmus Upgrades Advanced deliverability tools that enhance your Litmus workflows. Everest Deliverability insights & guidance so you can reach more inboxes. MailCharts Fuel your creativity (and campaigns) with email and SMS inspiration. Sender Certification Crack the code to unbeatable deliverability. Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Why Validity Chat with sales Solutions Solutions Marketers Sales teams CRM admins Revenue operations Products of interest BriteVerify Keep your lists squeaky clean and your sends worry-free. DemandTools Make dirty data disappear. Litmus Create, personalize, and test your way to error-free emails. Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Why Validity Chat with sales Resources Resources Blog Events and webinars Marketing topics Podcasts Resource Center Customer success stories Help center Validity community Featured blog post Common Email Infrastructure Setup Mistakes Read blog post See more on the blog Upcoming webinar State of Email Live: 2026 Email Marketing Predictions Get the details See more webinars and events Email marketing Email Marketing Open Rates Sender Reputation Blocklist Check Campaign Reporting Email Deliverability Email Testing Email Design Email authentication Email Authentication DKIM SPF DMARC BIMI Data quality Data Quality Data Deduplication Data Maintenance & Quality Data Migration Data Profiling Data Cleaning Data Governance Data Security Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Why Validity Chat with sales Company Company About Us Careers Leadership Contact Us Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Why Validity Chat with sales Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Get a demo Contact us Overview Resources Support Sign In Schedule a demo Overview Resources Support Sign In Schedule a demo Generate more revenue and increase the lifetime value of your database. Return Path from Validity Achieve world-class deliverability with unique solutions to optimize your email marketing program and drive results for increased revenue. Important Update from Return Path Return Path was acquired by Validity in 2019, but the platform is no longer available for sale. Instead, Return Path has joined 250ok and BriteVerify as part of Validity, bringing together decades of email marketing leadership. We’ve combined our expertise and learnings from thousands of customers to create Everest – a more powerful email success platform. Everest builds upon the cutting-edge technology and functionality of the Return Path Platform, offering broader data coverage from expanded partnerships, access to features never seen in the Return Path Platform, and advanced capabilities to help you succeed in the ever-changing email marketing landscape. See how Everest provides crucial insights and deliverability guidance to help you get more messages to more people, stand out in a crowded inbox, and execute better campaigns faster. LEARN MORE ABOUT EVEREST “Every new or established brand should be using Everest. It doesn’t matter what you’re trying to say in your emails—if they’re not reaching the inbox, no one is listening or reading. Everest gives you the insight you need to understand your inbox placement, reputation and so much more.” Mark Anderson, Senior Salesforce Automation Manager GoCompare See why marketers choose Everest to boost email performance and improve the efficiency of their program. Become the hero of your marketing team. Set up time with one of our guides today to see how Everest will help you get more opens, clicks, and conversions from your email marketing program. Schedule A Demo How can we help? Contact us. Products BriteVerify DemandTools Litmus Product Downloads Solutions Validity for Email Data Management Sales Productivity Resources Blog Customers Path Forward Resource Center Company About Careers Newsroom Contact Anti-Slavery Policy IP & Trademarks Terms Privacy Sitemap Contact Schedule a demo Contact us Help Center Locations © 2025 Validity. All Rights Reserved.