Habitat | Sofas, furniture, lighting & home accessories. Skip to content Track Order Returns Help Habitat Logo - Load homepage Shop by product Shop by room Offers Shop Shop at Habitat Shop by product Shop by room Offers Need Help? Track Order Returns Help Inspiration All inspiration New in Trending Now Habitat gift card Habitat x Morris and Co 60 years of Habitat design Habitat x Scion Autumn home Explore made to order collections Designed by Margo Selby Shop Instagram Buying guides and advice Furniture Shop all Furniture Bedroom Living room Dining room Kids room Office Bathroom Gift cards Sofas & armchairs Shop all Sofas & armchairs Sofas Armchairs Sofabeds Corner sofas & chaise Footstools & pouffes Made to order Shop by size Shop by collection Storage Shop all Storage Baskets & boxes Laundry baskets Shoe storage Bookcases & shelving Cube storage Display cabinets Sideboards Storage benches & ottomans Bathroom storage Clothes rails Home furnishings Shop all Home furnishings Soft furnishings Ornaments & candles Accessories Bathroom Kids furnishings Wallpaper Gift cards Habitat Kids Shop all Habitat Kids Kids bedroom furniture Kids furnishings Nursery Shop by age Lighting Shop all Lighting Ceiling lights Floor lamps Table & desk lamps Wall lights Kids lighting Lamp shades Light bulbs Bathroom lights LED lighting Bedding Shop all Bedding Duvet covers & sets Bed sheets Pillowcases Bedspreads & throws Cushions Duvets Pillows Electric blankets Kids bedding Cooking & dining Shop all Cooking & dining Tableware Glassware Cookware Dinner sets Table linen Kitchen accessories Bakeware Picnicware Kitchen bins Cutlery Serving and lap trays Electricals Shop all Electricals Kettles Toasters Coffee machines Stand mixers Hand mixers Garden Shop all Garden Garden furniture sets Chairs & loungers Garden accessories Laundry & utility Shop all Laundry & utility Laundry baskets Clothes airers Ironing boards Washing lines Kitchen bins search Search Account Bag Shop Sale Same day collection available Flexible credit available Habitat homepage Sale New in Bedroom Bedding Living room Kitchen Habitat kids Lighting Dining room Home furnishings Sofas Office Garden Habitat x Scion Trending Free Click & Collect immediately, subject to availability. T&Cs apply. Find out more Our latest collaborations Habitat x Scion Habitat x Margo Selby Habitat x Morris & Co. Habitat 60th collection Get it or regret it All clearance Fancy a browse? Our latest offers All inspiration Nectar Habitat eGift Card Rugs Storage Sofas and armchairs Why buy at Habitat? Pay no interest for up to 12 months on all furniture products £199+ when you pay your full balance within the plan period with the Argos Card. Representative 34.9% APR variable. Credit subject to status. T&Cs apply. Learn more You can now collect and spend Nectar points when you shop at Habitat Find out more Order online and collect the same day Find out more Turn your home into a winter wonderland Give your home that festive feel with the perfect Christmas tree. Accentuate with baubles and tinsel, and add lights, garlands and wreaths throughout your home. Our range of Christmas decorations has plenty of options to transform your outside spaces for Christmas. Complete the festive scene with our range of Christmas homewares . From cushions and home fragrances to bedspreads and dinnerware, create a cosy vibe this Christmas. At the end of the day, slip into bed dressed in Christmas bedding in a range of festive designs. Effortless kitchen updates Get a helping hand in your kitchen with our latest appliances. Let your culinary creativity flourish – and al fresco and lighter meals are a breeze with our hand mixers and stand mixers. Or grab one of our stylish toasters and coffee machines to brighten up your morning routine. Revitalise your living room Liven up your living room by adding a fresh focal point like an accent chair. Choose a natural leather chair to embrace a light, bohemian feel, or add a touch of sophisticated comfort with a velvet wingback chair, perhaps in a new shade? Pair it with a footstool , and you've created the perfect cosy corner for relaxing as the evenings get longer. Stylish storage for a tidy home Browse our wide collection of TV units . Available in various designs, they work well as smart storage solutions too. Whether you need a space-saving corner TV unit or a sleek, minimalistic TV stand, we’ve got you covered for a clutter-free look. Organise your reading nook Ready to curl up with a book on a brighter afternoon? Our bookstands and bookcases will keep all your favourites organised and accessible. Opt for a tall bookcase that doubles as a display unit for treasures, or a sleek ladder shelf to stylishly store your bits and bobs. Refresh your workspace for productivity We have the essentials to create an inspiring and productive setup. A high-quality office chair is key for staying comfortable and focused. Their flexible backrests and armrests provide extra support, while easy swivel and castors help with mobility. Choose from smooth leather, breathable mesh designs, and more. Find your perfect desk Why not pair your chair with one of our office desks? Compact and functional, they’re just what you need to get things done efficiently. A white work desk offers a clean, bright look, while a black desk brings modern contrast . Set up your devices, diary, and accessories, and feel ready for anything! Brighten up with lighting The right lighting transforms a room, especially as we welcome more daylight. Explore our lamp shades in various designs to enhance your space. Cosy table lampshades are ideal for bedroom side tables, while ceiling shades provide beautiful ambient light for your living room. Mix and match with spotlights and wall lights to create the perfect mood from bright mornings to relaxed evenings. Create your sanctuary Focus on refreshing your personal sanctuary the right bedding. Choose from soft duvets, comfy pillows, and bedsheets in calming patterns or warm colours to match your room’s aesthetic. A beautifully dressed bed invites restful sleep, essential for feeling rejuvenated. If you love staying on-trend, look out for statement pieces in optimistic brights, soothing pastels, or nature-inspired greens and neutrals in our bedding collection . Sign up for £5 off when you spend £50 Open to customers not already signed-up to Habitat marketing. T&Cs apply. Submit By post, email, text message, telephone and other electronic means. For more information on how we use your personal details please refer to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Need help? Help centre Contact us Account Delivery & returns Delivery & collection Returns Refunds Track your order Product recall Furniture Recycling Aftercare, finance & cards Argos Care Argos product support Ways to pay Argos Card Klarna PayPal About Habitat Our heritage Part of the family Careers Press enquiries Modern Slavery Statement Need help? Help centre Contact us Account Delivery & returns Delivery & collection Returns Refunds Track your order Product recall Furniture Recycling Aftercare, finance & cards Argos Care Argos product support Ways to pay Argos Card Klarna PayPal About Habitat Our heritage Part of the family Careers Press enquiries Modern Slavery Statement Follow us Payment methods Accessibility Privacy hub Privacy policy Cookies policy Cookie preferences Terms & conditions © Argos Limited 2025 . All Rights Reserved. Habitat is a trading name of Argos Limited who is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as a credit broker (713206), and works with the lender, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited trading as Argos Card and Argos Financial Services, who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide credit (716148). Home Retail Group Card Services Limited is registered in England (04007072) at 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA. PayPal Credit and PayPal Pay in 3 are trading names of PayPal UK ltd, 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only. Argos Limited acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers. PayPal Pay in 3 is not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Pay in 3 eligibility is subject to status and approval. 18+ UK residents only. Pay in 3 is an unregulated credit agreement. Check if affordable and how you will repay. May make other borrowing more difficult or expensive. See product terms for more details. Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying late may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only. Subject to status. Ts&Cs and late fees apply. Argos Care policies are provided by Domestic & General Insurance PLC, who are an insurer not an intermediary. They have not given you a personal recommendation as to whether this policy is suitable for your needs.