Hacksaw Gaming | Slots provider, scratchcards & instant win games Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 DISRUPTIVE GAMING We are a premium supplier of slots, scratchcards and instant win games to the online gaming industry. GAMES +250 OPERATOR BRANDS +3,000 REGULATED MARKETS +35 Latest games We offer a range of exciting slot games with stunning graphics and the best music in the industry. Look out for our monthly game releases for more great content! Read more about Toshi Ways Club Try it Toshi Ways Club Read more about Donny and Danny Try it Donny and Danny Read more about Jaws of Justice Try it Jaws of Justice Read more about Army of Ares Try it Army of Ares Read more about Le Santa Try it Le Santa VIEW ALL GAMES WHAT WE DO We build slots, scratchcards and instant win games for the largest brands and governments in the iGaming industry. Our games are powered by our industry-leading Remote Gaming Server platform. Slots Mobile-friendly games with gripping gameplay and immersive themes - our slots provide maximum entertainment. TRY THEM NOW! SCRATCHCARDS Blending all the fun of instant with games with cool themes, Hacksaw Gaming Scratchcards offer massive potential. Simply scratch and win! TRY THEM NOW! INSTANT WIN Our instant win range puts YOU in full control. Do you cash out early or hold your nerve? TRY THEM NOW! Let us help you to get your games to the market! OpenRGS partnership program We can offer you the fastest, most secure and most flexible solution to distribute your content in our constantly expanding network of operators. We will help you with licensing, infrastructure, compliance adaptions, certification, translations, commercials and promotional material. Use all the benefits of our expertise and distribution, allowing you to focus on creating the best content you can do and leave the rest to us. More about OpenRGS Latest Articles We are expanding into new jurisdictions and closing new partner deals all the time, take part in our journey and read more about what our next goal is! 2025 Celebrations! Yearly Round Up It’s safe to say that 2025 has been nothing short of unforgettable! Whilst we achieved a lot this year, there are a few milestones that we’re extra proud of. Read more 2025.12.30 Hacksaw Gaming and Glitnor Group Announce New Go Live Across Multiple European Markets Hacksaw Gaming has officially gone live on Glitnor Group’s OneCasino platform, with a selection of its content now available to players across Denmark, Spain, the Netherlands, and additional locally licensed European markets. Covering such a wide range of markets, players on OneCasino’s platform will now be able to enjoy Hacksaw’s infamous content, known for their unique features and thrilling themes. Read more 2025.12.29 New Studio Launch: Hacksaw Gaming Welcomes Pineapple Play After a successful launch with Jinx Gaming, Hacksaw Gaming is excited to announce its newest partnership with Pineapple Play. Their debut game, Coconut Chaos, showcases a quirky take on a fruit theme slot that might just give you the sudden urge for an impromptu Caribbean getaway. Read more 2025.12.22 Hacksaw Gaming Partners with efbet in Bulgaria Hacksaw Gaming has further expanded its reach through a new partnership with efbet, one of Bulgaria’s leading and most established betting and gaming operators. Read more 2025.12.19 All articles © 2025 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks