Cato Networks: World’s Leading Single-Vendor SASE Platform SASE SASE 101 Why SASE What is SASE, its architecture, capabilities, and benefits? Why Cato The drivers and the 4 transformational impact areas of Cato’s true SASE platform. SASE and AI How SASE secures AI adoption and leverages AI for better business outcomes Platform Platform Architecture Core Components Converged single pass processing, purpose built global cloud service, and open data platform. Design Principles 360-degree visibility and control, autonomous life cycle and posture management, gradual low risk deployment, and universal management. AI-powered SASE Built-in (not bolted-on) AI is used across every aspect of the platform, from operational tasks to advanced security Platform Capabilities Connect Cloud Network A purpose-built global, private backbone with embedded  security and optimization for all traffic. Cloud On-Ramps A full set of SASE connectivity options  for locations, users, and cloud. Protect Network Security Converged, cloud-native SSE 360 for threat prevention, data protection, and zero trust network access. AI Security Secure public AI you use, and internal applications you build Endpoint Security Secure risk-based access and endpoint protection for end user devices. Detect Incident Life Cycle Management AI-driven automated incident detection, complete analyst workbench, and full incident life cycle management from investigation to response. Run Unified Management and Integration A single pane of glass and a single API for all configuration, analysis, troubleshooting and 3rd party integration. Platform Features AI Security AI Security Posture Management (AI-SPM) Agentic AI Security AI Security for End Users Threat Prevention Firewall-as-a-Service (FWaaS) Secure Web Gateway (SWG) Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Malware Prevention DNS Security (DNS) Remote Browser Isolation (RBI) IoT/OT Security Data and App Protection Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA) Cato Browser Extension Detection and Response Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Endpoint Protection (EPP/EDR) Optimized Networking Software Defined WAN (SD-WAN) Global Private Backbone Cloud Datacenter Integration Digital Experience Monitoring (DEM) Unified Management Management Application (CMA) Platform API AI & Security AI-Powered Security AI for Threat Intelligence AI for Threat Prevention AI for Data Loss Prevention AI Copilot for Analysts AI for Policy Management AI for Incident Response AI-powered Platform Cato SASE Platform MCP Self-healing Cloud Service Automatic Application Classification Autonomous Device Classification Security Research Cato CTRL (Cyber Threats Research Lab) Rapid CVE Mitigation Cybersecurity Masterclass Threat Research Reports Upcoming Events Use Cases Cato Use Cases Network Modernization MPLS Migration to SD-WAN Global Access Optimization Hybrid Cloud and Multi-Cloud Security Consolidation Secure Hybrid Work Secure Direct Internet Access Secure Application and Data Access Incident Detection and Response Secure AI Adoption Public AI Usage Private AI Applications AI Models Security Business Transformation Vendor Consolidation Spend Optimization M&A and GEO Expansion Customers Partners Cato Partnership Partners Service Provider Cloud Providers MSP Reseller Agent Become a Partner Quick Links Partner Portal Partner Onboarding Managed SASE Testimonials Windstream Enterprise Highlander Computing Solutions C3 Technology Advisors Managed Services Managed Services Managed SASE Managed XDR Intelligent Last-Mile Management Hands-Free Management Site Deployment Company Company Management Board Investors News Partnership with TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team Careers Corporate Governance Resources Resources Learn What is ZTNA (Zero Trust Network Access)? What is SD-WAN? What Is a Network Firewall? What is IPS (Intrusion Prevention System)? What is Network Security? What Is MPLS? What is Secure Remote Access? Explore Blog Library Podcast Cybersecurity Masterclass Threat Research Reports Rapid CVE Mitigation Glossary Cato Community Take Action SASE RFP Template Book 1:1 Demo Have it your way! Get SASE Certified SASE Certification Level 1 SASE Certification Level 2 SSE Expert Certification SASE Advanced Security SASE Deployment and Management SASE Business Impact and Strategy Login English fr de ja ko it es nl tw Contact Us English fr de ja ko it es nl tw SASE SASE 101 Why SASE What is SASE, its architecture, capabilities, and benefits? Why Cato The drivers and the 4 transformational impact areas of Cato’s true SASE platform. SASE and AI How SASE secures AI adoption and leverages AI for better business outcomes Platform Platform Architecture Core Components Converged single pass processing, purpose built global cloud service, and open data platform. Design Principles 360-degree visibility and control, autonomous life cycle and posture management, gradual low risk deployment, and universal management. AI-powered SASE Built-in (not bolted-on) AI is used across every aspect of the platform, from operational tasks to advanced security Platform Capabilities Connect Cloud Network A purpose-built global, private backbone with embedded  security and optimization for all traffic. Cloud On-Ramps A full set of SASE connectivity options  for locations, users, and cloud. Protect Network Security Converged, cloud-native SSE 360 for threat prevention, data protection, and zero trust network access. AI Security Secure public AI you use, and internal applications you build Endpoint Security Secure risk-based access and endpoint protection for end user devices. Detect Incident Life Cycle Management AI-driven automated incident detection, complete analyst workbench, and full incident life cycle management from investigation to response. Run Unified Management and Integration A single pane of glass and a single API for all configuration, analysis, troubleshooting and 3rd party integration. Platform Features AI Security AI Security Posture Management (AI-SPM) Agentic AI Security AI Security for End Users Threat Prevention Firewall-as-a-Service (FWaaS) Secure Web Gateway (SWG) Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Malware Prevention DNS Security (DNS) Remote Browser Isolation (RBI) IoT/OT Security Data and App Protection Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA) Cato Browser Extension Detection and Response Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Endpoint Protection (EPP/EDR) Optimized Networking Software Defined WAN (SD-WAN) Global Private Backbone Cloud Datacenter Integration Digital Experience Monitoring (DEM) Unified Management Management Application (CMA) Platform API AI & Security AI-Powered Security AI for Threat Intelligence AI for Threat Prevention AI for Data Loss Prevention AI Copilot for Analysts AI for Policy Management AI for Incident Response AI-powered Platform Cato SASE Platform MCP Self-healing Cloud Service Automatic Application Classification Autonomous Device Classification Security Research Cato CTRL (Cyber Threats Research Lab) Rapid CVE Mitigation Cybersecurity Masterclass Threat Research Reports Upcoming Events Use Cases Cato Use Cases Network Modernization MPLS Migration to SD-WAN Global Access Optimization Hybrid Cloud and Multi-Cloud Security Consolidation Secure Hybrid Work Secure Direct Internet Access Secure Application and Data Access Incident Detection and Response Secure AI Adoption Public AI Usage Private AI Applications AI Models Security Business Transformation Vendor Consolidation Spend Optimization M&A and GEO Expansion Customers Partners Cato Partnership Partners Service Provider Cloud Providers MSP Reseller Agent Become a Partner Quick Links Partner Portal Partner Onboarding Managed SASE Testimonials Windstream Enterprise Highlander Computing Solutions C3 Technology Advisors Managed Services Managed Services Managed SASE Managed XDR Intelligent Last-Mile Management Hands-Free Management Site Deployment Company Company Management Board Investors News Partnership with TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team Careers Corporate Governance Resources Resources Learn What is ZTNA (Zero Trust Network Access)? What is SD-WAN? What Is a Network Firewall? What is IPS (Intrusion Prevention System)? What is Network Security? What Is MPLS? What is Secure Remote Access? Explore Blog Library Podcast Cybersecurity Masterclass Threat Research Reports Rapid CVE Mitigation Glossary Cato Community Take Action SASE RFP Template Book 1:1 Demo Have it your way! Get SASE Certified SASE Certification Level 1 SASE Certification Level 2 SSE Expert Certification SASE Advanced Security SASE Deployment and Management SASE Business Impact and Strategy English fr de ja ko it es nl tw Secure your AI Transformation Read More One platform to connect all edges, everywhere Cato extends security and networking everywhere using a global private backbone, with full inspection and optimization of multi gig traffic streams, and 360 degrees visibility and control for all traffic. Multiple on-ramp options include Cato SD-WAN devices for physical locations, Cato ZTNA/EPP client for endpoints, and cloud-interconnect and virtual SD-WAN for Cloud DCs. Explore the True SASE Platform Secure networks, users and devices, at scale Cato provides a fully converged and cloud-native suite of threat prevention and data protection capabilities enforced on all traffic, Internet, WAN, and Cloud, traversing the Cato SASE Cloud platform. Cato’s endpoint agent, the Cato Client, provides risk-based zero trust network access with built-in endpoint protection and detection. Explore the True SASE Platform Detect and respond, from within Automated and proven AI/ML models run on Cato’s open data lake for threat hunting and network incidents detection using Cato-generated and 3rd party feeds and events. AI-assisted analyst workbench enables prioritization and response to incidents based on battle-tested tools and playbooks. Explore the True SASE Platform Management, built for speed Cato Management Application is used to configure all policies, monitor network and security analytics, and perform troubleshooting. All current and future capabilities will always be managed in the same way. A single API enables data extraction, automated configuration, and 3rd party integrations. Customers and channel partners can leverage Cato’s built-in data sharing capabilities or use the API to customize data processing. Explore the True SASE Platform Cato Networks named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SASE Platforms. Again. Read report Cato Networks Named a Leader and an Outperformer in the GigaOm 2025 SASE Radar Read report Cato Networks recognized as a Growth and Innovation Leader in SASE Read report Cato Networks Wins 2024 Frost & Sullivan Enabling Technology Leadership Award Read report WAN Transformation with SD-WAN: Establishing a Mature Foundation for SASE Success Read report With Cato you are Ready to grow IT
with the business “We brought up the entire network with full security in less than a month. It was so fast that a competing SASE vendor didn't believe us. Cato made it possible." Protected anywhere and anytime Cato Networks delivers networking and security as a unified service. Cato Networks is the poster child for ZTE and SASE. The Can-Do
Champion “Cato is the solution to get you and keep you ahead” Spending less & getting more “On reduced operation and maintenance״ “For me, Cato future proofs Swissport’s IT infrastructure. The platform constantly evolves, adapts to new technologies, and provides the visibility and security we need to support our business today and tomorrow.” Richard Thorp CTO Read their story “I would definitely recommend the Cato SASE platform to other companies. It makes our life really easy and helps us protect our business even further." Tal Arad Chief Information Security Officer Read their story “With Cato we have a good, solid sedan with the speed of a Porsche that got us exactly where we needed to go fast.” Rodney Masney Chief Information Officer Read their story “Thanks to Cato, I can stand by my promises and feel comfortable we can deliver on the company’s business needs quickly, efficiently, and securely.” Jesper Hjørland Service Manager for Network and Connectivity Read their story "We can set up new sites and VPN users in minutes or hours, and Cato’s agility is helping us adjust the network, bandwidth, and traffic prioritization easily as we migrate step-by-step to the cloud." Tobias Rölz Executive VP, Market and Digital Services Read their story "We have improved the performance of every application on the network by rolling out Cato, We don’t hear about network slowness; we don’t hear complaints." Nick Hidalgo VP, Information Technology Read their story Your SASE journey, your way Network Modernization MPLS to SD-WAN Migration Global Access Optimization Hybrid Cloud and Multi-Cloud Integration Security Consolidation Secure Hybrid Work Enable Secure Direct Internet Access Secure Application and Data Access Incident Detection and Response Business Transformation Vendor Consolidation Spend Optimization M&A and Geo Expansion Secure AI  Adoption Public AI Usage Private AI Applications AI Models Security Posture Cato Networks is the official SASE partner of the TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team, season 10 driver championship winners Learn more Stay updated Webinar The Year of Security Platforms: Are You Ready? Join us for our upcoming webinar featuring GigaOm CTO Howard Holton, where we’ll explore security platforms and take a live tour of the Cato SASE Cloud platform. Watch Now Webinar SASEfy 2025: The Summit for SASE and AI Join SASEfy 2025 to see how SASE and AI are transforming IT security with intelligence, automation, and real-time defense at cloud scale. Watch Now eBook Cato SASE Cloud Platform: SASE Elegance at Its Best Legacy networking and security point solutions are no match for the complexities of modern cyber threats. It’s time for a change. Discover the elegance of Cato SASE Cloud – the platform designed to deliver on the promise of SASE Download eBook eBook The 5-Step Action Plan to Becoming CISO Whether you’re just starting your career in cybersecurity, or looking to step up, our eBook – The 5-Step Action Plan to Becoming CISO, offers an actionable roadmap and strategic insights to accelerate your career progression. Download eBook Webinar Making Sure SASE Projects Are a Success Successful SASE projects hinge on network and security teams’ efficient and effective collaboration. With years of expertise in the SASE market Cato Networks is uniquely positioned to guide your path to SASE project success. Watch Now Awards and Recognitions Cato SASE Cloud Tops Frost Radar Innovation Index Discover the SASE market leader: Frost & Sullivan’s comprehensive analysis, evaluating nine SASE solutions, ranked Cato Networks highest on the recent Frost Radar™ Global SASE, 2023 market assessment. Get Report Innovate, grow and thrive with a true SASE platform With Cato, any organization can reap the full benefits of digital transformation, move at the speed of business and be ready for whatever’s next. Contact us We Are SASE ® SASE SASE 101 Why SASE Why Cato Security Research Customers Platform Platform Architecture Core Components Design Principles Platform Capabilities Connect Protect Detect Run Platform Features Optimized Networking Software Defined WAN (SD-WAN) Global Private Backbone Digital Experience Monitoring (DEM) Threat Prevention Firewall-as-a-Service (FWaaS) Secure Web Gateway (SWG) Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Malware Prevention DNS Security (DNS) Remote Browser Isolation (RBI) IoT/OT Security Data and App Protection Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA) Detection And Response Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Endpoint Protection (EPP) Unified Management Management Application (CMA) Platform API Use Cases Network Transformation MPLS to SD-WAN Migration Global Access Optimization Hybrid Cloud and Multi-Cloud Security Transformation Secure Hybrid Work Secure Direct Internet Access Secure Application and Data Access Incident Detection and Response Business Transformation Vendor Consolidation Spend Optimization M&A and GEO Expansion Deployment Models Regional Enterprises Global Enterprises Do It Yourself Managed Service Company Management Board Investors Careers Legal Documents Cookie Notice Annual Equal Pay Report – Israel Resources Blog Library Customer Success Stories Rapid CVE Mitigation What is SD-WAN? What is ZTNA? What is Network Security? Glossary Partners Become a Partner Partner Portal Login Contact Contact Us Request a Demo Support Customer Login Cookie Settings Podcast Listen to our podcast › Social media Podcast Listen to our podcast › Social media ISO 27001 Certified SOC2 Approved GDPR Compliant Business Continuity Cato Networks Privacy Policy Security, Compliance and Privacy Cookie Notice Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.