Hallmark Channel TV Official Site - Hallmark Movies, Shows, Schedule Hallmark Channel Hallmark Channel Hallmark Mystery Hallmark Mystery Hallmark Family Hallmark Family Hallmark Plus Hallmark Plus Hallmark TV Hallmark TV Hallmark Channel Wines Hallmark Channel Wines Schedule Movies Shows Finding Mr. Christmas Baked with Love: Holiday Mistletoe Murders The Way Home When Calls the Heart The Chicken Sisters Christmas Watch Live Sweepstakes Hallmark+ Stream Now Find Out More Series On Hallmark+ Matching Moments Watch On Demand Hallmark TV App Checklist App Reminders - How-To Reminders - FAQ Shop BUY DVDS BUY DVDS IN CANADA Hallmark Channel Wine Channel Locator Newsletter Hallmark Mystery Hallmark Family Hallmark Hall of Fame Follow Us twitter instagram youtube pinterest facebook Schedule Movies Shows Christmas Watch Live Channel Locator Show/Hide Search Search Query Share Print Email Pinterest Twitter PREMIERES Saturday January 3 8/7c Starring Lacey Chabert and Ian Harding Streaming Next Day on Hallmark+ Find out More Watch a Preview SEASON 13 PREMIERES Sunday January 4 8/7c Starring Erin Krakow, Pascale Hutton, Jack Wagner, Kavan Smith, Chris McNally and Kevin McGarry Streaming Next Day on Hallmark+ Find out More Stream Seasons 1-12 on Hallmark+ PREMIERES Saturday January 10 8/7c Starring Mallory Jansen and Ryan Corr Streaming Next Day on Hallmark+ Find out More Hallmark Channel Homepage Now Small Town Christmas Next Christmas by Starlight 8:00PM Later Holiday Mismatch 10:00PM Full Schedule VIDEO + MORE ADVERTISEMENT Preview - Lost in Paradise Watch a preview for the original Hallmark romantic movie, "Lost in Paradise" starring Lacey Chabert and Ian Harding. Preview - When Calls the Heart - Season 13 Premieres January 4 Your favorite community returns Sunday, January 4 at 8/7c. Don't miss the all-new season of When Calls the Heart. Preview - A Melbourne Match Watch a preview for "A Melbourne Match" starring Mallory Jansen and Ryan Corr. Preview - Winter Escape Learn more about the all-new Winter Escape movies coming to Hallmark Channel in January! Matching Moments Winter Escape CHRISTMAS CLASSICS MARATHON JAN 1 Switched for Christmas When identical twin sisters are stuck planning their respective Christmas parties, they're convinced the grass is greener on the other side. Stars Candace Cameron Bure and Mark Deklin. If I Only Had Christmas At Christmas, a cheerful publicist teams up with a cynical VP and his eclectic team to help a charity in need. Stars Candace Cameron Bure and Warren Christie. My Christmas Dream Christina, the manager of McDougal's department store, is determined to land the manager position for their Paris location. She sets out to impress the store's owner, by creating the best holiday display in McDougal's history. Love You Like Christmas A high-powered marketing executive is on her way to a client's wedding when her plans are derailed by car trouble. When a fork in the road leads her to Christmas Valley, a town in love with Christmas. A Wish for Christmas Sara is the type of woman who prefers to sit on the sidelines at work, but when her big idea for a Christmas initiative is stolen, she makes a wish to Santa that she'll finally have the courage to stand up for herself. A Godwink Christmas: Miracle of Love Brought together by community service, Eric and Joy find new purpose at Christmas. As they help a family rebuild their home, coincidences and a medical miracle lead them to believe in destiny. Stars Kat Barrell & Alberto Frezza. The Most Wonderful Time of the Year Single mom Jennifer Cullen is having trouble finding joy in the holiday season.  Then her Uncle Ralph arrives at her home with the young, handsome Morgan Derby.  Morgan's love of Christmas, and life, is contagious. A Very Merry Mix-Up A woman goes to meet her fiancé's family at Christmas and winds up at the wrong house. Once the mistake is corrected, she realizes that her bond with the wrong family, and their eligible son, was stronger than she expected. Crown for Christmas After getting fired from her job, Allie accepts a temp job as governess to Princess Theodora. A spark forms between Allie and Theodora's father Maximillion, the King of Winshire. Winter Escape 2026 Premieres Lost in Paradise A Melbourne Match Love on the Amazon Caught by Love While on a journey of self-discovery, a resort guest gets swept into an undercover investigation for stolen jewels that turns into an unexpected and adventurous romance. Starring Rachael Leigh Cook and Luke Macfarlane. Winter Escape WHEN CALLS THE HEART PREMIERES JAN 4 0 About the Series Learn more about the original Hallmark Channel series "When Calls the Heart!" 1 When Calls the Heart Memory Quiz 2 Photos from When Calls the Heart Check out photo galleries from all 12 seasons of "When Calls the Heart!" STREAMING ON HALLMARK+ The Christmas Baby A Make or Break Holiday Twelve Dates 'Til Christmas Finding Mr. Christmas ADVERTISEMENT Follow Us twitter instagram youtube pinterest facebook Hallmark Mystery Hallmark Family Hallmark+ About Us Contact Us FAQ Careers Advertising International Corporate Press Channel Locator Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Use CA Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Cookie Preferences Hallmark Cards Accessibility Copyright © 2026 Hallmark Media, all rights reserved Follow Us twitter instagram youtube pinterest facebook ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT