Halopedia, the Halo wiki Sign up Login Navigation Games Original trilogy Halo: Combat Evolved Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary Halo: Campaign Evolved Halo 2 Halo 2: Anniversary Halo 3 Mainline 343i games Halo 4 Halo 5: Guardians Halo Infinite Halo: Spartan series Halo: Spartan Assault Halo: Spartan Strike Halo Wars series Halo Wars Halo Wars 2 Other games Halo 3: ODST Halo: Reach Halo: Fireteam Raven Ports and expansions Halo PC Halo Custom Edition Halo 2 Multiplayer Map Pack Halo 2 Vista Halo 3: Mythic Halo: The Master Chief Collection Halo 5: Forge Applications Halo Waypoint Halo 4: King of the Hill Halo Channel Halo app Halo Stickers Halo Recruit Table top Spartan Games Halo: Fleet Battles Halo: Ground Command Halo Interactive Strategy Game Halo Risk Halo Monopoly Canceled projects Halo: Chronicles Titan Haggar Halo Online Halo: Starfighter Novels The Original Series The Fall of Reach The Flood First Strike Ghosts of Onyx Gray Team The Cole Protocol Envoy The Forerunner Saga Cryptum Primordium Silentium Rebirth Kilo-Five Trilogy Glasslands The Thursday War Mortal Dictata Alpha-Nine New Blood Bad Blood The Ferrets Last Light Retribution Divine Wind Rion Forge & Ace of Spades Smoke and Shadow Renegades Point of Light A Master Chief Story Silent Storm Oblivion Shadows of Reach Sacrifice Battle Born Battle Born Meridian Divide Individual novels Contact Harvest Broken Circle Hunters in the Dark Legacy of Onyx The Rubicon Protocol Outcasts Individual novellas Saint's Testimony Shadow of Intent Anthologies Evolutions Fractures Other media Comics Graphic Novel The Cradle of Life Uprising Helljumper Blood Line Fall of Reach Genesis Initiation Escalation Tales from Slipspace Rise of Atriox Collateral Damage Lone Wolf Art books The Art of Halo The Art of Halo 3 Halo: The Great Journey The Art of Halo 4 The Art of Halo 5: Guardians The Art of Halo Infinite Reference books Original encyclopedias 2009 edition 2011 edition Halo: The Essential Visual Guide Halo 4: The Essential Visual Guide Halo Mythos Halo: Warfleet Halo: Official Spartan Field Manual Halo Encyclopedia (2022 edition) Strategy guides Halo: Combat Evolved Halo 2 Halo 3 Halo Wars Halo 3: ODST Halo: Reach Halo 4 Halo 5: Guardians Animation Halo Legends Halo: The Fall of Reach Live action Landfall The Life Birth of a Spartan Remember Reach Forward Unto Dawn Halo movie Nightfall Halo TV series Gameplay Waypoint Equipment Weapons Vehicles Armor customizations Walkthroughs Multiplayer The universe Characters Blue Team John-117 Linda-058 Kelly-087 Frederic-104 Red Team Jerome-092 Douglas-042 Alice-130 Alpha-Nine Rookie Michael "Mickey" Crespo Taylor "Dutch" Miles Kojo "Romeo" Agu NOBLE Team SPARTAN-B312 Carter-A259 Jun-A266 Emile-A239 Kat-B320 Jorge-052 Fireteam Osiris Jameson Locke Edward Buck Olympia Vale Holly Tanaka Catherine Halsey Jacob Keyes Cortana Avery Johnson 343 Guilty Spark Thel 'Vadam Terrence Hood Miranda Keyes Rtas 'Vadum Gravemind James Cutter John Forge Ellen Anders Librarian IsoDidact Ur-Didact Jul 'Mdama Thomas Lasky Sarah Palmer Roland Atriox Isabel Locations Earth Reach Harvest Sanghelios High Charity Mombasa Alpha Halo Delta Halo The Ark Requiem Maethrillian Species Human San'Shyuum Sangheili Kig-Yar Jiralhanae Huragok Lekgolo Yanme'e Unggoy Forerunner Flood Factions United Nations Space Command UNSC Army UNSC Air Force UNSC Marine Corps Orbital Drop Shock Troopers UNSC Navy Office of Naval Intelligence SPARTAN programs Covenant Covenant military Covenant Honor Guard High Council Insurrectionists United Rebel Front New Colonial Alliance Unified Earth Government Swords of Sanghelios Jul 'Mdama's Covenant Forerunner ecumene Ancient humanity Precursors Technology Technological Achievement Tiers Active camouflage Artificial intelligence Biological augmentation Cryonics Energy shielding Holography Slipstream space Powered exoskeleton Propulsion Communications Medicine Vehicles Weapons Ships UNSC Pillar of Autumn Truth and Reconciliation UNSC In Amber Clad UNSC Forward Unto Dawn Shadow of Intent UNSC Spirit of Fire UNSC Infinity Mantle's Approach Enduring Conviction Society and culture Languages Religion Mantle Food and drink Terms and phrases Timeline Human-Forerunner wars Forerunner-Flood war The Halos' firing War of Beginnings Interplanetary War Insurrection Human-Covenant War Post-Covenant War conflicts Community Discord Info ... Halopedia Forums Halopedia Archive Halo News Network Article improvement Featured articles Halopedia staff Wiki help Policies Manual of Style Blocking policy Canon policy Layout guide Media policy Notability policy Personal image policy Protected page policy Signature policy Spoiler policy Voting policy Help pages Disambiguation Editing Images Links References Signatures Tables Templates Videos Walkthroughs General disclaimer What Halopedia is Related sites Affiliates CyberAcme Destinypedia Halo Canon NIWA Community halo.bungie.org Ready Up Live Forward Unto Dawn /r/halo /r/HaloStory ForgeHub Terminal Hub Rooster Teeth 405th Podcasts Podtacular Podcast Evolved Wikis International Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) Italiano (Italian) 한국어 (Korean) Polski (Polish) Русские (Russian) Español (Spanish) Halo Fanon Halo.fr Red vs. Blue Halo Waypoint Recent changes Random page Special pages What links here Did you know? ...that the Covenant use recovered Protector Sentinels for the personal protection of the Prophets on battlefields? ...that science lances were assembled by the Prophet of Regret in 2525, after the Battle of Chi Ceti to try and study SPARTANs' MJOLNIR technology? ...that Covenant warships are coated with nanolaminate hull plating ? ...that the M808 Scorpion has been in service since 2218 ? ...that attempting to create an account in Halo: Combat Evolved called " .fortune " will trigger the appearance of a fortune-cookie-like phrase? Main page Discussion View source History Main Page From Halopedia, the Halo wiki Search 16,684 articles: Welcome to Halopedia , the Halo wiki and definitive source for Halo information that anyone can edit . This encyclopedia is edited and maintained by a dedicated group of Halo fans! We are currently working on 16,684 articles created since November 4, 2004, and you can help us! Sign up or login to receive exclusive features and customization. Check out the new pages , recent changes , and statistics . Don't know what Halo is? Then read our summary here ! If you've never been here before, you can find out more by checking out the about page. You can also find us on social media or our Discord server . Administrators • Layout guide • Manual of Style • Projects • Policies NAVIGATION Halo universe Halo universe Characters Factions Locations Species Weapons Vehicles Technology Gameplay Campaign levels Multiplayer maps Gameplay guides Title updates DLC Achievements Easter eggs | Glitches Deleted content Real world Games Novels and comics Cinematics Soundtracks Promotional material Action figures i love bees | Axons Fan-made works The community portal is the central place to find out what's happening on Halopedia. Learn what tasks need to be done, what groups can be joined, and get or post news about recent events or current activities. Questions? Check out our FAQ , or ask your own questions at the main page discussion or at the community portal discussion . Want to help but don't know where to start? Head on over to the Article Improvement Drive page for a list of articles in need of improvement. Get to know Halopedia's administrators ! Check out the forums to see what the community is working on, to give feedback or just to say "hi" , and chat with the Halopedia community on our Discord server . News Halopedia news November 4, 2019 : Halo News Network Issue 6 - Believing in us for 15 years December 6, 2021 : Halo: Divine Wind - Halopedia Review October 3, 2022 : Halo: The Rubicon Protocol - Halopedia Review September 8, 2023 : Halo: Outcasts - Halopedia Review May 1, 2024 : Halo: Epitaph - Halopedia Review Official news Halo Infinite 's Operation: Infinite released on November 18 th ! It features the addition of over 200 new customization items to The Exchange , a 100-tier Operation pass with several new armor customization across various armor cores, permanent double XP boots to both career rank and Spartan Points , and more. This is the final planned major content update for Halo Infinite as Halo Studios shifts focus to work on several new Halo titles. During the Halo Championship Series in October 2025, Halo Studios announced Halo: Campaign Evolved , a remake of the original Halo: Combat Evolved campaign, recreated in Unreal Engine 5 , following up on the Project Foundry demo revealed in 2024 ! A total remake rather than a graphical remaster, it includes remade gameplay, art, re-recorded voice acting and music, and new story content in the form of new prequel missions set before the story of the original game. Read more HERE ! Halo: Edge of Dawn , a brand new Halo novel written by Kelly Gay , releases on December 16 th ! It picks up in the immediate aftermath of Halo Infinite 's campaign, following John-117 , Fernando Esparza , and newly-named Joyeuse as the trio continues the fight for Zeta Halo , tying into the event of Halo: The Rubicon Protocol . What's more is that the official audiobook for Halo: Edge of Dawn will be narrated by Nicolas Roye , the voice actor for the Fernando Esparza, with Steve Downes , Jen Taylor , and Debra Wilson also returning to lend their voices to their own respective characters! The first volume of Halo: Waypoint Chronicles , a Halo short story anthology series, is set to release on May 26 th ! It compiles all 24 of the Halo Waypoint Chronicles previously only viewable online, along with Halo Infinite Intel Drops , Armory Infinitum entries, Story Shards , and ten entirely new stories into a single compendium! Digsite , a team composed of 343 Industries employees and community modders , are busy restoring cut content from previous Halo games, such as Halo: Combat Evolved and Halo 2 ! An previous update to Halo: The Master Chief Collection on PC even allows modders to incorporate this restored content into their creations. Read more HERE ! Halo Waypoint News : Canon Fodder • Community Update Recent and upcoming media May 6, 2025 : Last Stand for Halo Infinite May 14, 2025 : Halo: Battle for the Academy – Part 1 June 6, 2025 : Halo: Battle for the Academy – Part 2 June 10, 2025 : Legacy for Halo Infinite July 8, 2025 : Reclaimer for Halo Infinite July 10, 2025 : Halo: Moonrise Over Mombasa August 5, 2025 : Shadows for Halo Infinite September 9, 2025 : Warpath for Halo Infinite September 14, 2025 : Halo: 'Ghosts & Glass' by B. Giraud October 7, 2025 : Haloween II for Halo Infinite October 8, 2025 : Halo: Ascension on Atropos October 27, 2025 : Halo: Fifth Canticle November 18, 2025 : Infinite for Halo Infinite December 16, 2025 : Halo: Edge of Dawn by Kelly Gay May 26, 2026 : Halo: Waypoint Chronicles (Volume I) 2026 : Halo: The Master Chief Omnibus 2026 : Halo: Parasite's Wake 2026 : Halo: Campaign Evolved • Got something to announce? Post it here ! Article Improvement Drive Article Improvement Drive is a community project to improve the wiki's content through bringing articles in dire need of improvement—from cleanup to content expansion and updates—to everyone's attention. Anyone is welcome to participate in the project! A small sampling of articles in need of new content: Veta Lopis ( Halo: Retribution ) Melody Azikiwe ( Halo: Envoy ) Gray Team ( Halo: Envoy ) Rion Forge ( Halo: Smoke and Shadow , Halo: Renegades ) Operation: JOVIAN WHISTLE ( Halo: Last Light ) Drifts Randomly ( Halo: Hunters in the Dark ) The following articles for Halo media could use the addition (or completion) of a plot synopsis : Halo: Renegades Halo: Battle Born Halo: Silent Storm Halo: Bad Blood Halo: Legacy of Onyx Halo: Retribution Halo: Envoy Halo: Smoke and Shadow (Part Four) Promises to Keep See the AID project page for more information! Did you know? ...that the Prophet of Restraint was involved in a major sexual scandal that jeopardized his position and allowed the future Prophet of Truth to usurp him? ...that Dr. Halsey's personal journal was retrieved from SWORD Base by the Office of Naval Intelligence ? ...that the Forerunners were capable of manipulating slipspace to create time-dilated dimensional pockets ? ...that slipstream space translations for a Phoenix -class colony ship require 4.3 quadrillion (4.3 * 10 15 ) calculations of the quantum field per second? ...that Jason Jones can be seen naked in an easter egg in Halo 3 ? • Add your own Did you know? Featured article : Sali 'Nyon Native to the Sangheili colony of Eudolaan, Sali 'Nyon was an exceptional warrior within the Covenant military, earning the rank of zealot commander and a personal commendation from the High Prophet of Mercy. After the war, Sali 'Nyon joined Jul 'Mdama in his attempted resurrection of the Covenant, though ultimately began to question the Supreme Commander's true motivations. Fashioning himself as the true Hand of the Didact, he began to amass his own followers from within 'Mdama's forces, and attempted a coup during the Battle of Aktis IV. Despite failing and becoming imprisoned by 'Mdama, Sali 'Nyon would once again enact an insurrection with the help of ONI operative Ayit 'Sevi, this time successfully rallying followers to his cause and escaping with the Kerel -pattern assault carrier Breath of Annihilation . Eventually, Sali 'Nyon allied with High Lord Dovo Nesto, the fanatical San'Shyuum leader of the Order of Restoration. However, during an attempt to access the Domain on the human colony of Boundary, Sali 'Nyon was killed by War Chief Severan of the Banished while defending Dovo Nesto. Read more... Nominate a featured article here ! Featured quote “ Child of my enemy, why have you come? I offer no forgiveness; a father's sins pass to his son. — Gravemind , Cortana , Halo 3 ” Nominate and vote for your favorite quote! Community chat Affiliates CyberAcme The Marathon wiki and encyclopedia Destinypedia The definitive source for Destiny information NIWA A network of independent Nintendo wikis Retrieved from " https://www.halopedia.org/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1663827 " Category : Main page Main page About Special pages Help Disclaimers Privacy policy Mobile view