Home - Hamilton College home 947C78C7-22EF-49C7-ADD7A5DBF2274894 Skip Main Navigation Hamilton Menu ﻿ Search ﻿ Utility Apply Request Visit Listen ﻿ mute unmute play pause Hamilton - Know Thyself. Listen ﻿ Hamilton will prepare you for a life of meaning, purpose, and active citizenship. Page sections Study What You Love Open Every Door Amplify Your Voice See the World Differently Hamilton will prepare you for a life of meaning, purpose, and active citizenship. Page sections Study What You Love Open Every Door Amplify Your Voice See the World Differently Study What You Love With a distinctive open curriculum and more than 50 areas of study, Hamilton provides you with the freedom, responsibility, and opportunity to create an individualized plan of study. Open Curriculum ﻿ style="text-decoration:none; color:#002f86 !important;" Freedom to discover your academic interests Hamilton is one of the few U.S. colleges with an open curriculum, which means you’ll have the freedom to choose courses that reflect your interests or pursue new ideas. Areas of Study ﻿ About Hamilton Know Thyself Meet Our Faculty Research & Learning Experiences Study Off Campus ALEX: Advise, Learn, EXperience Student Stories Open Every Door We ensure that a Hamilton education is accessible to the most talented students from around the world, and that all students have equal access to our incredible resources. Launch Your Future ﻿ Financial Aid Facts Careers & Outcomes Campus Facilities Notable Alumni Hill Stops Centers & Resources ALEX Advisors Student Research ﻿ Internship Stories ﻿ Internships, community partnerships, our personalized career program, and our extensive alumni network will prepare you to change the world. Amplify Your Voice Communicating well provides evidence of your ability to think well. Hamiltonians express themselves through digital fluency, writing, speaking, and the arts. Digital Fluency: Starring AI as Storyteller Watch ﻿ Writing: The Joy of Communication Watch ﻿ Students chat over lunch at the Spanish language table. Watch ﻿ Arts: Interdisciplinary Interests Intersect Watch ﻿ Public Speaking: A Critical Skill Watch ﻿ Pre-med Football Player Loves Hitting Piano Keys Watch ﻿ See the World Differently At Hamilton, you’ll meet people from various backgrounds who — like you — are academically adventurous and eager to engage with new ideas. Our Community ﻿ Hamilton for Life Destination: The World Get Involved! Learn From Each Other Come to Hamilton prepared to share your opinions, challenge assumptions, and, yes, disagree respectfully. Alumni tell us the people they came to know on College Hill changed their lives and remain among their closest friends. See the World Differently At Hamilton, you’ll meet people from various backgrounds who — like you — are academically adventurous and eager to engage with new ideas. Our Community ﻿ Hamilton for Life Destination: The World Get Involved! Learn From Each Other Come to Hamilton prepared to share your opinions, challenge assumptions, and, yes, disagree respectfully. Alumni tell us the people they came to know on College Hill changed their lives and remain among their closest friends. Hamilton for Life Alumni are proud to be part of the Hamilton community. They generously fund scholarships, new facilities, and a multitude of programs, visit campus and classes to speak with students, and offer internship and job opportunities. When you graduate and start your post-college life in a new city (or continent), Hamilton alumni will be there to help you get started. After Hamilton Destination: The World Our international and domestic study programs will provide you with new perspectives and new ways to challenge yourself. About two-thirds of Hamilton students study off campus before graduating. Global Learning Get Involved! Among a student body of 2,000 incredibly talented and diverse students, you’re certain to find friends who share your interests. Clubs and Organizations Help us provide an accessible education, offer innovative resources and programs, and foster intellectual exploration. Make a Gift ﻿ 198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 13323 315-859-4011 Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Youtube TikTok Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Youtube Footer My Hamilton Maps & Directions Offices & Services Non-discrimination Accessibility Privacy Jobs Contact Us 198 College Hill Rd, Clinton, NY 13323 315-859-4011 © 2025 Hamilton College. All Rights Reserved. Site Menu Search ﻿ Site About Know Thyself Facts History & Traditions Campus Facilities Our Region Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainability Contact Us Admission & Aid Apply Visit Cost Financial Aid Meet Our Staff Request Information Academics Open Curriculum Areas of Study Our Faculty ALEX: Advise, Learn, Experience Centers & Resources Student Research Global Learning Academic Calendar Campus Life Where to Live Where to Eat What To Do Leadership, Activism, & Service Health & Wellness Careers & Outcomes Career Center Internships Fellowships & Scholarships Outcomes Reports Notable Alumni Secondary A-Z Athletics Diversity & Inclusion Events News Performing Arts & Museum Actions Apply Now Request Info Plan a Visit Take a Virtual Tour Support Give Now My Hamilton Audience Alumni Alumni Home Events Alumni News My Hamilton Connect Username/Password Assistance Alumni Council Faculty & Staff My Hamilton Directory Who To Contact Library & IT Current Students My Hamilton Centers & Resources Registrar Forms Dining Hours & Menus Hill Card Library & IT Health & Wellness Parents & Families Parents Home My Hamilton Hill Card Academic Calendar Webcam Campus Map Close ﻿ Site Search What are you looking for? Submit Menu ﻿ Close ﻿