HandWiki Anonymous Not logged in Create account Log in Hand W iki Search Start From HandWiki Namespaces Main Page Discussion More More Languages Page actions Read View source History Hand W iki Wiki Encyclopedia of Knowledge HandWiki is a wiki encyclopedia for collaborative editing of articles on computing, science, technology and general knowledge. Registered users can post and edit articles, books, manuals and tutorials.  Login or request account using the top-right menu. Read more here . News Nov 1, 2025: Updated. Re-register! Feb 10, 2024: >2M full articles Apr 30, 2023: Search in Encyclone Feb 7, 2022: Part of Encyclosphere network Nov 5, 2022: Included in EncycloReader Apr 26, 2022: References can be imported from arXiv.org . Read More.. Featured Article Carl Jung Synchronicity is a concept first introduced by psychologist Carl G. Jung to describe circumstances that appear meaningfully related yet lack a causal connection. In contemporary research, synchronicity experiences refer to one's subjective experience that coincidences between events in one's mind and the outside world may be causally unrelated to each other yet have some other unknown connection... Read More Recent Pages Chemistry:Lysergine Chemistry:Secbutonitazene Chemistry:3,4-Dihydroxymethcathinone Chemistry:Luvesilocin Chemistry:Proteomimetic Chemistry:Clorprenaline Chemistry:Benzgalantamine Chemistry:Erbium oxyfluoride Biography:Milan Randić Chemistry:Thorium dichloride Chemistry:4-Bromoresveratrol Chemistry:2C-Te See More.. Did You Know? 🔗  Designed World is a YouTube channel dedicated to unexplained phenomena and unusual observations. Submit your favorite remarkable cases related to unexplained , and the channel will create a visual short story. Read more and subscribe You can publish encyclopedic articles and blogs using a decentralized publishing platform called EnHub (enhub.org). The articles can also be saved and downloaded using the ZWI file format . 6174 is the Kaprekar's constant, but it is often called "magic number". At first glance, the number 6174 looks like any other number, but .. Read More Featured Learning Resources Life: A visual story: "Unknowable Universes" . This universe is not only finely tuned for your existence — it has astonishing math features that go far beyond what is necessary for life. Technology: A visual story: What does it take to build a UFO? by the History Channel. Programing: The Definitive Guide to Jython. Python for the Java Platform. Software: DataMelt - a free software for numeric computation, mathematics and statistics. New books: The Designed World of Information: Unveiling the Incredible Realm Beyond (Genres: science; spirituality; religion). Read More Recent Blogs How Does Playing Games Contribute to Mental Wellness? Gaming has evolved so much that it is no longer only a hobby. Due to our busy lives, games are now often used to help people clear their minds and feel relaxed... Read more Can you hold 70,000 books in one hand? If you are reading this blog, you are a certifiable smart person and probably know about Project Gutenberg (PG)... Read more Mathematics and Computer Science Here are articles on abstract concepts related to computing in a broad sense.  Such topics unify foundations of mathematics with computations using computers, 
and can be applied to many branches of science, finance or technology.
Mathematics is an essential tool in computing, but computers are used as a main tool in mathematical problem solving.
These topics cover all branches of mathematics, statistics,  computer science, data analysis, machine learning and information science. Mathematics Calculus, algebra, geometry, topology, logic, statistics and related topics → Learn more. [ Add article ] Data Analysis Analysis techniques, data mining, algorithms and visualization → Learn more. [ Add article ] Computer concepts Theory of calculations with computers, computer terms and programming languages → Learn more. [ Add article ] Natural and Formal Sciences The portals "Natural nd Formal Sciences" are dedicated to the study of natural phenomena and  physical world. Astronomy Universe, celestial objects, cosmology, space science and exploration → Learn more. [ Add article ] Biology Studies of life and living organisms → Learn more. [ Add article ] Chemistry Composition, structure and properties of matter → Learn more. [ Add article ] Physics All about physical sciences and related → Learn more. [ Add article ] Earth Sciences about the planet Earth → Learn more. [ Add article ] Unsolved Unexplained problems and unusual observations → Learn more. [ Add article ] Humanities Here are the portals dedicated to the study of aspects of human society and culture. This group of topics includes arts, practices and procedures used to maintain state of physical, social and mental well-being. History Study of past events, chronological records and their interpretations → Learn more. [ Add article ] Philosophy Questions about existence, values, knowledge, reasons and mind → Learn more. [ Add article ] Social Topics related to  social sciences and humanity → Learn more. [ Add article ] Religion System of beliefs and wordviews that relate humanity to spirituality → Learn more. [ Add article ] Medicine Different areas of medical sciences, health and related → Learn more. [ Add article ] Places Various places, particular regions and centers of population → Learn more. [ Add article ] Technology, Tools and Finance Here are articles dedicated to various technology topics (building complex devices and machines), 
software (computer programs and operating systems) and finance (study of money and investments). Engineering Design and manufacturing of complex devices and machines → Learn more. [ Add article ] Software Computer programs and libraries organized by topics → Learn more. [ Add article ] Finance Finance, business, market and financial calculations → Learn more. [ Add article ] Companies, Organizations and People Here are articles about organizations, companies and people  contributing to research and technology.
They serve to support the citations in HandWiki's research articles and books. Organizations Organizations contributing to science and technology → Learn more. [ Add article ] Companies Companies contributing to science and technologies → Learn more. [ Add article ] Biographies Biographies of researches in science and technology → Learn more. [ Add article ] Books, Monographs, Manuals and Tutorials Here are books,  monographs and tutorials. Books and manuals are  organized as collections of articles, and typically span many wiki pages.
A monograph discusses a detailed study of a single specialized subject. Monographs use a single wiki page. Books Online books on science, computations and technology → Learn more. [ Add book ] Monographs Monographs on science, computations  and technologies → Learn more. [ Add monograph ] Tutorials Tutorials on science, computations and technologies → Learn more. [ Add tutorial ] Manuals Manuals on science, computations and technologies → Learn more. [ Add manual ] Topical in-depth encyclopedias Here are in-depth encyclopedias organized according the scientific fields supported in HandWiki. Particle Physics Data analysis techniques in particle physics → Learn more. DataMelt book Online book on DataMelt software for data science → Learn more. Linux Cookbook The Linux Cookbook: Tips and Techniques → Learn more. Data science Course on data science with the focus on Java → Learn more. Help This section contains the description of the HandWiki encyclopedia project. About the HandWiki encyclopedia Description of HandWiki formatting and editing tricks Copyright statements of HandWiki articles Retrieved from " https://handwiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Start&oldid=3821264 " Category : HandWiki help Encyclopedia of Knowledge Portals Main page Data analysis Mathematics Natural Sciences Astronomy & Space Biology Computer concepts Chemistry Physics Earth studies Unsolved problems Humanities History Philosophy Social studies Religion Medicine Technology & Finance Engineering & Tech Software programs Finance & Business Biographies Organizations Companies Places Books Monographs Tutorials Manuals Navigation Navigation Add a new article Search in all topics Search in namespaces Search in categories Search using prefix Help About HandWiki FAQs How to edit Citation manager Formatting articles List of categories Recent pages Recent changes Random page Support & Donate googletranslator Navigation Special pages Wiki tools Wiki tools Cite this page Page tools Page tools User page tools More What links here Related changes Printable version Permanent link Page information Page logs Other projects In other languages Add links In other projects Categories Categories HandWiki help This page was last edited on 13 November 2025, at 15:53. Content is available under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike unless otherwise noted. Privacy policy About HandWiki Disclaimers