Hand Talk: your website accessible in ASL Go to content [1] Go to menu [2] Go to footer [3] A+ | A- Dark mode Accessibility [4] Instagram LinkedIn YouTube BR Accessibility Menu BR Close Home For your Company For You About Us Blog Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Close Go to content [1] Go to menu [2] Go to footer [3] A+ | A- Dark mode Accessibility [4] Menu Home For your Company For You About Us Blog Home Discover the largest Sign Language translation platform in the world We have translated nearly 2 billion words since the Hand Talk Plugin was launched in Brazil. Get early access to the plataform Learn what some of our clients have to say about our technology “Providing accessibility is in our Diversity & Inclusion journey. As we always want to grow closer to our customers, there is no other way to break down that communication barrier with deaf people”.communication barrier with deaf people.” “We brought the virtual translator Maya to our team as part of our journey to be the most inclusive company in the world. We have many deaf people working with us and now we get to offer this service to our clients.” “With the Hand Talk Plugin, along with some of our other inclusion actions, we are able to expand our service possibilities, elevating the quality and experience of our customers while promoting accessibility to all.” Meanwhile, download the Hand Talk App for free and start learning a new language today! Awarded by the UN as the “best social app in the world” Explore Sign Languages with Hugo and Maya A few reasons why you should use the Hand Talk App today Communicate quickly and effectively Have your pocket translator available whenever you need it, online or offline. Make friends with Hugo and Maya 80% of deaf people communicate only in Sign Languages. Open doors to millions of people starting with ASL or Libras (Brazilian Sign Language). Learning a new language can be fun Use your free time to learn a new Sign Language in a fun way with Hugo or Maya. Hand Talk App is a powerful tool Use the App as a resource in the classroom, with family and friends, or just to improve your vocabulary. Download the Hand Talk App for free and start to learn ASL today! Curiosities It is common to see some classic mistakes about the deaf community, especially when you are just starting to learn about it now. Check out some curiosities you need to know: Why are Hugo and Maya virtual translators? Expand Compact There is a difference between translators, interpreters and virtual translators . Today, when referring to Hugo or Maya, we use this nomenclature. Expand Compact Can I say “deaf people”? Expand Compact If you thought this term was offensive, you are mistaken. It is the way they prefer to be called. On the other hand, using deaf-mute is wrong, deaf people have a voice and muteness is a different disability. Expand Compact Is Sign Language made up of “signs” or “gestures”? Expand Compact At some point you must have come across the term “gestures” when referring to ASL, right? While signs are how people communicate in Sign Languages, gestures are just movements people often use as part of their communicative act. Expand Compact Is there a difference between deaf and hearing impaired people? Expand Compact From a clinical point of view, what differentiates the deaf from the hearing impaired is the depth of the hearing loss. However, taking into consideration only the clinical perspective is not enough, since the different terms also carry an important cultural component: American Sign Language. Expand Compact Products Hand Talk Plugin Hand Talk App Hand Talk About Us Contact Content Blog Help Acessibility Support English - USA Português - BR Text Size To increase or decrease the font on our site, use the shortcuts Ctrl + (to increase) and Ctrl- (to decrease) on your keyboard. Close Clique nos botões, no canto direito da tela, para testar o Hand Talk Plugin .