Indiana's First Private College | Hanover College Skip to content Apply Visit Deposit Give INFO FOR Admitted Students Alumni Community Current Students Donors International Students Job Seekers News Media Parents Sports Fans Menu About About Overview Fast Facts Mission & Vision News & Events Offices & Resources Leadership Human Resources Admission Undergraduate Admission Overview Ask for Information Visit Campus Apply Now Deposit Financial Aid & Costs Return on Investment Admission Staff Transfer Students Graduate Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Graduate Financial Aid Graduate Student Services Academics Undergraduate Academics Overview Majors Academic Calendars Study Abroad Summer Academy Faculty Academic Resources Duggan Library Gladish Learning Center Levett Career Center Registrar Graduate Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Graduate Student Services Student Life Student Life Overview Resources for Belonging Campus Housing Clubs & Organizations Campus Safety Athletics Panther Pets Student Life Staff Student Services Dining Health Counseling A Place to Belong . A Person to Become. ™ Apply Today Visit Campus Deposit Athletics Alumni Giving The True Value of Hanover Hanover College provides students with a world-class, transformative education that prepares them for a life of meaning and impact. Price Promise Graduation Guarantee Pell Promise Be You At Hanover, students are free to be themselves and to express their individuality. Be Known We learn together and grow together because we truly care and are invested in you. Be Ready A well-rounded education from Hanover College prepares students for the real world. Check us out on “The College Tour”! Amazon Prime Video’s streaming series “The College Tour” showcases life at Hanover College – Indiana’s most beautiful college campus. The 30-minute episode features the stories and experiences of 10 Hanover students and highlights many of the elements that make Hanover a great place to live and learn. Why choose Hanover? If you’re looking for a place to belong, to grow and to make a difference, Hanover College is right for you. Regardless of what the future brings, Hanover will be there to help our students have a transformative college experience. See what sets Hanover apart . Request Information We would love to send you information about why Hanover could be the college for you! Fill out our form here. Ask Away! Free Online Application Apply to Hanover College using our free online application or the Common App. We’re also a test-optional school. Apply Now! Plan Your Campus Visit Visiting campus will be one of the most important and informative steps in your college search. Let’s get started! Come See Us! Apply for Financial Aid Our financial aid program ensures that Hanover is affordable for everyone, from merit-based and need-based aid to competitive scholarships. Apply for Aid! Enrollment Deposit By submitting your enrollment deposit, you will reserve your spot in the enrolling class and sign up for our orientation session. Save my Seat! 99% of Hanover graduates were employed or continuing their education within 7 months of graduation. See our Outcomes . Will I be successful? Why choose the liberal arts? As a premier liberal art and sciences institution, you’ll get explore a wide range of interests and unlimited possibility at Hanover. Learn more about our academic programs . 38+1 majors + design your own 99% employed or in grad school after graduation 17 average class size How long does it take to get a degree? Hanover guarantees that you will complete your degree in the standard four years, or we will cover your tuition for a fifth year. Learn more about the Four-Year Graduation Guarantee . Majors & Programs For nearly two centuries, we’ve committed ourselves to delivering exceptional education, fostering immersive experiences and helping our students fully realize their potential. launch Admission Hanover is a beautiful campus. But more importantly, we’re cultivating mindful, confident, ethical and healthy practices to help people create a better future. Join the family. launch Aid & Scholarships The Hanover experience is designed for success, but we’re also mindful of the cost of a college education. We work hard to help students and their families get maximum value for a lifetime. launch Inquire About Hanover Schedule a Campus Visit Take a Virtual Tour Yes! Our financial aid program ensures that Hanover is affordable for everyone. 100% of Hanover students receive some form of financial aid. Review the full breakdown of our cost. Can I afford a degree from Hanover? Latest Videos and News Occupational therapy program celebrates first commencement December 19, 2025 Forty-eight students earned a place in Hanover College history as the Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) program’s first graduates. Hanover’s OTD program celebrated its inaugural commencement, Thursday, Dec. 18, in Collier Arena. Photo Gallery / Commencement Program Hanover President Lake “Maestro J” to headline MLK commemoration events December 2, 2025 Hanover College will commemorate the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. Jan. 19-23 with an offering of conversations and volunteer opportunities. The week-long series – “Jazz, Joy and Justice” – will be highlighted by a Jan. 22 presentation Booker to be featured guest for Rogers Peace and Social Justice Series December 2, 2025 Former Kentucky legislator and government official Charles Booker will be the featured speaker for Hanover College’s Bill and June Rogers Peace and Social Justice Speakers Series. Booker will visit campus Thursday, Feb. 12, culminating with a keynote address and book Best-selling author Rachel Macy Stafford to headline third-annual Women’s Brunch November 19, 2025 New York Times best-selling author, educator and speaker Rachel Macy Stafford ’94 will be the featured speaker during Hanover College’s third-annual Women’s Brunch. The event will begin at 10 a.m., Saturday, March 14, in the J. Graham Brown Campus Center. Vocal ensembles’ fall concert to feature sacred choral masterworks October 24, 2025 The Hanover College Concert Choir, Chamber Singers and Ringers will delve into themes of awe, peace, praise, wonder and grief during their fall concert, titled “The Fire and the Stillness: Each note a flame, each silence a prayer.” “The Fire Holcomb presented honorary Doctor of Humane Letters October 23, 2025 Former Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb ’90 was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree during an Oct. 17 ceremony in the J. Graham Brown Campus Center. The conferral was held as part of Hanover’s 98th-annual homecoming celebration. “Eric Holcomb, Pattersons bring Parker Auditorium back to life with business and entrepreneur center October 22, 2025 The opening of the Hanover College Business and Entrepreneur Center and resurrection of Parker Auditorium was celebrated by alumni and the campus community during an Oct. 17 dedication ceremony. The event was held as part of the College’s 98th-annual homecoming Hanover-Evansville create pathway for master’s degree in athletic training October 21, 2025 Hanover College and the University of Evansville have established a partnership that provides an opportunity for students to advance their education in athletic training following their Hanover graduation. The two private southern Indiana institutions created a direct pathway to Evansville’s Master 98th-annual Homecoming celebration Oct. 17-18 October 4, 2025 Not many things are better than a fall weekend on Hanover College’s campus! Homecoming 2025 will be an awesome opportunity to connect with family, friends, classmates and faculty members — maybe even stroll around the Point or watch the Panthers Read more news About Admission & Aid Academics Student Life Athletics Admitted Students International Students Alumni Giving Parent Portal MyHanover Contact Campus Map Employment Accessibility Consumer Info / Privacy 495 College Avenue Hanover, IN 47243 About About Overview Fast Facts Mission & Vision News & Events Offices & Resources Leadership Human Resources Admission Admission Overview Ask for Information Visit Campus Apply Now Deposit Financial Aid & Costs Return on Investment Admission Staff Transfer Students Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) Graduate Financial Aid Graduate Student Services Academics Academics Overview Majors Academic Calendars Study Abroad Summer Academy Faculty Academic Resources Duggan Library Gladish Learning Center Levett Career Center Registrar Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Graduate Student Services Student Life Student Life Overview Resources for Belonging Campus Housing Clubs & Organizations Campus Safety Athletics Panther Pets Student Life Staff Student Services Dining Health Counseling