Home - Hanson Skip to main content Shopping Cart 0 Items 0 Media Player Calendar All Shows Special Shows 2025 Special Shows 2026 Blog Gallery Video Photos Store Membership Music & DVDs Apparel Accessories HANSON Brothers Beer Log In Log In Shopping Cart 0 Items 0 Media Player Stories Underneath Experience Tour Blogs Weekly Photo Store Closed 2025 Blog HANSON: Happy New Year Jan 01, 2026 / Hanson Happy New Year! Read More Underneath Experience Blogs #23 Dec 31, 2025 / Hanson Penny & Me / Feelin' Alright - Live Login or Join STORIES PART 8: Tall Orders and Inconvenient Callings Dec 26, 2025 / TaylorHanson Reflecting on The Walk Login or Join More Blogs Calendar Oct 23 2026 Miramar Beach, FL, US - Lunatic Ball Beach Weekend - Special Shows 2026 7:00 PM EDT Tickets Dec 3 10:00am EST More info and to sign up for early access: shinedownlunaticball.com More Events Instagram More Instagram Posts Facebook YouTube We’ve made it to New Year’s Eve! Can't wait for what's to come! #hanson #livemusic Dec 31, 2025 FINALLY, IT’S CHRISTMAS! Merry Christmas, from our family to yours.?  #hanson #christmasmusic Dec 25, 2025 More YouTube Videos Sign up for our newsletter! Sign up now to receive HANSON.net Newsletters and get notified of events in your area! View our privacy policy. Home About Calendar Blog Gallery Store My Account Website & Fan Club Inquiries General Inquiries Business Inquiries Customer Service FAQs Privacy Policy Return Policy Street Team © 2025 Hanson. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Dialogs Hanson.net Fan Club This page is restricted to Hanson.net Fan Club Members Only. If you are a member, log into your account up at the top. If you are not currently a member, here are all the AMAZING THINGS you're missing out on... Members Only Events Every year, HANSON hosts special events and live streaming concerts that are only available to Hanson.net members. Exclusive Music Every year, Hanson.net mebers receive exclusive music as part of the annual member's EP, as well as other special releases throughout the year. You will also have access to previous years' membership kits in the Hanson.net store Meet the Band As part of your Hanson.net Membership you will be eligible to win a Meet and Greet for a show that you are attending every year HANSON goes on tour. Special Discounts Check your e-mail box for special discounts only for Hanson.net members. Reward Points Get reward points for your Hanson.net purchases. And More!! Including our yearly Hanson Day concert and more. Simply click here to become a member now. Sign Me Up! Existing User Login Username Password Forgot your password? Log In New User Registration Create your free account by filling out the below registration form* Username Email First Name Last Name Postal Code Phone I accept the Terms of Service Register * A user account is required to make purchases from the Hanson.net store. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) governs information gathering online from or
                about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child's parent or guardian is required
                before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13. We collect
                no information about you or your child when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide
                information to us. Reset Password We will send you an email with instructions for resetting your password. Enter either your email address or your user name below. Username or Email Send Email Cancel Sign Up For Our Newsletter Thanks! You are now subscribed. Look for a confirmation email in your inbox. We're sorry, something went wrong and we were unable to process your subscription. Please try again later. Email Address Postal Code Submit Private Message Send New Message To Send New Message To Send Keep Shopping Item Has Been Added to Your Cart Proceed to Checkout