A no-code, product growth platform for mobile first companies Products Hansel Onboard Hansel Optimize features Nudges Segmentation Engine User Journey & Optimization Reporting Solutions User Onboarding & Activation Feedback Feature Adoption Cross & Up Selling Lead Generation Resources Blog Onboard Documentation Optimize Documentation Hansel Customers Login REQuest DEMO Optimize funnels, at scale, with the power of Nudges. No code. Drag, drop and place Nudges in key product flows to move users down funnels. Measure impact within seconds. Request Demo Landing Page Optimization redefined Provide more value to your end consumers with the help of nudges. Help them with the next best action and watch your engagement and revenue funnels work better than ever before. hansel in 90 seconds One infrastructure, multiple Product Management solutions Three steps to improve the product funnel Move users through the product funnel with timely and contextual nudges. Contextualize Integrate with any popular analytics provider. Pull user attributes and behaviour data to derive user context. more about segmentation ‍ Nudge Deploy interventions from Hansel's nudge library. Customize text, layout, UI elements and more. more about nudges Measure Understand the impact of nudges on drop-off rates. Measure uplift rates on core metrics automatically. more about reporting ‍ You're in good company! the difference- More Power With Product and Growth Teams Supported Platforms Support for client side and server side platforms Android Java, Kotlin iOS Swift, Objective C Web React mWeb Server Side Node.js, Java, Go Ionic Integrations Connect Hansel with all data tools to derive user context automatically. Explore 50+ integrations that make your nudges more contextual. Let’s redefine product optimization together! Send us your email to schedule a Hansel.io demo. Form has been submitted ! Products Hansel Onboard Hansel Optimize Features Nudges Segmentation Engine User Journey & Optimization Reporting Solutions User  Onboarding & Activation Feedback Feature Adoption Cross & Up Selling Lead Generation Company About Jobs FAQ Support Contact Policy Tactical Use-Cases and Product Teardowns delivered to your inbox once a month Email Thank you! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. © Copyright 2020 Hansel. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms & services