Classroom Management Software for Schools | Hāpara Dialog window × × LIVE WEBINAR • January 14th • 4:00 P.M. ET Tech Budgets in Tough Times: How to spend where it matters most Dr. Shelby McIntosh Goldman, Gaggle VP of Marketing and Research & Lisa Monthie, Hāpara Engagement Manager In this webinar, we’ll break down smart strategies for making tech decisions that keep student experience at the center. Learn how to identify cost-saving trade-offs, where spending still matters most, and decision-making protocols to help you navigate tough financial times. Sign up for the webinar Solutions Col 1 Hāpara buyer’s guide Learn how Hāpara stacks up against other classroom management platforms. Get the free guide Col 2 Our K-12 Edtech Solutions Classroom management Keep learners on track and focused. Student safety Protect learners online. Student wellness Help learners when they need it most. Hall Pass Real-time visibility into student movement. Col 3 Customer Stories Nathaniel Hawthorne Middle School 74 Joliet Public School District 86 Prince George’s County Public Schools Pasadena Unified School District Appleton Area School District More customer stories → Resources Col 1 Why Choose Hāpara? Discover why schools trust Hāpara in their classrooms. Show me Col 2 Learning Center Blog Read the latest in edtech. Podcast Hear directly from students. E-books and white papers Discover digital learning strategies. Webinars Explore critical education topics. Customer Success Col 1 Learn Short online courses Quickly level up your Hāpara skills. Live virtual training Get your team trained by an expert. On-site training Bring a Hāpara professional to your school. Col 2 Find Help Hāpara Community Connect with educators worldwide. Support center Discover answers to your questions. Contact Hāpara Get one-on-one guidance. Pricing Col 1 Search Log in Col 1 Teachers Log in to view your classes. Students Log in to your Student Dashboard. Request a demo Select Page Day(s) : Hour(s) : Minute(s) : Second(s) Make every tech dollar count! Learn to spend your budget smarter in tough times. Save your spot → THE BEST K-12 CLASSROOM MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE Manage digital distractions and student safety, with one solution Don’t stay in the dark about students’ online activity. Get real-time visibility to keep learning on track and secure with our classroom management software and student safety tools. Request a demo I have seen such a huge difference in my students’ productivity and digital citizenship. The thing I love the most is that if students need redirecting, I can send them a private message to address the issue and not have to ‘call them down’ in front of everyone. I have also used this tool to motivate students and praise them when they are doing well. I feel these factors have enabled me to protect my relationships and communication with my students.” Jessica Burnette Educator and EdTech Specialist Teachers love it. They absolutely love it. It’s a tool we needed. It was a big win for our team. People are excited about the ease of use. That’s something that’s just been a game changer for classroom management when it comes to technology, because we can’t be everywhere in the room all the time. It’s been a big win for us.” Kim Knigge Instructional Technology Coordinator, Joliet Public School District 86 Our all-in-one classroom management and safety solution Our all-in-one solution redefines learning engagement and safety in your school or district. Create productive, secure learning environments where every student gets the support they need to succeed. Classroom management Educators can see exactly how students are using their Chrome or Edge browser, view their Google Drives, guide their learning, build positive relationships and provide formative feedback. Learn more Student safety School and district technology teams can block harmful, inappropriate and distracting content and configure policies to align with learning needs. Learn more Student wellness Designated school and district staff are alerted to warning signs based on student browsing and digital content, allowing staff to provide immediate help. Learn more Hall pass (Available in early 2026) Give school staff real-time visibility into student movement to make safety, accountability and instructional time a priority. Learn more See how Hāpara can empower your educators Request a demo Save educators time with features they want Optimize student focus With our software for classroom management, educators can eliminate distractions in real time so that instructional time is not lost. Students stay focused on their class activities and learn to make responsible digital decisions. Hāpara’s screen monitoring works with Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge. Differentiate browsing and learning resources Some students need extra support staying focused on their digital learning activities. Our digital classroom management software for teachers helps them structure learners’ browsing based on individual or group needs and open differentiated links directly onto their screens. Support digital citizenship and executive function Educators want classroom management monitoring software that makes it easy to support digital citizenship and executive functioning skills. Hāpara allows educators to quickly focus learners’ browsing, block distracting websites for the class period, schedule guided browsing sessions and communicate one on one with learners without interrupting the class. Make student safety and privacy a priority Protect learners in their digital environment Hāpara’s classroom management software gives educators the visibility to ensure that learners are using the internet safely during class time. They can guide learners’ browsing, close and block tabs, and send learners messages to help them navigate safely online. Plus, with real-time dynamic web filtering , your school can create a secure online environment. Choose a solution that safeguards student privacy Hāpara is dedicated to safeguarding student privacy and providing secure solutions for schools and districts. As a founding signatory of the Student Privacy Pledge, we lead with integrity and a commitment to protecting student information. Get the support you need from day one Access fast support from our A-list team Schools say our customer service is second to none. Our team of expert support personnel respond with speed and are committed to finding you a solution. We also have team members who were once school technical administrators, so we understand what your day to day is like. Take advantage of training tailored to your staff’s needs We offer live virtual training and onsite training with a Hāpara expert. We’ll customize your sessions for grade levels or departments so your staff members can use our tools meaningfully. Get insight into usage Access data that shows you exactly how educators in your school or district are using our education management software, including which features they take advantage of most. And many more helpful features Integrate seamlessly with Google Workspace for Education and Google Classroom Hāpara tools work side-by-side with Google Workspace for Education tools. In fact, Hāpara and Google are better together. Educators can also sync their Google Classrooms and share Google Classroom questions, assignments and materials directly from Hāpara. Create accounts with your SSO platform Hāpara not only integrates with Google Classroom, but we also offer integrations with OneRoster, Clever, ClassLink and PowerSchool to make rostering and account creation a breeze. Quickly set up and manage with ease Our implementation team is dedicated to helping you with setup so your school or district can get up and running quickly. Management is low-effort, so you won’t add to your daily workload. Provide a gateway to a global community The Hāpara Community offers customers around the world a collaborative experience where they can learn from one another, ask questions and take part in live events. CUSTOMER STORY Discover why Elizabethton City Schools chose Hāpara The customer service that Hāpara offers is second to none. It’s unlike any other company that we’ve worked with." Phillip Ledford, Instructional Technology Coordinator, Elizabethton High School Read Elizabethton City Schools’ story → Hāpara classroom management software helps schools, educators and learners thrive Hāpara schools across the globe are equipped for focused, safe and personalized learning, where students develop the 21st-century skills they need. 2.2 million learners across districts worldwide In 40+ countries majority in US, NZ, AU, CA In 15% of U.S. medium/large districts Schools love Hāpara “Hāpara has become the most effective tool I have in the classroom. With its seamless integration of technology, Hāpara empowers my students to take charge of their learning and gives me the tools necessary to increase their effectiveness. This combines to create a more engaging and productive educational environment.” James Tobin, educator, Maya High School James Tobin, educator, Maya High School "Hapara can be used to teach good digital citizenship, provide focused digital learning, help differentiate instruction, keep lessons engaging and organized, and provide student feedback." Kristin Clark, educator, Vanderbilt Catholic High School Kristin Clark, educator, Vanderbilt Catholic High School "Hāpara is my favorite teacher tool because it makes sharing documents, keeping track of assignments, and monitoring screens easy." Alicia P., educator Alicia P., educator "Ultimate control, support, scaffolding, organization, planning, monitoring, and guidance, in one place!" Marc Ross, educator, Knox County Schools Marc Ross, educator, Knox County Schools "I love Hāpara so much. It makes my life so much easier." Alexandria Patinka, educator Alexandria Patinka, educator “Lifesaver in middle school” Melissa Teagarden, educator, St. Mary’s School Melissa Teagarden, educator, St. Mary’s School Classroom management software FAQ What is Hāpara? Hāpara offers classroom management software that keeps students safe and engaged, whether they are in the classroom or learning remotely. Is Hāpara Chromebook classroom management software? Hāpara Highlights is a Chromebook monitoring tool that provides educators with visibility into students’ browsing activity. Educators can see browsing progress in real time, allowing them to support learning and help students make responsible decisions online. Is Hāpara also Microsoft Edge monitoring software? Yes, Hāpara Highlights is a browser monitoring tool that can be installed on Microsoft Edge for schools using Microsoft 365 for Education. This gives teachers visibility into what learners are doing in their Edge browsers, allowing them to support learners’ digital citizenship and executive functioning development. Does Hāpara work with Google Classroom? For Google Workspace for Education schools that use Google Classroom, Hāpara streamlines workflows for teachers and students. In Hāpara Highlights, educators can directly share Google Classroom assignments, questions and materials with learners. Hāpara Student Dashboard also pulls Google Classroom content and other learning content into a streamlined online planner for students. How can Hāpara help teachers with Google Workspace for Education? Hāpara integrates seamlessly with Google Workspace for Education. Hāpara Highlights, Teacher Dashboard, Workspace and Student Dashboard each offer integration with Google Workspace for Education. This makes it easier for educators and students to stay organized and gain visibility into learning. Does Hāpara function as both in-school and remote classroom management software? Educators and students can seamlessly use Hāpara at school or remotely by signing in with their school-issued Google or Microsoft accounts during school hours. How much does Hāpara’s classroom management solution with school security software cost? Hāpara’s all-in-one solution offers tailored options to fit your school or district’s budget. Get pricing for your school or district. A better way to manage the digital classroom We’re ready to show you how Hāpara delivers:  Safe and engaged digital learning  Quick implementation and easy management  Professional learning and training to fit your needs  Access to a world-class support team Request a demo Stay connected Enter your school email address to be kept up to date with events, products and competitions from Hāpara. Get started Why Hāpara? Buyer’s Guide Request pricing Request a demo Our blog Our newsletter Products Highlights Teacher Dashboard Web filter Wellness Company Careers Media kit Legal Privacy and trust Ethical monitoring Resources Contact Hāpara Product updates Events and conferences For parents For partners Federal funding Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow © 2010- Hāpara. All rights reserved. Privacy and Legal . Hāpara is a business unit of Cordance Operations LLC 16 W Martin Street, Raleigh, NC 27601 Pin It on Pinterest