Math Centers that Deliver — Differentiation Done Right | HappyNumbers.com We updated our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service For Parents For Admins Contact us Curriculum Pricing Set up your class Math Centers that Deliver – Differentiation Done Right While you teach small groups, Happy Numbers individualizes instruction for the rest of the class and gives you actionable insights about student growth. I’m a Teacher Sign into your account or sign up for one I’m a Student Sign into your account (created by your teacher) ESSA Evidence SOC 2 Type II Compliance COPPA, FERPA, AB1584 Compliant ClassLink Curriculum & Content Partner Clever Top-Rated Math Resource Happy Numbers is helping 2 million students grow in math! Here’s what their teachers think: Get started for free College Readiness Lives or Dies in Elementary Classrooms Only ⅓ of US high school students are ready for college math. Those who lag behind their peers by grade 8 have been on this clear trajectory since kindergarten . To prepare today’s elementary students for the jobs of tomorrow, we first need to prepare them for high school and college. This is why implementing quality resources and instruction in grades PK-5 is so critical. Happy Numbers is research-based View all studies ESSA Evidence Depth over Breadth, Quality over Quantity “All-singing, all-dancing” resources don’t lead to deep conceptual understanding. Time-tested pedagogy and research do. Happy Numbers is built on this vision － empowered by the latest technology and shaped through our work with real teachers across the country. Connected PK–5 Math Story Math by its very nature is an interconnected subject that builds on itself, and so is Happy Numbers. It’s a coherent PK-5 math story, not a shopping list of stand-alone rules and processes. The thoughtfully-designed progression of skills, concepts, connections, and tools that students acquire through Happy Numbers ensures a firm foundation for middle school and beyond. Meaning behind Math with Every Touch Mastering math is about more than just getting the right answer. Students need to understand the reasoning behind their actions, having the flexibility to respond to challenges along the way. Happy Numbers technology allows for hands-on modeling with a diverse range of manipulatives. Through multiple representations Read more... Individualized Scaffolding and Feedback Happy Numbers builds an individualized math dialogue and responds to students just the way you would: unpacking concepts step-by-step, scaffolding learning, and providing immediate feedback based on student inputs. Individualized pacing means those who demonstrate mastery progress more quickly, and those who need more instruction receive it. As a result, Read more... And did we mention? ...students love it! [Happy Numbers] is the most comprehensive and effective technology teaching tool I have ever used for my Kindergarten and First Grade classes! George Regan Slackwood Elementary School in New Jersey Quick Sneak Peek Experience it yourself as you view from a student's viewpoint Count in Rows Count in Columns Choose Above or Below PK K Gr. 1 Gr. 2 Gr. 3 Gr. 4 Gr. 5 Differentiation = Success for Every Student The average 1-to-1-instructed student scores higher than 98% of those in a conventional non-differentiated classroom. That’s the power of individualized instruction: every student can succeed. How can a teacher be everywhere at once? While we can’t clone teachers, Happy Numbers can ensure students get quality instruction when working independently (freeing up teachers to differentiate with small groups): Each student starts off at the right point in the curriculum thanks to built-in Quantile®-based assessments. Students progress at their own pace through our pedagogy-rich math story, supported by instant, individualized feedback and scaffolding. Teachers get actionable insights from Happy Numbers to inform their differentiation strategy. Why individualized instruction? Download the Whitepaper . How Union School District Achieves Individualized Growth Hear from Abe Goldman as he shares how Happy Numbers helps teachers deliver personalized instruction — without adding to their workload. Set up your class! Safe and Easy to Use We took care of everything Compatible with Any Device & Browser Available in Spanish and English Ready to Support You Any Time You Need Keep Your Data Protected © 2025 Happy Numbers. All rights reserved Happy Numbers Inc., 2261 Market Street STE 22178, San Francisco, CA 94114, USA Company Blog Pricing Privacy Policy Privacy Policy for Students Terms of Service Curriculum Pre-Kindergarten Kindergarten 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade Support Help Center Contact us Security Vulnerability Disclosure Program Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Privacy Policy , Privacy Policy for Students , and Terms of Service . Happy Numbers complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), and the California Education Code including the Student Online Personal Information Protection Act (SOPIPA) and AB1584.