Privacy Settings

HAProxy's website uses cookies. By proceeding, you consent to our cookie usage. Please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for cookie usage details and instructions on how to disable cookies.

Privacy and Cookie Policy More information
Deny 
Accept and close

Ingress NGINX retirement > Explore replacement options

Contact us
Blog
Customer login
English 
HAProxy Technologies
Products 
Solutions 
Resources 
Support 
Company 
Get HAProxy
Powering the world's
busiest websites and applications

High-performance traffic management and next-gen security with multi-cloud management and observability. Built for the enterprise — open source at heart.

Discover HAProxy One See what's new in our latest releases 
Watch HAProxy success stories from industry leaders at HAProxyConf

LIVE WEBINAR > HAProxy 3.3 Feature Roundup

Learn why we are G2's top-ranked solution

User reviews on G2 rank HAProxy as a Leader in Load Balancing, Container Networking, API Management, DDoS Protection, and WAF.

Read the G2 reviews

"HAProxy showcases community at its best and this project is the very definition of sustainability."

Kelsey Hightower
Software Engineer and Technologist
Read more 

"An example of a company that focuses on performance and efficiency, that is why HAProxy remains my favorite proxy. Not just adding flashy features."

Hussein Nasser
Software Engineer and Author
Read more 
PLATFORM OVERVIEW
Do more with HAProxy One

The world's fastest application delivery and security platform seamlessly blends data plane, control plane, and edge network to deliver the world's most demanding applications, APIs, and AI services in any environment.

Discover HAProxy One
HAProxy Enterprise

A flexible data plane layer that provides high-performance load balancing, an API/AI gateway, Kubernetes application routing, best-in-class SSL processing, and multi-layered security.

HAProxy Fusion Control Plane

A scalable control plane that provides full-lifecycle management, monitoring, and automation of multi-cluster, multi-cloud, and multi-team HAProxy Enterprise deployments.

HAProxy Edge

A secure edge network that provides a high-capacity global ADN and threat intelligence — enhanced by machine learning — that powers the next-generation security layers in HAProxy Fusion and HAProxy Enterprise.

World-class experience

24/7 support from real humans! We're the authoritative experts on HAProxy — including the edge, data plane, control plane, and security layers. We'll do whatever it takes to make your HAProxy deployment a success.

FEATURED SOLUTIONS
Trusted solutions from the experts in application delivery

HAProxy One keeps your mission-critical websites and applications fast, secure, and highly available — in any environment.

Contact us
Load balancing
Web app and API protection
High availability
Kubernetes app routing
High-performance traffic management at massive scale

Load balancer and reverse proxy for HTTP, TCP, UDP, and QUIC applications — with HAProxy’s legendary performance and reliability! Robust architecture, highly customizable, and runs anywhere.

Go to solution
Cost-efficient performance

2 million TPS on a single AWS Arm instance. Best-in-class SSL/TLS processing. Efficiency that saves you money.

Trusted and proven

Over 20 years of open source development. The world’s most widely used software load balancer.

Any app, any environment

Works with virtually any app, API, or AI service. Advanced routing options and customizable with Lua and SPOE. Run on any Linux server, cloud, container, or VM with identical performance and features.

Load Balancing as a Service (LBaaS)

Offload load balancer management from central Ops teams while making self-service application delivery more efficient for App teams.

Central management

Multi-cluster, multi-cloud, and multi-team management, observability, and automation via a central control plane.

SaaS ADN

Fully managed app delivery services on our global network, powered by HAProxy. For the ultimate scale and simplicity. 

WHY HAPROXY?
Powering the future of secure application delivery

HAProxy Technologies is the company behind HAProxy One, the world’s fastest application delivery and security platform, and HAProxy, the most widely used software load balancer.

About us
Incredible technology

From performance, security, and control planes to the use of AI/ML, HAProxy has led the way for over 20 years — providing a platform for continuous innovation.

Open source and independent

HAProxy Technologies is proudly independently owned and operated. We owe our open source development and rapid growth to our thriving community and customers, alike.

Relentless customer focus

We have only one priority: serving our users by providing the best products and the best customer experience in the world.

HAPROXY USER STORIES
Real experiences, better solutions

Leading platforms and cloud providers trust HAProxy to simplify, scale, and secure modern applications, APIs, and AI services in any environment. Watch them tell their stories at HAProxyConf.

See more user stories Contact us 
Data informed decision making: Roblox use case for more metrics 

Adam Mills from Roblox discusses methods and implementations of data processing and analysis, and shares some tips so you can prove the value of MORE metrics.

Go to user story 

Adam Mills
Principal Site Reliability Engineer, Roblox

FEATURED RESOURCES
See how it works in practice

Your next-gen app delivery and security are closer than you think. Get started with technical webinars, documentation, and more.

See more resources
LIVE WEBINAR
HAProxy 3.3 Feature Roundup

The HAProxy 3.3 webinar is a unique opportunity to hear directly from HAProxy experts and stay ahead of the curve by exploring HAProxy's many new capabilities.

Register now 
ON-DEMAND WEBINAR
Life After Ingress NGINX: A Zero-Stress Migration Guide to HAProxy

Watch our hands-on session where we break down exactly how to move from Ingress NGINX to the HAProxy Kubernetes Ingress Controller—and why this switch gives you immediate performance wins and a future-proof path to the Gateway API.

Watch now 
Discover what's possible

Contact the authoritative experts at HAProxy to find the best solutions for your deployment, scalability, and security needs.

Contact us
Products
HAProxy One
HAProxy Enterprise load balancer
HAProxy Fusion Control Plane
HAProxy Edge
HAProxy Enterprise Kubernetes Ingress Controller
HAProxy ALOHA
Solutions
Load balancing
UDP load balancing
API gateway
AI gateway
High availability
Security
SSL/TLS processing
DDoS protection and rate limiting
Bot management
Web application firewall (WAF)
Universal mesh
Kubernetes
Service discovery
Automation and self-service
Load balancer management
Observability
HAProxy GUI
Application acceleration
Public sector
Resources
HAProxy Enterprise documentation
HAProxy ALOHA documentation
HAProxy Kubernetes Ingress Controller documentation
Upgrade from Community to Enterprise
Certified integrations
User spotlight series
Content library
Blog
Success stories
Partners
Partner program
Certified integration program
Find a partner
Partner deal registration
Support
Customer support portal
Support options
Professional services
Community mailing list
Company
About us
Contact us
Events
Careers
News
+1 (844) 222-4340
© 2025 HAProxy Technologies, LLC. All Rights Reserved
Trademark | Privacy | DMCA Policy | Subpoena Response Policy | Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Sitemap
Manage Cookie Preferences