HAProxy Technologies | Powering the World's Busiest Applications Privacy Settings HAProxy's website uses cookies. By proceeding, you consent to our cookie usage. Please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for cookie usage details and instructions on how to disable cookies. Privacy and Cookie Policy More information Functional Cookies that make the website usable. Analytics Help website owners understand how visitors interact with websites. Ads Enables advertising related storage. User data Consent for sending user data to Google for advertising purposes. Ad personalization Consent for personalized advertising. Show details Consent date: User Unique Id: Deny Save Accept and close Accept all Ingress NGINX retirement > Explore replacement options Contact us Blog Customer login Languages Translation not available HAProxy Technologies Products HAProxy One The world’s fastest application delivery and security platform consisting of a flexible data plane, scalable control plane, and secure edge network. HAProxy Enterprise Software load balancer and API/AI gateway. HAProxy Edge Secure global network for ADN/CDN. HAProxy ALOHA Plug-and-play load balancer appliance. HAProxy Fusion Control Plane Management, observability, and automation. HAProxy Enterprise Kubernetes Ingress Controller K8s-native routing and security. Solutions Load balancing Security Universal mesh UDP load balancing SSL/TLS processing Kubernetes API gateway DDoS protection and rate limiting Service discovery AI gateway Bot management Load balancer management Application acceleration High availability Observability Public sector Web application firewall (WAF) Automation and self-service HAProxy GUI Live Webinar HAProxy 3.3 Feature Roundup The HAProxy 3.3 webinar is a unique opportunity to hear directly from HAProxy experts and stay ahead of the curve by exploring HAProxy's many new capabilities. Register now Resources PRODUCT OVERVIEW Upgrade from Community to Enterprise Migrate from F5 Migrate from Avi Networks Migrate from NetScaler ADC Migrate from Ingress NGINX Certified integrations Datasheets LEARNING HUB Blog Webinars E-books Content library Technical Resources Documentation Glossary Use Cases Success stories User spotlight series Support Expert Support Support details Professional services Customer support portal Community Slack Reddit Mailing list Featured Webinar HAProxy 3.2 feature roundup Watch the webinar Other on-demand webinars Company PARTNERS Partner program Certified integration program Find a partner Company About us News Events Careers Meet Loady CONNECT WITH US Contact us Slack Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit YouTube GitHub Featured Event Apidays Paris, 2025 Learn more Other events Search Get HAProxy Products HAProxy One The world’s fastest application delivery and security platform consisting of a flexible data plane, scalable control plane, and secure edge network. HAProxy One HAProxy Enterprise  load balancer HAProxy Fusion Control Plane HAProxy Edge HAProxy Enterprise Kubernetes Ingress Controller HAProxy ALOHA Solutions Load balancing UDP load balancing API gateway AI gateway High availability Security SSL/TLS processing DDoS protection and rate limiting Bot management Web application firewall (WAF) Universal mesh Kubernetes Service discovery Automation and self-service Load balancer management Observability HAProxy GUI Application acceleration Public sector Blog Resources Technical Resources Documentation Glossary PRODUCT OVERVIEW Upgrade from Community to Enterprise Migrate from F5 Migrate from Avi Networks Migrate from NetScaler ADC Migrate from Ingress NGINX Certified integrations Datasheets LEARNING HUB Blog Webinars E-books Content library Use Cases Success stories User spotlight series Support Expert Support Support details Professional services Customer support portal Community Slack Reddit Mailing list Company PARTNERS Partner program Certified integration program Find a partner Company About us News Events Careers Meet Loady CONNECT WITH US Contact us Slack Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit YouTube GitHub Get HAProxy Languages Contact us Blog Customer login Your browser does not support the video tag. Powering the world's busiest websites and applications High-performance traffic management and next-gen security with multi-cloud management and observability. Built for the enterprise — open source at heart. Discover HAProxy One See what's new in our latest releases Watch HAProxy success stories from industry leaders at HAProxyConf LIVE WEBINAR > HAProxy 3.3 Feature Roundup Learn why we are G2's top-ranked solution User reviews on G2 rank HAProxy as a Leader in Load Balancing, Container Networking, API Management, DDoS Protection, and WAF. Read the G2 reviews "HAProxy showcases community at its best and this project is the very definition of sustainability." Kelsey Hightower Software Engineer and Technologist Read more "An example of a company that focuses on performance and efficiency, that is why HAProxy remains my favorite proxy. Not just adding flashy features." Hussein Nasser Software Engineer and Author Read more Platform Overview Do more with HAProxy One The world's fastest application delivery and security platform seamlessly blends data plane, control plane, and edge network to deliver the world's most demanding applications, APIs, and AI services in any environment. Discover HAProxy One HAProxy Enterprise A flexible data plane layer that provides high-performance load balancing, an API/AI gateway, Kubernetes application routing, best-in-class SSL processing, and multi-layered security. HAProxy Fusion Control Plane A scalable control plane that provides full-lifecycle management, monitoring, and automation of multi-cluster, multi-cloud, and multi-team HAProxy Enterprise deployments. HAProxy Edge A secure edge network that provides a high-capacity global ADN and threat intelligence — enhanced by machine learning — that powers the next-generation security layers in HAProxy Fusion and HAProxy Enterprise. World-class experience 24/7 support from real humans! We're the authoritative experts on HAProxy — including the edge, data plane, control plane, and security layers. We'll do whatever it takes to make your HAProxy deployment a success. Featured Solutions Trusted solutions from the experts in application delivery HAProxy One keeps your mission-critical websites and applications fast, secure, and highly available — in any environment. Contact us Load balancing Web app and API protection High availability Kubernetes app routing Load balancing High-performance traffic management at massive scale Load balancer and reverse proxy for HTTP, TCP, UDP, and QUIC applications — with HAProxy’s legendary performance and reliability! Robust architecture, highly customizable, and runs anywhere. Go to solution Cost-efficient performance 2 million TPS on a single AWS Arm instance. Best-in-class SSL/TLS processing. Efficiency that saves you money. Trusted and proven Over 20 years of open source development. The world’s most widely used software load balancer. Any app, any environment Works with virtually any app, API, or AI service. Advanced routing options and customizable with Lua and SPOE. Run on any Linux server, cloud, container, or VM with identical performance and features. Load Balancing as a Service (LBaaS) Offload load balancer management from central Ops teams while making self-service application delivery more efficient for App teams. Central management Multi-cluster, multi-cloud, and multi-team management, observability, and automation via a central control plane. SaaS ADN Fully managed app delivery services on our global network, powered by HAProxy. For the ultimate scale and simplicity. Web app and API protection Next-gen security with threat intelligence Multi-layered security fends off threats before they can reach your application — powering your uptime while keeping your organization, data, and users safe. Go to solution DDoS protection Maintain service availability without slowdowns, even under sustained attacks or unpredictable traffic spikes. Bot management and protection Fast and cost-efficient bot detection and enforcement, all done locally on your infrastructure. API/AI protection Authentication, filtering, rate limiting, and routing for API traffic and AI/LLM prompts ensures performance and security. Web application firewall Exceptional balanced accuracy and ultra-low latency, without relying on static lists and regex-based attack signatures. Central security policy Multi-cluster, multi-cloud, and multi-team management, security policy, WAF configuration, and observability. SaaS ADN Fully managed app security services on our global network, powered by HAProxy. For the ultimate full-spectrum protection. High availability Uptime for mission-critical applications Seamless redundancy, a resilient architecture, and proactive monitoring ensure high availability for the most demanding applications. Go to solution Fault tolerant clusters With Active/Active or Active/Standby configuration and automatic failover, your backup load balancer will always be ready. Maintain network stability Advanced health checks monitor server health. Retry-requests and circuit-breaking route traffic around unhealthy server groups. Mitigate deployment risks Increase and drain traffic to servers during application deployments. Hitless reloads when updating HAProxy configuration. Resilience to attack Stay online, and protect your users, data, transactions, and content — even under sustained heavy attack. Maximize efficiency Timeouts, connection pooling, and traffic overload protection mean your servers are always running at their best. SaaS ADN Fully managed app delivery services on our global network, powered by HAProxy. For the ultimate reliability and capacity. Kubernetes app routing Simplify Kubernetes on-premises or in the cloud Intelligent external load balancing, multi-cluster routing, direct-to-pod load balancing, and high-performance ingress for Kubernetes applications. Go to solution External load balancing Simplify deploying Kubernetes on-premises with fully automated external load balancing. Multi-cluster routing Enable high-performance load balancing for your Kubernetes clusters within one or many cloud regions. Direct-to-pod load balancing Consolidate Kubernetes app routing into a single layer for reduced complexity and infrastructure costs. Ingress control Kubernetes-standard traffic routing using the Ingress API, in a high-performance package. Service discovery Service discovery, dynamic config generation, and multi-cluster observability via a central control plane. Container images Easily deploy HAProxy nodes in containers with verified images on Docker Hub. Why HAProxy? Powering the future of secure application delivery HAProxy Technologies is the company behind HAProxy One, the world’s fastest application delivery and security platform, and HAProxy, the most widely used software load balancer. About us Incredible technology From performance, security, and control planes to the use of AI/ML, HAProxy has led the way for over 20 years — providing a platform for continuous innovation. Open source and independent HAProxy Technologies is proudly independently owned and operated. We owe our open source development and rapid growth to our thriving community and customers, alike. Relentless customer focus We have only one priority: serving our users by providing the best products and the best customer experience in the world. HAProxy User Stories Real experiences, better solutions Leading platforms and cloud providers trust HAProxy to simplify, scale, and secure modern applications, APIs, and AI services in any environment. Watch them tell their stories at HAProxyConf. See more user stories Contact us Data informed decision making: Roblox use case for more metrics Adam Mills from Roblox discusses methods and implementations of data processing and analysis, and shares some tips so you can prove the value of MORE metrics. Go to user story Adam Mills Principal Site Reliability Engineer, Roblox Modernizing LinkedIn’s traffic stack Rapid changes in the ecosystem forced LinkedIn to revisit its traffic stack. After an extensive evaluation process, HAProxy came out as a winner. See why. Go to user story Sri Ram Bathina Staff Software Engineer, System Infrastructure, LinkedIn Load balancing and high availability on Postgres using HAProxy Discover how Cloudflare uses HAProxy for load balancing, health checks & directing traffic in Postgres clusters across multiple data centers. Go to user story Vignesh Ravichandran Engineering Manager, Databases, Cloudflare Handling 80 petabytes a month: autoscaling with traffic volume to protect revenue and reputation Docker's HAProxy-based cloud-native API gateway is scalable, resilient & highly available. Learn how to leverage Kubernetes for autoscaling in this talk. Go to user story Ryan Hristovski Infrastructure Engineer, Docker Load balancers at DigitalOcean In this presentation, Neal Shrader describes how DigitalOcean leverages HAProxy to power several key components within its infrastructure. Go to user story Neal Shrader Software Engineer, DigitalOcean Inside the GitHub load balancer GitHub built a resilient custom solution on top of HAProxy to intelligently route requests coming from various clients, including Git, SSH, and MySQL. Go to user story Joe Williams Staff Engineer, GitHub How we achieved 2 million RPS: HAProxy on Arm processors Learn how Arm’s Graviton2 processor, which was specially developed to run on AWS EC2 instances, created the opportunity to benchmark HAProxy on a machine. Go to user story Kailas Jawadekar Sr Manager, Software Ecosystem, Arm Featured Resources See how it works in practice Your next-gen app delivery and security are closer than you think. Get started with technical webinars, documentation, and more. See more resources Live webinar HAProxy 3.3 Feature Roundup The HAProxy 3.3 webinar is a unique opportunity to hear directly from HAProxy experts and stay ahead of the curve by exploring HAProxy's many new capabilities. Register now On-demand webinar Life After Ingress NGINX: A Zero-Stress Migration Guide to HAProxy Watch our hands-on session where we break down exactly how to move from Ingress NGINX to the HAProxy Kubernetes Ingress Controller—and why this switch gives you immediate performance wins and a future-proof path to the Gateway API. Watch now Discover what's possible Contact the authoritative experts at HAProxy to find the best solutions for your deployment, scalability, and security needs. Contact us Products HAProxy One HAProxy Enterprise  load balancer HAProxy Fusion Control Plane HAProxy Edge HAProxy Enterprise Kubernetes Ingress Controller HAProxy ALOHA Solutions Load balancing UDP load balancing API gateway AI gateway High availability Security SSL/TLS processing DDoS protection and rate limiting Bot management Web application firewall (WAF) Universal mesh Kubernetes Service discovery Automation and self-service Load balancer management Observability HAProxy GUI Application acceleration Public sector Resources HAProxy Enterprise documentation HAProxy ALOHA documentation HAProxy Kubernetes Ingress Controller documentation Upgrade from Community to Enterprise Certified integrations User spotlight series Content library Blog Success stories Partners Partner program Certified integration program Find a partner Partner deal registration Support Customer support portal Support options Professional services Community mailing list Company About us Contact us Events Careers News +1 (844) 222-4340 Email HAProxy Techologies HAProxy Techologies on Facebook HAProxy Techologies on GitHub HAProxy Techologies on LinkedIn HAProxy Techologies on YouTube HAProxy Techologies on Slack © 2025 HAProxy Technologies, LLC. All Rights Reserved Trademark | Privacy | DMCA Policy | Subpoena Response Policy | Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Sitemap Manage Cookie Preferences