Skip to content
Find A Location
Cafes
Hotels
Casinos
Shop
Entertainment
Games
Bet
Sportsbook
 Unity™ Loyalty Sign in / Join
ABOUT US
HOTELS
CAFES
CASINOS
ROCK SHOP
ENTERTAINMENT
GAMES
BET
SPORTSBOOK
HARD ROCK HOLIDAYS
CELEBRATE TOGETHER

From dazzling light shows and legendary merch drops to festive dining, exclusive hotel offers, and daily surprises, explore all the ways Hard Rock is turning up the cheer this holiday season.

LEARN MORE
HARD ROCK LIVE
MIKE TYSON PRESENTS: RETURN OF THE MIKE TOUR

He’s back on stage and taking an even bigger bite.

FIND A SHOW
UNITY BY HARD ROCK
MASTERCARD® CREDIT CARD

Earn Unity Points on every purchase1. Whether it’s your daily coffee, weekly groceries, dining experiences, or travel bookings, each purchase adds rhythm to your life, while bringing you closer to exciting rewards.

LEARN MORE
HARD ROCK CAFES
FAST, FRESH DELIVERY

Our delicious menu items are now available to be ordered online for fast delivery to your front door.

ORDER NOW
FIND A HARD ROCK:
SEARCH
OR
VIEW ALL
EXPERIENCE ALL OF HARD ROCK

From unforgettable stays to iconic dining and legendary entertainment. Hard Rock brings the energy to every experience.

HOTELS & RESORTS

Stay in style worldwide.

FIND A HOTEL
CAFES

Legendary dining, local flavors.

FIND A CAFE
CASINOS

Thrilling gaming experience.

FIND A CASINO
ENTERTAINMENT

Unforgettable shows and concerts.

FIND A SHOW
MEETINGS & CELEBRATIONS

Legendary weddings & events.

PLAN AN EVENT
ROCK SHOP

Get exclusive merch from the Rock Shop.

SHOP NOW
UNITY BY HARD ROCK
ONE PROGRAM. ENDLESS EXPERIENCES.
Exclusive Member Rates: Get the best deals on hotels and resorts.
VIP Access: Unlock early offers and special perks.
Earn Everywhere: Hotels, dining, gaming, shops, and more.
Special Rewards: Redeem points for unforgettable experiences.
JOIN TODAY
DISCOVER YOUR MEMBER BENEFITS
PLAY ON THE GO
GAMING GOES MOBILE. EXPERIENCE HARD ROCK CASINO FROM ANYWHERE.

Hard Rock Digital brings the thrill of sports betting and iGaming, powered by 50 years of entertainment.  

Fast, seamless sport betting and iGaming
Global Hard Rock energy built into every play
Products designed for fun, excitement, and big wins
LEARN MORE
PLAY ONLINE GAMES
LEGENDS WHO ROCK WITH US

We team up with amazing ambassadors and partners who share our passion for creating unforgettable Hard Rock experiences around the world.

MEET OUR AMBASSADORS AND PARTNERS
OUR HISTORY

Hard Rock started with a single cafe in London's Mayfair in 1971. Today, guided by the Seminole tribe of Florida, we've grown into hotels, casinos, dining, and experiences across 68 countries.

DISCOVER OUR STORY

  @OFFICIALHARDROCK   @HARDROCKCAFE   @HARDROCKHOTELS

LATEST STORIES

Stay up to date with new openings, partnerships, and announcements from across the Hard Rock world.

CATCH UP NOW 
HARD ROCK LIVE TO HOST ‘STAY STRONG JAMAICA’ BENEFIT CONCERT AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK HOTEL & CASINO IN HOLLYWOOD, FLA. FRIDAY, JAN. 2, 2026, AT 8 P.M.

HOLLYWOOD, Fla. – Hard Rock Live to host “Stay Strong Jamaica,” a special benefit concert at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood on Friday, Jan. 2, 2026, at 8 p.m. The event will unite some of Jamaica’s most influential and beloved artists in support of Hurricane Melissa disaster relief and long-term rebuilding across the island.

Tickets are on sale now at www.myHRL.com. Doors open one hour before showtime. Additional fees may apply.

The event will feature performances by Shaggy, Julian Marley, Marcia Griffiths, Wayne Wonder, Inner Circle, Third World, Wailers, I-Octane, Etana, Tee Jay, Shuga, Ernie Smith, Mykal Rose, Chalice, Brick and Lace, Ed Robinson and more, bringing together reggae, dancehall, and Caribbean music legends for one powerful night of unity and healing.

100 percent of net proceeds from ticket sales and donations will be directed to the country of Jamaica through Jamaica’s Promise, the designated beneficiary from the Hard Rock Heals Foundation, supporting urgently needed housing, infrastructure repair, and humanitarian aid.

“Stay Strong Jamaica represents the extraordinary spirit of our people and the unwavering support of our global community,” said Jamaican Prime Minister Dr. Andrew Holness.  “We are deeply grateful to the artists, the organizers, and every person who contributes to this event.  After the initial shock of the widespread devastation, we have now shifted our focus to recovery mode.  Given the magnitude of the damage, there is little doubt that it will be a long and arduous journey.  But together we will rebuild stronger than before.”

“This concert is more than a fundraising effort.  It is a reminder of the resilience of our culture and the unity of our diaspora,” said Olivia “Babsy” Grange, Jamaican Minister of Culture, Gender, Entertainment and Sport.  “Every dollar raised will directly support families, communities, and essential services impacted by Hurricane Melissa.  The “Stay Strong Jamaica” Concert is yet another manifestation of our music, reggae music, providing the opium for soothing our pain and for being the bridge to take us over troubled waters.”

David Hoenemeyer, Chief Operating Officer of Seminole Gaming (on behalf of Hard Rock Heals Foundation), said, “Hard Rock has a deep connection to Jamaica — its culture, its music, and its people.  Hosting “Stay Strong Jamaica” is an honor and a responsibility we take to heart.  We are proud that 100 percent of net proceeds will directly benefit recovery efforts, helping families and communities rebuild with hope and dignity.” 

 

About Hard Rock Heals Foundation®
The Hard Rock Heals Foundation® is a registered 501(c)(3) charitable organization that oversees all philanthropic activities for Hard Rock International. Guided by the belief that music is a universal force for good, the Foundation funds health, wellness, disaster relief, and community-based programs that promote healing through music and kindness. Since launching its grant program in 2016, Hard Rock Heals Foundation has supported hundreds of local organizations making a lasting impact.

  

About Hard Rock Live

Hard Rock Live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood is South Florida’s premier entertainment venue. An investment of more than $125 million, the 7,000-person capacity indoor venue features clamshell-style seating, offering guests an intimate experience. In 2024, Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood ranked No. 5 in Newsweek’s Reader’s Choice Awards for Best Casino with Live Entertainment. Hard Rock Live also ranked No. 4 worldwide in 2024 gross revenue for Pollstar Magazine. Designed by Scéno Plus, the 225,000-square-foot facility is equipped with state-of-the-art, in-house sound and lighting, large HD viewing screens and mobile-stage technology. With its advanced capabilities, Hard Rock Live can support some of the entertainment industry’s biggest performers, as well as nationally and internationally televised awards shows, sporting events and more. A-list entertainers to perform at Hard Rock Live include The Rolling Stones, Metallica, Guns N’ Roses, Maroon 5, Billy Joel, and Dave Chappelle, among others.

 

About Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood

Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood is the flagship-integrated resort of Hard Rock International, owned by the Seminole Tribe of Florida. The renowned entertainment, gaming and hospitality destination unveiled a $1.5 billion expansion in 2019, highlighting the debut of the world’s first and only Guitar Hotel. Between three hotel towers, the resort boasts 1,271 luxury guestrooms. Amenities include a 42,000 square-foot Rock Spa® & Salon; an 18-acre recreational water experience; private “Bora Bora” style cabanas; more than 20 food and beverage outlets; a 26,000 square-foot retail promenade; 120,000 square feet of premier meeting and convention space; and an expansive gaming floor with more than 2,500 slots, more than 200 table games and a 45-table poker room. In 2023, the casino launched live craps, roulette and retail sports betting, offering 10 craps tables, 20 roulette tables, and sports betting locations including both electronic kiosks and kiosks with live sports betting agents. Introducing the new games is a historic milestone that immediately puts Florida in the same league as the world’s great gaming destinations. Hard Rock Live, ranked No. 4 worldwide in 2024 gross revenue for Pollstar Magazine, highlights A-list entertainers and performers, sporting events and live broadcast productions in an intimate 7,000-person capacity setting. Seminole Hard Rock Hollywood is located on 87 acres of the Hollywood Seminole Reservation along State Road 7 (U.S. Highway 441). For more information, visit us online at www.seminolehardrockhollywood.com call 1 (800) 937-0010 or follow us: Facebook: @HardRockHolly, X: @HardRockHolly, Instagram: @HardRockHolly.

 

Media Contacts

Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood

Carolina Gómez, Public Relations Specialist, (954) 797-5599, carolina.gomez@seminolehardrock.com

 

Bitner Group Public Relations

Mayra Hernandez, (954) 309-9606, mayra@bitnergroup.com

CONTINUE READING 
HARD ROCK INTERNATIONAL AND SEMINOLE GAMING PARTNER WITH OCEAN CONSERVANCY FOR SECOND ANNUAL GLOBAL SOUND WAVES PROGRAM

HOLLYWOOD, Fla. – For the second consecutive year, Hard Rock International and Seminole Gaming joined forces with nonprofit organization Ocean Conservancy for the Global Sound Waves joint sustainability program. This collaboration unites Hard Rock team members and communities worldwide with Ocean Conservancy’s mission of protecting the oceans by reducing waste and driving meaningful environmental change.

The partnership, motivated by one of Hard Rock's guiding mottos: Save the Planet, takes a proactive approach to ocean conservation by focusing on upstream waste management, addressing water, food, and material waste to prevent it from polluting the ocean. Through comprehensive waste audits and data-driven analysis, Hard Rock and Ocean Conservancy identify diversion opportunities and implement alternatives that set meaningful waste reduction goals across Hard Rock's global operations. 

The 2025 program included multiple waves:

 

•       Innovation Challenge: A contest produced 51 submissions from front-line team members from properties in 9 countries and 3 continents who identified innovative solutions to reduce waste on their properties.  

1st Place: Jefferson Cristovao, Sukanya Haughton, Erika Barrera - Seminole Classic Casino developed two programs around food waste composting and glass recycling—designed to reduce landfill impact and strengthen community partnerships.

2nd Place: Sara Mendoza - Hard Rock Hotel Maldives tackled the challenge of broken beach umbrellas, transforming them into stylish wet bags for guests, turning waste into a sustainability reminder.

3rd Place: Rodrigo Perez Castro - Hard Rock Casino Rockford gamified the reduction of single-use plastic cups, creating an engaging experience that combines entertainment with environmental responsibility.

4th Place: Jelisa Blunt - Hard Rock Casino Cincinnati proposed reusable cups with smart return technology, rewarding guests through our Unity loyalty program and reducing plastic waste in a tech-forward manner. 

•       Community Cleanup Events: From September through November, Hard Rock, Seminole Gaming, and Ocean Conservancy coordinated global community activations aimed at enhancing the environment, promoting biodiversity, and reducing waste. Properties such as Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood, Seminole Casino Coconut Creek, Seminole Classic Casino, Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya in Thailand, Hard Rock Hotel Tenerife, and Hard Rock Hotel Maldives hosted beach clean-ups that brought 1,700+ team members, guests, communities, and local organizations together to remove pollution from nearby beaches, totaling more than 6,400 lbs. of waste collected. Examples of multi-faceted approaches include Hard Rock Casino Rockford with an e-waste collection drive, book drive, fundraiser, and neighborhood clean-up, while Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Punta Cana integrated environmental education into its Kids' Club programming to inspire the next generation of ocean advocates.

 

Additional participating properties included Hard Rock Hotels in Orlando, Daytona Beach, Goa, Bali,  Cancun, Los Cabos, Riviera Maya, Vallarta,  Madrid, Marbella, Desaru Coast, and Shenzhen; Hard Rock Hotels & Casinos in Sacramento at Fire Mountain, Sioux City, and Atlantic City; Hard Rock Casino Northern Indiana, and Cincinnati; and Hard Rock Cafes in Cologne, Manchester, Milan, Venice, Nambq and Brussels.

 

•       Team Member Education: Over 143 team members participated in a global trivia event to build the knowledge and skills that can make a difference.

 

“This partnership reflects Hard Rock's deep commitment to the areas we serve, with each surrounding environment being such an important part of team member and local community life and guest experiences,” said Paul Pellizzari, Vice President of Global Social Responsibility at Hard Rock International and Seminole Gaming. “We're proud to support Ocean Conservancy's vital work protecting our oceans for future generations.”

“We're grateful for our continued partnership with Hard Rock International and Seminole Gaming,” said Jenna DiPaolo, Chief Brand and Communications Officer at Ocean Conservancy. “Ocean conservation requires collective action, and Hard Rock's commitment to sustainability shows the powerful impact businesses can have when they prioritize our planet.”

Visit www.hardrock.com/social-responsibility to learn more.


Media Contact

Jonathan Goldman, jgoldman@golin.com

CONTINUE READING 
STAY CONNECTED

Join our email list to receive special offers.

CORPORATE 
ACCESSIBILITY
MEMORABILIA
CONTACT
CAREERS

SITEMAP
NEWS
TRAVEL ADVISORS 
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Tiktok

Copyright © 2025 Hard Rock International (USA), Inc. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell My Personal Information

TERMS & CONDITIONS 
DMCA 
CCPA 
PRIVACY POLICY 
COOKIE POLICY 
COOKIES SETTINGS
Cookies are small files stored on your browser. We use cookies to analyze and enhance the usage of our website (“Performance Cookies”) or to provide you with customized content based on the preference you saved on our website (“Functional Cookies”) and we may share data with our advertising partners to build profiles about you to show you relevant ads (“Targeting Cookies”). Click on “Cookies Settings” to set your preferences.Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept All Cookies