Harri - HCM & Workforce Management Technology for Service Industries Employee Records Harri Product Talent Acquisition Workforce Management Employee Engagement Platform Agentic AI Insights and Analytics Compliance Integrations Resources About Us Login Dashboard Request Demo The #1 AI Platform For Frontline Teams Meet Harri, a purpose-built agentic AI platform designed exclusively for hospitality operators. Hire great candidates, forecast demand, and deploy labor–profitably and compliantly–all in one place. Request Demo See It In Action Powering profitability for hospitality’s finest Centralize all your people workflows in a unified platform Build, manage and retain great teams in the platform designed exclusively for hospitality operators. Tackle turnover, simplify scheduling, and automate compliance–all in one place. Talent Acquisition CoreHR Compliance Intelligence Mobile & Communication Demand Forecasting Scheduling Time & Attendance Engagement Rewards & Recognition The Harri Impact 6 of the 10 largest hospitality brands run on Harri for a reason 5M+ employees | 55K locations | 600+ clients | 7.2M applications Slashing GM overtime by 50% for Carl’s Jr. across 51 units Read More Fueling expansion and compliance excellence for Dave’s Hot Chicken Read More Navigating California compliance with Jersey Mike’s Read More See all customer stories → Why QSR, fast-casual and full-service restaurant leaders trust Harri From talent acquisition and workforce management to labor compliance and employee engagement, hospitality leaders trust Harri for a reason. Based on insights from 200+ restaurant executives managing everything from single locations to 500+ unit, multi-brand portfolios. Built for restaurants, not retrofitted You can’t fake experience. Harri was built on 20+ years of firsthand QSR experience. Our founder opened the first Burger King in Australia at the age of 22. End-to-end platform, with seamless integration We handle hiring, scheduling, compliance, and engagement and seamlessly integrate with leading payroll providers, including ADP, Paylocity, iSolved, and Workday. We eat, breathe, and sleep  labor compliance We have the most robust compliance engine in the industry, from Fair Workweek, break violations, minor laws—we track it all and fix it automatically. Agentic AI that thinks like a restaurant operator It’s not a chatbot. It’s not a copilot. It’s a suite of autonomous AI agents that serves as a system of action for your business and streamlines everyday tasks for your team. The ultimate employee experience app Real-time sentiment helps operators predict and prevent turnover. Automated communication keeps teams connected. Instant pay keeps them motivated. Data that drives decisions, not just dashboards Real-time labor analytics, predictive insights, and automated recommendations. See what’s working, what’s broken, and exactly how to fix it—all in one place. What our customers are saying... “It’s amazing to see our employees interacting with each other and do these things without needing a manager to approve it for them. I wish Harri was available in my time as an employee .” Claire Andrew Ranked #1 GM on NRN’s Power List, McDonald’s US 72% reduction in time building schedules​ 11 reduction in days of sub 90-day turnover 21% increase in transactions per labor hour Your future employees have something to say. Gen Z is soon to be the largest working generation. They have some thoughts about AI, their schedules and what they want out of their jobs. The Platform Talent Attraction Applicant Tracking Onboarding Scheduling Time & Attendance Communications Engagement Insights & Analytics Partners & Integrations Resources About Us Join the Team Request a Demo Contact Sales Support Request a Demo Apps Apps Privacy Terms of Service Our Cookie Policy Your privacy choices DMCA Policy © 2025 Harri.com × Close Forgot? Login Don’t have a Harri account? Sign up today. login login Google login ×