Welcome to UHart
      - University of Hartford Skip to Main Content University of Hartford University of Hartford MyUHart MyUHart Blackboard Self-Service Hawkmail Compass UNotes UHartHub Athletics News Events Directory Give UNotes Site Search Search Search Apply About Why UHart? At a Glance Our Faculty Inclusion & Belonging Mission & Vision Strategic Action Plan Offices & Divisions Employment Opportunities Community History Location Success Stories Campus Leadership Accreditation About UHart About Spotlight New at UHart: Momentum, Innovation, and Opportunity Academics Programs of Study Academic Calendar Curriculum Continuing Education Academic Support Commencement Harrison Libraries Study Abroad Schools & Colleges Bookstore Graduate and Professional Studies Center for Student Success Course Catalogs Honors Program Registrar Academics Academics Spotlight Hursey Center Admission Undergraduate Transfer International Apply Financial Aid Visit Virtual Experience Graduate Continuing Education Tuition & Fees Scholarships Request Information Deposit Contact Us Admission Admission Spotlight Application Basics Apply to UHart Fall Open House Student Life Housing Dining Clubs & Organizations Recreation Student Engagement & Inclusion HawkCard ID Office Public Safety Facilities Center for Student Success Allan Center for Career and Professional Development Health, Safety, & Well-Being Athletics Campus Shuttle Student Life Student Life Spotlight New Dining Options for Konover Campus Center Student Events Information For Future Students Accepted Students Current Students School Counselors Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Community University of Hartford About Back Back Why UHart? At a Glance Our Faculty Inclusion & Belonging Mission & Vision Strategic Action Plan Offices & Divisions Employment Opportunities Community History Location Success Stories Campus Leadership Accreditation About UHart About Spotlight New at UHart: Momentum, Innovation, and Opportunity Academics Back Back Programs of Study Academic Calendar Curriculum Continuing Education Academic Support Commencement Harrison Libraries Study Abroad Schools & Colleges Bookstore Graduate and Professional Studies Center for Student Success Course Catalogs Honors Program Registrar Academics Academics Spotlight Hursey Center Admission Back Back Undergraduate Transfer International Apply Financial Aid Visit Virtual Experience Graduate Continuing Education Tuition & Fees Scholarships Request Information Deposit Contact Us Admission Admission Spotlight Application Basics Apply to UHart Fall Open House Student Life Back Back Housing Dining Clubs & Organizations Recreation Student Engagement & Inclusion HawkCard ID Office Public Safety Facilities Center for Student Success Allan Center for Career and Professional Development Health, Safety, & Well-Being Athletics Campus Shuttle Student Life Student Life Spotlight New Dining Options for Konover Campus Center Student Events Information For Back Back Future Students Accepted Students Current Students School Counselors Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Community MyUHart Back Back MyUHart Blackboard Self-Service Hawkmail Compass UNotes UHartHub MyUHart Athletics News Events Directory Give UNotes Apply Site Search Search EXPLORE YOUR PASSION. Learn More Request Information DISCOVER WHAT DRIVES YOU. Learn more Request Information DEFINE YOUR OWN FUTURE. LEARN MORE Request Information Main Content BRING YOUR PASSION. FIND YOUR PATH. With our dynamic schools and colleges all working together, there’s plenty to explore at University of Hartford. You’ll find your own road, but you won’t walk it alone. At UHart, we help you partner your passion with your dream profession. But beyond just landing a job after graduation, we empower you to rise quickly in your field. Through a multitude of perspectives, you'll gain critical thinking skills and the ability to adapt to change. Learn More Request Information 11:1 student to faculty ratio 120+ student clubs and activities 100+ academic programs 90% students receive financial aid What degree option are you interested in? Undergraduate What academic categories are you interested in? Art What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. From ceramics and sculpture, to photography and painting, our studio-based instruction provides Hartford Art School students the opportunity to display their work and build their portfolios. Animation and Game Art Explore art asset development for animation in TV, film, and gaming. This program, rooted in traditional arts, fosters hands-on creation for the production pipeline. Specialize in 2D & 3D animation/design. Hartford Art School View Program Page Art History This program offers students a wide variety of courses that cover art from around the globe. Hartford Art School View Program Page Ceramics Work with both sculpture and pottery in the introductory courses, and develop personal direction in your work as you advance in the curriculum. Hartford Art School View Program Page Illustration Be prepared to work at a professional level, with a comprehensive understanding of illustration and the ability to merge your client's needs with your personal style. Hartford Art School View Program Page Painting and Drawing Practice and explore your technical, aesthetic, and conceptual skills in the Painting and Drawing Department. Hartford Art School View Program Page Photography The curriculum integrates experimental, narrative, and documentary approaches to photography. You will be trained in black and white and color wet processes, studio practices, digital technologies, and a variety of historical techniques. Hartford Art School View Program Page Printmaking Receive the technical and aesthetic instruction and learn the critical thinking skills necessary to develop as a working print artist. Hartford Art School View Program Page Sculpture Explore a wide range of approaches to sculpture production. This program recognizes the broad diversity of styles, techniques, and independent conceptual visions that define the field of contemporary sculpture. Hartford Art School View Program Page Visual Communication Design Learn how to design static and interactive work, which can include motion graphics, product packaging, advertising pieces, and so much more. Hartford Art School View Program Page Learn more about: Hartford Art School Careers in Art Business What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. You’ll learn how to navigate the business world with confidence, and intern with prestigious organizations like Cigna as you prepare for your career after graduation. Accounting Accounting is a professional major that prepares you for entry-level positions in public accounting, management accounting, and financial management. Barney School of Business View Program Page Business Analytics and Managerial Economics This major gives you valuable skills in quantitative methods and economic analysis. Prepare to work at some of the biggest companies in the country. Barney School of Business View Program Page Economics The economics program prepares you for a wide variety of careers in governmental and non-profit organizations, business, law, public administration, and foreign services. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Entrepreneurial Studies This major gives you the tools you need to start a new business, manage a small business, expand a family business, lead innovation efforts in a corporate environment, or become an effective manager in a fast-growing enterprise. Barney School of Business View Program Page Finance The world of finance is changing rapidly. Prepare to take advantage of these opportunities through a combination of coursework and partnerships with the business community. Barney School of Business View Program Page Marketing This major prepares you for leadership positions in the private, public, and non-profit sectors. Concentrations allow you to specialize your skills and tailor them to your career goals. Barney School of Business View Program Page Risk Management and Insurance This major prepares you for jobs related to the identification, evaluation, mitigation, and financing of risks faced by business and individuals alike. Barney School of Business View Program Page Sports Management Prepare to become a business leader in sports management. Students will learn the analytical and technical skills necessary to succeed in a broad array of career paths in the sports industry. Barney School of Business View Program Page Supply Chain Master business value creation by coordinating processes across entities. Develop analytical skills for end-to-end product management, from sourcing to delivery. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Learn more about: Barney School of Business All Business Programs Communication What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. The workforce hungers for effective communicators that can find creative ways to connect with people in their busy schedules and overwhelming amount of information through cell phones, television, radio, etc. Study everything from cinema to sociology and digital media and journalism. Cinema Work in a production and editing lab that features the latest computer technology and collaborate with our award-winning faculty on professional sets. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Communication Create advertising, public relations, and social media campaigns for real clients, all while learning how to effectively communicate with different target audiences. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Digital Media and Journalism Prepare for an exciting career in digital media production, broadcast journalism, sports media, or as a media business professional. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page English and Modern Languages If you are interested in teaching English at the secondary level, UHart offers a BA in English with a certification in secondary education. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Marketing Prepare for marketing leadership jobs. Concentrations allow you to specialize your skills and tailor them to your career goals. Barney School of Business View Program Page Visual Communication Design Gain the skills you need to succeed as a graphic designer, art director, or commercial artist. Hartford Art School View Program Page Learn more about: School of Communication Education What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. We take you from classroom to career: Field experience begins your first semester at a local school or early childhood center. Early Childhood Education This major will give you the knowledge and training to pursue a variety of careers in public and private schools as well as child care centers and community programs. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Elementary Education Be prepared for a rewarding teaching career in grades 1-6 with this major. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page English/Secondary Education Take classes in both the English and Modern Languages Department and ENHP to earn your teaching degree. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Integrated Elementary and Special Education You can earn two certifications in four years, which significantly opens doors to career options. You will be eligible for certification in elementary education (grades 1-6) and special education (grades K-12). College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Learn more about: College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions All Education Programs Engineering & Architecture What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Our degree programs in engineering, technology, and architecture provide you with a career-ready education, and multiple opportunities for innovation and real-world application. Acoustical Engineering and Music This nationally recognized interdisciplinary engineering program is offered in cooperation with The Hartt School at UHart. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture The Hartt School View Program Page Aerospace Engineering This program is designed to advance in-demand skills in the fundamental science and technologies to create, develop, and improve aircraft and spacecraft. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Biomedical Engineering This program prepares students with a solid basis in a diverse variety of subjects related to biomechanics, biofluids, and bioinstrumentation. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Civil Engineering This program will prepare you for careers in various areas, such as structural engineering, transportation, or environmental engineering. You will learn about design, construction, and maintenance of buildings, bridges, highways, and airports. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Computer Engineering This hands-on engineering program focuses on the connection between computer hardware and software design, helping students learn how to solve real-world problems. Its curriculum includes five technical specialty electives, which offers students maximum flexibility to tailor their program to their own interests. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Computer Science and Engineering This program allows you to open up your career options by studying both computer science and computer engineering. You take exciting classes in programming, coding, design and analysis, computation, and electrical engineering. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Electrical Engineering This program covers a branch of engineering concerned with generating, distributing, processing, coding, transmitting, receiving, and deciphering electrical and electromagnetic signals. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Mechanical Engineering This program truly embodies the spirit of creativity and innovation as it is one of the broadest areas of study in engineering. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Robotics Engineering This program offers students the ability to gain skills in the growing field of robotics and make an impact on the future. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Learn more about: College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture All Engineering Programs All Engineering Technology Programs Engineering Technology What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, below are a few programs that could be a great fit for you. Our degree programs in engineering, technology, and architecture provide you with a career-ready education, and multiple opportunities for innovation and real-world application. Architectural Design + Technology This rigorous academic program prepares students for a variety of careers in architecture and the construction industry. The program integrates technical, structural, and liberal arts courses through the design of progressively more complex architectural projects. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Audio Engineering Technology Through this program, students learn the ins and outs of audio equipment not only by using tools to create professional music productions, but also by pulling those very tools apart to learn how to maintain, repair, and design them. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Computer and Electronic Engineering Technology This program is a hands-on engineering technology program that focuses on analog and digital circuits, electronics, microprocessors, as well as fundamental computer programming, computer architecture, and network systems. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Construction Management + Technology Provides instruction on the management skills and broad-based business knowledge required for the continually changing technical and occupational subjects of the construction industry, such as construction planning, design, and safety. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Electromechanical Engineering Technology This interdisciplinary hands-on engineering technology program incorporates elements of both electrical and mechanical systems. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Engineering Technology Explore the Engineering Technology, BS (Contract Major) for personalized education beyond traditional majors. Craft your plan, combining courses from various schools, such as business and communications, to align with unique career goals. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Learn more about: College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture All Engineering Technology Programs Health Professions What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. You will be actively engaged in the healthcare community through clinical placements, research, and community outreach, ensuring that you’ll be practice-ready when you graduate. Biology and Biochemistry We have two degrees in biology—a bachelor of science and a bachelor of arts. Explore careers in environmental science, science education, and health care fields with our degrees in Biology. We also have a degree in biochemistry, where you can study the chemistry of the living world and explore physical and chemical sciences. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page BS: View Program Page Biochemistry: View Program Page Exercise Science This program prepares you to help people improve and maintain their physical fitness, health and quality of life. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Health Sciences This program prepares you for professional or graduate study in health-related fields such as occupational therapy, speech pathology, or public health. This program is also available as a minor. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Nursing Our direct-entry nursing program provides you with the classroom, laboratory, and hands-on clinical experience you need to become a highly skilled, compassionate caregiver. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Physical Therapy This is a combined Bachelor of Science degree in Exercise Science and Doctor of Physical Therapy degree. It is a pathway for direct entry into the DPT program at UHart. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Occupational Therapy This program prepares you to help people of all ages live active, productive and independent lives. Occupational therapists make it possible for people to perform “the job of living” and enjoy life to the fullest. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Prosthetics and Orthotics The combined BS and MSPO program is a 5-year program with an exciting career in prosthetics and orthotics. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Radiologic Technology Radiologic technology is a dynamic, fast-paced profession that combined the use of sophisticated medical imaging technology with compassionate care of the ill and injured. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Respiratory Care Respiratory care focuses on the care of people with breathing disorders. Patients are of all ages, from premature infants to older adults, in this high-tech, high-touch career. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Learn more about: College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions College of Arts and Sciences Liberal Arts What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Here, you don’t just memorize theories—you collaborate, integrate, and represent your point of view thoughtfully. Classes are small, which means you’ll receive personal attention and support from faculty. Criminal Justice This program focuses on the interdisciplinary view of crime and its control, including policing, crime prevention through personal change and community development. You develop broad skills and take classes in criminology, law, policing, sociology, and forensic studies. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page English and Modern Languages Learn the ability to read and understand a wide variety of literary texts and express yourself through creative writing. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page History You'll study the rise of American industry and the development of American labor, world wars, and America's growing influence on world affairs, the impact of immigration, the birth and explosive growth of mass culture, and more. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page International Studies At UHart, the world can be your classroom. 75 percent of our international studies majors study abroad for a semester. You can concentrate in either global security or global development and consider a double major in politics and government, economics, or modern languages and cultures. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Judaic Studies Explore Jewish history and culture in our interdisciplinary program, while taking part in exciting research or study abroad opportunities. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Philosophy This program promotes clear, systematic thinking that can benefit any profession. Ethically, it emphasizes the importance of taking responsibility for one's views and of carrying on respectful dialogue with others. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Politics and Government If you are planning a career in law, government, the civil services, politics and government, or the nonprofit sector, our politics and government program gives you the opportunity to explore your interests and get hands-on experience. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Psychology If you are interested in studying psychology and are planning a career in business, industry, education, health services, personnel work, or in any field involving human relations, UHart's psychology program is for you. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Sociology Sociology is the scientific study of social behavior. Our program helps you prepare for a wide range of careers by addressing the most pressing issues of our time. Sociology has a broad scope and relevance for research, theory, law, and social policy. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Learn more about: College of Arts and Sciences All Liberal Arts Programs Music What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Through diverse coursework and close mentoring relationships with faculty, you can make your passion your profession. Jazz Studies Learn from jazz masters and perform on/off campus. Focus on musicianship, theory, improvisation, and professionalism. The Hartt School View Program Page Music This rigorous program combines the breadth of a liberal education with in-depth study in music The Hartt School View Program Page Music Composition This program provides you with the guidance needed to express your individuality through music. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Education This program offers you one of the nation's most comprehensive courses of study and prepares you for a career as an elementary and secondary school music educator. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Performance Our performance programs are designed for the student of superior talent and motivation whose goal is to master instruments like violin, cello, and more, and grow and hone their technique and musicianship with renowned faculty. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Management This major provides performing musicians with a broad background in both music and business. Students receive weekly private lessons, play in ensembles, and study music theory, history, ear training, and keyboard. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Production and Technology Students follow a course of study that combines a traditional music conservatory curriculum (including study of an instrument or voice in classical or jazz) with courses in recording engineering, music production, electronic music, acoustics, and music business. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Theatre This program brings together the disciplines of music, dance, and acting. The program addresses the ever-changing aspects and character of theatre and performance. The Hartt School View Program Page Performing Arts Management Students learn about both the for-profit and nonprofit sectors of the industry. Experiencing both sides of the field allows students not only to explore a variety of problems inherent to the industry through classroom discussions, guest speakers, field trips, and assignments, but also to make an educated decision about their future careers. The Hartt School View Program Page Learn more about: The Hartt School Careers in the Performing Arts Sciences What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. If you are planning a career in research, plan to go on to graduate, medical, or dental school, or simply fascinated by the physical and natural world around you, explore one of our academic programs in science. Biochemistry In this program you can study the chemistry of the living world and explore physical and chemical sciences. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Biology We have two degrees in biology—a bachelor of science and a bachelor of arts. Explore careers in environmental science, science education, and health care fields with our degrees in Biology. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Chemistry UHart offers two degrees in chemistry—a bachelor of arts and a bachelor of science. Be certified to meet the standards set by the American Chemical Society, the largest scientific society in the world with an exciting and rewarding career in chemistry. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Computer Science Our computer science programs encourage hands-on learning in both group and individual classroom settings. We offer four undergraduate programs that will help you excel in the computer science industry. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Data Science Master data science skills and solve real-world problems. UHart's program provides rigorous training in data analysis, modeling and visualization. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Environmental Science Passionate about environmental impact? Explore our interdisciplinary environmental studies program. Develop skills for policy, communication, and a rewarding career in sustainability for industry, government, or nonprofits. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Health Science Dive into the booming healthcare field! Our program offers science fundamentals and diverse electives (nutrition, ethics, gerontology) to launch your journey in health professions like therapy, public health, and administration. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Mathematics A mathematics degree can open a world of opportunities for you! It can be paired with a minor to give students a competitive edge in the job market and give you a new appreciation for the core education and application of mathematics. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Physics UHart offers two degrees in physics—a bachelor of arts and a bachelor of science. The bachelor of arts is the perfect choice if you want to study physics but are not necessarily intending to become a physicist. The bachelor of science gives you a solid foundation for graduate study or employment in physics or related fields. College of Arts and Sciences View Department Page Learn more about: College of Arts and Sciences All Arts and Sciences Programs Theatre & Dance What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Through diverse coursework and close mentoring relationships with faculty, you can make your passion your profession. Actor Training Challenge yourself to expand both your craft and your creative imagination so that you can be successful in a broad range of theatrical styles from contemporary to classical. The Hartt School View Program Page Ballet Pedagogy This major strongly emphasizes pedagogical structure and theory, covering different styles and schools of ballet and modern dance, from the earliest pre-ballet to coaching the advanced dancer. The Hartt School View Program Page Dance Performance UHart offers multiple programs in dance, including ballet pedagogy and dance performance. The performance major is designed to prepare you for careers in dance as a professional performing artist. The pedagogy prepares you to teach dance to all ages in professional school and university dance programs. The Hartt School View Program Page Music Theatre This program brings together the disciplines of music, dance, and acting. The program addresses the ever-changing aspects and character of theatre and performance. The Hartt School View Program Page Stage Management This program prepares you for a career in the management of all genres of performance. You will learn aspects of production as well as personnel skills. The Hartt School View Program Page Technical Theatre This program prepares you for a professional career specializing in the areas of sound, lighting, stagecraft, and costumes. The Hartt School View Program Page Learn more about: The Hartt School Careers in the Performing Arts Graduate What academic categories are you interested in? Art What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Three limited-residency Master of Fine Arts programs are offered specializing in illustration and photography designed for working artists who want to enhance their skills and further their careers. Master of Fine Arts in Illustration This program is designed specifically to meet the needs of practicing illustrators who maintain active, full-time professional careers. Hartford Art School View Program Page Master of Fine Arts in Photography Our international limited residency program allows you to pursue a professional degree while maintaining your career. Hartford Art School View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies Hartford Art School Business Business UHart offers multiple degrees in business for professionals seeking to further their degrees, including an MBA from our highly ranked Barney School of Business. Master of Business Administration Complete your MBA with just 12 classes, either online or in class, part-time or full-time. Choose the format that best supports your learning style. Generally, the average working professional will be able to finish our program in two years. Barney School of Business View Program Page Master in Accounting and Taxation This program is designed for students who seek to develop or advance a career in professional accounting or taxation in industry, public accounting, government, or not-for-profit organizations. Barney School of Business View Program Page Master of Science in Business Analytics This online program will prepare you for a career in the growing field of business analytics, or for other jobs requiring you to use analytics to make business decisions. Barney School of Business View Program Page Dual MSAT/MBA Earn both the Master of Science in Accounting and Taxation and the Master of Business Administration degree. Advance your career by earning two degrees. Barney School of Business View Program Page Dual M.Eng/MBA This partnership between the Barney School of Business and the College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture provides a broader academic focus for engineers moving into the management and leadership tracks. Barney School of Business College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Master of Science in Management This online program meets the evolving needs of students and employers by providing a modern look at the business world and the knowledge and skills to manage people and processes. Barney School of Business View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies Barney School of Business Communication Communication Our communication graduate programs provide well-rounded, innovative, and integrated education focused on the media, human communications studies, and integrated communications. Integrated Communication This program connects you with cutting edge industry-standard resources and professionals and provides a launching pad for your success in a wide variety of businesses, nonprofits, and other organizations. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Master of Arts in Communication This program provides you with both a comprehensive overview of the field of communication and a specialization in areas such as media, integrated communication, and human communication. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Master of Business Administration Complete your MBA with just 12 classes, either online or in class, part-time or full-time! Choose the format that best supports your learning style. Barney School of Business View Program Page Master of Science in Organizational Psychology This program gives you the option to complete the program on campus, or 100 percent online, giving you the flexibility to advance your career from the comfort of your home or office College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Arts and Sciences Barney School of Business Computer Science Computer Science UHart offers a masters degree in computer science for professionals seeking to further their degrees. Master of Science in Computer Science Take your computer science career to a higher level with our master’s degree in computer science. The program combines innovative coursework with research and capstone project opportunities to give you a competitive edge when applying for upper-leveland management positions, or to a PhD in computer science program. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Learn more about: Education Education With increasing job prospects for teachers over the next decade, you may want to consider the University's excellent master's programs or doctoral program to help you excel in your career as a teacher. Master of Education in Early Childhood Education If you're interested in working with young children in public or private schools, childcare centers, or community programs, but did not pursue a teaching degree as an undergraduate, then this program may be a great fit for you. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page to MEd in Education, Montessori Concentration This online degree focuses on Montessori education and offers a unique combination of AMI teacher training with a graduate degree. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Master of Education in Special Education This online program prepares you to become a highly competent teaching professional, and offers three track to best serve the needs of our students. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Master of Music Education The Hartt School offers you one of the nation's most comprehensive courses of study. Combining rigors of conservatory training with a solid foundation in music education, the program prepares you for a career as elementary and secondary school music teacher. View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions The Hartt School Engineering & Architecture Engineering These programs provide excellent preparation for an engineering career by offering specialty course work including applied design and mathematics, engineering management, and an independent study. Master of Architecture This program focuses on integrative learning and ensuring that students can approach an architectural project with an armament of skills beyond design. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Dual M.Eng/MBa This program is a partnership between the Barney School of Business and the College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture. It provides a broader academic focus for engineers moving into management and leadership tracks. Barney School of Business College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Master of Engineering in Civil Engineering This program offers specialty course work, applied mathematics, engineering management, and design project independent study. Through this program, you will feel prepared to advance in your engineering career. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Master of Engineering in Environmental Engineering UHart offers two programs in environmental engineering—a Master of Science and a Master of Engineering. These programs emphasize applied design and stresses communication to allow individuals to advance in their careers. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page View Master of Science Program Page Master of Engineering in Electrical and Computer Engineering UHart offers two degrees in electrical and computer engineering—a Master of Science and a Master of Engineering. These programs offer specialty course work, applied mathematics, engineering management, and design project independent study. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page View Master of Science Program Page Master of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering UHart offers two degrees in mechanical engineering—a Master of Science and a Master of Engineering. These programs emphasize applied design and stresses communication, which is very important for a successful career. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page View Master of Engineering Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture Health Professions Health Professions You will be actively engaged in the healthcare community through clinical placements, research, and community outreach. Doctor of Physical Therapy The Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) is an entry-level professional physical therapy program designed for individuals with a bachelor’s degree in another subject area who have satisfied all the prerequisite course requirements and wish to become qualified for licensure as physical therapists. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Master of Science in Neuroscience This program is interdisciplinary in nature and provides experiences at the interface of biology, psychology, and other natural sciences. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Master of Science in Nursing This program prepares nurses for advanced roles in nursing education, nursing management, or public health. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Master of Science in Occupational Therapy This program prepares students for OT careers through a series of foundational science courses, clinical skills laboratories, and current theories in practice. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Master of Science in Organizational Psychology This program gives you the option to complete the program on campus, or 100 percent online, giving you the flexibility to advance your career from the comfort of your home or office College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Master of Science in Prosthetics and Orthotics UHart collaborates with Hanger Clinic to offer this program. The professions of prosthetics and orthotics are specialized allied health professions that combine a unique blend of clinical and technical skills. We also offer a transitional MS in Prosthetics and Orthotics program. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View MSPO Program Page Orthopedic Physical Therapy Residency Program In partnership with Hartford HealthCare Rehabilitation Network, the University of Hartford offers a 13-month hybrid residency program in orthopedic physical therapy. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Arts and Sciences College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions Music Music UHart graduate programs in composition, conducting, music education, music history, music theory, performance, piano accompanying, jazz studies, and Suzuki pedagogy. Master in Music This program offers you one of the nation's most comprehensive courses of study. Combining the rigors of conservatory training with a solid foundation in music education, this program prepares you for a career as an elementary and secondary school music educator. The Hartt School View Program Page Master of Music Education This program is one of the nation's most comprehensive courses of study. Combining the rigors of conservatory training with a solid foundation in music education, the program prepares you for a career as an elementary and secondary school music educator. In addition to general music, choral music, wind and string, instrumental pedagogy, music education majors receive training in such methodologies as Kodaly, Suzuki, and Orff. The Hartt School View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies The Hartt School Doctoral What academic categories are you interested in? Health Professions Health Professions Our programs are designed for practicing educators, offering tools for leadership development and the application of evidence-based methods. BS/DPT This is a combined Bachelor of Science degree in Exercise Science and Doctor of Physical Therapy degree. It is a pathway for direct entry into the DPT program at UHart. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Doctor of Nursing Practice This degree prepares nurses at the highest level of nursing education, is fully online, and is designed to enable working nurses to complete their degrees while continuing full-time employment. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Doctor of Physical Therapy This program is an entry-level professional physical therapy program designed for individuals with a bachelor’s degree in another subject area who have satisfied all the prerequisite course requirements and wish to become qualified for licensure as physical therapists. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology We prepare students to become competent, self-aware, and compassionate clinical psychologists who are able to function effectively in multiple roles. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions College of Arts and Sciences Education Education With increasing job prospects for teachers over the next decade, you may want to consider the University's excellent master's programs or doctoral program to help you excel in your career as a teacher. Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership The Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership (EdD) program reflects the latest thinking and research on higher education leadership, organizational dynamics, and institutional change. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies College of Education, Nursing, and Health Professions Musical Arts Doctor of Musical Arts The Doctor of Musical Arts (DMA) degree program is designed to develop the complete musician, emphasizing both the highest level of musicianship and practical scholarly insight. Choral Conducting Studying choral conducting at Hartt offers private conducting lessons, languages and diction, voice study, musicianship, score reading and preparation, performance practice, and an array of academic studies to prepare choral directors for conducting and teaching careers in the community, school, and university settings. The Hartt School View Program Page Composition Through studies in traditional concert music, film music, music for the theatre, improvisation, and advanced modern compositional techniques, students are exposed to an ever-changing array of music. Music Composition offers students the guidance they need to express their individuality through their music. The Hartt School View Program Page Guitar Performance The Guitar Program is the oldest and most developed performance-based guitar program in the country. Our goal is to provide our students the opportunity to develop their performance skills in a professional setting and graduate students who are well-prepared to enter the fields of concert performance and college teaching. The Hartt School View Program Page Instrumental Conducting Instrumental Conducting at The Hartt School normally consists of two masters students and two doctoral students, each of whom has the opportunity to rehearse and perform with the Wind Ensemble, Symphony Band, Orchestra, Chamber Orchestra, Contemporary Ensemble and Music Theatre and Opera. The Hartt School View Program Page Instrumental Performance As an instrumentalist at Hartt, you receive training in performance, pedagogy, and career development. The instrumental faculty members are all working musicians who perform with orchestras, chamber ensembles, Broadway shows, service bands, pickup groups, and as soloists and studio musicians. The Hartt School View Program Page Piano Performance When you choose to study piano at Hartt, you will be immersed in a well-rounded, comprehensive course of study designed to prepare students for professional opportunities. The Hartt School View Program Page Vocal Performance To everything from private voice lessons, coachings, vocal pedagogy, language and diction study, opera stagecraft, and our invigorating core music curriculum the Doctor of Musical Arts degree program is designed to emphasize the highest level of musicianship, in the focus of vocal study. The Hartt School View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies The Hartt School Music Education Doctor of Philosophy The Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Music Education is designed to instruct you in methods of social scientific inquiry so you can engage in research and develop pedagogies that pave the way for new discoveries in learning. Music Education Combining the rigors of conservatory training with a solid foundation in music education, the program prepares you for a career as an elementary and secondary school music educator. You will investigate experimental techniques, (quantitative and qualitative), and their application to the advancement of music education practice. The Hartt School View Program Page Learn more about: Graduate Studies The Hartt School Certificate What academic categories are you interested in? Business Business MBA Certificates Advance your career with a specialized MBA Certificate. If you already have a graduate degree or MBA from an accredited institution, you can apply earn one our nine certificates by completing four graduate courses. Certificates include: Business Analytics, Finance, Insurance, Healthcare Management, International Business, Management, Marketing, Project Management, and Supply Chain Management Barney School of Business View Program Page Learn more about: Barney School of Business Health Professions What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Our program is designed for students who wish to pursue a career in medicine, osteopathy, dentistry, optometry, veterinary, chiropractic, or podiatry. Master of Science and Sixth Year Certificate School Psychology The School Psychology program is an integrated full-time program, with a three-year sequence of course work and practicum experiences, leading to the both a Master of Science Degree and a Sixth-Year Certificate. College of Arts and Sciences View Program Page Certificate in Computed Tomography The certificate program in computed tomography (CT) assists individuals preparing for a career as a credentialed CT technologist. The program accepts qualified individuals into a 10-month, 15-credit sequence of courses that provides students with both classroom instruction and clinical experience. In this advanced certificate program, students gain eligibility to earn an additional credential in CT–highly attractive to potential employers. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Certificate in Diagnostic Medical Sonography The Diagnostic Medical Sonography (SONO) certificate program is designed to enhance the professional skills of individuals who are currently certified by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists or equivalent and have State of Connecticut licensure. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Certificate in Magnetic Resonance Imaging This certificate program in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) prepares individuals for a career in an exciting field of diagnostic imaging. The program accepts qualified individuals into a 10-month, 21-credit sequence of courses that provides students with both classroom instruction and clinical experience. College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions View Program Page Learn more about: View All Certificates College of Education, Nursing, and Health Professions College of Arts and Sciences Paralegal Studies What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Earn a specialized certificate in finance, insurance, international business, management, marketing or a general discipline that you select. Paralegal Certificate The Paralegal Certificate program is designed for students who have a minimum of 60 undergraduate credits (30 credits of which must be in the liberal arts) and therefore have a strong background in general education. University Studies View Program Page Learn more about: View All Certificates Technology What career path interests you? With your career aspirations and our guidance, the possibilities are limitless. Based on your selections, these programs are the best fit for you. Our certificate programs in technology provide you with a career-ready education and multiple opportunities for innovation and real-world application. Certificate in Computer Science If you have a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college and are looking to make a career change or sharpen your computer skills, you can gain a solid background in computer science through our Certificate in Computer Science program. You can even enroll on a part-time basis. College of Arts & Sciences View Program Page Certificate in Manufacturing Metrology This program in manufacturing metrology is designed to prepare engineers with skills in engineering metrology with a focus on manufacturing. This unique program provides an essential set of tools for you to enhance your proficiencies in manufacturing and metrology in aid of increasing global manufacturing competitiveness and in-demand careers. Learn more about this certification. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture View Program Page Certificate in Project Management With the increasing demand to combine different strategies and tools for implementing projects in a world economy, there is greater need for skilled project managers to improve the performance of their business or organization. Students with an undergraduate degree in engineering, as well as those currently enrolled in a master's degree in engineering, may earn a specialized Certificate in Project Management. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture Barney School of Business View Program Page Certificate in Supply Chain Management Supply chain management has become an essential skill set for managing global enterprises involving the strategic flow of goods and services towards customers needs. This certification allows you to develop a portfolio of methods indispensable in the current complex business/engineering environment dominated by globalization, outsourcing and structural dynamics. Students with an undergraduate degree in engineering, as well as those currently enrolled in a CETA master degree in engineering, may earn a specialized Certificate in Supply Chain Management. College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture Barney School of Business View Program Page Learn more about: View All Certificates College of Arts and Sciences College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture Barney School of Business Start Over Back To Categories What Program Fits You? Step 1 of 3 Step 3 of 3 Learn more about: Start Over Back To Categories Step 2 of 3 Start Over Schools and Colleges. ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES. College of Arts & Sciences A & S In the College of Arts and Sciences, you develop the critical thinking, problem solving, and communication skills you need to pursue a successful career. Here, you don’t just memorize theories—you collaborate, integrate, and represent your point of view thoughtfully. Classes are small, which means you’ll receive personal attention and support from faculty. You get hands-on experience through internships, research with faculty, and study abroad opportunities. Our interdisciplinary offerings enable you to engage with the world from multiple perspectives. When you graduate, you will be able to address problems  and offer viable solutions, because you will have spent the last four years doing just that. Learn more about: College of Arts & Sciences Academic Programs Barney School of Business BARNEY The Barney School of Business is recognized for its ever-evolving curriculum, tangible learning opportunities, and innovative Career Ready program. Bloomberg Businessweek and The Princeton Review have ranked Barney as one of the top business schools in the country. Our accreditation by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) places Barney among the top five percent of business schools in the world. You’ll learn how to navigate the business world with confidence, and intern with prestigious organizations like Cigna as you prepare for your career after graduation. Learn more about: Barney School of Business Academic Programs College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions ENHP The College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions prepares you to become an ethical, well-rounded professional in careers that help people live healthy and fulfilling lives. Our customized curriculum will prepare you for a wide range of careers and post-baccalaureate programs in the education and health professions. Because clinical experience is included in all our programs, you will be actively involved in your field well before graduation. Discover how your passion for making a difference can become a reality at ENHP. Learn more about: College of Education, Nursing and Health Professions Academic Programs College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture CETA The College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture (CETA) prepares you to solve problems, meet design challenges, and create the future. At CETA, we don’t just talk about being different, we prove it. You’ll have access to our expansive partnership networks, career-ready programming, and small class sizes. With our training-intensive curriculum and close faculty mentoring, you’ll be well-prepared to launch a successful career or transition into our graduate programs. Learn more about: College of Engineering, Technology, and Architecture Academic Programs Hartford Art School HAS Today’s workforce hungers for creative problem solvers—people who can catapult fresh ideas ahead of the competition. Whether your goal is to be a visual artist, become a museum curator, or pursue a broad-based education that will prepare you for a wide range of careers, the Hartford Art School will cultivate your creativity. We offer eight undergraduate studio degree programs and a bachelor’s in art history. Our Low-Residency Master of Fine Arts graduate programs are designed for practicing artists seeking a terminal degree while maintaining their professional careers. The Hartford Art School provides the foundation for you to succeed no matter where your passion leads. Learn more about: Hartford Art School Academic Programs The Hartt School HARTT Welcome to The Hartt School, a performing arts conservatory for music, dance, and theatre. At Hartt, we think the best way to learn and perfect your craft is by doing. That’s why we put on more than 400 performances, recitals, lectures, and master classes each year. Because our faculty are performers, scholars, and creative artists themselves—at theatres and concert halls around the world—they teach from experience, just as you will learn from your experiences at Hartt. Through diverse coursework and close mentoring relationships with faculty, you can make your passion your profession. Learn more about: The Hartt School Academic Programs Hillyer College HILLYER At Hillyer, we see students for who they are: individuals with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and learning styles. We’re the opposite of a one-size-fits-all approach to college. With our own Study Center, dedicated faculty, and accessible advisors, your Hillyer experience will be unique to you. Hillyer’s small class sizes — no class has more than 18 students — ensure that you will receive personalized attention. From your first day on campus, you will be a part of Hillyer College and one of our other schools through our Dual Admission Program. At Hillyer, you'll get the advantage of pursuing your major with extra support. You also have the added advantage of dual admission, which allows you to earn credits toward your major while receiving one-on-one academic support. Learn more about: Hillyer College Academic Programs Explore Our Schools & Colleges Learn more about: Barney School of Business Academic Programs close Learn more about: UHART SPOTLIGHT Gabriella Irwin-Parra '25, M'26 Gabriella Irwin-Parra '25, M'26, a 3+1 student at the Barney School of Business, secured a position as an HR coordinator with Hyatt Regency. Read Gabriella's Story Michael Widjaja ’26 A music education major at The Hartt School, Michael Widjaja ’26 has been passionate about music most of his life, but his experience at UHart is where it fully blossomed. Read Michael's Story Ida Hoxha DPT '26 Ida Hoxha, DPT '26 is a shining example of how embracing opportunities can lead to remarkable success in UHart's  Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) program. Read Ida's Story Milton Mupfumira ‘26 Milton Mupfumira ‘26, a senior majoring in computer science and minoring in architectural design and technology, has always had a deep interest in problem solving across different landscapes. Read Milton's Story Tom Eytan ’25 Digital Media and Journalism major Tom Eytan ’25 says his involvement with UHart’s student-run television station STN-2 and his work with the student-run marketing agency Crested Communications guided his passion for creating digital content. Read Tom's Story News Dec 19, 2025 UHart Singers Bring the Light of Song to Downtown Hartford Being the light we want to see in the world was a recurring theme at this year’s Back to the Times Carol Sing. Dec 10, 2025 UHart’s Hursey Center Receives American Architecture Award Nov 21, 2025 Happy Fourth Birthday, Teddy! Nov 19, 2025 UHart is in America’s Most Popular College Town Nov 05, 2025 Hartt’s New Conductor Aims to Lead Orchestra to New Stages Oct 06, 2025 Park River Beautification Project Aims to Create a New Destination for Students More News UPCOMING EVENTS Jan 12 Presidents' College: Monday Afternoon At the Movies: Coming of Age, Cinematically Speaking with Michael Walsh 3 - 4:30 pm Wilde Auditorium More Details Jan 19 Presidents' College: Monday Afternoon At the Movies: Coming of Age, Cinematically Speaking with Michael Walsh 3 - 4:30 pm Wilde Auditorium More Details Jan 20 International Student Orientation 7:15 am - 2 pm Gengras Student Union 331/333 - Hartford/Avon Rooms More Details View All Events Follow Us Join University of Hartford social networks to get a feel for the UHart community and to stay up to date on what’s happening. Facebook Twitter/X Youtube Instagram LinkedIn Merit TikTok View on Social Media View on Social Media Take the next step toward your future with UHart. Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Boston New York City University of Hartford Primary Footer Navigation Information for: Future Students Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Community News Events Inclusive Excellence Title IX Map & Directions Contact Us Directory Employment Facebook Twitter/X Youtube Instagram LinkedIn Merit TikTok Web Privacy Policy © 2025 University of Hartford 200 Bloomfield Avenue West Hartford, CT 06117 860.768.4100 University of Hartford's Commitment to an Inclusive Environment: The University of Hartford admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Individuals who feel they have been discriminated against on the basis of these classes should contact the University's Title IX Coordinator .