Harvard Law Review Skip to main content Harvard Law Review Primary Menu Publications Print Forum Blog Explore Explore By Author Explore By Topic Explore By Volume & Issue Student Writing Notes Recent Cases & More Developments In The Law Supreme Court Forewords Case Comments Student Case Comments Crosswords Statistics & Visualizations Fellowship About Fellowship Essay Current & Past Fellows Apply About Organization & History Submit Writing Competition State of the Review HLR Factsheet Symposium Search site Search for: Volume 139 Issue 2 December 2025 Federal Courts Articles Federalism and the New National Security U.S. states traditionally play a minor role in establishing national security policies, which generally fall within the federal government’s remit. But the return of great power competition with China and Russia and the accompanying proliferation of threats have spurred states to act on national security concerns. Ashley S. Deeks Kristen E. Eichensehr Constitutional Interpretation Articles The First Criminal Procedure Revolution Today, it seems obvious that criminal defendants can waive constitutional rights. Plea bargains make up the vast majority of criminal convictions, and defendants routinely trade their rights — to indictment, to remain silent, to an attorney, to a jury — in exchange for a faster trial or a lesser charge. The modern criminal legal system is a regime of negotiated justice. Rights used to have more force. Emma Kaufman In Memoriam Tribute In Memoriam: Justice David H. Souter The editors of the Harvard Law Review respectfully dedicate this issue to Justice David H. Souter. Federalism Notes Fast Track to Deportation: Street Dealers and Cooperative Federalism in San Francisco On the evening of October 16, 2024, Javier Estrada stood near the corner of Van Ness and Market Street in San Francisco. He was twenty-one years old. Born in Honduras and without legal status in the… Article III Notes The Compatibility of Substantive Canons and Originalism In recent years, the Supreme Court has developed the “major questions doctrine,” an interpretive presumption that Congress must speak clearly before delegating to an agency any power of “vast economic and political significance.” Justices and scholars… Equity Notes CASA ’s Complete Relief Paradox In Trump v. CASA, Inc., the Supreme Court held that federal courts may not issue “universal injunctions” unless “necessary to provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue.” This holding followed a long-running debate… Article III Recent Case Excluded Lenders v. Serta Simmons Bedding, L.L.C. Bankruptcy courts occupy an odd place in the judicial system. In Stern v. Marshall, the Supreme Court held that the Constitution guarantees parties in bankruptcy proceedings an Article III judge for certain claims. Later, in Wellness… More Issues Volume 139 : 2025-26 Volume 138 : 2024-25 Volume 137 : 2023-24 Volume 136 : 2022-23 Volume 135 : 2021-22 Volume 134 : 2020-21 Volume 133 : 2019-20 Volume 132 : 2018-19 Volume 131 : 2017-18 Volume 130 : 2016-17 Volume 129 : 2015-16 Volume 128 : 2014-15 Volume 127 : 2013-14 Volume 126 : 2012-13 Volume 125 : 2011-12 Volume 124 : 2010-11 Volume 123 : 2009-10 Volume 122 : 2008-09 Volume 121 : 2007-08 Volume 120 : 2006-07 Issue 1 : November Issue 2 : December Issue 3 : January Go About the Harvard Law Review Founded in 1887, the Harvard Law Review is a student-run journal of legal scholarship. The Review is independent from the Harvard Law School and a board of student editors selected through an anonymous annual writing competition make all editorial decisions. The print Review and its online companion, the Forum , are published monthly from November through June. The Review , the Forum , and online Blog welcome submissions throughout the year. Submissions Subscriptions Fellowships Writing Competition The Bluebook® Forum First Amendment Speech Essay “Our Money or Your Life!” Higher Education and the First Amendment Cass R. Sunstein Civil Rights Response Zionism and Title VI Response to Antisemitism, Anti-Zionism, and Title VI: A Guide for the Perplexed Stephen E. Sachs Civil Rights Response The Undone Business of the Warren Court Response to To a Conservative Warren Court Pamela S. Karlan Religion Essay Antisemitism, Anti-Zionism, and Title VI: A Guide for the Perplexed Benjamin Eidelson Deborah Hellman Environmental Law Response Waste, Property, and the Democratic Process Response to Waste, Property, and Useless Things Eduardo M. Peñalver Civil Rights Fellowship Essay Administrative Nullification and the Precarity of Carceral Reform Riley Doyle Evans Stefen R. Short Constitutional Law Response Constructing Constitutional Rights Response to Determining Rights Stephanie Hall Barclay More from the Forum Blog In Memoriam Blog Essay Justice David Souter: A Former Supreme Court Employee Remembers December 10, 2025 Michael F. Duggan Preemption Blog Essay (As-)Applying PLCAA’s Predicate Exception After National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc. v. James November 24, 2025 Charles N. Randall Separation of Powers Blog Essay Making Sense of the Emergency Appropriations Decisions November 11, 2025 Zachary S. Price Supreme Court Blog Essay Perttu v. Richards November 11, 2025 Sophie Li Appointments Blog Essay Kennedy v. Braidwood Management, Inc. November 10, 2025 Aditya Desai Constitutional Law Blog Essay State Enforcement of Section Three Disqualification: What McConnell Gets Right on Trump v. Anderson and Why He’s Still Wrong September 13, 2025 Henry Ishitani More from the Blog Explore Constitutional Law Criminal Law Abortion Fourteenth Amendment Family Law All Topics All Authors More from the Archives Articles Criminal Procedure Articles Unwarranted Warrants? An Empirical Analysis of Judicial Review in Search and Seizure Miguel F.P. de Figueiredo Brett Hashimoto Dane Thorley Civil Rights Articles The Forgotten History of Prison Law: Judicial Oversight of Detention Facilities in the Nation’s Early Years Wynne Muscatine Graham Evidence Articles Excited Delirium, Policing, and the Law of Evidence Osagie K. Obasogie Property Articles Waste, Property, and Useless Things Meredith M. Render More Articles Essays Article III Essay Interim Orders, the Presidency, and Judicial Supremacy Jack Goldsmith Constitutional Interpretation Essay Originalism’s Age of Ironies Sherif Girgis More Essays Book Reviews Abortion Law Book Review How to Get Free in a Time of Retrenchment Kimberly Mutcherson Bankruptcy Book Review Who’s Afraid of Bankruptcy Abbye Atkinson More Book Reviews Tributes In Memoriam Tribute In Memoriam: Professor Charles Fried Stephen Breyer John C.P. Goldberg Richard J. Lazarus Martha Minow Stephen E. Sachs In Memoriam Tribute Professor Gerald E. Frug David J. Barron John C.P. Goldberg Richard T. Ford Michelle Wilde Anderson More Tributes Fellowships The Harvard Law Review Fellowship supports recent Harvard Law School graduates who seek to serve the public interest through their work and scholarship. Fellows spend a year working in a public interest role at a government agency or nonprofit organization and receive a $65,000 stipend. Fellows also to publish a piece of legal scholarship drawing on their work in the Harvard Law Review ’s online Forum . Learn More Current & past fellows fellowship essays Recently Cited The student pieces featured below have been recently cited in judicial opinions and legal scholarship. Habeas Corpus Leading Case Shinn v. Ramirez Fourth Amendment Recent Case United States v. Tuggle 42 U.S.C. § 1983 Recent Case Freedom from Religion Foundation, Inc. v. Mack Federal Courts Recent Case United States v. Varner Federal Courts Leading Case Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski Standing Leading Case TransUnion v. Ramirez Torts Recent Case Haskins v. 3M Co. Consumer Law Recent Regulation Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost  Installment Loans Alternative Dispute Resolution Recent Case Revitch v. DIRECTV, LLC Civil Rights Recent Case Wilson v. Houston Community College System Fourth Amendment Notes Geofence Warrants and the Fourth Amendment Indian Law Leading Case McGirt v. Oklahoma Archives Print Forum Blog Subscribe Fellowship About Fellowship Essays Meet the Fellows Apply About Board of Editors Organization & History Submit Writing Competition Copyright © 1887-2026 Harvard Law Review. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility WordPress vector logo kevinleary.net