Skip to main content
Harvard University
Learn about our lawsuits to protect our students and researchers
 Search
 Menu
David Liu received the 2025 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for developing a revolutionary gene-editing platforms that precisely corrects genetic mutations.
This wearable robotic device is helping stroke survivors and people with other movement impairments regain mobility and independence.
Why do students volunteer to take this notoriously difficult math exam? For the fun of it.
New collection traces life of courage, caution from Northern Ireland to Harvard
Constantly distracted by devices? Experts share strategies on reclaiming focus.
Harvard University
Breakthroughs   of 2025

Harvard scientists published thousands of studies in 2025, advancing knowledge and discovering solutions in a time when research funding is uncertain.

An extraordinary year

This year, the Harvard community has had research breakthroughs in genetics, artificial intelligence, disease treatments, and so much more.

Rewriting genetic destiny

David Liu received the 2025 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for developing a revolutionary gene-editing platform that precisely corrects genetic mutations.

Learn more about David’s research
Learn more about David’s research
Ancient DNA solves Uralic languages’ origins

Harvard researchers put Europe’s Uralic family of languages — which includes Hungarian, Finnish, and Estonian — a lot farther east than many thought.

Learn more about the researchers’ findings
Learn more about the researchers’ findings
Speeding up rare disease diagnosis with AI

PopEVE, an AI model developed by the Debora Marks’ Lab, can identify the genetic variants most likely to cause severe disease and death.

Learn more about how the tool is being used
Learn more about how the tool is being used
A quantum leap

Mikhail Lukin of the Quantum Science and Engineering Initiative, believes the core elements for building quantum computers are falling into place.

Learn more about the error detection and prevention system
Learn more about the error detection and prevention system
Three ways to treat drug-resistant tuberculosis

Carole Mitnick, the co-principal investigator, said the new approaches, which include recently discovered drugs, give new options for shorter, personalized treatment and are cleared for use for more people than ever.

Learn more about the medications
Learn more about the medications
Tracking climate change through nature’s “breaths”

Atmospheric chemist Steven Wofsy’s new research tower monitors Harvard Forest’s carbon intake and outtake, continuing data collection that he started in 1989.

Learn more about Steven’s ongoing research
Learn more about Steven’s ongoing research
Moving medicine forward

Harvard has been making breakthroughs in health and medicine since founding Harvard Medical School in 1782.

ONCOLOGY
New hope for a hard-to-treat lung cancer

Sevabertinib, created by the Broad-Bayer oncology research alliance, is a new oral treatment option for a type of non-small-cell lung cancer, the most common type of lung cancer.

New hope for a hard-to-treat lung cancer
IMMUNOLOGY
Researchers identify special class of cells that safeguard immunity and memory
Researchers identify special class of cells that safeguard immunity and memory
PHARMACOLOGY
GLP-1 medications may significantly reduce the risk of hospitalization due to heart failure
GLP-1 medications may significantly reduce the risk of hospitalization due to heart failure
PSYCHIATRY
A non-drug smart patch demonstrated a reduction in cravings for alcohol and drugs
A non-drug smart patch demonstrated a reduction in cravings for alcohol and drugs
DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY
Researchers uncover key cell signal that triggers tissue response to amino acid insufficiency
Researchers uncover key cell signal that triggers tissue response to amino acid insufficiency
CARDIOLOGY
Harvard scientists offer clues into how to treat deadly aortic aneurysms and hypertension
Harvard scientists offer clues into how to treat deadly aortic aneurysms and hypertension
Getting the science right

Advances in science and technology are improving not just our lives, but the world around us.

The power of research at Harvard
Click to Play Video
How research becomes breakthroughs

At Harvard, students, faculty, and fellows come together to turn ideas into life-changing innovations.

This fabric could make you faster
Click to Play Video
The need for speed

Harvard’s School of Engineering researchers have developed a material that can dimple like a golf ball and change its aerodynamic properties on demand.

Learn more about this metamaterial

Researching ways to design better with Simtables

High-tech topography tables that utilize GIS data and computational modeling help architects understand and design for complex climate challenges.

Air conditioner use to surge as world gets hotter. Harvard startup has a solution.

Harvard scientists have developed an energy-saving membrane, similar to a coffee filter, capable of separating water vapor directly from the air.

Physicists go to extremes to capture quantum materials

Rowland Institute researchers have pioneered a new way to achieve the coolest possible temperatures to image materials at a sub-atomic scale.

Life-changing innovations

At Harvard, we take breakthroughs from the lab and translate them into real-world solutions that improve the lives of people around the world.

Moving high‑impact tech to market

Three research projects that address urgent societal challenges—cardiovascular health, rising data demands, and the future of quantum computation—have won Grid Accelerator awards.

Read more about the projects

Wearable robotic device for stroke survivors improves mobility

This soft, wearable robotic device developed at the Harvard Move Lab is helping stroke survivors and people with other movement impairments regain mobility and independence.

Learn more about the device

Pushing scholarship ahead

Throughout the humanities, breakthroughs and discoveries change the way we see the world and inform the way we improve it.

Learn more about how Harvard is innovating scholarship

Understanding the Earth

Through research and archeology, Harvard scientists got one step closer to understanding the origins of life and the early history of Earth’s largest animal group.

Exploring the stars

Research papers from Harvard astronomers explored new evidence of the closest known supermassive black hole and a cosmic explosion that could be a rare flare from a magnetar—one of the most mysterious objects in the universe.

Crunching the numbers

Harvard’s Lauren Williams won a MacArthur ‘genius grant’ for her theoretical breakthroughs understanding phenomena such as tsunamis and traffic.

Protecting the planet

Harvard researchers are learning how to capture emissions from fuels and create fuels from renewable sources, like city waste.

The next generation

Harvard’s strong history of mentorship is guiding this year’s students to uncovering next year’s breakthroughs.

Olúmídé Fagboyegun

As part of a mentee-mentor pair, Olúmídé was awarded a fellowship to support his research into the substances that surround and interact with cells in the cortex of the brain.

Learn more about his academic journey
Learn more about his academic journey
Elizabeth Thom

Elizabeth’s research identifies trends in political participation at the local level in Central Appalachia, linking political engagement to the impact of government social programs.

Explore her findings
Explore her findings
Jett Crowdis

Jett, a Medical School graduate, found his calling to study molecular biology in a connection forged while serving as camp counselor.

Read more about his path from camp counselor to cancer researcher
Read more about his path from camp counselor to cancer researcher

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

Related In Focus topics
Research Powers Progress
Innovations from Harvard
Progress at Risk
Security & Brand
Report Copyright Infringement
Report Security Issue
Trademark Notice
Website
Accessibility
Digital Accessibility
Privacy statement
Get In Touch
Contact Harvard
Maps & Directions
Jobs

Copyright © 2025 The President and Fellows of Harvard College

Instagram
TikTok
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube