Harvard Magazine Skip to main content Your independent source for Harvard news since 1898 Menu Toggle Search Log in Donate Donate Log in Donate Main navigation Harvard in the Crosshairs Games (play!) The Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Classifieds Vacation Rentals & Travel Real Estate Personals Products & Services Harvard Authors’ Bookshelf Education & Enrichment Resource Class Notes & Obituaries Browse Class Notes Browse Obituaries Podcast Series Commencement Five Questions Harvard in the Headlines New England Guide Topics Arts & Culture Athletics Commentary Faculty Health & Medicine Humanities International Affairs Science Social Sciences Students Technology University News Videos Donate Advertise How to Advertise Classifieds Ad Prices & Information Follow Harvard Magazine: Your independent source for Harvard news since 1898 Science Getting to Mars (for Real) Humans have been dreaming of living on the Red Planet for decades. Harvard researchers are on the case. Latest news Eating for the Holidays, the Planet, and Your Heart “Sustainable eating,” and healthy recipes you can prepare for the holidays. Food Trump Administration Appeals Order Restoring $2.7 Billion in Funding to Harvard The appeal, which had been expected, came two days before the deadline to file. University News At Harvard, AI Meets “Post-Neoliberalism” Experts debate whether markets alone should govern tech in the U.S. Harvard Kennedy School of Government Sam Liss to Head Harvard’s Office for Technology Development Technology licensing and corporate partnerships are an important source of revenue for the University. University News Read More Articles Featured The 1884 Cannibalism-at-Sea Case That Still Has Harvard Talking The Queen v. Dudley and Stephens changed the course of legal history. Here’s why it’s been fodder for countless classroom debates. Harvard Magazine Questionnaire: Law in a Lifeboat Moral philosophers, legal experts, and generations of Harvard students have debated this Victorian-era cannibalism case. Now it’s your turn. Explore More From Current Issue Research Why Humans Walk on Two Legs Research highlights our evolutionary ancestors’ unique pelvis. Commentary For Campus Speech, Civility is a Cultural Practice A former Harvard College dean reviews Princeton President Christopher Eisgruber’s book Terms of Respect. Football A Near-Perfect Football Season Ends in Disappointment A loss to Villanova derails Harvard in the playoffs. Undergraduate Column The Trouble with Sidechat No one feels responsible for what happens on Harvard’s anonymous social media app. The Magazine Read Past Issues current issue January February 2026 November December 2025 September October 2025 July August 2025 May June 2025 March April 2025 Read Past Issues Harvard Magazine in Audio Powered by trinityaudio.ai Social Media connect with Harvard Magazine Instagram: Follow us: Harvard in the headlines Harvard Magazine sorts through news and commentary in other media and shares diverse views with you. Learn more. 3 Theories of What’s Going On With the Contradictory Economic Data The New York Times |  12.23.2025 America’s Betting Craze Has Spread to Its News Networks The New Yorker |  12.12.2025 Read more on this topic in Harvard Magazine's article: Governing Games of Chance New York Signs AI Safety Bill Into Law, Ignoring Trump Executive Order The New York Times |  12.19.2025 Read more on this topic in Harvard Magazine's article: At Harvard, AI Meets “Post-Neoliberalism” The Role of Doctors Is Changing Forever The New Yorker |  12.19.2025 Read more on this topic in Harvard Magazine's article: AI is Making Medical Decisions—But For Whom? How Trump’s Bid to Crush State AI Laws Splits His Own Party Time |  12.17.2025 Read more on this topic in Harvard Magazine's article: At Harvard, AI Meets “Post-Neoliberalism” GLP-1 Drug Fails to Quell Alzheimer’s in Novo Nordisk Trials The New York Times |  11.24.2025 Read more on this topic in Harvard Magazine's article: Can New Drugs Help Millions of Americans with Obesity? Read More Articles From our archives Faculty Teen "Grind" Culture and Mental Health Teens need better strategies to cope with lives lived partly online. Social Sciences America’s Housing Problem—Explained How zoning reforms could address a crisis that squeezes the poor and the middle class Health & Medicine How Does the Brain Interpret Language in Real-Time? New research on h ow the brain uses sounds to form words and create meaning. Humanities Stevengraphs: Woven Silk Portraits from Coventry to Harvard Five strange trading “cards” Faculty Harvard Pioneering Mammalogist Barbara Lawrence Brief life of an intrepid mammalogist: 1909-1997 Museums & Collections The New Boston Athenaeum Find “the joy of discovery and power of this unique place.” Faculty Can an Orange a Day Stave off Depression? A research study digs into the gut microbiome. Arts & Culture From Harvard-Trained Architect to Miniature Diorama Builder Fred Gevalt’s astonishing and intricate diorama Previous Next Contact Contact Staff Submit a Class Note Submit an Obituary Submit a Letter to the Editor Apply for a Fellowship Customer Service Customer Service Address Change Reprint | Permissions Donor Services Print Magazine Questions About About Map and Directions Privacy Policy Footer support harvard magazine Support Harvard Magazine Behind the Scenes How We Are Funded Special Gifts Ways to Support the Magazine Why We Need Your Support Newsletters Newsletters Advertise Advertise Advertise Classifieds Ad Sizes | Specifications Deadlines Videos Videos Harvard Magazine App Harvard Magazine App FAQ FAQ Current issue Social All Content © 1996-2025
				Harvard Magazine Inc. All right reserved Secondary Footer Nav Privacy Policy Harvard University Digital Accessibility Policy Report Copyright Infringement