Devices to Help You Sleep Better | Hatch Invest in rest with your HSA/FSA - Learn More Hatch Adults Babies & Kids Shop All Open Shopping Cart Hatch Open Shopping Cart Toggle menu Open menu Make sleep your res(t)olution Make sleep your res(t)olution This year, put your sleep first and reset your routine. This year, put your sleep first and reset your routine. Shop Restore Explore Restore Restore 3 The phone-free smart sleep clock for adults. $ 169.99 Hatch Baby Your go-to for baby sleep support from night one. $ 99.99 Hatch Go The essential travel sound machine for your child. $ 39.99 Invest in rest this year Invest in rest this year Save up to 30% on Hatch when you use your HSA/FSA funds. Save up to 30% on Hatch when you use your HSA/FSA funds. Learn more Unwind with The Nightly Unwind with The Nightly Put the day’s chaos to bed and unwind with your favorite bedtime podcast. Put the day’s chaos to bed and unwind with your favorite bedtime podcast. The Nightly Podcast Make mornings more mindful Make mornings more mindful Wake up feeling balanced with an intentional meditation. Wake up feeling balanced with an intentional meditation. Meditation Morning Shuffle Make space for rest We make restful tech that puts humans first - it doesn't track you, sell your data, or hijack your time. Our only goal is to help you rest more, and sleep easier. Say hello to better bedtime routines For Adults | For Kids Say hello to better bedtime routines Adults Baby Let's have a sleepover Sign up to get sleep tips, exclusive offers, and more. Interested in receiving special offers on Hatch products? Submit → Submit Visit our Facebook profile Visit our Instagram profile Visit our profile on X (formerly Twitter) Visit our YouTube channel Visit our TikTok profile Get the Hatch Sleep App Shop Restore 3 Baby Hatch Go HSA/FSA Gift Hatch Refurbished Shop All Accessories Wholesale Content The Nightly Resources Our Story Blog Loading... Company Careers Freelance Internships Support Get Help Chat With Us Returns Affiliate Contact Support Rest Adapter Recall Quebec Notice: Right to Repair © 2025 Hatch Baby, Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices