Can we use cookies in your browser?
Close banner
Close banner

HathiTrust uses cookies to ensure you have the best experience on our website. You control which cookies you want to allow.

Our Privacy Policy includes more details on the cookies we use and how we protect your privacy. By proceeding, you agree to follow our Acceptable Use Policy.

Allow all cookies
Allow necessary cookies only
Customize cookies
Skip to main content
About
The Collection
Member Libraries
Join
News & Events
SEARCH
GET HELP
LOG IN
Collection
Website
Full Text & All Fields
All Fields
Title
Author
Subject
ISBN, ISSN, OCLC, etc.
Publisher
Series Title
SEARCH
You're searching in Full Text & All Fields for items you can access.
Search Help
Advanced Search
Home page
FROM AROUND THE LIBRARY
The Soda Fountain
A monthly publication for the soda fountain trade. "Candy stands, as nothing else does, for generous impulses, for kindly thoughts, for the best that's in us. Grouchers don't frequent candy stores."
The Cooky Book
by Betty Crocker
A Christmas Carol
By Charles Dickens, 1812-1870
Godey's Magazine, 1847
Published by The Godey Company
Submit Your Favorite Title
NEWS & EVENTS
Coming in January: Public Domain Day 2026
December 16, 2025
2025 HathiTrust User Support Holiday Hours
November 18, 2025
HathiTrust Resource Sharing Pilot Now Underway
September 25, 2025
FROM THE BLOG
Collections
Jane Austen: 250th Birthday Celebration Collection
HathiTrust has dozens of digitized Jane Austen titles contributed to the collection for preservation by the academic and research library members of HathiTrust.
December 17, 2025
Shared Print
New Pilot Initiative to Enhance Shared Print Collaboration Across Libraries
HathiTrust, the Western Regional Storage Trust (WEST), and the California Digital Library (CDL) are excited to partner on a pilot to enable greater cross-program collaboration in shared print.
December 4, 2025
Projects
By Libraries, For Libraries: HathiTrust Resource Sharing
Six weeks ago, 30 individuals from 9 HathiTrust member libraries registered for the HathiTrust Resource Sharing pilot project, the first group to use the forthcoming service, which lawfully expands access to in-copyright materials through ILL.
November 18, 2025
ABOUT HATHITRUST
Preserving knowledge. Empowering possibilities.

18 million and counting. At HathiTrust, we are stewards of the largest digitized collection of knowledge allowable by copyright law. Why? To empower scholarly research, create transparency, and inspire curiosity.

FEATURED COLLECTIONS
University of Michigan Museums and Herbarium
1,342 items
Materials in this collection were digitized under a CLIR Digitizing Hidden Collections grant allowing digital access to rare and special books in the museum's library.
African American Cookbooks
55 items
Includes the oldest known cookbook by an African American woman, published in 1866.
Typographic Periodicals
1,367 items
Journals, magazines, and annuals with substantial content on typefaces and typesetting, as well as advertisements from type foundries and composing machines.
U.S. Congressional Serial Set
30,197 items
This regularly updated collection is one of the largest digitized resources of U.S. Congressional documents.
TRAINING
Find Helpful How-Tos in the Help Center
©2025 HATHITRUST
Privacy Policy
|
Takedown Policy
|
Cookie Settings
Careers
Accessibility
Contact