2026-01-01 03:53:57
2 764 online, week 4
Live hipnos FC - F.C. TREKANTEN
Get a team
About Hattrick
Hattrick World
Forum
Choose language  
Albanian
العربية
Azərbaycanca
Bahasa Indonesia
Bosanski
Български
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English (UK)
English (US)
Español, España
Español, Latinoamericano
Español, Rioplatense
Euskara
Français
Frysk
Galego
ქართული
עברית
Hrvatski
Íslenska
Italiano
Latviešu
Lëtzebuergesch
Lietuvių
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk, bokmål
Norsk, nynorsk
فارسی
Polski
Português
Português, Brasil
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Vlaams
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
Македонски
Русский
Српски
Українська
中文（简体）
한국어
日本語
Hattrick Football Manager Game | Join the free football world

SIGN UP FOR A TEAM TODAY. IT’S FREE!

I agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.
SIGN UP
OR

Do you already have an account? Log In

Yoran
 Särkyä

One of the best parts of Hattrick, for me, is the fact that you can somehow massively relate to a bunch of fictional players with fictional names and treat them like they're real world players.

Manage - at your own pace

Hattrick is a football strategy game where you build and manage your team for the long term. Log in every day or just once a week - if you make the right calls you'll have the same chance to be a champion!

 
Build and train your team

Develop your team through training. Manage your finances. Find new players on the transfer market or start your own youth team to foster your own talents for the next golden generation.

 
Outsmart your opponents

You compete against human managers in national leagues and cups. Start in the lower divisions - then climb your way to the top! You can also create your private tournaments to play with friends.



 
Community and apps

The community really stands out in Hattrick! Join our forums and make new friends from all over the world. We have great apps for iOS and Android, as well as a range of third-party software to download.

28 Years
53 Languages
156 Countries
14 505 476 Total users
368 737 867 Forum posts
862 775 670 Matches played
The Classic Online Football Manager Game

Hattrick is an online football manager game where you take the role of a manager on a mission to take your club to the top of the league system! You are in charge of all aspects of club management: Buying and selling players on the transfer market, deciding what skills to train on the practice field, preparing a tactical plan for each match your team will play in your national league and cup, such as South Korea and Korea Cup.

When your match kicks off, your match will be simulated by our system and you can follow the action in our live commentary viewer, and meanwhile chat with your opposing manager! If you prefer, you can watch and analyse the match afterwards instead.

Hattrick is above all a strategy game where you have to plan for the long term. Should you invest in better youth facilities or spend the money to buy an ageing star player that can increase your team performance in the short term? Should you promote talented defenders or attackers in your youth team?

Choose well, your teenage talents may well be the stars of the teams many seasons from now, maybe even the next Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo or Kylian Mbappé of the Hattrick universe!

A big part of the excitement is that it is a multiplayer experience - the teams you face are managed by other humans, who will try to outsmart you. There is a rich community that you can dive into to learn all about the best ways to train, set up your team tactics and improve your club financially.

Your star players can even be picked for international duty, playing for the Hanguk national team! Every season, Hattrick organises a World Cup, either for senior teams or the U21 squads. The current champions of the Hattrick World Cup are Belgium, lets hear it for them!

If you become a great manager yourself, you can stand in the elections to run the national team and be elected into the office by your fellow online managers. At the moment, there are 156 national leagues in Hattrick, and you can be a candidate for any of them, even if your own team is in another league.

In Hattrick, there is always something to do, whether it is to hang out in the forums to talk about Hattrick or general football news, or to try to find bargains on the transfer market during silly season.

But it is important to know that Hattrick is also a game that you can always play at your own pace. If you spend 30 minutes a week to set your match orders and update the training plans of your team, you will be able to compete and perform well in the main competitions - as long as you make smart decisions.

Unlike many other games, you don’t need to log in every day to collect bonuses or gain in-game currency. There is no way to buy in-game advantages in Hattrick. You can instead become a Hattrick Supporter, which gives you a lot of features designed to make the game more fun and interesting, but which includes no actual in-game advantages.

Hattrick is the original online football manager game, and we have been online since 1997. The founders are still active and are still committed to offering Hattrick as a free football game.

We feel that Hattrick brings together the best from the traditional computer-based soccer manager game, such as the Football Manager series, but in a more exciting way as you always play against real people.

It also includes aspects of fantasy football games and from console football games such as FIFA Ultimate Team, where you collect and build football squads either to play against other users or to collect trophies and achievements.

We bid you all very welcome to Hattrick - the best free football strategy game out there! It is totally free to sign up, no downloads are required and you also have access to amazing free apps for iOS or Android through which you can manage all aspects of the game, making Hattrick also a mobile football game.

But beware, Hattrick can be addictive - many of our users have played for 10 years or more and are still going strong.

 
Server 070  
About Hattrick Fantasy football games Hattrick Supporter Languages Contact Us Privacy Hattrick Wiki
      