Haufe Group: A leading B2B provider of integrated business and workplace solutions Company Transformation Responsibility Careers News Stories DE EN DE EN Haufe Group says hello! We make people at work more successful. With content, software and training. Progress needs responsibility. Only those who change remain true to themselves. Haufe Group is actively shaping the transformation. We support all those who continue to develop, think with an entrepreneurial spirit and, with their ideas, spin the world even further. Innovation needs diversity. The world is complex, multifaceted and colorful, and the needs of our customers are just as diverse. This is why we have a broad base – with our business divisions and the diversity and individual talents of our employees. Creativity requires freedom. Having the freedom to do what drives and fulfills you enables you to develop your full potential. We give our employees space, responsibility, ideal working conditions and opportunities for development. In this way we not only grow, but also grow beyond ourselves. Company "Good leadership provides orientation and achieves a sense of belonging. It supports entrepreneurial thinking by opening up opportunities and allowing freedom." Birte Hackenjos CEO Haufe Group Birte Hackenjos CEO Haufe Group Birte Hackenjos is Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and, together with Harald Wagner, Managing Director and member of the Board of Directors of Haufe Group. She has held various management positions within the Group since 1997 and successfully helped shape the Haufe Group transformation. Before becoming CEO in 2020, the fully qualified lawyer was Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the company from 2013 to 2020. Birte Hackenjos CEO Haufe Group Harald Wagner CFO Haufe Group Harald Wagner is Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and, together with Birte Hackenjos, Managing Director and member of the Board of Directors of Haufe Group since 2020. He has held various management positions within the Group since 2008. Prior to this, the trained business economist was Managing Director of the Österreichischer Bundesverlag publishing group. Harald Wagner CFO Haufe Group Working at Haufe Group. Actively shape the working world of tomorrow. We give you space and an environment in which you can optimally contribute and develop. Careers In our heads we’re already in tomorrow. We help shape the future. The world of work is not on the brink of a revolution, but right in the middle of it. How people work together in the future is changing. With our products and services, we’re helping to shape tomorrow’s working world. Transformation Our future is sustainable. For us, sustainability and economic viability are not contradictory. The sustainability ambitions of Haufe Group create sustainable added value. For us. For our customers. And for society. Responsibility News at a glance. You’d like to know who we are, how we think and what we do? Here’s where to find press releases, inspiring stories and background information, photos and logos as well as our social media presence and all important contacts. News Inhalte Homepage Company Transformation Responsibility Careers News Kontakt Haufe Group SE Munzinger Straße 9, 79111 Freiburg info@haufegroup.com +49 800 50 50 445 Communicate with us in encrypted form Jobwelt Become part of Haufe Group and make working on the future your profession. Click here for our current vacancies. Current jobs Ventures This is where ideas for the future thrive. We develop innovative products and support sustainable business ideas. Learn more LinkedIn icon Instagram icon Facebook icon Xing Icon © 2024 Haufe Group SE Legal notice Compliance Supply chain Data protection General terms and conditions of purchase Incoming invoice Cookie-Settings Attitude Management Careers