Hawaii News Now - Breaking News, Latest News, Weather & Traffic Skip to content HI Now Daily Contests Join Our Team Advertise with Us Live News First Alert Weather Sunrise Sports Entertainment HI Now Daily Kitchen Scraps Podcasts About Us Home Watch Live News Local Headlines National News HNN Investigates Priced Out of Paradise This Is Now Submit Your Photos! Latest Newscasts First Alert Weather Weather Updates Surf Report Weather Cams Weather 101 HNN Hurricane Center Hurricane Special Tsunami Center Traffic Sunrise As Seen On Sunrise Healthier Hawaii What's Trending Howard's Business Report Smart Money Monday Hawaiian Word Of The Day Food Special Reports Spotlight Now Podcasts Hawaii News Now Island Beat 'Muthaship' with Stephanie Lum 'The Other Side of Paradise' with Lynn Kawano HNN Overtime HNN Off-Air 'Tell Me A Story' with Jim Mendoza Sports Latest Sports Game Day Game Changers HNN Overtime ScoringLive Warrior Nation HI Now Daily Kitchen Scraps Entertainment Hawaii to the World A Leader's Journey Eating Our Roots Cheap Eats Kitchen Scraps Pacific Pulse HI Now Japan Contests HI Now Japan Activities Community Events Kālele Calendar Honolulu Pride Parade Pride in Hawaii My Life. Just Listen About Us Anchors & Reporters News Department Sales Department Join Our Team EEO Public File Reports TV Guide TV Listings KHNL Antenna TV Terry's Take Holiday Programming Telemundo Hawaii NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams PowerNation Circle County Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy High Surf Advisory is in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar ‘We’ll be in all areas’: Law enforcement, paramedics prepare for New Year’s Eve Hawaii Department of Law Enforcement director Mike Lambert shared with Spotlight Now plans to blanket the island of Oahu through manpower and technology. Local News Hundreds expected to start 2026 with annual hike, sunrise ceremony National News Hulu app to shut down in 2026, content to be fully integrated with Disney+ Local News Pedestrian, 73, hit by vehicle in Makiki Sponsored Dogtown Bakery and Paws & Play: Treats, play, and a community built on care Dogtown Bakery and Paws & Play blend quality treats, personalized care, and community connection in a growing, dog-first experience. TOP HEADLINES Local News Honolulu, Sakai celebrate sister‑city bond with fireworks display Updated : 1 hour ago | By HNN Staff In November, 2021, Honolulu established a sister-city relationship with Sakai, Japan. Local News Investigation underway for fire that damaged two homes in Kaneohe Updated : 9 hours ago | By HNN Staff HFD crews were called there just after 2 a.m., and the fire was brought under control in about half an hour. First Alert Weather First Alert Forecast: Winds strengthen today, more showers due on Friday Updated : 11 hours ago | By Guy Hagi First Alert Forecast: Winds strengthen today, more showers due on Friday Local News Prosecutors: Victim families in Aliamanu explosion refuse to cooperate Updated : 16 hours ago | By A'ali'i Dukelow The tragedy on Keaka Drive killed six people, including a toddler, and injured 20 others. Local News State competition lowers condo insurance prices Updated : 21 hours ago | By Daryl Huff Hawaii condo owners are seeing dramatic reductions in insurance premiums as state-run insurance products create new competition in the market. Sponsored Local Boy Sushi: High-quality ingredients, affordable prices, and aloha for everyone Local Boy Sushi, a family-run spot in Kailua and Kāneʻohe, serves quality, affordable sushi with aloha, keeping the community coming back. FEATURES NEWS FEATURES LATEST VIDEO Top Local Stories Investigation underway for fire that damaged two homes in Kaneohe Top Local Stories Prosecutors: Victim families in Aliamanu explosion refuse to cooperate Top Local Stories Leaders warn of illegal fireworks dangers, penalties as New Year’s Eve approaches Top Local Stories Transitional housing for homeless Native Hawaiians opens in West Oahu MORE NEWS Local News Skyline hours to be extended on New Year’s Eve Updated : 17 hours ago | By HNN Staff Honolulu’s rail system will run on Wednesday, Dec. 31, until 1:30 a.m. the following morning, said officials. Local News Man arrested after allegedly pulling out gun during argument Updated : 18 hours ago | By HNN Staff The suspect allegedly pointed a silver handgun at a 43-year-old man and drove away on a moped. Local News Leaders warn of illegal fireworks dangers, penalties as New Year’s Eve approaches Updated : 24 hours ago | By ʻAʻaliʻi Dukelow and HNN Staff As New Year’s Eve approaches, local officials are urging the public to celebrate safely. Local News Crews extinguish two-alarm fire at Mililani home Updated : 21 hours ago | By HNN Staff Firefighters were called to a home on Kahoea Street just before 9 a.m. Local News Man dies after falling ill while snorkeling with family Updated : 21 hours ago | By HNN Staff According to police, the 55-year-old was on a snorkeling tour with family when he began to feel ill and appeared pale in the water. Local News How to keep your pets safe and secure on New Year’s Eve Updated : 22 hours ago | By Raquel Calo Fireworks can be terrifying for pets, and the Hawaiian Humane Society says planning ahead can make all the difference this New Year’s Eve. Hokulea: Pacific Voyage Polynesian voyaging crews reflect on journey to Aotearoa Updated : 22 hours ago | By Mahealani Richardson As Polynesian voyaging canoes Hōkūleʻa and Hikianalia remain docked in Auckland, crew members are reflecting on their voyage to Aotearoa. Local News Video captures gunfire at Waianae Boat Harbor Updated : 22 hours ago | By HNN Staff New video shows the moment a man fired a gun into the air at Waianae Boat Harbor Sunday afternoon. Local News Gov. Green announces acting chair of Land and Natural Resources Department Updated : 22 hours ago | By HNN Staff Deputy Director Ryan Kanaka’ole will serve as acting chair of DLNR, while Dawn Chang is out on medical leave. HNN Investigates Law enforcement cracking down on illegal fireworks pipeline ahead of New Year’s Eve Updated : 23 hours ago | By Lynn Kawano More than 90% of Hawaii’s goods are imported, making it nearly impossible to search even a fraction of the loads that arrive in shipping containers. Local News Arson suspected in fire that destroyed Wailuku home Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 8:34 AM HST | By Chelsea Davis and HNN Staff Firefighters found an 800-square-foot residence and an RV on fire. Local News Mercedes to pay nearly $150 million settlement over emissions fraud Updated : 22 hours ago | By Alexa Friedman Mercedes agreed to pay $150 million settlement after several states accused the automaker of using devices to fool emissions tests. MORE NEWS Stories of Hawaiʻi Kadomatsu: How this Japanese tradition brings good luck to the new year Updated : 22 hours ago | By Jonathan Masaki The arrangement of bamboo, pine, and rope is supposed to be placed a doorway in late December through Jan. 7 to welcome the new year. Local News Transitional housing for homeless Native Hawaiians opens in West Oahu Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 1:51 PM HST | By HNN Staff and Dillon  Ancheta Hale O Kumumamo, a former Navy facility in Kalaeloa, can provide temporary housing for up to 18 people. Local News Suspect arrested after allegedly firing gun in Waianae Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 7:51 PM HST | By HNN Staff The victim told police that the suspect displayed a handgun, fired one round, and pointed the firearm toward him before fleeing. National News Hyundai recalls more than 50,000 vehicles for fire risk Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:27 AM HST | By Amanda Alvarado Hyundai has recalled more than 50,000 vehicles due to a fire risk. Latest Weather Updates First Alert Forecast: Cloudy skies with light winds expected to persist through Tuesday Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 3:22 AM HST | By Guy Hagi First Alert Forecast: Cloudy skies with light winds expected to persist through Tuesday Local News Hawaii Island police investigate possible drowning involving visitor from Japan Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:33 AM HST | By HNN Staff The incident occurred on Sunday afternoon. The victim, a 26-year old man, has been positively identified as Kan Ogoshi of Setagaya, Japan. Local News Union seeks raises for teachers not credited for out-of-state experience during salary repricing Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 5:56 PM HST | By HNN Staff When the Hawaii State Department of Education granted pay raises in 2022, thousands were left out because they did not teach long enough in the islands. Local News Man dies after being hit by vehicle while lying on road Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 2:00 PM HST | By HNN Staff The crash occurred on N. Nimitz Highway near Daniel K. Inouye International Airport. Local News Injured hiker airlifted from Lanikai Pillbox trail Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 6:04 PM HST | By HNN Staff A woman suffered an injury to her lower leg and could not complete the trail on her own. National News Trump says Ukraine and Russia are ‘closer than ever’ to peace after talks with Zelenskyy Updated : Dec. 28, 2025 at 5:58 PM HST | By The Associated Press President Donald Trump says Ukraine and Russia are “closer than ever before” to a peace deal, but he acknowledges that negotiations could still break down and leave the war dragging on for years. News First Alert Weather Watch Live About HNN KHNL/KGMB 420 Waiakamilo Road Suite 205 Honolulu, HI 96817 (808) 847-3246 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description KHNL Public Inspection File KHNLPUBLICFILE@HAWAIINEWSNOW.COM (808) 847-3246 KHNL EEO Statement KGMB Public Inspection File KGMBPUBLICFILE@HAWAIINEWSNOW.COM (808) 847-3246 KGMB EEO Statement KFVE FCC Public Inspection File KFVEPUBLICFILE@HAWAIINEWSNOW.COM (808) 847-3246 KFVE EEO Statement KSIX EEO Statement KSIX Public Inspection File KSIXPUBLICFILE@HAWAIINEWSNOW.COM (808) 847-3246 KOGG Public Inspection File KOGGPUBLICFILE@HAWAIINEWSNOW.COM (808) 847-3246 KOGG EEO Statement FCC Applications Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025