HawkSearch AI eCommerce & Product Discovery HawkSearch Customer Summit 25 October 8-10th • Charleston, SC Register now HawkSearch Ranked #1 by Gartner® in B2B Search Use Case. Learn How To Drive B2B Sales. Learn more Insight25 April 24, 2025 • Virtual Summit AI-Powered eCommerce: Transforming B2B Sales & Customer Experience Register now HawkSearch Recognized by Gartner® for Search and Product Discovery Read the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report Learn more Login Take a tour Login Take a tour Book a demo Product Smart Search Let tailored AI help customers find the right results every time Smart Response Enhance search results with tailored responses Recommendations A new layer of opportunity to fill carts Merchandising Meet your new best sales representative Search Features Keyword Search Measurement Conversion Instant Engage Dynamic Targeting Multi-Site Management Merchandisers features Relevancy Tuning SEO Traffic Builder Personalization Usage Reporting developer tools Flexible API and SDKs Integrations Rapid UI Framework Developer Portal Merchandising Meet your new best sales representative Hawk AI Hub Powering AI-Driven Search & Personalization AI Features Smart Search Smart Response Smart Agents Search Assistant Search Hub Advanced Search Solutions for Smarter Results Search Features Keyword Search Measurement Conversion Instant Engage Dynamic Targeting Multi-Site Management Merchandising Hub AI-Powered Merchandising for Smarter Sales Merchandisers Features Merchandising Rules Recommendations Relevancy Tuning SEO Traffic Builder Personalization Usage Reporting Developer Hub Seamless Integrations & APIs for Developers Developer Tools Flexible API and SDKs Rapid UI Framework Integrations Developer Portal Industries Associations Automotive B2B eCommerce B2C eCommerce Electrical Industry Entertainment Fasteners Government Healthcare Higher Education Industrial Supply Publishers Integrations Adobe Adobe Commerce BigCommerce Custom Platform Hybris idev Kentico Moblico Optimizely B2B Optimizely B2C OroCommerce ROC Commerce Salesforce Shopify Shopware Sitecore Sitefinity Unbound Unilog More Integrations Partners Pricing Resources News Webinars Events Podcast Videos White Papers Case Studies AI Glossary Services FAQ Blog Support User Guide Developer Portal Recent EVENT HawkSearch Customer Summit Preview: Why Attend + Your NEW AI Assistant Reveal August 28, 2025 No items found. Login Login Take a tour Book a demo Meet HawkSearch The Smarter Way to Search Reimagine what AI can do for Search & Product Discovery Discover more Let's chat Meet HawkSearch The Smarter Way to Search Reimagine what AI can do for Search & Product Discovery Discover more Let's chat HawkSearch Customer Summit 25 Three Days to Transform Your Search Strategy Join us for hands-on training, expert panels, and real-world strategies to level up your search and eCommerce performance. October 8 - 10th Charleston, South Carolina Discover more Register No items found. Webinar - August 21th, 2024 Exclusive Webinar Mastering AI: An Expert Discussion with Chris Penn Register Read our Case Studies View All HawkSearch Recognized as the #1 B2B Search 2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities Report Download Report Insight25 AI-Powered eCommerce: Transforming B2B Sales & Customer Experience Join us for eCommerce strategies, enhancing customer experiences, and optimizing eCommerce performance. Connect with industry experts, explore cutting-edge AI solutions, and gain actionable insights. Register now Merchandise your way with HawkSearch MCP Merchandise Every Search Like a Pro. Use HawkSearch’s MCP to control results, boost key products, and target campaigns with precision. From merchandising teams to developers, MCP empowers you to shape every search experience for revenue, relevance, and ROI. HawkSearch Recognized by Gartner® in the First Magic Quadrant™ for Search and Product Discovery The report identified 18 vendors and evaluated them based on their ability to execute and completeness of vision. Download report Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Commerce Search and Product Discovery, Mike Lowndes, Aditya Vasudevan, Sandy Shen, Noam Dorros, 13 May 2024. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Bridgeline. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Awards & Recognition At HawkSearch, our team is committed to customer-driven innovation that drives eCommerce growth, and we believe this approach has earned us industry recognition. Book a demo Associations & Memberships Strong partnerships matter. That’s why HawkSearch is an active member of leading eCommerce and digital commerce associations. These relationships help us stay on top of what’s next, share insights with the community, and keep our innovation focused on the real challenges retailers, manufacturers, and distributors face every day. No More High-Maintenance Code Simply built for business Merchandisers Curate your search results and recommendations to increase sales and shopping cart size. Learn more Marketing Deliver personalized messaging through dynamic campaigns to drive traffic and convert at lightning speed. Learn more Engineering Leverage REST API, content management systems, and on-site search. Learn more Smart Search eBook How AI transforms the eCommerce experience Request eBook 23% In Average Order Value 20% Site Conversions 66% In Monthly Search Sessions 52% In New Users 28% In Search Exits 3x Faster Indexing Speed Environments Round Out Your Revenue Strategy Drive Traffic Capture relevant, high-quality traffic with auto-dynamic landing pages powered by HawkSearch’s Traffic Builder. Data Tools enrich product data with accurate information to improve SEO and Site search. Boost Sales Conversions Smart autocomplete, relevant recommendations, and AI-powered intelligence that learns customer behavior to personalize the search experience for each unique visitor to boost conversions and increase AOV. Raise Average Order Value Product comparisons and personalized B2C commerce recommendations engage customers to stay on your site longer and increase shopping cart sizes. Upcoming Events April 19, 2026 - April 22, 2026 Click here to open the registration page Adobe Summit 2026 Meet HawkSearch at Adobe Summit 2026 for AI-powered search, recommendations, and merchandising built for Adobe Commerce. Book a demo with our team. Conference eCommerce May 4, 2026 - May 6, 2026 Click here to open the registration page B2B Online Chicago 2026 Meet HawkSearch at B2B Online Chicago 2026 to see AI-powered B2B search, product discovery, and merchandising for complex catalogs. Schedule a demo. Conference eCommerce Content or Commerce at Any Level We've got the answer you've been looking for Business-to-Business The only and best search platform for the high-volume parts environment of B2B commerce and product discovery solutions. Learn more Business-to-Customer Keep up with the changes in B2C commerce with powerful site search capabilities and data-driven product recommendations. Learn more Content Industry Organize and deliver the right content to the right people. AI-powered product discovery and search relevancy. Learn more Comprehensive Engine HawkSearch’s rule engine offers precision and control with an intuitive interface, making it easy to set up complex conditions. Real-time previews and advanced capabilities ensure personalized, relevant search results, enhancing user satisfaction and driving conversions. Learn more Making Integration as Easy as Possible On any platform HawkSearch Integrations Custom Platform Whether you’ve built on .NET, Java or Open-Source. HawkSearch can integrate with any codebase. See our Tools in Action Schedule a demo Let's chat Solutions Marketing eCommerce Engineering Mobile and Web Product Smart Search Smart Response Smart Agents Search Assistant Keyword Search Measurement Conversion Instant Engage Dynamic Targeting Multi-Site Management Recommendations Merchandising Rules Recommendations Relevancy Tuning SEO Traffic Builder Personalization Usage Reporting Rapid UI Framework Industry Accelerators Integrations Adobe Adobe Commerce BigCommerce Custom Platform Hybris idev Kentico Moblico Optimizely B2B Optimizely B2C OroCommerce ROC Commerce Salesforce Shopify Shopware Sitecore Sitefinity Unbound Unilog WooCommerce More Integrations Company About Blog Knowledge Base Case Studies Careers Contact Book a Demo News Events Partners Support User Guide Developer Portal Newsroom FAQ Subscribe for regular updates on HawkSearch events, news, and features. Join the list Thanks! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription. Oops, something went wrong. Please try again © 2022 Bridgeline Digital Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy