70% OFF
HOLIDAY SALE
Shop Now
All Products
Hosting
Cloud
Domains
VPS
Company
Support
Client Area



Holiday Sale
SAVE UP TO 70% OFF ON ALL HOSTING PACKAGES
SAVE UP TO 20% OFF ON Cloud VPS


SAVINGS GUARANTEED FOR:
0
DAYS
10
HOURS
19
MINUTES
41
SECONDS
STARTING AT ONLY $0.90/month
CLAIM DEAL NOW
  30 day money back guarantee
Pick one of our awesome services
If you need 'em, we surely have 'em.
Shared Hosting
Fast, powerful and budget friendly hosting.
Starting from
$0.90/mo
was 2.99 now 70% off!
See Plans
Semi-Dedicated Hosting
Powerful yet easy to use professional grade hosting.
Starting from
$4.80/mo
was 15.99 now 70% off!
See Plans
Reseller Hosting
Quickly build your own web hosting business.
Starting from
$9.74/mo
was 12.99 now 25% off!
See Plans
Cloud Compute
Full root access and scalability to meet your needs.
Starting from
$5.00/mo
Save 16% with 1 year contract
See Plans
Register your domain name
Get yourself noticed on the internet!
 Check Availability
.net
$15.95
Most Popular
.com
$15.75
.org
$10.79see all extensions
Global Locations with Local Speeds
Wherever you are, you'll find us!
Dallas, Texas
Host Name | Test IP:
dal.hawkhost.com | 198.252.99.103
Speed Test:
10 MB Test File | 100 MB Test File | Speed Test
see all locations
Key Features
Everything you'll need and more!
24/7/365 Support

Our support staff is available around the clock to support you with any issues.

Money Back Guarantee

If you're not 100% satisfied you can cancel within 30 days for a complete refund.

Robust Control Panel

Control all aspects of your hosting with the powerful yet easy-to-use cPanel software.

Loaded With Freebies

Get free SSL certificates, migrations, and a powerful drag-and-drop website builder.

More Reasons toLove Us 
We can't wait to partner with you for your hosting needs. If you're looking for a web hosting business that's reliable, affordable, and always there for you when you need them, you're in the right spot!
Free Migration Support

Our 24/7 migration team will be ready whenever you are to move from your old host. We'll help transfer and restore your account, free of cost.

Migrate Your Site
Optimized for 

Our datacenters are CloudFlare optimized. CloudFlare is 100% free, easy to enable, and will provide powerful performance increases to your sites.

CloudFlare Hosting
WordPress Hosting

Experience servers optimized for all things WordPress, including WooCommerce hosting. With just a few clicks, your online store, blog, or site can be up and running.

WordPress Hosting
Reviews from our Customers
Read what makes us great!
Ted HostingAdvice.com
Hawk Host is committed to delivering top-tier hosting with the personal touch of a small provider. Whether an individual wants to register a domain or a business wants to migrate to the cloud, Hawk Host has the tools they need."
Sarah Photographer / Website Owner
I just wanted to say THANK YOU to your awesome support staff. My site recently went down after a huge surge of traffic from one of my pictures on Facebook and my old hosting provider basically told me to get lost! I'm not very "technically inclined" so when a friend recommended I change to Hawk Host I was skeptical because I had no clue of how to transfer all of my files. Your support team walked me through every step and had me up and running again in hours.
Stephen eCommerce Webmaster
When I started my website I was absolutely overwhelmed by the hundreds of options available for hosting. I got as far as talking to customer service with at least a dozen companies but your site was the only one who was willing to work with me to get my site online. I'm extremely happy with your services and highly recommend it to all of my friends.
Whitney Website Owner
I have had websites with many hosting companies over many years - pretty much since the Internet was all shiny and new. I have been hosted by both big-name companies and smaller ones. But I have never been as satisfied with a hosting company as I am with Hawk Host. In my opinion, Hawk Host is the absolute best hosting company in existence. Their package prices are extremely reasonable, and I've never had any problems with downtime. Hawk Host is a friendly, professional company that delivers first-rate service. To everyone at Hawk Host: thank you so much for being so awesome!
Natalie Blogger
I used to host through another company and it was a nightmare! My site was constantly down and when I complained about it they would just blame me. I just wish that I had used Hawk Host from the start.
Bryan Web Designer
When I first started searching the internet for a reliable host, I came across several hundred hosts. The search was quite over whelming, I wanted a host that was affordable, but reliable and had good support, in case something went wrong. I found a good team of people with Hawk Host. I monitor my sites downtime and have seen it go off line when the guys are updating software, and that only takes minutes. Most companies claim the world and deliver an island. I have been with them over a year and will continue to use them.
Ready to get started? Build your site from$0.90/moGET STARTED NOW
Contact Support
HOSTING
Cloud Shared Web Hosting
VPS Hosting
Cloud Compute Hosting
Cloud WordPress Hosting
DDOS Protected Hosting
Specialized Hosting
Canadian Web Hosting
HardenedPHP Legacy Hosting
Web Hosting Specials
INFORMATION
Server Status
Affiliate Program
Knowledge Base
Payment Methods
Reviews
Hosting Pricing
Domain Pricing
Hosting Locations
DOMAINS
Domain Checker
SSL Certificate
LEGAL
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
SLA
COMPANY
About Hawk Host
Contact Us
Blog
Forums
Copyright © 2025 Hawk Host, All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service | Acceptable Use Policy | SLA
Accepted Payment Methods