From the blog:
Browser Agent Safety is an Afterthought for Vendors →
Accessibility
Pricing
Pro
Enterprise
MFA
User Journeys
Docs
Blog
Contact Sales
Sign Up
Log In
hCaptcha Enterprise
Understand intent. Stop abuse.

Protect your services from automated and human threats, while preserving user privacy.
Get Started
or Contact Sales
Looking for hCaptcha Free or Pro?
compare plans
Bot Detection
Fraud Protection
Account Defense
Private Learning
AI Bot Detection
The world’s most accurate bot detection. Stay ahead of persistent threat actors while preserving user privacy.
Learn More
Protecting category leaders in every industry
hCaptcha Enterprise is the leader in privacy-first online security, used to protect hundreds of millions of people around the world.
Deploy in minutes
Switch from reCAPTCHA with two lines of code.
Universal Support: Hundreds of plugins and native integrations simplify rollout.
Comprehensive Security On Demand
One integration, many use cases
Bad Bots
Human Abuse
Account Takeovers
Credential Stuffing
Purchase Fraud
Card Testing
Chargeback Fraud
SMS Tolling Fraud
Platform Abuse
Affiliate Fraud
Ultra low friction, fully customizable
With passive and No-CAPTCHA modes, server side API protection and more, hCaptcha Enterprise is a complete security platform. From threat models to custom themes, get exactly the behavior you want.
Compliant and Universal
Works in every country
Unique Zero PII features simplify global compliance for regulated industries. Enable trust and safety while exceeding privacy standards like GDPR, CCPA, and HIPAA.
Designed for accessibility
Flexible options to meet both your security and WCAG 2.1 accessibility requirements, from text-based challenges to our passive Universal Accessibility system.
Request a VPAT
A new kind of MFA. Zero tolling attacks.
We flipped the script on SMS
Stronger Verification
Unlike push-based SMS, hCaptcha MFA uses a pull-based approach that simplifies the user experience and eliminates toll fraud, making it more secure by design.
Richer Signals for ATO Detection
SMS alone is unreliable. Combining pull-based SMS with Account Defense gives you a deeper, more accurate picture of account takeover attempts.
Find Threats Without Fingerprinting Your Users
Traditional fingerprints are becoming useless for stopping attacks. Browser makers are working to break them, and attackers can easily emulate them.
Use Advanced Threat Signatures
Our Advanced Threat Signatures are a breakthrough in security ML, clustering attackers across thousands of IPs and devices while separating all good traffic into just one or a few signatures.
Stop Account Takeovers
hCaptcha Enterprise is not just a great way to stop credential stuffing and other high volume attacks. Find post-login and intra-session attacks, without sharing user data or personal information with us.
Find Human Fraud and Abuse Fast
Private Learning is a Revolution in Security ML
Learn why over 60% of the top online payment processors choose hCaptcha Enterprise to detect fraud and abuse. Our models deliver unparalleled precision with nearly zero false positives and no PII.
Run it on the web, in apps, or entirely server-side.
Risk Insights Powers Analysis and Your Own ML
A novel approach to signal enrichment, our scoped and blinded signals help your ML models stay compliant with global privacy laws while benefiting from our unique detection and risk analysis.
Who uses hCaptcha?
hCaptcha is the largest independent service of its kind. From Global 2000 to startups, thousands of enterprises choose hCaptcha to protect their online services.
e-Commerce
Finance
Technology
Gaming
Government
Telecom
Privacy

"Why do we use hCaptcha? No one else could deliver on the features and performance we need."

— Alex M., Product Manager @ Shopify

Leading e-commerce platforms like Shopify use hCaptcha Enterprise to protect customers while preserving privacy.
Enterprise Features
hCaptcha Enterprise delivers unparalleled accuracy and power to solve trust and safety issues.

From automated attacks to human abuse, our complete security platform gives you the tools you need.

World-class bot protection
Battle-tested at web scale.
High accuracy risk scores
Detect bad actors of many different types.
Zero friction and 99.9% passive modes
Challenge less than 0.1% of legitimate users.
Control challenge types shown
Wide library of types to choose from.
Control challenge content used
Stay on brand with a consistent user experience.
Enterprise SLAs
Guaranteed reliability and fast 24/7 on-call support.
Legacy browser support
Compatible all the way back to Internet Explorer 8.
Support for non-JavaScript clients.
Advanced reporting dashboards and API
See what’s happening across all your sites and apps.
Works in every country
Unlike reCAPTCHA, we work in every country.
GDPR, CCPA, and LGPD-friendly privacy policy
Designed for privacy from day one.
Strong Data Processing Agreement.
Fine-grained difficulty levels
Dial this in to exactly fit your use case.
First-party hosting
All requests and assets go to hcaptcha.yourdomain.com
Multi-user dashboards
Share management across your team.
SAML SSO integration with Identity Providers like Okta or Azure AD.
Sophisticated RBAC access restrictions available.
Instant Verification
0ms latency: verify hCaptcha tokens with no API call.
Mobile (iOS and Android) Integration
Seamless experience across web, native mobile, mobile web.
Pre-built integrations and native SDKs available.
Customized Terms and Privacy Guarantees
Satisfy your legal needs when other companies cannot.
Ready to see what we can do for you? Contact us today to get a demo or start a pilot.
Contact Sales
Our Expertise is Applied 24/7
Empower your SOC with Security ML, or let us manage response
From real-time detection to 24/7/365 SOC coverage by ML and our trained experts, hCaptcha Enterprise lets you rapidly respond to new threats, whether human or automated.

Let us manage the details, or supercharge your own SOC with powerful new tools.
See hCaptcha Enterprise in Action
Get a demo or start a pilot today.
Get Started
Company
About
Jobs
Trademarks
AI Ethics
Press
Compliance
Resources
Status
Documentation
Report a Bug
Accessibility
Cyberattacks 101
GDPR
Contact
Support
Contact Support
Sales
Contact Sales
Blog
Terms
Privacy
DMCA
Attribution
hCaptcha is a registered trademark of Intuition Machines, Inc.
©2025 Intuition Machines, Inc.