HCL Group HCL Group Human Potential. Multiplied. ® HCL Group About Us Leadership Brand HCL HCL Brand Purpose HCL Story HCL Sports HCL Concerts HCL Jigsaw Brand Guidelines HCL Brand Store Media Center Videos Press Releases News Contact Us Privacy Statement / Sitemap © Copyright 2025. HCL HCL Group Established in 1976 as one of India’s original IT garage start-ups, HCL is a pioneer of modern computing with many firsts to its credit, including the introduction of the 8-bit microprocessor-based computer in 1978 well before its global peers. Group Companies HCLTech hcltech.com hcltech.com HCLTech is a next-generation global technology company that helps enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age. Our technology products, services, and engineering prowess are built on the back of four decades of innovation, with a world-renowned management philosophy, a strong culture of invention and risk-taking, and a relentless focus on customer relationships. Know more HCLSoftware hcl-software.com hcl-software.com HCLSoftware is a division of HCL Technologies (HCL) that operates its primary software business. It develops, markets, sells, and supports over 30 product families in the areas of Customer Experience, Digital Solutions, Secure DevOps, Security & Automation. Know more HCL Healthcare hclhealthcare.in hclhealthcare.in HCL Healthcare is one of India’s largest corporate health solutions firms, providing end-to-end healthcare solutions with a vision to make corporate India a healthier place. Today, HCL Healthcare is delivering personalized, sustainable and managed care health solutions to organizations across sectors including technology and banking. It has eight world-class corporate health centers across the country serving over 70,000 families. Know more HCL Infosystems hclinfosystems.in hclinfosystems.in HCL Infosystems is an IT services, solutions & distribution company providing the choice of multi-brand global technology products and the capability of best-in-class, business-aligned IT services and solutions. Know more HCL GUVI guvi.in guvi.in HCL GUVI is a leading online learning and skills development company, incubated by IIT Madras and IIM Ahmedabad. Established in 2014 and acquired by the HCL Group in 2022, GUVI provides effective and high-quality learning and skilling programs that transcend language barriers in technology Know more Philanthropy & CSR HCL Foundation hclfoundation.org hclfoundation.org HCL Foundation (HCLF) was established in 2011 as the Corporate Social responsibility arm of HCL Technologies in India. It is a value-driven, not-for-profit organization that thrives in contributing toward national and international development goals, impacting the lives of people and communities through long-term sustainable programs. Know more Shiv Nadar Foundation shivnadarfoundation.org shivnadarfoundation.org The Shiv Nadar Foundation was established in 1994 by Shiv Nadar to work towards the creation of a more equitable, merit-based society by empowering individuals through transformational education to bridge the socio-economic divide. Know more The Habitats Trust thehabitatstrust.org thehabitatstrust.org The Habitats Trust is a coalition of passionate individuals coming together with the aim of securing India’s natural habitats and their indigenous species. The mission of the Trust is to create and conserve sustainable ecosystems through strategic partnerships and collaborations with all stakeholders at every level. Know more Celebrating 49 years of HCL HCL & SRFI Unveil a Bigger and Stronger India Squash Tour with Record Prize Purse and Expanded Global Opportunities Know More HCL Group and UpLink Launch Fourth Global Aquapreneur Innovation Challenge to Boost Water Resilience Know More HCL Launches ClimaForce Fund to Power India’s Climate Innovators Know More HCL Group and UpLink announce winners of ‘Tackling Water Pollution Challenge’ under the Aquapreneur Innovation Initiative Know More HCLTech Chairperson Roshni Nadar Malhotra conferred the Chevalier de la Légion d’Honneur by France Know More HCL National Doubles Championship Concludes Successfully in Chennai Know More 2500 Cyclists from 23 Indian States Compete in HCL Cyclothon 2024 Know More Mrs. Kiran Nadar honoured with the prestigious Padma Shri Award. Roshni Nadar Malhotra felicitated by UP CM, Shri Yogi Adityanath, at the launch of Mission Shakti 4.0 Brand HCL HCL BRAND PURPOSE HCL believes that collective actions can help in multiplying the potential of not just individuals but communities at large. HCL STORY The HCL journey has been relentless, gratifying and marked with a series of achievements. STRATEGIC PROGRAMS HCL aims to multiply potential of not only individuals but society at large. Therefore, it heavily invests in promoting sports & music by providing platform to talented artists and athletes. HCL Sports HCL Concerts HCL Jigsaw Aquapreneur Innovation Initiative BRAND GUIDELINES The brand guidelines ensure consistent communication and accurate representation of organization across all channels and touchpoints. HCL BRAND STORE Home to a variety of HCL branded apparel and merchandise. Sitemap Terms of use Cookie Statement Privacy Statement Disclaimer Gallery Contact © Copyright 2025 HCL Cookie Settings