Home - High Country News Close Your Dashboard Search for: Search Features Public lands Indigenous Affairs Water Climate change Arts & Culture Subscribe Newsletters Donate Now The Magazine Jobs & Classifieds Open dropdown menu Jobs & Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Display Ad Info Close Skip to content Subscribe Newsletters Donate Now The Magazine Jobs & Classifieds Open dropdown menu Jobs & Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Display Ad Info High Country News A nonprofit independent magazine of unblinking journalism that shines a light on all of the complexities of the West. Your Dashboard Open Search Search for: Search Donate Menu Features Public lands Indigenous Affairs Water Climate change Arts & Culture Home We need to talk about the pretendians in our midst Indigenous scholar Dina Gilio-Whitaker wants Natives to approach a difficult topic rationally, vulnerably and honestly. Cascades frogs vanished from Lassen Volcanic National Park in 2007. Now, they’re back. Winter solstice is a time for planting seeds Western Washington faces a long recovery after record-breaking flooding An unusually swift series of atmospheric rivers hit the region, worsened by warm temperatures. by Amanda Monthei December 22, 2025 December 22, 2025 Inside California’s wild Christmas tree harvest Each winter, migrant crews climb into the Sierra to cut wild silvertip firs, a fragile tradition now imperiled by wildfire, climate change, and tightening immigration laws. by Allen Myers December 22, 2025 Colorado cannot heal until it confronts Sand Creek honestly To move forward, Coloradans must face the massacre’s trauma and begin to repair trust. by Chris Tall Bear December 19, 2025 ‘It is quite difficult to maintain a Colorado Christmas tree farm’ #iamthewest: Giving voice to the people that make up communities in the region. by Kevin Mohatt December 19, 2025 Mexican wolves are rebounding, but are they ready for delisting? A new bill from Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar looks to remove endangered species protections. by April Reese December 18, 2025 Going bananas in Portland, any portabella in a storm, and squirrels gone wild in California Mishaps and mayhem from around the region. Washington approves over 99% of archaeological permits, records show As tribes struggle to protect their heritage, the nation’s leading state archaeologist says she lacks the authority to stop development projects. ‘We’re basically slitting our own throat’: Montana rolls back water-quality standards The EPA approved Montana’s weaker standards for nutrient pollution during the government shutdown. Colorado wolves are on the move Almost two years after reintroduction began, wolves are nearing the state’s southern and western borders. Skimpy snow makes life worse for skiers — and everyone else The sport may seem selfish, but it reminds us why good snowpack matters. Top Interior Department official has ties to Thacker Pass lithium mine Karen Budd-Falen’s family ranching operation agreed to sell water rights to the company developing the controversial Nevada lithium project. Water across the West at risk as Trump targets national monuments A new study found that about 83% of water passing through public lands uses monument designation for its only protection. How the gaming economy helps tribes navigate shifting policies Tribal sovereignty and prosperity are tied to gaming’s sovereign source of income. Get our newsletters Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email address (Required) Δ Most Popular Stories Cascades frogs vanished from Lassen Volcanic National Park in 2007. Now, they’re back. The strange loneliness of Charlie Kirk’s funeral We need to talk about the pretendians in our midst The wealthy profit from public lands, and taxpayers pick up the tab Western Washington faces a long recovery after record-breaking flooding High Country News Classifieds COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER Position Summary: Conserve Southwest Utah (CSU) is seeking a creative, strategic Communications Manager to lead the organization's storytelling, public visibility, and community engagement. The Communications Manager will shape CSU's public voice, develop long-term outreach strategies, manage digital and print communications, […] View All Ads Place an Ad The West in Perspective Colorado cannot heal until it confronts Sand Creek honestly by Chris Tall Bear The mystery of wildlife and a world beyond our understanding by Nicholas Crane Moore The big data center buildup by Jonathan Thompson In This Issue December 2025: Wild Harvest In an ambitious partnership with ProPublica, we revisit a topic that has occupied High Country News since our earliest days as a black-and-white tabloid — livestock grazing on the nation’s public lands. Forget romantic visions of lonesome cowboys; federal grazing programs today benefit a very,… Sign up for a trial Try HCN for free to start Water The big data center buildup An AI server farm tsunami threatens to overwhelm the West’s power grid and water supplies. Will this threatened frog stop drilling near Denver? Northern leopard frogs were found near the site of what would be one of state’s largest fossil fuel operations. Why Colorado River negotiations are so difficult Basin states have had 2 years to figure out how to share the shrinking river. Will they get there before the feds step in? Wildlife Get to know the western spotted skunk ‘The stench kind of permeates everything’: What it takes to study a stinky, secretive skunk National parks aren’t just for tourists. They’re an essential home for wildlife. Pick up this new book on Yosemite for the photos but stay for the animal stories. Congress made it easier to ignore grazing’s harm to public lands Federal law requires agencies to review the environmental impacts of grazing, but government employees allege the system is riddled with loopholes. Public Lands How ranchers accused of breaking the rules dodge oversight Elected officials interfere with agency efforts to protect the land. The wealthy profit from public lands, and taxpayers pick up the tab Roughly two-thirds of grazing on Bureau of Land Management land is controlled by just 10% of permit holders. How we reported Free Range, our grazing investigation Data and analyses used in the stories. Indigenous Affairs Western climate litigants keep fighting After disappointing losses in Alaska and Montana, an Indigenous-led climate case is making strides in New Mexico. The West’s vanishing porcupines Scientists are racing to figure out why porcupines are disappearing from their former stomping grounds. Can AI translate Native languages in times of disaster? In the wake of Typhoon Halong, an AI language company wants to hire Native translators, raising questions about data sovereignty. Communities ‘Our mission is to change the world through eco-cultural tourism’ #iamthewest: Giving voice to the people that make up communities in the region. Aspen ‘eyes’ keep us accountable to the natural world In times of crisis, their gaze is a summon from nature to take action. Heavy metal is healing teens on the Blackfeet Nation In response to youth suicides, teachers show students the power of headbanging at Fire in the Mountains festival. Books The fallout from Ruby Ridge Disillusionment pushes Jess Walter’s characters to the brink in his new novel ‘So Far Gone.’ ‘It’s a story of hope’: Reflections on undamming the Klamath A Q&A with Amy Bowers Cordalis about her new book on the multigenerational effort towards dam removal. Denver’s storied tradition of sex work, then and now In her new book, Michelle Gurule reveals her experience as a sugar baby and just how little has changed about the industry in the last century. In the News Indigenous people are an indivisible part of America The story of Thanksgiving is about coming to terms with a difficult truth: the American experiment came at a great cost to Native Americans. by Paul Chaat Smith Know the West. Get 2 free issues ↓ 119 Grand Avenue PO Box 1090 Paonia, CO 81428 (970) 527-4898 Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn RSS Feed Contact Us About us Careers Pitch us a story Fellowships Education Get email newsletters Support our work Advertise Syndication Subscriber services Get 2 free issues ↓ Sign up for a free trial of High Country News . Learn what’s happening across the West today and see if becoming a subscriber is for you. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2025 High Country News. All rights reserved Powered by Newspack Gift this article Close Link Copy link