Managed IT Services for Government, Education, Healthcare & Enterprise | Hayes Tallahassee, FL HAYES Contact Us Menu Solutions Our Solutions Hayes Solutions Partner Solutions Industries We Serve Who We Are Support 39 Years of Powering IT Excellence Hayes is the leading provider of Unified Communications, Contact Center, SD-WAN, SASE, Cloud Offerings, Data Protection, Networking, Security, Connectivity, Consulting, Customer Strategies and Data Center Services. Our integrated approach to solving IT challenges allows you to navigate the digital landscape, facilitate business outcomes and perfect operations to exceed customer expectations by driving internal and external success. Let us prove it Ideas are just ideas without the power of Hayes Industries We Serve: Comprehensive IT Solutions Across Key Sectors Hayes is a trusted provider of award-winning solutions. We cater to a diverse range of industries, including government, education, healthcare, enterprise/commercial sectors. Learn more Championed through Partnerships: Bold Innovative and Authentic Collaboration At the core of our approach lies a steadfast commitment to forging meaningful partnerships. Hayes nurtures an environment of bold, innovative, and authentic dialogue. Together, we empower your business to reach its full potential, while simultaneously fostering a shared culture of growth and success. See our partners Premium Contact Technical Support: Treating Customers Like Family The Hayes Support Center is our 24/7/365 US-based support designed to provide unparalleled assistance for all your needs. Our knowledgeable, friendly, and Hayes employed professional team is ready to help you with our unwavering commitment to your success. You can confidently focus on your core business operations, because with Hayes, we treat your concerns like our own. Learn More Have questions? Let's Chat! Let's Chat! HAYES Empowering businesses through innovative IT solutions. Your trusted partner in digital transformation. Call us: Local: (850)-297-0551 Toll-Free: (800)-825-9390 Email us: hello@hcs.net Follow us: LinkedIn Solutions Hayes Solutions Re-seller Partners Resources Support Company Stay Informed Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest industry insights and updates. By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy © 2025 Hayes. All rights reserved. Top