Housing & Development Board (HDB) A Singapore Government Agency Website How to identify Official website links end with .gov.sg Government agencies communicate via .gov.sg websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open) . Trusted website s Secure websites use HTTPS Look for a lock ( ) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive
                            information only on official secure websites. Housing & Development Board Skip to main About Us Vision, Mission, and Values Our Role HDB History and Towns Designing for Life Roadmap Our Logo Organisation Structure Achievements and Accolades Research and Innovation Careers Scholarships and Internships News & Publications Residential Buying a Flat Selling a Flat Servicing Your HDB Housing Loan Renting a Flat Living in an HDB Flat Shopping in Your Neighbourhood Renting Out a Flat/ Bedroom Season Parking Community HDB Community Day Creating Vibrant Places Caring for Your Neighbours Practising Eco-Living Getting Involved Community Publications Business Commercial Building Professionals (BGBiz) Renovation Contractors Land Developers and Land Users Tenderers Estate Agents & Salespersons Car Parks Types of HDB Car Parks Car Park Signboards Parking Lot Line Markings Car Park Location Map Parking Offences Season Parking Short-Term Parking Car Parks for Business Activities Parking@HDB e-Services Residential Business Car Parks General About Us About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. Vision, Mission, and Values Our Role HDB History and Towns Designing for Life Roadmap Our Logo Organisation Structure Achievements and Accolades Research and Innovation Careers Scholarships and Internships News & Publications Residential About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. Buying a Flat Selling a Flat Servicing Your HDB Housing Loan Renting a Flat Living in an HDB Flat Shopping in Your Neighbourhood Renting Out a Flat/ Bedroom Season Parking Community About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. HDB Community Day Creating Vibrant Places Caring for Your Neighbours Practising Eco-Living Getting Involved Community Publications Business About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. Commercial Building Professionals (BGBiz) Renovation Contractors Land Developers and Land Users Tenderers Estate Agents & Salespersons Car Parks About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. Types of HDB Car Parks Car Park Signboards Parking Lot Line Markings Car Park Location Map Parking Offences Season Parking Short-Term Parking Car Parks for Business Activities Parking@HDB e-Services About Us The Housing & Development Board (HDB) is Singapore's public housing authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development. We develop public housing to provide Singaporeans with affordable, quality homes, and a better living environment. Focusing on nurturing a strong family and community spirit, public housing policies and schemes are formulated to meet changing needs and aspirations. Residential Whether you are buying, selling, or already living in an HDB flat, everything you need to know about residential properties is housed here. Community More than homes, our HDB towns are vibrant places to enjoy to the fullest. There is so much in place for you to bond with your neighbours and create an active and cohesive community. Business Get the information you need for any business involving HDB homes, properties, commercial spaces, or land under our management. Car Parks You can find out more about the types of HDB car parks, important car park information, and parking offences. e-Services Transact with us at your convenience. You can submit an application, submit an online enquiry, or make an appointment with us. Residential Business Car Parks General Login Login to My HDBPage Login to My Business Toggle navigation Alert Marketing Cloud Visitor Id Supporting families to live close together Get priority under the Family Care Scheme when applying for a new flat to live with or near your parents, whether you are single or married. Arrow down icon Check your eligibility Buying a flat See the flat options available and learn more about the buying process. Buying a flat Whether you are a first-time buyer or you have owned a flat before, it is a huge commitment. Here is some useful information to help ease the process. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB Flat Portal Apply for an HDB Flat Eligibility letter to get started on your home purchase journey, and use our financial calculators to plan your flat purchase. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB Flat Eligibility Letter Obtain an HDB Flat Eligibility letter first if you are planning to buy a flat. Arrow down icon Find out more Working Out Your Flat Budget Plan for your flat purchase and work out your budget using our financial tools. Arrow down icon Find out more Selling your flat Find everything you need to know about the selling process here. Selling your flat Get to know the selling process, the various ways you can go about selling your flat, and how you can finance your next flat purchase. Arrow down icon Find out more Getting Started Get an overview of the streamlined resale process. Arrow down icon Find out more Plan for your next flat Some considerations you should include in planning for your next accommodation after selling your flat. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB Flat Portal Enjoy a faster and easier resale transaction with the HDB Flat Portal. Arrow down icon Find out more Living Make your home as enjoyable as possible by learning about home maintenance, safety, and insurance. Living Here is where you can get information on flat matters that you may experience living in an HDB flat. Arrow down icon Find out more CHANGE IN FLAT OWNERSHIP (NOT THROUGH A SALE) Read the conditions and procedures involved in changing the ownership of your flat within family members. Arrow down icon Find out more RENOVATION Find out the guidelines for renovating your home and engaging a registered renovation contractor. Arrow down icon Find out more ENHANCEMENT FOR ACTIVE SENIORS (EASE) Seniors can apply to install grab bars and ramps at home to enjoy enhanced safety and added mobility. Arrow down icon Find out more Community More than homes, HDB towns are vibrant places to live and enjoy to the fullest. Community Be a part of your community by taking part in fun community activities and events. Get to know your neighbours better and make new friends! Arrow down icon Find out more BEING A GOOD NEIGHBOUR Learn how to build great relationships with your neighbours. Arrow down icon Find out more FRIENDS OF OUR HEARTLANDS Make a difference and deepen your community involvement by joining us as a Friend of Our Heartlands. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB LIVELY PLACES PROGRAMME Kick-start your own community project to foster community bonds, or enliven public spaces. Arrow down icon Find out more Parking Get to know more about season parking, parking rules, and types of parking offences here. Parking See the different types of parking schemes available. Arrow down icon Find out more SEASON PARKING Find out more about Season Parking in HDB car parks. Arrow down icon Find out more TRANSFER OF SEASON PARKING You can transfer your season parking if you have changed your vehicle or car park. Arrow down icon Find out more SHORT TERM PARKING CHARGES Find out more about the short-term parking charges at HDB car parks. Arrow down icon Find out more e-Services Access our wide range of e-Services here. e-Services Submit an application, make an online enquiry, or pay your bills at your convenience. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB MAP SERVICES You can check on the SPR quota of a block, or locate HDB car parks, shops, and industrial estates. Arrow down icon Find out more HOUSING PAYMENTS Make payment for your various housing-related services at your convenience. Arrow down icon Find out more FINANCIAL CALCULATORS Use our calculators to work out your finances before buying or selling your flat. Arrow down icon Find out more Buying a flat Whether you are a first-time buyer or you have owned a flat before, it is a huge commitment. Here is some useful information to help ease the process. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB Flat Portal Apply for an HDB Flat Eligibility letter to get started on your home purchase journey, and use our financial calculators to plan your flat purchase. Arrow down icon Find out more HDB Flat Eligibility Letter Obtain an HDB Flat Eligibility letter first if you are planning to buy a flat. Arrow down icon Find out more Working Out Your Flat Budget Plan for your flat purchase and work out your budget using our financial tools. Arrow down icon Find out more Remaking Our Heartland (ROH) Continuous innovation and upgrading programmes ensure that the heartland remain cherished homes to generations of Singaporeans. Planning with the Environment in Mind As part of HDB’s efforts to integrate greenery and nature into our towns, we carry out studies to better guide the planning and development of new housing areas. LIVINGSPACE Our HDB LIVINGSPACE gallery showcases Singapore's public housing evolution. Visit us to learn more about HDB's journey in creating sustainable, community-focused homes. News and Press Releases HDB Launches Tender for Sale Site at Miltonia Close 23 Dec 2025 The Housing & Development Board (HDB), as the Government’s land sales agent, has launched an Executive Condominium (EC) site at Miltonia Close for sale by public tender today. Provisional Tender Results for Land Parcel at Hougang Avenue 10/ Hougang Central for Mixed Commercial and Residential Development 16 Dec 2025 The Housing & Development Board (HDB), as the Government’s land sales agent, launched the land parcel at Hougang Avenue 10/ Hougang Central for sale by public tender on 29 May 2025. CPF Interest Rates from 1 January to 31 March 2026 and Basic Healthcare Sum for 2026 15 Dec 2025 The Special, MediSave and Retirement Account (SMRA) interest rate will remain unchanged at the floor rate of 4% per annum from 1 January to 31 March 2026, as the SMRA pegged rate remains below the floor rate of 4%. Supermarket, Food Court and Wellness Trail to Open at Tengah’s Newest Neighbourhood Centre in 1Q 2026 06 Dec 2025 Parc Point, Tengah’s second Neighbourhood Centre (NC) after Plantation Plaza, will open in 1Q 2026, with FairPrice supermarket and Gourmet Paradise food court as the first shops to commence operations. The remaining shops will open progressively thereafter, giving Tengah residents access to a wider range of daily amenities close to their homes. View more press releases Youtube Video Housing & Development Board About Us Vision, Mission, and Values Our Role HDB History and Towns Designing for Life Roadmap Our Logo Organisation Structure Achievements and Accolades Research and Innovation Careers Scholarships and Internships News & Publications Residential Buying a Flat Selling a Flat Servicing Your HDB Housing Loan Renting a Flat Living in an HDB Flat Shopping in Your Neighbourhood Renting Out a Flat/ Bedroom Season Parking Community HDB Community Day Creating Vibrant Places Caring for Your Neighbours Practising Eco-Living Getting Involved Community Publications Business Commercial Building Professionals (BGBiz) Renovation Contractors Land Developers and Land Users Tenderers Estate Agents & Salespersons Car Parks Types of HDB Car Parks Car Park Signboards Parking Lot Line Markings Car Park Location Map Parking Offences Season Parking Short-Term Parking Car Parks for Business Activities Parking@HDB Contact Us Write to Us Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Telegram Whatsapp Subscribe to HDB e-Alerts Download Mobile@HDB Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms of Use Sitemap Site Requirements © 2026, Government of Singapore Last Updated 29 December 2025