Лучший майнинг пул в России - Headframe en ru Platform Hashrate Management Whitelabel Blog Login Sign Up Sign Up Login Platform Hashrate Management Whitelabel Blog en ru 4.4 based on reviews Mining Pool for miners and mining professionals Headframe offers FPPS mining with low mining fees, stability, free daily payouts and unique features for data centers and hashrate managers. Sign Up Let's Talk 63753 Workers 20000+ Customers 8.34 EH/s Pool hashrate Calculate your income for 1 day week month TH/s BTC 0.00120242 USD RUB 41.069 * the calculation is appropriate and is based on the exchange rate according to CoinMarketCap Everything you need 0.9% fee Lowest fee on the market and ongoing promotions. Stable FPPS rewards Receive what you've earned — daily payouts guaranteed, with no reliance on luck and variance. Daily payouts Receive rewards daily at 9 AM UTC, with payouts at 1 PM UTC. Enjoy zero fees, no delays, and a low minimum payout threshold of 0.001 BTC. Online support Say goodbye to tickets, long waiting times, and being left in the dark. Our customer support team is available online in chat to assist you with any queries. 4.4 out of 5 Profitable, convenient and secure Clean UI Sleek design and powerfull interface with everything that you need to mine efficiently. Mobile First Ready to go on iOS, Android or mobile web. Accounts secured 2FA, one time codes to restore accounts, and role based access model for added security. BTC segregated We store customer funds separately from the pool funds to ensure maximum security. Robust infrastructure Kubernetes (k8s) for critical components, 99.5% uptime guarantee, and DDoS protection. How to mine with headframe . Sign Up Choose your account name and create secure password you never used before. Sign Up Connect Connect your ASICs to Headframe Pool stratums you see in your account. Use different workernames for each asic for more convenient monitoring. Read FAQ Get BTC Set Up 2FA, your BTC wallet address, and receive your mining rewards. Read FAQ Frequently Asked Questions How rewards are distributed? Rewards are distributed daily at 9:00 AM UTC. How do payouts work? Payouts occur automatically, daily at 13:00 PM UTC, upon reaching the minimum payout threshold, which you set in your personal account. What is the reward system for the pool? FPPS. The FPPS (Full Pay-Per-Share) system guarantees miners a fixed reward for each share of the hashrate they contribute to a block. This ensures a stable income, eliminating the impact of luck and variations in mining. Miners receive a fair reward for their contribution to the network. FPPS is the most transparent and convenient mining reward system. What are the fees and minimum payout amount? The standard pool commission is 0.9%. The minimum payout amount is 0.001 BTC. Which coins can be mined? BTC How does the referral system work? In the "Payments" tab, you will find your referral link. Every user who registers through this link becomes your referral, and you will receive a 10% referral reward from their mining activities. Recent blog articles Cryptocurrency market research: What factors influence the price of mining tokens. The cryptocurrency market, like any other market, is subject to fluctuations Read more Comparing different mining algorithms: how to choose the best approach for your configuration. Cryptocurrency mining is a process that allows you to earn rewards for confirming transactions on the blockchain. Read more Join headframe Sign Up Any Questions? Products Platform Hashrate Managment B2B Company Privacy Policy FAQ Partners User Service Agreement Contacts mail@headframe.io Send a message 2026 © headframe. All rights reserved.