Headphone Reviews and Discussion - Head-Fi.org Home Forums New posts Search forums Head Gear New items New comments Author list Series list Latest content Latest updates Latest reviews Search Head Gear Articles New articles New comments Latest reviews Author list Search articles Sponsors Classifieds New listings New comments Search listings Log in Register What's new Search Search Search titles and first posts only Search titles only Note By: Search Advanced search… Latest activity Register Menu Log in Register Install the app Install TimeEar Blossoms Review by Nasfar " If you love vocal-centric tracks, you’re in for a treat. Female vocals especially have a lovely, airy sweetness that’s hard to find " with TimeEar's Blossoms. Check out @Nasfar's complete thoughts in this review. SilentPower By iFi audio Arrives at Apos Audio " Many systems pick up unwanted noise from switching power supplies, USB bus power, or ethernet connections. The SilentPower range targets these points directly. " Discover how today at Apos Audio. Upcoming Meet: Denver, Colorado (January 10, 2026) Denver area Head-Fi'ers will be warming up the winter chill with a meet this January, and you're invited to join in! Mark your calendar now, then click here to RSVP and keep up with all of the developing details. Get Ready New York City! CanJam Returns March 7-8, 2026 CanJam is returning to the Big Apple for the 9th installment of CanJam New York! Join Head-Fi once again at the New York Marriott Marquis in Times Square this March. Stop by this thread to start planning your trip today. Forté Ears Mefisto Impressions by chortya " The Forté Ears Mefisto is a technical beast that doesn't forget how to be musical. " " The vocals are forward and lush, the bass is definitely elevated, and the treble has plenty of sparkle. " ~@chortya Bloom Audio Unveils Their Top Picks from 2025 " To round off the year, Steve, Matty, and Jake give their picks for the best of 2025. " " Let us know your picks for the best budget, mid tier, and flagship IEMs/Headphones/Source of the year! " ~@Andrew DiMarcangelo Join Head-Fi for the Inaugural CanJam Dubai (January 24-25, 2026) This winter, CanJam is making its Middle East debut with CanJam Dubai 2026! Join Head-Fi'ers from around the world and experience the latest in headphone and personal audio tech. Start planning your trip today! iBasso D17 ATHERIS Review by Trance_Gott "iBasso has once again hit the mark with the D17, offering all R2R fans a mobile DAC+amp that performs at the highest level in terms of technology and sound quality." Read Trance_Gott's full review of the iBasso D17 here. PENON Impact Impressions by mRaaghava Head-Fi'er @mRaaghava describes PENON's Impact as " musical and natural, with Penon’s traditional mids presentation which is nothing short of excellent. Natural, clean and engaging. " Intrigued? Hear more here. SIVGA Nightingale PRO Review by Sifxt How does SIVGA's Nightingale PRO compare to their novice Nightengale? Head-Fi'er @Sifxt aimed to find out. Stop by this page to check out his measurements and measurement review for his full story. Burson Audio Arrives at Apos Audio " Spanning discrete op-amps, Class-A headphone amplifiers, and high-current mono blocks for speaker systems, Burson Audio’s lineup is united by uncompromising, high-end engineering. " Check out the Burson Audio lineup at Apos Audio. Score Big Deals During the ABYSS Holiday Sale " Imagine relaxing to your music at the highest level of enjoyment with a personal audio system that maximizes your appreciation of every song " this holiday season with big deals at ABYSS Headphones. Questyle SIGMA and SIGMA Pro Review by Nostoi Questyle's SIGMA and it's studio-focused sibling the SIGMA Pro have been making waves lately, so Head-Fi'er @Nostoi had to see what all the fuss was about. Stop by this review and check out his tale of two SIGMAs. Win an IEM From KEEPHIFI During Their Christmas Giveaway KEEPHIFI is kicking off their Christmas Giveaway and today through the end of the year, you can enter to win a brand new IEM of your very own. Find out how you can enter to win in this thread. Yamaha YH-C3000 Review by GREQ " The YH-C3000 doesn't aim for understated sonic fidelity, it wants to wow and impress and give you a new exciting experience with absolutely flagship tier technicalities. " Hear the full story in @GREQ's review. Brise Audio's Lucky Cable Bag Return Once Again Next Week It's time for the return of Brise Audio's Lucky Bags. " The 2026 Fukubukuro lineup includes a selection of cables from the NISHIKI series, such as headphone cables and mini cables constructed using NISHIKI wire material. " Details here. Enter to Win a Pair of aune’s All-New IR300 IEMs " Whether you seek pure reference accuracy or personalized tuning, the IR300 delivers natural, smooth frequency response and rich, detailed nuances, " and aune is giving a pair away to one lucky Head-Fi'er in this thread. Click here to enter. Shanling M5 Ultra Review by Nealz " If your priority is pure sound, especially a warm, lush, musical presentation, the M5 Ultra absolutely delivers, " writes @Nealz. " This is a DAP for listeners who care more about how music feels than how it measures. " English (US) Contact us Terms and rules Privacy policy Help Home RSS Community platform by XenForo ® © 2010-2025 XenForo Ltd. | Media embeds via s9e/MediaSites This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register. By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. Back Top