Healthcare and Health IT News | Healthcare Dive Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's healthcare industry news Let Healthcare Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Payer Weekly Every Wednesday IT Weekly Every Thursday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Hospitals Payer Health IT Government Finances Medical Groups Telehealth Getty Images Trump administration nixes Biden-era health IT policies, including AI ‘model cards’ Two proposed rules released Monday would pare back government guardrails around health information technology software, including some put forward by the Biden administration. Read more ➔ Top stories Novo Nordisk’s weight loss pill approved by FDA UnitedHealth commits to changes after independent review HHS seeks input on speeding AI adoption in clinical care 9 more drugmakers ink pricing deals with Trump Trump administration proposes stronger insurer price transparency requirements The Latest Getty Images Top healthcare conferences to attend in 2026 These are the events healthcare leaders should plan for next year, covering topics like digital health, rural care and financial management. Hospitals Alex Wong via Getty Images Medicare unveils successor to ACO REACH The value-based care pilot will be replaced by ACO LEAD, a new model that providers and analysts say seems to address many of the problems posed by its predecessor. Payer JHVEPhoto via Getty Images Deep Dive Goliath v. Goliath A Medicare Advantage network spat between Optum and Humana in Washington state appears to be benefiting UnitedHealthcare at the expense of its biggest rival. Antitrust experts are alarmed. Payer Getty Images ChristianaCare, Virtua Health end merger talks The providers said they can best serve their communities by operating independently. The deal would have created a health system with more than $6 billion in annual revenue. Hospitals Alex Wong / Staff via Getty Images Trump administration moves to bar hospitals from providing youth gender-affirming care Under new proposed rules, hospitals would lose federal funding if they offer treatments including puberty blockers, hormone therapy or surgical procedures to minors. Hospitals Kayla Bartkowski via Getty Images House passes Republican health bill without ACA subsidy extension The legislation makes no mention of the financial assistance, setting the subsidies up to lapse in just a few weeks. Payer Alamy Optum Rx says 100% of network community pharmacies in cost-based contracts PBMs are pivoting reimbursement models to protect pharmacies from what they say is an unsustainable status quo. Payer Alex Wong via Getty Images Trump AI order introduces ‘unstable regulatory landscape’: analysis The executive order opens a “pandora’s box of not only constitutional issues, but also issues pertaining to the EO’s interpretation and scope,” legal analysts said. Getty Images Healthcare services M&A could rise in 2026: PwC Dealmaking in the sector is poised to increase next year after a lull in 2025, as companies use technology, like artificial intelligence, to attract buyers, according to the report. Health IT Getty Images Federation of American Hospitals names CEO to replace retiring veteran Chip Kahn is stepping down after almost 25 years at the for-profit hospital association. He’ll be replaced by Charlene MacDonald, who leads lobbying and public affairs for the FAH. Hospitals Neiu20001 via Getty Images Humana taps ex-Amazon executive as incoming insurance head George Renaudin, who has been with Humana for almost 30 years, is retiring, the insurer announced Tuesday. Aaron Martin, previously Amazon’s vice president of healthcare, will take his place. Payer Getty Images FDA gets mixed feedback on performance monitoring for AI Medtech industry groups said the FDA should use existing regulatory and quality tools to monitor performance, while medical groups said device manufacturers should be responsible for monitoring AI. Government Alex Wong via Getty Images Lawmakers worry about new VA Oracle EHR rollouts Thirteen medical centers are scheduled to go live with the Oracle records system next year. But the embattled project hasn’t fully implemented most recommendations from the Government Accountability Office. Health IT Getty Images Cencora takes majority stake in cancer care platform OneOncology for $5B The drug distributor has been steadily building up its specialty support assets as it looks to increase access to drugs. Finances Andrew Harnik via Getty Images Wyden pushes EHR vendors to adopt data privacy features The influential senator pressed 10 health IT and EHR firms to implement features that give patients more control over the flow of their health data. Health IT Getty Images Lawmakers say advanced nursing should count as a ‘professional degree’ A bipartisan group of lawmakers are pushing back against new reforms from the Trump administration that would lower borrowing caps for advanced nursing degrees, arguing they would exacerbate an existing workforce shortage. Government Andrew Harnik via Getty Images Trump calls for federal policy framework preempting state AI laws States will face evaluation of their AI laws under the executive order, as well as potential restrictions on funding if their laws are found to be burdensome. Health IT Getty Images FDA needs more staff, authority to oversee device recalls, watchdog finds “FDA's challenges — such as insufficient staffing — can create inefficiencies in the process and potentially put lives at risk,” the U.S. Government Accountability Office said. Government Win McNamee via Getty Images Senate rejects competing health bills, setting up ACA subsidy lapse The failure of both bills means enhanced subsidies for Affordable Care Act plans will likely expire at the end of the year. Healthcare groups urged lawmakers to extend the subsidies, noting premiums could skyrocket. Payer Rebecca Pifer/Healthcare Dive Texas sues Epic over alleged EHR monopoly The suit also accuses Epic of restricting parents’ access to children’s medical records. Epic called the complaint “flawed and misguided.” Health IT Mario Tama / Staff via Getty Images Hospitals look to manage expenses as uncertainty looms: report Only 30% of hospital leaders expect balance sheets to improve next year as health systems grapple with costs and changes to federal healthcare policy, according to Kaufman Hall. Hospitals Joe Raedle/Getty Images via Getty Images Democrats’ ACA subsidy extension adds $83B to deficit, boosts insured: CBO The plan to extend the more generous financial assistance for three years is expected to go up for a vote in the Senate Thursday, alongside a Republican alternative that would replace the subsidies. Payer Getty Images CHS appoints Kevin Hammons as CEO Hammons has served as interim CEO of the hospital operator since October. Also on Wednesday, Jason Johnson, previously CHS’ chief accounting officer, was appointed CFO. Hospitals Permission granted by Elevance Health Ex-Pfizer executive joins Elevance’s board as insurer pursues pharmacy experience Amy Schulman is the second veteran of the pharmaceutical industry that Elevance has added to its board this year. Payer Getty Images FDA pilots allowing digital health devices access to CMS payment program Companies can ask the FDA to waive premarket authorization and investigational device requirements while they collect real-world data in a CMS program. Health IT More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Healthcare Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Payer Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: IT Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Family physicians are departing rural areas: report CVS to launch ‘engagement’ platform in gamble on consumer, industry interest HHS outlines strategy to expand AI adoption Trump administration nixes Biden-era health IT policies, including AI ‘model cards’ Library resources Playbook How to Stop RCM Challenges from Eroding Healthcare Margins Custom content for Commure Survey Report What Data, AI, & Analytics Leaders Are Prioritizing in 2026 Custom content for Strategy Inc. Playbook Using AI to Work Smarter and Restore the Human Side of Care Custom content for Microsoft View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading The New York Times Hospitals Cater to ‘Transplant Tourists’ as U.S. Patients Wait for Organs The Washington Post Health insurance is less affordable as Obamacare offerings shrink KFF Health News Criminally Ill: Systemic Failures Turn State Mental Hospitals Into Prisons View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Scalable Patient Collaboration and Engagement Webinar - on demand • Provided by HP Poly Adopting Data-Driven Retail Strategies to Improve Member Experience Webinar - on demand • Provided by Virgin Pulse Mastering Claim Management: How Piedmont automated 90% of status inquiries Webinar - on demand • Provided by Waystar Healthcare Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Payer Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: IT Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications BioPharma Dive MedTech Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Hospitals Payer Health IT Government Finances Medical Groups Telehealth Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Healthcare Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Payer Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: IT Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.