Population Health | Oracle Health Skip to content Accessibility Policy Products Industries Resources Customers Partners Developers Company Close Search Search Oracle.com QUICK LINKS Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications Oracle Database Download Java Careers at Oracle Search Country View Accounts Back Cloud Account Sign in to Cloud Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier Oracle Account Sign-In Create an Account Help Sign Out Contact Sales Menu Menu Population health Modernize the care delivery experience for patients and populations across your ecosystem. Optimize organizational performance and user experiences with AI-driven solutions designed to inform population health, care management, diagnostic insights, contract management, and analytics—supporting efforts to advance care quality. Contact us Request a demo Solutions Differentiators Customers Resources Get Started View More Oracle Health population, patient, and citizen quality management solutions Unlock the value of your health data by integrating front-line, back-office, and health network solutions. Unify data from disparate sources to create comprehensive longitudinal records for individuals and populations. Value-based care Advance population health and value-based care Empower care teams with integrated front-line, back-office, and care coordination solutions using AI to help prioritize patient needs. View a comprehensive picture of your patients and your organization so you can focus on enhancing patient care and optimizing performance. Quality and contract management Oracle Health Quality Management empowers teams to advance care quality while maximizing financial performance. AI-assisted tools help identify social determinants of health, care gaps, hierarchical conditions, readmission risks, and reimbursement opportunities while streamlining workflows in any EHR. Care coordination and outreach Oracle Health Care Coordination Intelligence leverages AI to help streamline workflows, summarize longitudinal patient records, and enhance patient outreach. By enabling care teams to focus on proactive and prescriptive care, our solution supports closing care gaps, enhancing patient engagement, and fostering long-term relationships. Data intelligence Leverage aggregated, cleansed, and normalized data Access comprehensive, longitudinal patient records derived from curated data—regardless of the source—and generate actionable insights using out-of-the-box, prebuilt reports, advanced analytics, and AI and machine learning (ML) models. Reporting and analytics Oracle Health AI Data Platform is a fully extensible and scalable self-service enterprise data warehouse (EDW) and analytics solution. With the power of AI, break through data silos across clinical, financial, operational, and nontraditional systems to transform thousands of data sources into actionable insights. Determinants of health Identify and prioritize areas of vulnerability in your communities Bridge gaps between health and social care to help address nonmedical needs for at-risk patients and underserved communities. Identify areas of vulnerability and need at the census block group level to support targeted community health initiatives and partnership opportunities. Determinants of health Oracle Health Determinants of Health provides advanced analytics, combining clinical and social determinants data with geospatial mapping, to help identify underserved communities and social risks. Intervene at the point of care with evidence-based screening tools and personalized care plan goals. Why choose Oracle Health? Integrated solutions supporting front line, back office, and care coordination Take advantage of the only cloud-scale, EHR-agnostic health data platform that seamlessly integrates any internal or external data source, including Oracle Health Millennium Platform solutions, Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications, and third-party systems. Leverage insights from more than 123 million patients in Oracle Learning Health Network. 1 Lower total cost of ownership Capitalize on a total cost of ownership that is approximately four times lower per-member per-month (PMPM) compared to homegrown systems. 2 Expertise to scale with confidence Accelerate innovation and leverage actionable insights powered by extensive clinical and technology expertise. Secure, fully managed support Simplify operations while maintaining robust security with a fully managed, end-to-end suite of healthcare solutions hosted on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)—the next-generation cloud database trusted by some of the largest and most sophisticated businesses, national defense agencies, and governments around the world. AI built in, not bolted on Benefit from seamlessly embedded AI at every layer to help drive next-best actions, supporting personalized, data-driven care. Oracle Health customer stories Population health resources Oracle Health is a leader in healthcare data platforms Access the IDC report Get started with Oracle Health Contact Oracle Health Request a demo All data pulled from Oracle Health AI Data Platform and current as of August 2025. Calculated using distinct person IDs, which leverage a multipoint match algorithm to account for and remove duplicates within a single health system; patients who have visited multiple health systems may appear more than once in the data. Comparing Oracle Health population, patient, and citizen quality management solutions PMPM to the estimated PMPM for a 100,000-member network, including personnel and hosting at a leading cloud provider. As of January 2024. Resources for Resources for Careers Developers Investors Partners Researchers Students and Educators Why Oracle Why Oracle Analyst Reports Best cloud-based ERP Cloud Economics Social Impact Security Practices Learn Learn What is a sovereign cloud? What is zero trust security? How AI is transforming finance What is a vector database? What is multicloud? What are AI agents? News and Events News and Events News Oracle AI World Oracle Health Summit Oracle DevLive Search all events Contact Us Contact Us US Sales: +1.800.633.0738 How can we help? Subscribe to emails Integrity Helpline Accessibility © 2025 Oracle Privacy / Do Not Sell My Info Ad Choices Careers Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube