Measles alert for Gold Coast
Learn more
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
www.health.qld.gov.au
Contact us
Queensland Health
Search this website
Search
Public health & wellbeing
Clinical practice
Health system & governance
Careers
Research & reports
Newsroom
Queensland Health

Providing a world-class health system for all Queenslanders

Learn more about us
Patients and public
 In an emergency call 000  For non-urgent 13 HEALTH (13 43 25 84)


Find health services

In an emergency, visit an ED or call Triple Zero (000). If you're unsure, there are care options available.

Enterprise bargaining updates

We’re working with unions to negotiate updated agreements for Queensland Health employees.

Staying healthy over the holidays

Ways to keep you and your family safe, healthy and well in the holiday season.

What we're delivering for you

Find out what's being delivered for you in your local area.




Browse for information by health topic
Medicinal cannabis
Dental and oral health
Mental health, alcohol and other drugs
Tobacco and vaping
Poisons
Sexual health
View all health topics
Campaigns
We are Queensland Health

Join a team like no other. We’re over 100,000 strong, with more than 300 diverse career paths. We are a world-class healthcare system, with training and career support to take you further.

Your care options - ED alternatives

The 'Your care options' campaign supports efforts to alleviate ED pressures and increase awareness and uptake of alternative healthcare options such as Satellite Health Centres, Medicare Urgent Care Clinics and virtual care.

Don't be complacent

‘Don’t be complacent’ highlights the importance of vaccination and maintaining good hygiene behaviours. This seasonal campaign features real stories from everyday Queenslanders, who share their experiences influenza, COVID-19 and RSV.

View all campaigns
For health professionals
Informed consent
Referrals
Database, tools and apps
Clinical guidelines and procedures
Popular resources
QScript
Health Provider Portal
Waitlist audit form
Immunisation Schedule Queensland
List of approved medicines (LAM)
Careers
Current vacancies
Professional development
Employment conditions
New attraction incentives
View all career information
Health system and governance
Vision and strategy

Vision and strategy

Policies and standards

Policies and standards

Records and privacy

Records and privacy

The health of Queenslanders
Report of the Chief Health Officer Queensland

Find out what the Chief Health Officer has to say about the current state of population health in Queensland.

Find out more
Newsroom

29.12.2025

Be button battery safe this Christmas
Queensland Health is urging families to stay vigilant during the festive season. The last thing any family wants is to end up in an emergency department on Christmas Day because a child has swallowed or choked on a button battery, or inserted into
Emergency health
Children's health

23.12.2025

Accessing the care you need, when you need it this Christmas
Know where to go if you're feeling sick this Christmas.
Emergency health
Public health

21.12.2025

Have a festive feast this Christmas, not a festy one
Preparing lots of food during a hot Queensland summer can create perfect conditions for germs to grow.
Public health
Food and nutrition
All items
Sign up to our monthly newsletter

You'll receive health news, tips, and stories to help you and your loved ones live a healthy life.

Sign up

Queensland Health
Contact us

Get in touch for enquiries, feedback or complaints and compliments.

Contact us
Key links
Clinical guidelines
Job search
Employment conditions
Professional development
Informed consent
Database and tools
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Right to information
Accessibility
Jobs in Queensland Government
Other languages
Help
Follow us
 Facebook
 Instagram
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 YouTube
 TikTok

Queensland Health acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land across Queensland, and pays respect to First Nations Elders past and present.

© The State of Queensland 2025 (Queensland Health)