Best EMR Software in India | HealthPlix - AI-Powered Digital Clinic top of page Menu Close Home Product EMR & Clinic Management Hospital Management Solutions for Pharma Companies Patient App About Us Overview Press Our Values Resource Blog FAQs Pricing Clinic Solution Other Products H.A.L.O Contact Us Menu Close Home Product EMR & Clinic Management Hospital Management Solutions for Pharma Companies Patient App About Us Overview Press Our Values Resource Blog FAQs Pricing Clinic Solution Other Products H.A.L.O Contact Us Home Product EMR & Clinic Management Hospital Management Solutions for Pharma Companies Patient App About Us Overview Press Our Values Resource Blog FAQs Pricing Clinic Solution Other Products H.A.L.O Contact Us Schedule a Demo Schedule a Demo Login New feature We have just launched Our Own CRM for You Digitize your practice with India’s Largest Online & Offline EMR We’re officially HIPAA compliant!  Your privacy is now protected at the highest standards. Digitize your practice with India’s Largest Online & Offline EMR Doctors and Clinics Revolutionize healthcare management with our advanced software suite tailored for medical professionals and healthcare facilities. EMR H.A.L.O PlixConnect + See More IPD H.A.L.O PlixConnect Hospitals Optimize hospital operations with our comprehensive software suite designed for seamless management and enhanced care. + See More Robin Darwin Publication + See More Pharma Facilitate seamless doctor engagement and Real-world Evidence solutions with our specialized software solutions. Patient App ABHA Patient Empower your health & wellness journey with our patient app. Manage appointments, chat with your doctor, and much more. Launch your digital clinic on India’s No.1 EMR platform for doctors Rx in 30 Seconds Improve Patient Retention Online Consultation Module Speciality-specific Modules for Doctors Scale of HealthPlix 16 Medical Specialties Serving doctors from 16 specialities 14,000+ Doctors Supporting 14K+ doctors in improving patient care 45 Million+ Patients Improving health outcomes for 45 million+ patients 370+ Cities Available in 370+ cities Rx in 14 Languages Enabling doctors to share Rx in language of choice ISO 27001:2022 & HIPAA Certified Ensuring highest standards of data security Listen to Our Leaders Discuss the Recognition by the World Economic Forum Your data is secure with us Being a doctor-first company we understand the sensitivity of the information shared by you. We value the trust you place in us. Safeguarding your privacy is important to HealthPlix and we protect your information using the safest encryption standards and privacy-safe practices. Know more about our data security Your sensitive personal information is not shared with any third party Military-Grade 256-AES bit encryption Your patients are linked only to you HIPAA compliant Rx in 30 Seconds Improve Patient Retention Online Consultation Modules Speciality-specific Modules Launch your digital clinic on India’s No.1 EMR platform for doctors Explore More about our Recognitions and Awards Dr. Subhash Kumar Diabetologist “I have more than 10,000 patients on the HealthPlix EMR. It allows their medical records to be conveniently and safely kept in the system. At the peak of the Covid pandemic, this EMR helped me identify patients who were at high risk and reach out to them promptly ” Sanjeev Gulati, Nephrologist The best part about HealthPlix is that it allows me to send prescriptions to my patients in the language they prefer such as Hindi, Bengali, etc. With some practice and understanding of which patients can be teleconsulted and who needs to be seen in person, medical practitioners can perhaps see more patients and deliver better patient outcomes with HealthPlix. Dr. Indranil Dutta, Cardiologist What is most satisfying for me is keeping medical records safely with the HealthPlix EMR. I strongly recommend using HealthPlix EMR to meet the needs of present-day medical practice, which centers around record-keeping, close but dignified association with patients, and extends meaningful advice to SOS queries. Listen to Our Leaders Discuss the Recognition by the World Economic Forum Doctors and Clinic View Now Hospitals View Now Pharma View Now Patient View Now Our Recognitions Scale of HealthPlix 45 Million+ Patients 14,000+ Doctors 16 Medical Specialties ISO 27001:2022 & HIPAA Certified Rx in 14 Languages 370+ Cities Here's what our doctors say about HealthPlix What is most satisfying for me is keeping medical records safely with the HealthPlix EMR. I strongly recommend using HealthPlix EMR to meet the needs of present-day medical practice, which centers around record-keeping, close but dignified association with patients, and extends meaningful advice to SOS queries. Dr. Indranil Dutta Cardiologist The best part about HealthPlix is that it allows me to send prescriptions to my patients in the language they prefer such as Hindi, Bengali, etc. With some practice and understanding of which patients can be teleconsulted and who needs to be seen in person, medical practitioners can perhaps see more patients and deliver better patient outcomes with HealthPlix. Sanjeev Gulati Nephrologist I have more than 10,000 patients on the HealthPlix EMR. It allows their medical records to be conveniently and safely kept in the system. At the peak of the Covid pandemic, this EMR helped me identify patients who were at high risk and reach out to them promptly Dr. Subhash Kumar Diabetologist We’re officially HIPAA compliant! Your privacy is now protected at the highest standards. Digitize your practice with India’s Largest Online & Offline EMR Your data is secure with us Being a doctor-first company we understand the sensitivity of the information shared by you. We value the trust you place in us. Safeguarding your privacy is important to HealthPlix and we protect your information using the safest encryption standards and privacy-safe practices. Your sensitive personal information is not shared with any third party Military-Grade 256-AES bit encryption Your patients are linked only to you HIPPA compliant Location: HealthPlix Technologies Private Limited, AWFIS, Vajram Esteva, 2nd floor, No-57/4, Devarabisanahalli, Outer Ring Road, Bellandur, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560103 Email Us: support@healthplix.com Doctor Support : 18001020127 Patient Support : 18002574423 Product EMR PlixConnect ABHA Patient App Company About Us FAQs Contact Us © 2025 HealthPlix. All rights reserved. Privacy and Policy Terms of Service Home Product EMR & Clinic Management Hospital Management Solutions for Pharma Companies Patient App About Us Overview Press Our Values Resource Blog FAQs Pricing Clinic Solution Other Products H.A.L.O Contact Us bottom of page