ASTP | Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy Skip to main content Official Website of the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy/Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT Topics Close Topics Spotlight Topics View All Topics Artificial Intelligence Certification of Health IT Health Information Technology Advisory Committee (HITAC) Information Blocking Interoperability Patient Access to Health Records All Topics Clinical Quality and Safety Health IT and Health Information Exchange Basics Health IT in Health Care Settings Health IT Resources Laws, Regulation, and Policy ONC Funding Opportunities ONC HITECH Programs Privacy, Security, and HIPAA Scientific Initiatives Standards & Technology Usability and Provider Burden Blog News Close News News and Updates Events New Funding Announcements News Releases Data About ASTP Close About ASTP About ASTP Leadership Bios ASTP Budget and Performance Health IT Feedback Form Open Government @ ASTP Careers at ASTP Events Contact Us ASTP Speaker Request Form Menu Search Close Search December 2025 HTI-5 Proposed Rule Health Data, Technology, and Interoperability: ASTP/ONC Deregulatory Actions to Unleash Prosperity (HTI-5) Proposed Rule Learn More September 2025 2026 Annual Meeting Learn More September 2025 HHS Cracks Down on Health Data Blocking HHS has announced that it will increase enforcement activities with the goal of curbing the harmful practice of information blocking. Learn More Our vision is better health enabled by data News & Updates Dec 22 Health IT Updates HHS Proposes HTI-5 Rule The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), through the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy/Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ASTP/ONC), released the Health Data, Technology, and Interoperability: ASTP/ONC Deregulatory Actions to Unleash Prosperity (HTI-5) Proposed Rule. Dec 19 Blog Post HHS Wants Your Ideas to Accelerate AI in Clinical Care In collaboration with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Deputy Secretary’s office, the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy and Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ASTP/ONC) has released a request for information (RFI) focused on one big question: What would it look like if we put the whole of HHS toward accelerating the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in clinical care? Dec 16 Blog Post The Tide and the Speedboats: TEFCA and CMS-Aligned Networks In July our colleagues at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) launched an ambitious Health Technology Ecosystem pledge program . The groundswell of energy and enthusiasm for the program has been remarkable, and we’re glad to be their partner. Dec 09 Blog Post TEFCA Government Benefits Determination Implementation is Here! We all know what it’s like to get forms completed with all the right information (and to get it done quickly!), and patients seeking determinations on their eligibility for Social Security Disability Insurance know this all too well. Patients and providers often spend significant time and resources retrieving, reviewing, copying, and transmitting relevant medical records. The Department of Health and Human Services and the Social Security Administration (SSA) are taking on the challenge to improve this process through the Trusted Exchange Framework and Common Agreement™ (TEFCA™). Dec 02 Blog Post Why TEFCA’s Hardest Problem Isn’t Tech, It’s Trust It wasn’t always so, but today we have technology available to exchange health information anywhere there’s an internet connection. What’s slowing us from doing so at nationwide scale is trust . The frictions are human and institutional. They cannot be addressed exclusively with technology. In Focus Quick Links Health IT Feedback and Inquiry Portal Upcoming ASTP Events ONC Health IT Certification Program Work at ASTP Stay connected with ASTP/ONC Subscribe to our Email Updates! Email: Thank You, Check your inbox for your welcome email! Resources News Topics Archived Content Links Privacy Policy Disclaimers Viewers & Players GobiernoUSA.gov HHS Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Connect with us: Check ONC's LinkedIn Page Follow ONC on Twitter Check ONC's YouTube Channel U.S. Department of Health and Human Services The White House USAGov