HealthStream | Healthcare Workforce Management Solutions HealthStream has acquired myCNAjobs and CoachUp Care Learn More About About Us Careers Partners Executive Leadership Board of Directors Investor Relations Press Releases Awards and Reviews Events Conferences Webinars Contact Looking to buy? Need Support? Investor Relations Login Help Solutions Learning & Performance Clinical Development Credentialing Scheduling Quality & Compliance Revenue Cycle Education Resuscitation Learning Center Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Learning Experience Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Video Learning Engage your staff with high-quality training videos- made and hosted in one convenient place Reporting & Analytics Make fast, data-driven decisions that improve care quality while saving money CE Management Experience the future of Continuing Education with our comprehensive suite of tools designed to elevate your educational programs. Performance & Engagement Attract and hold on to top performers while delivering the best patient outcomes Webinar Reimagining Healthcare Learning: Technology, Experience, and the Future Watch Now Competency Development Bridge the gap between theory and practice for your nurse residents Child & Maternal Care Enhance care with solutions focused on improving the quality of care for mothers, infants, and children Acute & Emergency Care Take on staffing orientation challenges to achieve and maintain certification with ease Surgical & Sedation Care Ensure the highest standard of safety in surgical and sedation for every patient, every time Non-Acute & Ambulatory Care Step up support for patients with chronic conditions and the professionals who support them Clinical Placement Software for schools, healthcare organizations, and students to manage clinical and nursing rotations easily ON-DEMAND WEBINAR Bridging the Gap in OB Training: New Tools for Obstetric Emergency Readiness with Dr. Henry Lerner Watch Now Provider Credentialing Streamline patient care with a single source of truth for provider onboarding and credentialing Network Credentialing Don’t spend another minute struggling with provider data—with a single, tailored directory solution HealthStream CVO Extend your in-house capabilities—while enhancing patient safety—with primary source verification Provider Portfolio It's your data-collect, store, and share it your way, with one comprehensive resource Provider Validate Validate referrers at the speed of modern healthcare—via one simple interface Rep Credentialing The best courses from the best sources—it’s never been easier to keep your reps compliant Report 2025 Trends in Medical Staff Credentialing Learn More Nurse & Staff Scheduling Get smarter scheduling with tools built for the modern healthcare workforce Report 2025 Trends in Nurse Scheduling Learn More Compliance Solutions Train better behaviors to reduce risk with compliance training Quality & Safety Develop next-level people for next-level care by prioritizing quality and safety improvements Policy Management Gain peace of mind with a searchable online system that organizes, distributes, and tracks your docs Culture & Leadership Build a culture of belonging by supporting DEl, wellness, engagement, and leadership development Medical Product Training Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Workforce Validate An automated solution for healthcare license verifications, SAM and OlG exclusion and sanction monitoring to ensure a culture of compliance and patient safety. Report 2025 Trends in Quality & Compliance Report Learn More Revenue Cycle Education Transform end-to-end revenue cycle management with comprehensive education Article RCM Education: A Sound Investment in Turbulent Times Learn More BLS, ALS, PALS Certification Train to the highest standard with the most comprehensive training on the market NALS Respond confidently to neonatal emergencies in and out of the hospital Obstetric ALS Training Prepare your OB team to stabilize patients during perinatal cardiac arrest First Aid, CPR, & AED Training Improve your non-clinical staff's emergency readiness Prevention & Trend Recognition Train your acute care nurses to take decisive action when it's needed most On-demand webinar Understanding the 2025 ILCOR science updates and their impact on the American Red Cross Resuscitation Suite™ Watch Now Solutions Learning & Performance Learning Center Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Video Learning Engage your staff with high-quality training videos-made and hosted in one convenient place Reporting & Analytics Make fast, data-driven decisions that improve care quality while saving money Performance & Engagement Attract and hold on to top performers while delivering the best patient outcomes CE Management Experience the future of Continuing Education with our comprehensive suite of tools designed to elevate your educational programs. Learning Experience Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Blog The Future of Healthcare Learning: Innovation and Interoperability Learn More Clinical Development Competency Development Bridge the gap between theory and practice for your nurse residents Child & Maternal Care Enhance care with solutions focused on improving the quality of care for mothers, infants, and children Acute & Emergency Care Take on staffing orientation challenges to achieve and maintain certification with ease Surgical & Sedation Care Ensure the highest standard of safety in surgical and sedation for every patient, every time Non-Acute & Ambulatory Care Step up support for patients with chronic conditions and the professionals who support them Clinical Placement Software for schools, healthcare organizations, and students to manage clinical and nursing rotations easily ON- DEMAND WEBINAR The Art & Science of Competency Learn More Credentialing Provider Credentialing Streamline patient care with a single source of truth for provider onboarding and credentialing Network Credentialing Don't spend another minute struggling with provider data-with a single, tailored directory solution HealthStream CVO Extend your in-house capabilities-while enhancing patient safety-with primary source verification Provider Portfolio It's your data-collect, store, and share it your way, with one comprehensive resource Provider Validate Validate referrers at the speed of modern healthcare-via one simple interfaceIndustry Rep Credentialing The best courses from the best sources-it's never been easier to keep your reps compliant Report 2025 Trends in Medical Staff Credentialing Learn More Scheduling Nurse & Staff Scheduling Get smarter scheduling with tools built for the modern healthcare workforce Report 2025 Trends in Nurse Scheduling Learn More Quality & Compliance Compliance Solutions Train better behaviors to reduce risk with compliance training Quality & Safety Develop next-level people for next-level care by prioritizing quality and safety improvements Policy Management Gain peace of mind with a searchable online system that organizes, distributes, and tracks your docs Culture & Leadership Build a culture of belonging by supporting DEl, wellness, engagement, and leadership development Medical Product Training Deliver custom or industry-designed product training directly to care environments Workforce Validate An automated solution for healthcare license verifications, SAM and OlG exclusion and sanction monitoring to ensure a culture of compliance and patient safety. Report 2025 Trends in Quality & Compliance Report Learn More Revenue Cycle Education Revenue Cycle Education Transform end-to-end revenue cycle management with comprehensive education On-demand webinar NALS: A New Era in Neonatal Care is Here Learn More Resuscitation BLS, ALS, PALS Certification Train to the highest standard with the most comprehensive training on the market NALS Respond confidently to neonatal emergencies in and out of the hospital Obstetric ALS Training Prepare your OB team to stabilize patients during perinatal cardiac arrest First Aid, CPR, & AED Training Improve your non-clinical staff's emergency readiness Prevention & Trend Recognition Train your acute care nurses to take decisive action when it's needed most On-demand webinar NALS: A New Era in Neonatal Care is Here Learn More Platform hStream hStream for Learning Access a curated selection of learning benefits that connect people, systems, and content so teams can work smarter, stay compliant, and keep moving forward hStream for Credentialing Streamline credentialing with real-time, trusted data, enabling faster provider onboarding, standardized care, and quicker revenue generation hStream for Scheduling Optimize your workforce and improves patient care by offering real-time staffing solutions, equitable workload distribution, and smarter staffing decisions to reduce burnout Connection & Integration Tools Whether you're building apps, streamlining workflows, or looking to enhance productivity— the hStream Developer Portal is where it all starts Webinar How interoperability supports healthcare operations and learning Watch Now Platform hStream Platform hStream for Learning hStream for Credentialing hStream for Scheduling Connection & Integration Tools Who We Serve Acute Care Surgery Centers & Critical Access Community & Assisted Living Behavioral Health Home Health & Hospice Physicians Groups & Clinics Prehospital - EMS Skilled Nursing & Long-Term Care Urgent Care & Emergency Services Revenue Cycle Management Health Plans Federally Qualified Health Centers Customers Community Customer Stories User Groups Support Have questions? We're here to help. Find live support and free resources here for all HealthStream customers. Login Help Trouble accessing your account? Take your next steps here. Resources Blog Events Webinars Articles, White Papers and eBooks Customer Stories Developer Portal Research Product Briefs Store hStream Content Marketplace Access over 35k courses in healthcare’s #1 content marketplace Nursegrid Learn Your whole nursing career, right at your fingertips CME Courses Stay up-to-date with the latest in continuing medical education Rep Direct Keep your reps in check—with vendor credentialing courses Collaboratives Pool your resources for more performance—and buying power Nursegrid Learn The S.T.A.B.L.E. Program Learn More About About Us Careers Partners Executive Leadership Board of Directors Investor Relations Press Releases Awards and Reviews Events Conferences Webinars Contact Looking to buy? Need Support? Investor Relations Login Help Request Demo Search Search Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Software that transforms healthcare workforce management We help organizations support their greatest asset—people. Our healthcare-enabling technology transforms the world of work for over five million healthcare professionals every day. Explore Solutions Trusted by over 5,000+ healthcare organizations Ranked #1 in Healthcare Software In February 2025, G2 ranked HealthStream’s Learning Center #1 among the 50 Best Healthcare Software Products. Additionally, CredentialStream (#5) and SafetyQ & ComplyQ (#46) earned spots in the top 50, reinforcing our commitment to innovation in healthcare. Your healthcare workforce solutions, all in one place We consolidate and optimize the tools you need for a thriving workplace into a unified ecosystem—unlocking efficiency, elevating safety, and minimizing risk so your team can deliver the highest quality of care. Learning Empower your people to deliver the best care with healthcare’s #1 learning platform Engage and retain staff Develop competent caregivers Improve care outcomes Learn More Clinical Development Develop and engage next-level clinicians to deliver the highest quality of care Promote a culture of lifelong learning Elevate quality across the organization Build expertise and retain top talent Learn More Credentialing Improve patient care with primary source verification Create a single source of truth Get providers seeing patients faster Improve care outcomes Learn More Scheduling Proactively fill gaps in staffing and increase staff engagement Increase staff efficiency Improve real-time visibility Enhance communication Learn More Quality & Compliance Meet regulatory requirements, address health equity, and ensure patient privacy and safety Ensure compliance Mitigate risk Build culture Learn More Revenue Cycle Elevate staff competency and reduce coding errors Protect your bottom line Streamline reimbursement strategy Mitigate costly errors Learn More Resuscitation Train to the highest standard and improve your outcomes in every care setting Improve proficiency Easily meet regulatory requirements Enhance team coordination and communication Learn More CredentialStream® by HealthStream achieves HITRUST r2 Certification The highest standard in healthcare data security. Learn More Powered by Healthcare's people platform™ hStream connects everything in your HealthStream ecosystem, supporting seamless interoperability that enhances everyday workforce efficiency. Learning Scheduling Quality & Compliance Reimbursement Credentialing Clinical Development Resuscitation Innovative products—for the future of healthcare work We build technologies to foster a more connected workplace—where people flourish and care thrives. Support workforce development with role-based competency assessments and personalized learning Learn More Accelerate provider credentialing, privileging, and enrollment with a seamless, compliance-focused solution. Learn More Deliver engaging, personalized healthcare training that boosts skills, compliance, and performance. Learn More Equip neonatal care teams with the skills and confidence to handle critical situations and save newborn lives. Learn More Train to the highest standard with evidence-based materials that improve readiness, retention, and outcomes. Learn More Simplify clinical rotations with a centralized solution for coordination, compliance, and student readiness. Learn More See what our customers are saying 9/11/2024 HealthStream LMS and Performance Healthstream has been a game changer for our annual learning. We have easily been able to use their developed content for the majority of our needs, but it also makes it incredilby simple to create to create education as the need arises. 10/5/2024 System works great for hospital organization Our organization utilizes CredentialStream for everything and being able to use one site is excellent. We really like the quick verify for DEA licenses as you are no longer able to access the DEA website to cehck licenses. This makes it very easy... 8/7/2024 Policies made easy!!! Having all of our documentation in one location made for easy sign-offs and staying compliant with review timelines. Implementation team was so easy to work with and support is available whenever we need something. 2/19/2025 Easy access for staff, comprehensive content HealthStream JANE Al is a fantastic tool for healthcare organizations looking to enhance their training and development programs. Its Al-powered personalization, thorough content, and efficient tracking tools make it an excellent choice for... 1/21/2025 Great products to fit our needs! SPANISH SQ available! HealthStream offers a variety of products to fit our training needs regardless of clinical or non-clinical education needs. They are helpful and customer service is excellent. We have recently started to utilize their Spanish SQ courses for our... 8/7/2024 I'm a huge fan of this software, it is easy to use and the customer service team is AMAZING! Outside of the ease of use, the greatest value of HealthStream is its customer service support. I my 38+ years of being in the Learning and Development space, I have never encounterd a more valuable and trusted partner. 11/12/2024 Fantastic features for Graduate Nurses We are using Checklists to document training and skill verification typically reviewed by Joint Commission. Having it available in the HealthStream system vs bringing paper folders or binders to a review session is great! 6/11/2024 One-Stop Shop for all your Credentialing needs CredentialStream is very flexible and can be personalized to meet your needs. The system may not have been designed for an FQHC, but we have been able to tailor it to meet our needs and have a fully-functioning, paper free credentialing system. We... 6/3/2024 Policy Manager is a Game Changer This product is fantastic! The way we've implemented policy is much more efficient! There's also more freedom to help me in other areas of compliance like tracking accreditation requirements. Capabilities to get ahead—experience to keep you there Get to Know HealthStream 5,000+ Healthcare Customers 5.5M+ Healthcare Professionals 75+ World-class Partners 20 Patents 1000+ Employees TN Based in Nashville, TN Unparalleled access—unbeatable benefits Joining HealthStream means more than just onboarding—it’s a gateway to exclusive tools, expert support, and continuous growth. From day one, you’re part of a connected ecosystem designed to save time, boost efficiency, and elevate your success HealthStream Academy Training and resources built for you—accessible anytime, designed to fit your workflow, and focused on real-world impact. Customer Support Here when you need us—with expert guidance, real solutions, and support you can count on. HealthStream Community Partnering with HealthStream means more than just training—you gain a network. Connect with industry peers, tap into exclusive resources, and get the support you need, when you need it. 75+ world-class organizations, one powerful partnership We're proud to partner with some of the best in the business. Through our exclusive partner network, you can gain access to a vast array of expertise, resources, and content that will inspire engagement and elevate performance across your organization and its people. Ready to transform your healthcare workforce? Discover how HealthStream can help you build a better-prepared, more confident, seamlessly connected workforce. Start your transformation today. Request Demo Terms Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Quick Links About Careers Investors Press Resources Contact Connect Get the latest industry news Contact Us 615.301.3100 Corporate Address: 500 11th Ave N, Suite 850, Nashville, TN 37203 © 2025 HealthStream