Skip to main content
Heart Attack and Stroke Symptoms
Volunteer
Learn CPR
ShopHeart
Donate Once
Donate Monthly
Healthy Living
Health Topics
Professionals
Get Involved
Ways to Give
About Us
Learn CPR
In Your Community
×
YEAR-END 5X MATCH ENDS SOON
Give the gift of more time with a year-end tax-deductible donation now that will go FIVE TIMES as far to help save lives.
Donate Once Donate Monthly
 American Heart Association
5X Match to Give Families More Time
Make your tax-deductible year-end gift today. Every dollar is 5X MATCHED to help create more moments, more holidays, more life for families facing cardiovascular disease, America's No. 1 killer.
Donate Once
Donate Monthly
CPR and ECC Training

Be prepared for an emergency: Learn CPR. Save a life.

Support Network Community

Join our online community of patients, survivors and caregivers.

Professional Membership

Build your professional career and start making an impact today.

Volunteer Opportunities

Help us create a healthier world free of heart disease and stroke.

How we are changing the future of health together
Since the American Heart Association’s founding in 1924, deaths from cardiovascular diseases have been cut in half. And yet, there are still so many lives to be saved. By driving breakthroughs in science, policy and care, together we can continue to advance health and transform lives every day.
19 Million+
High blood pressure patients helped
Our high blood pressure quality care initiative ensures lifesaving care for people at risk for heart disease.
$6 Billion+
Invested in pioneering research leading to lifesaving breakthroughs
The American Heart Association is the largest non-profit, non-governmental funder of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular research.
22 Million
People trained in CPR every year
9 out of 10 people who have a cardiac arrest outside of the hospital die. If performed immediately, CPR can double or triple a person's chances of survival.
Learn more about our impact
5X Match Expires Soon

For a very limited time, your year-end tax-deductible donation works FIVE TIMES harder to fund groundbreaking research and prevention programs proven to help make more time possible for people facing cardiovascular disease. Give today!

Donate Once
Donate Monthly
Dr. Edward Cooper, pioneering Heart Association president, dies at 99
From pioneering stroke research to shaping the future of medicine for all, Dr. Cooper's legacy endures. The American Heart Association proudly honors the inspiring dedication of our 1992-93 president.
Remembering Dr. Edward Cooper
Wrap Up Something Delicious!

This holiday season give the gift of The New American Heart Association Cookbook, which offers more than 800 healthy, delicious recipes to satisfy every palate.

Order your gifts today
The Power of Rural

We are commemorating the resilience, innovation, and community spirit that power rural and tribal America, and the people working every day to improve access to quality care.

Learn more about how we’re supporting rural health
Did you know your mouth can be a window into your heart health?

Chronic gum inflammation and oral pathogens play a role in cardiovascular health, contributing to systemic inflammation and elevated blood pressure. Dental professionals are uniquely positioned to detect early signs of systemic disease, including elevated blood pressure.

Explore the American Heart Association’s Healthy Smiles, Healthy Hearts™ initiative
News and Stories
News and Stories from the American Heart Association
Read more News and Stories

Dec 17, 2025

Heart Association highlights 2025’s major research findings
Before you toast, know the risks of ‘holiday heart syndrome’

Dec 15, 2025

Around the American Heart Association

The ‘gift’ of a heart transplant gave him another chance at life – and a new purpose

Dec 18, 2025

She learned CPR at her new American Heart Association job. Two weeks later, she saved her dad’s life.

Dec 11, 2025

Simple ways to reduce inflammation and protect your heart

Dec 8, 2025

Mom changes her approach to health after a heart attack at theater

Dec 4, 2025

What is CKM syndrome, and why should young adults pay attention?

Dec 1, 2025

Just days before Thanksgiving, she had a stroke on a train

Nov 24, 2025

What to expect when you become a caregiver– and how to cope with the challenges

Nov 20, 2025

Join us in saving lives

Get updates on groundbreaking research, inspiring survivor stories, and ways you can help save lives—all delivered to your inbox.

Sign up for updates from the American Heart Association
Find a Heart Walk in your area
Heart Walk is the American Heart Association's premiere event for raising funds to help save lives from heart disease and stroke.
Find a Heart Walk near you

Donate today to help end heart disease and stroke for everyone.

Donate Now

*All health/medical information on this website has been reviewed and approved by the American Heart Association, based on scientific research and American Heart Association guidelines. Find more information on our content editorial process.

National Center
7272 Greenville Ave.
Dallas, TX 75231

Customer Service
1-800-242-8721

Contact Us



Hours
Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. CT 
Saturday: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. CT
Closed on Sundays

Tax Identification Number
13-5613797

About Us
About the AHA/ASA
Our Impact
Annual Report
Financial Information
International Programs
Latest Heart and Stroke News
Media Newsroom
Careers
Get Involved
Donate Now
Make a Memorial Gift
Ways to Give
Advocate
Volunteer
Go Red For Women
ShopHeart
ShopCPR
Our Sites
American Heart Association
American Stroke Association
CPR & ECC
Professional Heart Daily
More Sites
Careers
Privacy Policy
Medical Advice Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
Copyright Policy
Ethics Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Linking Policy
Whistleblower Policy
Content Editorial Guidelines
Suppliers & Providers
State Fundraising Notices
Cookies Settings



©2025 American Heart Association, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited.
The American Heart Association is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization.
*Red Dress ™ DHHS, Go Red ™ AHA ; National Wear Red Day® is a registered trademark.

American Heart Association, Inc. uses information collected through cookies to improve your experience on our websites, analyze how it is used, and show personalized content, including advertisements. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies