Search
Status Blog Support Contact log in 
 Domains
Register a domain

Use our search tool to discover your ideal domain.

Domain Credits

Use Domain Credits to unlock discounts when you buy in bulk.

 Email
 Web Hosting
 VPS
Virtual Private Servers

Get dedicated resources for less

Managed VPS

Leave security and uptime to us

 SSL
WordPress Hosting
WordPress Hosting

Affordable hosting optimised for WordPress users

WordPress Pro

WordPress hosting designed for running multiple sites

WordPress Ecommerce

Hosting that’s fully tailored for WooCommerce stores

Dedicated Servers

For technical issues relating to your hosting please use our Support database

View Support database



For information on the status of the Heart servers please use our status page

View server status
 Search
 Domains from 99p
Plus discounts on single year domains

Start fresh for less in 2026

 Web Hosting - VPS - Domain Names - SSL - Business Email Get 20% off a off Web Hosting + get a free domain name (save £11.99) and SSL (save £49.99) At checkout

use code jan26

Award-winning hosting with great value domains
Web Hosting
£3.39/mo
55% off First year with code jan26
+VAT at 20% - billed annually SEE HOSTING PLANS
Free domain name -1st year
Unlimited bandwidth
1 Basic migration
Business Email
From only 99p/mo
55% off First year with code jan26
+VAT at 20% - billed monthly SEE EMAIL PLANS
Feature-rich inbox
Quick and easy setup
Reliable, secure hosting
Got a question? Our Support Database may have the answer,
or log in to raise a ticket for support and access live chat
*Please note: you will need to accept cookies to see and use our live chat service.
Great value domain names
Register your perfect domain name today at a perfect price, excluding VAT at 20%
 Search
£9.99/yr

only £5.99* /yr


£13.99/yr

only £9.99* /yr
£9.99/yr

only £5.99* /yr



* Terms & Conditions apply

Why choose Heart Internet


With a timeline that dates back to 2004, Heart Internet is an adept provider of domain names, webhosting and virtual private servers. Customers from the length and breadth of the UK and Europe depend on the company for the tech that supports their blogs, businesses and IT operations.
With Heart Internet, customers can count on affordable prices, always-evolving technical solutions, and – above all – an expertly trained support team that can be contacted seven days a week.
It’s not just our
logo that’s green.
All our hosting packages are powered by 100% Renewable Energy

Energy usage verified by the Green Web Foundation.

Award winning hosting
Services
Domain Names
Email
Web Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Virtual Private Servers
Dedicated Servers
Company
About Heart Internet
Our Awards
Contact Us
Testimonials and Reviews


Read our blog
©2026 Heart Internet Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms and conditions - Consent Preferences - Privacy Policy - Privacy Centre - Sitemap
VAT Number: 467683539
Company number: 15319281