hear.com  | The World’s Leading Online Provider of Hearing Aids Hearing Aids Hearing Loss Resources About Us Support (786) 526-0602 Hearing Aids We carry the top rated hearing aids from the leading manufacturers in the industry. Click on the links to see an overview of the latest technology and prices. Horizon Hearing Aids Hearing Aids Prices Technology Manufacturers How to Choose A Hearing Aid Hearing Loss We only work with the most knowledgeable experts in the industry. The pages to the right provide information about hearing loss and how hearing aids can help. Hearing Loss Symptoms Sudden Sensorineural Conductive Resources Explore our resource center for expert recommendations, answers to frequently asked questions, and the most relevant information on modern hearing care. Hearing Loss Hearing Aids Hearing Aids Success FAQ Hearing Test Videos About Us hear.com provides free consultations and top-of-the-line hearing aids. Your perfect hearing aid is just a phone call away! Request a consultation now. Why hear.com The hear.com Experience Our Network Testimonials Awards Check If You Qualify Hearing Aids Horizon Hearing Aids Hearing Aids Prices Technology Manufacturers How to Choose A Hearing Aid Hearing Loss Hearing Loss Symptoms Sudden Sensorineural Conductive Resources Hearing Loss Hearing Aids Hearing Aids Success FAQ Hearing Test Videos About Us Why hear.com The hear.com Experience Our Network Testimonials Awards Support hear.com: The Best Hearing Aids & Care For Hearing Loss hear.com’s hearing aids will change your life Check if you qualify for a no-risk trial Horizon IX hearing aids by Nearly invisible designs Smartphone connectivity Best speech clarity 2024 BIG Innovation Award Winner Read More 2024 BIG Innovation Award Winner Read More Get started. Click on your state below: Don’t see your state? Click here Newest hearing technology Super-fast sound processing Speech-enhancing algorithms Best-in-class features like Bluetooth, rechargeability and more Top hearing professionals 2,000+ across the US In-person and telehealth appointments Personalized hearing assessments & fittings Success guaranteed Customized Hearing Success Program ® 45-day no-risk trial to ensure success 100% money-back guarantee Trustpilot Over 540,000 happy customers Click to hear their stories "It was almost like I was colorblind with my ears and all of a sudden I could hear color in audio form." Martin, age 55, active pilot "If I could do one thing for one person, it would be for them to hear what I’m now hearing and experience it through the approach of hear.com." Scott, age 62, radio host "This past Christmas, it seemed that everyone was mumbling. I had my ears examined and 50% hearing loss. I was shocked!" Helen, age 67, retired What are you waiting for? Check our testimonials At hear.com we believe everyone should hear well to live well. Regardless of your hearing needs, budget and lifestyle, we'll make it easy and find the right hearing aids for you. (786) 526-0602 Curious about the cost of hearing aids? Get your free guide today: Get Guide Error! Try again later. Your guide is on the way! By signing up to receive our guide, you'll be opted in to receive marketing emails from hear.com Trustpilot Careers Press Become a Partner Audiologist Contact Privacy Policy HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Imprint Terms & Conditions AdChoices Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA Residents Only) (786) 526-0602 Curious about the cost of hearing aids? Get your free guide today: Get Guide Error! Try again later. Your guide is on the way! By signing up to receive our guide, you'll be opted in to receive marketing emails from hear.com Follow us: hear.com/audibene international: Take our free 2-minute question-based hearing test! It will help you make an informed decision on treating your hearing loss. Take the Test