This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Accept
Decline
🔥NEW PRODUCT🔥 Heatmap Web Analytics
Product
Pricing
Resources
Partners
Book a Demo
Login
Get Started
Trusted by 1,000+ ecom brands
The only heatmap that tells ecommerce brands how to make more money

heatmap is the only on-site analytics platform that ties revenue to every pixel on every page of your website.  Finally, you can optimize for buyer behavior instead of site traffic.

Get Started
Watch the Demo
#1 Heatmap Analytics Tool For Tracking Revenue on Ecommerce Websites
Revenue Per Click:
$6.86
Monthly Revenue:
$2,083,417
Revenue Per Session:
$3.07
THE PROBLEM
Impulse Buying? In This Economy?!

Today, everything is a considered purchase. It takes more time and money to acquire customers. And yet…
Most brands still use the wrong metrics to optimize their websites.

OLD WAY
Clicks + Visits ≠ Cash

Legacy on-site analytics tools show you heatmaps, scrollmaps, and screen recordings based on site visits. If you sell pageviews, that’s great. But if you sell products, why would you waste time and money optimizing for tire kickers?

NEW WAY
Revenue > Everything

heatmap is the only on-site analytics platform in the world with revenue attribution on every element of your website. This means you can measure the actions behind every transaction (and make changes accordingly).  

MAKE MORE MONEY FASTER
On-site analytics,  meet revenue
Revenue-based heatmaps

The first and only heatmap to show revenue of every click on every element on your website. Analyze static and dynamic elements with interactive mode. Slice data with filters like Purchases, Average Order Value, and Traffic Source, or create your own custom segments.

Revenue-based scrollmap

Seeing user dropoff is cool, but seeing revenue dropoff down your page? Sheeeesh. Use it to understand the sections of your website that’re underperforming (and which you need to move up).

heatmapAI

We combined trillions of owned data points with CRO tactics honed optimizing $4B+ in ecommerce revenue to create AI that gives specific website improvements to drive higher revenue per session.

Revenue-based screen recordings

You’ve used heatmaps and scrollmaps to understand how customers interact with your website in the aggregate. Now drill deep and watch exactly what your best customers do on their path to purchase.

Surveys

Mind reading for marketers (sort of) Stop guessing. Start asking. Learn what’s working, what’s broken, and what’s quietly tanking your revenue.

Funnels

Find where your money leaks. See where users drop off, what’s causing the friction, and where your conversions are dying a slow, quiet death.

Web Analytics

Not your average nerdy dashboard. All the metrics you actually care about, none of the BS. Built to grow your revenue, not your headaches.

Split Test & Ad Integrations

Get native ad integrations (Meta, Google, TikTok, X, and more) and split test integrations (Intelligems, Visually, Shoplify and more) to analyze your data deeper!

LITERALLY ANYONE CAN DO IT
Get started in less than two minutes
Install

heatmap works on any CMS (even that funky custom one you regret). Setup is simple. The tag is SUPER small (<8kb) and asynchronous so it won’t affect site speed. Setup is stupid simple. Need help? We’re here (but you won’t).

Wait???

Grab a coffee. Scroll TikTok. Live your life. Your revenue data is already rolling in.

Profit

See exactly what’s making you money (and what’s just taking up space). Use revenue-powered heatmaps, scrollmaps, and recordings to optimize your site. More clarity, more cash. Repeat.


DO YOU ASK A DOLPHIN HOW IT SWIMS?
What’s with the revenue per session stuff?

Revenue Per Session (RPS) is our north star. Why?

Because conversion rate is a vanity stat and most other CRO metrics are noise. RPS is the only number that tells you if your site is actually making money. That’s why everything we build is designed to maximize it.

If you care about revenue (not just pretty charts), ride the lightning with us.

THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN
Don’t just take our word for it
Nik Sharma
@mrsharma

My favorite sound I can hear all the way from Brooklyn is the alarm bells that go off every time someone new signs up for heatmap and decides they are ready to take their site to the next level  

(Love the new site design too)

Ashvin Melwani
@ashvinmelwani

With heatmap, I've been able to figure out what elements actually increase AOV and optimize our landing pages to drive more first purchase profitability, we're up 23% YoY

Oliver Kenyon | CRO
@oliverkenyon

heatmap is a non-negotiable for all Ecom stores!

Read this now!

Spencer Pawliw
@spencepawliw

Winning Split Tests #1 - Collection Page Optimization

+ $71,286 per month in revenue with 97% significance.

How You Can Do It:
1: Download heatmap.com
2: Wait for 5k sessions
3: Reorganize products based on the highest revenue per session from top left to bottom right.

Ellis
@ecomlion

How to never “guess” again how to optimize your CRO?

Use AI to identify your Conversion Killers & Revenue Drivers + what to optimize on your website.

Way to go
@DylanAnder with this killer -> heatmap

Sarah 🦕
@SarahLevinger

My top 6 tools:

@DylanAnder's new heatmap tool for rev-click ID.@KnoCommerce
 for post purchase surveys.

Because of this data, we are now  adjusting those pages to optimize conversion

heatmap is truly sick



Nick Harris
@NickD2C

Don’t sleep on heatmap! You could be just a few tweaks away from changing the course of your business.

Sam Preston
@HeySamPreston

Do you know how your customer engagement connects with your revenue? No? Then run, don't walk, to checkout heatmap

This is a dope product. Game changer.

Jordan Ross
@jordan_ross_8F

My lead developer sent me a full list of where my website traffic goes to one my website and what they click on

Because of this data, we are now adjusting those pages to optimize conversion

heatmap is truly sick

Get Started
CASE STUDIES
Your favorite DTC brands optimize for more revenue with heatmap

Turns out, guessing isn’t a growth strategy. That’s why the smart brands (and the agencies working with them) use heatmap’s actual revenue data to make decisions. Don’t take our word for it, check out what they say.

Book a Demo
All revenue everything

"I've been able to figure out what elements actually increase AOV and optimize our landing pages to drive more first purchase profitability, we're up 23% YoY."

Ash Melwani, CMO @ Obvi

+23%

Increase in first-purchase profitability YoY

+7.81%

Increase in Revenue per Session

ATTENTION AGENCIES
Your clients get results. You get the credit.

Want better results for your clients?  heatmap plugs into your playbook so you look like a CRO wizard. Win-win.

Partner With Us
Frequently Asked Questions
How does heatmap track revenue on my website?

We have a unique User ID per session on your website. With a snippet in your site header and thank you page, we’re able to track all your transactions with revenue and all the pre-purchase actions someone took on your website.


Does heatmap work on every website?

Yes! Any CMS (Shopify, Wordpress, WooCommerce, Webflow, Clickfunnels, etc) as well as fully custom websites. We built custom snippets for each platform to track revenue.

Will this slow down my website?

No! We built Website-Speed Protection into our product to be faster than all competitors. Our snippet is only 8kb. We split-tested over $2 million in revenue with and without Heatmap.com and there was no change in performance!

How long does it take to install?

Two minutes or less. Our onboarding walks you through step-by-step (with videos) to show you how to install the snippets.

Do I need developers to install heatmap?

Probably not! You only need to install snippets which you can copy & paste from Heatmap.com’s Onboarding docs.

Can I install heatmap on Google Tag Manager?

Yes you can! You’ll need to make sure your goal settings are lined-up with the default Heatmap.com tracking metrics. If not, our developers will handle this for you!

Is heatmap GDPR Compliant?

Yes. 100% GDPR compliant.

You made it all the way down here?

Might as well give us a shot, right? It'll change the way you approach CRO. We promise. In fact, our friend Nate over at Original Grain used element-level revenue data from heatmap to identify high-impact areas of his website to test, resulting in a  17% lift in Revenue per Session while scaling site traffic by 43%. Be like Nate. Try heatmap today.

Quick Links
Product
Pricing
Knowledge Base
Partners
Blog
Events
Book a Demo
Newsletter
Research
Glossary
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Connect

Sign up for Conversion Party™️, our weekly CRO newsletter. You’ll learn all kinds of neat stuff (or your money back).

©2025 Heatmap, Inc.