Home - The Hechinger Report Close Search for: Search Newsletters About Donate Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed Close Skip to content The Hechinger Report Covering Innovation & Inequality in Education Newsletters About Donate Open Search Search for: Search Menu Home 11 numbers that capture the Trump effect on education The president’s second term quickly shook up life for students, parents and educators Probes into racism in schools stall under Trump Parents say racist incidents are going unchecked after the Education Department’s Office for Civil Rights retreated from investigating schools in Lubbock County, Texas Under Trump, protecting students’ civil rights looks very different Maryland students were being mistreated until the Justice Department intervened. Colorado parents worry the DOJ, with its new mission, may not help the same way A new ‘solution’ to student homelessness: A parking lot where students can sleep safely in their cars A California community college started its Safe Parking Program for housing-insecure students, while other colleges have students sleeping in alumni’s homes, napping pods, Airbnbs, even an assisted living facility How education changed in one year under Trump Trump administration makes good on many Project 2025 education goals Fear, fatigue, gratitude: Students, parents and educators on the new Trump administration’s first year How Trump 2.0 upended education research and statistics in one year Trump and education Tracking Trump: How he’s dismantling the Education Department and more A week-by-week look at what the president has done so far on education 5 years after California banned holding college students’ transcripts hostage for unpaid debt, some colleges neglect the law Immigration enforcement is driving away early childhood educators Trump’s attacks on DEI may hurt men in college admission Opinion OPINION: Beyond DEI offices, colleges are dismantling all kinds of programs related to equity OPINION: Workforce Pell can lead to good jobs for students if they get the support needed for long-term success OPINION: Colleges too often drop the ball on student-athlete mental health, and that’s a big mistake TEACHER VOICE: Students must be taught about the potential harms of AI along with its benefits Going To College? Try our tools for finding the right campus. How much will it cost? Tuition Tracker shows the difference between a college’s “sticker price” and the actual cost of attending. Will you fit in? The College Welcome Guide is a collection of interactive charts and maps that help you assess campus culture. Beyond the Rankings: The College Welcome Guide More tools The Offer Letter Decoder helps college applicants understand the financial aid offer letter they receive from a college or university. Our database of colleges that offer child care helps you find institutions that accommodate student-parents. Send us a tip : You can reach out to The Hechinger Report in many different ways ! Subscribe today! Get our stories delivered straight to your inbox. Select your newsletters: Weekly Update Elementary to High School Higher Education Proof Points Climate Change Early Childhood CAPTCHA Email (Required) Δ Most-read stories OPINION: Beyond DEI offices, colleges are dismantling all kinds of programs related to equity How education changed in one year under Trump To employers, AI skills aren’t just for tech majors anymore Trump administration makes good on many Project 2025 education goals Why one reading expert says 'just-right' books are all wrong Inequality is the biggest story in education. We investigate disparities and solutions that might close the gaps. We’re a nonprofit and provide this in-depth independent journalism to you for free… But we need your support. DONATE EARLY CHILDHOOD 5 early ed highlights from 2025 What the US can teach other countries about home-based child care One state made preschool free. Then dozens of child care centers closed in its largest city More Early Childhood Elementary to High School A Republican homeschooling mom came to love her public schools. Now she’s fighting other conservatives she thinks will destroy them She wanted to keep her son in his school district. It was more challenging than it seemed Do male teachers make a difference? Not as much as some think More Elementary to High School Higher education The US wants more apprenticeships. The UK figured out how to make them coveted roles Nursing apprenticeships are starting to fix a broken career ladder, amid national shortage No college degree, no problem? Not so fast More Higher Education The Hechinger Report covers education from birth through college with authority, independence and depth. Get our stories in your inbox every Tuesday. Email (Required) CAPTCHA Δ Math Matters Unequal offerings, unequal outcomes: We explore the nation’s math education crisis Some social emotional lessons improve how kids do at school, Yale study finds Tutoring was supposed to save American kids after the pandemic. The results? ‘Sobering’ Taking on racial bias in early math lessons SURVEY:  What do you want to learn about math education? What are journalists missing when they write about math education? More math stories Math in Motion Watch these video explainers featuring some of our recent math reporting Remembering our friend and colleague Fazil Khan, a year later Khan, who moved to the U.S. from India to attend Columbia Journalism School, was a beloved colleague and star data journalist dedicated to exposing injustice Climate change vs. schools The toll of climate change on kids and how education adapts. Climate change ‘is the new liberal arts’: Colleges build environmental lessons into degrees Teachers unions leverage contracts to fight climate change Big Oil should help foot the bill for lost school time, students say Climate change: Are we ready? Child care under strain The American child care system is fragile. One city’s big bet on finding badly needed early educators — and getting them to stay Child care workers are building a network of resistance against ICE 5 cheat sheets for parents of preschoolers How young is too young for gifted testing? Hechinger en Español te trae nuestros artículos en tu idioma Cubrimos noticias sobre educación e igualdad en EE.UU., desde preescolar hasta la universidad y más allá. Texas fue pionero en dar matrículas estatales para los inmigrantes indocumentados. Ahora está dando marcha atrás. El sistema de cuidado infantil de Estados Unidos depende de los inmigrantes. Sin ellos, podría colapsar El College Board cancela programa de premios para estudiantes negros y latinos de alto rendimiento Lee más aquí Interactive stories Try our interactive tools that will help you understand some of education’s most pressing issues. About us We cover inequality and innovation in education with in-depth journalism  that uses research, data and stories from classrooms and campuses to  show the public how education can be improved and why it matters. Learn more about us Media Partners Our collaborations with news organizations across the nation enable us to reach even wider audiences. All media partners About Our Impact Topics Interactives Use Our Stories Corrections Newsletters Sponsorship Jobs © 2025 The Hechinger Report Powered by Newspack Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed Gift this article Close Link Copy link