Heddels - Own Things You Want to Use Forever. close Sales News Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Education 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Profiles Fades Brand Profiles Interviews Store Profiles Podcast ··· About Us Editorial Policy Dictionary Contact Advertising Jobs Giveaways Heddels Sales News Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Education 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Profiles Fades Brand Profiles Interviews Store Profiles Podcast ··· About Us Editorial Policy Dictionary Contact Advertising Jobs Giveaways Start Here Follow Subscribe to Heddels Don’t miss a single Heddels post. Sign up for our
                                        free newsletter below! Shop Shop The History of Ugly Christmas Sweaters History We look at the kitschy winter sweater and the slippery slope from which it devolved from Scandinavian greatness to something else entirely. Read More Fade Friday – Iron Heart IH-666-XHS (3 Years, 2 Months, Unknown Washes) Fade Friday Read More Sales Shortlist – Dec 18 Read More Omoto Denim Interview – The Weekly Rundown Weekly Rundown Read More Clear Horizons – A Roadworthy Gift Guide with Shinzo Tamura How to Buy Read More The Latest Popular 101 Primers 7 Weave Patterns to Know – Twill, Basketweave, Satin, and More Woven fabrics can be endlessly complex, we demystify some of the most common weave patterns including Twill, Satin, Jacquard, Dobby, and more. Read More by Oli Stevenson 2 years ago 101 Primers Shoe Anatomy 101 – Vamp, Welt, Quarter and More Need the lowdown on what's going on down low on your shoes? Check out out quick anatomy guide that will get you up to speed on the terms you need to know. Read More by Oli Stevenson 8 years ago Lists Raw Japanese Denim: A Beginner’s Guide to Japan’s Biggest Labels We run down the most important Japanese denim labels, their most iconic jean silhouettes, and where to buy them. Read More by Oli Stevenson 1 year ago 101 Primers Understanding Camo: The 13 Patterns to Know We break down the most historically significant military camo patterns of the last 100 years and how designers use them today. Read More by Oli Stevenson 8 months ago New Releases Knickerbocker NYC’s Bay Jacket Makes Use of Technical Olmotex Waxed Fabric Even though there's one name you associate with waxed jackets, Knickerbocker has given them a run for their money with its Bay Jacket. Read More by Oli Stevenson 3 hours ago History The Halbstarke – Switzerland’s 1960s Greaser Outcasts We provide insight into The Halbstarke, a Swiss subculture that embraced Americana fashion to rebel against post-war conservatism. Read More by Luke McDonald 6 hours ago Latest News Crown Northampton Offers Discounted Samples in “From the Stockroom” Event Every pair in the event is priced individually, based on grade and condition, with the event running from until January 4, 2026. Read More by James 1 day ago New Releases Stay on Track with Iron & Resin’s Hill Hickory Stripe Jacket Some of the most handsome fabrics were born out of necessity. Denim is the most obvious example, but look a… Read More by James 5 days ago New Releases American Trench’s WF Vest Makes Use of Premium American Merino Wool Fleece Layering season is here for the foreseeable and this nifty number from American Trench has got you covered. Well, apart from your arms. Read More by Oli Stevenson 5 days ago From
                The Shop Denim Wash The Teamster Tee - Short-Sleeve White The Teamster Hoodie - Charcoal The Quint Hat 2 - Quint's Revenge Fade Friday Fade Friday – Iron Heart IH-666-XHS (3 Years, 2 Months, Unknown Washes) This pair of Iron Heart 25 oz. IH-666-XHS raw denim jeans have heavyweight fades and epic scars from a live well lived. Read More by James 5 days ago New Releases Chup Makes a Bold Claim with its “Life Long” Cordura Socks Japan's Chup socks appears to have made some of the strongest socks in the world with its Cordura infused 'Life Long' Socks. Read More by Oli Stevenson 1 week ago New Releases Railcar Launches New Wide Leg ‘Switcher’ Fit Jeans It’s well documented that fits are getting wider. If you’re still waiting to make the jump, Railcar is offering you… Read More by Oli Stevenson 1 week ago Fade Friday Fade Friday – Warehouse 660 (9 Years, 7 Months, Unknown Washes, 10 Soaks) Feast your eyes on a nearly shredded pair of Warehouse & Co. 660 raw denim jeans after nearly a decade of wear. Read More by Bryan Shettig 1 week ago New Releases TCB Releases New “Baggy” Version of its 50s Jeans Baggy's back! But we're not talking about a JNCO '90s bagginess here, we're turning to another acronym: TCB Jeans and their Baggy 50s Jeans. Read More by Oli Stevenson 1 week ago Load More Get Heddels delivered to your inbox daily Stay up to date with the latest on new releases, features, and new shop products by
                            subscribing to our free daily newsletter. Subscribe Popular The Complicated History of the Moccasin By Albert Muzquiz What Do Cobblers Do? How Shoes Can Be Altered By Amy Miles 7 Weave Patterns to Know – Twill, Basketweave, Satin, and More By James The Rough History of Biker Cuts By Albert Muzquiz Help & Info About Advertising Contact Shop Jobs News Announcement Events Latest News New Releases Weekly Rundown Education FAQ Dictionary 101 Primers History How To Op-Ed Buying Guides Five Plus One Lists Reviews Profiles Fades Item Number One Brand Profiles Store Profiles Interviews (c) 49 Oz. 2011 - 2025 | All Rights Reserved Sitemap Privacy Policy Policy and Disclosures