Hello future | Hedera Skip to content Solutions Services & Products Token Service Consensus Service Smart Contract Service Asset Tokenization Studio Stablecoin Studio AI Studio Sustainability Studio (Guardian) HashSphere Support Use Cases Asset Tokenization Artificial Intelligence (AI) Sustainability Payments Decentralized Identity Decentralized Finance (DeFi) Consumer Engagement dApp Directory Developers Get Started Start Building Documentation Developer Portal Developer Tooling GitHub Funding Community Hackathons Ambassador Program Builders Program Moderator Program Bug Bounty Network Governance Ecosystem Network Activity Network Status Roadmap Open Source / Hiero Partner Program Resources Blog Case Studies Events Fee Calculator Journey Knowledge Center Public Policy Videos Start Building Contact Solutions Services & Products Token Service Consensus Service Smart Contract Service Asset Tokenization Studio Stablecoin Studio AI Studio Sustainability Studio (Guardian) HashSphere Support Use Cases Asset Tokenization Artificial Intelligence (AI) Sustainability Payments Decentralized Identity Decentralized Finance (DeFi) Consumer Engagement dApp Directory Developers Get Started Start Building Documentation Developer Portal Developer Tooling GitHub Funding Community Hackathons Ambassador Program Builders Program Moderator Program Bug Bounty Network Governance Ecosystem Network Activity Network Status Roadmap Open Source / Hiero Partner Program Resources Blog Case Studies Events Fee Calculator Journey Knowledge Center Public Policy Videos Start Building Contact A future built on trust As the world’s only public network governed by known institutions, Hedera is the trusted platform for building fast, secure, and compliant decentralized applications. Start Building Contact trusted by the world’s leading institutions Institutional governance Hedera operates on a permissioned model where Council members run network nodes and approve updates to the technology. featured content Stay connected The latest news and events from Hedera. View All product HashSphere Discover HashSphere, a private permissioned network currently in beta that is powered by enterprise-grade Hedera technology and offered by Hashgraph. Learn More event Hedera DevDay Hedera DevDay is coming to Denver on February 17, 2026 alongside ETHDenver, one of the world’s largest web3 developer gatherings. Register blog Hedera in 2025: Building the trust layer As 2025 comes to a close, it’s time to unwrap the biggest moments from the past 12 months for Hedera. Read More event HederaCon 2026 HederaCon 2026 will be taking place in sunny Miami Beach on May 4, 2026, at the iconic Faena Forum. Register blog Hedera Council welcomes global energy giant Repsol Repsol has joined Hedera Council to advance web3 adoption and digital identity standards. Read More blog Hedera Council welcomes GBBC as first Strategic Partner Global Blockchain Business Council (GBBC) joins as the first Hedera Council Strategic Partner. Read More blog Hedera integrates ERC-3643 token standard into Asset Tokenization Studio Hedera has integrated ERC-3643 into Asset Tokenization Studio, expanding opportunities for globally compliant, cross-border asset issuance. Read More blog Hedera participates in the Bank of England and BIS Innovation Hub’s DLT Innovation Challenge Hedera is proud to participate in the DLT Innovation Challenge. Read More see what others are saying Trusted for the real world View All Lloyds Banking Group, Aberdeen Investments, and Archax have executed the UK’s first foreign exchange (FX) trades using tokenized real-world assets (RWAs) as collateral—powered by the Hedera network. By leveraging Hedera’s public, permissioned distributed ledger, this landmark initiative demonstrates how tokenization can enhance collateral efficiency and regulatory compliance in one of the world’s most active financial markets. Allan Trimmer Head of Product Read More RedSwan, a blockchain-based marketplace for commercial real estate, is leveraging the Hedera network to tokenize over $5 billion worth of institutional-grade properties—making fractional real estate investing globally accessible. Through its platform, RedSwan enables secure, efficient, and transparent access to high-value assets, and plays a key role in building Hedera’s Asset Tokenization Studio, a toolkit built for regulatory-compliant issuance of tokenized securities on-chain. Edward Nwokedi CEO Read More HashPack is the leading non-custodial wallet serving as the primary gateway to Hedera’s ecosystem. The platform combines enterprise-grade security with intuitive user experience, enabling seamless access to DeFi, NFTs, and dApps while supporting native HBAR staking and all Hedera tokens. May Chan CEO Read More EQTY Lab has launched its Verifiable Compute solution on NVIDIA’s next-generation Blackwell platform, leveraging secure enclaves and hardware-enforced trust to bring governance to agentic AI systems. By registering AI behavior and compliance proofs on the Hedera network, this collaboration—supported by SCAN UK and Accenture—marks a breakthrough in sovereign AI, where performance and policy enforcement converge without compromise. Jonathan Dotan Founder Read More Verra, a leading carbon market standards body, has partnered with the Hedera Foundation to digitally transform global carbon markets through blockchain technology. The collaboration integrates Hedera Guardian—an open-source platform for environmental solutions—with Verra’s Project Hub. Backed by a five-year investment, this groundbreaking initiative aims to digitalize 20+ methodologies by 2025, making Verra the first major carbon standards organization to adopt this level of digital integration. Mandy Rambharos CEO Read More Hedera provides really interesting differentiation around cost, speed, scale, and security. And as we operate critical infrastructure for Australia, those are quite important for what we’re delivering and what we’re trying to evaluate on behalf of the Australian payments landscape. Tim Johnson Head of Future Payments Read More By working with Hedera, we leverage a network that has stood the test of time and is trusted by institutions worldwide. This partnership is crucial for our mission to make regulated, real-world assets accessible to everyone, from the smallest retail investor to the largest institution. Katie Evans Chief Business Development Officer Read More One of the most appealing things about Hedera is that the network nodes are run by the Hedera Council, so you don’t have anonymous – or even worse – potentially sanctioned individuals or entities running nodes, and therefore earning fees off of a transaction. Frank Wang Head of Fintech Sales Read More Proof in the numbers 71+ billion Total transactions 395,296 Transactions in the last 24 hours 10,000+ Transactions per second 2.90 Seconds to consensus finality 9,429,196 Accounts created on the network 0.000003 Average kwh per transaction ofac compliance Responsible governance Hedera Council is a rotating group of the world’s leading enterprises, institutions, non-profits, and universities that govern the Hedera network, ensuring the network’s security, integrity, and long-term strategic direction. The Council has implemented both foundational and application-level measures to ensure compliance with U.S. sanctions laws and regulatory standards. As a result, Hedera is recognized as one of the most regulatory-compliant public DLT networks in the world today. Visit Hedera Council 11 Industries represented 31 Council members 16 Fortune 500 companies built to last The foundational trust layer Hedera powers fast, scalable, and compliant applications—it’s ideal for regulated industries where performance and compliance matter. Stable fees With fixed USD-denominated fees starting at $0.0001, Hedera delivers some of the lowest and most predictable pricing in the industry. Finality in seconds Designed for trust and compliance, all network transactions are finalized in under 3 seconds and can’t be reversed. Built-in regulatory compliance With safeguards at both the protocol and application level, Hedera is one of the most OFAC-compliant public networks, guided by a decentralized global Council. Fast The hashgraph technology enables parallel transaction processing, making Hedera exponentially faster than other blockchains. EVM-compatible Hedera supports Solidity smart contracts and works seamlessly with Ethereum-based tools and applications, including both native and ERC-compatible tokenization. AI-ready Hedera gives AI systems the trust layer they need with real-time finality, low-cost verifiability, and tamper-proof data for autonomous agents and intelligent applications. Fair by design Transactions are ordered by consensus timestamps, ensuring fair sequencing and built-in resistance to front running. Energy-efficient Hedera is carbon negative and uses less energy than a Visa transaction, setting a new standard for sustainable public networks. Why Hedera is the trust layer of the digital economy Hedera combines scalable technology, institutional network governance, and built-in compliance to provide trusted inf rastructure and application services for regulated industries and beyond. Join in and start building Get involved through hackathons, meetups, and global events hosted and sponsored by Hedera. Hundreds of opportunities await to connect, create, and launch. View Events 35K+ Developers on testnet 9M+ Accounts on mainnet hiero open source Independent codebase management The Hedera codebase is managed by the Linux Foundation Decentralized Trust initiative as Project Hiero, ensuring transparent and vendor-neutral code governance. Visit Hiero Ready to get started? Discover why Hedera is the trusted institutional-grade network powering the new digital economy. Start Building Contact hedera highlights Subscribe to get the latest Hedera news, updates, and insights delivered right to your inbox. Unsubscribe anytime. funding governance brand book careers faqs support terms & conditions privacy policy © 2018-2026 Hedera Hashgraph, LLC. All trademarks and company names are the property of their respective owners. All rights in Hedera Council member, Deutsche Telekom mark, are protected by Deutsche Telekom AG. All rights reserved. Hedera uses the third party marks with permission.