Helm Skip to main content 🎉 Helm v4.0.0 is out! See the Helm 4 Overview for details! Helm Docs Community Blog Charts 4.0.0 4.0.0 3.19.0 2.17.0 English English Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) Español (Spanish) Français (French) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Português (Portuguese) Русский (Russian) Українська (Ukrainian) 中文 (Chinese) Search The package manager for Kubernetes Helm is the best way to find, share, and use software built for Kubernetes . Artboard What is Helm? Helm helps you manage Kubernetes applications — Helm Charts help you define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes application. Charts are easy to create, version, share, and publish — so start using Helm and stop the copy-and-paste. Helm is a graduated project in the CNCF and is maintained by the Helm community . Learn more: Helm Architecture Quick Start Guide Video: An Introduction to Helm Features Manage Complexity Charts describe even the most complex apps, provide repeatable application installation, and serve as a single point of authority. Easy Updates Take the pain out of updates with in-place upgrades and custom hooks. Simple Sharing Charts are easy to version, share, and host on public or private servers. Rollbacks Use helm rollback to roll back to an older version of a release with ease. Getting Started Get Helm Install Helm with a package manager, or download a binary . Homebrew Chocolatey Scoop Snap brew install helm choco install kubernetes-helm scoop install helm sudo snap install helm --classic Once installed, unpack the helm binary and add it to your PATH and you are good to go! Check the docs for further installation and usage instructions . Get Charts Visit Artifact Hub to explore Helm charts from numerous public repositories. Join the Community More information about the Helm project, and how to contribute. Next Feature Release v4.0.0 November 2025 Release Calendar Events Upcoming Events Nov 10 - Nov 13 , 2025 - KubeCon North America Past Events Apr 1 - Apr 4 , 2025 - KubeCon Europe 2025 Nov 12 - Nov 15 , 2024 - KubeCon North America 2024 May 19 - May 22 , 2024 - KubeCon Europe 2024 SIG Apps They meet each week to demo and discuss tools and projects. Community meetings are recorded and shared to YouTube . Developer Standups Thursdays 9:30-10am (PT) These meetings are open to all. Check the community repo for notes and details. Slack Request access here to join the Kubernetes Slack team. Helm Users Discussion around using Helm, working with charts and solving common errors. Helm Development Topics regarding Helm development, ongoing PRs, releases, etc. Charts Discussion for users and contributors to Helm Charts. Contributing Helm always welcomes new contributions to the project! Where to begin? Helm is a big project with a lot of users and contributors. It can be a lot to take in! We have a list of good first issues if you want to help but don't know where to start. What do I do? Before you contribute some code, please read our Contribution Guide . It goes over the processes around creating and reviewing pull requests. After you write some code, please sign your commits to ensure Helm adheres to the DCO agreement used by the CNCF . Supporters Helm is supported by and built with a community of over 400 developers. ...and many other wonderful helm core maintainers . Helm Project Source code Blog Events Code of Conduct Charts Introduction Chart tips & tricks Developing Charts Search 800+ Charts Development Slack (#helm-dev) Contribution Guide Maintainers Weekly Meetings Community GitHub Community Slack (#helm-users) Stack Overflow X We are a Cloud Native Computing Foundation graduated project. © Helm Authors 2025. Documentation distributed under CC-BY-4.0. © 2025 The Linux Foundation. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page .