Residence and Citizenship by Investment | Henley & Partners Callback Contact +82 2 2008 4664 Callback +82 2 2008 4664 Worldwide Offices Citizenship Residence Real Estate Countries Services About English Contact Citizenship by Investment Residence by Investment Real Estate Countries Services About Worldwide Offices Publications and Reports Newsroom Events and Webinars Philanthropy Henley Passport Index Henley Passport Power Index Henley Ultimate Portfolio Henley Opportunity Index Henley Residence Program Index Henley Citizenship Program Index Callback Enquiry +82 2 2008 4664 The Global Leader in Residence and Citizenship Planning The Global Leader in Residence and Citizenship Planning Invest in a Secure Future Today Review program options The Firm of Global Citizens Henley & Partners is the global leader in residence and citizenship planning. Each year, hundreds of wealthy individuals and their advisors rely on our expertise and experience in this area. The firm’s highly qualified professionals work together as one team in over 70 offices worldwide. The concept of residence and citizenship planning was created by Henley & Partners in the 1990s. As globalization has expanded, residence and citizenship have become topics of significant interest among the increasing number of internationally mobile entrepreneurs and investors whom we proudly serve every day. About Henley & Partners Why Henley & Partners With over 25 years of institutional experience, Henley & Partners is by far the largest globally integrated residence and citizenship advisory firm in the world. Through the provision of bespoke residence and citizenship planning solutions, we have helped thousands of individuals and families, their advisors, and many sovereign states to generate value. Our outstanding people and systems provide a world-class advisory service underpinned by strict confidentiality, data security, and limited transaction risk. 70+ Offices worldwide 25+ Years leading the sector 60+ Residence and citizenship options 30,000+ Clients served 20+ Government advisory mandates USD 15 billion+ FDI raised Your Journey with Henley & Partners 1. We advise on the best program for you and your family One of our experienced client advisors will carefully assess your personal requirements and help you select the most suitable residence or citizenship by investment program to meet your individual needs and preferences. This initial consultation is free of charge. 2. We onboard you as a Henley & Partners client Before a client agreement is signed and you are invoiced for any services rendered, our compliance team will conduct thorough due diligence on you and any family members included in your application. Once you have passed our due diligence checks, we will onboard you as a client and request a fixed fee for our ongoing services. 3. We assist you with the entire application process A dedicated relationship manager will be appointed to assist you in securing and compiling all necessary supporting documents and completing various government application forms. We will guide and support you throughout this often time-consuming and complex part of the process, including making the final submission to the relevant government authority. 4. You are granted your new residence or citizenship rights Once the relevant government agency has reviewed all documentation, it will conduct its own due diligence checks. If your application is successful, the government will send us an approval-in-principle letter, and you will be asked to fulfill any payment obligations (namely, make the investment, and/or pay the contribution, and/or settle any remaining fees). On receipt of the payments, the government will initiate your residence or citizenship documents. 5. We will continue to support you If you require any further services relating to your residence and citizenship portfolio, we will continue to provide you with all the assistance you need. This includes the provision of any annual declarations, the renewal of your residence permit or passport, the addition of dependents or new spouses to approved applications, and any additional residence or citizenship options you and your family members may wish to acquire. Top-Tier Citizenship Programs Citizenship by Investment Programs Antigua and Barbuda Antigua and Barbuda offers one of the most competitive citizenship programs in the Caribbean. Options start from USD 230,000. Antigua and Barbuda citizenship Austria Prospective citizens can make a substantial economic contribution or demonstrate extraordinary achievements that benefit Austria. Austria citizenship Grenada Grenada has the only Caribbean citizenship program that holds an E-2 Investor Visa Treaty with the USA, allowing citizens to be eligible to apply for a non-immigrant visa. Grenada citizenship Malta Malta grants citizenship by merit to individuals who deliver exceptional service, make outstanding contributions, or whose naturalization is of extraordinary national interest. Malta citizenship Nauru Nauru offers successful applicants a secure second citizenship and an opportunity to support the island’s economic development and climate resilience. Nauru citizenship St. Kitts and Nevis St. Kitts and Nevis has one of the strongest passports among all the Caribbean citizenship programs. A donation of USD 250,000 is required. St. Kitts and Nevis citizenship Türkiye The Türkiye Citizenship by Investment Program provides citizenship of a country with links to both Asia and Europe and access to the markets in both regions. Türkiye citizenship Top-Tier Residence Programs Residence by Investment Programs Costa Rica Costa Rica provides applicants with access to the Central American markets, political stability, and vibrant cities for a minimum investment of USD 150,000. Costa Rica residence Greece Under the Greece Golden Visa Program, a minimum specialized real estate investment of EUR 250,000 grants investors a residence permit. Greece residence Latvia The Latvia Residence by Investment Program offers several qualifying options and no residence requirement. A minimum investment of EUR 60,000 is required. Latvia residence Malta The Malta Permanent Residence Programme offers freedom of travel within Europe’s Schengen Area and security within the EU’s social and legal systems. Malta residence New Zealand New Zealand promises a high standard of living and economic, political, and social stability. The visa allows successful applicants to live and work in New Zealand. New Zealand residence Portugal The Portugal Golden Residence Permit Program is a pathway to visa-free travel in Europe’s Schengen Area and offers the right to live, work, and study in Portugal. Portugal residence United Arab Emirates The UAE provides individuals with the opportunity to invest in this innovation- and entrepreneurship-driven Arabian Gulf country. United Arab Emirates residence Specialist Services Private Client Solutions Refined by over 25 years of residence and citizenship advisory sector leadership, Henley & Partners’ unique strategic advisory process creates lifelong value for you and your family. We have the broadest and deepest private client offering available, working with the widest range of sovereign states, giving you the greatest possible optionality. The return on your investment includes the freedom to travel, live, and invest where you choose, enhanced security, and a hedge against potential volatility. Private Clients Government Advisory Practice Through our leading government advisory practice, Henley & Partners assists governments with strategic consulting as well as the design, set-up, operation, and promotion of investment-related residence and citizenship programs. We have raised more than USD 15 billion in foreign direct investment and have designed and implemented several of the most successful programs worldwide. Government Advisory Supporting Private Client Advisors We partner and work in tandem with other advisors of our clients, providing complementary advice and services relating to their residence and citizenship planning options. Henley & Partners has a deep understanding of the complex requirements of private banks, independent asset managers, family offices, legal advisors, and real estate agents, because many of our employees have previously advised across the same value chains. Contact us if you would like to find out more about how we can support you and add further value for your clients. Partner With Us News and Articles 08 December 2025 Private Healthcare Costs Are Rewriting the Map for Migrating Millionaires A sharp acceleration in global wealth migration in 2025 is colliding with rapidly diverging private healthcare costs worldwide. View article 02 December 2025 Even rejected, Swiss wealth tax debate offers lessons for UHNW clients Switzerland’s rejected 50 per cent inheritance tax shows even brief tax debates can sway the ultra-wealthy’s financial decisions. View article 01 November 2025 Why the Indian passport is falling in global ranking India's passport ranks 85th out of 199 countries on the Henley Passport Index View article 30 October 2025 Malaysia Just Launched Another Golden Visa Malaysia just launched a new one-year visa for investors and entrepreneurs—here's who is eligible. View article View
                    all Press releases Contact Us Today Henley & Partners assists international clients in obtaining residence and citizenship under the respective programs. Contact us to arrange an initial private consultation. Enquiry The Firm of Global Citizens ® Your nearest Henley & Partners office: Gangnam Finance Centre 152 Teheran-ro Seoul, 06236 South Korea Citizenship Residence Real Estate Countries Services Contact About Worldwide offices Publications and Reports Newsroom Events and Webinars Philanthropy Henley Passport Index Henley Passport Power Index Henley Ultimate Portfolio Henley Opportunity Index Henley Residence Program Index Henley Citizenship Program Index Your nearest Henley & Partners office: Gangnam Finance Centre 152 Teheran-ro Seoul, 06236 South Korea © 2025 Henley & Partners Holdings Ltd All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Disclaimer SSL certificate REQUEST A CALLBACK Callback Request Have one of our qualified advisors contact you today. Program of interest* Please select General Enquiry Citizenship of Antigua and Barbuda Citizenship of Austria Citizenship of Dominica Citizenship of Egypt Citizenship of Grenada Citizenship of Jordan Citizenship of Malta Citizenship of Montenegro Citizenship of Nauru Citizenship of North Macedonia Citizenship of St. Kitts and Nevis Citizenship of St. Lucia Citizenship of São Tomé and Príncipe Citizenship of Türkiye Residence in Australia Residence in Austria Residence in Canada Residence in Costa Rica Residence in Cyprus Residence in Greece Residence in Hong Kong Residence in Hungary Residence in Ireland Residence in Italy Residence in Jersey Residence in Latvia Residence in Luxembourg Residence in Malaysia Residence in Malta Residence in Mauritius Residence in Monaco Residence in Montenegro Residence in Namibia Residence in Netherlands Residence in New Zealand Residence in Panama Residence in Portugal Residence in Serbia Residence in Singapore Residence in Spain Residence in Switzerland Residence in Thailand Residence in The Bahamas Residence in United Arab Emirates Residence in United Kingdom Residence in United States of America Residence in Uruguay Salutation* Please select Mr. Ms. Mrs. Dr. Prof. Hon. Sheikh First name* Last name* Nationality* Please select Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d’Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Réunion Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria São Tomé & Príncipe Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Country you currently reside in* Please select Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d’Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Réunion Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria São Tomé & Príncipe Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Province or Territory* Please select Telephone number* E-mail address* Additional E-mail verification required Please keep me updated and send me information and news about Henley & Partners and
            its group companies, event invitations, press references, and publications via e-mail. Detailed
            information on how we process your personal data can be found in Henley & Partners' Privacy Policy,
            available here . Close This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Change language English русский 简体中文 中文 (繁體) français español Türkçe العربية עברית português украïнська Tiếng Việt Deutsch 한국어 日本語 × We use cookies to give you the best possible experience. Click 'Accept all' to proceed as specified, or click 'Allow selection' to choose the types of cookies you will accept.
                    For more information, please visit our Cookie Policy . Strictly Necessary Cookies Functional Cookies Performance Cookies Targeting Cookies Allow selection Accept all Loading...