Everett and Snohomish County news from The Herald | HeraldNet.com Subscribe Archives Manage My Account Homepage Local news Sports Food & Drink Life Business Opinion Travel Obituaries Submit an Obituary View Obituaries e-Editions Sponsored Posts Jobs Legal Notices Real Estate Wheels About The Daily Herald About Us Advertising Information Advertising in the Daily Herald Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Contact Us Social media Privacy policy Terms of Use Donate Newsletters Menu 44°F Tuesday, December 30, 2025 Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Newsletters Menu 44°F Subscribe Sign Out Sign In | Newsletters [wp_dark_mode] Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Facebook Follow us on X Home Search Get the mobile app News Support local journalism Local news News by Location Street Smarts Cornfield Report (politics) Inside the Newsroom Business Aviation Sports All sports High school sports Prep Sports Stats Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Food & Drink West Coast Travel Life People / home / A&E Go-See-Do What's Up With That? Puzzles Contests Opinion In Our View Letters Editorial cartoons Northwest Photography Weather Print editions About Us Contact us Site map Social media Advertising Information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe FAQ Herald Newsletters Obituaries View obituaries Place an Obituary Classified ads Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal notices Submit a legal notice Local news Sports Life Business Opinion Contests Archives Classifieds Obituaries Jobs All sections Local news Education Elections Environment Healthcare Investigative Northwest Photography Street Smarts Transportation Sports AquaSox College Sports High School Sports Prep Football Stats Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Food & Drink Hops and Sips SnohomDish on Facebook Restaurant reviews Life As seen on Instagram Cars Columnist What's Up With That? Travel Family Activities Staycation Secrets Things To Do Business Aviation & Space Paine Field Opinion Editorial cartoons In Our View Letters From Readers Other Commentary Obituaries Place Obituary View Obituaries Sponsored Posts Classifieds Jobs Local Marketplace Marketplace Senior Resources Subscribe Digital Subscription Digital & Print Subscription For Subscribers e-Editions FAQ Heraldnet App Manage My Account Puzzles The Daily Herald About Us Contact Us Email Newsletters Newsstand Locations Social media Donate Education Project Environmental & Climate Change Reporting Health Reporting Initiative Investigative Journalism Fund Stay Informed Archive Need to get rid of your tree, Snohomish County? Here’s how. As the holiday season comes to an end, here are some ways you can properly dispose of your Christmas tree. 5 minutes ago by Will Geschke New state laws and taxes take effect on Thursday 3 hours ago What's Up With That? What’s behind the tinted windows at Everett’s ‘#1 Kink Store’ 10 hours ago by Andrea Brown Lynnwood to host collection event for Styrofoam, e-waste 2 hours ago by Jenna Peterson Lynnwood coin shop doesn’t believe new taxes on gold will pan out 1 day ago by Randy Diamond One dead, one injured in two-alarm Lynnwood apartment fire Sunday night 1 day ago by Jenna Millikan Snohomish City Council takes final action before new administration 1 day ago by Taylor Scott Richmond Part of rural Index-Galena road closed due to flood damage 1 day ago by Will Geschke Prosecutors charge Lynnwood man in connection with drug trafficking 4 days ago by Jenna Millikan Photography The best photos of 2025 in Snohomish County 1 day ago by Olivia Vanni Everett Boeing factory tour offers a birds-eye view of jet-making 3 days ago by Randy Diamond Everett’s Soundview Deli could reopen following judicial order 4 days ago by Will Geschke Snohomish County Health Department releases 5-year plan 4 days ago by Will Geschke Now showing: The 114-year-old Marysville Opera House reclaims the spotlight. 5 days ago Update Christmas Eve wind advisory canceled for Snohomish County 6 days ago by Eliza Aronson and Will Geschke Sports Sports Lake Stevens’ Hoglund named state 4A Volleyball Coach of the Year 5 hours ago by Joe Pohoryles Life What's Up With That? What’s behind the tinted windows at Everett’s ‘#1 Kink Store’ 10 hours ago by Andrea Brown Business Lynnwood coin shop doesn’t believe new taxes on gold will pan out 1 day ago by Randy Diamond Opinion In Our View Editorial: Skilled nursing care must remain state budget priority 7 hours ago Local News Photography Images from the flooding in Snohomish County. Our photographers have spent this week documenting the flooding in… Continue reading 2 weeks ago by Herald Staff Everett council resolution lays out priorities for proposed stadium Parents back Everett district after LifeWise lawsuit threat Everett mayor talks priorities for third term in office Everett expands Downtown Improvement District Man sentenced to 2 years in prison for $1 million health care fraud scheme Local News Sports Sports Lake Stevens’ Hoglund named state 4A Volleyball Coach of the Year After dramatic championship win, the Vikings coach earns state recognition. 5 hours ago by Joe Pohoryles Sports Prep Boys Basketball Lynnwood holds off Tomahawks in OT thriller The Royals take down Marysville Pilchuck despite a 47-point outburst from Michael Smathers Jr. on Monday. 17 hours ago by Qasim Ali Sports Vote for The Herald’s Prep Athlete of the Week for Dec. 21-27 Sports Riechelson’s big night leads Glacier Peak to 7-1 start Sports Seahawks must overcome QB Sam Darnold’s turnover tendency Sports Julian Love, DeMarcus Lawrence takeaways spark Seahawks Sports Dave Boling: Scary Seahawks just keep getting better More in Sports Most Read 2025’s Best Editorial Cartoons, April through June Snohomish City Council takes final action before new administration One dead, one injured in two-alarm Lynnwood apartment fire Sunday night Coe: It’s finally time to say Huskies’ Fisch is here for 2026 Lynnwood coin shop doesn’t believe new taxes on gold will pan out e-Edition Latest Issue Everett Daily Herald Dec 30 Print Archive Opinion In Our View Editorial: Skilled nursing care must remain state budget priority The governor’s spending plan would claw back Medicaid reimbursements that pay skilled-nursing care staff. 7 hours ago Best Editorial Cartoons of 2025, July through September A sketchy look back at the best editorial cartoons of 2025, July… Continue reading 15 hours ago Letters Everett Schools bond, levy support career, STEM pathways Letters Let your friends hear from you at the holidays Kristof: It wasn’t history’s best year, yet there’s reason for hope Comment: Grocery store scanner one thing Trump can’t argue with Comment: A Trump ‘pardon’ that justly will get nowhere more opinion Life What's Up With That? What’s behind the tinted windows at Everett’s ‘#1 Kink Store’ From beginner toys to full-on bondage, Lovers Lair opens the door to a world most people never see. 10 hours ago by Andrea Brown Photography The best photos of 2025 in Snohomish County From the banks of the Snohomish River to the turf of Husky Stadium, here are the favorite images captured last year by the Herald’s staff photographer. 1 day ago by Olivia Vanni Everett Boeing factory tour offers a birds-eye view of jet-making Now showing: The 114-year-old Marysville Opera House reclaims the spotlight. How we covered the record-breaking flood The Snow Queen ballet, 9 to 5, Northwest Perspectives, and more Part 3 of the Conifer Trilogy – Stunning yellows, bright whites More in Life Business Lynnwood coin shop doesn’t believe new taxes on gold will pan out Beginning Thursday, gold transactions will no longer be exempt from state and local sales taxes. 1 day ago by Randy Diamond Peoples Bank announces new manager for Edmonds branch Sierra Schram moves from the Mill Creek branch to the Edmonds branch to replace Vern Woods, who has retired. 1 week ago by Randy Diamond Sultan-based Amercare Products assess flood damage The Transportation Committee Chairman says new jobs could be created fixing roads and bridges Lynnwood advocate helps small businesses grow Rustic Cork Wine Bar opens its doors at the Port of Everett Edmonds shoe store specializes in wide feet More in Business Reader Poll Vote for The Herald’s Prep Athlete of the Week for Dec. 21-27 Best of Snohomish County Top banks serving Snohomish County with excellence A closer look at three financial institutions known for trust, service, and stability. 8 months ago Finding value beyond the price tag Explore three thrift stores that support local causes and conscious shopping. 8 months ago Shine bright with Snohomish County’s top jewelry finds Three dazzling shops where elegance, craft, and sparkle come together. 8 months ago Wrap up something wonderful Discover the top 3 gift shops in Snohomish County for charm, creativity, and feel-good finds. 8 months ago More Best of Northwest Ferguson proposes $244M boost for housing programs Some of the money will be dedicated to flood recovery. The governor is also starting the process to create a state Department of Housing. 2 weeks ago Highway 2 closure across WA’s Cascade mountains expected to last months Parts of U.S. 2, an important road cutting across Washington’s Cascade mountains,… Continue reading 2 weeks ago Record flooding forces rescues across Western Washington WA erred in granting hundreds of commercial driver’s licenses to noncitizens Ban on police face coverings pitched ahead of WA’s 2026 legislative session Police are failing to solve most violent crimes in WA Washington lawmakers want to regulate license plate readers More in Northwest Photography Photography The best photos of 2025 in Snohomish County From the banks of the Snohomish River to the turf of Husky Stadium, here are the favorite images captured last year by the Herald’s staff photographer. 1 day ago by Olivia Vanni Photography Images from the flooding in Snohomish County. Our photographers have spent this week documenting the flooding in Continue reading... 2 weeks ago by Herald Staff Photography Summer serenity A blue dasher dragonfly perches on a dried blade of grass on Continue reading... 5 months ago by Olivia Vanni Photography End of the day in Edmonds The sun begins to set as people walk along the Edmonds Fishing Continue reading... 5 months ago by Olivia Vanni More photography West Coast Travel WSDOT: More important than ever to plan ahead for holiday traveling Everything you need to know when traveling over Christmas and New Year’s holidays. 1 week ago by Taylor Scott Richmond Tulalip unveils the largest holiday lights display in Washington The Tulalip Lights & Ice event started Saturday with holiday music, food, ice skating and 9.7 million lights. 1 month ago by Taylor Scott Richmond Port Angeles tour company to welcome more hikers with new location Tour company plans to open ‘heart and soul of the operation’ 2 months ago Fall for La Conner, Washington: fewer crowds, full charm A local shares why autumn is the best-kept secret in this artsy waterfront town. 3 months ago More in West Coast Travel Marketplace Local Marketplace Snohomish County video deal: How Xfinity’s new all-in video plans can save you big sponsored Living in Everett and Snohomish County means plenty of cozy nights at… Proliance Surgeons Everett Bone & Joint Welcomes Thomas Wesley Mitchell, MD sponsored Proliance Surgeons Everett Bone & Joint is pleased to welcome Thomas Wesley… Making connections in the Everett community sponsored Xfinity retail store manager Jason Park finds rewards in giving back to… Celebrate the holiday season with timeless traditions and joyful new favorites in Historic Downtown Snohomish sponsored Festive fun for families, couples, kids and friends – all wrapped in… More in Local Marketplace Senior Resources Finding purpose post-retirement: HR professional finds second career in senior care sponsored Opportunity to make a difference within a flexible, supportive environment brings rewards Just say no to ageism – including your own! sponsored What does it mean to be ageist? Ageism refers to prejudice, stereotyping… 3 ways nature may protect our brains against dementia sponsored We all know the joys of being out in nature. The sights,… What to know about women’s unique aging considerations sponsored If we’re lucky, we get old. Of course, people get old in… When your spouse learns they have Parkinson’s sponsored April is Parkinson’s Awareness Month, and April 11 is World Parkinson’s Day.… Medical alert systems can save lives with the push of a button! sponsored Kenmore provider brings peace of mind while keeping loved ones safe Josephine Caring Community has been putting seniors first for over 100 years sponsored With new residences coming, seniors enjoy community, stability and peace of mind 5 ways to stay healthy and happy in retirement sponsored Simple steps to help seniors improve mental and physical well-being Memory care community enriches lives for seniors in Mukilteo sponsored Resident-centered approach creates feelings of belonging and purpose Community Transit welcomes older adults to try local services sponsored People ages 65 and older make up more than 14.4% of the… More in Senior Resources Snohomish County Gives Bridging the gap between homelessness and short-term housing sponsored How YWCA is addressing Snohomish County’s urgent housing crisis Feeding futures: How Bob’s Burgers & Brew and Casino Road Kids Ministries serve Everett’s children sponsored From warm meals to homework support and community events, Carrie and Tyrone… Everett wrestling school hosts benefit for Recovery Café sponsored A wrestling showcase raises vital funds for Everett Recovery Café programs Where community begins with a seat at the table sponsored How one local nonprofit brings dignity, connection and joy to adults with… Everett Gospel Mission leads with innovation, dignity and community partnership sponsored How one ‘best-kept secret’ in Snohomish County is redefining shelter services A lifeline for women in crisis: YWCA’s Pathways Program changes lives sponsored Snohomish County YWCA provides shelter and support for women Family-centered approach supports early youth development in Everett sponsored The programs support families in the comfort of their own homes, creating… Shaping tomorrow’s leaders in Snohomish County through care and support sponsored Safe spaces and programs help Snohomish County kids build confidence, skills and… A place of healing: How Everett’s Recovery Café is helping transform lives sponsored For 10 years, Everett Recovery Café has empowered Everett residents through compassion… Everett mission helps people get off the streets throughout Snohomish County sponsored Community-funded since 1961, the mission offers shelter, meals, and pathways to recovery PAWS’ Companion Animal Shelter offers dogs, cats and a new leash on life sponsored Since 1967, the Progressive Animal Welfare Society has found homes for 150,000… Coffee, meals and compassion are free at the Everett Recovery Cafe sponsored The free, membership-based day center offers free coffee and meals and more… Mari’s Place helps children build confidence and design a better future sponsored The Everett-based nonprofit offers free and low-cost classes in art, music, theater… ‘Mr. 4 million’: Arlington boy is lucky visitor to Imagine Children’s Museum sponsored Aaron Weinstock has a story to tell his grandkids and… ‘A safe place to be.’ Women and children find comfort and compassion at Esther’s Place in Everett sponsored By Janice Podsada ‘We wouldn’t exist without you:’ Arlington rescue works to meet surging demand sponsored Wildlife center expands care to meet rising demand Neighbors support neighbors in Snohomish County sponsored Thrift store program gives beds to children in need Finding furever homes: The NOAH Center’s year-end fundraiser inspires community support sponsored Unique programs provide second chances for pets in need Everett Christmas celebration unites community for local youth sponsored Annual celebration combines festive cheer with meaningful support for Everett’s underserved youth Imagine Children’s Museum: A space to explore, learn and laugh for over 30 years! sponsored Learn how community support drives the success of the Pacific Northwest’s largest… Assistance League of Everett has ‘Nordstrom of thrift stores’ sponsored Shoppers get sweet deals and help fund many causes that help others. Evergreen Arboretum’s Wintertide Lights sparkle into fifth year sponsored The free event at Legion Park in Everett is open 4-8 p.m.… Connecting veterans in Snohomish County – and beyond sponsored Comcast, Operation Military Family help veterans thrive in a digital world Mount Vernon business is committed to building quality structures + life-long relationships sponsored For Jim Spane, owner of Mount Vernon’s Spane Buildings, being there for… Orthopedic team expands its legacy of healing in Snohomish County sponsored Comprehensive care approach fuels three decades of dedicated surgical service Marysville resource center nurtures families from ‘hopelessness to hopefulness’ sponsored Innovative community programs foster resilience among families in need Everett restaurant + non-profit unite to aid children at Christmas and year-round sponsored Organization offers a variety of programs to help children thrive Everett organization marks 60 years of nurturing young minds and families sponsored An organization shares its comprehensive approach to early childhood development and family… Renovating for Rescue: A new Arlington care center for wildlife in need sponsored The Go Wild Gala will help the new Sarvey Wildlife center thrive Empowering Youth: Camp Fire’s impact in nurturing young minds sponsored Program fosters inclusivity and growth for young generations Collaborative provides a safe place + vital services to families in need in Snohomish County sponsored A local collaborative is working to reduce and prevent the harm of… United Way of Snohomish County embarks on transformative partnerships for community well-being sponsored Since August, 45,000 books have been delivered to children in need. Sherwood Community Services: Believing in abilities and changing lives sponsored Lake Stevens organization provides one-on-one support for 1,073 children and adults Marysville Community Food Bank marks 50 years of service during time of unprecedented need sponsored Donations of time, toys, food and cash are invaluable to the Marysville… Snohomish County volunteers share warmth and hope, changing lives in the process sponsored Assistance League of Everett® builds on youth program to help Afghan and… New youth mentoring program seeks more volunteers to meet growing demand sponsored You only need an hour a week to make a difference in… Helping local youth with disabilities gain full, independent lives sponsored Each year, more than 1500 babies are born in Snohomish, Island and… Collaborative provides a safe place + vital services to families in need in Snohomish County sponsored A local collaborative is working to reduce and prevent the harm of… Snohomish County’s cutest law enforcement officers play a key role in keeping the community safe. sponsored Local not-for-profit helps keep K9 officers and their handlers happy, healthy and… Planning an event or meeting? This Arlington room rental helps transform lives sponsored Village Community Services uses creative, real-world approach to teach job-readiness skills More in Snohomish County Gives Local Marketplace Snohomish County video deal: How Xfinity’s new all-in video plans can save you big sponsored Living in Everett and Snohomish County means plenty of cozy nights at… Proliance Surgeons Everett Bone & Joint Welcomes Thomas Wesley Mitchell, MD sponsored Proliance Surgeons Everett Bone & Joint is pleased to welcome Thomas Wesley… Making connections in the Everett community sponsored Xfinity retail store manager Jason Park finds rewards in giving back to… Celebrate the holiday season with timeless traditions and joyful new favorites in Historic Downtown Snohomish sponsored Festive fun for families, couples, kids and friends – all wrapped in… More in Local Marketplace © 2025, Everett Herald + Sound Publishing, Inc. + Black Press Media About Contact Site Map Newsletters Media Solutions Subscribe Archives Privacy policy Terms of Use Accessibility Social Media Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × Search Home Local Sports Life Archives Business Opinion Obituaries Subscribe For Subscribers About Contests ‹ Home Digital Subscription Digital & Print Subscription ‹ Home e-Editions FAQ HeraldNet App Manage Account Puzzles ‹ Home About Us Contact Us Email Newsletters Newsstands Social Media Advertisement