Help Desk Software Hesk - a free PHP help desk Home Demo Download Language Packs Styles Downloads Download Hesk Language Packs Styles Buy Now Cloud How to Install Knowledgebase About Us Contact Us Help How to Install Knowledgebase About Us Contact Us Two help desk software solutions — which one fits YOU best? Help Desk Software Hesk Simple, flexible, and free help desk software that's easy to set up, easy to manage, and easy to trust. Download Hesk SysAid's AI-First Help Desk An Advanced Help Desk and ITSM Solution with Agentic AI Embedded into Every Aspect of Service Management. Book A Demo Hesk team partnered with SysAid to bring you the best of two worlds. Beautifully simple yet powerful help desk software for small and medium-sized teams. 20+ years. 970,000+ downloads. 35+ languages. That's Hesk. Deliver better support Organize, track, assign, collaborate, and resolve issues quickly. No steep learning curve. Launch in minutes Install Hesk on your server, or use Hesk Cloud to get started immediately. Use on any device. Pay less to do more, faster Canned responses, auto-assign, flexible setup. Free to download or flat-fee cloud plans. Reduce ticket volume 86% of users report fewer support requests thanks to the built-in knowledge base. Try Hesk Demo Download Hesk Serving individuals, companies, nonprofits, and public institutions worldwide. PARTNER When Hesk Is Not Enough, Try SysAid SysAid is an advanced Help Desk and ITSM platform powered by Agentic AI. It transforms service management with automation at every layer and offers a fully conversational interface. AI Agents auto-solve and accelerate ticket resolution Resolve issues up to 2x faster Empower IT teams to focus on high-value work Improve employee satisfaction by 53% Fast onboarding, no heavy migrations, and built-in security Book A Demo With AI taking the first action, deliver faster service, greater impact, and a seamless user experience. Join more then 10,000 companies around the world. Not sure which is the right solution for you? Compare Hesk and SysAid features here Choosing Hesk as your help desk software. Makes. Sense. You want repeat, not frustrated customers Help them resolve common issues quickly by addressing them in the knowledgebase. When needed, they readily submit a question/issue—a support ticket is born. Stay in control of your customer support Prioritize tickets by urgency, organize them into categories and filter them in many convenient ways. Setup staff accounts, restrict their access and functionality, see who is working on what. All the information right when you need it Each support ticket contains request details and lets you talk back and forth with the customer. Assign tickets, add notes, attach files, modify status and track time spent working on a ticket. People will love you for it Canned responses, ticket templates, custom data fields, custom statuses, 100+ options. Your staff and customers will love you for the power and simplicity Hesk help desk software brings. Hesk not enough? Try - a complete ITSM solution SYSAID'S KEY FEATURES Take a look inside SysAid's AI-powered ITSM platform Pre-built AI Agents Designed to meet the complex needs of IT teams, you can delegate tasks to pre-built AI Agents who intelligently assess issues, make decisions, and take action on your team's behalf. Complementing your team's work and helping you scale up your activities—with far less effort. Build your own AI Agents Build your own AI Agents or customize them to meet your team, or your organization's, unique needs. All without writing a single line of code. AI conversational chat Help users resolve issues fast, and by themselves, with agentic AI chatbots that predict, reason, and act in real-time—delivering users empathetic and conversational multilingual support across all channels. Self-serve portal Give users the power to solve issues on their own with an always-on interface providing access to FAQs, ticket submissions, and real-time IT support—all in a fully customizable and easily accessible platform. AI agent assistance Automate ticket categorization, prioritization, and handling, gather contextual insights, and get intelligent recommendations on how to respond to any situation with AI-powered chat and agent assist features. Asset management Elevate IT asset management with AI-powered discovery, real-time asset intelligence, and automated workflows—giving you complete visibility and control across your IT environment. CMDB Map and manage your entire IT ecosystem with AI-powered CMDB, automatically tracking assets, defining relationships between configuration items, and conducting visual root cause analysis—all fully integrated with your service desk. Workflow automation From simple approvals to complex, multi-step cross-departmental processes. You can automate anything and everything with AI-powered precision to reduce errors, accelerate task completion, and adapt workflows in real time. Analytics and reporting Monitor MTTR, balance incident-to-request ratios, track ticket sources, and identify bottlenecks in real time with AI-powered analytics—giving you full visibility and control over all activities, all the time. 70% Reduction in Average Time to Repair (ATTR) "The rollout of the self-service portal achieved 80% usage, and the AI Emailbot reduced ticket volume by resolving 70% of email tickets without IT intervention." Garan Thomas, Senior Desktop Support Engineer. 90% Reduction in Resolution Times "Critical IT issues that previously took 2-3 days to resolve are now addressed in just 2-3 hours, dramatically improving efficiency and service delivery." Republic Bank of Ghana Support Team. 12X faster response & resolution "SysAid offers a single complete solution. You would have to put different pieces of other solutions together to achieve what SysAid achieves." "IT support is now everywhere. We don't need to be in the same room to fix an issue. With remote access and real-time chat, our team resolves problems in minutes instead of hours." Book a SysAid Demo Don't take our word for it. Here's what real users say about Hesk. After spending five years working for a City of London Blue Chip "IT" department using an expensive SQL-based helpdesk, I set up my own company and decided on Hesk. It was a great decision. Easy to install, configure, and use. Excellent support too. I cannot recommend this product highly enough. Stephen Yarrow London, UK Trying to find a stable and affordable ticket management system that has been a bit of struggle. Many solutions are so overpriced or lack features that our business needs. I've used both Hesk and Hesk Cloud services and have found both very reliable. Plus Klemen has always been open to suggestions and is always fast to respond. Clay with Doc Designs Virginia, USA I have used Hesk on three customers web sites and it was just what they needed. The Hesk staff was able to install the program and did it very quickly. Now if any one of my hosting customers ask about a ticket system and/or knowledge base program I am sending them to Hesk! Dale C. Crow Florida, US I have switched to Hesk from a previous helpdesk solution that I was unhappy with, and I'm so glad I made the change. Hesk is really excellent - easy to install and set up, easy to use, with a great user interface and functionality. The cost is extremely reasonable, both for the self-hosted solution (with the option to use it for free!) and their cloud solution. Other helpdesk software can be bloated, difficult, glitchy and often very expensive - Hesk is the opposite. I'm still amazed how much functionality you've packed into a 3 MB download - our previous help desk was a 440 MB package that took an hour to install each time. I'm glad to be rid of it. Ben London, UK Just wanted to say thanks so much your script is awesome. It is exactly what I have been looking for! My customers are even ringing me up asking for a direct link to my support site as a result!!! Great work and thanks again! Nick Sydney, Australia I'm quite a new user, but I have to say I found in Hesk all features I need, with no additional fake things, like ads or useless functionalities. Tim Moses London, UK Within a few minutes I was up and running and I foresee better communication with my church. Thank you so much! Paul US Hesk is all that we need. Now we are using Hesk after installing many other web applications that didn't meet with our requirements... Keep up the great work! Omar Abdul-Aziz Yemen I have limited computer knowledge and was able to get this software up and running in 10 minutes. Even the Brazilian Portuguese translation is provided free of charge, thank you! Fernando Brazil We've used the script for years now. And still we find it the best. Tried other, expensive software, but this is best of all. Really. Dirko Hungary Test Hesk Demo Download Hesk Home Demo Download Buy Now Cloud version How to Install Knowledgebase About Us Contact Us Privacy Cookies Website TOS Cloud TOS © Copyright HESK.com 2005-2026. All Rights Reserved ® Hesk and Hesk Cloud are registered trademarks.
				Help Desk Software.