PRODUCTS 
FEATURES 
PRICING 
SUPPORT 
ABOUT US
LOG IN FREE SIGNUP
Uptime Monitor & Blacklist Monitor
15 Uptime Monitors • 1 Minute Interval
32 Blacklist Monitors • Checked Everyday
FREE Forever!
Maximize your network's uptime
and keep it clean from spam
View Our Products:
UPTIME MONITOR    BLACKLIST MONITOR
×
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Read more
STRICTLY NECESSARY
PERFORMANCE
TARGETING
FUNCTIONALITY
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
 SHOW DETAILS
COOKIE DECLARATION
ABOUT COOKIES
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Functionality
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
Name	Provider / Domain	Expiration	Description
reffby	.hetrixtools.com	2 months 4 weeks	HetrixTools referral cookie.
__cflb	
Cloudflare, Inc.
hetrixtools.com	1 week	This cookie is used for load balancing and for identifying trusted web traffic. It helps in ensuring consistent service and user experience by managing traffic and routing users to specific servers.
CookieScriptConsent	
CookieScript
hetrixtools.com	4 weeks 2 days	This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
__cf_bm	
Cloudflare Inc.
.hcaptcha.com	29 minutes 58 seconds	This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
PHPSESSID	
PHP.net
hetrixtools.com	4 weeks 2 days	Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. It is normally a random generated number, how it is used can be specific to the site, but a good example is maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages.
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.
Name	Provider / Domain	Expiration	Description
_pk_ses.1.8d0d	.hetrixtools.com	29 minutes 59 seconds	This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
_ga	
Google LLC
.hetrixtools.com	1 year 1 month	This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
_ga_CGY4J48TB9	.hetrixtools.com	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
_pk_id.1.8d0d	.hetrixtools.com	1 year	This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
Targeting cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites.
Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.

You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.
We also use cookies to collect data for the purpose of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of our advertising. For more details, visit the Google Privacy Policy.
Cookie report created by CookieScript