HEY — A delightfully fresh take on email + calendar, from 37signals Features Calendar For domains Pricing FAQs Sign in Try HEY free Menu Features Calendar For domains Pricing FAQs Sign in Try HEY free Finally a privacy-respecting inbox Email has been re-invented I’m loving the HEY Calendar app We finally fixed your email + calendar! Gmail, Outlook, and Apple got complacent and took their eye off the ball. Then along came HEY. Try HEY free for 30-days No obligation, no CC required. See how HEY works People *really* like HEY Tens of thousands of people have already made the switch from Gmail, Yahoo Mail, Outlook, and other email + calendar services. Just got a demo of HEY with @jasonfried . ❤️ The level of product thinking that’s gone into rebuilding email from scratch. Ryan Hoover In positive news, HEY seems to have finally solved email (!!!). Been using it several weeks and no longer dealing with spam, long lists of “unread” messages, or sorting out annoying but important docs. The relief is so real. 🙌 Darya Rose HEY is the most exciting app I’ve used in years. A complete rethinking of email, full of bold, brilliant ideas. Highly recommended. Not only for the product itself, but because its boldness will inspire you to question your assumptions and think differently. Adrian Holovaty Gmail and virtually all of its competitors assume anyone should be able to email you and then you should store and sort and search and categorize those messages. HEY assumes that only the people you want email from should be able to email you. Ezra Klein If you designed email from scratch such that it vigorously protected your privacy and your time, this is what it would look like. I think you’re going to love it. 🏆 Mike Davidson HEY is a game changer for email and owning your time. A big part of my work is diving into new teams and email gets flooded quickly. @jasonfried , @dhh and their team are changing the foundation for my work and it’s amazing. Chantal Ireland I just got an early demo of HEY from @jasonfried . I can confirm this will be my new default email over Gmail… it’s a beautiful rethinking of everything wrong with email. I can’t wait for you all to play with it soon. Kevin Rose Let me tell ya’ll something: HEY is going to change the way we use email. Bye-bye Gmail. Helllooooo HEY. Kris Smith Happy to say that HEY is every bit as clever as I expected, a radical rethinking of email and dramatically better in a dozen ways. (And because it’s by the @basecamp team, I know it won’t get swallowed up by BigTechCo a month after launch.) Andy Baio There’s plenty more where those came from — keep reading the nice things people are saying about HEY. Screen emails like you screen your calls The first time someone emails you they land in The Screener . You decide if you want to hear from them or not. Yes and they’re in, No and you’ll never hear from them again. You’re in control. The Imbox is for your important email When you say “Yes”, their email lands in the Imbox by default. It’s the place for emails you actually want to read, from im portant people and services you absolutely want to hear from. A Paper Trail for receipts and transactions Keep transactional email clutter in one place, out of your face. When you need to refer to a receipt, order confirmation, service notification, etc. just head over to the Paper Trail . The Feed is for your casual, whenever reads The Feed turns newsletters and long-reads into a browsable, casual newsfeed. Just scroll, everything’s open already. See something you like? Click it and read the whole thing right in place. Calendaring sucked for years, we fixed it Digital calendars have barely evolved for decades. Our all-new Calendar is a modern, breath-of-fresh-air take on calendaring. And there’s so much more When you put it all together — power over who gets through to you, purpose-built boxes for the different flavors of emails, dedicated workflows, strong privacy protections, and an innovative, integrated calendar — it’s like magic . Hey everyone— I’m Jason, CEO here at 37signals. Email gets a bad rap, but it shouldn’t. Email’s a treasure. It feels great to get an email from someone you care about. Or a newsletter you enjoy. Or an update from a service you like. That’s how email used to feel all the time. But things changed. You started getting stuff you didn’t want from people you didn’t know. You lost control over who could reach you. An avalanche of automated emails cluttered everything up. And Gmail, Outlook, Yahoo, and Apple just let it happen. Now email feels like a chore, rather than a joy. Something you fall behind on. Something you clear out, not cherish. Rather than delight in it, you deal with it. And yet, email remains a wonder. Thanks to email, people across cultures, continents, countries, cities, and communities communicate every day. It’s reliable. It’s simple. It makes it easy for two humans to share their love, and for millions of people to earn a living. So good news, the magic’s still there. It’s just obscured — buried under a mess of bad habits and neglect. Some from people, some from machines, a lot from email software. Email deserves a dust off. A renovation. Modernized for the way we email today. With HEY, we’ve done just that. It’s a redo, a rethink, a simplified, potent reintroduction of email. A fresh start, the way it should be. HEY is our love letter to email and calendars, and we’re sending it to you on the Web, Mac, Windows, Linux, iOS, and Android. Jason Fried Co-founder & CEO Close HEY has a calendar now! Calendaring sucked for years. We fixed it. We transformed email, and now we’re bringing the same magic to calendaring. Take a closer look Try HEY free Have a great day! Join more than 150,000 people who get our email newsletter. We’ll share product updates, thoughts, new releases, and other tidbits we think you’ll find interesting. Subscribe Thanks! You’re in. Look out for our latest newsletter in the next few weeks. HEY Calendar New! The HEY Way How HEY works It’s none of their business Apps for every platform No spy pixel tracking No data extraction Email the web Just let it flow Link up multiple accounts Forever yours Let HEY be your shield Moving from Gmail Apple vs. HEY HEY is for everyone Press resources Serious security Keyboard shortcuts People really like HEY The HEY Cover Art gallery What’s new HEY, cool shirt Our policies System status Need help? Check out help.hey.com HEY ™ is designed, built, and backed by 37signals ™ , the people behind Basecamp ™ and Fizzy ™ © 37signals LLC. All rights reserved.