Omnichannel business text messaging by Heymarket Try it now! Expand your reach with email and text message broadcasts. Join the beta Product Features Shared inbox All your messages in one place Automations Streamline your workflows AI texting Perfect your messages with AI Text-enable numbers Text-enable your business number List broadcasts Send personalized mass texts API Create customized integrations Group messaging Text multiple contacts at once Campaigns Send a series of messages to lists Explore all features New feature Double Opt-in Stay compliant with more ways to opt-in Learn more Solutions Use Case Customer service Increase response rates Marketing Convert more with personalization Sales Expedite your sales process Operations Streamline communications Recruiting Hire great people faster Industries Retail Healthcare Dispatch See all Integrations Most popular Salesforce Slack Aircall HubSpot Zendesk Heymarket API Microsoft Teams Zapier All integrations Resources Blog Customer stories AI text generator SMS templates generator Text to landline Omnichannel messaging All SMS resources Pricing Sign In Free Trial Book a Demo x Sign Up Free trial. No credit card required. Email already taken. Please sign in or try another email. I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy . Please agree to the terms of service and privacy policy to continue. Sign Up Sign Up with Google Please check your email. We've sent you an email. Please check your inbox and follow the link provided to verify your email address. Ok See Heymarket in Action Learn how Heymarket can help your business create personalized conversations at scale. Book a Demo One inbox for your business text messages Heymarket is a business texting platform that gives you the power to engage with people using shared inboxes. Message on any channel, keep your team productive, and securely integrate your business apps. Book a demo Centralize communication with shared inboxes Get complete visibility into your messaging across users, teams, and channels. Heymarket enables you to connect with customers via business SMS, email, and popular messaging apps – all unified in powerful shared inboxes for streamlined, collaborative communication. Explore shared inboxes Unite your customer journey Streamline communication throughout your entire customer lifecycle with personalized, engaging conversations. Heymarket lets you build dynamic flows that automate communications from that first promotional touchpoint to nurturing long-term customer relationships. See all features Drive results with omnichannel messaging Customer service SMS Sales SMS SMS marketing Operational text messaging Text recruiting Reach a 60% customer response rate Boost customer satisfaction Shorten agent response times with customer service SMS . Quickly triage customer questions, route and assign chats, and personalize replies. Learn more Improve your sales conversion rate 9x Qualify leads and close sales Quickly respond to and convert leads with sales SMS . Schedule meeting reminders and automate prospect follow-ups to save time and speed up sales cycles. Learn more Improve your response rate 5x Reach more people Expand your reach with SMS marketing (and email coming soon). Send personalized messages to your contact lists, launch targeted text message marketing campaigns, and capture leads across multiple channels. Learn more Grow your team’s capacity 10x Improve internal operations Streamline workflows with operational text messaging and email. Send employees important updates and scheduling information to their personal phones with targeted list sends. Learn more Screen candidates in 4 minutes Recruit employees and staff faster Engage talent at scale with email and text recruiting . Guide candidates through the hiring funnel with reminders, quick scheduling, and one-on-one conversations. Learn more Connect your CRM and favorite apps Heymarket has built-in integrations with leading business apps and CRMs, including Salesforce and HubSpot . Leverage existing contact databases and incorporate custom fields in messaging campaigns. Automatically create or update contacts and capture their actions in your system of record. Customize your own integrations with Heymarket’s powerful API . See all integrations Streamline communication across the customer lifecycle Heymarket pairs an intuitive interface with powerful tools. Here are a few of our top features that make it easy to get up and running with business SMS and email fast to start building strong relationships. Shared inbox Group messaging Automations Broadcasts and campaigns Enterprise administration Message as team Send and receive text messages and emails from centralized inboxes. All of your team members can read and respond to messages from desktop or their mobile phones. Learn more Start group conversations Text multiple contacts within a single conversation to keep everyone in the loop and move quickly. Learn more Automate workflows Automate text messages (and emails coming soon) to send based on keywords, timing, or message sentiment. Automatically reply, assign chats, or enroll contacts in a campaign. Learn more Create campaigns Reach groups of contacts at once, schedule texts, and run drip campaigns. Leverage SMS templates and custom fields to personalize each text. Coming soon: Add emails to your campaigns to engage customers on the right channel at the right time. Learn more Customize roles Customize roles and permissions . Sync your text messaging platform with your employee directory systems. Learn more Securing 500 million+ business texts Strong relationships are built on trust. Heymarket offers enterprise-grade security on a SOC 2 Type 2 , TCPA, and HIPAA compliant platform. Email is here! ✓ Text and email from shared inboxes ✓ Works with existing Heymarket features ✓ Use your existing email domain Join the beta Extend your reach with AI-assisted messaging Reach more people with translation Empower your team to help more people in more languages. Refine your texts in one click Instantly correct, formalize, shorten and expand texts to make them more effective. Give quick, contextual answers Upload your knowledge base to generate hyper-personalized messages. Try our AI features Register quickly and stay compliant 1 Text-enable your business  phone number 2 Get support on  10DLC registration 3 Stay compliant with opt-in management Get started Trusted by thousands of businesses Companies choose our business text messaging service for its powerful, intuitive features. We have the badges to prove it, but more importantly, here’s what our customers have to say. Heymarket is THE business messaging solution It has been phenomenal for us! We are able to get clients answers in an expedited manner, increasing our customer experience as a whole. Our onboarding has seen improvements with the ability to send reminder texts about finishing setup. Highly recommend over other business messaging applications that integrate with HubSpot. A. Ravenelle Amazing software and even better client support Huge fan of Heymarket and the entire integration with Salesforce. The software itself is great but attaching it to Salesforce with the ease and professional client relationship, it's a tool we will continue to use and grow with. S. Taver Best SMS tool on the market Heymarket has been a fantastic tool for our business. It's like having a team wide email inbox for managing SMS comms with users and customers. Today we are successfully managing our entire SMS channel through Heymarket! M. Heard Great automation and support! Heymarket’s HubSpot integration works really well and allows us to automate a lot of things for our sales team (and sales teams always need easy and automated things, right?). Plus, the technical support is awesome! A. DiSalvo Best SMS integration Heymarket allowed us to integrate with various platforms (Apple Messaging, SMS, Facebook and Slack) and bring all of that communications into HubSpot. It allows us to have two way communication and storing all of the communication in a single place. S. Pinnaka Technology Great customer service and easy to use This app was very easy to set up with clear instructions and our users are pleased with their visibility into messaging and the speed. Customer service was excellent and very responsive to questions during and after setup. L. Finkelstein Amazing support and features I had a fantastic experience with Heymarket from start to finish. The team at Heymarket is simply outstanding and always ready to assist. Their service is top-notch, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone in need of an SMS integration solution. T. Clarkson Healthcare Awesome App with tons of features and support Heymarket is the perfect app to compliment our business. Took our business to the next level and we now can't see ourselves without it. Our clients have another method of reaching us, it’s fast, intuitive, and has a load of features (templates, campaigns, automations) available. Z. Alyasiry Healthcare Tired of juggling tools? Centralize communication today. Book a demo Start free trial Free guides, templates, and best practices How to Send a Text Message through Microsoft Teams SMS If you use Microsoft Teams and need to talk with your colleagues, chances are you don’t need to ... Read the story How a Heymarket customer used ChatGPT and SMS to help prospects around the clock Digital transformation can take on different meanings for different companies. For one internet service provider, it’s about leveraging ... Read the story How to Block Text Messages There’s a good chance you’re receiving more texts than ever before. Your friends, family members, and even your ... Read the story Try it yourself Text “HEY” to (415) 562-0500 Message frequency will vary. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help or STOP to cancel. Terms of service × We use third-party cookies and tracking technologies that collect information about your use of the site. These third parties may use your information for their own purposes, as described in our Privacy Policy . © 2026 Common Sun, Inc. Product Features Pricing Automated Texting Mass Texting SMS Compliance SMS Security API SMS Services SMS Integrations Salesforce SMS HubSpot SMS Shopify SMS Zipwhip Migration Microsoft Teams SMS Slack SMS Zendesk SMS Zapier SMS Aircall SMS Clio SMS Solutions Industries Retail SMS Medical Texting Dispatch and Operations SMS Real Estate SMS Load more Higher Education SMS Law Firms SMS Automotive SMS Hospitality SMS Insurance SMS Use Cases Customer Service SMS Marketing SMS Sales SMS Operational SMS Recruiting SMS Learning Customer Success Stories Help Center Resources All SMS Resources Blog SMS Templates Generator Business SMS Glossary Text to Landline Omnichannel Messaging Learning Customer Success Stories Help Center Company Careers About Contact Sales Email Support Partner With Us Terms Privacy Security DPA Status Sitemap © 2026 Common Sun, Inc.