Homecare Software for Providers & Payers | HHAeXchange Support Login State Info Centers Alabama Arkansas Florida Hawaii Illinois Michigan Minnesota Mississippi New Jersey New York North Carolina Oklahoma Pennsylvania Texas – Consumer – Provider Virginia West Virginia View All Homecare Software Who We Serve Providers Managed Care Organizations State Medicaid Programs Self-Direction Programs What We Do For Providers EVV & Compliance Billing & Cash Flow Scheduling RCM Services Caregiver Mobile App Data Reporting & Insights Value-Based Care What’s New Integration Partners Learn More ⟶ Technology Secure, Scalable Platform Resources Resource Library Customer Stories Homecare Glossary Blog Events Company About Us Press Releases Memberships Contact Us Leadership Events Careers In the News Request Your Demo Homecare Software Who We Serve Providers Managed Care Organizations State Medicaid Programs Self-Direction Programs What We Do For Providers EVV & Compliance Billing & Payroll Scheduling Caregiver Mobile App Data Reporting & Insights Value-Based Care What’s New Integration partners Learn More ⟶ Technology Secure, Scalable Platform Resources Resources Customer Stories Homecare Glossary Blog Events Company About Us Press Releases Memberships Contact Us Leadership Events Careers News Request Your Demo Support Login State Info Centers Alabama Arkansas Florida Hawaii Illinois Michigan Minnesota Mississippi New Jersey New York North Carolina Pennsylvania Texas – Consumer – Provider West Virginia View All Enable Proactive Homecare and Better Health Outcomes Discover purpose-built technology for Providers, MCOs, and State Medicaid Programs. Request Your Demo The Connected Homecare Ecosystem HHAeXchange is the only homecare software solution that seamlessly connects providers, state Medicaid programs, managed care organizations (MCOs), and caregivers through one platform. This connection breaks down barriers and enables unparalleled efficiency, communication, transparency, and compliance. We know homecare. We know Medicaid With decades of experience in homecare and Medicaid, we know how hard it is to stay on top of a demanding, complex industry with ever-changing rules and regulations. That’s why we keep our finger on the pulse and stay one step ahead, so you can get out of the weeds and focus on what matters most. Technology That Drives Value-Based Care HHAeXchange empowers caregivers to collect real-time data and record observations at the point of care. With our value-based care tools, Care Insights and Quality Insights, providers and payers can leverage caregivers’ visits to gain proactive insights and improve health outcomes. Explore Value-Based Solutions Trusted By MCOs STATE MEDICAID PROGRAMS PROVIDERS Hear From Our Clients We have completely streamlined our process, experienced huge efficiency gains which are continuing to increase, and even bigger than all that, we have nearly eliminated mistakes. We have seen errors reduced by 80-90% on average. Polina Savich Director of Patient Services, Jzanus Home Care, Inc. I could not imagine my life managing a homecare agency without HHAeXchange. I 100% recommend HHAeXchange to other agencies because it makes life easier and homecare is not an easy business. HHAeXchange saves us money, is an efficient technology, and helps us be faster. Kateryna (Kate) Kovalenko Director of Operations, Countrywide Home Care We’ve had great feedback on the mobile app from our caregivers. Caregivers like that it is fast and simple to clock in and out, do their plan of care – it just eliminates unnecessary paperwork. And they love being able to track their hours and visits on their own and in real-time. Bryan Madden General Counsel, Bryan Skilled Home Care When we receive a new case, our primary focus is on getting that patient service. With our old process, in some scenarios, a member may have had to wait two weeks to get a caregiver. With Case Broadcasting, we’ve gotten that down to two days max. We are getting them the care they need, and that they depend on, faster. VP Corporate Support VNS Health I would definitely recommend HHAeXchange to other agencies. Homecare is a complex industry. You have caregivers, patients, payers, and what sets HHAeXchange apart is that it incorporates all those pieces together in one place to help you run an efficient business. Bryan Madden General Counsel, Bryan Skilled Home Care Prev Next HHAeXchange at Work 38 billion HOMECARE SERVICES BILLED ANNUALLY 2.7 million CAREGIVERS CLOCKING IN & OUT MONTHLY 485 million VISITS CONFIRMED ANNUALLY 2.5 million MEMBERS SERVICED MONTHLY A Platform That Works With You HHAeXchange’s platform is flexible and designed to meet your needs. Our team of implementation experts will work with you to seamlessly configure the HHAeXchange system into your daily processes, so you and your staff can start seeing the benefits right away. Integrate Every Part of Your Business Our Partner Connect program enables our clients to directly connect their HHAeXchange platform with complementary, industry-leading solutions that drive efficiency and visibility. From eLearning and earned wage access, to care intelligence and health screening, Partner Connect enables you to enhance every aspect of your operations. Explore Partner Connect Maintain Secure Network Operations and Ensure Member Privacy Security and privacy of member data is a critical requirement in the homecare industry. HHAeXchange has numerous security and privacy certifications, a secure software development lifecycle, and advanced auditing capabilities to ensure all critical activities and events are logged. Learn More More Resources From HHAeXchange See More Resources State Medicaid Programs Need to be Audit-Ready Now Efficiency is Homecare’s Best Defense Amid Policy Uncertainty See how HHAeXchange can work for you. Request Your Demo Benefits Keep Compliant Improve Outcomes Increase Efficiency Retain Caregivers Grow Your Agency Features EVV Scheduling Billing & Payroll Mobile App Reporting Company About Us Contact Us Careers Press Blog Social Media Facebook X LinkedIn Vimeo © 2025 HHAeXchange Privacy Policy Terms of Use Privacy Settings × Back to Top