Home
 
Movies
 
TV Series
 
Most Popular
 
Top Airing
Top search:
Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba - The Movie: Infinity Castle - Part 1: Akaza Returns
One Piece
Chainsaw Man the Movie: Reze Arc
Spy x Family Season 3
One-Punch Man Season 3
Gachiakuta
Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season
Demon Slayer: Mt. Natagumo Arc
Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba
Attack on Titan
Watch anime 
Share HiAnime

to your friends

11k
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Share
HiAnime.to - The best site to watch anime online for Free

Do you know that according to Google, the monthly search volume for anime related topics is up to over 1 Billion times? Anime is famous worldwide and it is no wonder we've seen a sharp rise in the number of free anime streaming sites.

Just like free online movie streaming sites, anime watching sites are not created equally, some are better than the rest, so we've decided to build HiAnime.to to be one of the best free anime streaming site for all anime fans on the world.

1/ What is HiAnime.to?

HiAnime.to is a free site to watch anime and you can even download subbed or dubbed anime in ultra HD quality without any registration or payment. By having only one ads in all kinds, we are trying to make it the safest site for free anime.

2/ Is HiAnime.to safe?

Yes we are, we do have only one Ads to cover the server cost and we keep scanning the ads 24/7 to make sure all are clean, If you find any ads that is suspicious, please forward us the info and we will remove it.

3/ So what make HiAnime.to the best site to watch anime free online?

Before building HiAnime.to, we've checked many other free anime sites, and learnt from them. We only keep the good things and remove all the bad things from all the competitors, to put it in our HiAnime website. Let's see how we're so confident about being the best site for anime streaming:

Safety: We try our best to not having harmful ads on HiAnime.
Content library: Our main focus is anime. You can find here popular, classic, as well as current titles from all genres such as action, drama, kids, fantasy, horror, mystery, police, romance, school, comedy, music, game and many more. All these titles come with English subtitles or are dubbed in many languages.
Quality/Resolution: All titles are in excellent resolution, the best quality possible. HiAnime.to also has a quality setting function to make sure our users can enjoy streaming no matter how fast your Internet speed is. You can stream the anime at 360p if your Internet is being ridiculous, Or if it is good, you can go with 720p or even 1080p anime.
Streaming experience: Compared to other anime streaming sites, the loading speed at HiAnime.to is faster. Downloading is just as easy as streaming, you won't have any problem saving the videos to watch offline later.
Updates: We updates new titles as well as fulfill the requests on a daily basis so be warned, you will never run out of what to watch on HiAnime.
User interface: Our UI and UX makes it easy for anyone, no matter how old you are, how long have you been on the Internet. Literally, you can figure out how to navigate our site after a quick look. If you want to watch a specific title, search for it via the search box. If you want to look for suggestions, you can use the site's categories or simply scroll down for new releases.
Device compatibility: HiAnime works alright on both your mobile and desktop. However, we'd recommend you use your desktop for a smoother streaming experience.
Customer care: We are in active mode 24/7. You can always contact us for any help, query, or business-related inquiry. On our previous projects, we were known for our great customer service as we were quick to fix broken links or upload requested content.

So if you're looking for a trustworthy and safe site for your Anime streaming, let's give HiAnime.to a try. And if you like us, please help us to spread the words and do not forget to bookmark our site.

Thank you!

 

Trending Posts
#Discussion 16 hours ago
191
Overhated characters 💥
Who is an anime charcter u think is overhated? These are a few I can think of : -FLOCH (AOT) -HINATA/SAKURA/SAI (NARUTO) -NEAR(DEATH NOTE) -MEGUMI(JJK) -SUZAKU(CODE GEASS) ther are so many moreeee who do u think is overhated?
 Itachi ♡ Angelfish
#General 11 hours ago
39
One piece is going to finish one day
One piece is gonna finish one day. We are gonna know what one piece is. Then people start watching knowing end of the story. Where's the fun in that? Where's the joy of adventure? Really su,cks for those people tbh I am lucky to watch this masterpiece live.
 𝐋𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 𝐘𝐚𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐢 Crab
#Discussion 8 hours ago
27
Can you mentally become japanese?
Hello, Im 34M (though tomorrow is my birthday) and I constantly watch anime, I've picked up a few words here and there but after watching so much I've often felt a connection, or a "True Calling" if you will to the beautiful nation of Japan. Now recently, ive felt myself slipping into a japanese identity, when I go to call someone an idiot... The japanese word for that: "Baka" happens to slip out instead. Instead of Hello: the phone greeting "Moshi Moshi" slips out also. Now the reason I ask this is, do you think its possible to mentally become japanese?
IFailedPreschool
#General 14 hours ago
35
Admins please ban all the bots and thoes s#x account
I have seen many people username as some s#xroll some thing and it everywhere please admins ban them and if anyone else see those type of username or account please report them Thank you .Disclaimer i mean no offence against the staff or the admins
Unknown
#General 16 hours ago
63
wait what if we lwk combined yaoi and yuri to create a romance genre between opposite genders
surely everyone will be happy then
 snakesbestsnacks Crab
#General 10 hours ago
22
today is my birthday
im using hianime for 3 to 4 years
Aniket
Read more

© HiAnime. All rights reserved.