World's Fastest VPN and Privacy Protection | hide.me Skip to content Hide.me - Homepage Why hide.me? Benefits Browse Securely Bypass Censorship Encrypted Connection Gaming VPN Hide IP Address Features Bolt - Fast Proxy IP Leak Protection IPv6 Support Port Forwarding Multihop No Logs SmartGuard Split Tunneling StealthGuard WireGuard VPN Apps Desktop Windows macOS Linux Mobile Android iPhone / iPad TV Apple TV Android TV Amazon Fire TV Browsers Chrome Firefox Edge Tools Free Proxy Password Generator Router Leak tests DNS Leak Test What is My IP? WebRTC Leak Test Free Proxy Free Proxy VPN vs. Proxy comparison Hide.me SOCKS Proxy VPN Apps Windows Android iOS macOS Linux Smart TV Apple TV Android TV Amazon Fire TV Router Overview GL.iNet Browsers Chrome Firefox Edge Others Volla OS Freifon Servers Pricing Help Blog My Account Get Hide.me EN Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Język polski Magyar Nederlands Norsk Português Suomi Svenska Türkçe Ελληνικά Українська ру́сский العَرَبِية 中文 日本語 한국어 Own Your Privacy New year, new VPN, and no one else’s business Grab the deal Pricing Guarantee: Renews at the same price and duration Get started with hide.me VPN for FREE android Created with Sketch. ios What Can hide.me VPN Do For You? Digital Privacy Surf the internet privately while keeping your real IP hidden. Keep your location safe and stop your ISP from spying on you. Advanced Security We protect your internet connection by encrypting your data so you can safely surf the web whether you are at home, work or in public. Bypass Censorship Avoid annoying censorship and access any website, app or channel safely. Make your way around any limitations and enjoy a free internet. Watch how it works X What makes hide.me VPN stand out 100% independent provider hide.me VPN is run and owned by people that care about internet privacy and security . No shadowy megacorporation. We answer to no one but the needs of our users. Fastest VPN around With our brand-new Bolt technology, you can get the fastest VPN speeds ever seen on Windows. Coupled with WireGuard support, you can see why we’re the fastest VPN provider. Full IPv6 support We have native support for IPv6. Many providers simply exclude IPv6 traffic. Our native implementation means you don't have to worry about IPv6 leaks. Get the best streaming experience We have optimised streaming servers around the globe. Allowing you to get the most from your existing streaming subscriptions. Blazing fast speeds and avoid censorship. Feel the simplicity Unlike other VPN providers, you don't need to be a rocket scientist to get started with hide.me. Download our apps and connect to the VPN with ease. We give you the freedom to connect up to 10 devices at the same time. Available on: No Log VPN. Zero. Nada We're dead serious about this one: we do not store logs of your online activity. Logs can easily link actions back to you, and some VPN providers pass these onto law officials when told to do so. We can't, as we don't have any . Simple. We don't just claim a no-log policy, ours is independently audited for your peace of mind ( Learn more ). Advanced Privacy Features Dynamic Port Forwarding With dynamic port forwarding you can automatically open necessary ports, ensuring seamless connections for games, P2P, and more - all while maintaining top-notch security. Multihop Double VPN Tunnel your connection over multiple VPN locations . It allows you to pick an entry and exit server, therefore securely tunnelling your connection over different locations. SmartGuard
Ad blocker Navigate the web with a trusted ally - SmartGuard . It proactively guards against malware, tracking, ads, and phishing threats. Stealth Guard - Smart App Control Choose which apps use the VPN . Prevent accidental leaks, restrict certain apps to VPN-only, and automatically cut internet if VPN drops - keeping you safe online. VPN Split Tunnel Split tunneling feature allows you to select the apps for which you want to route through our secure VPN, and which ones you don’t. WireGuard VPN Protocol Built with state-of-the-art cryptography and modern technology , making it extremely fast and secure. Enjoy the latest in modern encryption technology. Best VPN Network. Period. Our servers are hand-picked, security-hardened and self-maintained. Enjoy an uninterrupted browsing and streaming experience. 2600+ Servers 91+ Locations 10 Gbps Available on every server Unlimited Everything Grab the deal See what experts say about us Tweets Featured Reviews ZDNet @ZDNet http:// Hide.me VPN, hands on: Privacy-first, with good free-tier features https:// zd.net/2ztUrFW by @ marypcbuk 12:18 PM - Jun 12, 2020 Jonny Seymour @jnowcloud http:// hide.me VPN review: http:// Hide.me offers some interesting features including a completely free, anonymous trial. It now unblocks streaming services and supports WireGuard for better speeds. https:// j.mp/3hBHACL 6:09 PM - Jun 17, 2020 Esports Insider @@esportsinsider Tech company eVenture Limited, the owners of VPN service https://t.co/R5M26cY2tw ( @thevpncompany ), has agreed to acquire Croatian esports organisation @RealValiance . https://t.co/R5M26cY2tw will become the main jersey sponsor for Valiance. Read: https://t.co/9ZmfppAF0O pic.x.com/cuUFj7hUAm 5:55 PM · Sep 9, 2022 Feb 26, 2021 HostingAdvice.com "hide.me offers a comprehensive VPN product with no logging, strong encryption, and robust protection against DNS ..." Jul 10, 2025 softpas.com Need a fast, secure VPN with multi-platform apps, strong protocol support, and a strict no-logs policy? hide.me is your smart choice. Oct 17, 2021 vpntierlist.com "hide.me is a premium VPN offering without any compromises. It has excelled and surpassed most VPNs in several categories, giving it a S tier rank on the VPN Tier List." Aug 5, 2022 vpncentral.com "If you want a fast and reliable VPN, you are at the right place. Hide.me brings excellent download speed, quality, and effective encryption, and what’s more, it’s user-friendly!" Security, Without Breaking the Bank Pricing Guarantee: Your plan always renews with the same price and duration 1 Month $ 9.95 /mo Billed $9.95 monthly Get 1 month plan 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee 14 Months Includes 2 EXTRA months $ 3.50 /mo Billed $49.00 every 14 months Get 14 months plan 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee Exclusive Price 28 Months Includes 4 EXTRA months $ 2.49 /mo Billed $69.95 every 28 months Get 28 months plan 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee All amounts are in USD. VAT may apply. Questions? We’ve Got Answers. What is a VPN? hide.me VPN creates a secure tunnel using powerful VPN protocols, hides your original IP behind one of its own and encrypts all internet traffic that passes through the secure tunnel allowing you to surf the web freely. Who are hide.me VPN? hide.me VPN have been in the VPN industry for over a decade. We are based in Malaysia, as they have no data retention laws and are not part of the Fourteen Eyes Countries. We are a trailblazer in the industry being the first provider to be independently audited to be zero log , fully support IPv6 and create unique features such as Bolt and Multihop . How many devices can I use simultaneously on hide.me VPN? With the hide.me VPN Premium plan you can use unlimited data traffic and up to 10 devices simultaneously. For our Free users , you can use one device and 10 GB per month. Can I use hide.me VPN for free? Yes! We provide a top-notch free VPN service that's always free, with no trials, payments, or sign-ups required. Plus, Free users get the same security as our paid users, ensuring everyone enjoys the same level of security and anonymity. This includes zero logs ! Does hide.me VPN store payment info or log my usage? hide.me is a certified zero-log VPN . This means we log neither your payment information, personal information, or usage. Payment is processed by external providers and cannot be traced back to your VPN account. Here you can find out more about our privacy policy . Is hide.me VPN secure? Yes. hide.me VPN is secure, safe, and most importantly; legal. We support modern encryption standards and have a clean history without any data breaches. We were even one of the first VPN providers to be independently certified as log free ! It's simple: we don't log any data and all your traffic is encrypted. And we publish a transparency report every year, if you'd like to see the external requests for information we receive. Will hide.me VPN slow down my internet connection? hide.me VPN will not slow down your Internet connection or otherwise mess with your device. In some cases, it might even make it faster ( Bolt , routing issues). Although encrypting your network traffic imposes some strain on your CPU, choosing a modern VPN protocol like WireGuard resolves even that hindrance. Does hide.me VPN have a money-back guarantee? Yes. hide.me VPN has a 30-day money-back guarantee no questions asked. Products VPN for Windows VPN for macOS VPN for Android VPN for iPhone / iPad VPN for Linux VPN for Amazon Fire TV VPN for Chrome VPN for Firefox VPN for Edge Free VPN Free Proxy Learn more What is a VPN? Hide IP Address Our VPN Protocols Bolt - Fast Proxy Multihop Tools DNS Leak Test Password Generator WebRTC Leak Test What is My IP? VPN Setup Guide About Blog Community Our Mission Press Privacy Policy Terms of Service VPN Reviews Partners Affiliates Business Reseller Follow Us Twitter TikTok Reddit Discord Facebook YouTube Language Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Język polski Magyar Nederlands Norsk Português Suomi Svenska Türkçe Ελληνικά Українська ру́сский العَرَبِية 中文 日本語 한국어 ©2025  eVenture Ltd. All Rights Reserved. WireGuard® is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld. Need help? Chat with us now!