Highbeam | AI-Powered Finance for Consumer Brands No items found. Products Products Products Intelligence Banking Bill Pay Capital Card Platform Security Ecosystem From the blog Expert finance agents for consumer brands. Powered by Highbeam Intelligence. Read more Solutions Solutions Solutions For brands For financial advisors For accounting firms For investors For lenders From the blog Bootstrapping 101: how to scale a brand sustainably Read more Resources Resources Resources Blog FAQ About us Guide to banking Guide to credit Working capital calculator Latest tariffs tracker Compare credit offers From the blog Our $30M Series A to build the AI-powered financial command center for consumer brands Read more Pricing Login Book a Demo Login Get Started No items found. Consumer Startups readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free. Founders Club readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Workspace6 readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Ecom Email Marketer readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Chase Dimond subscribers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Consumer VC readers: Get expedited capital review + 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free The Operators Black Friday webinar attendees get 2 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Apply for Highbeam Capital through Boundless to get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free. Cody’s newsletter readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free. We’re excited to partner with The Operators Podcast to offer subscribers 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free Nik Sharma readers get 3 months of Highbeam Intelligence, free. Make your brand's cash smarter AI-powered finance that earns you more on idle cash, returns real money on ad spend, and automates cash flow. Thank you! Your email has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Highbeam is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank, Member FDIC. Watch video Trusted by hundreds of consumer brands Modern financial infrastructure built for modern brands One trusted partner Banking, capital, cards, bill pay, and finance operations all in one platform—to save you time and money. Intelligence that works for you Agents that automate scenario planning, treasury, bookkeeping and more. It’s your finance team that never sleeps. Leverage our expertise Access our best-in-class services, customized for you, and connect with exclusive, top-tier financial partners. Finance agents that ‍ do the work for you Highbeam Intelligence gives you expert agents that automate important, manual finance tasks to save you time through automated scenario analysis, treasury, reporting, and more. See Highbeam Intelligence in action Up to 3.29% annual percentage yield with $3M FDIC insurance 2 Maximize your returns with competitive yields on checking and savings, automatically optimized with $3M FDIC insurance on deposits through Thread Bank, member FDIC, for total peace of mind. Learn more about banking Capital that adapts to you Whether it’s a revolving line of credit, a cash advance, or a custom solution, we provide flexible terms and transparent rates tailored to your brand’s needs. Discover Highbeam Capital Cash back or extended terms– your choice Choose between cash back up to 2.3% or extended repayment options. 3 Simplify spend management and keep your focus on growth. Check out the Highbeam Card Streamline your payments Integrated bill pay lowers costs, boosts security, and automates manual tasks, so you can pay vendors quickly and confidently. Simplify with Highbeam Bill Pay Before Highbeam, the cash flow drove the strategy instead of the business. Highbeam put us back in control. Lauren Goldberg CEO, Suzie Kondi Highbeam stands next to me, providing a safety net and a transparent line of credit. Unlike a debt provider, I know we can build together for the long run. Mickey Ashmore Founder and CEO, Sabah I strongly believe founder finances are just too complicated. Highbeam solves a genuine need by providing the financial organization that enables me to control my own business. Suzanne Lehrer Dumaine Founder and CEO, Stocked by Three Owls Growth is hard. Sustainable, profitable growth is much harder — and it's here that Highbeam can be a game changer for brand founders. Ricky Joshi Co-founder and CSO, Saatva Waiting a month for accounting close to manage spend just wasn't good enough. Highbeam lets us see where our money is going in real-time which is invaluable. Sib Mahapatra Co-founder, Branch Furniture Before modern entrants like Highbeam, you were stuck with traditional banks that don’t understand your business or institutional startup banks that may not deliver on what you need. For emerging brands, Highbeam makes a lot of sense. David Whitcroft Head of Consumer and CFO, Full Stack Finance Highbeam allows me to manage my business cash flow in real-time. These insights help me save what matters most—time and money. Maurice Mosseri Co-founder, Still Here My old bank had a user experience from a decade ago and I had to wait on hold for an hour to talk to anyone. Highbeam understands my business, and someone is always available. Switching was a no-brainer. Jimmy Lin Founder and President, Heat Press Nation Highbeam has been a great asset to VADA's growth. Samir and his team have been extremely helpful with financial planning and funding. We love how easy it is to do business internationally using Highbeam. Katie Caplener Founder and Designer, Vada Jewelry Highbeam’s high interest savings account puts my extra cash to work while still giving me instant access to it. It’s a win-win. Adrian Alfieri Founder, Verbatim Labs Highbeam is not only a best-in-class banking platform for ecommerce brands but it also drastically improved how we manage and plan our finances. María Romero Founder, Tintorería Highbeam's cash flow tools have added efficiencies to my weekly cash management process saving both time and money. Doreen Deymen Controller, Tushy Highbeam helps you predict and forecast when and where you might need capital next, then it helps you access it, all within the same platform, with much lower rates. Nik Sharma CEO, Sharma Brands It’s a massive relief to know that there’s someone that has my back financially. With Highbeam in my corner, I can focus on building Sabah in a thoughtful way. Mickey Ashmore Founder and CEO, Sabah Highbeam saves us thousands every month. Managing our finances is so much easier now, and the personal service is just top-notch. Alex Crane CEO, Alex Crane I love Highbeam for it's ease of use—they're not a legacy system where it takes ten minutes to switch pages or create a new wire. Samir and his team have been really supportive and prompt when I've had any issues. Adam Humphreys Partner, Labucq Before Highbeam, the cash flow drove the strategy instead of the business. Highbeam put us back in control. Lauren Goldberg CEO, Suzie Kondi Highbeam stands next to me, providing a safety net and a transparent line of credit. Unlike a debt provider, I know we can build together for the long run. Mickey Ashmore Founder and CEO, Sabah I strongly believe founder finances are just too complicated. Highbeam solves a genuine need by providing the financial organization that enables me to control my own business. Suzanne Lehrer Dumaine Founder and CEO, Stocked by Three Owls Growth is hard. Sustainable, profitable growth is much harder — and it's here that Highbeam can be a game changer for brand founders. Ricky Joshi Co-founder and CSO, Saatva Waiting a month for accounting close to manage spend just wasn't good enough. Highbeam lets us see where our money is going in real-time which is invaluable. Sib Mahapatra Co-founder, Branch Furniture Before modern entrants like Highbeam, you were stuck with traditional banks that don’t understand your business or institutional startup banks that may not deliver on what you need. For emerging brands, Highbeam makes a lot of sense. David Whitcroft Head of Consumer and CFO, Full Stack Finance Highbeam allows me to manage my business cash flow in real-time. These insights help me save what matters most—time and money. Maurice Mosseri Co-founder, Still Here My old bank had a user experience from a decade ago and I had to wait on hold for an hour to talk to anyone. Highbeam understands my business, and someone is always available. Switching was a no-brainer. Jimmy Lin Founder and President, Heat Press Nation Highbeam has been a great asset to VADA's growth. Samir and his team have been extremely helpful with financial planning and funding. We love how easy it is to do business internationally using Highbeam. Katie Caplener Founder and Designer, Vada Jewelry Highbeam’s high interest savings account puts my extra cash to work while still giving me instant access to it. It’s a win-win. Adrian Alfieri Founder, Verbatim Labs Highbeam is not only a best-in-class banking platform for ecommerce brands but it also drastically improved how we manage and plan our finances. María Romero Founder, Tintorería Highbeam's cash flow tools have added efficiencies to my weekly cash management process saving both time and money. Doreen Deymen Controller, Tushy Highbeam helps you predict and forecast when and where you might need capital next, then it helps you access it, all within the same platform, with much lower rates. Nik Sharma CEO, Sharma Brands It’s a massive relief to know that there’s someone that has my back financially. With Highbeam in my corner, I can focus on building Sabah in a thoughtful way. Mickey Ashmore Founder and CEO, Sabah Highbeam saves us thousands every month. Managing our finances is so much easier now, and the personal service is just top-notch. Alex Crane CEO, Alex Crane I love Highbeam for it's ease of use—they're not a legacy system where it takes ten minutes to switch pages or create a new wire. Samir and his team have been really supportive and prompt when I've had any issues. Adam Humphreys Partner, Labucq The community built for founders We understand the challenges of starting and growing a brand. With Highbeam, you're not alone—join a community of founders and finance leaders and grow together. Up to 2% cash back on ads 1% cash back on everything No fees No limits Pricing Pick the plan that works best for your brand. We grow with you. Get started for free → Built for growing omni-channel brands The typical brand using Highbeam makes over $5M in annual sales. We check all the boxes Get started now All-in-one place Don’t use 7-10 different finance tools. Highbeam puts everything you need into one intuitive platform. $3M FDIC insurance 2 Deposits are FDIC-insured up to $3M through our partner bank, Thread Bank, member FDIC. Highbeam community When you are a Highbeam customer, you tap into our network of high-growth brands and preferred vendors. Always secure We never use your data without your permission and have enterprise grade security to keep your information safe and secure. The path to profitability starts now Try our value calculator and get an estimate of the value Highbeam can bring your business. Calculate your savings (takes less than 5 minutes) FAQs What is Highbeam? Highbeam is a finance platform for ecommerce businesses. Highbeam accounts feature: Checking account High interest savings account Virtual and physical cards with up to 2% cash back on ad spend and 1% on everything else 4 ACH payments, domestic and international wire transfers Revolving line of credit Real time spend management and insights Ecommerce platform integrations and dashboard Other tools and features to help you run your ecommerce business What do I need to apply for an account? Highbeam is open to ecommerce and omni-channel brands. To be eligible, you must be a U.S. company with the following: Personal identification documents from the business owner The business’s Employer Identification Number Business name, industry, address, email, and telephone number Registration certificates, business licenses, and/or articles of incorporation Are my funds insured? Yes, your deposits qualify for up to $3,000,000 in FDIC insurance coverage when placed at program banks in the Thread Bank deposit sweep program. Your deposits at each program bank become eligible for FDIC insurance up to $250,000, inclusive of any other deposits you may already hold at the bank in the same ownership capacity. You can access the terms and conditions of the sweep program here and a list of program banks here . You can learn more about FDIC insurance on the FDIC website . What does Highbeam cost? We believe in transparent, accessible financial services. Because of that, there are no hidden fees or costs. That is, no minimum account balance needed, no ACH, domestic wire or overdraft fees, and no monthly or annual fees. Advanced features such as Highbeam Capital charges a flat interest rate on loans, clearly called out as APR. International transfers sent in USD have a flat fee of $20 to cover SWIFT charges and non-USD transfers are free after currency exchange. International transactions made via Highbeam cards incur a 1% fee that’s charged by Visa. How much credit can I get from Highbeam? The amount varies depending on many factors, but can roughly be estimated to start at 15-day ecommerce payout revenue growing upwards of 1-month. See more FAQs The financial stack built for brands One integrated platform that automates cash flow management and maximizes profitability. Thank you! Your email has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Company Contact us Careers Legal Resources Blog FAQs Guide to banking Guide to credit For CFOs Value calculator Follow us Follow Us on Linkedin Send us an email © 2025 Highbeam, Inc. All rights reserved. "Highbeam" and the Highbeam logo are registered trademarks of Highbeam, Inc. Highbeam is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank, Member FDIC. FDIC insurance is available for funds on deposit through Thread Bank, FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. Certain conditions must be satisfied for pass-through deposit insurance coverage to apply. The Highbeam Visa debit card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa cards are accepted. 1. The interest rate on the Business Deposit Account is .89% with Annual Percentage Yield (APY) of .89% for accounts with balances of at least $150,000; the interest rate on the Business Deposit Account is 1.09% with Annual Percentage Yield of 1.10% for accounts with balances of at least $250,000; the interest rate on the Business Deposit Account is 1.23% with Annual Percentage Yield of 1.23% for accounts with balances of at least $500,000; the interest rate on the Business Savings Account is 2.39% with Annual Percentage Yield of 2.41%; the interest rate on the Business Savings Account is 2.83% with Annual Percentage Yield of 2.87% for customers offered the high-interest tier that maintain a minimum balance of $1,000,000; the interest rate on the Business Savings Account is 3.24% with Annual Percentage Yield of 3.29% for customers offered the high-interest tier that maintain a minimum balance of $3,000,000. The interest rates are accurate as of 11/03/25 and are variable and subject to change based on the target range of the federal funds rate. 2. Your deposits qualify for up to $3,000,000 in FDIC insurance coverage when Thread Bank places them at program banks in its deposit sweep program. Your deposits at each program bank become eligible for FDIC insurance up to $250,000, inclusive of any other deposits you may already hold at the bank in the same ownership capacity.  You can access the terms and conditions of the sweep program at thread.bank/sweep-disclosure and a list of program banks at thread.bank/program-banks . Please contact customerservice@thread.bank with questions on the sweep program. Pass-through insurance coverage is subject to conditions. 3. Minimum balance requirements apply; see cashback program terms and conditions here.