Hillsdale College - Developing Minds. Improving Hearts. Skip to content Hillsdale College - Home MENU Donate Search Academics Academic Calendar 2024-2025 (Opens in new window) Course Catalog 2024-2025 (Opens in new window) Majors & Minors Classical Liberal Arts Core Our Faculty Van Andel Graduate School of Statesmanship (Hillsdale) Diana Davis Spencer Graduate School of Classical Education (Hillsdale) (Opens in new window) Van Andel Graduate School of Government (D.C.) (Opens in new window) Registrar - Academic Calendar, Course Catalog, Class Schedules, Final Exam Calendar Academic Resources Library and Archives Beyond Classrooms Student Outcomes Philosophy, the University, and Hillsdale College Academic Services Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Application Process - Apply Now Financial Aid Graduate Admissions Veteran Admissions High School Summer Travel Courses Liberty & Learning Youth Conferences Visiting Campus Regional Events Credit Transfer Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Campus Life Residential Life Spiritual Life Greek Life Student Support Clubs & Intramurals Honor Code Honorary Societies Volunteer Opportunities Events Calendar Traditions Campus Bookstore (Opens in new window) Around Campus Campus Security Developing Minds. Improving Hearts. The Character of Our Civic Conversation Athletics Hillsdale Charger Athletics (Opens in new window) Ticket Information (Opens in new window) Athletic Camps (Opens in new window) Student-Athlete Advisory Committee (Opens in new window) Athletics Staff Directory (Opens in new window) NCAA Compliance (Opens in new window) Hillsdale College Shooting Sports Support Hillsdale Athletics (Opens in new window) Strength Rejoices in the Challenge 2016 Charger Hall of Fame: Andrew Kincannon Alumni Hillsdale College Alumni Alumni Events Alumni Association Connections and Resources Alumni Publications Contact Alumni Relations Get Involved Alumni Spotlight: Nick & Kjerstin Kauffman, '08 Centers & Educational Outreach Center for Constructive Alternatives Allan P. Kirby, Jr. Center for Constitutional Studies and Citizenship Imprimis (Opens in new window) Online Courses Lifelong Learning Opportunities Hillsdale Hostel National Leadership Seminars Charles R. and Kathleen K. Hoogland Center for Teacher Excellence The Blake Center for Faith and Freedom (Opens in new window) The Center for Commerce and Freedom (Opens in new window) Hillsdale Academy Hillsdale K-12: An American Classical Education (Opens in new window) Hillsdale K-12 at Home The Churchill Project Freedom Library Catalog (PDF) (Opens in new window) Free Market Forum Freedom Forums Hillsdale College Receptions Hillsdale College Cruises The Hillsdale College Podcast Network (Opens in new window) Hillsdale College Law Enforcement Outreach Freedom Library: An Online Collection of Lectures Hillsdale K-12 An American Classical Education About Mission History College Profile Letter from the President Leadership Our Faculty Our Staff Campus Facilities Press Releases News and Media Virtue and Valor, The Official Blog of Hillsdale College Jobs at Hillsdale Contact Us Developing Minds. Improving Hearts. "Through education the student rises to self-government." Hillsdale College Honor Code Support Hillsdale Ways to Give The President's Club Legacy Society Independence Club Parents Association Hillsdale Associates Gift & Estate Planning (Opens in new window) Info For Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Current Students Parents Alumni Donors & Friends Faculty & Staff K-12: An American Classical Education Admissions Events Imprimis Online Courses Podcasts Donate Info For Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Current Students Parents Alumni Donors & Friends Faculty & Staff K-12: An American Classical Education Admissions Events Imprimis Online Courses Podcasts Donate Search How would you like to learn with Hillsdale College? Degree Focused Undergraduate Degree Graduate Degree Current Students Parents Alumni Lifelong Learning Freedom Library Online Courses Podcasts Imprimis K-12: An American Classical Education Developing Minds. Improving Hearts. Hillsdale College is a small, Christian, classical liberal arts college in southern Michigan that operates independently of government funding. Our students come from nearly all of the United States and a dozen foreign countries. Drawn to the challenge of a Hillsdale education, they grow in heart and mind by studying timeless truths in a supportive community dedicated to the highest things. Get Started Request Info Explore Programs Tuition & Aid Hillsdale College Online Courses Center for Constructive Alternatives National Leadership Seminars Free Market Forum Freedom Forum Center for Teacher Excellence Educational Cruises Hillsdale Hostels Hillsdale President Receptions FREE ONLINE COURSE | ENROLL TODAY Watch the Trailer Learn More Powered by Hillsdale College FREE ONLINE COURSE | ENROLL TODAY Hillsdale College Free Online Courses — America’s Public Education These free, not-for-credit courses are taught by Hillsdale College faculty and are patterned after the education offered on the Hillsdale College campus. They aim to provide students with an education that pursues knowledge of the highest things, provides insight into the nature of God and man, forms character, and defends constitutional government. We invite you to learn with us Have you seen Hillsdale on TV? Start Learning The Larry Arnn Show Larry P. Arnn, President of Hillsdale College Larry P. Arnn, President of Hillsdale College, sits down with guests of the College to talk about topics of enduring relevance. Visit the Hillsdale College Podcast Network Support Hillsdale’s Independence For more than 170 years, Hillsdale College has promoted “the diffusion of sound learning” as the best means of preserving “the blessings of civil and religious liberty and intellectual piety.” Your support is essential to the College. To maintain our independence in every regard, Hillsdale does not accept one penny of state or federal taxpayer funding—even indirectly in the form of student grants and loans. Ways to Give Facts about Hillsdale College College Profile Hillsdale at a Glance Pursuing Truth Defending Liberty Government Funding Accepted Not One Penny Colleges of Distinction 2021–2022 College of Distinction Colleges of Distinction 2021–2022 Michigan College of Distinction Colleges of Distinction 2021–2022 Career Development College of Distinction The Princeton Review The 386 Best Colleges The Michigan Press Association Best Weekly College Newspaper in Michigan Average Class Size 15 Students Student-to-Faculty Ratio 9:1 Graduate Placement Rate 98% Best College Reviews 50 Best Colleges for Greek Life Hillsdale College Imprimis 6,600,000+ subscribers Hillsdale College Online Courses 3,000,000+ Students Classical K-12 School Initiative 90+ Schools Previous slide Next slide Professors choose Hillsdale for the same reasons you do. Our faculty prize having the time and freedom to give full due to big ideas (yours included). From your very first class, you’ll know your professors believe heart and soul in helping you become a careful reader, an analytical thinker, and an able writer. Full Bio In my classes, I therefore try to fill my students' lives with as much goodness, truth and beauty as I can. Dr. Daniel Coupland Full Bio "I think literature, like all arts, speaks not simply to the rational part of people but to the whole person. Dr. Kelly Scott Franklin Always a Hillsdalian. The connections you make here endure. The lessons you learn here prepare you to tackle challenges throughout your professional career. And the character and virtue you develop here will help you lead a good life, in every sense of the word. Key Links for Alumni Hillsdale Alumni Website Alumni Board Upcoming Events Hillsdale Bookstore Alumni Profile Peters leads ORNL’s Quantum Information Science group and has been working in the field since 2001. He served as workshop cochair and led a breakout session on quantum networking hardware. –Nick Peters, Hillsdale College Physics Major (2000) Alumni Profile "The expectation of doing well is pretty ubiquitous at Hillsdale. I was a chemistry major, which was very difficult, and learning how to write well made me a better researcher." –Peter Highlander, DPM, MS '07 Previous slide Next slide Education for a Good Life What is the Core Curriculum? What is the Honor Code? What is the Freshman Pledge? Innovation and The Liberal Arts G. H. Gordon Biological Station The Good, the True, and the Beautiful Strength Rejoices in the Challenge | Hillsdale College Athletics Hillsdale College - Home Learn More (517) 437-7341 Apply Now Request Information Map and Directions Campus Map Contact the College Centers & Educational Outreach Allan P. Kirby, Jr. Center for Constitutional Studies and Citizenship Center for Constructive Alternatives Imprimis National Leadership Seminars The Churchill Project Hillsdale Hostels Online Courses Hillsdale College Law Enforcement Outreach Connect Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Hillsdale Blog Information For: Undergraduate Admissions Current Students Alumni Parents Donors & Friends Faculty & Staff Log In (myHillsdale) College Profile Dow Hotel and Conference Center Rockwell Lake Lodge Hillsdale Home Connection Support Hillsdale The Hillsdale College Official Store Careers at Hillsdale Hillsdale Academy Privacy Policy Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions Mobile Messaging Opt-in Cookies Settings