Dating App for You to Date as You Are | Hily Download App About Blog Support Press Contact us Download App Download App Appstore Google Play Scan to download / Click to visit a Store Date as you are Stay YOU. Connect MORE Explore Now Hily comes from Hey, I Like You! Yep, this simple because why complicate dating? Other dating apps may promise you perfect matches or the love of your life overnight. Instead, Hily app allows you to be truly yourself and enjoy dating as you are. Keep it real—join our dating app community where your authenticity is all that matters. 1.5B+ likes sent 35M+ awesome users 50M+ mutuals annually Easy and safe features of Hily dating app Compatibility matches They love dogs, you love cats—will it work? Icebreakers You don't need a polar bear to break the ice! Dating tips Data-backed ideas for your online dating app profile Safety checks To keep scammers, spammers, and other bummers away Download Hily dating app for FREE Be you and get the best experience from dating apps Enjoying yourself on dates is simple. All you need is to be genuine, be yourself, and don’t be an ass to other people. Try Hily, and you’ll become part of a dating community where authentic people are looking for real connections. Discover how to get the most out of your dating life with Hily, your next favorite dating app that prioritizes authenticity. Just be you: Authenticity is key in online dating. Skip the pretense—and let your true self shine. It’s so easy to be honest once you allow yourself to. Whether you’re seeking casual chats or serious connections, just be you. Connect with people: Take it easy and do it like you would at a friend’s party. None of the online dating apps are 100% guaranteed match machines. So start a conversation and see where that dating story leads you. There is always someone for you! Be respectful: Hily aims to build a dating community, so please, treat everyone you meet on online dating apps with respect and kindness. Even if you end up going for another dating app, hear us out—be good, and don’t turn into a cyber-douchebag (that’s enough of them, right?) Let’s make dating real, easy, natural, and fun again! Show More Nov 10, 2025 Telepathy in Love: What is It and What Are the Signs You and Your Partner Have It? Do you have those weird moments when you're thinking about your partner and then they text you out of nowhere? Or you both say the exact same thing at the exact same time and just look at each other like "wait, what?" That could be telepathy in love. Nov 07, 2025 What Are the Psychological Effects of False Accusations in a Relationship? In this article, we'll break down what happens when false accusations enter a relationship, how they mess with your mental health and what you can actually do about it Nov 07, 2025 Does He Like Me More than a Friend? — Signs He’s Catching Feelings Starting off as friends with someone you like can be quite the muddy waters to tread. You don't want to assume he's into you and make things awkward, but you also don't want to miss the signs if he's actually catching romantic feelings. Thankfully, there are actual signs that can help you figure out if he's catching feelings or if you're still in the friend zone Nov 07, 2025 What is Dating Timeline and How Do You Handle the Different Stages of a Relationship? The dating timeline is unique for each couple. Your relationship is yours, and it should move at whatever pace is right for both of you. But knowing what typically comes next can help deal with all the butterflies and big decisions that come with falling for someone Sep 05, 2025 Understanding Lovesickness: Symptoms and Effective Coping Strategies Lovesickness can cause depression, anxiety and even grief if things don’t turn out the way you expected. But don’t worry, there are ways to  find calm in your life again EN French German Italian Portuguese Spanish Dutch About Hily Blog Support Press center Contact us Single Women Dating Single Men Dating International Dating Divorced Dating Latin Dating Partnerships Influencers Premium Safety / Reporting #hilyshare Law Enforcement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Your safety matters Subscription Terms Your Privacy Rights Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy © 2025 Hily. All rights reserved. Download App Download App Appstore Google Play Scan to download / Click to visit a Store