Lillio - The Best Childcare Solution for Daycare Centers | Lillio Solutions Center management Simplify center operations and streamline managing and growing a quality early childhood program. Curriculum Get ready-to-use, developmentally appropriate lesson plans aligned to standards across North America. Family engagement Connect with parents and keep them informed about their child's day! Billing & payments Make billing easy and stop chasing parents for payments. Professional development Research-based online professional development courses for educators. Users Owners and directors Everything you need to build a high-quality program, all in one place. Educators More meaningful interactions with children and families. Families Get updates about your child’s day and pay tuition from anywhere. Pricing Resources Lillio Webinars Join us for interactive live webinars. Lillio Activities Explore preschool and daycare activities your classroom will love! Customer Stories Learn how our customers are growing their centers with Lillio. Early Learning Blog Find articles for ECE tips, tricks and best practices. Industry Snapshot Report E-books Preschool Podcast Printable Templates How to Start a Daycare See All Resources ➜ About About Lillio (formerly HiMama) Learn about what makes Lillio special. Careers Accelerate your career while making a difference! Browse our open roles. Contact Us Get in touch with our team. We’d love to hear from you. Press Want to share the HiMama story? Find our press kit here. Download Find our app in the App Store and Google Play Store Support Center Looking for support? We have hundreds of articles to help you out! Request a Demo Log In Skip to Content #1 Rated Childcare Management Software Build, manage and grow your early childhood program with Lillio Lillio (formerly HiMama) saves you time on administrative tasks, simplifies payments, and delivers developmentally appropriate curriculum aligned to state standards for your early childhood program. Request a demo Reviewed by 35,000+ happy customers 4.9 Trusted by thousands of childcare centers Play Video 4.9 star rating 2.1B moments shared with families 500k curriculum kits delivered 25K CEUs distributed Learn why thousands of high-quality centers partner with Lillio Book a demo What our customers are saying Lillio billing has saved so much time. If I were working a 40 hour week, I was probably dedicating 15-20 hours to billing. It was not sustainable. With that time back, I can now be the hands on director that I want to be. Missy Knechel Victory Early Learning Academy Owner | 9 Classrooms Since implementing Lillio our parent communication has drastically improved. Not only that, but my relationship with Lillio has been amazing! Sarah Rhodebeck Gateway Region YMCA Executive Director | 15+ locations The biggest piece of value [Lillio] has brought to our educators is streamlining their weekly planning and observations. Educators now have more time to engage and interact with the children and provide quality education. Champagne Domingo Uni-Vision Childcare Owner | 2 Classrooms I am noticing my teachers implementing their learning from Lillio Academy in their classrooms. As the person responsible for their growth, that is what you want to see. Wazhma Masarweh Resurrection Lutheran Child Development Director | 4 Classrooms Why partner with Lillio Here’s how our platform makes a real impact in the lives of educators, directors, families and childcare centers worldwide. 100% uplift in Happy Vine Villa’s parent satisfaction. 85% of parents believe that communication helps them support their child’s developmental. 77% of parents want more details about their child’s day. 95% of customers say Lillio fosters better communication with parents. Request a demo Read more customer stories How Tavistock Little Pre-school saved hours on documentation with Lillio Read full story How MIGHT Technology & Learning achieved a 5 star QRIS rating with Lillio. Read full story How Tavistock Little Pre-school saved hours on documentation with Lillio Read full story How MIGHT Technology & Learning achieved a 5 star QRIS rating with Lillio. Read full story Check out some of our most popular resources! Online Event! Missed the Back to School Summit? Catch up on recorded sessions from industry experts! Watch the Recordings World-class customer support Get access to an award-winning onboarding team, a dedicated account manager, and a support team that is just an email or call away. Lillio is committed to your center’s success. Ready to see what Lillio can do? Request a demo Follow Us Instagram LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Solutions Owners & Directors Parents Educators Enterprise Home Daycare Resources Download Customer Stories Frameworks Associations Free Templates Company Lillio Helps Webinar Preschool Podcast ECE Blog About Us Careers Press Accessibility Support Internet Safety FAQ Contact Us Support Center Vulnerability Reporting Sitemap Accessibility Contact Sales Toll Free North America 1-800-905-1876 Direct Support Line 1-844-975-1275 Request A Call Home Privacy Policy Terms Copyright ©2013-2025 Lillio.