Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society | HIMSS News Events Contact Us Who We Are About Us HIMSS is a global advisor & leader supporting the transformation of the health ecosystem. Explore our commitment to advancing global health through technology! Executive Leadership Meet the HIMSS Executive Leadership team, driving innovation and excellence in health information and technology. Click to know more! Board of Directors Meet the HIMSS Board of Directors team. Learn about our leader's expertise and their commitment to transforming global healthcare. Advisory Board Meet our Advisory Board Members across different regions. Click to learn about their expertise & contribution to transforming healthcare. Membership Individual Membership Become a HIMSS member & get access to the HIMSS global network of health information, technology professionals, cutting-edge education courses, events, and more. Organizational Membership Signup for organizational affiliate membership to get access to health IT education, professional development, & networking for your entire organization. Not sure which membership is right for you? Get in touch Career Growth Professional Development Open doors for career advancement with our expert-led training and world-recognized certifications. Approved Education Partners Enhance your expertise in health tech by joining HIMSS Approved Education Partners program which provides accredited training. Certifications Elevate your healthcare IT career with HIMSS professional certifications. Gain essential skills, industry-recognized credentials, and a competitive edge to excel in the healthcare field. Global Proposal Submission Portal Your gateway to getting involved in thought leadership opportunities across the HIMSS ecosystem. Not sure which product is right for you? Get in touch Solutions Digital Health Solutions Get an outcomes-focused roadmap for getting full value from your tools—across EMR, infrastructure, analytics and beyond. Digital Health Technology Partner Program Team up with our approved partners to implement new technologies and progress through our maturity models faster. Digital Health Consulting Partner Program Team up with a trusted consulting partner to help navigate your digital health transformation journey. HIMSS Media Reach the largest global network of digital health decision-makers. Explore HIMSS Media offerings and publications. Network Communities Connect with fellow community members at HIMSS to share ideas, discuss trends, and tackle healthcare challenges & solutions relevant to your region! Committees Join HIMSS Committee & contribute to HIMSS initiative of transforming global health technology. Take your career, network & engagement to the next level. Chapters Join HIMSS Chapters to provide expertise, influence & advocate change in the health IT sector. Make local connections & create a positive impact globally. Member Advancement You’ve got dedication and expertise — get the advanced status you’ve earned. Be recognized as an elite contributor to HIMSS and the global health tech community by becoming an advanced HIMSS member. Initiatives Global Content and Programming With expertise spanning from operations to frontline care, our events, thought leadership, and education will help you tackle health's toughest challenges. Public Policy & Advocacy Explore HIMSS Public Policy & Advocacy, driving progress in healthcare information & technology through policy reform & strategic advocacy. Partnership & Alliance Initiatives HIMSS partners with organizations to transform health IT by accelerating health, enhancing nursing outcomes, & expanding career opportunities. Changemaker in Health Awards These inspiring Changemakers rigorously challenge the status quo within their journey to build a brighter health future. Insights Market Insights Get end-to-end research support, from data collection to report creation. HIMSS Global Insights Build deep expertise in healthcare’s toughest niches with our cutting-edge research. Resources Get actionable insights, trends on health topics from our experts! Join Us Log In Account User View profile Log out HIMSS26 is the destination to learn, connect, innovate. We’ve built a program to arm you and your peers with the insights you need to transform health systems back at home. You’ll leave with expert insights and be prepared to drive exceptional impact . Act now to save on registration. Join us in Las Vegas and Copenhagen. Las Vegas Copenhagen POWERING HEALTH INNOVATION Through our solutions, events, expertise and a global community that is 125,000+ strong, we are driving real change through information and technology. Together, we’re creating better health for all. Join HIMSS Our community Where leaders connect, where equity starts HIMSS is a community of leaders and boundary-pushers. Our events, training and models equip you with the expertise you need to make care more equitable for all. The biggest global community in health tech Our members include more than 125,000 individuals, 430+ provider organizations, 500+ nonprofit partners and 550+ health services organizations. Become a member Professional development & certifications Advance your career with our curated courses, professional certifications and accredited continuing education hours. Register now Digital transformation tools & support Our Digital Health Indicator, Maturity Models, and Digital Health Technology Partner Program enable personalized care at scale and alleviates clinician burnout. Learn more Public policy & advocacy Collaborating with health policy experts, we inform decision-makers across all levels of government and provide policy recommendations that leverage data and technology to advance health. Register now My experience with HIMSS has been incredibly valuable, providing me with access to cutting-edge insights in health IT and fostering connections with industry leaders. The knowledge and networking opportunities have significantly enhanced my professional growth and understanding of healthcare innovations. Sepi Browning IT Director & Piedmont Healthcare CEO, Brighthour HIT Consulting Being an active member of HIMSS at the Global, State and Local levels has been one of the best decisions I have made in my Healthcare Career. It allowed me to leverage and collaborate other Healthcare Professionals in advocating for Legislation to improve the patient experience. A. Lee Lavergne Consultant, Network Community Members create real-life change We connect every HIMSS member to a global network of industry experts, exclusive events and curated learning, equipping them with the tools to create change. Community of professionals Join a community of healthcare, technology and research experts that innovate at local, national and global scales. Become a member Access to industry expertise Explore expert insights on pressing industry topics, from cyber security to health equity. Learn more Event exclusives Members enjoy exclusive perks, including discounts on our largest national and global events. Learn more Invest in your career Showcase your expertise with our certifications and courses that empower healthcare and technology professionals to stand out in a competitive marketplace. 2,500+ certified professionals Join our community of 2,500+ healthcare professionals that have distinguished themselves in a competitive field through our three certifications. 5 compelling courses Gain access to five insightful and compelling courses, touching on a range of topics from implementing AI to data reporting, that support your career growth. The CIO Connect advantage Propelling health technology leaders into the future, our CIO Connect program provides aspiring and current CIOs with unique learning opportunities. Putting digital transformation into action We help organizations accelerate their digital health transformation through maturity models and partner expertise, so we can all advance health. 120 question maturity assessment Our Digital Health Indicator’s in-depth assessment measures every dimension of your ecosystem to find areas of improvement. Digital Health Indicator 6 maturity models Our eight-stage maturity models have supported 2,500+ professionals during their digital health transformation. Maturity models 35+ partners HIMSS’ Digital Health Technology Partners can help you realize the full potential of your technology investments through a range of on-site assessments and advisory services. Our Digital Health Partners Market Insights Gain insight into a topic important to your organization with HIMSS Market Insights custom surveys. Inform your business decisions and generate data-based content to fuel marketing strategy including digital, content, events and industry presentations. Our insights Latest resources & news What’s new in digital health Keep your finger on the pulse of the industry's latest trends, technologies and discoveries. Featured resources December 29, 2025 Strategies for Using GenAI to Manage Communications Sent to Patients Wil Limp is a Program Director for University of Wisconsin Health and Associate Instructor at UW Stevens Point in the College of Health Professions and currently serves as a member of the HIMSS Professional Development Committee. Professional Development Workforce Patient Access Emerging Technologies December 29, 2025 How Do We Best Prepare for HIMSS 2026? The HIMSS 2026 Global Health Conference and Exhibition represents one of the pre-eminent gatherings of healthcare information and technology professionals worldwide. Attendees gain access to a rich ecosystem of inventions, , peer-to-peer networking, policy thought-leadership, and clinical-technology integration strategies. Professional Development Workforce December 19, 2025 Your Roadmap to HIMSS Certification: Insights, Tips, and Resources Discover HIMSS certification pathways, eligibility, prep strategies, and how to choose the right credential to elevate your healthcare IT career. Professional Development Workforce November 24, 2025 Enhancing Transitions of Care (TOC) for Long-Term Post Acute Care (LTPAC) Through Health IT Innovation Transitions of care (TOC) are pivotal moments that impact patient safety, cost, and outcomes —especially in long-term and post-acute care (LTPAC). Yet, the technology infrastructure that supports these transitions remains underdeveloped. Fragmented data systems, lack of real-time communication, and underuse of interoperable platforms can contribute to adverse events, readmissions, and missed care opportunities. To improve these transitions, the industry must continue advancing toward more connected and patient-centered solutions. Health IT leaders are positioned to solve these issues through strategic design, integration, and collaboration. Care November 24, 2025 Terminology Standards These standards address a fundamental requirement for effective communication – the ability to represent concepts in an unambiguous manner between a sender and receiver of information. Most communication between health information systems relies on structured vocabularies, terminologies, code sets and classification systems to represent health concepts. Workforce Professional Development November 17, 2025 HIMSS Americas: Digital Excellence in Healthcare Case Study Series Inside this edition, you’ll find success stories from leading healthcare organizations that have achieved the highest levels of digital maturity using the HIMSS Maturity Models and the Digital Health Indicator (DHI). Digital Health View all Resources Featured news December 17, 2025 Education Topics Driving the Future of Healthcare at HIMSS26 The 2026 HIMSS European Conference & Exhibition will convene Europe’s digital health community in Copenhagen on 19-21 May, bringing together leaders, innovators and policymakers committed to advancing smarter, safer and more connected healthcare. As the region’s most influential health conference, HIMSS26 will serve as a catalyst for collaboration and actional digital health transformation across Europe’s health ecosystem. Conference Digital Health Events Global News Articles December 10, 2025 Call for Proposals Opens for HIMSS26 Europe HIMSS has opened the Call for Proposals for the 2026 HIMSS European Health Conference & Exhibition, taking place 19-21 May, 2026 in Copenhagen. Healthcare professionals, innovators, researchers and digital health leaders are invited to submit session proposals that advance the conversation of digital transformation across Europe’s health ecosystems. Conference Digital Health Professional Development Europe News Articles December 9, 2025 Nine Key Programme Themes Announced for the 2026 HIMSS European Conference & Exhibition The 2026 HIMSS European Conference & Exhibition will convene Europe’s digital health community in Copenhagen on 19-21 May, bringing together leaders, innovators and policymakers committed to advancing smarter, safer and more connected healthcare. As the region’s most influential health conference, HIMSS26 will serve as a catalyst for collaboration and actional digital health transformation across Europe’s health ecosystem. Conference Digital Health Events Europe News Articles December 3, 2025 HIMSS Physician Member Spotlight, Doug McKee, MD, FAAFP, FAMIA, ABPM-CI This month, I’m pleased to highlight Doug McKee, MD, FAAFP, FAMIA, ABPM-CI. Dr. Mekee serves as the Associate CMIO at Orlando Health. Dr. McKee is completing his first year on the HIMSS Physician Committee and has already made an impact through his contributions to the recently published white paper, Operationalizing AI: A Strategic Framework for Safe Deployment in Healthcare. Leadership North America News Articles November 19, 2025 Member Spotlight: Angela Ratliff, MBA, CPHIMS, PMP, RHIA, Healthcare IT Project Manager & Health Information Leader This week we’re excited to feature Angela Ratliff, a recipient of the 2025 HIMSS Foundation Professional Certification Grant for Minority Professionals and Students. In this spotlight, Angela shares her perspective on the value of professional certification and the journey while preparing to become CPHIMS® certified. Leadership North America News Articles November 17, 2025 Anfas Medical Care Hospital Sets New Standards in Long-Term Care Anfas Medical Care Hospital in Riyadh has reached a major milestone by achieving Stage 6 validation on the HIMSS Electronic Medical Record Adoption Model. Its pioneering approach has set a new benchmark for long-term care in the Kingdom and has placed it at the forefront of digital health innovation in long-term care. Maturity Models EMRAM EMEA Middle East News Articles View all News Upcoming events Healthcare Cybersecurity Forum Over two days, you’ll explore today’s most urgent challenges—from ransomware and AI-powered threats to workforce fatigue and regulatory complexity. It’s a blend of immersive learning, hands-on workshops, and peer networking with senior leaders. Cybersecurity’s next era is here, and this is where you’ll learn how to fight threats with confidence. Featured Events Cybersecurity and Privacy North America Conference D-A-CH Community Member Meeting February 12, 2026 From real-world success stories to technical deep dives and organizational challenges as well as a bold roundtable on shortcomings and challenges, this in-person event will inspire you with new understanding and inspiration on how to deliver cross-sectoral care. Expect powerful insights, practical takeaways and plenty of networking with those leading the charge. EMEA Forum HIMSS Executive Summit - Middle East April 22, 2026 Where influential leaders come to collaborate, our HIMSS Executive Summit is meticulously designed to foster connections and offer unparalleled learning in an exclusive, in-person setting. Middle East Conference Summit HIMSS26 - European Health Conference & Exhibition May 19 - 21, 2026 In Copenhagen, we’ll explore the latest trends, solutions and strategies in health tech. With insightful keynotes, hands-on workshops and unparalleled networking opportunities, this event is designed to accelerate your understanding of digital maturity in healthcare—and how you can leverage it to stay ahead of the curve. Featured Events Europe Conference View all Events Stay connected with HIMSS Subscribe now Who We Are About Us Executive Leadership Board of Directors Advisory Board Membership Individual Membership Organizational Membership Career Growth Professional Development Approved Education Partners Certifications Global Proposal Submission Portal Explore HIMSS Jobs Solutions Digital Health Solutions Digital Health Technology Partner Program Digital Health Consulting Partner Program Media Network Communities Committees Chapters Member Advancement Insights Market Insights HIMSS Global Insights Resources Contact Us News Press Information Events © 2025 Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society, Inc. (HIMSS). All rights reserved. Legal / Privacy Policy | Accessibility Statement