American Historical Association - Everything Has a History Skip to content Home Why History Matters Why History Matters Why Study History Everything Has a History Teaching History with Integrity Freedom to Learn Amicus Briefs History & Public Policy Your Voice Matters AHA Advocacy Teaching & Learning Teaching & Learning AHA Resource Library K–12 Education Undergraduate Education Graduate Education Current Events in Historical Context Vetted Resources Teaching Things AHA Historical Collections Events Events Annual Meeting AHA Online AHA Regional Conferences Institutes & Workshops Congressional Briefings AHA Events Calendar Community & Careers Community & Careers Awards & Grants Affiliated Societies Where Historians Work Directories Professional & Career Resources Standards & Guidelines for the Discipline Calls for Opportunities AHA Community Action and Resource Exchange News & Publications News & Publications AHA News & Announcements American Historical Review Perspectives on History History in Focus AHA Booklets Data on the Historical Discipline For the Press Membership Membership Why Join the AHA Individual Member Benefits Individual Member Rates Institutional Membership About About Donate Congressional Charter AHA Staff Governance AHA History Frequently Asked Questions Advertising Merchandise Newsletters and Email Lists Contact Us MY AHA AHA Communities Log In Log Out Donate Home Why History Matters Why History Matters Why Study History Everything Has a History Teaching History with Integrity Freedom to Learn Amicus Briefs History & Public Policy Your Voice Matters AHA Advocacy Teaching & Learning Teaching & Learning AHA Resource Library K–12 Education Undergraduate Education Graduate Education Current Events in Historical Context Vetted Resources Teaching Things AHA Historical Collections Events Events Annual Meeting AHA Online AHA Regional Conferences Institutes & Workshops Congressional Briefings AHA Events Calendar Community & Careers Community & Careers Awards & Grants Affiliated Societies Where Historians Work Directories Professional & Career Resources Standards & Guidelines for the Discipline Calls for Opportunities AHA Community Action and Resource Exchange News & Publications News & Publications AHA News & Announcements American Historical Review Perspectives on History History in Focus AHA Booklets Data on the Historical Discipline For the Press Membership Membership Why Join the AHA Individual Member Benefits Individual Member Rates Institutional Membership About About Donate Congressional Charter AHA Staff Governance AHA History Frequently Asked Questions Advertising Merchandise Newsletters and Email Lists Contact Us MY AHA AHA Communities Log In Log Out Donate Become a Member Show Your Support Before Year's End Support History—Donate Now AHA Annual Meeting Join us in Chicago for AHA26! The nation’s largest gathering of historians is happening in Chicago! Join us and thousands of your colleagues at the 139th annual meeting of the AHA from January 8–11, 2026. Together, we’ll hone our professional skills, learn about the latest historical scholarship, and engage with historians working across numerous fields and professions. Whatever your career stage or path, there’s a place for you at our annual meeting. Learn More Registration Registration is open! All participants must register, and all US-based historians presenting at AHA sessions must be AHA members. Register Resources and Guides Find all the information you need to know about the annual meeting in our guides, including getting ready for the meeting, applying for funding, accessibility at the annual meeting and in the hotels, and more. Learn More Program At our meeting, historians explore new approaches to research, teaching, professional development, and public engagement through panels, workshops, meetups, poster sessions, networking events, and much more. Explore the Program Call for Proposals for AHA27 All historians are welcome to submit proposals to the 140th annual meeting of the AHA, which will take place in New Orleans, Louisiana, from January 7–10, 2027. The submissions portal will open in mid-December, and the deadline to submit proposals is midnight PT on February 15, 2026. Learn More Supporting History & the Work of Historians in 2025 AHA Advocacy: Call to Action The AHA defends the free pursuit of historical teaching, research, and scholarship and the right of all historians to practice our craft with integrity. We are proud to continue our long and respected legacy of informed and effective advocacy on behalf of historians everywhere. Our work continues, as threats to the historical discipline, academic freedom, and freedom of speech persist and are escalating across the United States and beyond. Now more than ever, we need your voice and your participation. Learn More ACLS, AHA, & MLA File Lawsuit to Restore the NEH The ACLS, AHA, and MLA have filed a lawsuit in federal district court, seeking to reverse the recent actions to devastate the National Endowment for the Humanities. Learn More Your Voice Matters Take action for history. Access the AHA's advocacy guides for information about supporting history at the federal level, advocating for international education, submitting comments to the Federal Register. and more. Learn More Supporting Historians Under Threat This guide is intended to provide resources for historians working in a range of different environments to support themselves and colleagues if faced with threats, punitive restrictions, and harassment. Learn More Recent AHA Actions Expand AHA Files Amicus Brief in Support of Foreign Scholars AHA Submits Public Comment on Patriotic Education Priorities AHA Sends Letter to Rutgers University Addressing Threats Made to History Faculty Members Action Alert: Submit Comments on Proposed Patriotic Education Funding Priority Action Alert: Submit Comments to Oppose Visa Restrictions for Scholars AHA Sends Letter Objecting to Firing of Texas State University Professor Action Alert Supporting Funding for International Education AHA Executive Director Featured in Media Coverage of Smithsonian Review Announcement Update: Historians Defend the Smithsonian Action Alert: Support Title VI and Fulbright-Hays Funding AHA Statement on Military Libraries, Censorship, and History ACLS, AHA, & MLA File Lawsuit Alleging Illegal Dismantling of National Endowment for the Humanities American Historical Association Condemns Targeting of Foreign Scholars Historians Defend the National Endowment for the Humanities and American Public Culture American Historical Association Condemns Indiscriminate Cuts to the Federal Government Action Alert: Defend the Institute for Museum and Library Services AHA–OAH Joint Statement on Federal Censorship of American History AHA Letter to White House Regarding Dismissal of US Archivist AHA–OAH Statement on Executive Order “Ending Radical Indoctrination in K–12 Schooling AHA Resources Expand FAQs Regarding the Lawsuit Opposing the Dismantling of the NEH Historians Respond to Federal Actions Resources for Foreign Scholars Resources for Federal Historians Supporting Historians Under Threat Tracking Federal Actions Affecting History AHA Files Amicus Brief in Support of Foreign Scholars On December 22, 2025, the AHA, in collaboration with Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), has filed an amicus brief in support of Harvard University’s lawsuit against the federal government over the university’s ability to host foreign scholars and students. The brief conveys the importance of international scholars and students to American higher education, with a focus on the historical discipline, and the benefits and opportunities they bring to the United States. Learn More AHA News & Announcements AHA News & Announcements Stay up to date with the latest AHA activity supporting history and historical thinking in public life. Check out our latest advocacy statements and letters, member news, press releases, and more. View All News For the Press December 30, 2025 AHA Member Cites AHA American Lesson Plan in The Atlantic December 22, 2025 AHA Files Amicus Brief in Support of Foreign Scholars December 11, 2025 AHA, NCSS, and Virginia Partners Call for Pause in Changes to Commonwealth Social Studies Assessments 1 2 3 … 429 Next » Load More Advocating for the Discipline Recent News Why History Matters History informs our understanding of everything, and historians' voices, research, and scholarship are essential in conversations about current events. Learn More AHA Advocacy The American Historical Association is unique among history organizations with the breadth and depth of our advocacy efforts. Learn More History & Public Policy The AHA is committed to honest history—in the classroom, in public memory, and through the many programs through which the federal government supports research. Learn More Teaching History with Integrity The AHA leads or participates in several initiatives to provide resources and support for history educators facing intensifying controversies about the teaching of the American past. Learn More American Lesson Plan: Teaching US History in Secondary Schools The AHA’s 2024 report shares findings from the most comprehensive study of secondary US history education undertaken in the 21st century. The report provides empirical evidence and rigorous analysis to inform current debates over how history is taught in our schools. Learn More Teaching & Learning Learn More Resource Library The AHA's Resource Library includes hundreds of resources developed or vetted by the AHA and our partners. Our resources range from classroom syllabi, to archival documents from the Civil War, to standards and guidelines for the discipline, and much more. Access the Resources K–12 Education The AHA strives to ensure that every K–12 student has access to high quality history instruction. We create resources for the classroom, advise on state and federal policy, and advocate for the vital importance of history in public education. Learn More Undergraduate Education Teaching and learning are at the foundation of the AHA’s mission to promote historical thinking in public life. What do students learn in undergraduate history courses? How and why are history majors so successful in a variety of careers? Learn More Graduate Education Many historians will pursue graduate training at some stage in their career. To meet the needs of both students and graduate programs, the AHA creates resources, provides platforms, and convenes conversations about student success from application to completion. Learn More Guiding Principles for Artificial Intelligence in History Education The AHA announces the publication of Guiding Principles for Artificial Intelligence in History Education , a disciplinary approach to AI that focuses on specific aspects of history education that might not be addressed in broader institutional policies. Read Now Learn More About Teaching & Learning Upcoming Events & Opportunities See All Events January 5, 2026 2 p.m. ET Everything You Need to Know About AHA26: An Online Orientation Everything You Need to Know About AHA26: An Online Orientation Monday, January 5, 2 p.m. ET Planning to attend AHA26… Learn More Deadline: Jan 12, 2026 Call for Fellowship Applications Visiting Fellowship at GHI Washington Deadline: Jan 5, 2026 Call for Fellowship Applications NYU Abu Dhabi Humanities Research Fellowship for the Study of the Arab World (Postdoctoral Fellowship) Deadline: Jan 10, 2026 Call for Event Applications The National WWII Museum – Faculty Seminar in WWII History See All Events American Historical Review The American Historical Review is the flagship journal of the AHA and the journal of record for the historical discipline in the United States, bringing together scholarship from every major field of historical study. Learn More History in Focus History in Focus is a podcast by the American Historical Review . Go behind the scenes with the world's leading history journal as we explore the who, what, how, and why of doing history in the 21st century. Listen Now AHR History Lab The AHR History Lab is a new, experimental space in the middle of the journal featuring collective projects that seek to reimagine how we approach historical practice in terms of content, form, and method. Learn More #AHRSyllabus The #AHRSyllabus is a collaborative project designed to help teachers and students look "under the hood" at how historians do the work of history. Each contribution features a practical hands-on teaching module that foregrounds innovative uses of historical method in the classroom. Learn More See All News & Publications Perspectives on History Perspectives on History is the newsmagazine of the AHA and is the principal source for news and information about the discipline of history. Since 1962, Perspectives has promoted our work by publishing articles and commentary on all aspects of the historical discipline. Read Latest Articles December 30, 2025 Perspectives on 2025 December 18, 2025 Curating a City Chatillon’s Balance Scales 1 2 3 … 2,991 Next » Load More Community & Careers Learn More A Platform for Historians The AHA brings together historians from all specializations and all work contexts, embracing the breadth and variety of activity in history today. Learn More Affiliated Societies Over 125 history-oriented organizations are affiliated with the AHA, representing a broad network of organizations promoting collaboration and communication across the history community. Learn More Professional & Career Resources As the leading professional association for historians in the United States, the AHA serves as a hub for information on jobs, careers, and employment in the historical discipline. The AHA provides guidance, information, and job listings for historians in all stages of their careers. Access the Resources AHA Career Center Whether you’re looking to find a job or to advertise a position, the AHA Career Center is the go-to hub for connecting with history professionals. Learn More AHA Community Action and Resource Exchange The AHA’s Community Action and Resource Exchange (CARE) program brings historians together to discuss shared professional issues and concerns, exchange ideas, and collaborate on strategies and solutions that strengthen the discipline. Learn More Document Text Standards & Guidelines for the Discipline Chart Bar Square Data on the Historical Discipline Archive Box Everything Has a History Newspaper For the Press About the AHA Learn More About Us The American Historical Association provides leadership for the discipline and promotes the critical role of historical thinking in public life. As the largest membership association of historians in the world, the AHA serves historians in a wide variety of professions, and represents every historical era and geographical area. Learn More Membership The AHA brings together historians from all specializations and all work contexts, embracing the breadth and variety of activity in history today. Learn More Advertise with the AHA Promote your publications, products, and services to historians by advertising in one of the AHA’s publications, exhibiting at our annual meeting, or renting the AHA’s mailing list for your own direct-mail campaigns. Learn More Donate Your support is vital to our efforts to promote historical work and the importance of historical thinking in public life. Learn More Learn More About AHA Join the AHA The AHA brings together historians from all specializations and all work contexts, embracing the breadth and variety of activity in history today. Become a Member 400 A Street SE Washington, DC 20003 Give us a call! 202.544.2422 Send us an email! Contact Us Payments: PO Box 347214, Pittsburgh PA 15251-4214 Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Why History Matters Teaching & Learning Events Community & Careers News & Publications About Us Membership Login Search Donate Privacy Policy Accessibility Disclosure Statement © 2025 American Historical Association. All right reserved. Website by Yoko Co Scroll To Top