Home — History Facts Skip to content Categories Search Subscribe Todays Fact U.S. History World History Famous Figures Arts & Culture Science & Industry U.S. History World History Famous Figures Arts & Culture Science & Industry Subscribe Search About Contact Us Thank you for confirming your email! Welcome to the community. Human evolution skulls Around 21 human species have lived on Earth. Read More Cretaceous Antarctica Antarctica had a rainforest 90 million years ago. Read More Surface of the moon Pan Am created a waitlist for moon travel in the 1960s. Read More Women’s suffrage protest A woman was elected to Congress before women had the right to vote. Read More Washington with generals George Washington didn’t know that dinosaurs existed. Read More Past events, present tense. Subscribe to receive history’s most fascinating happenings in your inbox. History Facts bring the past to life in your inbox and on the web. Did you know Ohio and Michigan went to war in 1835 over a piece of land? How about the fact that Andrew Jackson’s pet parrot was kicked out of a funeral for swearing too much? Sign up to receive one of these compelling facts in your inbox every morning. Please enter valid email. Subscribe By clicking “Subscribe” you agree to History Fact’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Thank you for Subscribing! Welcome to History Facts, where you’ll discover the fascinating facts your textbooks never covered! Your first edition will arrive soon, so get ready to step back in time every morning. Check your inbox to confirm your email and continue exploring. All Categories All Categories U.S. History World History Famous Figures Arts & Culture Science & Industry Famous Figures The Surprising College Studies of U.S. Presidents 27 World History This Ancient Civilization Was More Advanced Than Rome 72 U.S. History Could You Pass a School Exam From the 1800s? 90 Science & Industry What Did Neanderthals Sound Like? 72 Arts & Culture The Hidden Origins of Famous Nursery Rhymes 41 U.S. History What Happened to Salisbury Steak? 46 U.S. History The Most Popular Christmas Presents 100 Years Ago 32 Arts & Culture The Best Historical Movies of 2025 39 U.S. History The Heart-Pounding History of the Blue Angels 43 Past events, present tense. A daily digest of history's most fascinating happenings. U.S. History World History Famous Figures Arts & Culture Science & Industry Subscribe Search About Contact Us About Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices Subscribe to History Facts Enter your email to receive history's most fascinating happenings in your inbox each day. Confirm Email Sorry, your email address is not valid. Please try again. Your email is: CONFIRM MY EMAIL CONFIRM Sorry, your email address is not valid. Please try again. Thank you for subscribing... By clicking “Subscribe” you agree to History Fact’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . x