History Today | The World’s Leading Serious History Magazine Skip to main content User menu logged out Subscribe Sign in Subscription Offers Give a Gift Enter your keywords Subscribe Search Toggle navigation Main menu Home The Magazine Subscribe Buy the Current Issue Explore the Digital Archive Institutions Reviews Sign in Mini header menu Search Magazine Latest Subscribe Subscribe REVIEW Books of the Year 2025: Part 1 Peasants and popes, free speech and fashion, sentimentality and special forces: the first 10 of 20 historians choose their favourite new history books of 2025. History Today FEATURE The Wreck of the San José Since 1708 there has been vicious competition over the Spanish treasure galleon San José, its cargo, and, now, its sunken remains. Richard Blakemore REVIEW Books of the Year 2025: Part 2 African queens and Anglo-Saxon towns, Indira Gandhi and Irish STEM, Celtic Studies and the caste system: 10 more historians choose their favourite new history books of 2025. History Today FEATURE Understanding the Northern Lights When the aurora borealis appeared in the skies of 18th-century Europe, Enlightenment scientists first turned to history to understand it. Jin-Woo Choi Today’s featured articles History Matters The Crowning Triumph of Westminster Abbey Westminster Abbey was the focus of the world during King Charles III’s coronation. How and why was it built? David Carpenter Feature The Maharajah’s English Tutor The Raj’s control of India’s princely states was never absolute, as the British-appointed tutor to the last maharajah of Travancore discovered. Manu S. Pillai Feature Archbishop Wulfstan: England’s Forgotten Lawmaker As Anglo-Saxon England faced conquests and apocalypse, Archbishop Wulfstan saw hope for the kingdom in a radical restructuring of society. Andrew Rabin Most recent Months Past The Last Emirate of Spain The emirate of Granada – Islam’s last polity in Spain – was surrendered to the Catholic monarchs on 2 January 1492. Months Past The Death of Charles the Bad On 1 January 1387 Charles II, the medieval king of Navarre, died as he had lived – with great violence. Months Past The First Christmas Celebration On 25 December 336 Rome’s believers celebrated Christmas Day – the earliest recorded use of that date as it spread across Christendom. Feature Understanding the Northern Lights When the aurora borealis appeared in the skies of 18th-century Europe, Enlightenment scientists first turned to history to understand it. Head to Head How Has Public History Changed Since 1951? 75 years is a long time in public history: the bridge between academia and the general reader appears to have widened since History Today was launched, but in what ways? Feature The Wreck of the San José Since 1708 there has been vicious competition over the Spanish treasure galleon San José , its cargo, and, now, its sunken remains. Months Past Jacquard Patents His First Loom On 23 December 1800 Joseph Marie Jacquard set out to revolutionise weaving – and took his first step towards greatness. Feature The Maharajah’s English Tutor The Raj’s control of India’s princely states was never absolute, as the British-appointed tutor to the last maharajah of Travancore discovered. More Articles Current issue Image In the 75th Anniversary issue: Cold War Yugoslavia, Oswald of Northumbria, the wreck of San José, educating the Maharaja of Travancore, understanding the Aurora Borealis, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. Popular Articles The First Christmas Celebration Books of the Year 2025: Part 1 The Death of Charles the Bad The Last Emirate of Spain Books of the Year 2025: Part 2 The First Christmas Tree ALTERNATIVE HISTORIES Recent issues Volume 76 Issue 1 January 2026 Tito and Britain, Saint Oswald, Aurora Borealis Volume 75 Issue 12 December 2025 Tibet, Henry VIII, The Decembrist Revolt Volume 75 Issue 11 November 2025 Mongols, Elizabethan Theatre, State Recognition Volume 75 Issue 10 October 2025 Zoroastrians, Chinese Astronomy, Saint Augustine See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues X Get Miscellanies , our free weekly long read, in your inbox every week Footer menu About Masthead Contact Jobs Advertising RSS feeds Submit an Article Back Issues Binders Cookie policy Awards Students Privacy policy Terms of Use X Instagram Bluesky Facebook © Copyright 2025 History Today Ltd. Company no. 1556332.