Green IT for Data Infrastructure and Hybrid Cloud Solutions | Hitachi Vantara Skip to main content Why Hitachi Vantara Products Storage Platforms Back to Products Storage Platforms Block Storage File Storage Object Storage Software Defined Storage Customer Guarantees Storage Workloads Data Management Back to Products Data Management Storage  Management Storage OS AIOps Data Protection Data Governance Infrastructure as a Service Back to Products Infrastructure as a Service EverFlex Service Level Options Service Catalog IaaS Orchestration Hybrid Cloud Services Iaas with Partners Integrated Systems Back to Products Integrated Systems Hitachi Integrated Systems AI-ready Infrastructure and Solutions Cisco-Validated Design Storage Platforms Data Management Infrastructure as a Service Integrated Systems Storage Platforms Optimize the value of your data with a flexible, resilient storage portfolio. Block Storage File Storage Object Storage Software Defined Storage Customer Guarantees Storage Workloads Data Management Unify disparate apps, data and storage resources. Work across multiple data types to power all your data throughout its lifecycle. Storage  Management Drive IT agility, simplify management and improve protection for your data infrastructure. Storage OS Transform your data infrastructure, creating a single data plane with storage virtualization and common management across data silos. AIOps Supercharge with AIOps. Speed up automation, analytics and security for peak IT efficiency. Data Protection Achieve operational resilience in hybrid cloud with end-to-end data protection for workloads, apps and data across your ecosystem. Data Governance Secure, control and intelligently govern data throughout its life cycle for effective decision-making and compliance. Infrastructure as a Service Unleash agility with OpEx models from light monitoring to fully managed. EverFlex Service Level Options Capability and value matched to how your organization wants to leverage infrastructure as a service. Service Catalog Catalog of infrastructure consumption services comprising hardware and software deployable in private cloud and datacenter environments. IaaS Orchestration Deliver continuous insights, intelligence, and automation. Hybrid Cloud Services Drive flexibility and agility that powers innovation across your hybrid cloud estate while lowering total cost of ownership. Iaas with Partners Capitalize on new revenue opportunities with a pay-as-you-go, hybrid cloud infrastructure services catalog that delivers business growth. Integrated Systems Highly resilient, low latency systems to deploy and manage critical apps and workloads at enterprise scale across hybrid cloud. Hitachi Integrated Systems Elevate your private cloud infrastructure and run your most critical apps at scale with best-in-class performance and availability. AI-ready Infrastructure and Solutions Hitachi iQ is the flagship AI portfolio from Hitachi, delivering extreme performance and resiliency at scale, with unified access to data wherever it is. Cisco-Validated Design Future-proof your data infrastructure while elevating business outcomes with Cisco and Hitachi Adaptive Solutions Hitachi Vantara Storage Platform Options Explore Storage Platforms Data Management Explore Data Management Infrastructure as a Service Explore EverFlex IaaS Seize the Benefits of Hybrid Cloud Explore Integrated Systems Solutions AI and Analytics Back to Solutions AI and Analytics Hitachi iQ AIOps Data Resilience & Compliance Back to Solutions Data Resilience & Compliance Ransomware Resilience Data Protection Data Governance & Compliance Enterprise Applications Back to Solutions Enterprise Applications Microsoft SQL Oracle PostgreSQL SAP HANA Virtualization Back to Solutions Virtualization VMware Red Hat Microsoft Hybrid Cloud Back to Solutions Hybrid Cloud Cloud Extensibility Industries Back to Solutions Industries Banking and Financial Services Healthcare & Life Sciences Government US Federal Government Sustainability Solutions Back to Solutions Sustainability Solutions AI and Analytics Data Resilience & Compliance Enterprise Applications Virtualization Hybrid Cloud Industries Sustainability Solutions AI and Analytics Build resilient data pipelines. Fuel AI innovation and analytics with high-performing digital infrastructure. Hitachi iQ The flagship AI portfolio from Hitachi, delivering extreme performance and resiliency at scale, with unified access to data wherever it is. AIOps Supercharge with AIOps. Speed up automation, analytics and security for peak IT efficiency. Data Resilience & Compliance Strengthen operational resilience and streamline risk reduction with one trusted partner to achieve, sustain, and prove data resilience and regulatory compliance at scale. Ransomware Resilience Achieve predictable, continuous operations with clean data recovery in seconds after a cyberattack—guaranteed. Data Protection Ensure reliable data integrity and 100% uptime with scalable protection, backup, and recovery for all workloads—aligned to data criticality across its lifecycle. Data Governance & Compliance Simplify audit-ready regulatory compliance with one trusted partner for data security, privacy, resilience, and reporting tailored to your industry and geography. Enterprise Applications Boost your business applications with data infrastructure intelligently designed to handle today’s demanding workloads. Microsoft SQL Cost-effective, scalable SQL Server solutions tailored for performance-driven mid-size enterprise environments Oracle Maximize the value of your Oracle applications and data so your business can move faster. PostgreSQL Drive lower costs, scale seamlessly and secure your PostgreSQL data with Hitachi Integrated Systems solution. SAP HANA Unmatched scalability for SAP HANA. Infrastructure that powers real-time data access and faster decision-making. Virtualization Empowering innovation through freedom VMware Simplicity, resilience and agility is yours. Red Hat The modern infrastructure platform designed for choice Microsoft Virtualization built for Azure success Hybrid Cloud Future-proof hybrid cloud infrastructure with solutions to optimize workloads across data centers, the edge and public cloud. Cloud Extensibility Adapt to market changes quickly with secure access to resources and services across private and public clouds Industries Unlock tailored solutions and real-world use cases to address your industry-specific data challenges. Banking and Financial Services Drive growth with innovative banking and finance apps — ensuring data is resilient, compliant and AI-powered. Healthcare & Life Sciences Improve Patient Outcomes and Advance Medical Research Government Empower government, education, and local agencies with globally trusted infrastructure solutions from Hitachi Vantara. US Federal Government Powering digital transformation at the federal level through innovative data solutions, products, and services. Sustainability Solutions Achieve sustainability with eco-friendly infrastructure and data platforms to reduce energy consumption and carbon footprint. Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Explore AI and Analytics Data Resilience and Compliance Explore Solutions Enterprise Applications Explore Enterprise Applications Empowering innovation through freedom Explore Virtualization Solutions Future-Proof Your Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure Explore Hybrid Cloud Industry Solutions Explore Industry Solutions Sustainability Solutions Explore Sustainability Solutions Services Customer Success & Support Back to Services Customer Success & Support Support Portal Resources Knowledge Base Community and Forums Learning Services Back to Services Learning Services Certifications Training Professional Services Back to Services Professional Services Managed Services Back to Services Managed Services Customer Success & Support Learning Services Professional Services Managed Services Customer Success & Support Get the right support to prevent disruptions, protect investments and keep business performance at its peak. Support Portal Receive comprehensive, proactive, and customer-focused proactive monitoring from our dedicated customer success team. Resources Knowledge Base Review our online resources for comprehensive support and information. Community and Forums Ask questions, share information, and get answers from the Hitachi community. Learning Services Certifications Validate your knowledge and expertise through exams in storage solutions architecture, implementation and administration. Training Level up your expertise. With our training program, you’re positioned to become a product or solution authority. Professional Services Unlock system benefits and become an expert in optimizing infrastructure operations. Managed Services Leverage a full suite of managed hybrid cloud infrastructure and storage services. Customer Success and Support Services Learn more Training Learn more Professional Services Explore Professional Services EverFlex Managed Services Explore Managed Services Partners Our Partner Ecosystem Back to Partners Our Partner Ecosystem Technology Alliance Partners Back to Partners Technology Alliance Partners Brocade Cisco Commvault NVIDIA Red Hat Veeam VMware Managed Service Providers Back to Partners Managed Service Providers Global Systems Integrators Back to Partners Global Systems Integrators Resellers Back to Partners Resellers Public Cloud Partners Back to Partners Public Cloud Partners Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Find a Partner Back to Partners Find a Partner Partner Login Back to Partners Partner Login Our Partner Ecosystem Technology Alliance Partners Managed Service Providers Global Systems Integrators Resellers Public Cloud Partners Find a Partner Partner Login Our Partner Ecosystem Tap into our dynamic partner ecosystem that positions you for greater success. Technology Alliance Partners Lead with technology visionaries. We partner with industry leaders, combining advanced technologies to deliver unrivaled data solutions. Brocade Cisco Commvault NVIDIA Red Hat Veeam VMware Managed Service Providers Elevate your business with our ecosystem of Managed Service Providers. Our as-a-service solutions are flexible, secure and always reliable. Global Systems Integrators Collaborate with top-tier Global Systems Integrators (GSIs). Navigate complexity and execute best practices to advance digital transformation. Resellers Achieve more with our global partner network dedicated to solving customers’ critical business challenges. Public Cloud Partners Partner with the world’s cloud leaders. Seamlessly manage all your data workloads across AWS, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. Amazon Web Services Harness the collective power of Hitachi Vantara + AWS. Optimize cloud services, accelerate application migration and drive innovation. Microsoft Azure A powerful alliance tailored to your cloud needs. Unlock innovation, resilience and scalability within your Microsoft environments. Google Cloud Through our partnership with Google Cloud, you can achieve consistent operations across clouds without sacrificing performance, security or compliance. Find a Partner Tap into our global network of partners and collaborate with an expert near you. Partner Login Explore new tools and resources to fast-track deal closures and open fresh avenues for growth. Innovation through partnership Our Partner Ecosystem Technology Alliance Partners Explore Technology Alliance Partners Harnessing the Power of Experts Explore Managed Service Providers Global Systems Integrators Explore Global Systems Integrators Reseller Partners Explore Our Ecosystem Partnering with Cloud Industry Leaders Explore Public Cloud Partners Explore Our Network Find a Partner Access the Partner Connect Portal Partner Login Open search The icon to open the search menu. Close search The icon to close the search menu. Search hitachivantara.com Search Trending Topics Hyperconverged Infrastructure AI and Operations Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure as a Service United States AMERICAS United States Opens in a new Tab Latin America Opens in a new Tab Brasil (Brazil) Opens in a new Tab ASIA PACIFIC ASEAN Opens in a new Tab Australia/New Zealand Opens in a new Tab China 中国 Opens in a new Tab Hong Kong Opens in a new Tab India Opens in a new Tab Japan (日本) Opens in a new Tab Korea (한국) Opens in a new Tab Taiwan (英文) Opens in a new Tab EUROPE Deustchland (Germany) Opens in a new Tab Search hitachivantara.com Contact Sales Contact Sales *Required Do you have a general inquiry? Ask a question Thank you for contacting our sales team. Thank you for your interest in Hitachi Vantara. Someone from our sales team will be in touch with you shortly. Innovation's Most Powerful Data Engine for AI VSP One Block High End delivers 50M IOPS, 8 nines availability, and 4:1 data reduction guarantee. Enterprise storage built for mission-critical workloads. Explore VSP One High-End Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure as a Service Data Resilience & Compliance AI & Analytics Powering Hybrid Cloud for AI Built for AI’s toughest demands while protecting business-critical data. VSP One turns hybrid cloud into a resilient, powerful innovation engine. What's VSP One? Innovation’s Most Powerful  Data Engine. Future-Proof the Cloud. Infrastructure as a Service with the most flexible capacity and pay-per-use elastic consumption, delivered and managed your way. Get EverFlex Choose from self-managed configurations with light monitoring to full managed services from Hitachi Vantara or with a trusted partner. Resilience Demands Precision​. Your data is unique. Your security should be too. We build the most formidable data resilience with focused precision. From hardware, software to intelligent foresight - we understand your business specific needs to stay resilient against future threats. Get Resilient Precise Protection for Complete Resilience. Turn AI into ROI. With a complete AI solution tailored to your business. From world-trusted AI infrastructure, advanced compute power, deep industry expertise - we optimize AI to get real business results. Meet Hitachi iQ AI Solutions Tailored for Business Growth. Trust isn’t given, it’s earned The world’s biggest brands rely on can’t-fail sustainable infrastructure. We build customer-first Your challenges drive our solutions Storage Platforms Deliver data faster with a more predictable user experience and guaranteed availability. Learn more VSP One High-End Launch Event Watch the Webinar "In healthcare, we can’t compromise on reliability and performance — downtime directly impacts patient care and can be life-threatening. Our infrastructure needs to guarantee continuous availability for critical medical systems. That’s why we trust Hitachi Vantara.” Mauro Guzelotto, VP of Cloud Services North America , T-Systems Data Management Unify disparate apps, data and storage resources. Work across multiple data types to power all your data throughout its lifecycle. Learn more 451 Analyst Research Information Brief Read the whitepaper "VSP 360 is an innovative data management software that we will be able to integrate with all VSP One data platforms. We are looking forward to being able to lower our customers’ costs with a solution that will unify data silos and optimize data capacity and performance, and, in general, help them be more efficient with less complexity." Dennis Seiffert , System Engineer, SVA System Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure Manage and deliver seamless data services and workloads across edge, core and near and public cloud. Learn more Buyer’s Guide for Hybrid Cloud Solutions Read ebook With the hybrid cloud platform in place, Guizhou Radio & TV University has created an online education environment that offers a much smoother user experience for teachers and students alike. Guizhou Radio & TV University , China Infrastructure as a Service Dynamically scale infrastructure to your evolving needs with the agility of Hitachi EverFlex IaaS. Learn more Hitachi Vantara Recognized as a Challenger for Infrastructure Platform Read the report “EverFlex provides exceptional reliability, so we can deliver a white glove service for our customers.” Bill Ehrman , Sr. Manager, Data Storage, CBTS AI & Analytics Fuel innovation enabling GenAI and advanced analytic apps with agile, high-performance data platforms and infrastructure. Learn more Evolving AI With Hitachi Watch video “Artificial Intelligence (AI) and big data analysis hold the potential to help clinicians enhance productivity and efficiency.” Jake Gully , Isle of Wight NHS Trust Data Protection & Cyber Resilience Ensure the availability and integrity of your data and safeguard against downtime and evolving threats. Learn more The Long Road Ahead to Ransomware Preparedness Read analyst content “This service is a cornerstone of the state’s cyber resiliency strategy.” Dr. Thomas Eifert , RWTH Aachen University Customer Guarantees VSP One solutions enhance data management by providing comprehensive guarantees across the entire data plane, creating a robust foundation for enterprise and cloud environments. Explore Guarantees Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform One Guarantees eBook Read the eBook “Using Hitachi Vantara also provides peace of mind for our IT leadership and team. We aren’t worried about tackling performance or resilience challenges as we were with our previous arrays. Instead, we have a storage environment that we can depend on, with minimal risk of downtime.” Azimullah Khan , Chief Information Officer, 1LINK The Rise of the Data Platform for Hybrid Cloud How can enterprises like yours manage the explosive growth of data, the need for a cloud-like consumption model to mitigate cyber risks, and cut costs while boosting performance? Read eBook Learn how overarching software-defined data platform can solve for your challenges News, opinions & events This just in November 18, 2025 The End of Data Infrastructure as We Know It. And That’s a Good Thing. Read the blog November 18, 2025 Hitachi Vantara Launches Virtual Storage Platform One Block High End Storage to Power the Next Era of AI and Mission-Critical Workloads Read the press release November 05, 2025 Hitachi Vantara Unveils Hitachi iQ Studio to Simplify and Accelerate Agentic AI Development Read the press release “With Hitachi, we increased data throughput and cut application response times. Users don’t face delays accessing data, so they can generate reports faster and work more productively.” Javier Collado Head of Comm., Network & Data Center Read customer story “For production data, we achieved a saving ratio of 1:2.7. For backup data, it’s even better, 1:10. Giving us more flexibility and allowing us to provide better, more agile service to our teams.” Dominik Sieger ICT System Engineer Read customer story “Working with Hitachi Vantara feels like a true partnership where we share a goal. First and foremost, our partnership is driven by trust.” Daniel Kaiser Head of IT Data Center Read customer story “The Hitachi solution offers great performance and scalability. The built-in reliability and efficiency features help ensure business continuity for our important systems and applications.” Harald Schmidradler Head of Operative Business Read customer story Partnership has its privileges The speed of our industry demands great partnerships. Our partner-centric approach ensures the value is mutual. Partner with us Resources & Insights A Buyer’s Guide to Hitachi Vantara Virtual Storage Platform One SDS Read the brochure The Total Economic Impact™ of Managed Services From Hitachi Vantara for XaaS Read analyst content Enterprise Data Infrastructure for Generative AI: A Foundation for Success Read analyst content Ready to give it a try? See demos in action Start the live  chat test Company About Hitachi Vantara Sustainability & environment Careers We're hiring! News & press releases Events & webinars Leadership Preference center Executive briefing program Awards & recognition Modern slavery transparency statement Contact us Help Support Community Product documentation Frequently asked questions Ethics hotline Employment verification Security Popular links Resource center Customer stories The Array Blog Partner login Solution demo center Download Pentaho Call us at +1.678.403.3035 Our locations Contact us © Hitachi Vantara LLC 2025. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Sitemap