Free Counter,Page Counter,Web Counter,Web Counter Code, Webpage Counters, Free internet counter, WebSite Counter, html counter, PHP, ASP, webtracker Home | Services | Features | Contact | Useful Links | HTML Tutorial | Advanced Counter More Tools Compress PDF Convert PDF To JPG Convert Word To PDF Password Protect PDF Convert PDF to Word Convert JPG to PNG Welcome to HitWebCounter. The most widely used Free internet Counter. These webpage counters are easy to use html counter. You just have to put the web counter code in to your HTML and you are ready to go. Our webpage counters do not require any registration or email sign up and all you need is just to put some web counter code to your site to start tracking hit stats on any webpage or website. This free internet counter site is totally free. Hitwebcounter also provides other free Convertor tools like PDF to .docx , Word to PDF , jpg to pdf, PDF file Compress etc which are useful for internet users. For adding the website counter from our internet counter site to your site simply select the website counter you want and then click on get code. You can than paste this code into your webpage and you are done.
                        This counter can also be used as PHP counter and ASP counter. You can also select the number of digits you like from our web hitcounter. The maximum digits can go up to nine. The website counter style you choosed will be shown on your site. 
                        So now feel free to add this webtracker from HitWebCounter to your site to know how many people are coming. Our Counter for blogs code if pasted on your blog will start working on any type of blog like blogspot, tumblr and wordpress and others. Also this counter can be used as a free CraigsList Counter and can be put on your Craigslist listing. More over the counter code can simply be placed into any CMS like Joomla , Drupal , Wordpress and all others. So you can say it Wordpress counter, Joomla Counter, Blogger Counter etc. Making Free Blog Counter to track hits is very easy and you have to go into corresponding files to paste Blog Counter code. 
                        Please donot alter the web counter code of Free internet Counter and
                        paste as html counter as it is to avoid difficulties. This counter can
                        also be used as a PHP counter and ASP counter. Grow Business. Many of
                        fancy counters of different colors are given below to choose from so
                        you have a choice and you put beautiful web counters of your taste on
                        your website. Advertisement: Page Name : Starting Count: Number of Digits: 1 02 003 0004 00005 000006 0000007 00000008 000000009 Select Category Counter Type PageViews UniqueVisitors More Useful Pages Protect PDF PDF To Jpg Promote Websites Making PHP Website Choosing High Speed Internet Service How to Install Windows 7 Privacy Policy All rights reserved Designed by Free Counter