Hive: Your marketing platform for live events Log in Book a call Features features All Product Features Check out all the event-centric features in Hive Email Marketing Send personalized email marketing campaigns SMS Marketing Connect to you audiences with text messaging Ads Turn data into high-converting ads CRM Manage, segment, and filter your ticket buyers Automations Automate your campaigns with both email and SMS Presale Registration Collect fan registrations for early presale access Contests Run contests to build your contact list Web Forms Effortlessly collect the data you need Reporting Monitor ticket sales and campaign performance Industries INDUSTRIES Music Easily handle the marketing for all the events you're promoting each week Festivals Execute festival marketing, from presale to VIP packages Fairs & Rodeos Engage seasonal event attendees year-round Comedy Ensure fans know when their favorite comedians hit your venue Timed Entry Target fans by specific days, weeks, or time slots for perfectly timed messages Resources RESOURCES Help Center Check out FAQs to learn how to use Hive Resource Library Explore all articles, videos, and guides by topic Articles Gain insights on marketing strategies and keep a pulse on the event marketing industry Guides Master the basics of marketing with these guides Templates Take the work off your plate with ready-to-use, customizable email and SMS templates Webinars & Videos Tutorials, webinars, and more—for the visual learner in you Case Studies See how other event marketers have seen success with Hive Product Updates Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and updates to our product What's missing from your event strategy? Dive into everything you need to take your shows from announce to sold out. Download the free guide Ticketing Partners Pricing Log in Book a demo Sell more tickets with AI that knows what works Hive understands your audience, your events, and the way you communicate . It uses your data to guide your next steps, draft the campaigns you need, and support your marketing strategy along the way. Reach fans ready to buy Launch full campaigns in minutes across every channel Use data-backed insights to repeat what’s driving sales Book a demo Ticket sales created for our customers $ 699 , 182 , 368 "Hive gives us segmentation and automation power like never before. The data we’re able to report back to our staff and stakeholders is extremely valuable." Brittany Griffith Marketing Manager @ASM-Richmond MAKE EVERY EVENT A Sell out Sync with your favorite ticketing platform Integrate with your ticketing platform to streamline marketing — no workarounds required. Use ticket buyer data to create better campaigns and give customers an experience that keeps them coming back. See all ticketing partners Connect YOUR MARKETING & TICKETING VIEW ALL OF YOUR FANS, IN ONE PLACE Get a complete view of your ticket buyers with a CRM for events Unlock detailed fan profiles, segment your audience based on purchase behavior, and filter data with precision — all for more targeted campaigns that drive ticket sales. See CRM features SEND EMAIL & SMS messages THAT SELL TICKETS Reach out to the right fans at the right time Engage your audience with personalized email, SMS, and automation campaigns that are as easy to build as they are to track and measure. Engage through email and SMS Pull in your event details Choose from 30+ segmentation filters See email marketing MAKE SMART DECISIONS WITH REPORTS BUILT FOR EVENTS Know exactly what's driving ticketing revenue Tie email and SMS campaigns to ticket sales to directly see which messages effectively drive ticket purchases. See reporting Revenue Email Performance SMS Performance Subscriber Growth Book a call Book a call Book a call Book a call Book a call Book a call Book a demo Book a demo WE’RE ALL IN ON EVENTS Comedy Promote your shows with laser precision, ensuring you attract new fans while keeping loyal patrons coming back for more laughs. Read more Fairs & Rodeos Effortlessly sell more tickets with the ability to target repeat attendees and attract out-of-towners from a single source of data truth. Read more Music Whether you host 40 events or 400, integrate your ticketing and CRM to help you handle promotions and increase ticket sales. Read more Festivals Make the most of long sales periods through tailored outreach for presales, VIP packages, and more to maximize festival attendance. Read more resources Elevate your event IQ Explore, learn, and stay ahead of the curve with resources that fuel your success in the ever-evolving landscape of live events. Jump to a page Resource library Help center Articles Guides Templates Webinars & Videos Case studies 11 types of SMS marketing campaigns for event promoters Looking to connect with your fans in a more direct way? SMS campaigns are the answer! Discover how you can generate ticketing revenue, onsite sales, and keep fans happy with just a few simple strategies. The latest resources Segmentation 101 for targeted event promotion How to create year-round engagement for annual events Maximizing revenue streams for events beyond ticket sales LESS TO DO, MORE SOLD OUT Book a call See pricing Company About Careers Pricing Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions End User Terms of Use Features All Product Features Email Marketing SMS Marketing CRM Automations Presale Registration Contests Web Forms Reporting Ticketing Partners Ads Other Integrations Industries Music Festivals Fairs & Rodeos Comedy Timed Entry Resources Help Center Resource Library Articles Guides Templates Webinars & Videos Case Studies Sign up for the newsletter Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Follow us on our journey