Hiver: AI-powered customer service platform Skip to content Product Use Cases Email management Assign, track, and collaborate on emails using Hiver’s Shared Inbox Customer service Scale customer service across channels by unifying conversations Live chat AI-powered bots and live chat for conversational support Key Features Hiver AI Use AI to assist and resolve queries Omnichannel Inbox All channels in one inbox Knowledge Base Deflect support questions Customer Portal Self-serve portal for customers Collaboration Work faster, together Workflow Automation Triage, assign, and resolve Analytics Surface key customer insights CSAT Collect customer feedback Integrations Connect to other systems Ticketing Track support requests SLA Set service targets for your team Approvals Initiate, track, and obtain approvals Take a tour Explore all features Use Cases Email management Customer service Live chat Key Features Hiver AI Omnichannel Inbox Live Chat Knowledge Base Customer Portal Collaboration Workflow Automation Analytics CSAT Integrations Ticketing SLA Approvals Explore all features Solutions By Teams Customer Support Finance ITSM Human Resources By Industries Technology and Software Healthcare Education Logistics Travel and Hospitality Manufacturing By Teams Customer Support Finance ITSM Human Resources By Industries Technology and Software Healthcare Education Logistics Travel and Hospitality Manufacturing Customers Resources Using Hiver Product Roadmap Community Help Center Product Updates Explore Hiver Referral Program Blogs Free Tools Ebooks and Guides Hiver Studio Podcast Events Hiver Training Day Hiver Onboarding Live Using Hiver​ Product Roadmap Community Help Center Product Updates Explore Hiver​ Referral Program Blogs Free Tools Ebooks and Guides Hiver Studio Podcast Events Hiver Training Day Hiver Onboarding Live Pricing X All Blogs Topics Email Management Shared Inbox Ticketing Customer Service Customer Experience Collaboration & Productivity Google Workspace Outlook Live Chat & Chatbots Research studies The State of Email in 2019 The Customer Service Benchmark Report The State of Customer Support in 2022 Top Customer Service Trends of 2023 AI vs Human Customer Support How finance teams are losing time, trust, money X Sign in Sign in with Google Sign in with Microsoft Not on Hiver? Sign up now X Start free trial Book a demo The modern AI ✦ customer service platform Say hello to the customer service platform for the modern AI era. Make exceptional service feel effortless by letting AI agents handle the busywork. Start free trial Book a demo Unlimited users on Free plan  ✦  No credit card needed Trusted by 10,000+ Customer Service, Finance & IT teams One AI platform, endless possibilities. Modern ticketing Effortlessly handle conversations across channels. Live chat Deliver 24/7 support, powered by AI Chatbots. Hiver AI Let AI resolve tickets, assist your team with responses, and uncover insights for you. Modern Ticketing Modern ticketing built for fast-moving teams Shared Inboxes Assign ownership, centralize communication, and track conversations across channels from one intuitive interface. Collaboration Share and collaborate on conversations using Shared Drafts, @mentions, and internal Notes without messy CCs and forwards. Workflows Automatically route conversations, categorize them, and perform any action, whether it’s inside Hiver or any tool you’ve connected. Customer Portal Deploy a personalized Customer Portal where your customers can raise, manage, and track their issues in real-time. Integrations Integrate with 100+ apps to view, edit, and update their data within Hiver—without switching tabs. Insights Measure key metrics like response times, support volume, ticket trends, customer feedback, and more. Live chat Engage instantly with customers on Live Chat AI Chatbots Instantly answer support inquiries through AI Chatbots that learn from your conversations, internal SOPs, knowledge base, and more. Rule-based Chatbots Easily build out “if-then” decision trees to handle complex scenarios, such as FAQs, booking information, and more. Built-in Knowledge Base Deflect incoming queries by embedding a Knowledge Base with answers to all frequently asked questions. Hiver AI Scale human-like service with Hiver AI AI Triage Let AI triage, categorize, and route conversations automatically. Analyze every conversation to detect customer intent and prioritize urgent conversations accordingly. AI Copilot Improve agent productivity with an AI Copilot that drafts replies, suggests next steps, and revises tone. Search across docs, past tickets, and customer data to answer questions instantly. AI Sentiment Analysis Analyze every conversation to detect customers' emotional tone and prioritize urgent conversations accordingly. AI Tasks Create workflows that handle complex, multi-step actions, such as triaging, routing, and performing tasks in connected third-party apps. AI Insights Use AI to surface patterns, track performance, and uncover opportunities to improve support quality. AI QA Assist agents in writing on-brand replies and determine the team’s QA scores automatically based on their tone, accuracy, empathy, and more Elevate your customer service in minutes First 10 minutes Day 1 Day 7 First 10 minutes Get Started Connect service channels in 5 minutes Set up live chat Resolve your first conversation Day 1 Become a power-user Set up rules to route & tag messages Use Hiver AI to deflect and respond Analyze metrics to improve Day 7 Eliminate the busy work Save 100+ FTE hrs with AI Improve productivity by up to 2x Cut down resolution times by 50% “Onboarding took only about 2-3 hours. It was very easy to learn the functionality. We understood Hiver pretty quickly.” Here's why our customers love us Enterprise Mid-sized businesses Startups "Hiver is essentially an “additional person” on my team. We have visibility into every issue's resolution path and that's cut down resolution times by 50%." – Nathan Strang, Ocean Freight Operations Manager Read case study 50% faster email resolution 387 hrs saved/month < 2hrs to onboard "Hiver's ability to track progress in real-time has eliminated unnecessary delays. It has improved our accuracy and speed in processing vendor payments by 45%" – Jill Tarnoff, Sr. AP Specialist Read case study 65% faster issue resolution 89 hrs saved/month 45% increase in efficiency "Hiver is extremely easy to use. We were able to hit the ground running right from day one. On top of that, their customer service is simply fantastic!" – Luke Thompson, Co-owner Read case study 62 hrs saved/month 2x faster routing 100% productivity boost "Hiver's automated triage and routing features have helped us save over 500 hours every month. Hiver ensures things run smoothly." – Emma Minnis, Interim Manager of Student Success Read case study 533 hrs saved/month 90% cut in tracking times < 1% missed emails "We got a little burned with Zendesk, so we didn’t want to commit. On Hiver, every team member knows what their workload is and there are no SLA violations now." – Jędrzej Dąbrowski, Product Manager Read case study 50% faster response times 44% faster resolution times 5000 emails handled/month "Hiver's Live Chat made it easy for customers to reach us. Chatbots handled common questions automatically and reduced our support load by 20% during peak times." – Werner Alsemgeest, Specialist Master Read case study 40% faster response times 30% reduction in triage times 20% drop in support volume "Hiver is very, very dependable, high quality, high producing, thought invoking, and very creative. Our resolution rates have improved by 75%" – John Torres, Director of Customer Communication Read case study 99% SLA compliance 1,092 hrs saved/month 50% faster response times "We didn’t want our team to spend time on training. Hiver is easy to use, yet powerful. We handle ~1000 daily without delays and save over 400 hours/month." – Dakotah Shore, IT Manager Read case study 495 hrs saved/month 115 hrs saved using auto assign 59 hrs hours saved through automated triage "Hiver is a very friendly tool and doesn’t give you an alien feel. It removes the complexities of a legacy ticketing system and everything about it is simple" – Christian Sibayan, Manager – Field Operations and Systems Read case study 60% faster first response times 50% cut in resolution times 138 hrs saved/month "Zendesk was expensive, clunky, and had a whole lot of features we just didn’t need. Moving to Hiver was a painless affair and we now save 40 hrs every month." – Scott Gellatly, General Manager Read case study 40 hrs saved/month 3000+ emails resolved/month "Hiver's Automations help us fix a lot of things that other tools fail us with. We've save over 400 hours every month by automating our triage and routing." – Tim Mijzen, Director, Handel Bouw Advies Read case study 400+ hrs saved 80% higher CSAT scores 100% visiblity into support volumes "We adopted Hiver before Japan’s cherry blossom season. The impact on team efficiency was immediate. We’re able to respond to customer inquiries 60% faster." – Mariya Williams, Marketing Manager Read case study 60% faster response times 40% boost in team efficiency 70% drop in support volume The best AI support platform in the world, offering (almost) unbelievable value You don’t need to spend a fortune to deliver stellar service. Replace Zendesk, Freshdesk, Intercom, and other point solutions with Hiver to cut costs and get better results. Start free trial Book a demo Trusted by 10,000+ teams to deliver customer delight Support conversations resolved till date 484,070,281 Start free trial Book a demo Simplify email management and customer service with Hiver Product Shared Inbox Ticketing Collaboration Hiver AI Automation Reporting Integrations Knowledge Base Customer Portal Mobile App Compare Front Zendesk Google Groups Gmelius Help Scout Customers Flexport Get It Made Ping Identity Clutter BNI Visiting Angels Morgan State University Cohere Health WS Display All Stories Company About Us Careers Referral Program Partner Program Contact Us Explore Hiver Help center Onboarding guide Product Updates Product Roadmap Resources Blog Events E-books and Guides Hiver Community Developer Docs Try Hiver Sign up Book a demo Pricing Take a tour Additional resources Customer Service & Support Customer service software Help desk software Customer support guide Live Chat Live chat widget Guide to chatbots Live chat metrics Email Management AI-powered email management Shared inbox for teams Email ticketing systems Integrations Salesforce Hubspot Shopify Free tools AI email generator AI summarizer CSAT Benchmarks 2026 Hiver Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy Cookie Security Copyright Claims Vulnerability Disclosure based on 2,000+ reviews from Get Hiver's Chrome extension for Gmail to start your 7-day free trial! Step 1 Add Hiver’s extension to your Gmail from the Chrome Webstore Step 2 Log in to the extension to grant necessary permissions Step 3 Enjoy your 7-day free trial of Hiver Add to Chrome The modern AI-powered customer service platform Switch to desktop Hiver offers the best experience on your desktop or laptop browser. Switch devices and download our extension from the Chrome Web Store to start using Hiver. Close Not ready to install Hiver’s Gmail extension? That’s okay. Would you be open to try Hiver’s standalone web-based customer service platform, which does not require downloading the Gmail extension? Yes, take me there! Thank you for your interest! The web app is currently under development—we’ll notify you as soon as it’s live. In the meantime, you can get started with your 7-day free trial by downloading our Gmail extension. Take a tour Add to Chrome The modern AI-powered customer service platform Get started for free Unlimited users on the Free plan  ✦  No credit card needed or Continue with Google Continue with Microsoft By signing up for a free trial, you agree to our Terms and that you have read our Privacy Policy I’m good Book your slot Awesome! We've reserved your spot. You’ll receive an email shortly with the details. Don’t forget to add to your calendar! “Our clients choose us over competitors due to our speed and quality of communication. We couldn’t achieve this without Hiver” Fin Brown Project Manager Get in touch with us Fill out the form and we’ll get back to you. Get a personalized demo Connect with our customer champion to explore how teams like you leverage Hiver to: