Home | Harvey Mudd College Skip to main content Skip to navigation for this section Home Resources for Resources for Students Faculty and Staff Alumni Parents Mudd A–Z Open search Admission and Financial Aid Toggle Admission dropdown menu Discover Harvey Mudd Connect to Harvey Mudd Apply to Harvey Mudd Afford to attend Harvey Mudd Academics Toggle Academics Dropdown DEPARTMENTS Biology Chemistry Computer Science Engineering Humanities, Social Sciences, and the Arts Mathematics Physics INTERDISCIPLINARY CENTERS Hixon Center for Climate and the Environment Center for Design Education Hixon-Riggs Program for Responsive Science and Engineering Majors at Harvey Mudd Academic Emphases at Harvey Mudd Faculty of Harvey Mudd Common Core Curriculum English Language Learning Student Awards and Fellowships Registrar Dean of the Faculty Institutional Research Learning Programs Study Abroad Upward Bound Summer Session The Makerspace Entrepreneurship Clinic Toggle Dropdown Sponsors and Projects Prospective Sponsors Impact on Society Clinic Events History of the Clinic Program Clinic Program Contacts Research Toggle Dropdown Summer Research and Scholarship Scholarship Focus Areas and Research Labs Research Videos Sponsored Faculty Research HMC-Sponsored Faculty Research Grants Postdoctoral Program in Interdisciplinary Computation Student Research Opportunities Student Life Toggle Dropdown Academic Resources and Study Abroad Campus Life Career Services Civic and Community Engagement Housing and Residential Life Institutional Diversity Wellbeing About Division of Student Affairs Meet the DSA Staff ASHMC Athletics Commencement Orientation Accessible Education International Students and Scholars Study Abroad Mudders Care for Mudders Emergency Resources Student Handbook Hazing Prevention and Policy Title IX and Sexual Assault Workplace Violence Policy 7C Demonstration Policy Annual Fire Safety and Security Report About Toggle Dropdown Visit Campus Harvey Mudd  News Upcoming Events Fast Facts History President's Office Mission and Strategic Planning Giving Toggle Dropdown Make Your Gift Now Annual Fund Endowed Giving at Harvey Mudd Planned Giving Current and Special Giving Initiatives Ways to Give Contact College Advancement Close Submit Your browser does not support the video tag. Pause Mudd + You = Impact Harvey Mudd College The Liberal Arts College of Engineering, Science and Mathematics Request info Apply Visit Virtual Tour News and Events Latest News More Harvey Mudd Clinic Team Publishes Cancer Research in ACS Omega Ibarra García Padilla Named KITP Scholar Student Clinic Team Earns First BeamNetUS Grant Upcoming Events Events Calendar January 28 12th Annual Voices of Engagement February 6–7 Family Weekend February 8 Concert Series– Brightwork Ensemble: Music from the Ring of Fire February 27–28 Driving the Impact of Data Science (DIoDS) Conference: From Data to Doing About Mudd Bring your excitement for science and mathematics, enthusiasm for the humanities, arts and social sciences, ability to thrive amid challenge and desire to be part of a collaborative community to Harvey Mudd. No. 1 Best College ROI No. 2 Student Experience No. 2 Best Career Placement 921 Undergraduates 51:49 Female:Male 8:1 Student:Faculty Academics The Harvey Mudd curriculum integrates vigorous STEM and liberal arts courses to educate talented scientists, engineers, and mathematicians— inspiring them to become passionate problem solvers who understand the impact of their work on society. Curriculum The curriculum has three components Common Core HSA The Major The Common Core A Broad Foundation in STEM Disciplines Our educational experience starts with the Common Core, a set of coordinated courses from every department—biology, chemistry, computer science, engineering, math, physics and humanities, social sciences and the arts. The Core gives you a broad scientific background coupled with academic writing and critical inquiry. No matter what your future major, you will gain a solid interdisciplinary foundation. Learn More Humanities, Social Sciences, and the Arts Know Your Impact Harvey Mudd is a liberal arts college where students have the opportunity to major in a STEM field while taking nearly a third of their classes in humanities, social sciences and the arts (HSA). The HSA requirement encourages students to pursue their interests in philosophy, psychology, political science, sociology, literature, music, photography, media studies and many other fields. With dynamic professors at Harvey Mudd and the other Claremont Colleges, you will be able to take courses in a wide range of topics of interest to you. Why do we center HSA in our curriculum? Because we believe humanities, social sciences and the arts are central to our mission to educate leaders who understand the impact of their work on society. Learn More The Major Explore Your Field Through Research and Experiential Learning The major builds depth and technical competence in a chosen field. Majors at Harvey Mudd emphasize a broad-based, interdisciplinary approach to equip our students with problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt to any challenge. Coursework comes alive with project-based experiential learning and graduate-level research opportunities. You’ll finish your major by completing real-world research (thesis) or a clinic project. Throughout the entire curriculum runs an emphasis on developing strong oral and written communications and excellent computational skills. Learn More Senior Capstone Experience Every student completes a yearlong senior project in either original research or the Clinic Program, depending on the major. Students can engage in research and Clinic before their senior year as well, and many do. Solving Real-world Problems Clinic engages juniors and seniors in solving real-world, technical problems for companies and organizations. Teams of four to five students complete computer science, engineering, mathematics, physics or multidisciplinary projects, applying their education to produce valuable solutions for sponsors. Learn More Not Your Average Undergrad Students work alongside faculty as colleagues, investigating open-ended questions, presenting findings at national conferences and co-publishing papers. Opportunities abound, and students can begin doing research early in their studies or engage in summer research. Learn More Life @ Mudd Harvey Mudd nurtures a close-knit, creative, fun-loving community that is passionate about learning. We study together, play together and explore interests in everything from ballroom dance to robotics to sustainability. Learn More Mudders Can Harvey Mudd has a legacy of preparing its graduates for success. Students typically have many options after graduation and go on to lead very successful careers. Amani Maina-Kilaas ’23 Amani Maina-Kilaas ’23 studies human and artificial intelligence in tandem to better understand cognitive neuroscience. Christopher Pong ’08 Part hobby, part job, Christopher Pong’s work on the Mars 2020 Perseverance Rover mission has been an emotional journey. Mary Jessie Celestin ’21 The multi-talented Mary Jessie Celestin ’21 uses a human-centered approach to vitalize her hometown of San Jose. Request Info Visit Apply 301 Platt Blvd., Claremont, CA 91711 909.621.8000 | info@hmc.edu Your support helps educate compassionate leaders in STEM. Give now » The official store for Harvey Mudd College apparel and merchandise Shop HMC » Safety Information Mudders Care for Mudders Map and Directions Directory Privacy Statement Accessibility Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination Statement Employment at Harvey Mudd Harvey Mudd College does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of any status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. © Copyright 2025 | Harvey Mudd College is a member of The Claremont Colleges Harvey Mudd College Official Facebook Harvey Mudd College Official Instagram Harvey Mudd College Official BlueSky Harvey Mudd College Official YouTube Harvey Mudd College Official Flickr Harvey Mudd College Official LinkedIn