The Historical Marker Database HMdb.org THE HISTORICAL MARKER DATABASE “Bite-Size Bits of Local, National, and Global History” “Bite-Size Bits of Local, National, and Global History” ▼ ⌂ My Markers Add A Marker Forum FAQ About Us Merch ★ ★ Near Me Want Lists Series Topics Locations ▼ ☰ Near Me Welcome to the Historical Marker Database Public history cast in metal · carved on stone · permanently marked Advertisement Marker of the Week Lanier/Miona Springs Oglethorpe,  Georgia On December 29, 1837, an Act chartered Macon County, Georgia, and established Lanier as its first county seat. Lanier became a hub for early settlers, including Georgia Senator and Brig. Gen. Philip Cook, and remained the county seat until 1854. Its post office, operational from 1838 to 1866, still stands nearby. Additionally, Miona Springs, a historic gathering place for Native Americans, was appropriated by settler Timothy Barnard in 1818. Former Editor David Seibert of Sandy Springs, Georgia filed this entry in 2011. Previous Markers of the Week. Article fetched in less than 1 ms. Take a Tour of the Database Click on the star button ★ in the menu above. Repeat. Every time you click, you will be shown a different entry at random. More Than 250 Thousand! HMdb MARKER COUNT 250346 Hundreds added monthly. ...▼ One of our correspondents has stood in front of each historical marker or monument, taken its picture, and entered its location and other information. An editor has reviewed and approved each entry. For some very few entries without photos, their location was carefully researched. No other national historical marker list can make this claim, and a number of them borrow information from us, some without permission. The latest entry was published earlier today at 7:53 PM ET. We’ll mail you a 10x3 magnetic bumper sticker free of charge. Email the publisher with your postal mailing address. Advertisement Historical Marker Facts These counts are as of last night and also include war memorials. How many historical markers are there in the United States? We’ve found 226,687 so far. Adding more daily. What state has the most historical markers? We’ve found the most in New York . Texas , Pennsylvania , Virginia , and California round out the top five. How many historical markers are there in Canada? We’ve found 7,127 so far. We’re always looking for more. More facts and figures Aguascalientes Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Campeche Chiapas Ciudad de México Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Distrito Nacional England Estado de Mexico Florida Georgia Guanajuato Guatemala Hawaii Hidalgo Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Jalisco Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Michoacán Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Morelos Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Ireland Nova Scotia Nuevo León Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puebla Puerto Rico Québec Querétaro Quetzaltenango Quintana Roo Rhode Island Sacatepéquez San Luis Potosí San Salvador Scotland South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Veracruz Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yucatán ONE MOMENT PLEASE Entries Recently Added touch or click to see list ...▼ Recently Modified Entries touch or click to see list ...▼ Most Viewed Entries This Year touch or click to see list ...▼ Tag Pages to Create Lists When you are signed in, you will see these small buttons ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ on marker pages and search results. Click on them to tag that marker. Return to the My Markers page to see what you've tagged and to create lists, maps, and spreadsheets. To get started, click on My Markers to sign in. First time users can register from there. Tag and map your next weekend outing! History Happened Here National and global events all happened some­where, and historical markers mark Frontiersman, Soldier, Writer, Astronaut the place where many occurred. But the richness of history is in its local details, details that can be insignificant on the global stage: the home of an in­di­vi­dual who made a dif­fe­rence; a natural feature, building, byway; or just some­thing in­te­res­ting that happened nearby. History is not just about the high and mighty. Markers tell stories and point out facts. There is one at the site the northernmost battle of the U.S. Civil War and another at the southernmost point in the United States (can you guess where?). There is one next to a 17th century Japanese stone lantern symbolizing 20th century peace, and another one less than 20 miles away reminding us of the Nike missile sites that were built the same year the lantern was dedicated. They tell of battles , Generals Captured in their Union Suits, Literally! massacres and hangings ; of hu­ma­ni­ta­rians , educators , and a beloved stagecoach horse ; of mountains , lakes , rivers , bridges , roads , and other natural and man-made wonders. There are countless thousands of great stories marked by markers—and some boring ones too. Some markers simply recite facts while others are insightful, obscure, cryptic, patriotic, fas­ci­na­ting, sad, funny, or just downright bizarre.  Many of those markers are on these pages, others are waiting for you to discover and add them to this database. So hit the road and experience history first-hand yourself. History happened nearby. Advertisement Click on the ad for more information. Please report objectionable advertising to the Editor. Advertisement Click on the ad for more information. Please report objectionable advertising to the Editor. Suggestions? Problems? We want to hear from you. Send a note to the editors . Are You A Marker Hunter? Do you collect historical markers? Would you like to start? If you’re a collector, or want to get started, Clara Barton, Steamboat Gothic Aficionado consider uploading your discoveries to this site. What do you get in return? We’ll credit each sub­mis­sion by publishing your name and town on that page, unless, of course, you wish to remain anonymous. We’ve got ways for you to track your progress, and leaderboards to compete with other marker hunters. It’s easy to add your markers! Check marker submission guidelines , then click Add A Marker to get started. Adding photos, links and commentary is just as easy: go the marker's page and click on the links at the top or bottom of the page. There are other ways to hunt What can you do when your neck of the woods gets picked out and there are no Standing on the Corner in Winslow Arizona more markers to add to the data­base? Are your marker hunting days over? No, no they’re not. All you need to do is start hunting for im­prove­ments. Take a look at existing database entries from your area and make them better. Become a database Improver! First, rummage through the Want List. There’s a link there that pulls up editor wants for markers near you. But you don’t have to wait for editors to put a want on the want list. Take a look at our entries for markers near you, or near where you are going to be, and see if you can improve them. Visit and take some fresh photos and add them if you think they’re better than what we have take photos of what the marker is talking about if that is appropriate and possible see if you can find vintage public domain photos online and add them with proper attribution chat up your historical society to see if they would have vintage photos that they would let you rephotograph and post see if you can find additional information online that adds to what the marker says and add a link or two add a commentary of your own summarizing research you’ve completed copy relevant paragraphs from books whose copyright have expired and add them as commentaries clarify obscure terms, acronyms and abbreviations by defining them in a commentary add anything else on the topic you think readers of the page will appreciate knowing. Editors will review what you’ve added. If it improves the page, they’ll publish it. There are leader­boards to rank con­tri­bu­tors that improve the database on the Counts and Stats page.  Can you chart on one of them? HMdb.org Cards 3½" x 2" wallet cards are available. We’ll mail contributors a dozen or more at no charge. Simply email the publisher with your postal mailing address and state how many you would like. Sign one and put it in your wallet to show you are a contributor to HMdb.org. It might come in handy when someone asks you what you’re doing next to a government installation with a camera. Hand the rest out to friends and curious bystanders. Your note will be discarded after the envelope is addressed. Keep An Eye on Those Markers Get a list of markers near where you live and work and keep an eye out for them when you're out on the road. You would be surprised how many disappear in the course of a year. To report a missing marker, use the “Correct This Page” link on the marker’s page and scroll down to the “Is Marker Missing?” section. A photo of the stump, hole in the ground, or place where the marker was is necessary for proof. Also, please take a few minutes and inform your local historical society. Share This Website HINT: When Buesky window opens, press the space key twice to activate the link. Tweet Share on Tumblr Or use buttons at the bottom of each marker page to recommend individual markers. Middle School History Project Teachers! Are you looking for a history project idea that will actively involve your students and their parents? Take a look at this historical marker passport project used by teachers in the Wilson NY School District for 7th and 8th grade students. Download the customizable two-page Microsoft Word document by clicking here . Attention Historical Societies Do we have entries for all of the historical markers in your area? Here is a suggestion for an article for your next newsletter that may get your membership to help fill in the gaps. MISCELLANEOUS PAGES Historical Marker Books and Other Websites State Marker Numbering Plans Submission Guidelines and Suggestions Editorial Guidelines Typographic Guidelines and Typesetters’ Characters Service-Learning Project Opportunities How to Copy and Paste Technical Information About This Site Counts and Statistics NOTICE Do you have some history that you want to publish on the Internet? HMdb.org can provide  static hosting space at HistoryArchives.org at no charge. What you want to publish does not have to be related to a historical marker. For more information, contact an editor. CeraNet Cloud Computing sponsors the Historical Marker Database. This website earns income from purchases you make after using our links to Amazon.com . We appreciate your support. Paid Advertisement Copyright © 2006–2025, Some rights reserved. — Privacy Policy — Terms of Use — About Us — Contact Us Dec. 31, 2025