HMP Global Learning Network | Home Skip to main content Keyword Specialties Allergy & Immunology Autoimmune CardioVascular Clinical Pathways Dentistry Dermatology Emergency & Mobile Medicine Endocrinology & Diabetes Gastroenterology Infectious Diseases Neurology Obstetrics & Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Pediatrics Podiatry Managed Care Psychiatry & Behavioral Health Pulmonology Rheumatology & Arthritis Surgery Urology Wound Care Events Education About Sign In Search Keyword Specialties Allergy & Immunology Autoimmune CardioVascular Clinical Pathways Dentistry Dermatology Emergency & Mobile Medicine Endocrinology & Diabetes Gastroenterology Infectious Diseases Neurology Obstetrics & Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Pediatrics Podiatry Managed Care Psychiatry & Behavioral Health Pulmonology Rheumatology & Arthritis Surgery Urology Wound Care Events Education About Sign In Search What’s New The CTP News Desk Is Your New Central Hub for Real-Time Updates on Cellular and Tissue-Based Products Rapid shifts in reimbursement and regulatory policy are transforming how wound care teams use cellular and tissue-based products (CTPs). The CTP News Desk aims to help clinicians and administrators stay informed, offering the timeliest u... Corey Siegel, MD, on Improving IBD Care Models In this video, Dr Corey Siegel outlines 5 problems in advancing the care of patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and discusses how the RADIUS program offers a possible solution to the future challenges in IBD care. FDA Approves Ziftomenib for Patients With Relapsed/Refractory NPM1-Mutated Acute Myeloid Leukemia The FDA approved ziftomenib, a menin inhibitor, for patients with relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia who have an NPM1 mutation and have no satisfactory alternative treatment options. Latest News Research Highlights Dupilumab Shows Efficacy in Real-World Treatment of Eosinophilic Esophagitis 12/31/2025 Rebecca Mashaw A meta-analysis pools data across multiple centers to show high rates of symptom resolution and histologic improvement among patients with EoE outside controlled trials. A meta-analysis pools data across multiple centers to show high rates of symptom resolution and histologic improvement among patients with EoE outside controlled trials. A meta-analysis pools data... 12/31/2025 Allergy & Immunology Allergy & Immunology News Looking at CTP Regulatory Changes Through an AI Lens 12/30/2025 Eric J. Lullove, DPM, CWSP, FACCWS, FAPWCA Dr. Lullove shares his thoughts on several of the new regulatory considerations for skin substitutes. Dr. Lullove shares his thoughts on several of the new regulatory considerations for skin substitutes. Dr. Lullove shares his thoughts... 12/30/2025 Wounds Wounds Conference Coverage Tabelecleucel Shows Activity and Favorable Safety for Pediatric Patients With R/R EBV-Positive Post-Transplant Lymphoproliferative Disease: ALLELE Trial 12/29/2025 Emily Estrada Tabelecleucel demonstrated durable responses and favorable safety among pediatric patients with relapsed/refractory Epstein–Barr virus-positive PTLD, according to results presented at the 2025 ASH Annual Meeting & Exposition. Tabelecleucel demonstrated durable responses and favorable safety among pediatric patients with relapsed/refractory Epstein–Barr virus-positive PTLD, according to results presented at the 2025 ASH Annual Meeting & Exposition. Tabelecleucel demonstrated... 12/29/2025 Oncology Oncology News Smartphone-Delivered Digital CBT Improves Anxiety Symptoms in Adults 12/29/2025 Sarah Fleming A smartphone-delivered digital cognitive behavioral therapy  (DCBT) program significantly improved symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) in adults, according to a randomized clinical trial published in JAMA Network Open. A smartphone-delivered digital cognitive behavioral therapy  (DCBT) program significantly improved symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) in adults, according to a randomized clinical trial published in JAMA Network Open. A smartphone-delivered digital... 12/29/2025 Psych Congress Network Psych Congress Network News Genomic Classifier Validates Early Prostate Cancer Recurrence Risk in African American Men, VA Study Finds 12/23/2025 Grace Taylor, MS, MA A prospective US Veterans Affairs multicenter study shows that a validated genomic classifier can independently predict early biochemical recurrence in African American men with localized prostate cancer, supporting its use to improve risk... A prospective US Veterans Affairs multicenter study shows that a validated genomic classifier can independently predict early biochemical recurrence in African American men with localized prostate cancer, supporting its use to improve risk... A prospective US Veterans... 12/23/2025 Veterans Health Today Veterans Health Today News Abbott's Volt™ Pulsed Field Ablation System Receives FDA Approval To Treat Patients With Atrial Fibrillation 12/22/2025 Abbott's Volt™ PFA System, the latest generation of cardiac ablation technology, is designed for people battling heart rhythm disorders such as atrial fibrillation (AFib) Abbott's Volt™ PFA System, the latest generation of cardiac ablation technology, is designed for people battling heart rhythm disorders such as atrial fibrillation (AFib) Abbott's Volt™ PFA System, the... 12/22/2025 EP Lab Digest EP Lab Digest News AI Navigator Launched to Support Medicaid and SNAP Members Amid Policy Shifts 12/22/2025 Hannah Musick Social health platform Pyx Health has launched an AI-driven navigator aimed at helping US Medicaid and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) beneficiaries comply with new policy requirements under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act... Social health platform Pyx Health has launched an AI-driven navigator aimed at helping US Medicaid and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) beneficiaries comply with new policy requirements under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act... Social health platform Pyx... 12/22/2025 First Report Managed Care First Report Managed Care Latest Research Podiatry Today Podiatry Today Shaping Podiatric Practice: 25 Years of Progress Vol. 38,
Issue 12,
Issue December 2025 EP Lab Digest STEEER-AF: An International Implementation Trial Demonstrating the Impact of Targeted Education on Guideline Adherence and Patient Outcomes in Atrial Fibrillation Care Vol. 25,
Issue 12,
Issue December 2025 Podiatry Today Alternatives to Sharp Debridement and Future Directions Vol. 38,
Issue 11,
Issue December 2025 HMP Global Learning Network Check Out Our Other Offerings Wound Care Business Navigator reflects the growing need for a more comprehensive, dynamic, and interactive resource tailored to today’s wound care professionals. MARIN (Market Access Research Intelligence) is where cutting-edge research meets strategic insight. Clinical Pathways The Online Learning Hub is an essential online educational experience, crafted by the world-class leaders of Psych Congress. Psychiatry & Behavioral Health Our dynamic and interactive education platform aims to deepen your understanding of clinical pathways in oncology and your role in the value-based-care landscape. Clinical Pathways WoundSource is an annual wound care product reference guide of 1700+ products manufactured by 200+ wound care companies. Featured CME The Medication Access and Training Expansion (MATE) Act requires prescribers renewing their DEA registration to have completed at least 8 hours of training on opioid or other substance use disorders. Upcoming Events January 17 ⁠–⁠ January 18 January 27 ⁠–⁠ January 30 January 30 ⁠–⁠ February 1 February 9 ⁠–⁠ February 12 February 19 ⁠–⁠ February 22 February 26 ⁠–⁠ February 28 March 15 ⁠–⁠ March 16 March 16 ⁠–⁠ March 18 March 19 ⁠–⁠ March 22 April 6 ⁠–⁠ April 9 See Full Calendar Featured Interviews Viewpoints Observations on Potential Pivots and Continued Change 12/01/2025 Scott Nelson This speaker expounds on potential trends he sees for CTPs in 2026. This speaker expounds on potential trends he sees for CTPs in 2026. This speaker expounds on... 12/01/2025 Wounds Conference Coverage Corey Siegel, MD, on Improving IBD Care Models 11/28/2025 Corey A. Siegel, MD, MS In the J Edward Burke Distinguished Lecture at the ACG Scientific Meeting, Dr Corey Siegel outlined 5 problems in advancing the care of patients with inflammatory bowel disease, and discussed how the RADIUS program begun at his institution... In the J Edward Burke Distinguished Lecture at the ACG Scientific Meeting, Dr Corey Siegel outlined 5 problems in advancing the care of patients with inflammatory bowel disease, and discussed how the RADIUS program begun at his institution... In the J Edward Burke... 11/28/2025 Advances in Inflammatory Bowel Disease Network Videos Breaking Down Cancer Prevention: What Really Works? 11/26/2025 John Hennessy, MBA;           Michael Kolodziej, MD In this episode of Breaking Down Health Care, John Hennessy and Dr. Michael Kolodziej explore the crucial difference between cancer screening and true cancer prevention, highlighting how lifestyle changes, vaccines, and emerging therapies... In this episode of Breaking Down Health Care, John Hennessy and Dr. Michael Kolodziej explore the crucial difference between cancer screening and true cancer prevention, highlighting how lifestyle changes, vaccines, and emerging therapies... In this episode of Breaking Down... 11/26/2025 Cancer Care Business Exchange Videos Part 3: Rebuilding Confidence: Multidisciplinary and Holistic Approaches to Severe Alopecia Areata 11/03/2025 Brittany Craiglow, MD;           Brett A. King, MD, PhD;           Maryanne Makredes Senna, MD In the final installment of this expert roundtable series, top dermatologists discuss holistic care in alopecia areata, including emotional support, patient education, and resources like the National Alopecia Areata Foundation. Learn how to... In the final installment of this expert roundtable series, top dermatologists discuss holistic care in alopecia areata, including emotional support, patient education, and resources like the National Alopecia Areata Foundation. Learn how to... In the final installment of this... 11/03/2025 The Dermatologist Sponsored Video Nimesh Desai, MD, Shares His Perspective on Recently Published 5-Year Outcomes in Acute Complicated Type B Aortic Dissection 11/01/2025 Nimesh Desai, MD, PhD Dr Desai shares his perspective on the key long-term outcomes of the US IDE Clinical Trial, Type B Dissection. Dr Desai shares his perspective on the key long-term outcomes of the US IDE Clinical Trial, Type B Dissection. Dr Desai shares his perspective... 11/01/2025 Vascular Disease Management Videos Gigatrends Reshaping Global Health Care: Insights for CPC+CBEx 2025 10/31/2025 Thomas Koulopoulos Futurist Thomas Koulopoulos explores how “gigatrends”—seismic global shifts like changing demographics and AI—are redefining health care, urging a balance between innovation and trust as the industry evolves toward more human-centered,... Futurist Thomas Koulopoulos explores how “gigatrends”—seismic global shifts like changing demographics and AI—are redefining health care, urging a balance between innovation and trust as the industry evolves toward more human-centered,... Futurist Thomas Koulopoulos... 10/31/2025 Journal of Clinical Pathways Videos Avelumab Shows Durable Response in Advanced Penile Cancer 10/31/2025 Srikala Sridhar, MD Srikala Sridhar, MD, discusses results from the phase 2 ALPACA study evaluating avelumab in patients with locally advanced or metastatic penile cancer who were unfit for or experienced disease progression after platinum-based chemotherapy. Srikala Sridhar, MD, discusses results from the phase 2 ALPACA study evaluating avelumab in patients with locally advanced or metastatic penile cancer who were unfit for or experienced disease progression after platinum-based chemotherapy. Srikala Sridhar, MD, discusses... 10/31/2025 Oncology Videos Cancer Screening in Transition: From Imaging to Innovation 10/15/2025 John Hennessy, MBA;           Michael Kolodziej, MD In this episode of Breaking Down Health Care, John Hennessy and Dr Michael Kolodziej explore the evolving landscape of cancer screening—from the advances in imaging and artificial intelligence to the promise and pitfalls of new DNA- and... In this episode of Breaking Down Health Care, John Hennessy and Dr Michael Kolodziej explore the evolving landscape of cancer screening—from the advances in imaging and artificial intelligence to the promise and pitfalls of new DNA- and... In this episode of Breaking Down... 10/15/2025 Cancer Care Business Exchange Videos Pediatric Video Tutorial: Warning Signs of Trafficking 09/26/2025 Lisa Banter-DeBoer, NREMT-P, P/PI, CET Human trafficking has been around forever, but thankfully emergency responders are more equipped than ever to recognize the signs and intervene. Human trafficking has been around forever, but thankfully emergency responders are more equipped than ever to recognize the signs and intervene. Human trafficking has been... 09/26/2025 EMSWorld Conference Coverage What Is the Role of Artificial Intelligence in Podiatric Dermatology? 09/23/2025 David M. Schweibish, DPM, MBA AI is an evolving clinical partner, not a replacement. This speaker says DPMs who engage early, educate themselves, and lead in implementation will be best positioned to optimize care, protect the integrity of practice, and improve patient... AI is an evolving clinical partner, not a replacement. This speaker says DPMs who engage early, educate themselves, and lead in implementation will be best positioned to optimize care, protect the integrity of practice, and improve patient... AI is an evolving clinical... 09/23/2025 Podiatry Today More HMP Global Products Keyword Consultant360 Drug Channels Institute Neuroscience Education Institute Events HMP Event Calendar Keyword About Press Office Sign in Contact ©
          2025
          HMP Global. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use