HM Revenue &amp; Customs - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations HM Revenue & Customs HM Revenue & Customs English Cymraeg HMRC online - sign in or set up Manage your tax and money with the HMRC app Get started with Self Assessment Get help if HMRC contacts you about a compliance check What to do if you're due a tax refund or owe tax Your tax code - what it means and why it might change Check when you can expect a reply from HMRC How to claim Child Benefit Information for tax agents and advisers Ask HMRC online Featured 17 December 2025 — Press release 4,800 Self Assessment scams reported Customers warned they need to be alert to scams ahead of 31 January Self Assessment deadline. 10 February 2025 — Campaign Take the hassle out of your side hustle Helping you understand the tax rules for different side hustles. 16 May 2025 — Guidance Download the HMRC app How to download and access the HMRC app on a mobile device to get information about your tax, National Insurance and benefits. Campaign Don't Get Caught Out by bad tax advice We’re here to help you make the right decisions about your tax affairs, so you don’t get caught out by bad tax advice. Careers Civil Service careers - working for HMRC Find out a bit more about what it’s like working for HMRC. 30 July 2024 — Corporate report HMRC Charter This Charter explains what you can expect from us and what we expect from you. Latest from HM Revenue & Customs Self Assessment technical specifications (2026) for trust and estate returns 30 December 2025 Guidance Self Assessment technical specifications (2026) for partnership returns 30 December 2025 Guidance Self Assessment technical specifications (2026) for individual returns 30 December 2025 Guidance See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do HMRC is the UK’s tax, payments and customs authority, and we have a vital purpose: we collect the money that pays for the UK’s public services, and help families and individuals with targeted financial support. We do this by being impartial and increasingly effective and efficient in our administration. We help the honest majority to get their tax right and make it hard for the dishonest minority to cheat the system. HMRC is a non-ministerial department, supported by 2 agencies and public bodies . Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on @HMRCgovuk (opens in new tab) Follow on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Follow on YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on HMRC Customer Support (opens in new tab) Follow on HMRC Press Office (opens in new tab) Follow on Blog - Life at HMRC (opens in new tab) Follow on HMRC careers (opens in new tab) Documents Services HMRC online services: sign in or set up an account Sign in to your childcare account See all services Guidance and regulation Download the HMRC app 16 May 2025 Guidance Check when you can expect a reply from HMRC 25 June 2025 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Festive filers sleigh their Self Assessment returns 29 December 2025 Press release More people taking control of their tax as HMRC app use surges 22 December 2025 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics Quarterly Stamp Duty Land Tax Statistics (Discontinued) 19 December 2025 National Statistics HMRC tax receipts and National Insurance contributions for the UK 19 December 2025 National Statistics See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Tobacco Duty: rate changes 19 December 2025 Policy paper Revenue and Customs brief 9 (2025): VAT liability of the supply of temporary medical staff (locum doctors) 15 December 2025 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases HMRC's engagement forums 22 December 2025 Corporate report HMRC and VOA: workforce management information, November 2025 22 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our management John-Paul Marks CB First Permanent Secretary and Chief Executive Angela MacDonald Deputy Chief Executive and Second Permanent Secretary Myrtle Lloyd Director General Customer Services Penny Ciniewicz Director General Customer Compliance Jonathan Athow Director General Customer Strategy and Tax Design Daljit Rehal Chief Digital and Information Officer Justin Holliday Tax Assurance Commissioner, Chief Finance Officer Helen Pickles Chief People Officer Alan Evans General Counsel and Solicitor Carol Bristow Director General Borders and Trade Suzanne Newton Director General for Change Delivery Patricia F. Gallan QPM Non-Executive Director Andre Katz Non-Executive Director Charlotte Moar Non-Executive Director Heather Self Non-Executive Director Sachin Jogia Non-executive Director Sir Craig Mackey QPM Non-Executive Director Contact HMRC HMRC enquiries Contact: HMRC enquiries Find HMRC contact details and helpline opening hours. Check when you can expect a reply from HMRC Contact: Check when you can expect a reply from HMRC Find out when you can expect to receive a reply from HMRC to a query or request you've made. Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of Information requests HMRC FoI Act Team S17157th FloorCentral Mail Unit Newcastle Upon Tyne NE98 1ZZ United Kingdom Email foi.request@hmrc.gov.uk Corporate information Our organisation chart Accessible documents policy Equality and diversity Media enquiries Modern slavery statement Our governance Research at HMRC Statistics at HMRC Jobs and contracts Procurement at HMRC Working for HMRC Jobs Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Find out about our commitment to publishing in Welsh . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use . Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright