Talent Acquisition Solutions | Optimize Your Recruitment Process Help & Support Site Why Symphony Talent Solutions Services Learn About us Contact us JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. Why Symphony Talent Solutions Brand Services Recruitment campaigns Social and content marketing Employer branding Employer value proposition SFX AdTech & Media Analytics and insights Programmatic media advertising SFX Career sites Chatbot Internal career sites Analytics and insights SFX CRM Referrals Recruitment events Chatbot Analytics and insights SFX Assessments powered by SkillCheck Assessments plans & pricing Video interviewing Assessment catalog Career development Services Learn Resources Blog Help & Support About us Our values News Partners Leadership Careers Speak to an expert Home > Solutions Proven talent acquisition solutions Speak to an Expert Scroll down to explore Maximize talent acquisition performance and results with proven technology and award-winning creative services. Talent acquisition solutions Elevate performance and deliver the results that matter most to your organization. Our comprehensive approach addresses every stage of the talent funnel, from attracting candidates to hiring top talent and all the stages in between. Programmatic media advertising Meet more right-fit candidates where they are, in a precise and meaningful way. With smart automation, teams can target campaigns as broad or narrow as needed, and adjust spend based on performance. Programmatic media SFX Career sites Showcase your employer value proposition, spotlight open roles and connect with candidates through a Career Site built to inspire connection and application. Chatbot Internal career sites Analytics and insights SFX CRM Gain full visibility into your candidate pipeline and easily search for right-fit candidates using multiple variables. And, attain proactive candidate pipelining with smart automation and workflows. Referrals Events Chatbot Analytics and insights Assessments Powered by SkillCheck Power your candidate selection process with objective, data-driven assessments. Choose the best candidate for the job by assessing skills and competencies, as well as behavioral attributes and cognitive aptitudes. Video interviewing Analytics and insights Career development Maximize the talent potential within your company by evaluating existing skills and competencies and creating a path for career development and retention. Brand and creative services Enhance the candidate and employee experience with award-winning creative services that showcase your brand, entice right-fit candidates to apply, and excite employees to stay. Employer branding Manage your Employer Brand for impact and effectiveness. Together we clarify your differentiators to connect with the right talent. Employer value proposition Bring your EVP to life through powerful insights, creative, and validated messaging that connects with the talent you seek to attract and retain. Recruitment campaigns Leverage effective campaigns that flex across multiple channels, audiences, and touchpoints to drive impact and applications. Social and content marketing Candidates and employees are proactively engaging with companies across multiple channels. If organizations aren’t present, they’re not considered. We can help. Find out what Symphony Talent can do for you Book a demo to find out the platform capabilities Speak to an expert Outcomes Reach / Activation Connection / Engagement Understanding / Qualification Advocacy / Retention Solutions Product Suite AdTech Career sites CRM Assessments powered by SkillCheck Career development Brand services Employer value proposition Employer branding Social and content marketing Recruitment campaigns Services Client services and support Learn Resources Webinars Events Blog Help and support About Us Our values News Partners Leadership Careers Careers Legal Privacy policy European Economic Area privacy notice Follow us today! 2026 © All Rights Reserved, Symphony Talent, LLC Talent Acquisition Solutions and Creative Brand Services Brand Services Recruitment campaigns Social and content marketing Employer branding Employer value proposition SFX CRM Referrals Recruitment events Chatbot Analytics and insights SFX AdTech & Media Analytics and insights Programmatic media advertising SFX Assessments powered by SkillCheck Assessments plans & pricing Video interviewing Assessment catalog SFX Career sites Chatbot Internal career sites Analytics and insights Career development Learn Resources Blog Help and support Having trouble with your chatbot? Help candidates get questions answered about your company, open roles, and more through a friendly chatbot on your career website. Find out more About us Our values News Partners Leadership Careers Who we are Our core values are the foundational beliefs that define who we are. Find out more Search for: Search! Symphony Talent news Sign up below close angle-double-up magnifier menu chevron-down Explore the The Talent Acquisition Journey Through the Eyes of the Candidate Step into the candidate experience to discover what’s working (or not) in your recruitment process Download Now Uncover how mature your recruiting strategy really is with our TA Maturity Assessment Take the assessment