Home - Hofstra University Skip to main content Menu Admission Academics Campus Life About Research Admission Application Process First-Year Undergraduate Transfer Students Visiting Students Graduate Admissions International Admissions School of Law School of Medicine Financial Aid Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Colleges and Schools Academic Calendar Academic Support Continuing Education Distance Learning Library Campus Life Beyond the Classroom Athletics Bookstore Cultural Center Event Calendar Student Services Public Safety Visitors Guide About At a Glance Virtual Tour History Visitors Guide Faculty Administration Accreditations Experts Strategic Plan Research Office for Research and Sponsored Programs Centers and Institutes Undergraduate Research Horizons Visit Apply News Events Athletics Alumni MyHofstra Give Academic Offerings Directories MyHofstra Menu Admission Admission Application Process First-Year Undergraduate Transfer Students Visiting Students Graduate Admissions International Admissions School of Law School of Medicine Financial Aid Academics Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Colleges and Schools Academic Calendar Academic Support Continuing Education Distance Learning Library Campus Life Campus Life Beyond the Classroom Athletics Bookstore Cultural Center Event Calendar Student Services Public Safety Visitors Guide About About At a Glance Virtual Tour History Visitors Guide Faculty Administration Accreditations Experts Strategic Plan Research Research Office for Research and Sponsored Programs Centers and Institutes Undergraduate Research Horizons Visit Apply News Events Athletics Alumni MyHofstra Give NEW YEAR NEW CONNECTIONS NEW OPPORTUNITIES NEW GOALS A Look Back at 2025 Find Your Program Undergraduate Graduate See all search results Our Journeys Meet Here At Hofstra, we combine an innovative academic approach, comprehensive student support, and a focus on community engagement on a local scale and national stage. Whether you’re joining as a first-year student or looking to pursue a specialized degree, we give you the knowledge and experience to define your future, spark change, and ignite your momentum. This Is Your Next Leap Bridge academic exploration with experiential and interdisciplinary learning. Make the most of your time here with personalized attention and unique, career-oriented experiences that accelerate your journey. Challenge the norms. Discover new ways to solve problems, think critically, and become career ready. Explore Admission Amplify Your Ambitions 1 7 5 Undergraduate programs, including multidisciplinary and dual degrees 2 0 0 Graduate programs designed to fit into your life and advance your career 1 3 Schools, including business, engineering, medicine, law, and communication Discover and Apply Urban Energy, Suburban Space, Coastal Vibes NYC at Your Fingertips Enjoy the benefits of a close-knit campus community with space to think, grow, and thrive while taking advantage of the endless opportunities of New York City. Internships, culture, and career connections are all just a short train ride away! Experiential Learning The Best of Both Worlds Hofstra offers the perfect balance of peace and energy. With green spaces and a vibrant community, you’ll get easy access to the city with the space you need to focus, collaborate, and unwind. Visit the Campus Between the Ocean and the Bay Hofstra’s unique location puts you near some of the most beautiful coastal environments in the Northeast. Take a peaceful study break by the water or spend your weekends exploring the shorelines. Learn About Long Island Previous Next The Latest DISCOVER YOUR PATH WHAT’S NEXT SHARED PURPOSE Meet your future classmates and teachers; visit the state-of-the-art facilities; and tour the campus at the nexus of urban, suburban, and coastal environments. Schedule a Visit Apply Hempstead, N.Y. 11549-1000 (516) 463-6600 Campus Map Take a Virtual Tour X Facebook Instagram YouTube Flickr TikTok Hofstra University is an EO/AA/ADA educator and employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin, or religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability, marital or veteran status in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Hofstra University admits students of any race, color, national, and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally accorded or made available to its students. Request Info Apply Visit Give Admission Academics Campus Life Research About Alumni Employment Accessibility Emergency © Hofstra University. All Rights Reserved. Hofstra University Policies Privacy GDPR 2