Hogrefe Skip to main content Newsletter US website Contact My account Account dashboard Account information Address book My orders My eBooks My supplementary materials My lists My discounts Log Out Log In E-Mail address Password Log In Forgot password Sign Up Wishlist Cart article/s To Cart Search Products Books Psychology, Psychotherapy and Psychiatry Medicine Book series eBooks Tests HR / Occupational Ability / Achievement Clinical Tests - Children and Adolescents Clinical Tests - Adults Journals Psychology / Psychiatry Medicine Service For customers Order Information eProducts 3D Secure procedure For journal subscribers Hogrefe Book Updates For authors For book authors For test authors For journal authors Brief glossary of electronic publishing Data protection For booksellers For teachers and instructors For librarians Hogrefe eContent Hogrefe eLibrary Rights and permissions Reprints books/journals Reprinting or reproducing material from psychometric tests Reprinting or reproducing psychometric tests Foreign Rights For media partners Press releases Spotlight Company Hogrefe Publishing Group Our Vision History Business areas Locations Group Executive Board Sustainability Code of Conduct About us Careers My account Account dashboard Account information Address book My orders My eBooks My supplementary materials My lists My discounts Log Out My account E-Mail address Password Log In Forgot password Sign Up Cart Search Menu Products Service Spotlight Company Back Books Tests Journals Back For customers For authors For booksellers For teachers and instructors For librarians Rights and permissions For media partners Back Hogrefe Publishing Group About us Back Psychology, Psychotherapy and Psychiatry Medicine Book series eBooks Back HR / Occupational Ability / Achievement Clinical Tests - Children and Adolescents Clinical Tests - Adults Back Psychology / Psychiatry Medicine Back Order Information eProducts 3D Secure procedure For journal subscribers Hogrefe Book Updates Back For book authors For test authors For journal authors Brief glossary of electronic publishing Data protection Back Hogrefe eContent Hogrefe eLibrary Back Reprints books/journals Reprinting or reproducing material from psychometric tests Reprinting or reproducing psychometric tests Foreign Rights Back Press releases Back Our Vision History Business areas Locations Group Executive Board Sustainability Code of Conduct Back Careers Back Submitting a book proposal Permissions and copyright guidelines Back Usage guidelines for journal articles OpenMind Publication Ethics ScienceOpen - Research in Context Back FAQ Back Publishing Back Göttingen Berne Vienna Oxford Boston Paris Amsterdam Prague Florence Copenhagen Stockholm Helsinki São Paulo Madrid Lisbon Oslo Mexico City Monterrey Bogotá Search our Products, Authors, and Resources Search Stay Informed with the Latest from Hogrefe Journals Join our community of researchers and professionals and get up-to-date research, free content and more. Subscribe now Sustainability at Hogrefe The Hogrefe Group has made a commitment to sustainability by signing the SDG Publishers Compact to actively support & accelerate the achievement of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the UN by 2030. Learn more Hogrefe now market leader in Mexico With the acquisition of the Mexican publishing company Editorial Manual Moderno, the Hogrefe Publishing Group has now become the market leader in the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and psychodiagnostics in Mexico. Learn more How we can manage stress and overcome challenges How can you manage to avoid being constantly stressed and chasing tasks in everyday life? What helps you avoid running away from tasks or constantly dwelling on setbacks? We spoke with Matthijs Steeneveld about the psychological capital that each one of us has and can increase with a bit of training. Learn more Stay Informed With the Latest From Hogrefe Journals Join our community of researchers and professionals and get up-to-date research, free content and more. Subscribe now New Releases Diagnosing the Psychological Consequences of Trauma A Multiaxial Trauma-Dissociation Model According to ICD-11 by Jan Gysi Learn more Movies, Miniseries, and Multiculturalism Using Films and Television to Understand Culture and Social Justice by Lillian Comas-Díaz, Rehman Abdulrehman, Danny Wedding Learn more Social Anxiety Disorder by Karen Rowa, Martin M. Antony Learn more Clinical Handbook of Psychotropic Drugs edited by Ric M. Procyshyn, Katelyn Halpape, David D. Kim Learn more Panic Disorder and Agoraphobia by Simon A. Rego Learn more Suicide and Culture 2.0 Understanding the Context by Erminia Colucci, David Lester Learn more Narrative Exposure Therapy (NET) For Survivors of Traumatic Stress by Maggie Schauer, Frank Neuner, Thomas Elbert Learn more ICD-11 Personality Disorders A Clinician’s Guide by Bo Bach, Sebastian Simonsen Learn more News Hogrefe now market leader in Mexico With the acquisition of the Mexican publishing company Editorial Manual Moderno, the Hogrefe Publishing Group has now become the market leader in the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and psychodiagnostics in Mexico. Learn more How we can manage stress and overcome challenges How can you manage to avoid being constantly stressed and chasing tasks in everyday life? Interview with Matthijs Steeneveld about the psychological capital that each one of us has and can increase with a bit of training. Learn more Brian P. Daly, PhD Discusses His Books on ADHD In our "Ask the Author" Spotlight series,  we delve into the creative minds of our writers through insightful interviews, exploring their inspirations, challenges, and the impact they hope to have on readers. Learn more Forthcoming Books Integrated Primary Care by Barbara Cubic, Ruben Tinajero This book offers a concise, clinically focused overview of integrated primary care (IPC) in which theories and models of IPC are reviewed alongside evidence of its effectiveness. Learn more Optimizing CBT for PTSD by Lily A. Brown Learn how to leverage cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for your patients experiencing PTSD with this concise, evidence-based
volume. Full of step-by-step guides for implementing approaches that work. Includes handouts for clinical use. Learn more Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder in Adults by Jonathan S. Abramowitz, Ryan J. Jacoby Compact, evidence-based guidance by leading experts on the diagnosis and treatment of panic disorder and agoraphobia. Tables, boxed clinical pearls, and marginal notes assist orientation, while checklists and summary boxes provide tools for use in daily practice. Learn more Adolescent Dating Violence by Kelli S. Franco, Emily F. Rothman, Jeff R. Temple This compact and easy-to-read text by a leading expert shows practitioners and students how to recognize the impact of dating violence and to provide effective clinThis compact and easy-to-read text by leading experts shows practitioners and students how to recognize the impact of adolescent dating violence and to provide effective clinical interventions. Learn more Latest from our journals When morality and politics intersect — Why our perspective matters too Morality has many facets. It is not only the values themselves that are decisive, but also the perspective from which we view them. A new study shows how political divides could be better bridged. To the article Hogrefe Open Mind - Better visibility of OA publications Hogrefe is now a partner of OA Switchboard – the international platform that connects publishers, institutions, and funding organizations to make open access publishing processes more efficient and transparent. The connection to OA Switchboard simplifies and standardizes reporting on OA publications, improves information exchange, and increases the international visibility of our authors' research findings. Learn more Subscribe to the Hogrefe Journal Brief The Hogrefe Journal Brief aims to share some of the latest news, research and insights from Hogrefe Journals and our Editors. Each month we highlight Hogrefe’s Featured Open Science Article, a collection of free-to-read Editor Spotlight Articles, and Calls for Papers for forthcoming Special Issues from across the Hogrefe Publishing journal portfolio. Subscribe now Safe-Shopping Guarantee with SSL encryption Secure Payment by credit card Reliable Shipping Worldwide Personal contact Call our order desk +49 551 999 50 421 2400 Books 16 Locations 75 Years of experience 39 Journals Newsletter Our newsletter informs you about exclusive offers and product news. example@email.com Subscribe Customer service FAQs Service Change cookie settings About us Careers Contact Hogrefe Publishing GmbH Merkelstr. 3 37085 Göttingen Germany + 49 551 999 50 0 + 49 551 999 50 111 customerservice@hogrefe.com International websites Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright / Imprint © Hogrefe 2025 Close Hogrefe Europe (English) Brasil Česká republika Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Österreich Portugal Schweiz Suomi Sverige United Kingdom United States México Colombia Testzentrale Deutschland Schweiz (Deutsch) Suisse (Français) article/s To Cart Close