Hoiio - Communication-Platform-as-a-Service top of page Home Features Cloud PBX SIP Trunks MS Teams Phone Super SIM Contact Center Messaging E-Fax Partners About Login Singapore Malaysia US Australia Free Consultation Setting up communications has never been easier. Get the most modular cloud communications solution in Singapore. Customize your call flow and get it up and running it less than a week. Find out more now How We Work Meet Hoiio's all-in-one communication solution for enterprises Hoiio is the one-stop shop for all your communication needs. Only pay for what you need and scale as you go. Click on the products below to find out more. MS Teams Phone Contact Center Super SIM Integration SIP Trunk Integrated Modules. One consolidated portal. Cloud PBX And more! Manage users, communication settings and history Robust Integrate easily across all modules and external applications Minimal Effort Edit settings in real time and add on users as and when needed. Great Support Lazy to customize your own settings? Contact support directly after purchase. Book free consultation Why Choose Hoiio Meet our award winning Soft Phone Zentrex. Zentrex Features Supports all major devices Use Zentrex on Mobile, Desktop and IP Phones concurrently. Modular Integrate easily with our other popular modules like call center, call recording, auto-attendant, DNC checking and more! Highly Customizable Customize work timings, automated messages and more! Learn More MS Teams Phone MS Teams Phone available now. Make and receive calls on MS Teams desktop or mobile. Integrate with contact center, auto attendant modules and more to get your desired call flow Customize call flows in real time and manage MS Teams users easily Learn More Contact Center Easily create inbound and outbound call centers with advanced analytics and reporting. 99.9% SLA 3rd party integrations like CRM A.I Voice bots integration Omni-channel touchpoints like Whatsapp and more Learn More We cater to all businesses across industries - big or small. At Hoiio, we value efficiency. Look through our plans and directly purchase what you need from our web store instantly without hassle. Still Unsure? Schedule a free consultation with our sales reps today. Note: For existing customers, kindly contact your sales rep directly. Book a free consultation now Our Clients What our clients say about Hoiio "Hassle free for sales teams" Hoiio helped me to get started easily with implementing a cloud PBX solution with relevant integrations for the creation of a telemarketing team. Really responsive team that helped solved issues I had along the way. Highly recommend! Jamie, Blackhole Solutions Subscribe to our newsletter to get latest product updates and promotions now. Enter your email here Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Products Cloud PBX Contact Center Messaging E-Fax MS Teams Phone Super SIM SIP Trunk Legal Terms of Use About Us Privacy Policy Data Policy SLA We're are also on the lookout for talented, passionate folks to join our team. Link up with us below today! Contact Us © 2024 by Hoiio Services Pte Ltd bottom of page