Abroad for 30+ days? Discover our monthly plans to stay connected!
Destinations
eSIM Installation
FAQs
Plans New
Travel Club
Affiliates
For Business
Log in
EN - KRW (₩)
International eSIM card
Stay connected wherever you go

With Holafly’s eSIM, enjoy internet connection on every adventure and forget about expensive roaming bills upon your return.

Find your ideal plan

For how many days?

Search plan
4.6
/5

Based on 73,888+
customer reviews on TrustPilot

Excellent

Based on 73,888 reviews on

Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews
Unlimited data

Get unlimited data plans at multiple destinations.

No roaming charges

Travel and stay connected without roaming or surprise bills.

Keep your physical SIM

Keep your local SIM card to receive calls.

Easy installation

Purchase and setup your eSIM in minutes.

Where are you traveling next?

Choose your destination first, then a data plan according to your needs.

Countries
Regions
Plans New
eSIM
South Korea
eSIM
Japan
eSIM
China
eSIM
USA
eSIM
Vietnam
eSIM
Taiwan
eSIM
Thailand
eSIM
United Kingdom
eSIM
Brazil
View all destinations
Abroad for 30+ days?
Subscribe and save money overseas!

Our monthly and yearly plans get you connected anywhere in the world as long as you want. Get started for just $49.90/month—plan big, spend less, and travel with peace of mind.

 160 destinations
 Cancel anytime
Check plans
What is an eSIM?

An eSIM is a virtual or digital SIM card that allows you to connect to mobile networks without a physical SIM card. You can store multiple eSIMs, accessing different carriers, numbers, and data plans—ideal for travel or everyday use. Activate it on your phone to get online in minutes.

easy to use
easy to install
easy to enjoy
Enjoy unlimited data in 3 steps
01.

Find your destination and select the days for the data plan you need!

Check compatibility list

02.

Install your eSIM using the setup guide in your email.

03.

Turn on your eSIM at arrival and connect instantly.

Enjoy reliable and affordable internet in your trips. We got you covered.
Keep using your favorite Apps

Get that safe ride home, find that great restaurant, and pin the local attractions, all while staying connected with your loved ones.

Get Holacoins after buying

Earn HolaCoins when you buy an eSIM or refer a friend, and use them on future purchases!

Keep your WhatsApp number

You can call and message all your contacts on WhatsApp, like you’re in the same country. Don’t lose touch with family and friends.

24/7 Customer support

In need of assistance? Our 24/7 chat support is just a message away to keep you connected and help you with everything you need.

Money-back guarantee

Purchase your Holafly eSIM with peace of mind. If your plans change, you’ll have up to 6 months to request a refund. Learn more

Fast and reliable Internet connection

Connect to the best networks at your destination and get internet that is consistent and high-speed.

Secure payment
I want my eSIM
Change of plans? No problem at all!
Refund for Service Withdrawal

If there have been changes in your plans and you no longer need your Holafly eSIM, we will provide you with a full refund.

Refund for Incompatible or Locked Device

If you purchased the eSIM and it turned out to be incompatible with your device, we will provide you with a full refund.

Refund for Connection Issues

If your eSIM doesn't work due to an issue with Holafly or the network infrastructure of the destination country has problems and is unstable, we can offer you a full or partial refund.

Discover more about our Policy

Conditions may apply or not to get a refund, please check all of our refund policies or contact support

Holafly is the most recommended International eSIM: check yourself

"Don’t stress about your phone service when you travel abroad! I used Holafly to travel home to California this year. The instructions were super easy to follow and I had no problems with the service for the whole 20 days that I used it. It was nice not to worry about how much my phone company was going to charge me for service abroad".

Pedro Castillo

Verified buyer

"Excellent service and when I needed help, the help was there".

Magda Sutherland

Verified buyer

"A complicated request was solved urgently within 24 hours of traveling. They are wonderful and I recommend it to everyone. Thank you HolaFly team!"

Rawiya Bikhazi

Verified buyer

"I have used your Sim for my trip to the United States! I recommend it 100%. Thank you very much for your service".

Wilfried Grasberger

Verified buyer

4.6
/5

Based on 73,888+
customer reviews on TrustPilot

Excellent

Based on 73,888 reviews on

Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews

+10M

Travelers who
trust us worldwide

Pay safely
Travel the world responsibly with Holafly, and let’s say goodbye to plastic!

By using eSIMs, we can eliminate the environmental impact associated with physical SIM cards production, packaging, and distribution. Learn more

Zero plastic
Zero hassle
Zero transport
Buy an eSIM
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

Find helpful information to answer your questions

What is an eSIM?
Can I top up my eSIM?
What do I do if I delete or lose my eSIM’s QR code?
Do I have to activate data roaming on my device?
What is the speed that I will have with the Holafly eSIM?
Can I keep my WhatsApp number?
When will I receive my eSIM?
What smartphones have eSIM support?
Can I call and send SMS with my Holafly eSIM?
Is Holafly the best eSIM provider?
How can I get a refund?
Can I use my SIM card and Holafly eSIM at the same time?
How can I delete the Holafly eSIM once I’ve used my data?
How many times can I use my eSIM card?
How can I check how much data I have left?
When should I set up my eSIM?
How do I set up the eSIM on my device?
Can I share Data with other devices?
Download the App and manage your eSIMs easily.
About Holafly
About Us
Plans
Reviews
Contact us
Travel Club
Holafly Insights
Top destinations
eSIM South Korea
eSIM Japan
eSIM Europe
eSIM China
eSIM USA
eSIM Vietnam
All destinations
Legal
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Refund policy
Cookies Policy
Cookies setting
Website Terms of Use
For Business
Business Plans
Partners
Interest
Blog
eSIM compatible devices
How to install and activate your eSIM
What is an eSIM
FAQs
Data calculator
Made with
by people who love to travel.
Holafly 2025®