The Smart Management Software for SMEs | Holded ¿Quieres ver esta web en español? Navegar en tu idioma siempre es mejor. Cámbiate para disfrutar de una experiencia 100% adaptada. Cambiar a español Continue in English Start now and get a 50% discount for 3 months Contact Sales +34 930 34 01 71 Features Invoicing Create invoices in seconds and schedule them with a single click. Accounting Save time by automating up to 95% of your accounting. Treasury Connect your bank accounts safely and keep close track of your cashflow. Projects Simple and efficient tools to tackle even the most complex of projects. Inventory and manufacturing Monitor your inventory in real time and have full control over your stock. Team Organize and empower your team with the best HR tools. CRM Control at a glance the evolution of your leads - from beginning to end. Integrations Expand the horizons of your Holded account with integrations. ERP Everything you need to manage your business in one place. POS Connect your in-store sales to your cloud business, with Holded. Holded Wallet Integrated business account to manage payments and collections directly in Holded. Discover all the features Explore the power of Holded platform Small business Agencies PR, design, marketing, media, etc. Internet & Software SaaS and cloud-based services. Start-ups Fast-growing tech companies. Professional Services Lawyers, consultants, etc. Wholesale Buyers and wholesale distributors. Retail Stores, retail trade and shops. E-commerce Online stores. Construction Infrastructures, labor, materials, etc. Offices Architects, engineers, etc. Hospitality Restaurants, hotels, catering, etc Freelancers Accounting firms Solutions for accounting firms Exclusive perks for your firm. IA for advisors Digitize your customers' expenses with Holded's AI. Accounting firms directory Find a certified accounting firms for your company. Resources Get started Solution Partners Grow your business by becoming a Holded partner. Solution Partners Directory Companies that will help you implement Holded to adapt it to you. Invoice generator Free tool to create and send personalized invoices in seconds. Developers Explore our powerful and easy-to-use API. Learn Academy Easy-to-follow guides on how to use Holded. Guides Learn about invoicing and accounting with our expert team. Webinars Learn how to use Holded with the help of our experts. Verifactu Everything you need to know to implement it in your invoicing Discover Success stories Real stories about our clients and their businesses. Blog The latest news about invoicing, accounting, and entrepreneurship. Holded magazine Creative and inspiring stories about entrepreneurial people. Observatory Reports, infographics, and studies on business trends. Holded TV Videos of extraordinary entrepreneurial stories to inspire you. Featured stories VRANDED A unique creative agency, specialized in the textile and fashion industry with a long trajectory in the sector. Tresxics Children's products to decorate and warm up the homes of many families around the world. Pricing Log in Book a demo Sign up Sign up Invoicing and so much more . ‍ Invoicing and much more . ‍ Holded is the solution in the cloud that has everything you need to manage your business – anytime, anywhere. Start for free Sign up with Google Book a demo Excellent 2.200 reviews on Trustpilot Success stories Trusted by brands around the world Your business, one click away See how your business is performing at all times How about changing hours of work with a simple click? Holded simplifies your day-to-day, automating tasks and streamlining your accounting and invoicing. Holded takes the stress out from invoicing Look professional Choose from over 50 editable templates, and personalize the invoices and messages that your company sends. Create documents. Fast All contact, product, bank, and tax information is added automatically. All you have to do is verify, save, and submit. Learn more A companion in your accounting journey Your ledger more up to date than ever The process is automatic, but you will always have the last word, so you can keep track of what you have reviewed from what you have not. Up-to-date reports always at your fingertips From the moment you start working with Holded, it will collect your data and automatically create reports in real-time. More info Discover Holded in 2 minutes Replace manual processes with intuitive software Replace manual processes with intuitive software Take your business to the cloud Every aspect of your company connected in a single management platform. Team Empower and organize your team with the best HR tools. Inventory Much more than a list of products. Monitor your inventory in real time and control your sales cycles. Projects Plan each step, visualize the goal and calculate the profitability of your projects. CRM Manage opportunities with a personal touch thanks to a CRM that closes deals. "The entire company speaks the same language thanks to Holded." Ander Méndez CEO of Osito & Co. Your time is important Save hours of work by automating everyday tasks. Scan Automatically organize and classify, in one place, all the invoices and receipts you receive. Bank reconciliation Securely connect Holded with your bank to reconcile your invoices and transactions. Tax filing* Holded can fill in some tax forms (*only available for businesses based in Spain). Templates Choose from over 50 editable templates to customize the invoices, documents and emails that your company sends. Remittances Automate the creation of remittances with an XML file, which you can download and upload to the bank. Recurring invoices Program your recurring invoices whenever you want, so you don't have to send them manually over and over again. Talk Holded with your accountant At Holded we translate the complex and make it easy and intuitive. Use our software together with your consultancy and better understand the state of your business. More information There's even more And that's not all... Whatever your business may be, Holded has the tool you are looking for. Multiple currency support Create invoices in any currency by changing the currency in your settings. Tax calculation Choose which tax you want to add to your invoice, and Holded will do the math for you. Payrolls Manage payrolls with all the information you need: base salary, bonuses, personal income tax, etc. Quotes Prepare quotes and send them from Holded to be approved by your customer. Integrations Connect all your applications in two steps through the Holded Store. Receipts Speed up your transactions by creating receipts automatically. Proforma Customize them to specify the details about future invoices for your clients. Customer service Call or use FaceTime to contact your customer from Holded. Over 80.000 companies use Holded 40 h Of automated work per month +160 Process invoices 160 times faster 80% Get paid 80% faster than with manual processes Entrepreneurs trust Holded We trust Holded for all our needs We manage the entire business, from billing to projects and accounting. JRC WEB 19/11/2025 Agility, training, and upgrades In addition to the flexibility, it keeps you informed of new laws in the business. Juan 17/11/2025 Very complete Excellent customer service and follow-up during program implementation, EMI 12/11/2025 Great automation Even better support! Holded makes work much easier and is intuitive. Albert 01/09/2025 The best was bank reconciliation The best part was the bank reconciliation and how intuitive the software is. Lola 29/08/2025 A great help for freelancers It helps me control income, expenses, and generate invoices in a very intuitive way. David Morales 22/07/2025 Very good invoicing program We are delighted and it has allowed us to automate a lot. Jorge Suarez Barea 02/06/2025 Find out about deadlines and all the details about Verifactu Explore page (in spanish) How can we help? Save hours of work by automating everyday tasks. Type it out Ask any question on the live chat. It's fast and easy. Start a conversation Talk to Sales Contact Sales for details on Holded's options and benefits. Call +34 930 478 967 Attend a webinar Learn everything you need to know about Holded. Sign up for a webinar How can we help? Save hours of work by automating everyday tasks. Type it out Ask any question on the live chat. It's fast and easy. Start a conversation Talk to Sales Contact Sales for details on Holded's options and benefits. Call +34 930 478 967 Attend a webinar Learn everything you need to know about Holded. Sign up for a webinar Try Holded completely free for 14 days Start now News ‍ Reglamento Verifactu: qué es y que necesitas saber para cumplirlo. ‍ Con la llegada de 2025 comienza la cuenta atrás para la implantación obligatoria del sistema Verifactu. A partir del 29 de julio de 2025 entra en vigor Verifactu para los programas de facturación, que es un sistema de emisión de facturas verificables impulsado por la Agencia Tributaria. Busca que las facturas que emiten empresas y autónomos sean confiables y difíciles de manipular para así evitar el fraude fiscal. Descubre las claves del reglamento Verifactu en España y cómo cumplir con esta normativa de facturación. Aprende todo al respecto en este artículo. Ver más ¿Cuándo entra en vigor Verifactu y para quién es obligatorio? ‍ Hace tiempo que lo sabemos: la facturación va a cambiar por completo. Ya han ido quedando atrás las facturas en papel (por suerte), pero en breve también lo harán las que emitimos por correo electrónico en formato PDF. La revolución se llama Verifactu y, tanto si tienes un negocio como si trabajas por tu cuenta, necesitas leer este artículo. Descubre cuándo entra en vigor el sistema Verifactu en España y cómo prepararse para él. Ver más Verifactu para autónomos: Cómo implementarlo Sistemas informáticos de facturación, factura electrónica, Verifactu… De un tiempo a esta parte se emplean mucho estos términos, pero no todo el mundo sabe exactamente lo que significan o a qué se refiere cada uno de ellos. ¿Eres autónomo y no conoces Verifactu? Aquí te explicamos todo sobre este sistema y su influencia en los autónomos. Ver más Factura electrónica: ¿qué es, para qué sirve y cuándo implementarla? La factura electrónica se va asomando poco a poco por el horizonte. Cada vez está más cerca ese momento en el que jubilará a la factura tradicional y comenzará su reinado tributario. En palabras más sencillas: dentro de poco va a ser obligatorio que todas las empresas y los autónomos se pasen a la facturación electrónica. Descubre todo lo que necesitas saber sobre la factura electrónica: concepto, requisitos, beneficios y cómo implementarla. Ver más Verifactu y factura electrónica. Conoce sus diferencias. A raíz de la Ley Antifraude y la inminente obligatoriedad de la factura electrónica, muchos autónomos y empresas se preguntan qué papel juega Verifactu en este nuevo escenario. ¿Son lo mismo? ¿Funcionan por separado? ¿Cuál afecta a tu empresa? Aunque Verifactu y la factura electrónica comparten el objetivo de digitalizar la facturación y aumentar el control fiscal, existen varias diferencias que conviene conocer para poder cumplir con la normativa actual y evitar posibles sanciones. Ver más Las diferencias entre Verifactu y SII, ¿cuándo usar cada uno? Verifactu o SII: ¿cuál toca usar en tu caso? Te lo explicamos sin tecnicismos, con ejemplos prácticos para que elijas sin dolor de cabeza. Con la digitalización de la facturación en marcha y nuevas normativas como la Ley Antifraude, muchas empresas se enfrentan a una duda clave: ¿cómo se relacionan Verifactu y el SII y cuál debo usar? Aunque ambos sistemas tienen como objetivo mejorar el control fiscal, sus aplicaciones, funcionalidades y destinatarios son distintos. Ver más Ejemplo XML Verifactu: Estructura y cómo generarlo La implantación de Verifactu va a marcar un antes y un después en la facturación electrónica en España. Con este sistema, la Agencia Tributaria está buscando garantizar un mayor control sobre las facturas emitidas, lo que va a permitir la validación en tiempo real mientras se reduce el riesgo de errores o de fraudes fiscales. Aprende paso a paso cómo generar el archivo XML Verifactu sin errores y cumplir con los requisitos de la AEAT para tus facturas electrónicas. Ver más Apúntate al webinar: Verifactu en Holded paso a paso Los expertos de Holded, el software de facturación y más, explican de forma sencilla todas las claves del nuevo sistema Verifactu, sus ventajas y cómo te afectará ahora y en el futuro. Regístrate para ver el vídeo y resuelve todas tus dudas acerca de las actualizaciones más recientes, la legislación, los requisitos y qué papel fundamental jugarán los programas de facturación homologados como Holded para ayudarte. Apúntate aquí Quick access Get started Log in Pricing Features All the features Integrations Accounting Invoicing Inventory Team CRM ERP Resources Solutions for developers Directory of consultancies Solution Partners Academy Webinars Guides Blog About us Whistleblower channel Work with us Success stories Who we are Might also be useful Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Language English Español © 2025 Holded Technologies SL. All rights reserved. Visma Group Visma in Spain Visma Careers Quick access Get started Log in Pricing Features All the features Integrations Accounting Invoicing Inventory Team CRM ERP Resources Solutions for developers Directory of consultancies Solution Partners Academy Webinars Guides Blog About us Whistleblower channel Work with us Success stories Who we are Might also be useful Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Language English Español © 2025 Holded Technologies SL. All rights reserved. Visma Group Visma in Spain Visma Careers Check everything Holded can do for your business Book a demo