Holid helps publishers to take on new heights Skip to content Login register login HOME PLATFORM WHAT WE DO OUR PUBLISHERS SERVICES FAQ PARTNERS INSIGHTS Our Platform Holid is a publisher hub that has changed how website owners monetize their inventory. We help publishers take on new heights by aggregating the best adtech. Sign up Login How much can you earn? Use our calculator to see how much Holid can make you earn from your website: Visitors per month 500 000 Page views per visit 5 Ads per page 4 Traffic Value Low Medium High Revenue / month $50,086 Revenue / year $601,032 Estimated revenues are a guide and assume a reasonably competitive setup. What we do Holid works differently, we believe in the strength of niched technologies in the advertising industry which we aggregate to provide a full service solution to publishers. We have several key areas which we focus on in order to provide a great solution. Automatization Automatization reduces our need of administration. We focus on developing your revenue and our systems instead. Technical Scouting We constantly scout for new technologies in order to find new streams of revenue. Yield Optimization We achieve better results through dynamic pricing. Floor price is continuously optimized to achieve the highest possible RPM . Data Analysis Smart Data Management gives us knowledge about your users and their intents. Finance We work to provide the easiest finance solutions for you as a publisher. From self billing which remove unnecessary invoicing to partners that can help you with stable cashflow. Support We offer multiple support options and quick response times on chat, email or phone. We’re available when you need us. Sign up Login Some words from our publishers We make sure to unite the sales platforms and analytical tools that are needed to increase revenue and long-term relations with advertisers. You as a publisher have the knowledge of your visitors, and we make the most out of the potential that this creates. We are your partner that allows you to give life to your amazing products without having to worry about the development of revenue streams. Feel free to reach out if you would like to talk directly with our publishers. MOBILANYHETER.NET Technology & Internet DAGENSVIMMERBY.SE News PRINTABLES.SE Family SERVICES Headerbidding We offer header bidding solutions which allows several SSPs to compete for your adunits in the same request with minimized loading time. Display With local and global knowledge of the most relevant display formats we offer programmatic display served through header bidding or script based. Native We have several native platforms which provides quality advertorials as stand alone or in combination with your organic content. Video We offer in stream and out stream video formats. Reporting in one system Our UI gives you daily statistics from all SSPs and platforms gathered in one report. Local sales We broker private deals with media agencies and direct campaigns with advertisers. + PUBLISHERS + MILLION IMPRESSIONS + COUNTRIES TECHNOLOGIES Some of our Partners & Technologies Holid.IO HOLID AB Olof Palmes Gatan 29, 111 22 Stockholm Contact +46 (0)20-89 92 92 [email protected] Important Links Header Bidding Website Monetization Platform RPM in Advertising Earnings with SSP Ads AdTech Company Supply Side Platforms Make Money from your Website Earn Money from Ads on a Website Ads Revenue Calculator