Hollywood Life – Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News Skip to content Primary Navigation Menu Hollywood Life Home News All News Celebrity News World News Exclusives Politics Celebrity Babies Celebrity Weddings Pics Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Music Sports Sex & Relationships Award Shows Holidays Beauty All Beauty Fragrance Hair Care Health Makeup Nails Skin Care Makeovers Fashion All Fashion Red Carpet Shopping Diet & Fitness Award Shows Makeovers Celebrity Weddings Shopping All Shopping Gift Guide Shop The Look DNA Complete – Best DNA Test Reviews Search Hollywood Life Search Trending Navigation Trending TV Exclusives Celebrity Babies Latest Photos Search for: Search Close News Expand Menu Celebrity News World News Exclusives Politics Celebrity Babies Celebrity Weddings Pics Entertainment Expand Menu TV Movies Music Sports Sex & Relationships Award Shows Holidays Beauty Expand Menu Fragrance Hair Care Health Makeup Nails Skincare Makeover Fashion Expand Menu Red Carpet Shopping Diet & Fitness Award Shows Makeovers Celebrity Weddings Shopping Expand Menu Reviews Gift Guides Shop The Look DNA Complete - Best DNA Test Trending Expand Menu TV Exclusives Celebrity Babies Latest Photos Celebrity Bios Expand Menu Taylor Swift Rihanna Selena Gomez Kim Kardashian Kylie Jenner Kendall Jenner Justin Bieber Miley Cyrus Gigi Hadid Khloe Kardashian Jennifer Lopez Angelina Jolie Harry Styles Kourtney Kardashian ALL CELEBRITY BIOS Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Alerts & Newsletters Newsletters Join Our Newsletter © 2025 Hollywood Life Media, LLC. Isiah Whitlock Jr. Dies: ‘The Wire’ Alum Dead at 71 News New Year’s Eve Movies to Watch Gallery Stefon Diggs’ Assault Charges Explained News ‘Stranger Things’ Finale Runtime & More Details TV News Latest News 37 minutes ago TV News How Long Is the ‘Stranger Things’ Finale? See Runtime The ‘Stranger Things’ ending is, unfortunately, here. Find out how long the finale runs and more about its New Year’s Eve release. Click to Read More 12 hours ago News Isiah Whitlock Jr. Cause of Death Updates: How Did ‘The Wire’ Star Die? Whitlock Jr. was 71 when he died. Here is what we know so far about the late actor’s death. Click to Read More 12 minutes ago Gallery David & Victoria Beckham’s Family: Photos of Couple With Their Sons & Daughter The Beckhams’ middle son is 19! Celebrate Cruz’s birthday with a look at the famous family’s best photos. Click to See 16 hours ago CLICK FOR MORE PICS Find Out Caroline Kennedy’s Kids & Grandkids: Meet Her 3 Children & Grandchildren Former President John F. Kennedy left an indelible legacy, and he’s lived on by daughter Caroline and her three children, Rose, Tatiana, and Jack, plus a grandchild from Tatiana! Learn about them here. Click to Read More 18 hours ago CLICK FOR MORE PICS News Stefon Diggs Charges: What We Know So Far About Strangulation & Assault Allegations Diggs has been charged with felony strangulation or suffocation and misdemeanor assault and battery. Here’s what we know about the allegations so far. Click to Read More 18 hours ago Gallery John F. Kennedy’s Grandchildren: See Photos of Rose, Tatiana & Jack Schlossberg See photos of John F. Kennedy and Jackie Kennedy Onassis’ three grandchildren: Rose, Tatiana, and Jack Schlossberg. Click to See 18 hours ago 5 Things Who Was Tatiana Schlossberg? 5 Things About Caroline Kennedy’s Daughter Learn more about Tatiana Schlossberg, who died at the age of 35 weeks after disclosing her terminal leukemia diagnosis in a powerful personal essay. Click to Read More 18 hours ago Find Out Tatiana Schlossberg’s Illness: What Terminal Cancer Did She Have? Tatiana published an essay in ‘The New Yorker’ revealing that she had one year to live. Here is what we know about the rare illness she lived with. Click to Read More 18 hours ago Find Out When Is the ‘Stranger Things’ Season 5 Finale Release Date? See Streaming Time The end of ‘Stranger Things’ is almost here. See the Season 5 finale release date, streaming time and viewing details. Click to Read More 19 hours ago CLICK FOR MORE PICS Find Out Stefon Diggs’ Net Worth: How Much Money He Has Now The NFL wide receiver has steadily risen in his financial standing over the years of his career, boosted by major contracts. Find out how much money the athlete makes here. Click to Read More 20 hours ago Find Out How Many Kids Does Stefon Diggs Have? Meet His Children With Exes & Cardi B Stefon is familiar with parenting, so he was prepared to welcome a baby with his girlfriend, Cardi B! Learn about the NFL player’s family here. Click to Read More 22 hours ago Movie News ‘Wicked: For Good’: Streaming Release Date, Cast & More About the Movie ‘Wicked: Part One’ defied gravity when it was released in November 2024. Keep reading to find out all the details about ‘Wicked: For Good.’ Click to Read More 22 hours ago See Pic Best Celebrity New Year’s Eve Performances: Jennifer Lopez & More In Times Square Performing during Times Square’s iconic New Year’s Eve ball-drop is a dream and through the years, the event has been host to many memorable moments. Click to See 23 hours ago Movie News When Will the Official ‘Avengers: Doomsday’ Trailer Be Released? Watch Here Marvel fans were anxiously awaiting the official release of the ‘Avengers: Doomsday’ trailer as rumors spread online. Click to Read More 24 hours ago TV News Quinn ‘Ember & Ice’ Starring Hudson Williams & Connor Storrie: Release Date, How to Listen & More We’re not seeing Ilya and Shane soon, but we are getting a reunion between Hudson and Connor in a new enemies-to-lovers story! Here’s how you can tune into their new audio series ‘Ember & Ice.’ Click to Read More 24 hours ago Gallery New Year’s Eve Movies: What to Watch Before the Countdown to Midnight What better way to ring in the new year than to kick back and watch movies? Check out which films are the best to watch, here! Click to See December 30, 2025 TV News TV Shows Canceled in 2025: Which Television Series Were Taken Off the Air? Several networks, including CBS and NBCU, have announced major cancellations in 2025. Find out which fan-favorite TV shows have officially been taken off the air. Click to Read More December 30, 2025 Find Out Denny Hamlin’s Parents: About His Father Dennis & Mother Mary Lou The NASCAR driver is grieving the loss of his father, Dennis Hamlin, after he was killed in a house fire. Click to Read More December 29, 2025 Gallery Rebecca Gayheart & Eric Dane Through the Years: Pictures of the Couple Eric and Rebecca have weathered storms together throughout their relationship. See their sweetest photos together here. Click to See December 29, 2025 Gallery Eric Dane & Rebecca Gayheart’s Kids: See Photos of the Actor With His Family Eric Dane shares two daughters, Billie and Georgia, with his wife Rebecca Gayheart. See photos of their family together here! Click to See 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next I DO! Celebs Who Got Married in 2025 Celebrity Weddings 2025: See Which Stars Got Married This Year (Getty Images) click for more pics IN MEMORIAM Stars Who Died in 2025 Celebrity Deaths of 2025: Stars Who Died This Year (Variety via Getty Images) click for more pics Most Popular NOW on Hollywood Life Isiah Whitlock Jr. Cause of Death Updates: How Did ‘The Wire’ Star Die? Quinn ‘Ember & Ice’ Starring Hudson Williams & Connor Storrie: Release Date, How to Listen & More Where Is Brigitte Bardot’s Son Nicolas-Jacques Charrier Now? His Life Today Brigitte Bardot’s Son Nicolas-Jacques Charrier: All About Her Only Child & Their Estranged Relationship Caroline Kennedy’s Kids & Grandkids: Meet Her 3 Children & Grandchildren Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube About Us About Us Mission Writer Bios Advertise With Us Scoops & Corrections Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights AdChoices Terms of Use Data Policy Fulfillment Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information News Celebrity News Exclusives World News Politics Celebrity Babies Shopping Reviews Connect Instagram Facebook Twitter YouTube TikTok © Copyright 2025 Hollywood Life Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Privacy Manager Do not sell or share my personal information Privacy Settings Privacy Manager Do not sell or share my personal information Privacy Settings