College of the Holy Cross Skip Main Navigation College of the Holy Cross We Are Holy Cross main Apply Make a Gift Visit Menu With Courage and Purpose Follow your passions. Find your path. Build a lifelong community. Answer our common call: to live as people for and with others. Our Community Every day at Holy Cross offers a chance to learn something meaningful. Here, you will be challenged to uncover what you believe and how you wish to live. Through revelations, large and small, you will grow — intellectually, socially and spiritually — to achieve your full potential. Explore Our Community The academic experience at Holy Cross equips students to become skilled, discerning leaders who are prepared to thrive in any profession. Students bring classroom lessons to life through internships, volunteering and community-based learning. Student-athletes from our 27 Division I teams bleed purple each time they suit up — delighting fans at home and on the national stage. The academic experience at Holy Cross equips students to become skilled, discerning leaders who are prepared to thrive in any profession. Students bring classroom lessons to life through internships, volunteering and community-based learning. Student-athletes from our 27 Division I teams bleed purple each time they suit up — delighting fans at home and on the national stage. Our Community Every day at Holy Cross offers a chance to learn something meaningful. Here, you will be challenged to uncover what you believe and how you wish to live. Through revelations, large and small, you will grow — intellectually, socially and spiritually — to achieve your full potential. Explore Our Community Our Community Every day at Holy Cross offers a chance to learn something meaningful. Here, you will be challenged to uncover what you believe and how you wish to live. Through revelations, large and small, you will grow — intellectually, socially and spiritually — to achieve your full potential. Explore Our Community Arts The arts are indispensable to a Jesuit, liberal arts education. Through hands-on experience, interdisciplinary collaboration and engagement with world-class artists, students are given the opportunity to explore themselves and the world around them. Explore Arts More than an education Your Journey Starts Here As the nation’s only exclusively undergraduate, Jesuit, liberal arts college, Holy Cross invites students to ask the most challenging intellectual, philosophical and religious questions. First Year Select a Journey First Year Choosing a Plan of Study Experiential Learning Graduation & Beyond First Year Choosing a Plan of Study Experiential Learning Graduation & Beyond Montserrat Before declaring a major, first-year students live and learn in clusters, where intellectual connections form across disciplines and dynamic courses of study spark creativity, community and unexpected academic journeys. Learn More About Montserrat Campus Living As a residential college where nearly 90% of students live on campus, our community shares a beautiful, vibrant campus where all are welcome. Explore Housing Dining Options Our dining halls are consistently recognized for the quality of our food and service, including being named one of the “7 Healthiest College Dining Halls in the Country” by Bon Appétit Magazine. Dining Options Academic Programs Whether you know what you want to study or you’re still searching for your calling, Holy Cross’ academic programs offer you the opportunity to study across disciplines with expert faculty who serve as dedicated mentors and teachers. Browse Programs Support & Resources As a small undergraduate-only institution, we have the capacity and commitment to give every student the personal attention needed to excel. From academic advising and tutoring to career coaching and more, you will be supported from day one. Browse Support & Resources Get Involved With a spectrum of more than 100 clubs and organizations, there are unlimited ways to develop personally and professionally. Student Clubs & Organizations Community-Based Learning Participate in classes and projects where you learn alongside the community and make an impact in Worcester. Make a Difference Study Abroad Study abroad through one of more than 50 short-term or long-term programs and enjoy a life-changing experience. Explore the World Internships Students receive career mentoring and support, as well a number of opportunities to acquire invaluable career-related experience through internships. See Internship Options Outcomes In almost any industry you can think of, our alumni serve as leaders, tackling complex challenges and pursuing meaningful work with skill and alacrity. Our Impact Alumni Benefits & Services Our commitment to our alumni takes many forms — from career and professional development services to events, weddings and more. Explore Alumni Benefits Graduate Opportunities Holy Cross has five partnerships that allow students an easy transition to their graduate studies. Graduate Opportunities at Holy Cross Unique Experiences, Unique Classrooms Holy Cross offers a Jesuit liberal arts education, but some courses and experiential learning opportunities offer much more than you might expect. Stories People Related Programs Unique Experiences, Unique Classrooms Stories Two States, Three Students, 40 Feet Underwater: Inside "Egg Day" Read More Programs Biology Environmental Studies People Justin McAlister Holy Cross Gave 10 Students a $10,000 Budget and One Mission: Buy Art Read More Programs Art History Dungeons, Dragons & Diversity Read More Programs Critical Race and Ethnic Studies People Jorge Santos People "The thing about experiential learning that I particularly love and find exciting is that they learn not only by hearing what I'm saying, but they experience it with respect to the temperature, they can feel the wind blowing on them, they can see the water. They are actually here to see it in person and experience what it's like. It's a very powerful mode of instruction." Justin McAlister, Professor, Environmental Studies, Biology, Geosciences “The art world scene can be somewhat intimidating. We don’t want students to feel that they are outsiders in this world.” Melissa Trafton, Visiting Assistant Professor, Visual Arts and Art History “The culminating project of the course is for students to pretend and embody for a whole afternoon that they are a member of another culture in a fantasy setting — and to do it responsibly. Instead of absorbing the story, they're telling it and writing it. There is a way to do this that's celebratory and enlightening, and is more than just a terrible Halloween costume.” Jorge Santos, Montserrat Cluster Director (Contemporary Challenges), Associate Professor of Multi-Ethnic Literatures of the U.S. Related Programs Biology Environmental Studies Art History Critical Race and Ethnic Studies Montserrat: First-Year Experience Montserrat seminars are grouped into six thematic clusters (Contemporary Challenges, Core Human Questions, Divine, Global Society, Natural World and Self). Each cluster examines a theme represented by the varied topics examined by faculty members teaching in the cluster. Montserrat: First-Year Experience Get to Know The Hill A virtual campus tour can help you get a lay of the land at Holy Cross. Take the Tour Our Alumni Community Whether you graduated five or 55 years ago, you’re a part of the Holy Cross community for life. Connect with classmates and fellow grads, stay involved and find ways to live and support the mission. Alumni Events & News Networks & Clubs Benefits & Services Forever grateful for my time on The Hill. The growth I experienced there is a result of the people who supported me in the classroom, on the playing field, around campus and in the greater Worcester area. Declan Cronin '19 Request More Information Learn more about the admission process, life and learning at the College of the Holy Cross. Loading... College of the Holy Cross Social Facebook X / Twitter https://instagram.com/collegeoftheholycross https://www.youtube.com/user/collegeofholycross https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-the-holy-cross/ TikTok College of the Holy Cross 1 College Street Worcester, MA 01610 Phone: 508-793-2011 Footer About Academics Apply Arts Athletics Career Opportunities Events Faculty Directory Holy Cross Magazine Make a Gift Media Relations Policies Request Information Visit Social Facebook X / Twitter https://instagram.com/collegeoftheholycross https://www.youtube.com/user/collegeofholycross https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-the-holy-cross/ TikTok The College of the Holy Cross does not discriminate unlawfully in admission to, access to, treatment in or employment in its programs and activities on the basis of a person's race, religion, color, national origin, age, marital or parental status, veteran status, sex, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected status, including in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Individuals who feel that they have been discriminated against based upon any of these categories may contact the Director of the Office of Title IX and Equal Opportunity. Read the College's full Nondiscrimination Statement and Legal Policies © 2025 College of the Holy Cross. All rights Reserved. Site Menu We Are Holy Cross Secondary Menu Make a Gift Apply Visit Athletics Events Get in Touch Main Menu Academics Community Impact Admissions & Aid Secondary Menu Make a Gift Apply Visit Athletics Events Get in Touch Info For Info For Menu Alumni Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Close