Holy King James Version Bible Home Bible Quiz Plan LifeStyle AIPriest Topic Character Story Prayer PsyTests App Add to HomeScreen Add the Holy KJV Bible to your home screen and stay connected to God's Word every day. Add Now Keep connection with God! Don't miss any chance to connect with God and pray more conveniently You can turn it off at any time in settings Dismiss Allow Recommend Plan:  Anxiety and hardships can make us stronger Bible Verses by Topic:  Humility Bible Character:  Virgin Mary Bible Stories:  Learn About the Old Testament Quiz The first book of the Bible is called what? A Leviticus B Matthew C Genesis D Revelation Old Testament Genesis Exodus Psalms Isaiah Proverbs Jeremiah Deuteronomy Joshua Judges Ezekiel Daniel Leviticus 1 Samuel 2 Samuel Numbers Read More New Testament Matthew John Luke Acts Romans 1 Corinthians 2 Corinthians Revelation Galatians Ephesians Philippians Colossians 1 Thessalonians 2 Thessalonians Hebrews Read More Plan More God wants to protect and bless your family 0% Humility is the ability to live without pride or arrogance 0% Enjoy it. Because it’s happening 0% Bible Verses by Topic More Death Healing Humility Bible Character More Virgin Mary Moses David Solomon Paul Rebekah Bible Stories More Know Jesus Jesus' Life and Ministry General Introduction to the Bible Authors of the Bible Learn About the Old Testament Why the Old Testament Was Included in the Canon? Biblical Teachings What the Bible Teaches About Humility Ten Disasters in the Bible Water Turned into Blood Good Friday Christians and Good Friday Verse of the Day Popular Bible Verses John 3:16 Matthew 7:7 Proverbs 3:5 Romans 8:28 Jeremiah 29:11 Proverbs 16:9 Matthew 28:19 John 14:6 Hebrews 11:1 Matthew 11:28 Isaiah 41:10 Psalms 23:1 Matthew 5:9 Joshua 1:9 Proverbs 1:7 Christian The First Step to Becoming a Christian 1 Wondering how Christians pray? 2 Ready to start exploring prayers in the Bible? 3 Please open the door of hope and explore with us! Go to explore Welcome to Holy KJV Bible - Your Ultimate Resource for King James Version Bible Study At Holy KJV Bible, we offer an in-depth exploration of the King James Version Bible (KJV Bible) ,
                providing users with a rich array of resources for Bible study and spiritual growth.
                Whether you're looking to read the Holy Bible online , explore Bible verses by topic , or engage in a Bible quiz ,
                we have something for everyone. Our platform features a free Bible app download for easy access to Scripture on the go, and offers Bible study plans to help you
                deepn your relationship with God. You can explore Bible stories , study the lives of key Biblical characters ,
                and find powerful inspiration through morning and evening prayers . We also offer unique tools like Psychology Tests (PsyTests) , designed to help you understand how Scripture relates to your lifestyle and well-being. With AIPriest technology, you can receive personalized Bible guidance tailored to your spiritual journey. Quiz The first book of the Bible is called what? A Leviticus B Matthew C Genesis D Revelation My Plan Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 More Popular Articles Biblical Teachings What the Bible Teaches About Humility PsyTests More Free Mobile Bible Download and read the Bible anytime, anywhere. Language English Español Português 日本語 Bible Study Tools Bible Reading Plan Quiz Verse of the Day Bible Stories PsyTests Christian First Step About Discover a New App Privacy Policy About and Contact Us