2025.12.4
 
Getting started
Documentation 
Our hardware 
Integrations
Blog
Need help?
Awaken

your home

Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first. Powered by a worldwide community of tinkerers and DIY enthusiasts.

GET STARTED 
View live demos Browse 3300+ integrations

Top open source project by contributors in 2025

 Release Notes
2025.12: Triggering the holidays 🎄
December 3, 2025
2025.11: Pick, automate, and a slice of pie 🥧
November 5, 2025
 Recent Blog Posts
Music Assistant 2.7 - Taking over the airwaves
December 17, 2025
More devices, more choice: celebrating a massive year for certification
December 9, 2025
The best gets better - Home Assistant Connect ZBT-2
November 19, 2025
ELTAKO joins Works with Home Assistant
October 29, 2025

We are a non-profit and can't be sold or acquired.

Home Assistant is a project by the Open Home Foundation.

Read our founder's vision for the perfect home automation

 Alexa, turn on the lights
Use Alexa to control Home Assistant.
LEARN MORE
 Ok Google, turn off the AC
Use Google Assistant to control Home Assistant.
LEARN MORE
 Join The Community
Our vibrant community is very active and super friendly. We love to talk and share our passion for home automation.
 FORUMS  CHAT  NEWSLETTER
 
Home Assistant Connect ZBT-2
The easiest way to start with Zigbee or Thread is now even better.
Home Assistant Connect ZWA-2
The ultimate way to connect Z-Wave devices to Home Assistant.
Home Assistant Voice Preview Edition
Bring choice to voice - the best way to get started with voice
Home Assistant Green
The easy-to-use, versatile, and trustworthy smart home hub for everyone.
Home Assistant Yellow
Home Assistant Yellow is your Matter-ready, upgradeable, and extendable smart home hub. You won't need anything else.
Home Assistant Connect ZBT-1
Best way to add Zigbee and Thread to Home Assistant
 
State of the Open Home 2025
Learn about our progress so far and also the roadmap for this year.
Control your home with Assist
Our private, insanely fast, voice assistant running on affordable hardware. Now supporting wake words.
Home Energy Management
Monitor your energy usage, transition to sustainable energy and save money
Features
Works with over 1000 brands

Home Assistant integrates with over a thousand different devices and services.

Once started, Home Assistant will automatically scan your network for known devices and allow you to easily set them up.

EXPLORE INTEGRATIONS
Powerful automations

Once you have integrated all your devices at home, you can unleash Home Assistant’s advanced automation engine to make your home work for you.

Turn on the light when the sun sets or when coming home
Alert you when you leave your garage door open.
EXPLORE AUTOMATIONS
Versatile dashboards

Home Assistant dashboards allow you to display information about your smart home. Dashboards are customizable and provide a powerful way to manage your home from your mobile or desktop.

Easily create and customize your dashboards with drag-and-drop.
Different card types to visualize your data and control your smart home devices.
EXPLORE DASHBOARDS
Assist, our voice assistant

Assist allows you to control Home Assistant using natural language. It is built on top of an open voice foundation and powered by knowledge provided by our community.

Customize your voice assistant and experiment with AI conversations.
Use Assist everywhere on your mobile phone, tablets, smartwatches, and even old-school telephones.
EXPLORE ASSIST
Extend your system with add-ons

Home Assistant is not just limited to Home Assistant. Easily install other applications that will help you manage your home.

Run AdGuard, a DNS-based ad blocker
Run third party automation engines like NodeRed
Turn Home Assistant into a Spotify Connect target
EXPLORE ADD-ONS
All your smart home data stays local

Home Assistant keeps your data local, no need for a cloud.

Home Assistant communicates with your devices locally, and will fallback to pulling in data from the cloud if there is no other option. No data is stored in the cloud, and everything is processed locally.

Companion Mobile Apps

Use the official Home Assistant apps, a convenient companion to quickly control your devices and be notified when things happen in your home, even on your wrist using the Apple Watch.

The apps can also be used to send your location home to use presence detection as part of your automations. Data is sent directly to your home, no access by third-parties.

DOWNLOAD APPS
Home Energy Management

Home Assistant allows you to get on top of your energy use with its home energy management feature. Gain new insights, optimize your solar panel production, plan energy usage and save money.

LEARN MORE
Home Assistant Cast

Take over all the screens. Home Assistant Cast makes every TV a display for dashboards.

LEARN MORE
NFC Tags

Use NFC to bring music to your life or automate the mundane.

LEARN MORE
In the press

Trusted by home automation experts and more than a million households.

The Home Assistant project is sponsored by

Home Assistant is a project from the Open Home Foundation, sponsored by Nabu Casa.

 
JOIN US AND CONTRIBUTE!
GitHub repo 
Developers Portal 
Design Portal 
Data Science Portal 
Community Forum 
Creator Network 
Works With Home Assistant 
Our community
Reporting issues
SYSTEM STATUS
Integration Alerts 
Security Alerts
System Status 
 
COMPANION APPS
iOS and Apple devices
Android and Wear OS
...and more!
GOVERNANCE
Privacy Notices
Contributor License Agreement
Terms of Service
Code of Conduct
Credits
License
 
FOLLOW US

Sign up for our newsletter 

  
  
  

For partnership inquiries please check out Works With Home Assistant. For media, get in touch here. For other questions, you can contact us here (No technical support!)

Website powered by Jekyll
Originally based on the Oscailte theme