Connect your household | Home Connect Cookie-Settings [global.cookielawextended.txt.headline] If you click on "Accept", you allow us to record your usage behavior on this website. This allows us to improve our website and personalize advertising for you. If you click on "decline", we will only use session cookies to improve user-friendliness and measure statistical reach. [global.cookielawextended.txt.firstparagraph] [global.cookielawextended.txt.secondparagraph] View cookie information Data Protection Information Accept Decline [global.cookielawextended.btn.save] [global.cookielawextended.btn.cancel] [global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.performance] [global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.targeting] [global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.thirdparty] Show more [global.cookielaw.txt.headline.performance] [global.cookielaw.txt.description.performance] [global.cookielaw.txt.headline.targeting] [global.cookielaw.txt.description.targeting] [global.cookielaw.txt.headline.thirdparty] [global.cookielaw.txt.description.thirdparty] Skip to content You are using an outdated browser with security vulnerabilities or a browser for which we cannot guarantee the use of all functions of this website. we recommend that you bring your browser up to date. Thank you for your Understanding. Select your local website Home Connect App Close Search Home Overview Home Discover Smart Home Appliances Appliances overview Oven Fridges & Freezers Coffee Machine Cookit Cooker Hood Hob Dishwasher Washer Dryers Close Works with See all Home Connect Partners Smart Home Voice Assistants Food & Recipes Connected Devices & Services Energy Management Matter Become a Partner Shopping & Ordering Close Help & Support See Help & Support overview FAQ Connection guide Benefit finder Error Codes Partner Services Matter Contact & Service SingleKey ID Close Search Home Connect – Connect your household Control your home appliances with Home Connect How does it work? How to Connect? Already a Home Connect user? Previous Next Scroll down You are on the global website . Here you find inspiring stories and all home appliances, partners and services that Home Connect provides. To find out which one of them are available in your location, please follow the link below: Home Connect in your location How does it work? Intelligently connected to your household Control your smart kitchen and home appliances in a simple and convenient way with the Home Connect app. Start, stop, select programmes, or set timers Get push messages when your programme has finished Automate everyday tasks and routines Show more About the App Did I switch off the oven? Instead of heading back home to check, simply take a look at the app. You will see the status of your appliances straight away with immediate access to important functionalities, whether at home or on the go. Show more Download (Android) Download (iOS) Previous Next Appliances with Home Connect Find out which home appliances you can control with Home Connect. Go to the Home Connect appliances Connect your household Connect your home appliance Simply connect and get started: in just a few steps, connection guide helps you to find the right QR code for your home appliance so that you can start the connection process. Connection Guide Home Connect partners You can connect Home Connect to a range of digital services and systems. Discover all of our partners here, and get inspiration on how to make your home smarter. Go to partners Discover Home Connect News from the world of smart appliances, useful tips for household management and lots of inspiration to make your life easier every day – it’s just a small sample of what the app has to offer. Discover Home Connect app With a single app, you can control all of your home appliances, even if you're out and about. Test the demo appliances in the app now. More about the app App Download The entire Home Connect world for your smartphone and tablet. Apple App Store (iOS) Google Play Store (Android) FAQ You will find the answers to frequently asked questions here. Home Connect FAQ Service Get in touch. We're here for you. Go to Contact Become a partner Establish good connections with Home Connect. Find out more now Home Connect Overview Home Discover Home Connect Smart Home Appliances Works with Support Service Overview Customer Service Press Center Become a Home Connect partner Overview Developer Portal Become a Test User © Home Connect GmbH Legal notice Data privacy Report a vulnerability We need your consent Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, ("Google") may set a cookie on my end device to analyze my user behavior for all YouTube videos on this website (for video statistics, user experience improvement and fraud prevention). Google may also share this data with third parties. I can withdraw my consent by deleting the cookie (function in my browser). For more information, click here: View cookie information Data Protection Information Accept