Be Invested. Trade globally online. | Saxo Investing INVESTING PLATFORM SaxoInvestor Simple investing platform with stocks, ETFs, funds, and bonds, plus essential tools. PRODUCTS Stocks ETFs Mutual funds Bonds TOOLS and FEATURES Market insights Get daily market updates, podcasts, webinars, and more. Stock lending Earn potential extra income by lending stocks and ETFs. All about investing Learn the essentials of investing—from building portfolios to managing long-term wealth. ACCOUNTS Individual Corporate Joint Trading Trading platform SaxoTrader Advanced trading platform with our full product range, margin trading, and complex tools. PRODUCTS Options CFDs Forex Futures Commodities Stocks ETFs Mutual funds Bonds TOOLS and FEATURES Margin trading Check margin requirements for retail and professional traders. Professional status Qualify to trade with more flexibility and lower margin rates. SaxoTrader for desktop See the customisable, multi-screen app with extra features. Third-party tools and APIs View third-party tools available for integration with our platform, including TradingView. Account types Choose your account: individual, corporate, joint, and more. Market insights Get daily market updates, podcasts, webinars, and more. Pricing Commissions and spreads See what you pay when trading different products. General charges Review financing costs, interest calculations, and service fees. About CORPORATE About Saxo Investor relations Media center Sustainability at Saxo Affiliate partnerships LEGAL Trading conditions General business terms Privacy policy Risk information Licences and regulation Protection of funds Anti-money laundering Help GET HELP Visit our help center Contact us QUICK LINKS Opening an account Funding and withdrawals Transferring a portfolio Using our apps and platforms Trading our products Technical support Pricing FAQs For institutions Search home.saxo Search Close Cancel Sorry, we couldn't find anything related to your search. Try a different search or explore one of these pages: Account types Pricing overview Trading conditions Market insights Careers at Saxo Opening an account Transferring a portfolio Funding and withdrawals Using our apps and platforms Technical support View All View All Log in Open account Open account Investing Trading Pricing About Help For institutions Log in Open account International Back Manage consent Details Cookies International Important margin product information CFDs and forex (FX) are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 61% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs, FX, or any of our other products work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Cookie policy Our websites use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience by enabling, optimising, and analysing site operations, as well as to provide personalised ad content and allow you to connect to social media. By choosing “Accept all” you consent to the use of cookies and the related processing of personal data. Select “Manage consent” to manage your consent preferences. You can change your preferences or retract your consent at any time via the cookie policy page. Please view our cookie policy and our privacy policy . Necessary Show more Preference Yes No Show more Yes No Statistical Yes No Show more Yes No Marketing Yes No Show more Yes No België Belgique Česká republika Danmark France Hong Kong S.A.R 中國香港 Italia UAE الشرق الأوسط Nederland Norge Polska Singapore Switzerland Suisse Schweiz United Kingdom 日本 Accept all Necessary only Manage consent Save and close Accept all International Check out our annual Outrageous Predictions: provocative ideas for what 2026 could bring. What's your take? Discover a better way to invest Broker trusted by 1.5 million+ clients Regulated financial institution with a banking licence The Danish Guarantee Fund protects up to EUR 100,000 of your deposits Open account Check our pricing Products Pricing About us One account, two platforms With one login, you can access both platforms and switch between them anytime. 01 / 02 Most popular SaxoInvestor Simple investing platform with essential tools for easy portfolio management. Available instruments Stocks ETFs Mutual funds Bonds Options CFDs Forex Futures Commodities Explore SaxoInvestor SaxoTrader Advanced trading platform with access to our full product range, margin trading, and complex tools. Available instruments Stocks ETFs Mutual funds Bonds Options CFDs Forex Futures Commodities Explore SaxoTrader PRIcing Lower fees, greater investing power Low commissions for all asset classes No platform or inactivity fees No minimum initial funding See all product fees Stocks Euronext exchanges Commissions from EUR 2 See stock trading costs Stocks Main US exchanges Commissions from USD 1 See stock trading costs Bonds Commissions from EUR 20 See bond trading costs EUR stock options Commission per contract EUR 0.75 See option trading costs Costs are indicative and may vary by country of residence. More ways to optimise returns 01 / 02 Stock lending Earn more on your securities by lending them based on market demand Premium account tiers Qualify for lower fees and better service through high trading activity Kim Fournais , Founder and CEO Our reputation is built on trust Licensed Danish bank We’re a licensed Danish bank regulated in 13 countries, and your deposits are backed by the Danish Guarantee Fund up to EUR 100,000. See our licences Over 30 years of experience Founded in Denmark in 1992, we’ve expanded our reach to serve over one million traders and investors around the globe. Discover Saxo Proven stability As a well-capitalised, Systemically Important Financial Institution (SIFI) with an A- S&P rating, we’re here to stay. Read press releases Human support 24/5 support is available in multiple languages, plus FAQs, tutorials, and more at help.saxo. Contact us Open account Learn more about Saxo Stay ahead of trends and market news Real-time news and updates Curated investment themes FactSet and Morningstar analyst ratings Podcasts, webinars, and educational articles Preview insights Latest highlights 01 / 03 Outrageous Predictions 2026 An outspoken and outrageous look at the future that may await us. Check our predictions Demo account Sign up for a 20-day demo account to try out trading in our platform with a simulated USD 100,000. Sign up for demo Refer a friend Check out our referral program and share Saxo with your friends. (Terms depend on country of residence.) Get referral program details Start investing in a few easy steps Create your account and get verified Log in and fund your account Make your first trade Open account Saxo Bank A/S (Headquarters) Philip Heymans Alle 15 2900 Hellerup Denmark Contact Saxo Select region International International Pricing Pricing Commissions and spreads General charges Account tiers Account types Account types Individual account Corporate account Joint account Professional status About Saxo About Saxo About us Visit our help center Careers Refer a friend Saxo for institutions Saxo on TradingView Legal Legal Full disclaimer Non-independent research disclaimer Risk information Saxo compliance Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Investor relations Licences and regulation Protection of funds General business terms Key information documents (KIDs) Complaints Accessibility statement All trading and investing comes with risk, including but not limited to the potential to lose your entire invested amount. Information on our international website (as selected from the globe drop-down) can be accessed worldwide and relates to Saxo Bank A/S as the parent company of the Saxo Bank Group. Any mention of the Saxo Bank Group refers to the overall organisation, including subsidiaries and branches under Saxo Bank A/S. Client agreements are made with the relevant Saxo entity based on your country of residence and are governed by the applicable laws of that entity's jurisdiction. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.