Honeycomb: Observability for Distributed Services Investigation times got you down? See why it’s time to switch to Honeycomb. Learn more Observability Platform Observability for the AI era Futureproof your software for what comes next with the Honeycomb platform. Learn More Platform Overview Frontend Observability Log Analytics Distributed Tracing Metrics Telemetry Pipeline Private Cloud Built-in-Features SLOs Service Map BubbleUp OpenTelemetry App Integrations Honeycomb Intelligence Canvas MCP Anomaly Detection Solutions Why Honeycomb Discover why Honeycomb is the better choice for your engineers, your customers, and your bottom line. Learn More Technologies OpenTelemetry Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Google Cloud AI Agents Use Cases AI & LLMs Incident Response Predictable Costs DevOps & Releases Frontend Development Meet Customer SLAs Cloud Migrations Why Honeycomb? Customers Comparisons Enterprise Learn Observability Engineering Start your journey with the definitive guide to observability. Download our complimentary ebook. Get your copy Engineers Docs Observability Engineering Quickstart Sending data Sandbox Resource Center Blog Getting Started Technical Guides Case Studies Webinars Whitepapers Product Videos Community Events Observability Days Office Hours Pollinators Slack Honeycomb Academy Course Catalog Learning Paths Company Our mission Bring observability to every software engineer. About Us About Us Learn about our company, mission and values. Team Meet the people behind Honeycomb. Careers Come for the impact, stay for the culture. News See the latest press releases from Honeycomb. Pricing Login Start For Free Book a demo Already a Honeycomb customer? Login Observability for what comes next Futureproof your business with the context, speed, and scale you need to build great software in the AI era Start for Free Get a Demo What's happening here? 🤯 Send me the Honeycomb link Aha! It's this request causing the problem What's happening here? 🤯 Send me the Honeycomb link Trusted by innovators and enterprises worldwide Built for answers —no dead ends, no surprise bills Other tools force you to choose between visibility, performance, and cost. Honeycomb gives you all three. We unify telemetry, deliver lightning-fast queries, and integrate with AI agents to reveal issues in seconds, not hours. Our unique event-based pricing rewards curiosity without extra costs. Explore our Platform Triggers Service Map SLOs BubbleUp Query Assistant Query Builder HONEYCOMB UNIFIED DATASTORE Distributed Tracing Log Analytics Custom Metrics Frontend Observability LLM Observability REALTIME ACCESS Canvas MCP Server Anomaly Detection HONEYCOMB INTELLIGENCE Logs Traces Metrics TELEMETRY PIPELINES Amazon S3 ENHANCE 60+ INTEGRATIONS Triggers Service Map SLOs BubbleUp Query Assistant Query Builder HONEYCOMB UNIFIED DATASTORE YOUR DATA SOURCES Send us all your data Logs, metrics, traces–send any structured data our way without paying more for the additional data you capture. Add as much context as you want, and derive unlimited custom metrics for free. Our OpenTelemetry-compatible platform rewards curiosity without incurring extra costs. Make your data your own Define a strategy for your telemetry data that controls cost and helps you get the right answers, now. Collect, enrich, filter, sample, route, and more—shape your data for faster troubleshooting and deeper insights. A data store engineered for scale Today’s software systems produce a volume and complexity of telemetry unlike ever before—and we custom-built our data store to handle it all. Append all the technical and business context you need, for no extra charge. Move even faster with AI Make every engineer an expert and every investigation instant with Honeycomb Intelligence. Speed up your investigations with Canvas, an AI-assisted copilot, or access your observability data directly with your AI agent IDE via Honeycomb MCP so you can stay in the flow. Answer questions in seconds, not hours Say goodbye to slow queries and dashboards that dead-end. Whether you know exactly what you're looking for or you're just poking through the data, results from Honeycomb's query engine are unbelievably fast. Visualizations are dynamic and explorable, encouraging and empowering investigation. Integrates with the tools you use Honeycomb integrates with 60+ tools across the software development lifecycle, integrating seamlessly into your existing tech stack to keep you in flow. From CI/CD pipelines to incident management tools to AI-powered investigations, Honeycomb ties observability directly to the systems you already use. What Honeycomb helps you do Honeycomb breaks the cost curve of observability, enabling complete system visibility without tradeoffs between data quality and budget. See everything Get complete visibility with data available in under 90 seconds. Explore dynamic visualizations with limitless insights and no dead ends. With Honeycomb, engineers and AI agents always have the context they need to easily solve problems. Solve anything Resolve issues before they impact customers. Perform root cause analysis in under 3 minutes with BubbleUp. Run sub-10 second queries with your AI agent. Honeycomb makes every engineer an expert and every investigation instant. Scale infinitely Stop making tradeoffs between observability cost and software quality. Add unlimited fields and unlimited users at no extra cost. Our platform is OpenTelemetry-native with no vendor lock-in. Honeycomb is ready for whatever comes next in your tech stack. What our customers say We have predictable pricing that lets us do away with the legacy approach of sampling logs to preserve budget. Honeycomb’s event-based pricing empowers us to see every request from every service that comes through. Michael Garski Director of Platform Engineering, Fender Thanks to Honeycomb, SLO-based monitoring has proven superior for LLM reliability than traditional metrics. Given AI’s unpredictable nature, SLOs help us catch and investigate anomalies without triggering a flood of noisy alerts. Kesha Mykhailov Staff Engineer, Intercom, on Fin AI Honeycomb has really transformed how fast and how well we can coordinate across the company where we’re all working from a common point of observability insights—whether we’re troubleshooting or making capital investment decisions. Ranbir Chawla SVP of Engineering, Ritchie Bros We’re able to bring a different mentality in the way we run and manage our production systems. We were able to really help our engineering teams and change the culture. Rich Anakor Chief Solutions Architect, Vanguard We rely on Honeycomb to provide the world-class scale and resilience LaunchDarkly customers expect. Edith Harbaugh Co-founder and CEO, LaunchDarkly Solutions for every team We created Honeycomb to solve the problems legacy monitoring couldn't address. Explore the ways Honeycomb can work for you. LLM Observability Get granular insight into how your LLMs behave in production, troubleshoot failures faster, and continuously improve model performance—all in real time with real data. Frontend Observability Log Management and Analytics Distributed Tracing Telemetry Pipelines O'Reilly Book New to observability? Learn from the experts . Let authors Charity Majors, Liz Fong-Jones, and George Miranda explain what observability is and how to leverage it for your organization. Get your free copy of the book Sign up for updates on the second edition Get a preview of what you’ll learn Learn more about the authors Get your copy Keep learning... Ken Rimple December 15, 2025 Reporting Exceptions to Honeycomb with Frontend Observability Frontend Rox Williams December 11, 2025 AI-Powered Observability: From Reactive to Predictive AI & LLMs Tyler Helmuth December 8, 2025 Using Traces, Metrics, and Logs All in One Place, as Demonstrated by Pipeline Builder Tracing Logging Metrics Julie Neumann December 3, 2025 Honeycomb Signs Three-Year Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS to Accelerate AI Observability in the Enterprise Press Releases View all Ready to get started? Start for Free Book a Demo Platform Overview Learn Why Honeycomb Comparisons Resources Pricing Office Hours Academy Integrations Support Documentation Support Portal Slack Community Status Company About Us Team Careers News Events Blog © 2025 Hound Technology, Inc. Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Sign up for updates from Honeycomb Honeycomb.io Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Hound Technology, Inc.