Investigation times got you down? See why it’s time to switch to Honeycomb.
LEARN MORE
Observability Platform
Solutions
Learn
Company
Pricing
Login
START FOR FREE
BOOK A DEMO
Observability for
what comes next

Futureproof your business with the context, speed, and scale you need to build great software in the AI era

START FOR FREE
GET A DEMO
Aha! It's this request causing the problem
What's happening here? 🤯
Send me the Honeycomb link

Trusted by innovators and enterprises worldwide

Built for answers—no dead ends, no surprise bills

Other tools force you to choose between visibility, performance, and cost. Honeycomb gives you all three. We unify telemetry, deliver lightning-fast queries, and integrate with AI agents to reveal issues in seconds, not hours. Our unique event-based pricing rewards curiosity without extra costs.




EXPLORE OUR PLATFORM
Triggers
Service Map
SLOs
BubbleUp
 
 
Query Assistant
Query Builder
HONEYCOMB UNIFIED DATASTORE
Distributed Tracing
Log Analytics
Custom Metrics
Frontend Observability
LLM Observability
REALTIME ACCESS
Canvas
MCP Server
Anomaly Detection
HONEYCOMB INTELLIGENCE
Logs
Traces
Metrics
TELEMETRY PIPELINES
Amazon S3
ENHANCE
60+ INTEGRATIONS
Triggers
Service Map
SLOs
BubbleUp
 
 
Query Assistant
Query Builder
HONEYCOMB UNIFIED DATASTORE
YOUR DATA SOURCES
What Honeycomb helps you do

Honeycomb breaks the cost curve of observability, enabling complete system visibility without tradeoffs between data quality and budget.

See everything
Get complete visibility with data available in under 90 seconds. Explore dynamic visualizations with limitless insights and no dead ends. With Honeycomb, engineers and AI agents always have the context they need to easily solve problems.
Solve anything
Resolve issues before they impact customers. Perform root cause analysis in under 3 minutes with BubbleUp. Run sub-10 second queries with your AI agent. Honeycomb makes every engineer an expert and every investigation instant.
Scale infinitely
Stop making tradeoffs between observability cost and software quality. Add unlimited fields and unlimited users at no extra cost. Our platform is OpenTelemetry-native with no vendor lock-in. Honeycomb is ready for whatever comes next in your tech stack.
What our customers say

We have predictable pricing that lets us do away with the legacy approach of sampling logs to preserve budget. Honeycomb’s event-based pricing empowers us to see every request from every service that comes through.

Michael Garski

Director of Platform Engineering, Fender

Thanks to Honeycomb, SLO-based monitoring has proven superior for LLM reliability than traditional metrics. Given AI’s unpredictable nature, SLOs help us catch and investigate anomalies without triggering a flood of noisy alerts.

Kesha Mykhailov

Staff Engineer, Intercom, on Fin AI

Honeycomb has really transformed how fast and how well we can coordinate across the company where we’re all working from a common point of observability insights—whether we’re troubleshooting or making capital investment decisions.

Ranbir Chawla

SVP of Engineering, Ritchie Bros

We’re able to bring a different mentality in the way we run and manage our production systems. We were able to really help our engineering teams and change the culture.

Rich Anakor

Chief Solutions Architect, Vanguard

We rely on Honeycomb to provide the world-class scale and resilience LaunchDarkly customers expect.

Edith Harbaugh

Co-founder and CEO, LaunchDarkly

We have predictable pricing that lets us do away with the legacy approach of sampling logs to preserve budget. Honeycomb’s event-based pricing empowers us to see every request from every service that comes through.

Michael Garski

Director of Platform Engineering, Fender

Thanks to Honeycomb, SLO-based monitoring has proven superior for LLM reliability than traditional metrics. Given AI’s unpredictable nature, SLOs help us catch and investigate anomalies without triggering a flood of noisy alerts.

Kesha Mykhailov

Staff Engineer, Intercom, on Fin AI

Honeycomb has really transformed how fast and how well we can coordinate across the company where we’re all working from a common point of observability insights—whether we’re troubleshooting or making capital investment decisions.

Ranbir Chawla

SVP of Engineering, Ritchie Bros

We’re able to bring a different mentality in the way we run and manage our production systems. We were able to really help our engineering teams and change the culture.

Rich Anakor

Chief Solutions Architect, Vanguard

We rely on Honeycomb to provide the world-class scale and resilience LaunchDarkly customers expect.

Edith Harbaugh

Co-founder and CEO, LaunchDarkly

Solutions for every team

We created Honeycomb to solve the problems legacy monitoring couldn't address. Explore the ways Honeycomb can work for you.

LLM Observability
Get granular insight into how your LLMs behave in production, troubleshoot failures faster, and continuously improve model performance—all in real time with real data.
Frontend Observability
Log Management and Analytics
Distributed Tracing
Telemetry Pipelines
O'Reilly Book
New to observability? Learn from the experts.

Let authors Charity Majors, Liz Fong-Jones, and George Miranda explain what observability is and how to leverage it for your organization.

Get your free copy of the book
Sign up for updates on the second edition
Get a preview of what you’ll learn
Learn more about the authors
GET YOUR COPY
Keep learning...

Ken Rimple

December 15, 2025

Reporting Exceptions to Honeycomb with Frontend Observability

Frontend

Rox Williams

December 11, 2025

AI-Powered Observability: From Reactive to Predictive

AI & LLMs

Tyler Helmuth

December 8, 2025

Using Traces, Metrics, and Logs All in One Place, as Demonstrated by Pipeline Builder

Tracing
Logging
Metrics

Julie Neumann

December 4, 2025

Honeycomb Signs Three-Year Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS to Accelerate AI Observability in the Enterprise

Press Releases
VIEW ALL
Ready to get started?
START FOR FREE
BOOK A DEMO
Platform
Overview
Learn
Why Honeycomb
Comparisons
Resources
Pricing
Office Hours
Academy
Integrations
Support
Documentation
Support Portal
Slack Community
Status
Company
About Us
Team
Careers
News
Events
Blog
© 2025 Hound Technology, Inc.
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices

Sign up for updates from Honeycomb

By clicking Submit, you agree to Honeycomb's Terms of Service and Privacy Policies.