Cars for Sale UK | Car Reviews | Car News | Honest John Cars Vans Classics Good Garage Guide Kit Sign up Profile Log in Log out Reviews Car reviews Long term tests Car Chooser Best car finance deals Best Cars To Buy Most reliable cars Best SUVs Best hybrid cars Best PHEVs Best electric cars Best small automatics Best estate cars Best 7 seaters > All best cars guides Ask HJ See all Ask HJ questions Real MPG Find your Real MPG Best MPG Cars for 2025 News Latest news Electric Car Grant: how to apply All new cars coming in 2026 Chinese EV Statistics: Marketshare Data UK Car Insurance Statistics Advice Car buying advice Insurance advice Car finance advice Car warranty advice Owning and maintaining advice Driving advice Help & Tools Car tax rates calculator Best breakdown cover How to reject a car Does your car have a wet belt? Satisfaction Index 2025 Free car valuation Get a FREE valuation How to sell your car Cars For Sale Used cars for sale New cars for sale Profile Log out Log in New account Latest Reviews Review Chery Tiggo 9 Chery is a company that you may not have heard much. if anything, about, but believe us when we say that it means business. It might be a new name on you, but Chery International is a company that’s been going since 1997 in its native market of China, and now holds the distinction of being that country’s largest exporter of new cars, so it’s safe to say it knows a thing or two about manufacturing and selling vehicles. 
 Although an experienced exporter... Read more Review Toyota Aygo X The city car market looks pretty bleak these days. Great options such as the  Volkswagen Up  plus its... Read more Review MINI Countryman Electric Today’s MINI Countryman Electric is so grown up that suggesting its name would be more appropriate if... Read more Reviews, road tests and more Ford BMW Volkswagen Honda Toyota Audi Vauxhall Nissan Peugeot Skoda Hyundai Kia See all Free Car Valuation Discover just how much your car is worth, without any of the fuss Get Valuation Ask Honest John More questions Can I reject a car bought through a salary sacrifice scheme? Answered By David Ross See Full Question My adaptive headlights won't switch settings when driving abroad? Answered By David Ross See Full Question What could be causing my warning lamps to flicker? Answered By David Ross See Full Question Can I turn off lane keep assist on my Honda Civic? Answered By David Ross See Full Question Running costs What's the latest on road pricing? New Car Tax Rates 2025: Plus Road Tax Calculator Confused by car tax? Use our road tax calculator by reg to find out how much your 2025 car tax will be. Read more Real MPG Want to know what MPG your car should be getting? Real MPG is here to help with genuine real world fuel economy figures from owners. Read more Latest News More news Hidden Hero: SEAT Cordoba Coupe SEAT's rally-inspired coupe was a car that nobody really asked for, but an interesting one nonetheless. Read more EU rows back on 2035 zero emissions targets In December 2025 the European Commission announced an Automotive Package aimed at supporting EU manufacturing and reducing the pressure on manufacturers to reach 2035 zero-emission targets Read more Hidden Heroes: Peugeot 307 GT Feline Could this be the world's dullest hot hatch? Maybe. But 180bhp for less than a grand can't be sniffed at. Read more Question of the week: How can you check battery condition a used EV? "If you are buying a used electric car, how can you check the condition of the battery and how much charge it is holding when it is fully charged?" Read more Driven - BMW M3 CS Touring: the best current M car Yes, the M3 CS Touring carries a whopping premium over the regular M3 wagon, but drive it and it all starts to make sense Read more Electric cars More EV advice Electric Car Grant 2025: Which cars get them and how to apply The government's new Electric Car Grant offers up to £3750 off the price of a new electric car and British-built EVs could see the biggest savings Read more Should you buy an EV in 2026? Switching to an electric car could — and should — save you money but does today’s EV technology suit every motorists’ needs? Our guide explains all. Read more Best Home Charging EV Tariffs — December 2025 Looking for the best home charging EV tariffs for charging your electric car? Our guide is here to help you save money on charging your EV. Read more From CHAdeMO to CCS: Your guide to EV chargers Wondering how and where to charge your EV? Here's a complete guide to established and new, EV charging technology. Read more Best electric cars on sale In an ever-expanding market, we pick out the best electric cars you can buy right now. Read more New Car Deals Find more deals Best PCP car deals - December 2025 Our pick of the top Personal Contract Purchase (PCP) deals we've found online. Learn how PCP agreements work and explore real-world examples, plus stay updated with the best PCP car deals here. Read more Best cars for £99 a month - December 2025 If you're after a new car but don't want to break the bank, we've got you covered. These are the best cars for the most affordable monthly car finance payments we've found. Read more Best 0% APR car finance deals - December 2025 0% finance deals can be a great way of getting into your ideal car without paying extra for financing the car instead of buying outright. Check out our round-up of the best deals. Read more Best zero deposit car finance deals - December 2025 Here's the best PCP deals we've found online featuring zero or low deposits, along with manageable monthly repayments suitable for those on tight budgets. Read more Best Electric Car finance deals - December 2025 In the market for the very best electric car finance deals on offer? From small hatchbacks right up to large SUVs, here are our picks of the best EV PCP offers we've found online. Read more Helpful advice Find more advice Best Breakdown Cover UK 2025 Looking for the best breakdown cover available for your car? We've ranked the best breakdown providers based on HonestJohn.co.uk readers' experiences. Read more Last orders: 2030 ban for new petrol and diesel car sales The government's ZEV mandate means new vehicles will be emissions-free from 2035, with petrol- and diesel-only new cars and vans phased out by 2030. Here's what you really need to know. Read more What is a mild hybrid car? Everything you need to know Confused about what a mild hybrid is and how it differs from a regular one? Then here's your complete guide to this low-cost, fuel-saving technology. Read more Does my car have a timing belt or chain? The cambelt or timing chain is one of the most crucial parts of your engine - and which is fitted to a specific car is the question we get asked more than any other. Read more How to reject a car: Your consumer rights explained Buying a car should be straightforward but what happens if something goes wrong? Here's how to reject a car and get a refund. Read more New cars coming in 2026...and beyond All new cars 2026 All-electric Toyota C-HR+ starts from £34,495 New mid-size SUV goes on sale from January with a range of up to 376 miles. Read more Mitsubishi confirms return of Outlander PHEV to the UK The resurrection of Mitsubishi's UK operations will start with the popular family plug-in hybrid SUV. Read more Dacia updates Spring and Sandero for 2026 Small cars for less, and now with extra features across the Spring, Sandero and Sandero Stepway. Read more First shots of the 2026 Smart #2 revealed Smart gives us the first few glimpses of the replacement for the ForTwo. Read more The Fiesta is back! New electric small Ford promised by 2028 A tie-up between Ford and Renault could see the return of the Fiesta badge on the same platform as the Renault 5. Read more Best cars to buy in 2026 Explore all buying guides Best hybrid cars 2026 The best hybrid cars deliver low fuel consumption and reduced exhaust emissions without the hassle of having to plug in. Read more Best small SUVs 2026 The best small SUVs on sale prove that good things really do come in small packages. Read more UK’s cheapest new cars for 2026 If you're looking for a brand new car and have an eye for a bargain then our guide to the 10 cheapest new cars on sale in the UK is the guide you need. Read more Best family cars 2026 The best family cars can cope with everything your kids throw at them, while also being enjoyable to drive when they’re at school. Read more Best plug-in hybrid cars 2026 Plug-in hybrid cars can be the perfect step into everyday electric motoring, without the fear of running out of charge. Read more Long-term tests All long-term tests Mazda CX-80 We're spending the next few months with Mazda's flagship SUV - the seven-seat version of the popular Mazda CX-60. Read more Suzuki S-Cross We'll be living with the latest mild hybrid version of the Suzuki S-Cross for the next six months. Does the Nissan Qashqai rival have what it takes? Read more Cupra Tavascan Cupra's first electric car, the Born, is an impressive vehicle. So, is the follow-up, the Tavascan SUV, a difficult second album or a seminal hit? Read more Volvo XC90 T8 We're running the recently updated Volvo XC90 T8 plug-in hybrid for the next six months. Does the popular Volvo still cut it 10 years after launch? Read more Honda e:Ny1 Will Honda's first ever SUV EV live up to expectations or be found wanting? Read more HonestJohn.co.uk was founded in 2000 and we’re known for our no-nonsense approach to car buying and owning advice. We offer detailed reviews of new and used cars along with Real MPG, which gives owners a real world view on fuel consumption. We’re most famous for our Ask HJ function. HonestJohn.co.uk is part of the heycar and buyacar family of websites and is maintained as an independent brand to help bring greater trust and transparency to the car industry. Most Popular Reviews on Honest John Audi A1 Sportback Audi A3 Sportback Audi A4 Saloon Audi Q2 Audi Q3 Audi Q4 e-tron Audi Q5 BMW 1 Series BMW 3 Series BMW 4 Series BMW 5 Series BMW i3 BMW i4 BMW iX3 BMW X1 BMW X3 BMW X5 Citroen C3 Dacia Duster Dacia Sandero Ford EcoSport Ford Fiesta Ford Focus Ford Kuga Ford Puma Fiat 500 Honda e Honda Jazz Honda Civic Honda HR-V Honda CR-V Hyundai i10 Hyundai i30 Hyundai Ioniq Hyundai Ioniq 5 Hyundai Tucson Hyundai Kona Kia EV6 Kia Niro EV Kia Picanto Kia Sportage Kia Sorento Kia Stonic Mazda 2 Mazda 3 Mazda CX-3 Mazda CX-5 Mercedes-Benz A-Class Mercedes-Benz C-Class Mercedes-Benz E-Class Mercedes-Benz GLA Mercedes-Benz GLB Mercedes-Benz GLC Mercedes-Benz GLE Mercedes-Benz EQA MINI Countryman MINI Electric MG HS MG ZS MG ZS EV Nissan Juke Nissan Leaf Nissan Qashqai Peugeot 208 Peugeot 2008 Peugeot 3008 Renault Captur Renault Kadjar Skoda Enyaq iV Skoda Fabia Skoda Kamiq Skoda Karoq Skoda Kodiaq Skoda Octavia Skoda Scala Skoda Superb SEAT Arona SEAT Ateca Suzuki Swift Suzuki Vitara Toyota Aygo Toyota Prius Toyota Yaris Vauxhall Astra Vauxhall Corsa Vauxhall Crossland Vauxhall Grandland Vauxhall Mokka Volkswagen Golf Volkswagen Polo Volkswagen ID.3 Volkswagen ID.4 Volkswagen ID.5 Volkswagen Tiguan Volkswagen T-Cross Volkswagen T-Roc Volkswagen Up Volvo XC40 Volvo XC60 Volvo XC90 Popular Makes BMW Mercedes-Benz Audi Volkswagen Ford Vauxhall Land Rover Nissan Toyota Peugeot Kia Volvo Skoda Hyundai Renault SEAT Porsche Fiat Honda Jaguar Mazda Citroen Suzuki MINI Mitsubishi Alfa Romeo Jeep Popular Models BMW 1 Series BMW 3 Series BMW X5 Mercedes-Benz GLA Mercedes-Benz AMG Mercedes-Benz A-Class Mercedes-Benz C-Class Mercedes-Benz GL-Class Audi A1 Audi A3 Audi A4 Audi Q3 Audi TT Volkswagen Golf Volkswagen Polo Volkswagen Tiguan Volkswagen T-Roc Ford Fiesta Ford Focus Ford Kuga Ford Mondeo Vauxhall Corsa Vauxhall Astra Nissan Qashqai Nissan Juke Nissan Micra Toyota Yaris Used Cars by Location Cheshire Derbyshire Devon Essex Greater Manchester Kent Lancashire Somerset Surrey West Midlands London Wales Edinburgh Glasgow Aberdeen Northern Ireland Merseyside Tyne & Wear Got a question that still needs to be answered? Register for free and ask Honest John your question Ask A Question Sign up to the HonestJohn.co.uk newsletter for regular updates Subscribe Terms and Conditions Privacy Cookies Advertise on this site Contact Mobile Website of the Year 2016, 2017 & 2018