Technology, Design, and Inspiration - Hongkiat Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation Trending Posts LTEngine — Free Offline AI-Powered Translator LTEngine — Free Offline AI-Powered Translator For years, we’ve had to make a trade-off using cloud-based tools like Google Translate or DeepL, or choosing… Thoriq Firdaus Hidden VS Code Terminal Features Every Developer Should Know Hidden VS Code Terminal Features Every Developer Should Know If you’re using Visual Studio Code (VS Code), you’ve probably used its built-in terminal to run commands and… Thoriq Firdaus 10 Modern CSS Features You Can Use Today 10 Modern CSS Features You Can Use Today CSS has come a long way. We once relied on preprocessors like Sass or JavaScript hacks just to… Thoriq Firdaus Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (November 2025) Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (November 2025) It’s time for another Fresh Resources roundup! In this edition, we’ve got another solid lineup of tools you… Hongkiat Lim How to Run LLM in Docker How to Run LLM in Docker Large Language Models (LLMs) have changed how we build and use software. While cloud-based LLM APIs are great… Thoriq Firdaus How to Migrate from ESLint to Oxlint How to Migrate from ESLint to Oxlint ESLint has been the standard for over a decade. It’s mature, battle-tested, and highly customizable with a huge… Hongkiat Lim Latest posts Desktop Atlas — Yet Another AI-Powered Browser from OpenAI OpenAI has recently introduced a new browser called Atlas. It is an AI-native browser, designed to completely change how we use the web. So instead of… Thoriq Firdaus Web Design Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (October 2025) In this edition of our roundup, we’ve gathered a fresh batch of open-source tools and developer resources. Whether you’re currently building apps … Hongkiat Lim Desktop How to Run MCP Servers with Docker When working with Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers, each one might require its own setup, tools, or environment. For a deeper dive into MCP server… Thoriq Firdaus Coding A Look Into Customizable HTML Select Elements The <select> element is one of the most common form controls on the web, but it has always been one of the hardest to style. That’s because br… Hongkiat Lim Coding How to Add Animation with TailwindCSS Adding animations can be a great way to make your website feel more alive and enjoyable. They can be used to provide helpful feedback, guide users’ … Thoriq Firdaus Coding How to Style React Aria Components with TailwindCSS React Aria Components (RAC) is a library from Adobe that gives you fully accessible, production-ready React components—but without any default styli… Thoriq Firdaus Coding Advanced Search Replace in Visual Studio Code with RegEx One of the most useful features in Visual Studio Code (VS Code) is its search and replace tool. It allows you to quickly find and update text in your … Thoriq Firdaus Web Design Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (September 2025) We’re back with another round of fresh tools and resources for developers and designers. This month’s collection features a handy mix of AI-powere… Hongkiat Lim Web Design Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (August 2025) We are back with our monthly roundup of fresh resources for web developers. This month, we have a collection of tools, libraries, and frameworks that … Hongkiat Lim Web Design Fresh Resources for Web Designers and Developers (July 2025) As always, we’re keeping an eye on the latest tools making life easier for our fellow developers. In this post, we’ve picked some handy open-sourc… Thoriq Firdaus Internet Google Graveyard Revisited: Shutdowns Since 2015 We know them for Search, Gmail, Android… the giants. But Google’s also famous for something else: trying out tons of ideas. Seriously, hundreds of… Ashutosh KS Internet Getting Started with Gemini CLI Gemini CLI is a free, open-source tool that brings Googles Gemini AI right into your Terminal. If you’re a developer, it can help you work faster as… Thoriq Firdaus Posts navigation 1 2 3 … 490 Next Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. 2025 Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Website Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Whatsapp Email