Honorlock Online Proctoring Services And Software Skip to content Features Cell Phone Detection Video Monitoring & Second Camera ID Verification BrowserGuard™ Proctoring Service Options Live Pop-in™ AI Blocking Integrations & 3rd Party Exams Search & Destroy™ Analytics Hub™ Honorlock Application Higher Ed Faculty Students Professional Ed Resources Resources Home Blog eBooks Customer Success Stories Experience the Difference Videos Events & Webinars News & Press Releases Knowledge Base About Us Careers × Features Cell Phone Detection Video Monitoring & Second Camera ID Verification BrowserGuard™ Proctoring Service Options Live Pop-in™ AI Blocking Integrations & 3rd Party Exams Search & Destroy™ Analytics Hub™ Honorlock Application Higher Ed Faculty Students Professional Ed Resources Resources Home Blog eBooks Customer Success Stories Experience the Difference Videos Events & Webinars News & Press Releases Knowledge Base About Us Careers Schedule a Demo Support Honorlock Online Proctoring A Better Way to Test Integrity Matters. So Do People. Rethink How You Secure Exams. Easy, Stress-free Testing is Here No Annoying Software. No Looooong Waits for Support. Just Reliable Proctoring That Actually Works. No Annoying Software. No Looooong Waits for Support. Just Reliable, Secure Online Proctoring That Actually Works. Protect Exam Integrity & Content Support Everyone Ready Any Time Maximize Impact Live Proctors With AI Learn More Verifies ID in Seconds Learn More Locks the Browser Learn More Detects Cell Phones Learn More Blocks AI Learn More Finds Leaked Questions Learn More Detects Speech Learn More Second Camera Monitoring Learn More Combines Live Proctors With AI Learn More Verifies ID in Seconds Learn More Locks the Browser Learn More Detects Cell Phones Learn More Blocks AI Learn More Finds Leaked Questions Learn More Detects Speech Learn More Second Camera Monitoring Learn More 24/7/365 Live Support for All Users < 15 Second Average Response Time < 7 Minute Average Resolution 94% User Satisfaction 99% Issues Resolution Protects Security & Privacy Learn More No Exam Scheduling Dedicated Success Manager 24/7/365 Live Proctoring & Support Minimal System Requirements Unlimited Practice Exams Direct LMS Integration Learn More Flat Rate
Cost Scalable &
Affordable Actionable Analytics to Grow Quick Setup & Onboarding Minimize
Review Time Protect Exam Integrity and Content Combines Live Proctors With AI Learn More Verifies ID in 60 seconds Learn More Locks  the Browser Learn More Detects Cell Phones Learn More Blocks AI Learn More Find Leaked Questions Learn More Detects Speech Learn More Second Camera Monitoring Learn More Support Everyone 24/7/365 Live Support for All Users < 15 Second Average Response Time < 7 Minute Average Resolution 94% User Satisfaction 99% Issues
Resolution Protects Security & Privacy Ready Any Time No Exam Scheduling Dedicated Success Manager 24/7/365 Live Proctoring & Support Minimal System Requirements Unlimited Practice Exams Direct LMS Integration Maximize Impact Flat Rate Cost Scalable & Affordable Actionable Analytics
to Grow Quick Setup & Onboarding Minimize Review Time Experience the Honorlock Difference for Yourself Talk to a Rep One Online Proctoring Solution That Does It All Smart Proctoring Tools to Secure Any Exams https://honorlock.com/live-pop-in/ Live Pop-In TM Honorlock’s secure proctoring solution protects exam integrity with a combination of live proctors and AI tools. https://honorlock.com/proctoring-cell-phone-detection/ Cell Phone Detection Detects cell phones and other secondary devices without relying on a proctor seeing them in real time. https://honorlock.com/browserguard/ BrowserGuard TM Secures test browsers by blocking access to websites, applications, and keyboard shortcuts like copy and paste. https://honorlock.com/blocking-ai-tools/ Blocks AI Combines several exam proctoring tools to prevent test takers from using AI, like ChatGPT, during online exams, unless test admins allow it. https://honorlock.com/search-and-destroy/ Search & Destroy TM Automatically searches the web for your leaked exam content and provides a one-click option to send takedown requests to maintain exam integrity. https://honorlock.com/proctoring-reporting-insights/ Analytics Hub TM Delivers actionable reports on everything from institution-wide usage to exam-specific insights in one easy-to-use portal. https://honorlock.com/voice-detection/ Speech Detection Listens for specific words and phrases, like “Hey Siri,” that may indicate cheating by activating voice assistants, instead of flagging unimportant noises. https://honorlock.com/integrations/ LMS Integrations Honorlock’s online proctoring platform integrates with LMSs like Canvas, Blackboard, Moodle, D2L, Docebo, and Intellum, and offers open APIs for custom integrations. ← → ← → See More Features #1 Highest-Rated, Most-Loved 
Proctoring Service #1 Most-Loved 
Proctoring Service See How Organizations Improve Online Testing With Honorlock Brian Marchman Assistant Provost and Director, Office of Distance Learning, University of Florida “Honorlock allows faculty to focus on what they do best, teach. The time savings reaped by faculty is an estimated 8 1/2 hours per semester, per course. That’s nearly three weeks worth of class time returned to the faculty member to focus on instruction and student engagement rather than monitoring assessments or reviewing incident reports.” Paul Fisher Chief Information Officer, Seton Hall University “What sets Honorlock apart is the ability to customize online exams to meet the differing needs of our faculty… Honorlock has become a part of our basic toolset and the need for it is obvious to our technology professionals, instructors, and even students.” Mary Beth Lancaster, Ed.D. Dean of Academic Instruction, Coastal Alabama Community College “Students are becoming very savvy and we felt we needed some extra reinforcements. Honorlock gave us those reinforcements through integrity features such as multi-device detection… Honorlock is so easy to access, and the flagging system is perfect.” Peter Burrell Associate Professor & Business Attorney, University of Cincinnati “I had 500 students in one class, but the first assessment with Honorlock went smoothly. Honorlock is an incredibly user-friendly platform… Very easy to get it launched. It was great. We had no problems launching it and making it work.” Brian Marchman Assistant Provost and Director, Office of Distance Learning, University of Florida “Honorlock allows faculty to focus on what they do best, teach. The time savings reaped by faculty is an estimated 8 1/2 hours per semester, per course. That’s nearly three weeks worth of class time returned to the faculty member to focus on instruction and student engagement rather than monitoring assessments or reviewing incident reports.” Paul Fisher Chief Information Officer, Seton Hall University “What sets Honorlock apart is the ability to customize online exams to meet the differing needs of our faculty… Honorlock has become a part of our basic toolset and the need for it is obvious to our technology professionals, instructors, and even students.” Mary Beth Lancaster, Ed.D. Dean of Academic Instruction, Coastal Alabama Community College “Students are becoming very savvy and we felt we needed some extra reinforcements. Honorlock gave us those reinforcements through integrity features such as multi-device detection… Honorlock is so easy to access, and the flagging system is perfect.” Peter Burrell Associate Professor & Business Attorney, University of Cincinnati “I had 500 students in one class, but the first assessment with Honorlock went smoothly. Honorlock is an incredibly user-friendly platform… Very easy to get it launched. It was great. We had no problems launching it and making it work.” Experience the Honorlock Difference for Yourself See the Honorlock Difference Get Started With a Personalized Demo Schedule a Demo Explore Curated Resources for Every Way You Test What is online proctoring? Read Now How to Find Leaked Test Questions and Take Action Read Now How to Cite AI in APA, MLA, and Chicago Read Now The Real Reasons Why Students Cheat Read Now Web Accessibility Guidelines & Compliance Standards In Online Learning Read Now How to Talk to Students Suspected of Cheating Read Now Finding the Right Remote Proctoring Approach for Professional Education Read Now 13 Ways to Prevent Cheating on Online Tests Read Now Proctored Essays & Written Assignments Read Now Honorlock’s Online Proctoring Software Detects Cell Phones Read Now 5 Questions to Consider if You Aren’t Proctoring Online Exams Read Now How to Write Better Test Questions (Tips With Examples) Read Now Resources for Every Way You Test Access eBook Access eBook Access eBook Access eBook Access eBook Access eBook Make difficult conversations productive & meaningful Learn about this new tool and see how to block it Everything you could possibly want to know about proctoring Practical strategies & technology to prevent cheating Proctored written work means no more chatbot cheating What to know about Cluely & how to block it Keep AI out of technical interviews See how easy it is to block ChatGPT (and others) from your exams The tools you need to proctor credentialing exams effectively Research-backed reasons beyond the obvious ones When students justify cheating what are they really saying Examples & templates to write better test questions Features Key Features Service Options Detects Cell Phones Protects Integrity Test Taker Benefits Blocks AI Tools Exam Reporting Third Party Tests Customers Higher Education Professional Education Faculty Students Resources Blog eBooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Events & Webinars Proctoring 101 AI For Education Support Chat FAQs Getting Started Knowledge Base System Requirements LMS Integrations Privacy & Accessibility Exam Prep Tips Honorlock About Us Careers Proctoring Services Proctoring Software News & Press Releases Contact Partnership with AWS Twitter Linkedin-in Youtube © 2025 Honorlock Inc. Exam Taker Privacy Notice Accessibility Statement FERPA Security Overview Website Privacy Policy Exam Taker Terms of Use