Hoover Institution Events Student Opportunities About Hoover About Hoover Located on the campus of Stanford University and in Washington, DC, the Hoover Institution is the nation’s preeminent research center dedicated to generating policy ideas that promote economic prosperity, national security, and democratic governance. Learn More The Hoover Story Hoover Timeline & History Mission Statement Vision of the Institution Today Key Focus Areas Topics Who we are About our Fellows Leadership Research Programs Annual Reports Overseers Hoover in DC News Events Contact Us Careers Fellowship Opportunities Visit Hoover David and Joan Traitel Building & Rental Information Newsletter Subscriptions Connect With Us Student Opportunities Fellows Fellows Hoover scholars form the Institution’s core and create breakthrough ideas aligned with our mission and ideals. What sets Hoover apart from all other policy organizations is its status as a center of scholarly excellence, its locus as a forum of scholarly discussion of public policy, and its ability to bring the conclusions of this scholarship to a public audience. View All Fellows Featured Fellows Paola Sapienza Steven J. Davis Timothy Garton Ash Scott W. Atlas David L. Leal View All Research Programs Overview Economic Policy Group History Lab Applied History Working Group Hoover Education Success Initiative National Security Task Force National Security, Technology & Law Working Group Middle East and the Islamic World Working Group Military History/Contemporary Conflict Working Group Renewing Indigenous Economies Project State & Local Governance Strengthening US-India Relations Technology, Economics, and Governance Working Group Taiwan in the Indo-Pacific Region View All Featured Work Read More Books by Hoover Fellows Read More Economics Working Papers Read More Hoover Education Success Initiative | The Papers Fellowship Opportunities Overview Hoover Fellows Program National Fellows Program Student Fellowship Program Veteran Fellowship Program Congressional Fellowship Program Media Fellowship Program Silas Palmer Fellowship Economic Fellowship Program test Research Research Throughout our over one-hundred-year history, our work has directly led to policies that have produced greater freedom, democracy, and opportunity in the United States and the world. Learn More Focus Areas Overview Determining America’s Role in the World Answering Challenges to Advanced Economies Empowering State and Local Governance Revitalizing History Confronting and Competing with China Revitalizing American Institutions Reforming K-12 Education Understanding the Effects of Technology on Economics and Governance Topics Overview Economics Education Energy & Environment Health Care History Immigration International Affairs Key Countries / Regions Law & Policy Politics & Public Opinion Science & Technology Security & Defense State & Local Publications Books by Fellows Essays Published Works by Fellows Working Papers Congressional Testimony Hoover Press PERIODICALS Eureka Strategika The Caravan Research Programs Overview Economic Policy History Lab Applied History Working Group Hoover Education Global Policy & Strategy Middle East and the Islamic World Military History & Contemporary Conflict Renewing Indigenous Economies State and Local Governance Strengthening US-India Relations Technology Policy Accelerator Taiwan in the Indo-Pacific Region US, China, and the World View All test Commentary Commentary Hoover scholars offer analysis of current policy challenges and provide solutions on how America can advance freedom, peace, and prosperity. Learn More Focus Areas Overview Answering Challenges to Advanced Economies Determining America’s Role in the World Empowering State and Local Governance Revitalizing History Confronting and Competing with China Revitalizing American Institutions Reforming K-12 Education Understanding the Effects of Technology on Economics and Governance Topics Overview Economics Education Energy & Environment Health Care History Immigration International Affairs Key Countries / Regions Law & Policy Politics & Public Opinion Science & Technology Security & Defense State & Local Publications Overview China Global Sharp Power Weekly Alert Email newsletters Hoover Daily Report Subscription to Email Alerts Periodicals California on Your Mind Defining Ideas Hoover Digest View All Multimedia Overview Video Series Uncommon Knowledge Today's Battlegrounds GoodFellows PolicyEd Hoover Events Capital Conversations Hoover Book Club View All AUDIO PODCASTS Matters of Policy & Politics Economics, Applied EconTalk Free Speech Unmuted Secrets of Statecraft China Considered Capitalism and Freedom in the 21st Century Frontline Voices View All test Library & Archives Support Hoover Support Hoover Learn more about joining the community of supporters and scholars working together to advance Hoover’s mission and values. Learn More Events Student Opportunities MyHoover MyHoover What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org . In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Create Account Log In to MyHoover Sign in with Google Your Email Password Forgot Password? Log In Forgot Password Login? Recover MyHoover MyHoover What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org . In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Create Account Log In to MyHoover Your Email Password Forgot Password? Log In Don't have an account? Sign up OR Sign in with Google Have questions? Contact us Forgot Password Login? Recover Support Hoover Support Hoover Learn more about joining the community of supporters and scholars working together to advance Hoover’s mission and values. Learn More Support the Mission of the Hoover Institution Subscribe to the Hoover Daily Report Follow Hoover on Social Media Make a Gift Your gift helps advance ideas that promote a free society. Donate Now Featuring Articles Can The Dark Ages Return? Articles Nothing Fails Like Prohibition Articles Unwitting Victims news Bio-Partisanship And Leadership At Launch Of Congressional Biotechnology Caucus Articles Christian “Resurrection” In Islamic Iran? Podcasts New Year, New Beginnings: William Damon On Finding A More Purposeful Life Articles Trump’s Western Hemisphere Pivot Is Real Articles Make American Healthcare Competitive Again Podcasts Matteo Maggiori On China, Geoeconomics And Exchange Rates event From Press To Protest To Prison:  Jimmy Lai And The End Of Hong Kong Freedom /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoA_RAW_0.mp4 /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoB_RAW%20.mp4 /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoC_RAW_0.mp4 Welcome to the HOOVER INSTITUTION Seeking to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind. Learn More . Hoover in 2025: Bringing Together Expertise and Leadership to Confront America’s Challenges . Ideas Advancing Freedom in 2025: The Scholarship of the Hoover Institution During a Pivotal Year in Public Policy . What Hoover Thinks You Should Read from 2025 . The Hoover Institution Library & Archives Year in Review 2025 Hoover Institution 2025 Annual Report The Hoover Institution is pleased to release its 2025 Annual Report, Why American Leadership Matters , which highlights how Hoover advanced impactful research addressing the most pressing challenges facing the United States and the world. The Year In Review Featured For You View More . Videos Why Condoleezza Rice Says We’re Not In A New Cold War Hoover Institution Director Condoleezza Rice discusses why the US needs to “run hard and run fast” and win the tech race with China. She also explains why executives can no longer afford to think of foreign policy as separate from strategy. featuring Condoleezza Rice via
			WSJ Podcasts . Articles Biosecurity Really: A Strategy for Victory Current trends make clear that biosecurity will become much more challenging over the next several years. We must act strategically to secure biology—before it becomes a general-purpose technology. Drawing on decades of experience and the knowledge of dozens of subject matter experts, Biosecurity Really offers a forward-looking analysis of how global trends and technologies are reshaping the biosecurity landscape, and actionable steps we can take to respond. By Drew Endy , Sarah Moront , Vassilis Andrea Alexopoulos , Raj Patel , Rhea Jain , Britney Bennett via Hoover Institution Press . Videos Teaching Gorbachev Capitalism: Powell, Rice, And Boskin Discuss George Shultz, The Economist interview with Condoleezza Rice , Michael J. Boskin , Jerome Powell via Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson . Articles The American Civic Education Ecosystem: A Landscape Analysis By Connor Begovich , Karina Kloos , Thomas Schnaubelt via Hoover Institution Press . Articles Can Talking Politics Get You Fired? By Eugene Volokh via
		Freedom Frequency . Books The Arsenal Of Democracy: Technology, Industry, And Deterrence In An Age Of Hard Choices By Eyck Freymann , Harry Halem via Hoover Institution Press What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org . In a few easy steps,
              create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Log In to MyHoover Email Address Password Forgot Password? Log In Don't have an account? Sign up OR Sign in with Google Have questions? Contact us Forgot Password Login? Recover The Hoover Institution Presents A New Substack Freedom Frequency Discover Hoover’s new platform for those who want more than headlines. The Freedom Frequency draws on the expertise of the Hoover fellowship, delivering clear, timely analysis and solutions that strengthen American liberty, leadership, and institutions. Stay informed, inspired, and connected. Subscribe Today . Drew Endy: Why The United States Must Fall In Love With Biotechnology, Or Take A Back Seat To China interview with Drew Endy via
		The Bio Report . The Pandemic In Perspective: US Learning Losses In The Twenty-First Century By Eric Hanushek via Hoover Education Success Initiative | The Papers . China Refocuses Its Science And Technology Ecosystem On Innovation And Security Edited By Glenn Tiffert , Kevin Gamache via Hoover Institution Press . The Arsenal Of Democracy: Technology, Industry, And Deterrence In An Age Of Hard Choices By Eyck Freymann , Harry Halem via Hoover Institution Press . The Party's Interests Come First: The Life of Xi Zhongxun, Father Of Xi Jinping By Joseph Torigian via
		Stanford University Press . A Deep Peek Into DeepSeek AI’s Talent And Implications For US Innovation By Amy Zegart , Emerson Johnston via Hoover Institution Press . Medicare Drug Price Regulation: Small Savings, Large Innovation Losses By John F. Cogan , Daniel Heil , Casey B. Mulligan via Hoover Institution Press . Sanctions As A Tool Of Economic Statecraft: Designing, Integrating, And Implementing To Advance Vital Interests By H.R. McMaster , Leopoldo López , Fiona Clunan , Thomas Johnstone via Hoover Institution Press . Crisis Cycle: Challenges, Evolution, And Future Of The Euro By John H. Cochrane via
		Mariner Books . A Nation At Risk +40 Edited By Margaret (Macke) Raymond , Steve Bowen via
		Hoover Institution . China Refocuses Its Science And Technology Ecosystem On Innovation And Security Edited By Glenn Tiffert , Kevin Gamache via Hoover Institution Press 2026 Fellowship Opportunities Applications are now open for the 2026 Hoover Fellowship Programs with opportunities for early- to mid-career scholars. For more information on the Hoover Fellows program and National Fellows program, click the links below. . Hoover Fellow Program . National Fellows Program Commentary on the News Articles Myths And Facts About National Defense via Hoover Daily Report Articles The Ghost Of An Election Past By Bill Whalen via Defining Ideas learn more news Six Hoover Institution Fellows Invested into American Academy of Sciences and Letters Six Hoover Institution fellows were invested as members of the American Academy of Sciences and Letters on November 12, reflecting the breadth of Hoover scholarship across fields including history… mentioning Jennifer Burns , Steven J. Davis , Dan Edelstein , Stephen Haber , Stephen Kotkin , Sir Niall Ferguson , Paul E. Peterson via Hoover Daily Report Articles The Truth About Trump’s National Security Strategy By Sir Niall Ferguson via
		The Free Press Articles AI’s Political Architecture By Andrew B. Hall via
		Free Systems Articles Digital Crimefighting And The Frontiers Of The Law interview with Orin S. Kerr via Defining Ideas Core Institutional Priorities View More Featured Fellows View More Paola Sapienza J-P Conte Family Senior Fellow Steven J. Davis Thomas W. and Susan B. Ford Senior Fellow | Director of Research Timothy Garton Ash Senior Fellow (adjunct) Scott W. Atlas Robert Wesson Senior Fellow David L. Leal Senior Fellow (adjunct) Featured Work: Articles America's Exorbitant Privilege The United States has enjoyed an extraordinary competitive advantage in the global economy: our ability to attract the world’s most talented and ambitious individuals. This isn’t an accident of history—it’s the result of what I call America’s exorbitant privilege in the global talent market. October 27, 2025 By Paola Sapienza via
		Freedom Frequency Featured Work: Videos Inflation: A View From The FOMC Inflation is persistently too high, but the Fed cut its policy interest rate five times in the past 14 months. Why? Steven Davis asks FOMC member Jeffrey Schmid. November 24, 2025 interview with Steven J. Davis , Jeffrey Schmid via Economics, Applied Featured Work: Articles My Guide To Populist-Proofing Your Democracy... How can we defend our democracies against those who would destroy them? We talk a lot about strategies for keeping anti-liberal, nationalist populists out of power, but Donald Trump’s daily wielding of a wrecking ball shows that it’s equally important to reinforce your democracy so it can withstand a period of populists in power. November 29, 2025 By Timothy Garton Ash via
		History of the Present Featured Work: Videos Scott Atlas: Harmeet Dhillon | How The Trump DOJ Is Dismantling Campus DEI And Censorship | Ep. 60 Hoover Institution fellow Dr. Scott Atlas welcomes back Harmeet Dhillon, Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in the Department of Justice, to discuss the important work being done in the Trump administration regarding civil rights and freedom in America today. November 25, 2025 interview with Scott W. Atlas via
		The Independent with Scott Atlas Featured Work: Articles Did Latinos Reject the Republicans or Move with the Mainstream? A careful look at recent elections suggests neither party should take them for granted. November 18, 2025 By David L. Leal via Defining Ideas FEATURED PUBLICATIONS View More learn more Strategika An online journal that analyzes ongoing issues of national security in light of conflicts of the past. Read More learn more Articles Artificial Intelligence And The Future Of War By Brad Boyd via Strategika learn more Articles Regulating New Weapons: Lessons For The Age Of AI By Lena Trabucco via Strategika learn more The Caravan The Caravan is a quarterly publication on the contemporary dilemmas of the Greater Middle East Read More learn more Articles Christians Under Assault By Russell A. Berman via The Caravan learn more Articles Christian “Resurrection” In Islamic Iran? By Abbas Milani via The Caravan learn more California on Your Mind Analysis, politics, and the economics of the Golden State Read More learn more Articles California In 2025: Another Bad Year Of Governance By Lee Ohanian via California on Your Mind learn more Articles California Politics In 2025: A “Bully” Pulpit Indeed By Bill Whalen via California on Your Mind More Videos & Podcasts Are We Doing This Again? Andrew Ross Sorkin On “1929” And The GoodFellows On 2025 Nearly a century ago, after years of investors on a champagne high and warning signs ignored, a stock market crash led to a descent into a global depression. Watch Video Does The First Amendment Protect Supposedly “Addictive” Algorithms? Can the government regulate social media features because they are “addictive”? Watch Video How iPhones Built A Superpower With Patrick McGee Elizabeth Economy talks with Patrick McGee about his book, Apple in China. Watch Video Israel's Wars And Prospects For Peace In The Middle East Zohar Palti discusses Israel’s security posture after the October 7 attacks, evaluates the strategic lessons of the war in Gaza, Lebanon, the West Bank, and beyond, and considers the implications of the war and the Trump-brokered peace agreement for Israel, the broader Middle East, and global security. Watch Video Library & Archives View More . A World-Class Library & Archives Founded by Herbert Hoover in 1919, the Hoover Institution Library & Archives is home to some of the world's most renowned collections documenting war, revolution, peace, and political, economic, and social change in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Free and open to all, discover how to search the collections, arrange a research visit, or explore exhibitions by clicking below. Learn More Learn More Exhibitions | Now On View The exhibitions Un-Presidented: Watergate and Power in America (February 12–August 11, 2024) and Hoover@100: Ideas Defining A Century (ongoing) are open and free to all visitors to Hoover Tower, at the heart of Stanford University campus. Learn More Learn More Research Services Planning an onsite visit to the reading room? Conducting your research from afar? Staff are ready to connect you with the most relevant materials through reference consultations, assisting with registration and material requests, digitization, and more. Learn More The Collections Acquiring, preserving, and making accessible collections of enduring value, including more than one million library volumes and over six thousand archival collections. Digital First Initiative Our aim is to make full archival collections accessible to researchers around the world through the digitization of textual, graphical, sound, and moving-image materials. Engagement & Outreach Building connections to our collections by sparking curiosity in audiences interested in the meaning and role of history through exhibitions, classes, tours, and special programing. Poll As 2025 has but a few days left, the year’s neglected story is Choices Congressional retirements/anti-incumbent sentiment in 2026 Australia’s social media ban – free speech vs. children’s health Germany’s rearmament, re-creating Europe’s strongest army A question of women “leaning out” of workplace advancement The world’s first drugs targeting the KRAS gene, cancer tumors Whether the interstellar 3/I Atlas could be an alien spaceship On Join the Hoover Institution’s community of supporters in ideas advancing freedom. Support With its eminent scholars and world-renowned library and archives, the Hoover Institution seeks to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind. Visit Visit Visit Visit Key Site Sections About Hoover Research Commentary Fellows Library & Archives Support Hoover Search Quick Links Student Opportunities News Events Contact Us Hoover Daily Report Hoover Press Accessibility Hoover Daily Report Subscribe for insights on the most pressing policy issues impacting you. The opinions expressed on this website are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Hoover Institution or Stanford University. © 2025 by the Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University. Privacy Policy Sitemap (XML) Up