Welcome to HORIBA Search English Global Products Mobility Energy and Environment Industrial Process and Environment Life Science Healthcare Materials Semiconductor Scientific and Analytical Instruments Water & Liquid All products from A to Z Applications Arts, Entertainment and Recreation Art Conservation Museums, Historical Sites and Similar Institutions Biopharma and Pharma Biotechnology and Biomedical Cosmetics Education, R&D and Government Institutions Universities Research and Testing Laboratories Energy Solutions Why HORIBA Hydrogen Energy Global Initiatives Global Trends and Strategies toward Carbon Neutrality Fuel Cell Evaluation FCEV / FCV Evaluation Stationary Fuel Cells Sintering and Reduction Test Station Evaluation of Hydrogen and Ammonia Engine / Gas Turbine for Power Generation Hydrogen Station Evaluation Water Electrolysis Evaluation Hydrogen Production Evaluation Energy Usage Optimization Energy Management System Environmental Impact Assessment (LCA and GHG Protocol) Battery Manufacturing/Recycling CO2 Capture and Carbon Resource Circulation Reduce Direct Carbon Capture Carbon Resource Circulation Coal and Consumable Fuels Electric Utilities Energy Fuel Oil Environmental Countermeasures Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturing Petrochemicals Photovoltaics Oil and Gas RoHS and ELV Food and Beverage Healthcare Industrials Battery Commercial and Professional Services Gas mass flow control and measurement for reference value of PM2.5 measurement Construction & Engineering Electrical Equipment Machinery Information Technology Semiconductors 2D Materials Graphene Photovoltaics Display Technologies Data Storage Nanomaterials Semiconductor Manufacturing Process Technology Hardware and Equipment Materials Carbon Polymers and Composites Raw Materials for Semiconductors Metals Minerals Corrosion Ceramics Glass Chemicals Chemical Manufacturing Construction Materials Containers and Packaging Paper, Forest Products and Manufacturing Material Research Photovoltaics Forensic Science Mobility and Transportation Automotive Manufacturing Engine, Turbine and Power Transmission Equipment Manufacturing Real Driving Emissions Intelligent Lab Marine Waste Management Solid Waste Management and Remediation Services Water Waste Management and Remediation Services Waste Water and Soil Analysis Waste Water Treatment and Disposal Plastic Waste Water Drinking Water Utilities Water Reuse Water Testing Technology Elemental Analysis Energy Dispersive X-ray Fluorescence (ED-XRF) What is X-ray Fluorescence (XRF)? What is X-ray Fluorescence Spectroscopy (micro-XRF)? XRF Key Components XRF Analysis XRF Articles HORIBA XRF Analyzers Glow Discharge Optical Emission Spectroscopy Glow Discharge Optical Emission Spectroscopy Sample Measurement with GDOES Sample Test and Analysis Comparison with Other Techniques: Surface Analysis Comparison with Other Techniques: Bulk Analysis Instrument Introduction Benefits and Features of Pulsed RF GDOES Join the GD Community Bibliography Inductively Coupled Plasma - Optical Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-OES) Inductively Coupled Plasma - Optical Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-OES) Scientific ICP Spectrometers Applications for ICP-OES ICP-OES and other techniques Principles and Theory Instrumentation Excitation Source Dispersive System Detection Systems Used with ICP-OES Performances in ICP-OES Carbon/Sulfur & Oxygen/Nitrogen/Hydrogen Analysis Health Care Multi Distribution Sampling System (MDSS) Reticulocytes Analysis CBC + CRP Slide Production Automatic Rerun Absorbance Fluorescence Flow cytometry Impedance / Resistivity Sedimentation Spectrophotometry Potentiometry INR screening Clotting Turbidimetric Chromogenic Particle Analysis Dynamic Light Scattering (DLS) Particle Size Distribution Analysis Molecular Weight Nanoparticle Tracking Analysis Static Light Scattering (SLS) / Laser Diffraction Particle Size Distribution Analysis Zeta Potential Centrifugal Sedimentation Fluid Control Vaporization of Critical Process Chemistries Coriolis Flowmetry Thermal Mass Flowmetry Mass Spectrometry Quadrupole Mass Spectrometry Microscopy and Imaging AFM-Raman AFM-Raman What is Tip Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy? What information does TERS provide? How does enhancement of the Raman signal occur in TERS? What are the TERS instrumental configurations? What are the TERS tips materials and morphology? What kind of substrates can be probed with TERS? What is the SPM feedback used for TERS? What is the spatial resolution of TERS? What is the definition of TERS Enhancement factor? What is nonlinear TERS? What are the degradation issues and artifacts in TERS? What are the main TERS applications in Materials Sciences? What are the main Life Sciences TERS applications? References Products Atomic Force Microscopy [AFM] Cathodoluminescence Image Analysis of Particles Micro X-ray Fluorescence Raman Microscopy Physisorption Surface Area Spectroscopy Cathodoluminescence Spectroscopy Cathodoluminescence Spectroscopy Electron Microscope SEM, ESEM, SEM-FIB, (S)TEM EM Add-on detector SEM-Cathodoluminescence (SEM-CL) AFM-Raman Detectors Detectors What is a CCD Detector? What is an EMCCD Detector? How to Select a CCD Camera for Spectroscopic Applications Wavelength and Pixel Position Spectroscopy Detector Products Scientific CCD Camera Products 50 years of Diffraction Gratings Diffraction Gratings Ruled and Holographic Fluorescence Spectroscopy Fluorescence Spectroscopy Principles and Theory of Fluorescence Spectroscopy What is the Jablonski Diagram? What is a Fluorescence Measurement? Steady State Fluorescence Techniques What is Fluorescence Anisotropy or Fluorescence Polarization? What are Luminescence Quantum Yields? What is Ratiometric Fluorescence? What is an Excitation Emission Matrix (EEM)? What is A-TEEM spectroscopy? What is Singlet Oxygen? How to Calculate Signal to Noise Ratio Fluorescence Lifetime Techniques Products Using Fluorescence Spectroscopy Quantum Cascade Laser (QCL) Spectroscopy Optical Hardware Concentration Calculation Algorithm Application Fields Raman Imaging and Spectroscopy Raman Spectroscopy History of Raman Spectroscopy Application field Comparison with other techniques Raman analysis Recording spectral images and profiles Description: Combined/hybrid/hyphenated Raman system Confocal Raman microscopy Raman Spectrometer Presentation How the technique is used Raman Image Gallery Related Products Spectrometers and Monochromators Monochromator System Optics Bandpass and Resolution Order, Resolution, and Dispersion Choosing a Monochromator/ Spectrograph Spectrometer Throughput and Etendue Optical Signal to Noise Ratio and Stray Light Entrance Optics Spectrometer, Spectrograph and Monochromator Products Spectroscopic Ellipsometry Spectroscopic Ellipsometry Advantages Instrumentation Measurement Techniques Data Analysis Cauchy dispersion module Products Vacuum Ultra Violet Spectroscopy Vacuum Ultra Violet Spectroscopy VUV technology High Vacuum (HV), Ultra High Vacuum (UHV), gas purge Light sources in VUV VUV system: Detector Aberration References - Articles X-ray Fluorescence Surface Plasmon Resonance Surface Plasmon Resonance imaging Surface Plasmon Resonance Imaging (SPRi) Brief History of the Technique SPR Measurements, Application Field and Comparison with Other Techniques The Basics of Label-free Biomolecular Interactions Instrument Presentation How SPRi is Used Key Accessories. Sensorchips. Surface Chemistry How are the Molecules Immobilized on the biochip? Conclusion & Bibliography Service Analysis Services Analysis Centers and Services EMC Analysis Service Calibration and Certification Customer Support HORIBA Medical Documentation Database Medical Customer Support On-Site Support Software Support Spare Parts and Consumables Testing and Consulting Automotive Testing Centers Training Product Training Scientific Product Training Automotive Product Training Medical Product Training Technology Training Company About HORIBA Home Message Company Profile Corporate Motto and Philosophy Code of Ethics Our Future (Vision, Mission, Values) Corporate Governance Board of Directors Culture History 1945–1960s 1970s 1980s 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s HORIBA Report Technical Journal "Readout" Readout No. E58 - Analysis and Measurement Technologies that Contribute to the Development of Next Generation Semiconductor Devices Readout No. E57 - HORIBA’s Initiatives in the Next-Generation Energy and Environment Fields Readout No. E56 - Analytical Solutions in Megatrends Readout No. E55 - 2021 Masao Horiba Awards - Spectroscopic analysis and measurement technology in the life science field Readout No. E54 - Microplastics and Nanoplastics: Analysis and Method Development Masao Horiba Awards Research Articles Readout No. E53 - 2019 Masao Horiba Awards - Advanced Analytical and Measurement Technologies for Efficient Control System to Maximize the Performance of Electric Power and Batteries Usage Readout No. E52 - Green Innovation for Marine Shipping Industry Readout No. E51 - 2018 Masao Horiba Awards Advanced analytical and measurement technologies in semiconductor manufacturing processes Readout No. E50 - Low-Carbon Society and Environmental Improvement Readout No. E49 - Photonic Instrumentation in Life Science Readout No. E48 - Water Measurement Experts Readout No. E47 - Application for Semiconductor Manufacturing Process Readout No. E46 - New Development for Automotive Test Systems Readout No. E45 - Application Technology in Analysis Readout No. E44 - Contribution of Diagnostics to Total Medical Care/Healthcare Readout No. E43 - Watching the Environmental and Society with Measurements Readout No. E42 - More Efficient Testing on Automotive Development, Improving the Accuracy of Fuel Consumption Measurement Readout No. E41 - Application Readout No. E40 - Application Readout No. E18 - EUROPE Readout No. E17 - AMERICA Readout No. E16 - Chinese (Asia) Readout No. E15 - Technologies for HORIBA STEC Readout No. E14 - Masao HORIBA Awards"Measurement of Bioparticles" and "Measurement of Internal Combustion" Readout No. E13 - Technologies for Automotive Testing Readout No. E12 - Masao Horiba Awards "X-ray Analysis Technology" Readout No. E11 - The Second Masao Horiba Awards Readout No. E10 - Environmental Analysis Technologies for the Management of Global Environment and the Development of Industry Readout No. E09 - The First Dr.Masao Horiba's Award and the 50th Anniversary Products Readout No. E08 - Products and Technologies of HORIBA ABX Readout No. E07 - Products and Technologies of Jobin Yvon HORIBA Group Readout No. E06 - 50th Anniversary of HORIBA, Ltd. Products and Technology of HORIBA Group Readout No. E05 - Semiconductor Instruments Readout No. E04 - Hematology Instruments Readout No. E03 - Paticulate Matter Readout No. E02 - The Technology Alliance for X-ray Analysis Readout No. E01 - the Analysis of the Global Environment Group Companies Virtual Patent Marking HORIBA Talk Events Career Investor Relations Home Investor Relations News IR Library Financial Statements Presentation Materials HORIBA Report Message from the CEO Mid-Long Term Management Plan Stock Information Shareholders Meeting Other IR Information Investor Relations Calendar Disclaimer Investor Relations Contact News Sustainability Sustainability Topics Message Sustainable Management Policy and Promotion System Integrated Management System Health and Productivity UN Global Compact HORIBARIANs HORIBARIANs Human Rights and Labor Management Development of HORIBARIANs Empowerment of Diverse HORIBARIANs Occupational safety and health Environment Environment Environmental Management Climate Action Reduction of Environmental Impact Actions for RoHS Directive, REACH Regulation and GHS Regulations Eco-Friendly Products Social Social Quality Material Procurement Social Activities Governance Governance Corporate Governance Internal Controls Compliance Promotion Systems Code of Ethics Risk Management HORIBA and the SDGs HR and ESG related Data HORIBA Report Editing Policy Contact Contact Form Worldwide Locations Country / Region Change Contact us Find us Explore the future Welcome to HORIBA The HORIBA Group of worldwide companies provides an extensive array of instruments and systems for applications ranging from automotive R&D, process and environmental monitoring, in-vitro medical diagnostics, semiconductor manufacturing and metrology, to a broad range of scientific R&D and QC measurements. Proven quality and trustworthy performance have established widespread confidence in the HORIBA Brand. Mobility Innovative applications and insights, advanced automotive validation and verification technologies and equipment, and ongoing guidance and consultation Energy and Environment Advancing a sustainable environment through our integrated solutions across sectors such as energy, environment, water, and industrial processes Life Science Innovative analytical and automation solutions combining state-of-the-art optical, electrochemical, and X-ray technologies with core competencies in sampling, engineering and data science Healthcare In vitro diagnostic systems for the needs of various users including patients, doctors, private laboratories, clinics, and university hospitals Materials Analytical instruments, integrated solutions, and consulting services to understand material properties across industries such as chemistry, energy, automotive, electronics and life sciences Semiconductor Integrated solutions to the value chains from Semiconductor manufacturing process control and material analysis, to facility monitoring and management We develop solutions that go beyond just products Find out further solutions and applications from various aspects. Custom Spectroscopy Solutions Scientific discovery doesn’t always follow traditional pathways. The Optical Spectroscopy Division custom configures spectrometers, monochromators, microspectroscopy, CCD’s and other instruments for fluorescence spectroscopy and other R&D and QC applications. More Scientific and Analytical Instruments High-performance scientific instruments and analytical solutions for life sciences, material sciences, water, energy, and many other applications More OEM Solutions for Spectroscopy and Imaging HORIBA is a leader in OEM spectroscopy and imaging solutions, offering customizable, high-performance components like gratings, spectrometers, and cameras. We deliver scalable, tailored solutions from VUV to NIR to meet next-gen industrial needs. More Latest News HORIBA Technical Reports "Readout" No.59 is published 12/26/2025 | Technical Reports In recent years, with changes in the global environment, there has been growing interest in sustainable development in various industries, and the… Read more Kyoto University Professor Susumu Kitagawa Awarded the 2025 Nobel… 12/15/2025 | Press Release The HORIBA Group sincerely congratulates Distinguished Professor Susumu Kitagawa, Executive Vice-President of Kyoto University, on being awarded the… Read more Chronic Myeloid Leukemia - Hematology Clinical Case "Chase the Case"… 12/15/2025 This month's clinical case features Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML). See how HORIBA Yumizen analyzers detect blasts, basophilia, and immature… Read more HORIBA UK launches new philanthropic initiative to advance scientific… 11/25/2025 HORIBA UK proudly announces the launch of the HORIBA Foundation UK, its new philanthropic arm dedicated to advancing scientific research and… Read more HORIBA MIRA and TIER IV Collaborate to Fuel Autonomous Driving… 11/25/2025 | Press Release HORIBA will continue to support a wide range of initiatives to advance and promote the social implementation of autonomous driving technologies,… Read more Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia - Hematology Clinical Case "Chase the… 11/19/2025 This month's clinical case features a 6 year-old patient diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. Explore the detailed hematology test results and… Read more HORIBA’s Gas and Liquid Analysis and Measurement Instruments Adopted… 11/17/2025 | Press Release Supporting a Clean Energy Demonstration Facility Read more HORIBA UK Wins Gold for Corporate Social Responsibility at National… 11/10/2025 HORIBA UK is proud to announce that it has won the Gold Award in the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) category at the prestigious SME National… Read more HORIBA Veloci™ BioPharma Analyzer Recognized Among Analytical… 11/05/2025 HORIBA is proud to announce that the Veloci™ BioPharma Analyzer has been selected by The Analytical Scientist as one of its Top 10 Most Innovative… Read more Upcoming Events Traceability in Correlative Microscopy: From Fiducial Alignment to… 01/22/2026 | Event You are invited to register for our new webinar: Thursday, January 22nd, at 9 AM (GMT); 10 AM (CET), or at 4 PM (GMT); 5 PM (CET) Read more SIAT 2026 01/28/2026 - 01/30/2026 | Pune, India | Event Meet the experts of HORIBA at the 19th Edition of SIAT 2026 to discuss on the solutions which caters to the Automotive industry. Read more WHX Dubai 2026 02/10/2026 - 02/13/2026 | Dubai World Trade Centre HORIBA at WHX Dubai 2026 Formerly Medlab Middle East As a trusted partner in in-vitro diagnostic solutions , HORIBA provides comprehensive systems… Read more MEORGA Vienna 2026 04/15/2026 - 04/15/2026 | Vienna, Austria | Exhibition Meet the experts of HORIBA at MEORGA Vienna 2026, the trade show focusing on measurement, control, and regulation technology. Read more IFAT 2026 05/04/2026 - 05/07/2026 | Munich, Germany | Conference Meet the experts of HORIBA at IFAT Munich 2026 and experience the world's leading trade show for water, sewage, waste and raw materials management. Read more MEORGA Bochum 2026 05/06/2026 - 05/06/2026 | Bochum, Germany | Exhibition Meet the experts of HORIBA at MEORGA Bochum 2026, the trade show focusing on measurement, control, and regulation technology. Read more EuroBrake 2026 06/01/2026 - 06/03/2026 | Mainz, Germany | Conference Join the experts of HORIBA and visit EuroBrake 2026 (June 1-3) in Mainz (Germany), the world's largest brake technology conference. Read more MEORGA Halle 2026 06/17/2026 - 06/17/2026 | Halle, Germany | Exhibition Meet the experts of HORIBA at MEORGA Halle 2026, the trade show focusing on measurement, control, and regulation technology. Read more MEORGA Tarragona 2026 11/18/2026 - 11/18/2026 | Tarragona, Spain | Exhibition Meet the experts of HORIBA at MEORGA Tarragona 2026, the trade show focusing on measurement, control, and regulation technology. Read more HORIBA Talk 11/25/2025 Exploring the Mysteries of Space! Science Seminar: Finding Answers Through Measurement Since our founding, HORIBA has tackled social challenges by using measurement and analysis technologies, which are the essential foundation for… Read more 11/18/2025 The Fusion of “Analytical and Measurement” Technologies and Spatial Production Illuminates… The Story of "Shores: Edge of Water" Woven by HORIBA and Architects Architect and Exhibition Space Director Mr. Endo (center in photo), Project… Read more 11/14/2025 Joy & Fun for Next Generation : Empowering Thai Youth for a Sustainable Future HORIBA is passionate about fostering next-generation education and sharing the joy of measurement and analysis with youth worldwide. As part of our… Read more More Would you like to learn more about HORIBA? "Our Future" Website Hayabusa2 Project Masao Horiba Awards Expo 2025 Products All Products (A-Z) Mobility Energy and Environment Life Science Healthcare Materials Semiconductor Applications Drinking Water Utilities Automotive Manufacturing Semiconductor Manufacturing Process Research and Testing Laboratories Technology Glow Discharge Spectroscopy Pressure-based Flowmetry Quadrupole Mass Spectrometry Raman Spectroscopy Service On-Site Support Spare Parts and Consumables Company News Events Career History Corporate Culture Contact Career Contact Contact Form Worldwide Locations Investor Relations Contact Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice HORIBA Group Social Media Contact us Find us