Hoseasons | Book UK Holidays in our BIG 2026 SALE! Hoseasons reversed logo Lodges Holiday Parks Cottages Boats Inspiration Latest holiday guides Holiday collections 10 of the best wellness retreats in the UK 10 of the best lodges with covered hot tubs for year-round indulgence Our Guide to Northern Ireland Best places to stay for February half-term Best places to spend May half-term Best places to stay for summer school holidays The big dog-friendly guide to the UK Best budget-friendly family hotspots Tips for travelling with dogs Best places to stay for UK theme parks Hot tub breaks Weekend breaks Family holidays Dog-friendly holidays Group holidays Last-minute UK holiday deals See all holiday guides Explore all holiday collections Destinations Explore our destinations Most popular destinations England Scotland Wales Ayrshire Cardigan Bay Cornwall Devon Dorset Edinburgh & The Lothians Isle of Wight Lake District Lincolnshire Loch Lomond Norfolk Northumberland Peak District Pembrokeshire Scottish Highlands Snowdonia Somerset Yorkshire Help Log in Guest Log in Guest Explore Lodges Holiday Parks Boats Cottages Inspiration Latest holiday guides Holiday collections Destinations Explore our destinations Most popular destinations Support Help Trustpilot Discover UK holidays Holiday Parks Holiday Parks Holiday Parks Lodges Cottages Boat Holidays Enter destination Enter dates Enter dates 2 guests 2 guests Search THE YEAR'S BIGGEST MOMENT ANY break. ANY date. ONE unmissable sale Cosy up this Winter Make time for a last minute escape Half term made easy Book your break today from £25 *Terms and conditions apply Say hi to holidays in the UK with Hoseasons! Welcome to Hoseasons, one of the UK’s leading self-catering accommodation specialists founded in 1944 , home to over 30,000 places to stay throughout England, Scotland and Wales. Discover our impressive portfolio of lodges , holiday parks , boat holidays and cottages in thousands of locations across the UK, from dreamy coastal retreats to remote countryside hideaways. With 80 years of experience providing holiday homes to millions of customers and rated Excellent on Trustpilot , you can trust Hoseasons to help you find the perfect accommodation for your next UK break. Download our NEW app today All your holiday details, just a tap away. Anytime. Anywhere. Download the app Holiday Parks Lodges Boat Holidays Holiday Cottages Holidays exclusively from Hoseasons The Magnificent Collection Indulge in an exquisite escape from our Magnificent Collection Autograph Lodge Holidays Luxury lodges with hot tubs to fall in love with Wanderwood Lodges Escape to a woodland lodge Daisy Door Cottages & Apartments Your holiday home from home Bouja Luxury Boutique Breaks Stylish and affordable luxury Go Active Breaks New experiences, everyday adventures Evermore Lodge Holidays Designed with families in mind Starboard Boating Holidays Hoseasons' first class fleet Popular holiday collections Hot tub breaks Soak up the scenery from your private hot tub Weekend breaks Discover enchanting short breaks in the UK Dog-friendly holidays Explore the UK with your furry friend Christmas getaways Spend Christmas in a cosy lodge New Year's Eve breaks See in the New Year in style Romantic getaways Whisk your loved one away for a couples break Family holidays Book a UK escape with the kids Glamping Explore quirky & unique places to stay Spa breaks Indulge in some pampering & self-care Our top UK holiday destinations Great Yarmouth, Norfolk A quintessential British seaside resort Newquay, Cornwall A firm favourite on the Cornish coast Tenby, Wales A small & colourful Welsh town by the sea Dumfries & Galloway, Scotland A hidden gem in South West Scotland Oswestry, Shropshire An ancient market town in the heart of England Say Hi to your next UK break Discover our impressive portfolio of lodges, holiday parks and cottages in thousands of locations across the UK, from dreamy coastal retreats to remote countryside hideaways. Explore the beautiful coastlines of Cornwall and Norfolk ; dive into the breathtaking beauty of Snowdonia and the Lake District ; or soak up the historic treasures of Yorkshire and the Scottish Highlands . Whether you’re looking for a relaxing break with your partner, a celebratory trip with friends or family fun with the kids, find your perfect home away from home today with Hoseasons. Why book a UK holiday home with Hoseasons? Here are just a few of the reasons to book with us: Price match promise* - book with confidence knowing you’ve got an unbeatable price Biggest choice* - we have the biggest choice of holiday parks across the UK Low deposit booking* - secure a great price today for just £25 Last-minute deals - save up to 30%* on a last-minute UK holiday We’re proud to be rated Excellent on Trustpilot , demonstrating our commitment to providing first-class customer service. We're committed to maintaining a high standard of service to our customers by abiding by ABTA's Code of Conduct . * T&Cs Apply Discover our holiday collections for the perfect UK break From unique glamping pods and family-friendly holiday parks to luxury lodges with hot tubs and romantic coastal cottages, we cater to a range of ages, group sizes, tastes and budgets, ensuring your UK getaway is tailored to your specific needs. Find inspiration for your next holiday with our carefully curated Collections . When it comes to dog-friendly holidays , we’ve got you and your furry friend covered, as Hoseasons welcomes more than 190,000 pets every year! We’re also the home of hot tubs, with one of the largest collections of hot tub breaks in the UK. Whether you’re after a family holiday at one of our Lake District cottages, a coastal stay at one of our Cornwall holiday parks, a romantic getaway at one of our hot tub lodges in Scotland or a weekend break at one of our caravans in Wales, we’ve got the perfect accommodation for you! So, what are you waiting for? Plan your next UK holiday today with Hoseasons. Read more Explore Destinations Collections Need help? If you can’t find the information you need in the Frequently Asked Questions section, our team will be happy to assist. FAQs, help and support Partner with us Are you a holiday accommodation operator? Realise the potential of your holiday accommodation and partner with the UK’s market leader. Market through us Book with confidence We're committed to maintaining a high standard of service to our customers by abiding by ABTA's Code of Conduct Membership numbers L4801 Read full details Company About Hoseasons About Awaze Cookie policy Security and privacy Terms of use Modern Slavery Statement Sitemap Customer information Booking Conditions & important information Inspiration Holiday Guides Our collections Our breaks Discounts & offers Last-minute UK holidays Partners Travel agents login Market through us Let your cottage Part of Awaze logo Hoseasons is a trading name of Awaze Vacation Rentals Ltd. Registered in England and Wales. Company Registration Number: 00965389. VAT Registration Number: GB 598 22 99 77. Trinity House, Riverside Road, Lowestoft, Suffolk, NR33 0SW, United Kingdom . Awaze Vacation Rentals Ltd t/a Hoseasons is an appointed representative of ITC Compliance Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (their registration number is 313486) and which is permitted to advise on and arrange general insurance contracts as an intermediary. Terms and Conditions*