HostLegends - Unlimited Cloud Hosting | VPS & Dedicated Servers Skip to content Special Hosting cPanel Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Magento Hosting Servers VPS Hosting For Resellers Login Navigation Menu Navigation Menu Special Hosting cPanel Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Magento Hosting Servers VPS Hosting For Resellers Stop Choosing Between Affordability And Performance Get The Unlimited Cloud Hosting Or VPS Servers You Want - For A Price You'll Love Start your free trail Learn More Wordwide Customers 0 + Servers Running 0 + Years In Business 0 + Servers Built for Scale & Performance Award Winning Human Customer Support Global Availability - 6 Regions, 9 Locations 99.996% Uptime over the Last 12 Months ISO Certified Quality Since 2018 Web Hosting Services For Business of All Sizes at Scale Unlimited Cloud Hosting UltraFast and secure nVME SSD based hosting for small and medium sites and businesses. Starting at: $4.99/mo View Plans Cloud VPS​ The most powerful VPS servers with the Best Price-to-Performance Ratio Starting at: $10/mo View Plans Reseller Hosting Get a trusted hosting partner that gives you the tools needed to resell hosting and manage multiple sites easily Starting at: $36.99/mo View Plans Woocommerce Hosting​ Boost your business with our optimized Woocommerce hosting built for fast loading and performance cache. Starting at: $11.99/mo Dedicated Hosting​ Powerful, low price bare metal with 100% resource allocation so you can do more for less. Starting at: $99.99/mo WordPress Hosting The WordPress Hosting on Steroids. Manage your WordPress sites easily and with more freedom and full control. Starting at: $6.99/mo Magento Hosting​ You can’t underrate the power of our Magento web hosting in terms of performance and scalability. Starting at: $19.99/mo Cloud VDS Cloud VDS is our special arrangement that combines the power of VPS and Dedicated Servers so that you can run the most intensive compute workloads. Starting at: $80/mo Storage VPS​ Fast SSD Storage VPS for Less Get GB’s Of VPS Storage for all types of use cases  or to host any application or project, and it’s a great fit. Starting at: $20/mo The most Powerful VPS Hosting in 2023 Servers that exceeds your imagination, high-class performance, affordability. Full root access to user | Choice of OS & Applications and Near-instant Provisioning. HL VPS - S vCPU RAM Traffic Storage Price Best for Static Websites & Small applications or testing. 1 2 GB 5 TB 40 GB SSD $10/mo Order Now HL VPS - M vCPU RAM Traffic Storage Price Best for Dynamic Websites & Medium sized Applications. 2 4 GB 5 TB 80 GB SSD $20/mo Order Now HL VPS - L vCPU RAM Traffic Storage Price Great for multiple wordpress sites, apps and Intermediate applications. 2 6GB Unlimited 120 GB SSD $30/mo Order Now HL VPS - XL (Heavily Discounted) vCPU RAM Traffic Storage Price Powerful Compute Instance for Scalable applications and resources. 4 8GB Unlimited 160 GB SSD $35/mo Order Now HL VPS - 2XL vCPU RAM Traffic Storage Price Our most Powerful Compute Instance for large applications and sites. 6 12 GB Unlimited 240 GB SSD $50/mo Order Now More Computing Power for Less It’s really hard to beat our prices and specifications! $35/month Cloud VPS XL – 4 vCPU, 8 GB RAM, 160 GB SSD, Unlimited Traffic $40.00/month SSD Cloud Instance – 4 vCPU, 8 GB RAM, 160 GB SSD, 4 TB Traffic $40.00/month Shared CPU – 4 vCPU, 8 GB RAM, 90 GB SSD, 6TB Traffic $49.00/month Basic Droplet – 4 vCPU, 8GB RAM, 160 GB SSD, 5 TB Traffic The List is estimated Comparison Prices and does include TAXES and are best to our Knowledge at the time of Comparison. All logos and trademarks are property of their respective owners. Reasons Behind Our Low Prices Right Hardware Choice We have perfected the hardware and performance to price ratio and have picked the right infrastructure of our clients with battle tested servers. This way we can be sure that purchased hardware will be long-lasting and inexpensive to operate which translates directly into our ability to offer low prices. Scalability & Confidence Our prices are low because of our in-house prices, hardware and team. There are bigger cloud companies than us, but we have our own hardware platform in all Data Centers around the world. Thanks to our Cloud engineers who are able to get better discounts on purchases and we can pass on savings to our customers. Performance Optimization We use our in-built optimization scripts and codes to manage the load performance metrics on our servers. We not only offer stable performance for all our customers but we optimize our resources to reduce waste and offer better pricing. No Luxury Culture We believe in Lean culture and customer savings. So, our offices are simple and minimal with no expensive stuff.  This way, we are not just profitable but also proud. Security 100% Safety & Security Customer Support 24 x7 Customer Support Server Uptime 99.99% uptime Guarantees Customer Success Stories Discover real success stories from our valued customers. See how we turn challenges into triumphs, one story at a time. Join us in celebrating their journey to success.      Rated 4.4 out of 5 4.7/5 Our Customer's Can Speak for Themselves Victor David – CEO Topvicweb Inc If we need to recommend one hosting for all your small, medium, large scale business then for sure go with HostLegends, their prices are far cheaper then others as well as their infrastructure is top noth with all latest gen servers and leading edge tech. John Brawshaw – Executive Director Streamline Consulting Solutions We’re really very much satisfied with the hosting and service provided by HostLegends. After switching to HostLegends we almost have 0 complaints regarding our website and CRM performance from any of our users. Over the time we have not only grown our user base but also sales and prrofits. — TrustScore 4.7 Excellent Technically difficult website transfers from another uncooperative hosting service to HostLegends, performed excellently. Now that I have regained full control of my websites, I can proceed to make them productive digital assets. 10 stars for HostLegends! Marcus Haug I’m very impressed with the customer service at HostLegends. I have been going back and forth with GoDaddy and it was very frustrating. Logan at HostLegends was able to resolve my issues quickly and efficiently. Quality Graphix I had gotten used to bad hosting service, until HostLegends showed me, what it is to have a great hosting service and a tech team that is on top.I don’t have too many issues, But when I do, I don’t sweat, cause they take care of any & all issues that may arise. Jonathan Parrish Learn See how our customer’s review us at trustpilot Our Datacenters Are Located In 6 Regions And 9 Locations Cloud Load Balancing Ease in distributing workloads and computing resources across multiple networks & servers. Easy Setup Easy to Setup, Modern and Simple User Interface. No Expertise Needed. Managed Migrations Free & Fast Account Migration from One Host to Another by Experts. Money-Back Guarantee No Satisfaction No Money. Completely Risk-free Purchase! Frequently Asked Questions Know more about us and about our services. Do you run your own Data Centers and where are they located? Yes, we operate our own Data Centers in multiple Regions; European Union (Germany), United States (East), United States (Central), United States (West), Asia (Singapore) and the United Kingdom. Since the demand for our services is growing around the world, we continue to open new Regions and Data Centers. How long does the provisioning take and is there a way to track progress? We provide almost real-time provisioning and try to set up your order as quickly as possible, but it depends on the payment method and the software image chosen. Please note: No matter which product you purchase, the setup process will only start after we receive the initial payment from you. Domain registrations are done immediately in general, but it can take up to 24 hours until the DNS is propagated globally and the Domain is ready for use in the Internet. A Domain transfer can take up to seven days, depending on the top-level Domain (TLD). What does the Port speed information in your offers mean exactly? The Port speed (for example 1 Gbit/s) defines the maximum speed you can use for transferring data to and from your server. This is basically how fast the Network Interface Card in your VPS Server. This should not be confused with a Unlimited Bandwidth. Does my Server or Webspace at HostLegends come with a DDoS Protection? Yes. All our Servers and Webspace Packages are provided with a DDoS Protection by default. Our customers don’t have to take any actions in order to benefit from it – the DDoS Protection is activated for all of our customers automatically and free of charge. However, like any other DDoS protection, our protection system cannot provide a guarantee that any DDoS attack imaginable will be repelled. What payment methods are available? Credit Cards, Paypal and Stripe Pay options are available. Ocassionally, we run our offers also on Memdash and Thrivecart as well. SafeShell Based Technology Hosting Lets You Host Unlimited Websites & Domains On Ultra-Fast & Secured VPS Servers Subscribe our newsletter Please leave this field empty. Hosting Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Magento Hosting Woocommerce Hosting Servers VPS Dedicated Reseller Quick Links Register Domain Transfer Domain About Us Contact Us FAQ Reviews Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Anti Spam Refund Policy Support Knowledgebase Submit Ticket Blog Login to Clientarea Compare Head to Head Hostlegends vs A2hosting Hostlegends vs AWS Lightsail Hostlegends vs Bigrock Hostlegends vs Bluehost Hostlegends vs Chemicloud Hostlegends vs Cloudways Hostlegends vs Ultahost Hostlegends vs Kamatera Hostlegends vs Knownhost Hostlegends vs Linode Hostlegends vs Liquidweb Hostlegends vs Namecheap Hostlegends vs Ovhcloud Hostlegends vs Racknerd Hostlegends vs Rosehosting Hostlegends vs Time4vps Hostlegends vs Hostens Hostlegends vs Hostgator Hostlegends vs Hostinger Hostlegends vs Hostingraja Hostlegends vs Inmotionhosting Hostlegends vs Interserver Hostlegends vs Ionos Hostlegends vs Ipage Hostlegends vs DigitalOcean Hostlegends vs Dreamhost Hostlegends vs Ewebguru Hostlegends vs Fastcomet Hostlegends vs Godaddy Hostlegends vs Hetzner Hostlegends vs Hostarmada Hostlegends vs Hostdime Hostlegends vs Vultr Follow us on Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest-p Linkedin-in We Accept Cc-paypal Cc-visa Cc-mastercard Cc-apple-pay Cc-discover Cc-amazon-pay TurboHost – is an innovative hosting venture by the experienced team behind HostLegends. TurboHost operates as a sister company and a new Product line of HostLegends. sharing our commitment to excellence. Trust TurboHost for cutting-edge solutions, while HostLegends remains your dedicated support partner. All your Hosting Plans, Dashboard and the Login URLS remains same as of HostLegends Customers and you’ll receive various emails from HostLegends as well. So no need to worry about those emails you’re at the right place. Copyright © 2023 Hostlegends · All rights reserved.