This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Show details
Allow all
Customise
Deny
Portal Login
Webmail Login
Support Ticket
Service Status
0344 745 1300 Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm
Get In Touch
Colocation
Server Solutions
Cloud Hosting
Connectivity
Other Services
Support
About
Our services are now live
in Liverpool. Connecting
clients in the North West

22,300 Sq Ft Net Technical Space

Learn More
Next
Services

Choose from our wide range of business class services to support your organisations’ requirements

Lockable Racks
Find Out More >>
Colocation
Find Out More >>
Server Solutions
Find Out More >>
Connect
Find Out More >>
Cloud Hosting
Find Out More >>
Choose Host-IT Data Centre Services
Responsive

Whether provisioning a new service or responding to an issue we pride ourselves on providing fast and friendly support.

Flexible

We know that everyone’s requirements are different so our services can be tailored to meet a bespoke requirement.

Secure

Our Data Centres are all ISO27001 accredited with both physical and digital security measures in place, giving you peace of mind.

Reliable

Trading for 20+ years, with a vast amount of experience, our core infrastructure is designed and built with high availability in mind.

Our Partners

From our first contact with Host-IT the whole on-boarding process was executed flawlessly. Their team invested considerable time and effort in understanding our requirement ensuring when we went to site to install our IT equipment everything was set up and ready to go.

Richard Drage, Managing Director of Proweb

We have relied on Host-IT for server colocation for over ten years. Their growing data centre footprint in key UK locations and the widechoice of low latency connectivity available to site from major carriers and local providers is essential to our service delivery and competitive advantage.

Jon Duggan, Managing Director Ashgoal Ltd

Ready to go?

If you need help choosing a service, our sales team are happy to assist.

Get In Touch
Nuco Technologies Ltd
1 Brick Close,
Kiln Farm,
Milton Keynes,
MK11 3JB,
UK
0344 745 1300 
sales@host-it.co.uk
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

All content © Nuco Technologies Ltd T/A Host-IT

Lockable Rack Services Overview
Colocation Services Overview
Server Solutions Overview