HOSTAFRICA: Top Hosting Provider | Quality Hosting Services Skip to main content Cloud, VPS, Web Hosting, Domains & Servers Beware potential phishing attack. See the full details here. Login to HMailPlus Help Chat with Us Get immediate support via Live Chat Open a Ticket Need other help with your HOSTAFRICA account? Move to HOSTAFRICA Free cPanel to cPanel and domain name transfers with any new plan! PHP Extended Support Keep your applications secure with extended PHP version support and updates How to pay Payment methods and how to pay your HOSTAFRICA invoice. Announcements All the latest from HOSTAFRICA Knowledgebase Browse our knowledge base to get help immediately. Network Status Network issues & scheduled maintenances Blog Find our latest news, guides and tutorials here. USD USD - International HOSTAFRICA You are here GHC - Ghana Visit the HOSTAFRICA Ghana Website NGN - Nigeria Visit the HOSTAFRICA Nigeria website KES - Kenya Visit the HOSTAFRICA Kenya website ZAR - South Africa Visit the HOSTAFRICA South Africa website Websites Website and Blog Builder Create a stunning website effortlessly with our intuitive website builder tools. Online Store Builder Launch your online store quickly and easily with our powerful e-commerce solutions. Smart Scheduler Builder Streamline your business by accepting bookings online with our simple scheduling tools. Create my Website Have us craft professional website tailored to your specific needs. Domains Register a domain Search for and register your domain today. Transfer your domain Transfer your existing domain to us. Domain prices View prices for all domain registrations, renewals and transfers. WHOIS Lookup Lookup every single domain currently registered in the world. Email Professional Email and Workspace New! Secure email hosting with advanced spam protection. Hosting Web Hosting Take your idea or business online today with our shared web hosting solutions. LiteSpeed Hosting Accelerated LiteSpeed hosting with improved performance for your website, blog or online shop. WordPress Hosting Promo! Build your WordPress website with thousands of plugins and themes to choose from. Servers Dedicated Servers High-performance, bare-metal, dedicated servers with root, IPMI and RMM access. Linux VPS Hosting Cloud-based Linux virtual machines powered by KVM. Linux VDS Servers New! High-performance Linux virtual servers with dedicated resources. Windows Cloud Servers Windows virtual server hosting within the cloud for fast reliable connectivity. Windows VDS Servers New! High-performance Windows virtual servers with dedicated resources. Managed VPS Hosting New! Managed VPS hosting (cPanel/DirectAdmin) with priority support and daily backups. Reseller VPS Reseller Becoming a VPS reseller is a great way to earn money. Web Hosting Reseller A great way to earn money and build your own web hosting company. LiteSpeed Hosting Reseller Advanced server-side caching to accelerate your LiteSpeed enabled websites Domain Resellers Resell Domains and profit from our large reseller rebates. IT Partner Programme New! A bespoke IT Partner Programme tailored to handle your customer hosting needs. African Domains for Resellers New! Resell African Domains with HOSTAFRICA, earn, grow, and empower online brands. App Hosting Self Hosted n8n Automate your business processes with self-hosted n8n on secure, scalable VPS infrastructure. Supabase Build scalable applications with self-hosted Supabase on high-performance VPS. Cart Account Login Log in to your personal HOSTAFRICA account Register Don't have an account yet? Create a new one Forgot Password? Recover your account password Find your new domain www. . africa $6.49 . biz $16.19 . com $15.08 . net $16.19 . org $16.19 . xyz $18.99 Launch your own website, in MINUTES - no coding skills needed - accept bookings/appointments - create online store and accept payments Start Here Rated 4.9 out of 5 - based on 1790 reviews Get world-class hosting & support from Africa's most trusted hosting provider Join our 20,000+ customers who enjoy fast hosting and outstanding support. Whether you're new to websites and hosting or a seasoned expert, our support team is ready to help you every step of the way. See hosting plans Speak to an expert 30-day money-back Fast & expert support Hassle-free migrations 24/7 monitoring 99.9% uptime guarantee After-hours support African hosted servers No contracts Hosting solutions for any project We offer a wide range of hosting solutions to suit your needs and budget. Choose from virtual servers, dedicated servers, domain names, cloud servers, shared hosting and more. Traffic is included in every package, so you will never have any costly surprises. Join us today and see why we're ranked as Africa's top hosting provider. Servers Hosting Domains Resellers Websites Security Dedicated Servers from $175.50 / month High-performance servers with root, IPMI and RMM access. See server plans Linux Cloud Servers from $8.36 / month Get robust performance for demanding apps with scalable KVM virtual machines. Fully isolated with dedicated RAM, CPU, SSD and IO. See cloud plans Windows Servers from $31.96 / month Our scalable Windows servers guarantee maximum performance for your ASP.NET apps and Windows programmes. Includes one RDP license. See windows plans Web Hosting from $6.15 / month Get your business online with shared DirectAdmin web hosting. See hosting plans LiteSpeed Hosting from $7.03 / month Accelerated LiteSpeed hosting with improved performance for your website, blog or online shop. Includes LS Cache and QUIC CDN. See litespeed plans WooCommerce Hosting from $7.03 / month Choose from thousands of themes and plugins to build your WooCommerce store and start selling online today. See woocommerce plans WordPress Hosting from $7.03 / month Speedy WP hosting with AI Site Builder and WordPress Manager See wordpress plans Opencart Hosting from $7.03 / month Everything you need to create, grow and operate your online business. 340 000 eCommerce entrepreneurs use OpenCart to power their online store. See opencart plans Prestashop Hosting from $7.03 / month PrestaShop is efficient; packed with functionality, it will allow you to create an online store. Create your own shop and grow your business online. See prestashop plans Email Only Hosting from $0.00 / month Custom domain email hosting to get your business started. See email only plans Domain Registration from $6 / year Secure your domain today. Over 400 TLDs to choose from. Browse domains Domain Resellers $19.44 setup fee Discounted domain prices, integration into WHMCS, API documentation and of course, our helpful support to assist you in growing your online venture. See domain prices Domain Lookup whois search Lookup every single domin currently registered in the world. See if the domain you want is available and when it expires using our whois lookup tool. Search domains VPS Reseller $19.44 setup fee Start your own VPS and cloud hosting business today. find out more Hosting Reseller from $21.21 / month Become a hosting reseller and start earning a profit. Affordable packages with DirectAdmin and unlimited traffic. see reseller plans LiteSpeed Resellers from $21.08 / month Enjoy the speed and performance that LiteSpeed offers with our reseller packages. Includes cPanel and WHM and unlimited traffic. see litespeed plans Domain Resellers $19.44 setup fee Discounted domain prices, WHMCS integration and, our helpful support to assist you in growing your online venture. see domain prices Site Builder from $0.00 / month Easy to use drag and drop site builder, no coding required. see site builder plans SSL Certificates from $0.00 / year Secure your site and increase trustworthiness with an SSL certificate. EV, DV and OV certificates available. see ssl prices Client reviews Our clients have rated our hosting support and services 5 stars! Excellent Service Excellent service, very helpful and patient gentleman who explained the problem and how he resolved. Well done HostAfrica. Dirk Domain hosting beyond excellence I am thrilled to report that my experience has continued to be exceptional, with regular followups and advice as to how fully utilise and benefit from their product offerings that have further enhanced my satisfaction. Paul Awesome service! Should be 10 stars! I'd like to review my experience with Host Africa because it's not often that I get such awesome service from a company. Michelle H The HOSTAFRICA promise With us, you can expect real service from real people all the time. Think of us as your partner in hosting. Whether you need help with server setups, restoring a broken website or troubleshooting your email, we have your back. Our team consists of experts in every field, so there's no question too tough for us. World-class support You'll be delighted with our customer support team, who are always ready to help you with any hosting queries you may have. Your trusted hosting partner We are cloud hosting experts with over 15 years of experience in international hosting and development. So, no matter what you need, we are your partner in hosting. 99.9% uptime on secure servers Avoid downtime with cloud servers that are fast and highly secure. We offer a 99.9% uptime guarantee with 24/7 monitoring and a support team who are ready for anything. Quality hosting Our servers are hosted in Tier 3 data centers in South Africa, allowing us to provide you with first class hosting no matter where you are. Hassle-free migrations Migrating to us is a quick and easy process. We offer free migrations to give your wallet a break! T's and C's apply. Request Migration Help Money-back guarantee We know that not everyone has the same needs. That’s why we offer a 30-day money-back guarantee if you feel our services are not the perfect fit for you. Get your business online today! Join the thousands of happy clients hosting with us. 30-day money-back Fast & expert support Hassle-free migrations 24/7 monitoring 99.9% uptime guarantee After-hours support African hosted servers Cancel anytime View hosting services Speak to an expert Recent posts Unlock the Power of VPS with Pre-configured Application Templates at HostAfrica Managing a VPS can be a game-changer. It gives you full control, performance and flexibility, but can also be intimidating. That’s why at HostAfrica we’ve made things easier with ready-to-go […] Michael O. 5min Read SaaS Businesses are the Future: How Lending is Being Transformed by Platforms Like LoanTracker.online As the digital economy grows, Software as a Service (SaaS) platforms are becoming the cornerstone of business innovation, especially in the lending industry. Lending is no longer constrained by legacy […] Michael O. 2min Read How to Create Affiliate Links for Specific HOSTAFRICA Products Did you know you can create affiliate links for any HOSTAFRICA products e.g HMailPLus? The Affiliate Link Generator makes it super easy to share the right product links, and track […] Joel Lumumba 2min Read Contact Details. 12 Helena Ave, Helena Heights Somerset West, 7130 South Africa Network Abuse Submit a Ticket Sales Enquiry About Us About Us Careers Press Releases Sell your Hosting Business Research SME Lab Domains Domain Registration WHOIS Lookup Hosting Services Web Hosting Email Hosting LiteSpeed Hosting WordPress Hosting Site Builder cPanel Web Hosting cPanel LiteSpeed Hosting cPanel WordPress Hosting Move to HOSTAFRICA Security SSL Certificates Servers Linux Cloud VPS Windows Cloud VMs Dedicated Servers Managed VPS Hosting Resellers Domain Reseller Cloud VPS Reseller Web Hosting Reseller LiteSpeed Hosting Reseller Affiliate Programme Websites Website Builder Industries Help How to pay Contact Us Knowledge Base Additional Pricing Price Reviews PHP Extended Support Guides Getting Started Tutorials Blog Legals Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Security Statement Acceptable Use Policy POPI Statement Microsoft End User License Agreement We Accept: EFT, Debit Cards, Credit Cards and Mobile Payments We improve our products and advertising by using Microsoft Clarity to see how you use our website. By using our site, you agree that we and Microsoft can collect and use this data. Our privacy statement Terms and Conditions | HOSTAFRICA has more details. © Copyright 2025 HOSTAFRICA / All Rights Reserved / By visiting this website, you agree to its terms of use .