Hostinger - Bring Your Idea Online With a Website Don’t miss the New Year’s Sale deals! 03 D 07 H 14 M 36 S Explore Pricing Services Hosting Managed hosting for WordPress AI Optimized for the world’s most popular CMS Managed hosting for WooCommerce Build and grow an ecommerce website Web hosting Secure, speedy, reliable services Cloud hosting The tools to level-up your business Agency hosting Designed for professionals and agencies Node.js web apps hosting POPULAR Deploy modern web apps instantly Websites Website Builder AI Create a website in 3 easy steps Ecommerce Website Builder AI Get straight to business with an online store Horizons AI Launch a no-code site or web app with AI VPS VPS hosting AI Get a powerful AI-managed VPS Self-hosted n8n POPULAR Run n8n AI workflows with full control Domains Domain name search Find and register your website address Domain transfer Transfer a domain to Hostinger, fast Email Email marketing with Hostinger Reach NEW Create and send email campaigns with AI Business email Professional addresses to build your brand Google Workspace Transform teamwork and boost productivity Migrate a website Migrate a site from elsewhere, fast and free Explore Blog Our latest news and updates Features and tools Latest product releases and features Our story How we got here and where we’re going Client stories Our clients’ successes are our favorite stories Support Knowledge Base Advice and answers to all of your FAQs Tutorials Videos and articles to help you achieve your online success story Contact How to reach us How to make a website A step-by-step guide to building and launching a website Self-hosted n8n English Back Choose your country Argentina Español Australia English Brasil Português Canada English Canada Français Colombia Español Česko Čeština Danmark Dansk Deutschland Deutsch Eesti Eesti مصر العربية Ελλάδα Ελληνικά España Español France Français Hrvatska Hrvatski India English भारत हिंदी Indonesia Bahasa Indonesia Italia Italiano Japan 日本語 Latvija Latviešu Lietuva Lietuvių Magyarország Magyar Malaysia English México Español Nigeria English Nederland Nederlands Norge Norsk Pakistan English Philippines English Polska Polski Portugal Português Română România Slovensko Slovenčina Suomi Suomi Sverige Svenska Türkiye Türkçe Україна Українська United Kingdom English United States English Việt Nam Tiếng Việt الدول العربية العربية יִשְׂרָאֵל עברית ประเทศไทย ไทย 대한민국 한국어 中国 中文 My account Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Turn one day into day one Launch your website and grow your business – Hostinger’s got you covered. From US$ 1.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Start now 30-day money-back guarantee Plans and prices Explore packages full of built-in tools, services, and bonus features. From 12.99 US$ 1.99 /month Find a domain A first impression lasts forever. Make yours count with the perfect domain name. Search Trusted by They succeeded online - now it’s your turn “Hostinger is the best hosting provider I’ve ever used. The support is amazing and the prices are unbeatable.” Hostinger Horizons Jordi Robert Marketing expert “Hostinger AI Website Builder takes out a lot of manual work. The website I built was spot on - I had to make only a few changes.” Website builder Domains Email Jarrott Brown Business owner Watch video “I've been recommending my clients to migrate to Hostinger. Everything is easy, and new features come out all the time.” Cloud hosting Domains Email Anna Franques Digital designer & developer “Ever had an idea for a website or tool? With Hostinger Horizons, you explain it, and the AI just builds it.” Hostinger Horizons Albert Bermejo Content creator “Hostinger Website Builder offers the most user-friendly experience I've ever encountered.” Website builder Domains Mitch Cardoza Guitarist, singer and producer Watch video “Thanks to Hostinger's simple dashboard, we can manage our WordPress website ourselves.” Cloud hosting Domains Email Elise Hernaez Business owner “Hostinger is the best hosting provider I’ve ever used. The support is amazing and the prices are unbeatable.” Hostinger Horizons Jordi Robert Marketing expert “Hostinger AI Website Builder takes out a lot of manual work. The website I built was spot on - I had to make only a few changes.” Website builder Domains Email Jarrott Brown Business owner Watch video “I've been recommending my clients to migrate to Hostinger. Everything is easy, and new features come out all the time.” Cloud hosting Domains Email Anna Franques Digital designer & developer “Ever had an idea for a website or tool? With Hostinger Horizons, you explain it, and the AI just builds it.” Hostinger Horizons Albert Bermejo Content creator “Hostinger Website Builder offers the most user-friendly experience I've ever encountered.” Website builder Domains Mitch Cardoza Guitarist, singer and producer Watch video “Thanks to Hostinger's simple dashboard, we can manage our WordPress website ourselves.” Cloud hosting Domains Email Elise Hernaez Business owner Build and launch From idea to online, quicker and slicker Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Website Builder Make your website in minutes Just describe your idea – AI Website Builder will create your layout, images, and text. Then use the drag-and-drop editor to customize. Whether it's an online store or a blog, you’ll be live in moments. Create with Website Builder Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Quick-start WordPress WordPress without the complexity Create a WordPress site with AI, use a pre-built template, or start from scratch. While we take care of site maintenance, speed, and security for you. Build a WordPress site Migrate to Hostinger Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Hostinger Horizons Shape your vision with AI Turn your words into a new website or web app with Hostinger Horizons. All it takes is a simple AI prompt. No code, no technical jargon – instant results. Explore Hostinger Horizons More power & control Automate the busywork Turn hard work into smart work with n8n hosting. Use no-code, AI workflows to swap time-wasting manual tasks for easy, speedy automation. So you can focus on what really matters. Learn more Performance you can rely on Unlock blazing-fast performance and rock-solid stability with a Virtual Private Server (VPS). Built to keep your large online projects running smoothly and your data secure. Learn more More flexible growth Hosting that grows with you Cloud hosting offers scalable resources that ensure you never reach a limit. Keep growing with reliable uptime, powerful performance, enhanced security, and flexible pricing. Learn more Hosting for agencies Make access sharing, managing multiple websites, and client collaboration secure and seamless. Learn more 4M+ Clients trust Hostinger 150+ Countries served 20+ Years of experience 10M+ Websites created with us 4M+ Clients trust Hostinger 150+ Countries served 20+ Years of experience 10M+ Websites created with us AI tools Human-led, AI-powered Hostinger’s AI experience helps you seamlessly grow online, while keeping you firmly in control of your online success. Get started Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Your AI agent, Kodee Kodee takes the stress out of managing your online presence with instant help and proactive support. Backstage AI Behind the scenes, Hostinger's built-in AI automates tasks, assists in decision-making, and boosts your visibility in AI-generated search results. AI tools Create, launch, and scale smarter with AI tools at your fingertips – a logo maker, image generator, and more. Your AI agent, Kodee Kodee takes the stress out of managing your online presence with instant help and proactive support. Backstage AI Behind the scenes, Hostinger's built-in AI automates tasks, assists in decision-making, and boosts your visibility in AI-generated search results. AI tools Create, launch, and scale smarter with AI tools at your fingertips – a logo maker, image generator, and more. Smarter email Email your audience with confidence Business Build trust with a professional business email Polish your brand, protect your inbox, and grow your business with tools that keep you in the driver’s seat. Build trust with a branded business email Seamless email access across all apps and devices Private, protected, and always online Learn more Marketing Grow your business with AI-powered email marketing With Reach, you can schedule emails, automate sequences to save time, and maintain brand consistency. Design and write emails with AI Your logo and colors, auto-applied No coding required Learn more Inspiration Made with Hostinger Now it’s your turn to succeed online, whether it's an ecommerce store, blog, portfolio, or business site. Get started Plans and pricing Make a move with our New Year’s sale 30-day money-back guarantee Cancel anytime 24/7 support 85% OFF Premium Everything you need to get started US$ 12.99 US$ 1.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 95.52 (regular price US$ 623.52). Renews at US$ 10.99/mo. Create up to 3 websites No Node.js web apps 20 GB of storage for your files (SSD) 2 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Premium benefits: Free domain for 1 year Keep every site safe with free SSL Weekly auto backups for easy data recovery Enjoy having your WordPress sites maintained for you Migrate your site for free and with no downtime Free Email marketing for 1 year Build sites in minutes with AI Website Builder MOST POPULAR 84% OFF Business More tools and power for growth US$ 18.99 US$ 2.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 143.52 (regular price US$ 911.52). Renews at US$ 16.99/mo. Create up to 50 websites 5 Node.js web apps NEW 50 GB of world’s fastest NVMe storage 5 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Everything in Premium, plus: Daily and on-demand backups to prevent any data loss Build an ecommerce site with AI AI Agent for WordPress FREE Create ready-to-go WordPress sites in minutes with AI Enjoy maximum website speed with free CDN Manage sites easier with WordPress Multisite 75% OFF Cloud Startup 20X more power for your websites with Cloud hosting US$ 27.99 US$ 6.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 335.52 (regular price US$ 1,343.52). Renews at US$ 25.99/mo. Create up to 100 websites 10 Node.js web apps NEW 100 GB of world’s fastest NVMe storage 10 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Everything in Business, plus: Enjoy priority expert support – 24/7 Handle peak traffic with a power boost for a week/month Get extra control and stability with a dedicated IP address 100 PHP workers for busy sites 2M inodes to scale your files 4 GB RAM for smooth site performance 85% OFF Premium Everything you need to get started US$ 12.99 US$ 1.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 95.52 (regular price US$ 623.52). Renews at US$ 10.99/mo. Create up to 3 websites No Node.js web apps 20 GB of storage for your files (SSD) 2 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Premium benefits: Free domain for 1 year Keep every site safe with free SSL Weekly auto backups for easy data recovery Enjoy having your WordPress sites maintained for you Migrate your site for free and with no downtime Free Email marketing for 1 year Build sites in minutes with AI Website Builder MOST POPULAR 84% OFF Business More tools and power for growth US$ 18.99 US$ 2.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 143.52 (regular price US$ 911.52). Renews at US$ 16.99/mo. Create up to 50 websites 5 Node.js web apps NEW 50 GB of world’s fastest NVMe storage 5 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Everything in Premium, plus: Daily and on-demand backups to prevent any data loss Build an ecommerce site with AI AI Agent for WordPress FREE Create ready-to-go WordPress sites in minutes with AI Enjoy maximum website speed with free CDN Manage sites easier with WordPress Multisite 75% OFF Cloud Startup 20X more power for your websites with Cloud hosting US$ 27.99 US$ 6.99 /mo + 3 mo. free Limited time deal Choose plan Get 48 months for US$ 335.52 (regular price US$ 1,343.52). Renews at US$ 25.99/mo. Create up to 100 websites 10 Node.js web apps NEW 100 GB of world’s fastest NVMe storage 10 mailboxes per website - free for 1 year Everything in Business, plus: Enjoy priority expert support – 24/7 Handle peak traffic with a power boost for a week/month Get extra control and stability with a dedicated IP address 100 PHP workers for busy sites 2M inodes to scale your files 4 GB RAM for smooth site performance View all features The price displayed is the monthly rate excluding applicable taxes. The total price for the plan to be paid upfront at checkout includes the monthly rate multiplied by the number of months in your plan, along with any applicable taxes. Not sure which plan to choose? Our smart AI agent, Kodee, is here to help you find the best package for your project. Ask Kodee Hosting Web hosting Hosting for WordPress VPS hosting Self-hosted n8n Business email Cloud hosting Hosting for WooCommerce Hosting for agencies Minecraft hosting Game server hosting Google Workspace Domain Domain name search Cheap domain names Free domain WHOIS Lookup Free SSL certificate Domain transfer Domain extensions Personal domain name Tools Hostinger Horizons Website Builder AI Website Builder Ecommerce Website Builder Print on Demand Link in Bio Business Name Generator AI Logo Generator Migrate to Hostinger Hostinger API Information Pricing Reviews Affiliate program Referral program Roadmap Wall of fame System status Sitemap Company About Hostinger Our technology Newsroom Career Blog Student discount Sustainability Principles Support Tutorials Knowledge Base Hostinger Academy Contact us Report abuse NPRD request policy Privacy policy Refund policy Terms of service and more © 2004-2025 Hostinger – Launch, grow, and succeed online, supported by AI that puts the power in your hands. Prices are listed without VAT We care about your privacy This website uses cookies that are needed for the site to work properly and to get data on how you interact with it, as well as for marketing purposes. By accepting, you agree to store cookies on your device for ad targeting, personalization, and analytics as described in our Cookie policy . Accept all Reject all Cookie settings