Domain and Best Hosting Provider in Bangladesh - HostSeba Blog Offers View Cart 0 Login Register ----- Forgot Password? Call to Us 09613003001 Live Chat Chat With Us Home Domains Domain Registration Domain Transfer Dot BD Domain Web Hosting Shared Hosting BDIX Budget Hosting BDIX Premium Hosting USA Budget Hosting USA Premium Hosting Mern Stack Hosting Windows Hosting Reseller Hosting BDIX Reseller USA Reseller VPS Hosting Linux VPS BDIX VPS Hosting USA VPS Hosting Windows RDP BDIX RDP Server USA RDP Server Dedicated BDIX Dedicated Server USA Dedicated Server Email Business Email Hosting G Suite, Google Mail Affiliates Affiliate Program Join Free Affiliate Login Support Contact Form Submit Ticket Report Abuse 86% Discount first annual purchase Up To 200X Faster BDIX Hosting Best provider in Bangladesh. Search .com ৳ 999 .net ৳ 1918 .org ৳ 1726 .info ৳ 597 .xyz ৳ 430 Get Started Compare Plans Free migrations Moving to HostSeba is easy, we'll take care of the migration for you for FREE 24/7 support Our team is always online 24/7 for your support and customer service. Free Daily backup We automatically create daily, weekly backups of your entire websites. 30 days guarantee Give our high-speed hosting service a try completely risk-free! money back guarantee. Buy Web Hosting and everything else you need All Services Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Domain VPS Hosting Dedicated Server All Services All Services Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Domain VPS Hosting Dedicated Server Limited Time Offer Domain Domain Registration Domain Transfer Starting From ৳ 198 / year Buy Domain View Prices Limited Time up to 92% off Budget Hosting BDIX Hosting USA Hosting Starting From ৳ 207 / monthly BDIX Offer USA Offer Limited Time up to 65% off Premium Hosing BDIX Premium Hosting USA Premium Hosting Starting From ৳ 293 / monthly BDIX Prices USA Prices Limited Time up to 55% off Reseller Hosting BDIX Reseller Hosting USA Reseller Hosting Starting From ৳ 922 / monthly BDIX Prices USA Prices Business Email Business Email Services Zimbra Email Server Starting From ৳ 114 / monthly Email Prices View Details Limited Time up to 33.31% off VPS Hosting BDIX VPS USA VPS Starting From ৳ 1722 / monthly BDIX Prices USA Prices Limited Time up to 42% off Windows RDP BDIX RDP Server USA RDP Server Starting From ৳ 1722 / monthly BDIX Prices USA Prices Dedicated Server BDIX Dedicated Server USA Dedicated Server Starting From ৳ 11770 / monthly BDIX Prices USA Prices Budget Hosting Plans Limited Time up to 92% off BDIX Budget Hosting ৳ 831 / year Regular ৳ 5795 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 92% off USA Budget Hosting ৳ 831 / year Regular ৳ 5795 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 92% off Windows Hosting ৳ 831 / year Regular ৳ 5795 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 15% off Business Email ৳ 97 / Month Regular ৳ 114 /Month View Plans Get offer Premium Hosting Plans Limited Time up to 65% off BDIX Premium Hosting ৳ 807 / year Regular ৳ 2306 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 65% off USA Premium Hosting ৳ 807 / year Regular ৳ 2306 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 55% off BDIX Budget Reseller ৳ 4151 / year Regular ৳ 9225 /Year View Plans Get offer Limited Time up to 55% off USA Budget Reseller ৳ 4151 / year Regular ৳ 9225 /Year View Plans Get offer TLDs Registration per year Renewal per year .com ৳999 BDT ৳1725 BDT .info ৳597 BDT ৳2897 BDT .net ৳1918 BDT ৳1918 BDT .org ৳1726 BDT ৳1726 BDT .xyz ৳ 430 BDT ৳1888 BDT .shop ৳198 BDT ৳6056 BDT .biz ৳2803 BDT ৳3393 BDT BDIX VPS Hosting Plans BDIX VPS Hosting ৳ 999 / month View Plans BDIX RDP Server ৳ 948 / month View Plans USA VPS Hosting Plans USA VPS Hosting ৳ 1819 / month View Plans USA RDP Server ৳ 948 / month View Plans BDIX Dedicated Server ৳ 11770 / month View Plans USA Dedicated Server ৳ 9630 / month View Plans Compare of our Budget and Premium Hosting Budget Web Hosting cPanel Control Panel Start From 5 GB Disk Space Remote Database server Node.js - Python Not Supported SSH Terminal Access File (Inode) Limit - Yes API Shell (for developers PostgreSQL Databases Start From ৳ 831 / year Regular ৳5795 /Year Up 92% OFF Buy Budget Hosting Premium Web Hosting cPanel Control Panel Start From 5 GB Disk Space Remote Database server Node.js - Python Supported SSH Terminal Access File (Inode) Limit - Unlimited API Shell (for developers PostgreSQL Databases Start From ৳ 807 / year Regular ৳2306 /Year Up to 65% OFF Buy Premium Hosting Best Hosting Provider in Bangladesh Hostseba is a prominent cloud and technology solutions company based in Bangladesh , specializes in delivering top-tier IT infrastructure services to enterprises. Founded in 2012, Hostseba offers lightning-fast dedicated and virtual servers, secure web hosting , business email hosting, and unwavering customer support, all backed by a 100% uptime guarantee. Multiple Data Centers in Bangladesh & USA With strategically located data centers in both the Bangladesh and USA, Hostseba ensures optimal performance by housing its servers in cutting-edge facilities equipped with high-speed Gbps and BDIX connectivity. In the USA, the company takes charge of its own infrastructure, employing top-notch hardware, tier-4 connectivity, and SSD RAID configurations to guarantee exceptional performance, reliability, and security. Serving 7000+ Customers across 45+ Countries Hostseba proudly serves a vast clientele comprising more than 7000 customers from various backgrounds, including individuals and businesses, spanning across 45 countries worldwide. Over the years, the company has earned a strong reputation for delivering premium services that consistently meet the expectations of its diverse customer base. Why choose HostSeba Hosting? Money Back Guarantee We have 30 Days moneyback guarantee, so you can try our service without any risk. We'll refund you if you're not satisfied. Your satisfaction is our top priority. Free Data Migration You can transfer your web hosting data from your previous hosting company to us. Our team can move your site to us. We offer free website data migration. Softaculous script installer Instantly install scripts such as Wordpress in 3 easy to follow steps. Lots of software including Wordpress more then 451+. Easy to install softaculous tool. Website Security Stop malware before it gets a chance to infect your site. We scan your site all content daily and automatically remove any detected malware. It's fully free. 99.9% Uptime Gurarantee We understand the uptime importance. Our servers are optimized with the latest software and are only hosted within the best datacenters, allowing us to achieve our 99.9% uptime guarantee. High Performance SSD Servers We use only top of the line server hardware, and this reflects in the quality service that we provide. We are using Enterprise NVMe SSD hard drives in a Raid array to give your site that extra speed boost! Free SSL Certificate Our all web hosting plan Life-time FREE Let's Encrypt SSL certificates with just a few clicks in your cPanel/Directadmin. Secure your customer data and improve SEO ranking by using this limited time offer! Live support We provide office hours live chat support via facebook messenger, whatsapp, live chat, Call Support. Speak to our staff live in (GMT+6) 10AM - 9PM, 24/7 Ticket support and they will be happy to help. Web Hosting in Bangladesh Securely host your website across multiple data centers in the USA and Bangladesh with Hostseba's hosting infrastructure. Our BDIX Hosting and Gbps connectivity ensure fast and low-latency service for your website. You can choose to host on Hostseba's Linux hosting platform powered by cPanel , CloudLinux, and LiteSpeed. We provide hosting for Python, Laravel, NodeJS, React, WordPress based websites with maximum secured. With Hostseba, you can rest assured that your website is hosted on a secure and reliable platform. We are the domain hosting price in bangladesh. BDIX Budget Hosting USA Budget Hosting BDIX Premium Hosting USA Premium Hosting Buy Web Hosting Reseller Hosting In Bangladesh Reseller Hosting in Bangladesh refers to a type of web hosting service that allows individuals or businesses to resell hosting services to their own customers. We provide best reseller hosting in Bangladesh . Our BDIX Reseller Hosting best for Bangladeshi visitors website owner. With Reseller Hosting, you can purchase a large amount of disk space and bandwidth from a web hosting provider , divide it into smaller hosting packages, and sell them to your clients at a markup. This can be a profitable business model for web designers, developers, and entrepreneurs who want to offer web hosting services to their clients without the overhead costs of running a data center. Many web hosting providers in Bangladesh offer Reseller Hosting plans that come with features such as white-label branding, cPanel control panels, and 24/7 support. BDIX Reseller Hosting USA Reseller Hosting Buy Reseller Hosting Business Email in Bangladesh Hostseba offers advanced email solutions for companies and enterprises in Bangladesh. Host your business services emails in Bangladesh or the USA with our cost-effective email hosting services. Our email solutions are designed to provide reliable and efficient service for your business needs, with a low-cost and a variety of payment options available. You can buy business email services from Hostseba at competitive prices, with volume discounts also available. Learn more about our email hosting solutions and how they can benefit your business. Buy Business Email VPS Hosting in Bangladesh Hostseba offers vps hosting server for your corporate website and database applications. Our VPS solutions are built using cutting-edge technology and have been a pioneer in the industry in Bangladesh. We provide cheap vps in Bangladesh . Our virtual server platform is designed with the latest Intel server processors and DDR4 RAM to ensure optimal performance. Additionally, our platform utilizes SSD RAID to provide the highest IOPS and disk bandwidth, with 1Gbps internet connectivity to your VPS. Our vps hosting platform is already trusted by numerous government and private sector projects in Bangladesh . BDIX VPS BDIX RDP Server USA VPS USA RDP Server Buy VPS Hosting Dedicated Server in Bangladesh Elevate your IT projects with Hostseba's high-performance dedicated server . Our servers feature the latest Intel Xeon E5-V4 dual processors, providing extreme performance with up to 28 physical cores and 56 logical cores. Additionally, Hostseba dedicated servers come equipped with 256 GB DDR4 ECC registered RAM and 7.68 TB SAS RAID storage, ensuring maximum speed and reliability for your business needs. BDIX Dedicated Server USA Dedicated Server Buy Dedicated Server Domain Registration in Bangladesh With Hostseba, you can effortlessly register your desired domain names at a reasonable cost from anywhere and anytime. Hostseba offers a vast selection of over 2,500 domain extensions, including the commonly used .com, .net, .org, .info, and many more. We have already registered thousands of domains , and with every hosting reseller account, you will receive a complimentary domain reseller panel. Our team also provides support in securing Bangladesh government-approved .bd domains , ensuring that you can register your desired domain names within your budget. Discover more about our domain registration services today. Buy Domain in Bangladesh Domain Registration Domain Transfer Buy Domain Name Free Website Migration Let our team of experts transfer your website. We know that migrating your website to a new provider can be daunting. Our support experts are happy to perform your migration for you. We will handle everything for you. Once we have completed the migration, we will provide you with instructions to preview your migrated website. This will allow you to confirm that your website is working correctly before finalizing the migration. This process is fast, efficient, and free. Contact Us Best Web Hosting in Bangladesh If you are going to create a site, the very first thing you will have to do is buying a domain name and a web hosting plan. The domain name is the name of your website. The web hosting is the place (server) where you’ll keep your site’s files, images, texts, etc. And that server will make your site accessible via the World Wide Web (WWW). Now the question is, where can you buy a domain and hosting in Bangladesh? There are plenty of options out there. But the problem is, you need to have an international credit card to buy hosting from foreign companies. The good news is, we have some good web hosting companies here in Bangladesh. These companies offer convenient payment methods like bKash, Rocket, Bank Deposit, etc. Few more best features of HostSeba We have no hidden charge for any service. We are always available for our customers. We never charge extra deduction on any service payment. HostSeba is a Bangladesh based web hosting & cloud solutions provider offering Enterprise Hosting Solutions in Bangladesh since 2012. Extremely Fast Dedicated & Virtual Servers, Secure Web Hosting & Business Email Hosting, Expert Support with 99.9% uptime guarantee! Currently serving thousands of customers in Bangladesh & Worldwide. HostSeba's clientele includes individuals and companies of all sizes. We build and ensure the highest level of performance, reliability & Security. BDIX Hosting In Bangladesh BDIX hosting is one of the most powerful hosting facilities powered by Bangladeshi Data Center . This ensures the fastest loading time, 99.9% guaranteed uptime with super-fast data sharing facilities. Our BDIX FTP server is one of the fastest in the country. HostSeba offers the best NVMe BDIX web hosting in Bangladesh for all its clients. Considering the facilities and features regarding other web hosting this is the best web hosting if you are looking for Bangladeshi Data Center. You will get unlimited subdomain with all the premium hosting features you need to run your website. The pricing of the packages are the lowest if you compare it with the others. Basically BDIX VPS Hosting is the perfect solution for Bangladeshi news portals, e-commerce businesses, blog sites, and high-traffic websites . It is quality and advanced in all respects compared to other hosting services. HostSeba’s BDIX VPS packages are great for those looking for the best-performing hosting solution. We offer both BDIX VPS managed and unmanaged packages with all the prominences you need. RDP Server Trusted By Clients And Industry Experts We hosted more than 7000 happy customers. Small website to high traffic website customers. My experience with HostSeba.Com has been nothing short of amazing. The level of support provided with my web hosting account has been fantastic. I will recommend HostSeba.Com to all of my friends! “ Md. Delwar Hossain Web Designer HostSeba is the most reliable company I have come across for web hosting services. If you're looking for a web hosting account look no further than HostSeba. I recommed HostSeba! “ Sajeeb Mahmud CEO & Founder at Onupat Host Seba Hosting has one of the best support teams I have had dealt with. The customer service at “Host Seba” Hosting has been top notch for the past five years that I've been a customer. Thank you for your awesome response
time and service! “ Md. Shahid Ullah. Senior Garments Consultant Thank you very much HostSeba. I'm really glad to contribute with them. They are very responsible and careful to their customers. Since March 2023 i'm using their hosting service so far I'm satisfied with them. Your can trust them thank you. “ Ikram Hossen Freelancer Most affordable reliable and web hosting in Bangladesh. Our web Hosting plans feature the latest SSD, NVMe Drives, Litespeed, Apache, Softaculous Installer, Sitepad Website Builders, Server Location USA, Dhaka BD, “ Md. Delwar Hossain Web Designer Most affordable reliable and web hosting in Bangladesh. Our web Hosting plans feature the latest SSD, NVMe Drives, Litespeed, Apache, Softaculous Installer, Sitepad Website Builders, Server Location USA, Dhaka BD, “ Md. Delwar Hossain Web Designer Hosting Services BDIX Budget Hosting BDIX Premium Hosting USA Budget Hosting USA Premium Hosting Mern Stack Hosting Windows Hosting BDIX Reseller Hosting USA Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting BDIX VPS HostIng USA VPS Hosting BDIX RDP Server USA RDP Server Dedicated Server BDIX Dedicated Server USA Dedicated Server Domain Domain Register Domain Transfer Dot BD Domain Domain Reseller Business Email Email Hosting Information Knowledgebase Our Datacenters Payment Method Website Migration F.A.Q Company About US Why Choose Us Testimonials Announcements Refund Policy Affiliates Affiliate Program Join Affiliate Affiliate Login Video Tutorials cPanel Tutorials WHM Tutorials Clientarea Tutorials Domain Reseller Tutorials Help Contact Us Submit Ticket Blog Hosting Services BDIX Budget Hosting BDIX Premium Hosting USA Budget Hosting USA Premium Hosting Mern Stack Hosting Windows Hosting BDIX Reseller Hosting USA Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting BDIX VPS Hosting USA VPS Hosting BDIX RDP Server USA RDP Server Dedicated Server BDIX Dedicated Server USA Dedicated Server Domain Domain Register Domain Transfer Dot BD Domain Domain Reseller Business Email Email Hosting Information Knowledgebase Our Datacenters Payment Method Website Migration F.A.Q Our Address HostSeba Office Address: Chuadanga Sadar, Digri, Chuadanga - 7200, Bangladesh Get Social Company About US Why Choose Us Testimonials Announcements Refund Policy Affiliates Affiliate Program Join Affiliate Affiliate Login Video Tutorials cPanel Tutorials WHM Tutorials Clientarea Tutorials Domain Reseller Tutorials Help Contact Us Submit Ticket Blog Our Address HostSeba Office Address: Chuadanga Sadar, Digri, Chuadanga - 7200, Bangladesh Get Social Founded in 2012 with an aim to deliver the best web hosting solution that's crafted for unmatched speed, high security and 24x7 support. We Accepted Copyright © 2025 HostSeba. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Services | Acceptable Usage Policy | Privacy Policy Home Offer Call Blog Affiliate Cookies help us deliver the best experience on our website. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies. Continue Submit Close Generate Password Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length Password Length Generated Password Generate new password Copy Close Copy to clipboard and Insert