HostAway – Web Hosting, Email Hosting, Domain Names, Domains, Virtual Servers, Colocation, Perth, Australia, Malaga Remote Support System Status support@hostaway.net.au +61 8 9249 3646 CLOSED 24th Dec to 4th Jan Members Panel Webmail Menu ≡ ╳ Home About About Us Testimonials Our Services Domain Names Web Hosting Email Hosting Virtual Servers Colocation DNS Hosting E-Mail Marketing Microsoft 365 Backup Solution for Microsoft 365 Support FTP Settings E-Mail Settings Remote Support Tutorials System Status Members Members Panel Webmail Pay Online Domain Console Mailout Portal Premium Spam Filtering Website Builder Sign Up News Contact Us Build your new website HostAway Website Builder Free with all Linux hosting plans Our responsive and friendly builder allows you to choose from a variety of templates to create beautiful websites. We help you Create a custom virtual server Enterprise hardware Advanced control panel Manage multiple instances Pay monthly or hourly! CONTACT US VIEW PLANS Superior website & email hosting Our lightning fast servers are optimised for popular website platforms such as WordPress, Joomla and Drupal. VIEW PLANS PURCHASE From $130 per month Malaga's first data centre Premium server hosting Take advantage of our high speed diverse fibre Internet connections and give your business the reliability and speed it deserves CONTACT US VIEW PLANS Hosted Exchange MICROSOFT OFFICE 365 Pair your website hosting with Office 365's business-class email experience with a 50GB mailbox, shared contacts and calendars. VIEW PRICING “I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think” Check out the latest articles on our News page to help get you thinking. - Socrates Check SELECT YOUR HOSTING PLANS DIFFERENT HOSTING PLATFORMS TO SUIT EVERY NEED Email Hosting $99/yr Price From Includes anti-spam, anti-virus, webmail, autoresponders, forwarding, unlimited mailboxes and our easy-to-use Members Panel. Learn more Web Hosting $22/mo Price From Includes separate website and email space on our cluster of high-speed servers. The ideal option for WordPress, Joomla or Drupal sites! Learn more VPS Hosting $30/mo Price From For dedicated resources choose a virtual server and take control of your hosting experience. Fully customisable, for Linux or Windows users. Learn more Server Hosting $130/mo Price From Install and manage your own hardware in our premier data centre to take advantage of our network, power, security and cooling infrastructure. Learn more WHY CHOOSE HOSTAWAY Some of the many reasons to choose HostAway as your technology partner Fast loading Locally hosted and speed optimised servers combined with multiple fibre Internet connections provide some of the fastest load times available. Excellent Service We value our clients and are very proud of our high standards of service. Our infrastructure has been engineered to be highly available, helpful and responsive – just like our people. Local support We don’t make you speak to robots or wait in queues, your support requests will be handled by our highly trained staff based right here in WA. If you’d like to know more about HostAway, our services or our infrastructure please give us a call! SEE SERVICES SEE WHAT OUR VALUED CLIENTS THINK HostAway: 1. Have a reliable uptime. 2. They’re better than most web hosting service providers at keeping their servers secure. 3. They’re helpful and friendly 4. They answer the phone promptly. 5. They’re affordable. Ben Grummels Publisher, Web Marketing Consultant, Domainer. SEE MORE DISCOVER AMAZING FEATURES EXPERTISE IN HOSTING WEB APPLICATIONS ! Intrusion Detection We actively monitor for malware, threats and hacks with advanced software. Load balanced servers Our servers operate in clusters so if there is heavy traffic we can handle it. Monitored 24/7/365 Our systems are monitored for uptime from multiple remote locations. Optimised for Speed With storage powered by NVME, no visitor is left waiting in line to load your website. Backups are standard We retain a 7 day rolling backup of all websites – onsite, offsite and offline. One click WordPress Easily install WordPress from the Members Panel and build your site faster. Starting from $22/month SEE PLANS CONTACT US Looking for a different option? Talk to us about custom, affiliate or reseller plans STAY INFORMED LATEST NEWS Holiday Opening Hours HostAway will be closing for the festive season from COB Wednesday 24th December and re-opening Monday 5th January 2025. We will continue to monitor the support@hostaway.net.au email address over this time however responses may be delayed. If the matter is urgent please call our office line and select the option to notify our on-call technicians. […] Read more DMARC, DKIM and SPF Using email authentication has been best practice to reduce spam and phishing attacks but now Google and Yahoo are making this a mandatory requirement. Senders who fail to comply with these authentication methods will face challenges in getting their emails delivered. To begin with, this will affect bulk email senders however it is likely to […] Read more When to use Email Forwarding Within the HostAway Members Panel you can add an Email Forward to any of your mailboxes. This will route incoming messages for that particular mailbox to a different address. You can also choose to keep a copy of forwarded mail which will deliver the email into your mailbox in addition to forwarding the email to […] Read more Load more We've been providing hosting solutions since 2006 and take great pride in our service. If you need help we are only a phone call away! Contact Us Purchase Useful Links Pay Online FTP Settings Email Settings Testimonials Registration Form Contact Us Latest Blog Posts Holiday Opening Hours December 15, 2025 DMARC, DKIM and SPF February 21, 2024 When to use Email Forwarding August 15, 2023 SERVICE STATUS Copyright 2025 © HostAway   | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |    ABN 47 818 013 005 Call Now Button