Best Hosting Service from India's No.1 Hosting Provider | HostingRaja Login Register Hosting Web Hosting Premium Hosting WordPress ₹ 5,940 Off Java Hosting Windows Hosting Reseller Web Hosting Unlimited Hosting cPanel Hosting Domains Domains AI Domain Name Generator Buy SSL Certificate Buy Domain @ rs. 1 Dedicated Server Dedicated Servers Windows Dedicated Servers VPS Linux VPS Servers Unmanaged VPS Servers Managed n8n VPS Servers Windows VPS Servers HA Cluster VPS Cloud Cloud Server HA Cluster Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Migration AWS Cloud Migration Transfer Server/Hosting Transfer Services G-Suite Database Cluster Acronis Backup Email Solutions HOSTING RAJA ® No.1 Indian Hosting Company ISO 9001:2015 Certified Login Register Talk to us Hosting Web Hosting Premium Hosting WordPress ₹ 5,940 Off Java Hosting Windows Hosting Reseller Web Hosting Unlimited Hosting cPanel Hosting Domains Domains Free Domain + Hosting COMBO AI Domain Name Generator Buy SSL Certificate Buy Domain @ rs. 1 Dedicated Server Dedicated Servers Windows Dedicated Servers VPS Linux VPS Servers SALE Unmanaged VPS Servers Managed n8n VPS Servers Windows VPS Servers SALE HA Cluster VPS Cloud Cloud Server HA Cluster Cloud Private Cloud Cloud Migration AWS Cloud Migration Transfer Server/Hosting Transfer Services G-Suite Database Cluster Acronis Backup Email Solutions Get Unlimited Hosting @ 80% Off India’s Best Web Hosting Service Provider With Offers Hosting from India’s No. 1 Web Hosting Company Trusted By Over 1,50,000 Customers Enterprise Hosting Services NVMe High-Speed Disk Free SSL Certificate WordPress Supported Website Builder Firewall & Security Domain Registration Money-Back Guarantee 24/7 Customer Support Note: Get a FREE Domain with any Unlimited or Premium Hosting plan! Indian Hosting Plans HostingRaja is a top choice in the Indian hosting market, known for its wide range of tailored hosting solutions.
 We have a strong reputation for excellence and are a trusted partner for many websites. Our hosting packages cater to businesses of all sizes, from Shared Hosting for startups to VPS Hosting for more heightened control. Dedicated Hosting and Cloud Hosting and specialized WordPress Hosting are also available for peak performance. With data centers in India, HostingRaja offers faster loading times for websites targeting an Indian audience. Our Expert support team is available in multiple Indian languages, and they prioritize security with features like free SSL certificates , DDoS protection . HostingRaja offers affordable plans ideal for startups, small businesses, and enterprises, showcasing their commitment to providing quality hosting services for your business’s online success. Web Hosting Web Hosting with Unmetered Bandwidth, Free SSL Certificate and Blazing Fast Speeds! Starting @ 104 Get Started Premium Hosting Unmetered bandwidth, free SSL Certificate, domain, auto backups, dedicated IP Starting @ 299 Get Started Domains Easy-to-use Control Panel
Domain Theft Protection
Free Domain Transfer Starting @ 499 Get Started Most Loved WordPress Hosting 250+ Themes
3x speed with a Litespeed server
Automatic Backup/Local copy Starting @ 499 Get Started Best Value for Money VPS Hosting FREE Website Optimization Better Speed with NVMe
Cache Optimization Starting @ 489 Get Started Highly Recommended Dedicated Hosting High performance, Secured Panel, Imunify360 security and Acronis backup Starting @ 3628 Get Started Cloud Hosting Unlimited bandwidth
Advanced Backup & Restore
Auto Vertical/Horizontal Scaling Custom Plans Get Started Java Hosting Unmetered bandwidth, unlimited emails, free Control Panel , and built-in CSS/JS optimizer Starting @ 218 Get Started Source: Google.com Why page performance matters Longer page load times have a severe effect on bounce rates. For example:
If page load time increases from 1 second to 3 seconds, bounce rate increases 32%
If page load time increases from 1 second to 6 seconds, bounce rate increases by 106% What our Customers Say Manjeet Shergill (Founder) I’ve been associated with Hosting Raja since 2017 and it has been a great experience for me. My agency has been using their servers, hosting plans and domains extensively for our customers as well for our own business. Our account manager at Hosting Raja is excellent in terms of communication & support as well as their pricing and specifications are highly competitive. I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND you to go ahead with Hosting Raja. Saminuddin (Head Network Operation) Three things attract towards HostingRaja: 1. Value for money which one wont get anywhere else. 2. Most dedicated after tech support, you can find them – any time of the day when there’s an issue. Its the tech support which is impressive 3. Having a good communication with account manger, who helps me in all the way i need help in technically and on sales too he is in touch with me in personally thank you and kudo’s to Hosting raja. Manoj Agarwal (CEO) I’ve been hosting my business sites with HostingRaja for more than two years now. I found this as an excellent hosting company with the most affordable costs. Pages have consistently been up and haven’t had any complaints from my clients about the websites being slow. Don’t have much experience with their support, however, the couple of straightforward inquiries I have had have consistently been replied to in less than 15 minutes. I have been EXTREMELY SATISFIED with all parts of their hosting services. Mr. R K Bhatnagar (Founder & CEO) If you are looking for a web host that really cares how well your site does then come to “HostingRaja”. It is the best out there HANDS DOWN!! for all the support they have provided us. And they are more of customers oriented. It is also most convenient and best option for our needs. With them all our requirements were met perfectly. HostingRaja  FAQ’s What is Web Hosting? Web hosting is a service which allows the organizations and individuals to publish a website on the internet. In simple terms, web hosting services is a business and it offers the technologies required for the website to be viewed on the internet. Most probably the websites or web pages are hosted and saved on a special computer known as servers. If you want your website/business to be published online, your business website would require a web hosting service. However, here at HostingRaja business owners are provided with more than just web hosting services! For example, we employ our own in-house technicians to make sure your websites are up and running 24/7. We also help website owners who are in need of troubleshooting their websites if any problem arises. We are a professional web hosting service provider ensuring that you have a hassle-free experience, so that you can efficiently focus your time and effort on your business and we take care of your website. Are you an Indian web hosting company? I.e are you hosting all your websites in India? Indeed, we are a 100% Indian web hosting company i.e We have every one of our clients’ sites in Indian DataCenter. Probably the greatest benefit of picking us is that your site will remain SEO friendly(i.e better possibilities of your site being positioned on top of search engine) as you will be given a very quick loading time. Once you start Hosting your website with us, you will be noticing a super fast FTP connection. The main reason is because we provide a very low latency rate, which will help your website to load super fast. Can you help me to host a website? We will certainly help you to host your website . Once you contact us for Hosting your website, we will help you step by step making your website live on the internet as fast as possible. Please contact our support team using the support page. Being one of the best companies in India, It is our responsibility to guide our customers. When is the right time to buy web hosting plans from HostingRaja? When you’re ready to get online and get started with creating a digital presence for your brand, buy web hosting and other services from HostingRaja. You can get domain registration from HostingRaja as well and also buy added security features and business email plans to build a secure and diverse digital footprint. Buy web hosting plans and services from HostingRaja when you’re all set to go live and present yourself to your online audience. Can I start with Rs. 99 hosting plan now and later upgrade to premium or unlimited ? Yes, you can start with our Rs.99 hosting plan and then upgrade to premium or unlimited when the need arises. However we suggest you to go with unlimited and premium hosting plans to get better service with better CPU/RAM usages. What will be the limit for my accounts related to the email accounts and the number of websites? There is no constraint on the Email accounts and the website hosted by you with our unlimited and premium plans. But if you are utilizing Gold and Silver plans there will be some limitations. The server proposed to you can be totally utilized with no limitation. And furthermore can add the number of sites depending on the situation identified with the RAM, CPU, and inode constraints. . Will my website be secured? With regards to site security, HostingRaja has one of the most extraordinary highlights and gives the best need. You can have confidence that we give the most secured servers when contrasted with other hosting providers in India. Users in India can buy the servers from us with better certainty when the point is the security of the servers. What are the benefits that HostingRaja web hosting brings to you? Over the years HostingRaja has established itself as a trusted web hosting service provider. With years of experience and a large pool of happy customers, HostingRaja brings multiple benefits to all its customers. Apart from different other web hosting and domain hosting plans that are tailored to assist you to grow, you also benefit from: 24X7 Support via phone, chat, and email. 99.9% Uptime Affordable web hosting packages Expert help Will I get a free SSL certificate for my site? Yes, absolutely we give a free SSL certificate along with our unlimited and premium packages. Get to know more about the SSL certificate. Please learn more about SSL here . How to begin with HostingRaja’s hosting plans in India? Getting started with HostingRaja’s web hosting plan is very simple. Literally, in just three simple actions you can go online, all you need to do is: Choose a web hosting plan that best suits your needs. Pick a suitable domain name. Upload your website files or start building a new website. That’s it! You’re up and running. Read More >> You are in a Trusted Company Some of our 1,50,000+ Happy Customers 2,00,628 customers liked us on Facebook Hosting Web Hosting Premium Hosting WordPress Hosting Java Hosting Windows Hosting Reseller Hosting Unlimited Hosting Ecommerce Hosting cPanel Hosting Ovi Hosting Cheap Hosting Transfer Servers / Hosting Transfer Dedicated Servers Linux Dedicated Enterprise Dedicated Windows Dedicated HA Cluster Dedicated Free Control Panel Dedicated Services G-Suite SSL Certificate Acronis Backup Database Cluster Kubernetes Hosting Mail Channel Email Solutions VPS Linux VPS Unmanaged VPS Windows VPS HA Cluster VPS Free Control Panel VPS Servers Laravel Servers Nodejs Servers React Servers Python Servers MongoDB Servers AngularJS Servers ERP Servers Domains Domain Domain Name Availability .IN Domain .IO Domain .COM Domain .NET Domain .AI Domain .ORG Domain .CO.IN Domain Our Hosting Awards About-Us | Report Abuse | Report Spam | Report Complaints | Report Phishing | Report Scam | Report Malware | Report Escalation Login | Blog | Sitemap | Register | Forgot Password | Payment Method | Special Offers | Affiliates | Review ICANN Registrant Benefits and Responsibilities Specification | ICANN Registrant Benefits and Responsibilities Specification © 2011-2025 HostingRaja TM . All Rights Reserved Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy | Acceptable Use Policy | Refund Policy | Live Chat | Contact Us Chat with us , powered by LiveChat