Powerful Web Hosting
Solid, affordable web hosting to bring your website to life.
Unmetered Disk Space
Lightning Fast India Servers
24x7 Technical Support
Unmetered Bandwidth
99.9% Uptime Guarantee
30-day Money Back Guarantee

Enhance your online presence with our feature-rich web hosting plans. Whether you’re launching a blog or expanding your business, we’ve got everything you need.

Get Started Now!
Starts at
Rs.69/mo
Get the Best Web Hosting Services in India
.COM

Register Your Domain Name

Two Free Email Accounts
Easy-to-use Control Panel
Domain Theft Protection

Starting at
Rs.999/yr
Get Started!
SHARED HOSTING

Recommended For Basic Websites, Blogs

Unmetered Bandwidth
Professional Email Hosting
Free Domain for 1 Yr 

Starting at
Rs.69/mo
Get Started!
VPS HOSTING

Recommended For High-traffic Websites

Full Root Access
High-Speed SSD Storage
NVMe SSD storage

Starting at
Rs.349/mo
Get Started!
DEDICATED SERVERS

Recommended For High-traffic Websites and Custom Applications

High-performance Servers
Maximum Control
Managed Services Available

Starting at
Rs.6289/mo
Get Started!
Get Your Website Online
In Three Easy Steps
We help you establish your business's online presence effortlessly. From picking the perfect domain name to choosing affordable hosting plans, we give you everything you need to get your website up and running.
Step 1: Choose A Web Hosting Plan in India
Choose a website hosting plan that fits the needs of your business. Our hosting plans are flexible enough to fit a wide range of needs and budgets. Need guidance? Our hosting experts are available at 1800-209-8833 to help you choose the ideal plan.
Step 2: Select and Buy Domain Name
Picking the right domain name is very important for your online identity. We'll help you select a domain name that is simple, memorable and reflects your brand. Once you've found the perfect match, you can easily buy your domain name through our platform.
Step 3: Upload Your Website Files
With your hosting plan and domain name in place, it's time to bring your website to life. You can upload your own files or use a popular Content Management System (CMS) like WordPress to make a new website. Simply modify your domain name servers and your site will be online in no time with top website hosting.

Whether you're a small business owner or an entrepreneur, we've got the tools and support you need to establish your online presence with our website hosting services.
Managed VPS and Dedicated Hosting Services

Expert support for hosting a website on your VPS or dedicated server management. Our solutions cover setup, migration, security and optimisation. Let our skilled technicians handle your hosting needs, ensuring peak performance and reliability.

Managed VPS
Managed Dedicated

Our managed VPS hosting allows you to experience the ideal combination of performance and cost-effectiveness. Enjoy the benefits of a virtual private server with dedicated resources, coupled with expert management and support.

It’s perfect for growing businesses and websites requiring more power or if you’re looking to upgrade from shared hosting.

Managed VPS Server Hosting
Find A Domain Name For Your Website
Purchase a domain name and receive a 90-day free trial of 2 custom email accounts powered by Titan Email.
.com
Starts at Rs.999/yr
on 2 yr purchase
.in
Starts at ₹529/yr
on 2 yr purchase
.website
Starts at ₹1469 Rs.499/yr
on first year
The HostGator Advantage for Web Hosting Services in India
THE HOSTGATOR PROMISE
HOST IN INDIA
AWARDS
24x7 Support

Experience top-notch web hosting benefits with round-the-clock assistance via chat or email.

30-day Guarantee

Try our best web hosting plans risk-free, showcasing our confidence in our services.

99.9% Uptime

Ensure your website's constant availability, a key advantage of web hosting.

Your Trusted Hosting
Partner Since 2002

Here's what our customers
say about us

One of the most recognisable web hosting service provider, it is best for speed, reliability, and excellent support. It provides flexible hosting & domain options in market, with plans suitable for website owners, small businesses and big enterprises.
Suresh Gandhi,
Manager IT,
Ikon Technologies India Pvt Ltd
Hostgator is a reliable, fast and robust platform for all the needs of Hosting and Domain name management, Its interface (cPanel) is so easy to use that it makes really easy to launch a website within 5 minutes.
Pratik Sharma,
CEO,
Automaxis
Web Hosting Helpful Articles

How to Host a Website – A Complete Guide for Beginners

The first thing to consider when starting your website is to choose a web hosting provider (if you already have a web domain1). The web hosting provider provides the web space (i.e. special computers called web servers) where your website files are stored...

Read More
Top 10 Features to Look for in a Web Hosting Provider

Do you want to make a website for your business? Or do you have a blog project you want to start? If so, you need web hosting. The process of renting space on a web server to keep all of the files that make up your website is called web hosting...

Read More
Start Building Your Website Today!
Starts at ₹69/mo Get Started!
HOSTING
Shared Hosting
Cloud Hosting
Reseller Hosting
KVM VPS Hosting
Managed VPS Hosting
Dedicated Server
Managed Dedicated Server
Application Hosting
Titan Email
DOMAINS
Register Domains
Transfer Domains
IDN Domains
Digital Certificates
CodeGuard
SiteLock
DEALS
Hot Deals
Affiliate Sign Up
Affiliate Login
Compare Plans
SUPPORT
Customer Portal
Support Portal
Payment Options
Forums
COMPANY
About HostGator
Host in India
Awards & Reviews
Press & Media
Company Blog
Contact Us
  
Who can benefit from Hostgator?

Anyone and any business that wants to get online and grow online can benefit from Hostgator. Suppose, you’re just getting started or revamping your online presence, and you’re a small, or medium-sized business, or a blogger. In that case, Hostgator helps you and allows you to get online and make the most of it with a wide range of domain and web hosting services in India . Purchase Hosting from us, and get the tools, support and all the necessary features that can help you create an impactful online presence.

What are the benefits that Hostgator web hosting brings to you?

Over the years Hostgator has established itself as a trusted web hosting service provider. With years of experience and a large pool of happy customers, Hostgator brings multiple benefits to all its customers. Apart from various web hosting and domain hosting plans that are tailored to help you grow, you also benefit from:

24X7 Support via chat and email.
99.9% Uptime
30 days money-back guarantee
Affordable and attractive web hosting and domain hosting packages
Expert help
… and a lot more!

When is the right time to buy web hosting plans from Hostgator?

When you’re ready to get online and get started with creating a digital presence for your brand, buy web hosting and other services from Hostgator. You can get domain registration from Hostgator as well and also buy added security features and business email plans to build a secure and diverse digital footprint. Buy web hosting plans and services from Hostgator when you’re all set to go live and present yourself to your online audience.

Why choose Hostgator over other website hosting brands?

The web hosting industry is crowded, but not everyone is in it for the same reason. Hostgator is committed to helping small and medium-sized businesses grow, and thus all web hosting plans, tools, and services are specially tailored to help customers succeed. The 24X7 support by experts via phone, chat and email is just one of the many ways Hostgator works towards providing one of the very best domain and website hosting services. Each hosting plan and service has been carefully put together, keeping in mind the needs of the customers and how it will help them grow with the Hostgator Advantage powering them on.

How to get started with Hostgator’s hosting plans in India?

Getting started with the Hostgator web hosting plan is as easy as 1,2,3! Literally, in just three steps you can get started on your online journey, all you need to do is:

Choose a web hosting plan that best suits your needs
Pick a suitable domain name
Upload your website files or start building a new website
That’s it! You’re up and running.

Sitemap | Legal | Privacy Policy | Cookies Settings | Do Not Sell My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 HostGator.in Web Hosting