Managed web hosting & server solutions | Fully managed hosting services provider ▶️ HOSTISERVER English en Choose your language Česky English Українська Sign in Subtotal VAT ( %) total open checkout No items in the shopping cart. VPS Dedicated CDN Backup Domains Support Contacts Subtotal VAT ( %) total open checkout No items in the shopping cart. #StandWith Ukraine War in Ukraine is going on. Join the support of Ukrainians in their struggle. Happy New Year and Merry Christmas! Hosting solutions for every requirement. Your journey to the perfect hosting starts here. 2026 VPS hosting Enjoy the easiest start in web you could ever imagine. $19.95/mo Dedicated servers Highest performance and rock-solid reliability. $100/mo CDN Boost server performance and speed up your website $20/mo Online Server Backup Reliable backup you can fall back on. $10 / 250 Gb Comprehensive Managed Web Hosting Solutions for Your Business At Hostiserver, we offer a full range of fully managed hosting services to meet the diverse needs of our clients. Whether you're looking for reliable hosting, scalable VPS solutions or powerful dedicated servers, we have everything you need. Entry-level Get your project off the ground without bogging down in everyday web hosting operations. Stay focused on what you're trully good at - launching new websites and running your business. High-load Growing workloads demand scalability and true expertise to ensure the highest level of performance. Leverage our devoted team to keep your infrastructure up-to-date and make your business forge ahead. Custom solutions Challenge us! We are ready to perform the most complicated tasks. Let's work together to build something amazing. Managed web hosting Solutions Tailor-made web hosting environment backed by the expertised support team for your online business success High-load websites Media-rich websites Tube websites E-commerce Game websites Popular blogs Our partners Our fully managed hosting services include: VPS Hosting : Our Virtual Private Server (VPS) plans offer you the flexibility and control of a dedicated server with the cost-effectiveness of shared hosting. Dedicated Servers : Our high-performance dedicated servers provide unparalleled computing power, disk space and customization options for businesses and critical applications. Explore our dedicated server offerings. CDN Services : Enhance your website's speed and performance with our Content Delivery Network (CDN) services ensuring a smooth user experience for your visitors. Start using our CDN today. Backup and Storage : Protect your valuable data with our comprehensive backup and storage solutions giving you peace of mind and ensuring the continuity of your business. Learn more about our backup and storage options. Domain Registration : Secure your online presence with our reliable domain registration services offering a wide selection of domain extensions (TLDs). Register your domain with us. At Hostiserver, we strive to provide our clients with the best managed web hosting services backed by our exceptional customer support and industry-leading uptime guarantees. Contact us today to learn more about how we can help your business thrive online! Explore Our Articles 301 Redirect HTTP to HTTPS: Complete Guide for Apache, Nginx, Cloudflare Step-by-step guide for setting up 301 redirect HTTP→HTTPS. Configs for Apache 2.2/2.4, Nginx with HTTP/2, Cloudflare Page Rules. How to avoid redirect loops, configure HSTS, verify everything works. Checklist and FAQ included. 1 19825 Why Your Website Is Slow: 5 Causes and How to Fix Them A slow website isn't a technical issue — it's a hole in your budget. We analyze 5 causes of slowdowns: from heavy images to slow servers. Concrete solutions, diagnostic tools, and a self-check checklist. 0 59 SQL Injection Protection in 2026: Complete Guide by Hostiserver SQL Injection has remained in OWASP Top 10 for over 20 years. This guide contains real protection configurations from the Hostiserver team: prepared statements for PHP/Python/Node.js, ModSecurity WAF setup, MySQL hardening and monitoring. Includes analysis of recent CVEs 2024-2025 and recommended PHP/MySQL versions for 2026. 0 89 Redis Ports: Configuration, Security & Setup Guide 2026 Complete Redis ports guide: 6379, 16379, 26379. Security with ACL & TLS, port configuration, multiple instances, troubleshooting. Updated for Redis 8. 0 99 How to Choose Hosting for WordPress: Practical Tips for a Fast Website WordPress powers 43.6% of all websites in the world — that’s 80-120 million
active projects. But most owners don’t understand the difference between
“WordPress hosting” and a properly configured infrastructure. 0 92 Cloud(VPS) vs Dedicated Server 2026: Which Choice Will Save Your Business Thousands of Dollars Choosing between a Cloud VPS and a dedicated server is not just a technical question, but a financial decision that can cost your business thousands of dollars. In this article, we break it down in detail. 0 167 DDoS attacks and detection: how to keep your website resilient DDoS attacks in 2025 increased by 358% and can cost businesses from $8,000 to $1.1 million in losses. This article examines how modern attacks work, what protection methods exist, and what to do right now to avoid becoming a victim. Includes real cases, step-by-step instructions, and security check checklists. 0 104 When Linux Says “Permission Denied” Ever hit a wall with Linux's stubborn "Permission Denied"? Dive into real-world hacks and checklists that turn frustration into mastery—boost your dev skills and sidestep costly server hiccups today! 0 42 How to Host a PHP Website: Key Factors to Consider How to host a PHP site? Tips on choosing hosting, boosting speed, and securing servers for blogs and small projects. 0 111 How to Choose the Right Server Configuration for High-Traffic Websites in 2025 Is your website slowing down under heavy traffic? Discover which server settings truly boost speed and how to prevent overload in 2025. 0 42 More Articles mail us live chat sign up log in Managed Dedicated Server Hosting and Managed VPS Services. Full support and server tuning for demanding web projects. Virtual Servers Dedicated Servers Content Delivery Network (CDN) Backup Hosting Domains Tech. Support Contacts Articles Palworld Server Hosting SmartCJ, TCMS hosting Term of use Privacy policy Referral Program Speedtest English Choose your language Česky English Українська © 2011-2026 Copyright IT Services Company s.r.o. All Rights Reserved. Česky English Українська Payment Options {
"message" : "C_MY_INFO:001: need auth",
"status" : "ERROR"
} By using this website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy and cookie policy. I accept