HostArmada - Fast, Reliable and Stable Web Hosting Winter Deals 80% OFF Website & WordPress Hosting + 2 Free Months 30% OFF Reseller Hosting 50% OFF VPS & Dedicated CPU Servers SHOP NOW WordPress WordPress Hosting Lightning-fast, secure, and hassle-free WooCommerce Hosting Created with conversion, speed, and scalability in mind! Need Consultation? Chat with our Sales representatives and get valuable insights on all our products! Contact Sales WordPress Hosting Lightning-fast WordPress Hosting featuring Free SSL, multi-firewall security, and full compatibility with Cloudflare CDN. Every plan also comes with a Free website transfer and 24/7 premium technical support! Web Hosting Website Hosting PROMO Versatile in purpose, unmatched in performance Reseller Hosting PROMO Massive earning potential and scaling growth! VPS Hosting PROMO Affordable and Reliable VPS Hosting for Performance-Driven Workloads Cloud Servers PROMO High-Performance Cloud Servers Optimized for Growth and Scalability Dedicated CPU Hosting PROMO Dedicated CPU Cloud solutions for optimal power Developer Friendly Hosting PROMO Bundled with tools for web developers Magento Hosting PROMO Secure and optimized environment for peak store performance Need Consultation? Chat with our Sales representatives and get valuable insights on all our products! Contact Sales Shared Hosting Enjoy beginner-friendly Shared Hosting with high-speed servers, Free SSL, firewall protection, and Cloudflare CDN. Get Free migration and 24/7 technical support with each web hosting plan! Pricing Domains About Us Contact Us 24/7/365 Assistance for your Web Hosting needs About HostArmada Built on innovation, transparency, and happy people Blog Learn, grow, and stay ahead with us. Reviews, Awards, and Testimonials Real feedback, expert reviews, and trusted awards. 24/7/365 Technical Support Responsive, Fast, Precise - our tech fleet! Data Centers Enterprise hardware and low-latency global coverage. Loading Speed NVMe-powered performance and server-side caching. Security Enterprise-grade website security, managed for you. Need Consultation? Chat with our Sales representatives and get valuable insights on all our products! Contact Sales Contact Us Get in touch with any HostArmada crew – whether it’s technical support, billing, sales, or abuse reports, our teams are available 24/7/365 through chat, phone, email, and tickets. We’re always here when you need us. Affiliates Sign In Home WordPress WordPress Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Web Hosting Website Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Cloud Servers Dedicated CPU Hosting Developer Friendly Hosting Magento Hosting Pricing Domains About Us Contact Us About HostArmada Blog Reviews, Awards, and Testimonials 24/7/365 Technical Support Data Centers Loading Speed Security Affiliates Learning Center Login Call Email NOW UP TO 80% OFF! From first click to real success: Reliable Web Hosting starts here! We bring your ideas online with powerful web hosting solutions built for growth and success! Plans starting at $1.99/mo + 2 Months and a Domain Name for FREE! Get Deal Now! Trustpilot FREE Domain Name for selected products FREE Optimization out of the box FREE SSL Certificates for all your domains FREE 24/7 Support by certified experts What makes our Web Hosting Service the Right choice for you? Cloud Technology Our services are powered by cutting edge Cloud Technology that
																																																																																																												            provides outstanding Reliability and Redundancy. Where the standard
																																																																																																												            bare-metal based Web Hosting fails, is where the Cloud technology
																																																																																																												            shines - the availability to upgrade the hardware components with
																																																																																																												            zero downtime and zero data loss. Lightning fast website loading Speed The Loading Speed of every website is undoubtedly one of the leading
																																																																																																												            SEO ranking factors today. With that in mind, we meticulously
																																																																																																												            optimized our Web Hosting plans to meet the Loading Speed
																																																																																																												            requirements of every website out-of-the-box. Of course, that is not
																																																																																																												            always optimal due to the complexity of today's modern website, for
																																																																																																												            which we exclusively provide on-demand, dedicated website
																																																																																																												            optimization for every website that we host. Web Security You can rely on Multiple layers of security firewalls ensure the safety of our
																																																																																																												            entire web hosting environment. Thanks to the innovations in the AI
																																																																																																												            field, our security services will adapt to every type of malicious
																																																																																																												            attack! From Opensource applications to custom scripts, we are
																																																																																																												            confident that your websites will remain safe with us! Guaranteed stability and uptime All our services come with a 99.9% uptime guarantee as standard. Our
																																																																																																												            technical experts are committed to delivering optimal reliability
																																																																																																												            and monitoring our infrastructure 24/7/365 to ensure that your
																																																																																																												            website is always available for your visitors. Should we fail to
																																																																																																												            deliver the 99.9% guarantee, you will be compensated accordingly for
																																																																																																												            every hour of additional downtime. Technical Support from certified experts Thanks to our 24/7 available Technical Support experts, you will
																																																																																																												            never be alone in the obstacles or issues you might be facing.
																																																																																																												            Whether your website is down or you need assistance with application
																																																																																																												            installation/update/migration, we are always here to help! We answer
																																																																																																												            all received chats and phone calls immediately while we handle all
																																																																																																												            tickets within 10 minutes of submission. Data centers within the reach of your visitors All Hosting types VPS and Dedicated CPU Hosting Only Los Angeles, USA VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Chicago, USA VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Atlanta, USA VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Miami, USA VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Sao Paolo, BR VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Madrid, ES VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Paris, FR VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Amsterdam, NL VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Stockholm, SE VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Chennai, IN VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Jakarta, ID VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Tokyo, JP VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Sydney, AU Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Fremont, USA Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Dallas, USA Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Newark, USA Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Toronto, CA Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting London, UK Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Frankfurt, DE Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Milan, IT Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Mumbai, IN Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Singapore, SG Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting Osaka, JP Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting DCPU Hosting 11+ 12 11 Cloud Shared Hosting and 23 Cloud VPS Data Centers 100% Network Uptime 12 Gbps Network Speed 24/7 Technical Support Get Started Data centers within the reach of your visitors All Hosting types VPS and Dedicated CPU Hosting Only North America Europe Asia and Pacific 11+ 12 11 Cloud Shared Hosting and 23 Cloud VPS Data Centers 100% Network Uptime 12 Gbps Network Speed 24/7 Technical Support Get Started Not convinced yet? Here is what our customers think about our service! Best Hosting Service “Host Armada is the best hosting service I've found in my last 10 years online. Their tech people are really sharp and always helpful and patient. They are working hard to make a reputation in the highly-competitive hosting market, and you can get to be the beneficiary. I highly recommend them.” Don Clasen Perfect Hosting Setup I'm now with my websites a.o. victoriana.co.nz approx. one year with Host Armada and I must say that my sites do very well. I did not need to contact Armada for anything. All went well, no spam or any hiccups. Definitely 5 out of 5 stars. Highly Recommended! Jan Smeets Value for money Great services and offered at great prices. On top of that - top support service. I am a new customer and had issues with moving my website from my previous hosting site to Host Armada. Their tech support was amazing. Got me through my issue and provided me with explanations and provided resources. Great company! You will not be disappointed! Dr. Michael Oliver Great product and service! The service at hostarmada was a really good experience. I had two problems and both were solved very quickly through the ticket system. I am very happy with the product and the service. Simon Deubele The best web hosting provider! I've been with so many web hosts, but HostArmada is by far the best. Their support is top-notch. They're super quick to respond to my tickets and sort out any issues I'm having or concerns. Well done, team! Angelique Previous Next Ready to get started? Experience the Loading Speed, Security and Stability your visitors
            deserve or let us answer all your questions and help you choose the
            best plan for you! Plans & pricing Chat With Sales HostArmada will enhance your visitors' experience with a uniquely optimized and stable Cloud SSD based Web Hosting service at an affordable price. STAY TUNED Receive news, offers, web hosting tips, tricks and other useful materials! WEB HOSTING SERVICES WordPress Hosting WooCommerce Hosting Website Hosting Cloud Servers Reseller Hosting Dedicated CPU Hosting Magento Hosting Cloud Node.js Hosting Domains Pricing ABOUT HOSTARMADA About HostArmada Contact us Blog Reviews & Testimonials Affiliate Program Legal & Terms of Service (ToS) Privacy Policy Website Loading Speed Website Security Data Centers & Locations Partners LEARN & GET HELP Tutorials cPanel Tutorials WHM Tutorials WordPress Tutorials WooCommerce Tutorials Magento Tutorials Knowledge Base Technical Support Contact Sales Sign In Copyright HostArmada.com. All Rights Reserved. Payments We Accept