 
🇺🇸  US (English)
 
24/7 Support 
 Sign In
HostPapa Logo
Hosting
Websites
Domains
Email & Office
Apps
Security
SAVE UP TO 77% ON WEB HOSTING
Powerful Web Hosting Services Designed for You
Every day, over 500,000 website owners trust HostPapa for fast and affordable web hosting, domain registration, email hosting, and more!
Ultra-Fast Website Performance & Storage
Risk-Free 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee1
24/7 Industry-Leading Customer Support

Plans as low as $2.95 per month2

Get Started
 Compare Plans
4.8/5
From 1,000+ reviews
2024 Best Hosting
4.7/5
"Award-winning web hosting"
Performance Web Hosting at Competitive Prices
30-Day Money-Back Guarantee2
and
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
included with all plans.
BEGINNER-FRIENDLY

Web

Hosting

Beginner-friendly Web Hosting with essential tools and resources.
$2.95
per month 1

with 3-year discounted term; renews at regular rate
See All Plans
MOST POPULAR

WordPress

Hosting

Build a powerful website with most popular content management system.
$2.95
per month 1

with 3-year discounted term; renews at regular rate
See All Plans
SCALABLE POWER

VPS

Hosting

Dedicated server resources for fast, reliable hosting performance.
$5.95
per month 1

with 3-year discounted term; renews at regular rate
See All Plans
DEDICATED SERVER

Dedicated

Hosting

Complete server control for resource intensive web applications.
$59.95
per month

low fixed price renews at the same monthly rate
See All Plans
More great features for the best website hosting experience.
NVMe Storage
Free SSL Certificate
CloudLinux

HostPapa uses NVMe (nonvolatile memory express) for data storage. Simply put, this means a much faster loading speed for your website hosting. If your server can display your website at lightning speed, this will contribute to the user experience on your site. This includes more time spent on the site, more interaction, more pages visited—eventually helping you achieve your website’s goals, whether that’s selling your product, sharing your expertise, or other objectives.

Why choose HostPapa for your web hosting?

Reliable Servers & Technology

We only invest in top-tier technology and servers to ensure your website’s optimal performance.

Enhanced for Speed & Performance

You can count on our technology to help you achieve blazing-fast page load speeds.

Commitment to Security

Offer your visitors peace of mind with secure web hosting, including a Free SSL Certificate to ensure safe browsing.

Award-Winning Support

Our in-house PapaSquad team of experts provide the support you need, whenever you need it.

100% Satisfaction Guaranteed

Several of our services are backed by an unconditional guarantee, allowing you to try them risk-free.

Your first choice for powerful WordPress hosting!

Select the WordPress option that best suits your needs:

WordPress Hosting

Premium website hosting services tailored for WordPress, featuring advanced optimization and pre-installed software, giving your new website the ultimate head start.

Get Started
Get started with WordPress

Managed WordPress Hosting

Effortless WordPress Hosting! Our Managed WordPress solution includes hassle-free management of back-end tasks, issue resolution, regular backups, and more. Plus, with advanced security and performance enhancements, your site will run flawlessly to give you peace of mind.

Get Started
Get started with Managed WordPress
We migrate your website & domain for Free.
(Yes, you read that right.)
Try our Web Hosting services risk-free for 30 days1. If you don't love us, we’ll let you return to your existing web host for Free!
Free Domain Transfer1
Do you already have a domain name? You can transfer it to HostPapa for Free and set up your website on our powerful servers, which are guaranteed 99.9% uptime.
Avoid Downtime While Moving
We take away worries about downtime. One of our migration experts will help you through the entire website migration process Free of charge. This is what we do every day!
Plans & Prices
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
At HostPapa, we're so confident you'll love our services that we offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you're not satisfied within your first 30 days with us, we'll make things right by giving you a full refund.1
Choose Your Plan
Web Hosting Services Built for Every Business

HostPapa is here to help with every step of your digital journey!

Domains

Launch your online identity with a custom domain name. We can help you find the right name for your business in 60 seconds.

More Domains
Learn more about domains
Websites

Easily create your own website with our website builder: You select a theme, make it your own, and get your website online today!

More Websites
Learn more about our website builder
Hosting
Our affordable web hosting includes a free domain name (on select plans), easy-to-use tools, ultra fast storage, and free apps.
More Hosting
Learn more about our hosting plans
Email

We offer several enterprise-grade hosted email plans for your small business. Choose the one that’s right for you.

More Email
Learn more about our email services

START WITH A DOMAIN

Have an idea? We'll set you up with a domain name!
Search

.us

$13.99

.com

$12.99

.net

$12.99

.org

$12.99

.co

$36.99

.xyz

$2.99

WEBSITE BUILDER

Launch your website or online store in a snap with HostPapa!
Create a stunning website for your business with our easy-to-use website builder and 100’s of professionally designed templates. We provide easy-to-understand step-by-step instructions, and every website is automatically optimized for all devices, making it easier than ever to launch your online presence.

BUSINESS EMAIL

Stand out with professional emails from your domain.
Transform your small business with professional email solutions. Say goodbye to generic addresses and get custom domain emails that instantly boost your credibility with customers. Our hosted email platform gives growing businesses the enterprise-level features you need without technical headaches or high costs.

Consistently Awesome

We're not trying to brag (okay, maybe just a little), but with a 97% support satisfaction rate, we're basically the MVP of web hosting.

ONE GLOBAL TEAM

Need help?
The PapaSquad is here!

Can’t decide on the perfect domain name? Want to build an awesome website without breaking a sweat? Or maybe you need a hand configuring your business email? Whatever it is, our PapaSquad is always ready to save the day. So hit us up, and let us show you what we're made of!

Live Chat

Join a chat help session in seconds.

Chat now!

Email

Prefer emails and tickets? Works for us.

Send us an email.

Phone

Give us a call day or night.

Call us!
Wondering what our customers have to say?
 
4.8/5
"Excellent" from 1,000+ reviews
4.5/5
From 12,000+ reviews
96%
"Best Hosting Company"
4.7/5
"Award-winning web hosting"
😀

"Growing My Digital Marketing Business With HostPapa"

Stewart Gauld

Owner, https://stewartgauld.com/
😍

"The best hosting company"

So far you guys are the best hosting company among others I have been dealing with in the past 20 years, Hostpapa is the best.

Samuel Cheung

Site Owner, https://infeelministry.com
🙂

"In 2 Days I Had My Website Up & Running"

Silvana Santiago

Owner, https://crossheat.co.nz
😀

"Why Nonprofits Choose HostPapa's Web Hosting"

Bob Askew

Founder, https://foodcontrolplan.com
😍

"Everything works well"

Don't change anything. Everything works well for me the way it is. Any issues or problems I have had with my site have been dealt with in a quick and competent manner. Employees are very courteous and helpful.

Joanne Walmsley

Site Owner, https://wordsonpoint.ca
🙂

"Launching Your Creative Media Studio"

Jade Bechara

Co Founder, https://brownsugarsolutions.com
😍

"Double Thumbs Up From a Wellness Practitioner"

Sonja Courtis

Entrepreneur, https://sonjacourtis.com
🙂

"Couldn't have had a better experience"

Your staff were so responsive and sympathetic, thank you so much – couldn't have had a better experience.

Janet Rae Diveky

Site Owner, https://diveky.ca
You may have seen us featured in:
HostPapa Logo

Smart website solutions for small businesses. Be part of the HostPapa family!

Email Address
Subscribe
Facebook
X
Linkedin
Youtube
TikTok
Instagram
Pinterest

About HostPapa

About HostPapa
Careers
Contact
Affiliates
Press Room
Why HostPapa
Service Guarantee
Customer Testimonials
Free Migration

Customer Tools

My Account
Customer Care Centre
Knowledge Base
Blog
Network Status

Web Hosting

Web Hosting
Optimized WordPress
Managed WordPress
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Reseller Hosting
PapaCare
All Self Hosted Apps
Compare Web Hosting

Additional Services

Domains
Website Builder
Do-It-For-Me
Custom Website Design
Automated Website Backup
Business Email
Microsoft 365
Google Workspace
Protection Power
SiteLock
SSL Certificates
1
Promotional pricing, if offered, is for the first term only, and for new customers only. Plans renew at regular rates.
2
Only selected Web Hosting and WordPress Hosting plans with billing terms of 1+ years include 1 (one) free new domain registration or domain transfer. Offer only valid at the time of hosting purchase. Domains renew after one year at then-current rates. Offer available only on select domain name extensions. Note: If the hosting account is cancelled in the first term, a non-refundable domain fee will be applied. HostPapa reserves the right to modify or end the offer at any time without notice. For more information and a list of eligible domain name extensions, please read our Knowledge Base article.

High-Speed Performance

Our hosting services are built for speed and efficiency, utilizing cutting-edge technologies.

Service Champions

Award-winning for a reason, but it's not rocket science. Great service is a result of a fantastic team that powers it.

100% Global

Global and remote, our team is spread across 37 countries so you're safe whatever the language or timezone!

100% Service Guarantee

Over 500,000 website owners trust HostPapa every day to manage their websites.

© 2025  HostPapa, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy