Press Option+1 for screen-reader mode, Option+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting | New window
WINTER DEALS
 80% OFF WEBSITE & WORDPRESS HOSTING + 2 FREE MONTHS
 30% OFF RESELLER HOSTING
 50% OFF VPS & DEDICATED CPU SERVERS
SHOP NOW
WordPress 
Web Hosting 
Pricing
Domains
About Us 
Affiliates
Sign In 
NOW UP TO 80% OFF!
From first click to real success: Reliable Web Hosting starts here!
We bring your ideas online with powerful web hosting solutions built for growth and success!
Plans starting at $1.99/mo + 2 Months and a Domain Name for FREE!
Get Deal Now!
FREE Domain Name

for selected products

FREE Optimization

out of the box

FREE SSL Certificates

for all your domains

FREE 24/7 Support

by certified experts

What makes our Web Hosting Service the Right choice for you?
Cloud
Technology
Our services are powered by cutting edge Cloud Technology that provides outstanding Reliability and Redundancy. Where the standard bare-metal based Web Hosting fails, is where the Cloud technology shines - the availability to upgrade the hardware components with zero downtime and zero data loss.
Lightning fast
website loading Speed
The Loading Speed of every website is undoubtedly one of the leading SEO ranking factors today. With that in mind, we meticulously optimized our Web Hosting plans to meet the Loading Speed requirements of every website out-of-the-box. Of course, that is not always optimal due to the complexity of today's modern website, for which we exclusively provide on-demand, dedicated website optimization for every website that we host.
Web Security
You can rely on
Multiple layers of security firewalls ensure the safety of our entire web hosting environment. Thanks to the innovations in the AI field, our security services will adapt to every type of malicious attack! From Opensource applications to custom scripts, we are confident that your websites will remain safe with us!
Guaranteed
stability and uptime
All our services come with a 99.9% uptime guarantee as standard. Our technical experts are committed to delivering optimal reliability and monitoring our infrastructure 24/7/365 to ensure that your website is always available for your visitors. Should we fail to deliver the 99.9% guarantee, you will be compensated accordingly for every hour of additional downtime.
Technical Support
from certified experts
Thanks to our 24/7 available Technical Support experts, you will never be alone in the obstacles or issues you might be facing. Whether your website is down or you need assistance with application installation/update/migration, we are always here to help! We answer all received chats and phone calls immediately while we handle all tickets within 10 minutes of submission.
Data centers within the reach of your visitors
All Hosting types
VPS and Dedicated CPU Hosting Only
11+12

11 Cloud Shared Hosting and 23 Cloud VPS Data Centers

100%

Network Uptime

12 Gbps

Network Speed

24/7

Technical Support

Get Started 
Not convinced yet?
Here is what our customers think about our service!
    
Best Hosting Service
“Host Armada is the best hosting service I've found in my last 10 years online. Their tech people are really sharp and always helpful and patient. They are working hard to make a reputation in the highly-competitive hosting market, and you can get to be the beneficiary. I highly recommend them.”
Don Clasen
Previous
Next
Ready to get started?

Experience the Loading Speed, Security and Stability your visitors deserve or let us answer all your questions and help you choose the best plan for you!

Plans & pricing  Chat With Sales 

HostArmada will enhance your visitors' experience with a uniquely optimized and stable Cloud SSD based Web Hosting service at an affordable price.

STAY TUNED

Receive news, offers, web hosting tips, tricks and other useful materials!

WEB HOSTING SERVICES
WordPress Hosting
WooCommerce Hosting
Website Hosting
Cloud Servers
Reseller Hosting
Dedicated CPU Hosting
Magento Hosting
Cloud Node.js Hosting
Domains
Pricing
ABOUT HOSTARMADA
About HostArmada
Contact us
Blog
Reviews & Testimonials
Affiliate Program
Legal & Terms of Service (ToS)
Privacy Policy
Website Loading Speed
Website Security
Data Centers & Locations
Partners
LEARN & GET HELP
Tutorials
cPanel Tutorials
WHM Tutorials
WordPress Tutorials
WooCommerce Tutorials
Magento Tutorials
Knowledge Base
Technical Support
Contact Sales
Sign In
Copyright 2025 HostArmada.com. All Rights Reserved.

Payments We Accept

   
 Home
WordPress
WordPress Hosting
WooCommerce Hosting
Web Hosting
Website Hosting
Reseller Hosting
VPS Hosting
Cloud Servers
Dedicated CPU Hosting
Developer Friendly Hosting
Magento Hosting
Pricing
Domains
About Us
Contact Us
About HostArmada
Blog
Reviews, Awards, and Testimonials
24/7/365 Technical Support
Data Centers
Loading Speed
Security
Affiliates
Learning Center
 Login
 Call
 Email
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
By continuing to use our site, you accept our cookie policy Terms
Accept cookiesCustomize cookies