Server, Network Infrastructure & IP Address Market - Heficed Partners Reseller Program Partners Company About Us Customers Blog Contacts Help Knowledge Base API Docs Contact Sales Back Bare Metal Bare Metal Servers Managed Servers Locations Bare Metal Pricing Cloud Hosting Cloud Hosting Locations Cloud Pricing Partners Reseller Program Partners Company About Us Customers Blog Contacts Help Knowledge Base API Docs Sign In Sign In Sign Up Sign Up Built for Hyperscalers, Adopted by Enterprises Heficed empowers you to scale your business worldwide effortlessly with IP addresses, virtual servers and bare-metal using one platform. High Performance Infrastructure 14-Day Money Back Guarantee BGP Communities 99.9% Uptime 9 Global Data Center Locations Full API Access Get Started Registration is free. No commitment required. They Trust Us Discounts for Bare Metal Discounts for dedicated servers are available in all data centers. Up to 62% , prices start from $49.00/mo . Explore Deals Infrastructure as a Service Scalable infrastructure that meets enterprise needs Cloud Servers Cloud Servers empower you to utilize the compute and IP resources right when you need them. From $5.00/mo Locations 6 Learn More Pricing Bare-Metal Servers Designed for the most demanding businesses that require high performance, stability and data security. From $49.00/mo Locations 9 Learn More Pricing Heficed Global Data Center Locations Reach clients around the globe at top-tier, ISO-certified data centers. Heficed offers unique locations in Johannesburg and Sao Paulo, as well as several locations in North America and Europe. Bare Metal Cloud Servers Chicago, US Los Angeles, US Reston, US São Paulo, BR Frankfurt, DE London, UK Milan, IT Johannesburg, ZA Lagos, NG Chicago, US São Paulo, BR Johannesburg, ZA “Very happy to work with Heficed. At the time I chose to work with them, they were one of the only Virtual Environment service providers in South America. The service and customer care are great. I enjoyed very much meeting Vincentas and Aistis, the CEO and CTO of the company, in my hometown Tel Aviv. They made me realize that listening to the customers is a top priority for Heficed.” Tomer Douek IT & Compliance Manager Solutions by Industry Leverage more than a decade of Heficed’s experience with IPs, infrastructure and network services. Built for the VPN, cybersecurity, hosting and business intelligence industries. For Business Intelligence Find and acquire the data you need quickly and efficiently. Utilize extensive IP resources using our powerful infrastructure. Learn More For Hosting Providers Heficed empowers partners to scale up and create revenue by reselling white-label infrastructure and IP solutions. Learn More For VPN & Cybersecurity Impeccable connection speeds and a secure infrastructure developed to cover all of your VPN business needs. Learn More They Talk About Heficed Knowledge Base Find answers to all questions regarding Heficed services and solutions. Find Answers Heficed FAQ Learn more about Heficed’s services. Is Heficed support available 24/7? Yes, our support is available 24/7. You can contact us via Live Chat or by submitting a ticket via the Terminal . Please note that you can also find answers to many of your questions using Knowledge Base . Is Heficed a trusted company? Heficed is a service provider that is owned by a UK-based company, Digital Energy Technologies Ltd., which has teams of experts based in the UK and Lithuania operating since 2009. Heficed is trusted by a wide range of companies, from large enterprises to mid-sized companies and startups. We have helped deliver success to thousands of clients around the world. Learn more about our Customers and their journey with Heficed. How many infrastructure locations does Heficed have, and what is Heficed network uptime? Heficed has 9 infrastructure locations: Chicago (US), Reston (US), Los Angeles (US), São Paulo (BR), London (UK), Frankfurt (DE), Milan (IT), Johannesburg (NG). These locations were picked based on our clients’ demands. We offer a Service uptime guarantee of 99.9% of available time per month. However, we always strive for a 100% network uptime guarantee. Heficed also provides DDoS protection in all of our locations to ensure the highest uptime possible. We use layer 3 DDoS Mitigation Service, which provides the most optimal protection for the Heficed infrastructure. Furthermore, we will offer additional DDoS protection for our customers in the near future. How can I migrate my server to Heficed? To migrate your server to the Heficed infrastructure, please submit a ticket via the Terminal , and we will help you as soon as possible. The team will need your login details to review your current server setup and to estimate the time we will need to complete the migration. Contact Sales First name* Last name* Your email* Phone number Company name Please leave this field empty. Please leave this field empty. Your message I agree to the use of my personal information in accordance with Heficed Privacy Policy . Submit Services Bare Metal Servers Cloud Hosting IP Transit Business Hosting Industry Business Intelligence Cybersecurity Partners Partners Reseller Program Company About Us Customers Blog Press Legal Help Knowledge Base Resource Library API Docs Status Page Report Abuse Sign up for our monthly newsletter to receive news and updates Please leave this field empty. Please leave this field empty. Subscribe ©2022 Heficed. All rights reserved. Sitemap