Affordable hotels in Europe and in the world | B&B HOTELS Menu opener Destinations Back France Back Our best destinations Paris Marseille Lyon Toulouse Nice Nantes Montpellier Strasbourg Bordeaux Lille Rennes Reims Toulon Le Havre Grenoble Angers Clermont-Ferrand Aix-en-Provence Brest Amiens Bayonne All our hotels in France Germany Back Our best destinations Berlin München Frankfurt am Main Hamburg Köln Düsseldorf Stuttgart Hannover Nürnberg Dresden Leipzig Mainz Rostock Ulm Schweinfurt Kassel Augsburg Braunschweig Bremen Kiel Freiburg Aachen All our hotels in Germany Italy Back Our best destinations Arezzo Bergamo Brescia Bologna Bolzano Como Cortina d’Ampezzo Cremona Cuneo Faenza Ferrara Firenze Genova Mantova Milano Modena Monza Napoli Palermo Padova Pescara Pisa Ravenna Roma Sassari Savona Torino Trento Treviso Trieste Udine Varese Venezia Verona All our hotels in Italy Portugal Back Our best destinations Braga Lamaçaes Cantanhede Coimbra Famalicão Felgueiras Figueira da Foz Guimarães Leiría Lisbon Olhão Porto Santo Tirso Setubal Viana do Castelo Vila do Conde All our hotels in Portugal Spain Back Our best destinations Madrid Barcelona San Sebastián Granada Valencia Vigo Figueres Castellón Elche Jerez Cartagena Albacete Oviedo Girona Alicante Zaragoza Tarragona Almería Murcia Málaga Santiago de Compostela All our hotels in Spain United Kingdom Back Our destinations in United Kingdom Birmingham Derby Inverness Ipswich London Warrington All our hotels in the United Kingdom Where stunning landscapes and iconic landmarks come together USA Back Our best destinations Miami Orlando Jacksonville B&B HOTELS in the United States of America Back Our other destinations Austria Belgium Brazil Czech Republic Denmark Hungary Liechtenstein • Luxembourg • Netherlands Poland Slovenia Switzerland Services and Promotions Back Services Back Discover our services Belgium France Germany Italy Portugal Slovenia Spain Switzerland B&B HOTELS App Promotions Back Exclusive promotions in B&B HOTELS Belgium France Germany Italy Poland Switzerland Who are we? Back Real life hotels Back B&me Membership program Back Advantages and status Back Advantages and status Discover and join B&me Back Discover and join B&me Our new hotels at 50€ Become a B&me CLUB member Back Discover and join B&me CLUB FAQ B&me CLUB Back Professionals and groups Back Business Travellers Back Corporate Agreements Groups & Travel Agencies Back Travel Agencies Agreements Groups & Events Organization Back Help and contact B&B HOME Back About B&B HOME Back About B&B HOME Explore B&B HOME B&B HOME - Travel Guide B&B HOME is just like home B&B HOME was specifically designed for medium and long-term stays, blending the conveniences of a hotel residence with the comforts of home. You'll find features like a kitchenette, shared kitchen, shared laundry, and common areas. Whether you're here for work or relaxation, our amenities seamlessly fit into your routine, creating a true "home away from home". B&B HOME Paris Mairie de Saint-Ouen Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Paris Mairie de Saint-Ouen Come to an inspiring stays Stay an hotel that welcome the stories and the people who bring it to life while knowing and tasting the best of the community initiatives like Meet My Mama, Confitures Rebelle & Café Joyeux B&B HOME Fort-de-France Marina Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Fort-de-France Marina Your Inspiring Stay Awaits Ideally located between Fort de France town centre and Aimé Césaire Airport, on the Etang Z'abricots Marina, the B&B HOME Fort-de-France Marina hotel residence invites you to enjoy comfort and escape. This 4-stars hotel complex is sure to win you over with its 45 spacious flats and its breathtaking view over the bay of Fort-de- France. B&B HOME Brides-les-Bains Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Brides-les-Bains Book Your Stay Nestling in the heart of the three valleys, B&B HOME Brides-les-Bains les 3 vallées is the perfect place for sports enthusiasts of all ages. You'll be staying in a unique setting in the heart of the world's largest ski area (600 km of pistes, hiking, mountain biking and much more), just one kilometre from the Col de la Loze for cycling enthusiasts. What's more, the hotel is directly linked to the thermal baths for your well-being. B&B HOME Caen Centre Gare Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Caen Centre Gare Find Your Perfect Stay Discover B&B HOME Caen Centre Gare for comfortable and personalized stays. Ideally located by the train station for easy access to Caen's city center and transport. B&B HOME Paris Nord 18ème Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Paris Nord 18ème Your Parisian home: Complete comfort in the 18th Discover Paris Nord 18ème from your true home away from home . Ideal for an extended stay, our B&B HOME residence gives you the autonomy of an apartment with hotel services. B&B HOME Vélizy Est Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Vélizy Est The Comfort of a Fully Equipped Apartment Ideally located near the Vélizy Hub and a short distance from the Palace of Versailles, B&B HOME Vélizy Est is your perfect base for a long or short stay. B&B HOME Rueil-Malmaison Gare Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Rueil-Malmaison Gare Rueil-Malmaison Gare: Your Direct link to Paris Settle in and stay connected at B&B HOME Rueil-Malmaison Gare. Located just steps from the station, you'll enjoy a direct RER A link straight to La Défense and central Paris. Perfect for business or extended stays, our rooms offer the full comfort of home. B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot Back Our B&B HOME B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot Easy Access to B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot Optimal Connectivity: Reach the hotel simply via direct tram access to the train stations and secure on-site parking. Back Country and language English Country Other countries Liechtenstein Luxembourg Belgique/België United Kingdom Brasil Česká republika Deutschland España France Italia Magyarország Nederland Polska Portugal Slovenija Suisse/Schweiz Österreich Danmark United States of America Other countries Language English Español English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Polski Česky Nederlands Slovenščina Magyar Dansk Currency EUR BRL CHF CNY CZK DKK EUR GBP HUF JPY MAD PLN USD My account Book now France CHRISTMAS OFFER from december 4th to january 4th Book now Book now Poland Book early and save with B&me Your Winter Warmers Await Book now France SLEEP WELL, SPEND LESS Enjoy a 15% discount on your room Save now Germany Spend less, travel more Enjoy 10% off already budget friendly-rates. Exclusively at B&B HOTELS. Save now Learn more Staying loyal pays off. Download the B&B HOTELS app now, create an account and save money. Learn more NEW OPENING B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot Prev Next Back Your stay Select your dates to see availabilities Change dates Select rooms and travelers Close Select your dates to see availabilities Please fill in the destination field There are no suggestions Allow geolocation in your browser settings, or type the destination Please select period of 20 days max Start date cannot be set in the past. Please select period of 20 days max Start date cannot be set in the past. From To Clear dates Rooms - + + Add another room Validate Discount code Promotion code Corporate code Breakfast voucher to be added at checkout Add a discount code Find a hotel on the map Find a hotel on the map Location Please allow the use of your position Comfortable bed Generous breakfast Digital experience Warm welcome Modern design Our destinations in Europe and worldwide Prev Next Image Liechtenstein 1 hotel Discover Image Luxembourg 1 hotel Discover Image France 448 hotels Discover Image Germany 241 hotels Discover Image Italy 91 hotels Discover Image Spain 67 hotels Discover Image Portugal 20 hotels Discover Image Poland 19 hotels Discover Prev Next Image Switzerland 10 hotels Discover Image Austria 14 hotels Discover Image Brazil 7 hotels Discover Image United States of America 3 hotels Discover Image United Kingdom 7 hotels Discover Image Slovenia 4 hotels Discover Image Denmark 2 hotels Discover Image Czech Republic 1 hotel Discover Image Hungary 1 hotel Discover Image Netherlands 1 hotel Discover Prev Next B&me CLUB Become a B&me CLUB member and enjoy many advantages for only 39 €! B&B HOTELS Club B&B HOME ! Discover our new concept for longer stays, based on localism and sustainability! Discover 15% off until D-15 Enjoy a 15% discount when you book up to 15 days before your stay! Offer valid at B&B HOTELS in France. Exclusively for our B&me and B&me CLUB members! Discover now! Stay connected to our app! Get all the information about your reservation in real time and access your account whenever and wherever you want. Download it Our news Prev Next Poland Book early and save with B&me Your Winter Warmers Await Book now Your stay at an exclusive price! Are you a planner at heart and are you used to anticipating your trips? Make your reservation on the bbhotels.com website and take advantage of a 15% discount up to 15 days before your stay! Book your stay! Germany Spend less, travel more. Enjoy 10% off already budget-friendly rates. Exclusively at B&B HOTELS. Save now Germany New is always better! Discover our new hotels at a special price of 50 € per night! What are you waiting for? Show more! Brazil Festivals in Brazil With B&B Hotels, your only worry is the music. We are your strategic base in SP and Rio: stay next to the train for Lollapalooza and The Town , or minutes from the City of Rock . Know more Our new B&B HOTELS Prev Next France B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot B&B HOME Lyon Centre Berthelot : Your Connectivity Hub. Located steps from the tram, access is instant to Gare Part-Dieu and Perrache. The ideal base for business, sightseeing, and students of Université Lyon 1, 2, or 3—comfort meets unmatched convenience. Book now Poland B&B HOTEL Tychy Discover comfort, quality, and the best location at our brand-new spot. Book Your Stay Now Luxembourg B&B HOTEL Luxembourg Centre Cloche d'Or Discover Luxembourg City with ease from the B&B HOTEL Luxembourg Centre Cloche d'Or. Perfectly located in the heart of the Cloche d'Or district, our hotel puts you close to major sites of interest, lively areas and excellent transport links. Easily accessible by car, the hotel also has a car park. Book your stay Italy B&B HOTEL Venezia Laguna The B&B HOTEL Venezia Laguna is a wonderful new property located in Tronchetto, an island in one of the most characteristic cities in the world like Venice, The hotel is just a few minutes from the centre and a stone's throw from the railway station of Venice Santa Lucia, making every trip easy and convenient. Book now France New B&B HOTEL La Réunion Aéroport ! Discover our new hotel in Sainte-Marie, La Réunion ! Located close to Roland Garros airport, our hotel is ideally situated to make the most of your stay. Book my stay France New B&B HOTEL Meaux Nanteuil-lès-Meaux! Are you looking to book a hotel in Meaux that offers the best value for money? Discover our new hotel located 30 km from Roissy CDG Airport and 60 km from Orly Airport. Book my stay You can find all information about the best rate guarantee here . ¹ The breakfast voucher is valid from the day after registration and can be used once when booking a stay at any B&B HOTEL in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland or Poland via bbhotels.com or the B&B HOTELS app. Not applicable to existing bookings. ² The late check-out on Sunday option is available when you book a stay in a B&B HOTEL in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland or Poland. Option subject to availability. ³ €50 welcome rate does not include city tax. Rate limited to one room per stay, valid in new hotels for the first 3 months after opening. (up to 100 hotels per year)." *You can only claim the discount by calling the following German/Austrian landline number +49 6146 815350-0 or +43 1 92 84 282 between Monday and Sunday, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. and pressing “1” after the prompt, online at http://www.hotel-bb.com/de or on the B&B HOTELS mobile app. The discount applies to all hotels in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, the Netherlands, Denmark, and Czechia for a booking period until December 3, 2025, and a travel period from January 1, 2026, to April 6, 2026. The discount only applies to the Flex rates FLEX, FLEX incl. breakfast, B&me FLEX, B&me FLEX incl. breakfast, and Club FLEX. The offer is subject to availability and cannot be combined with other offers. The discount applies only to the current room rate. Additional services such as taxes and other special charges are not discounted. Room cleaning is not provided for the booking period. The discount applies only to new bookings and cannot be applied to existing bookings. Language and currency English Country Other countries Liechtenstein Luxembourg Belgique/België United Kingdom Brasil Česká republika Deutschland España France Italia Magyarország Nederland Polska Portugal Slovenija Suisse/Schweiz Österreich Danmark United States of America Other countries Language English Español English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Polski Česky Nederlands Slovenščina Magyar Dansk Currency BRL CHF CNY CZK DKK EUR GBP HUF JPY MAD PLN USD Stay informed Subscribe to our newsletter Need help? FAQ Contact Manage your bookings B&me loyalty program B&me CLUB B&B HOTELS Corporate website Become a mandate manager Become a franchisee Careers Our commitments Secured payments Independent, trusted reviews About CSR Download our app Follow B&B HOTELS General terms and conditions of use General terms and conditions of sale Protection of personal data General terms and conditions - B&me Club General terms and conditions - B&me Terms and Conditions Customer Reviews Cookie policy Cookie settings Legal notice General Terms and Conditions - B&B HOTELS Business Account Accessibility - non-compliant © All rights reserved B&B HOTELS 2025 Subscribe to our newsletter First name* Last name* First name* Please enter your first name Last name* Please enter your last name E-mail address* E-mail address* Please enter your email address Invalid email address. I agree to receive exclusive offers, travel inspirations and latest news from B&B HOTELS by email. I understand that I can withdraw my consent at any time free of charge. Subscription checkbox is required By ticking this box, I acknowledge having read the Privacy Policy , and I accept it. Subscription checkbox is required See the legal information The information marked with an asterisk (*) is mandatory. The french companies B&B HOTELS, B&B DREAMLAND HOTEL, TANDEM SAS and B&B TAKEOVER, subsidiaries of CASPER BIDCO which publishes the website accessible at https://www.hotel-bb.com, in their capacity as controllers, process your personal data collected, where applicable in conjunction with the other companies in the B&B HOTELS group whose business is the management of B&B hotels in France and abroad, a list of which can be accessed here. This processing is carried out for the purposes of monitoring customer relations, managing and running the loyalty programme, statistical analyses, satisfaction surveys and electronic commercial prospecting, including personalised offers and services that may take account of your preferences. In accordance with the applicable regulations, you have the right to access and rectify your personal data and, where applicable, the right to have it ported. You may request that the processing of your data be restricted and, where appropriate, withdraw your consent. You also have the right to object to processing where this is based on the legitimate interests pursued by the controller, unless your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms prevail, or where the purpose of the processing is commercial prospecting. Finally, you can set out instructions for what should happen to your data after your death. You can exercise these rights by contacting the Data Protection Officer by e-mail at privacy.france@hotelbb.com or by post at the following address: Lydia MERAD - DPO, 62-64, Boulevard Pereire 75017 Paris - France. In any event, you may lodge a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) or take legal action. Privacy Policy Log in New client ? Click here My account My account & login settings My bookings Log in Need help? Help and contact