Hotel Reservations & Cheap Discounts at 250K+ Hotels Hotel Deals Group Hotel Rates Solutions More View/Cancel Reservation Meeting Space Business Meetings Event Calendar Car Rentals AAA Hotel Discounts Senior Discounts Official Hotel Guides Military/Gov Rates Cheap Hotel Rates Wedding Room Blocks Hotel Reservations Flights Group Flights Event Services RFP for Meetings $ United States Sign In Exclusive Hotel Deals Where are you going? Check In -- Check Out -- # Rooms 1 - 1000 Select any discounts you qualify for: AAA Rates Senior Discounts Military/Government Business Traveler Please enter how many rooms per night you need. It can be a value from 1-1000 Find Hotels Groups: How does it work? Group Hotel Rates Need 5+ rooms per night? Lock in a discounted group rate for your event. AI Booking Agents AI reservationists that can give amazing advice, store your payment information and book the rooms for you! Individual Discounts We offer many exclusive discounts as well as special discounts for AAA members, Military / Government personnel and Seniors. Enjoy Global Privileges with Select Pre-Paid Rates Benefits Include • Local Excursions • Airport Lounge Access • Discounted Cruise Deals • Discounts on Event Tickets • Expedited Passport Services • Discounts on Car Rentals The world's first end-to-end global team of voice AI hotel booking assistants with access to book over 1M+ properties worldwide Remarkable Booking Advice Best Room Prices In-Conversation Confirmation Try Reservations.ai Conferences Associations Weddings Business Meetings Sports Teams Tour Groups Reunions Corporate Incentive The 2025 HotelPlanner Tour schedule begins in South Africa next week, with the SDC Open taking place at Zebula Golf Estate & Spa from January 23-26. In total, players will compete for a record total prize fund of over ï¿½9,000,000 on the HotelPlanner Tour this season, with each European event having a minimum prize fund of ï¿½300,000, meaning prize fund increases for 16 events in total in 2025. The schedule will consist of 29 tournaments staged across three continents in 18 different countries, culminating in the Rolex Grand Final supported by The R&A in Mallorca. Go to the HotelPlanner Tour Find your perfect Meeting Venue. No more calling around. Fast online quotes directly from venues. Guaranteed Lowest Group Rates HotelPlanner.com will meet or beat any price on your group's travel needs when reserving 10 rooms per night or more at a hotel of equal or greater quality Read more . Our group rates are price checked to ensure you are always getting the best group rates. Look for the green percentages to the right of the hotel's group rates for your group savings. 100,000 group friendly hotels worldwide HotelPlanner is one of the largest sellers of group hotel rooms in the world Free rooms for group coordinators* Read more Team of negotiators Worldwide Team of Planners We employ the best group sales specialists from all around the world... When you plan a group or long stay with us, we'll assign you to a local expert in your destination. They will be available to you for local advice on the hotels, the city and activities. Find cheap discounts all around the world in top cities like New York , Las Vegas , Miami and London . Read more Professional Sports Official hotel provider for Washington Football Team, United Soccer League, LPGA & more... HotelPlanner.com negotiates the hotel rates for some of the world's most premier teams and events. Read more It's literally the best of everything. I don't know why everybody doesn't use these guys... Ben Burke (Cal Poly & Big West) "HotelPlanner is like combining the typical online travel website with an old fashioned travel agent. I know that we'll always have the lowest rate, we get the hotel we want and we can use our rewards points. It's literally the best of everything. I don't know why everybody doesn't use these guys." Read more Government Travel With many years of experience, HotelPlanner can provide custom solutions for government agencies to help save money... HotelPlanner can provide custom solutions for government agencies to help save money on their meetings and individual hotel spend. Cutting edge approval and expense systems will help automate internal controls. We have a full suite of lodging negotiation and management services for transient, extended stay and corporate housing. Read more College Travel 500+ Universities use HotelPlanner to negotiate their group travel and recruiting stays -Stay where you want and earn your points -Get the lowest rates with free breakfast, Wi-Fi and upgrades -Accumulate credits for future stays or cash rebates Read more The electronic process for securing rooms is extremely efficient and... Office of State Purchasing and Travel, State of Louisiana "Thank you for taking the State of Louisiana to the current age! The electronic process for securing rooms is extremely efficient and works seamlessly with our approval processes and procedures." Book as a Group. Pay separately. Free Rooms for Group Coordinators and Lowest Group Rates Guaranteed Get a Group Rate Recent News: Interview - Today is the Busiest Holiday Travel day (12/29/2025) Tim Hentschel, CEO HotelPlanner: Baby boomers’ wealth and leisure time drive travel growth (12/23/2025) The most budget-friendly major city over the holidays might surprise you (12/19/2025) This Ski Town Was Just Named the Most Expensive in the U.S. (12/14/2025) Nevada Travel Advisory: 55% Christmas Increase; Peak Crowds at LAS Airport (12/12/2025) News These are 2026’s priciest ski destinations (12/10/2025) At your service, since 2003 Hotel / Venue Signup Partner with Us About Us Contact Us Travel Agents Leadership Team Hotels Directory Employment Testimonials Press Room Advertise AI Solutions Terms of Use Privacy Do not sell my personal info Cookies Become a Certified Planner From Home! We speak your language English Español Français Italiano Deutsch Nederlands Português Norsk Dansk Svenska Suomi Polski Türk Hrvatski Česky русский Ελληνικά 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 ไหย Connect with HotelPlanner A+ Rating with the BBB See More Try some other trusted services: © 2003-2025 Lexyl Travel Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved. If you are a person who needs an accessibility accommodation in order to utilize this Site and our Services, we offer voice assistance that may help. Please call our 24/7 Customer Call Center at +1-800-760-7718