Hotspot Shield: Fastest VPN for Streaming, Gaming & More What is a VPN Pricing Products Support Account Start Free Trial Get Hotspot Shield What is a VPN Pricing Products Support Sign in English Deutsch Français Русский العربية فارسی Türkçe Việt ngữ 中文 日本語 한국어 Português Español Try Hotspot Shield, 100% Risk-Free! During the first 45 days, if you decide Hotspot Shield isn't for you, we'll refund your subscription fees in full. No questions asked! Try Hotspot Shield Now Try risk-free for 45 days Promo ends soon! days : hours : min : sec Get the Deal Upgrade Your Digital Life in 2026 25% Off Premium VPN Protection Reg: $95.99/yr Now: $71.99/yr* (when billed annually) Get the deal Available on Valid for annual subscription only. Auto-renews annually at $95.99/year. Promotion ends 04:59 UTC, January 2, 2026. Valid for annual subscription only. Auto-renews annually at $95.99/year. Promotion ends 04:59 UTC, January 2, 2026. Stay private and access worldwide content Protect yourself with military-grade encryption, and access sites and streaming content around the world. Start Free Trial 7 days free, then billed at $95.99/yr for Yearly Subscription or $12.99/mo for Monthly Subscription. App Store 4.5 out of 5 star rating 429K Google Play 4.5 out of 5 star rating 1.5M Available on bloomberg image cnn image fast company image abc image PCWorld image The Times image Wall Street journal image Fox news image Stream, download, and game with the “world’s fastest VPN” Enjoy your favorite movies and shows worldwide on Netflix, YouTube, Prime, Disney+ and more at blazing- fast speeds, up to 2.2x faster than the competition. “More than twice the top speed we’ve seen from many competitors” Stay anonymous with military-grade encryption Hotspot Shield encrypts your connection and doesn’t log any data that could be tied to you, shielding your identity and info from hackers and cyber predators. “One of the easiest VPNs to set up and use” Stay anonymous with military-grade encryption Hotspot Shield encrypts your connection and doesn’t log any data that could be tied to you, shielding your identity and info from hackers and cyber predators. “One of the easiest VPNs to set up and use” Unlock worldwide content with over 115+ virtual locations With servers across 80+ countries and 35+ cities, our proprietary Hydra protocol optimizes your VPN to ensure fast, secure connections for gaming, streaming, downloading, P2P, and more. “VPN that lives up to the hype” Secure 10 devices with one account, from laptops, phones, and TVs Available on major platforms and devices, including Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, Smart TVs and more. “By far the fastest VPN” Secure 10 devices with one account, from laptops, phones, and TVs Available on major platforms and devices, including Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, Smart TVs and more. “By far the fastest VPN” Learn how Hotspot Shield’s patented technology keeps you safe online Trusted by millions for privacy and security 5 out of 5 star rating One of the most trusted and secure VPNs Mask your IP address, browse anonymously, establish an encrypted connection, and secure public Wi-Fi hotspots. — Abir M. 5 out of 5 star rating Always dependable I like how user friendly it is, and how it works silently in the background, without slowing down my laptop. — Linda G. 5 out of 5 star rating Essential for peace of mind With all the online security concerns today, this is one app everyone should have on every device connected to the internet! — Rick B. App Store 4.5 out of 5 star rating 429K Google Play 4.5 out of 5 star rating 1.5M Ready to get Hotspot Shield? Start Free Trial Get the deal Available on: Products Free VPN Download VPN for Windows PC VPN for Mac VPN for iOS VPN for Android VPN for TV VPN Info VPN Blog What is a VPN Netflix VPN VPN for Privacy VPN for Streaming VPN for Gaming VPN Resources VPN Benefits Other Resources What is my IP How IP works How Hackers Use IP Change My IP Hide My IP Glossary Free Proxy About Hotspot Shield VPN Plans & Pricing Fastest VPN Virtual Locations Awards & Reviews Security Audit Site Map Help Support Center Contact Us Affiliates Business VPN Legal Terms and Policies Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices To ensure uninterrupted access after your subscription ends, you agree that your subscription will renew for another term using the payment method provided. You may turn off auto-renewal at any time by logging into your account. Do not sell my personal information English ▾ Deutsch Français Русский العربية فارسی Türkçe Việt ngữ 中文 日本語 한국어 Português Español © Intersections, LLC 2025. All rights reserved.