Buy & Sell for Sale and to Rent Properties & Find UK Estate Agents | Houser Toggle navigation Buy/Sell Rental Removal Companies Commercial Overseas Agents Customer: Sign In / Sign up Thousands of Rentals and Sales Property Listings Available from Across the UK. Search & List Properties to Rent and for Sale in the UK for Free Sale Rent Current Value Sold Price Area Guide Sell/Rent Property in 2 Steps Advertise Now Featured Agents Featured Properties for Sale in UK View All One-stop Property Portal Houser brings together a host of amazing features for buyers, sellers and estate agents. Making it a one-stop property portal for all. An Actual Search Engine We have designed a true property search engine, offering a multitude of advanced search options unlike any other portal on the web. Unmatched Value for Estate Agents Estate agents will find unmatched value on Houser, with unlimited free listings and virtual assistants to walk them through every step. Featured Properties for Rent in UK View All Buyers, Sellers and Estate Agents – Something for everyone At Houser we have developed a number of amazing tools and features for all your real estate needs Dedicated Virtual Assistants Virtual assistants are available for buyers, sellers and estate agents to help them find their dream homes, upload properties and optimise their listings. Schedule Viewing Meetings Instantly Our Viewing Appointment Scheduler allows you to set your availability and manage your viewing appointments without any hassles. Automatic Image Tagging All property images uploaded on Houser are automatically tagged, categorised and optimised for search. Find Property Values on the Go Whether you want to find out the value of your own home or any other property across the UK, simply send us a message on Twitter for real-time estimates. Detailed Area Guides Area guides on Houser show local trends, property values and historic stats to help you find the perfect location to live in. Seamless Information Sharing We believe information should be readily available to those who need it most. Which is why Houser has comprehensive cross-platform compatibility and unique social media integration features. Explore Popular Locations South West London Greater Manchester Greater London Kent Merseyside West Midlands West Yorkshire Lancashire How it Works For Sellers | For Buyers | For Estate Agents For Professionals Login | Advertise | Resources About Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Removal Request | Area Guide | Agents | Blog | Galleries | Upcoming Properties | Properties for Sale | Properties to Rent | Current Values | Sold Prices | New Properties for Sale | New Properties to Rent Houser.co.uk Copyright @ 2015 All rights reserved. Follow Us