HousingAnywhere: Mid to Long-Term Rentals in 400+ cities How it works Pricing Help Log in Sign up I’m a landlord Find your next home Rent a place, stay for months. Covered by Tenant Protection ​ Search Stay safe with protected payments When you pay to confirm your stay, your money is safe with us. We send it to the landlord only 48 hours after you move in unless you tell us the place isn't as promised. If you contact us, we'll help you. Protecting you against risks. Making your move safer. Get a feel of the place from anywhere Tired of trying to fit in viewings around your life? Explore several places at your own pace from the comfort of your couch. Enjoy high-quality photos, videos, floor plans, detailed descriptions, and more. Say goodbye to in-person viewings; say hello to more free time. Chat and share directly with landlords No more calling, texting, emailing, and discussing things with landlords in different places. Get a private page to message the landlord directly. Ask questions, share information, and see it all in the same place. No chance for misunderstandings. Everyone's always on the same page. Your next base could be here Berlin Rotterdam Vienna Brussels Barcelona Milan Madrid London Paris New York Los Angeles 150+ cities 50,000+ homes advertised by real landlords Show top cities Tenant Protection Protection against the unexpected If the landlord cancels last minute or delays your move-in, you’ll get help finding another place or a temporary hotel stay. Quick support If something goes wrong with your rental, we can help make it right. Move-in with confidence We keep your payment safe until you move in. If the place doesn’t match the description, you’ll get a refund. Learn about Tenant Protection It’s quick. All online. 100% safe. 1 Pick a few places Explore hundreds of high-quality rooms, studios, and apartments. Save favorites. Get alerts. Finding your dream home could not be easier. 2 Message the landlord Enjoy an online, private space for all conversations with the landlord. Ask questions, share information, and see how well you both match. 3 Apply to rent Like a place and want to call it home? Apply to rent it, and you'll know if it's yours within 48 hours. 4 Pay, and it’s yours Pay the first month’s rent to confirm your stay. Congratulations, you found your next home. We’ll protect your money until you’ve moved in and checked the place out. Alfred Moved to Barcelona in August 2023 The process was fast and straightforward. The landlord reached out to me immediately and was very helpful. Mayra Moved to Valencia in September 2023 Up to now it has been a great experience. I love that you can talk to the landlord before booking. Also the filter to know if you can register at a place is super helpful. Азиза Moved to Finland in July 2023 I am very grateful, that everything worked out so fast and super. Thank you very much! Endless searching ends now Find your next home Austria Vienna Belgium Brussels Antwerp Canada Toronto Czech Republic Prague France Bordeaux Lyon Paris Strasbourg Germany Berlin Cologne Dusseldorf Frankfurt am Main Hamburg Munich Stuttgart Greece Athens Hungary Budapest Iceland Reykjavik Ireland Dublin Italy Bologna Florence Milan Padua Rome Turin Netherlands Amsterdam Rotterdam The Hague Utrecht Poland Krakow Warsaw Portugal Lisbon Porto Slovenia Ljubljana Spain Barcelona Madrid Málaga Seville Valencia Switzerland Zurich United Kingdom London Manchester Birmingham United States Boston Chicago Los Angeles New York Your questions, answered Is HousingAnywhere a rental agency? No, we're not a real estate agency. HousingAnywhere.com is an online platform connecting people looking for their next home with landlords looking for tenants. How does HousingAnywhere work? You can find and rent your next home safely and entirely online. Watch the short video below to see how the process works, from searching for a place to moving in with our Tenant Protection. For more details, you can also read our step-by-step guide to renting . My rental application was accepted. What's next? You'll pay the first month's rent and, depending on the region, the Tenant Protection fee. Once we've received your payment, your stay is confirmed. You'll then get the landlord's contact details. You can pay the rest of the rental costs directly to the landlord. What if I want to cancel my stay? You can cancel your stay at any time before you move in. Depending on when you cancel and the cancellation policy, you can receive a full or partial refund. The Tenant Protection fee is non-refundable. Can I visit the place before I rent? No, and you won't need to. Listings have detailed descriptions, photos, videos, and floor plans to give you a clear idea of what you'll get. Through our platform, you can message the landlord, clear doubts, and even exchange documents. And once you book, your money is safe with us until you move in. Visit our Help Center English ​ Get the app Stay ahead with faster searches and real-time notifications. HousingAnywhere About Careers Press Partners Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Sitemap Tenants How it works Pricing Pay rent online Blog for tenants Support Help Contact us Landlords How it works Pricing Become a landlord HousingAnywhere Rent Guarantee Collect rent online How-to guides Success stories Blog for landlords Integrations Sample rental contracts