Need help during the 2025 holiday season? Click here to view our special Holiday Support schedule.
×
Domains
Email
About Us
Blog
Help
Sign In
BUY A DOMAIN NAME FROM HOVER
Get the perfect domain

Endless domain options. Great prices. And help from friendly humans.

Browse sales
Save big on these popular extensions
.ME
$8.99
.LOCKER
$11.99
.STORE
$2.99
.ONLINE
$2.99
.ORG
$9.99
Products that help your brand shine

Hover puts you in full control of your online presence. We make it easy to manage and register domains. We also offer matching professional email to level up your communications.

 
Domains →

Stand out from the crowd with the perfect domain name and extension for your idea, be it .COM, .ONLINE, or .XYZ.

 
Custom Email →

Get a professional email address that matches your domain and ditch your you@freewebmail.com.

 
Realnames Email →

Get a firstname@lastname email address to add a truly personal touch to your communications.

Want to renew or transfer your domain?
Renew
Transfer
Need domains for your customers? We'd love to partner with you.
Learn more
Oh yes, you really do want to register your domain name

Whether it’s for your blog, business, portfolio, or link in bio, buying your domain early is smart.

Creators & influencers

Today it’s your Linktree. Tomorrow it’s your store. With a domain, your audience always knows where to find you off-platform.

Businesses big & small

Whether it’s a budding idea, growing startup, or thriving enterprise, your biz deserves a memorable and professional home.

Web devs & techies

Keep things simple and intuitive with the perfect domain for your app, startup, side hustle, or client website.

Artists & designers

Your URL should be as unique as your work. Showcase your portfolio by linking your domain to your Format, Adobe, or Dribbble portfolio.

Why buy a domain from Hover?

We offer the best domain experience ever. That’s a big claim, but we stand by it.

Techies and non-techies alike love Hover.

Search for a domain
 
Easy to use

We build tools that we enjoy using. And we’re confident you’ll like them too.

 
Hover Connect

Choose whatever service you like to host your online presence. Then link it to your domain with just a few clicks.

 
Private and secure

We offer FREE Whois privacy and two-factor authentication and follow stringent data-processing practices.

 
Incredible support

Have a question? Connect with a friendly human via phone, online ticket or live chat.

Look what our customers say!

“We switched to Hover in 2014 and it has been smooth sailing ever since. Hover lets us manage our domains the way we want…Hover has respect for its customers and we love them for it.”

Kevin & Diane Hamilton
Binary Formations

 

“We’ve been using Hover for twelve years for client sites. Hover’s customer service is the best we’ve experienced from any domain provider…We wouldn’t even consider using anyone else.”

Gary Martin
Founder & CEO, eCoalitions

 

“Hover makes it super easy to have all my domains in one place to quickly make changes and more, without the confusion and constant noise that others have.”

Mike Hosier
Designer, MooseGoldens

 

“Hover makes everything easy and automatic. They make it simple to find a great domain and I know they'll never let me forget a renewal. This lets me get on with more quilting!”

Kirsty Cleverly
Bonjour Quilts

 

“As my site grows, I have switched servers to meet my users' needs. Hover allows me a way to keep my domain and emails in a central place, no mater where my server moves!”

Josh Grisdale
Founder, Tabifolk

 

“Hover just works. If I ever have an issue, I know I can speak to a real person. I trust Hover.”

Chuck Braverman
Co-founder & CEO, WestDoc Online

How to choose the perfect domain for your business or big idea

Your domain is the foundation of your digital identity. Keep these three tips in mind to make sure you pick a winner.

On brand

If you’re already set on your brand name, your domain should match it. Remember you have many relevant options to choose from, including .APP, .SHOP and hundreds more.

Concise and clear

We also own hoverdomains.com, and it’s a fine domain. But hover.com is easier to say, read, and remember.

Easy to type

Avoid hyphens, numbers, and repeating letters when possible. It makes word-of-mouth referrals easier and decreases the chances someone will mistype your URL.

Buy your domain. Build your brand.
Find your domain
The domain name FAQ
What is a domain name exactly?

A domain name is an identifier for a website, similar to how a postal address is an identifier for a house or apartment. When you type a domain name into your browser, it takes you to the website associated with that domain.

All domain names have at least two parts: a “top-level domain” and a “second-level” domain. Let’s use the example hover.com. Here, the top-level domain is the string of characters to the right of the dot, so “.com.” The second-level domain is the string of characters to the left of the dot, so “hover.”

It’s also fairly common for domain names to include a third-level domain. Take, for example, help.hover.com. “Help” is the third-level domain in this example. This domain name will take you to Hover’s help center.

Do I need a domain name?

If you want to build a professional-looking web presence, yes! Every website on the Internet is associated with a domain name. Some web presence providers might offer you the option to use a subdirectory of their domain name for your website. That might look something like, theircompany.com/yourname. This works, but it’s more professional to have your own domain name. Plus, by using your own domain name, you’re building your brand right away and giving your audience a URL where they know they can always find you.

Some people who aren’t ready for a website choose to forward their domain name to their social media page or youtube channel. Again, the advantage here is that you’re giving your audience a memorable address where they know they can find you online. When you’re ready to launch your website, you can point your domain to your new site in a few clicks!

How can I search for a domain name?

Searching for a domain name is super easy. Scroll up to the search box at the top of this page and type in a domain name you’re interested in. We’ll let you know if that one is available and present you with relevant alternatives.

How can I check if a domain is available?

Simply type the domain into the search box at the top of this page. In the search results, we’ll tell you whether the domain you’ve entered is available. If it’s not, we’ll present you with relevant alternatives. In some cases, you may be able to purchase an unavailable domain from its current owner.

How does a domain registration work?

Domain registrations work similarly to property rentals. You’re effectively claiming the domain as your own for a certain period of time. In most cases, when you register your domain, you’re given the option to register it for a period of 1-10 years. Once you’ve registered the domain, you can continue to renew it year after year, holding onto it indefinitely.

Registering a domain is super easy. To get started, simply type the domain you wish to register into the search bar at the top of this page.

How long can I register my domain for?

Most domain names can be registered for 1-10 years. But you can hold onto your domain name indefinitely by renewing it. Many people initially purchase a 1-year registration and then turn on auto-renew, so when a year has passed, their domain name renews automatically, and they’re charged for an additional year of registration.

How do I renew my domain name?

If you’ve registered your domain with Hover, simply follow the steps found here: https://www.hover.com/renew. If your domain is registered with another provider, they should have similar steps available on their website.

If you’re frustrated with your current provider, and like the sound of simple tools and helpful customer support, you can transfer your domain to Hover: https://www.hover.com/transfer-in.

How do I choose a good domain name?

Your domain name is an incredibly important asset. You’ll want it to be concise, meaningful, and easy to type, remember, and say.

If your domain name is for your business or side hustle, it's often best to turn your brand name into your domain name. If your .COM is taken, don't fret. There are tons of other domain extension options, like .CO, .BIZ, .SHOP and hundreds more.

If your domain is for your personal brand or portfolio website, you might choose to turn your first and last name into your domain name. You can explore relevant domain extensions like ME, .STUDIO, .PHOTOGRAPHY—whatever makes sense for you!

Which domain extension should I choose?

Domain extensions are all neutral in the eyes of Google. A domain ending in .COM has no SEO advantage over a domain ending in .ART. If your brand is traditional or corporate, you might choose .COM or .ORG. If you’re open to different options, there are hundreds to explore, including niche-specific ones. For example, you might showcase your creativity on a .DESIGN or .ART domain name or choose .STORE to showcase your e-commerce business. Hover has over 300 domain extensions (also known as top-Level domains) to choose from.

 

Never miss out on the latest news from Hover!

 Sign up for our newsletter
Products
Domains
Transfer
Renew
Pricing
Email
Realnames
Company
About Us
Blog
Jobs
Resources
Help Center
Service Status
Partner Program
Affiliates
Account
Sign In
Webmail
Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025 Hover