How Sweet Eats - For people who, like, totally love food. Skip to Main Content Submit Home Recipes Appetizers Breakfast Lunch Dinner Drinks Dessert Weekly Menu Ideas Browse Recipes Recipe Index Shop My LTK shop Crumbs Cookbooks Fun Crushing On Summer Fridays Book Club Reading Lists About Contact FAQs Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter Home About Contact Submit Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter Recipes Appetizers Breakfast Lunch Dinner Drinks Dessert Weekly Menu Ideas Browse Recipes Recipe Index Crumbs All Crumbs Favorites Tuesday Things Cookbooks NEW! Easy Everyday Everyday Dinners The Pretty Dish Seriously Delish Fun Gift Guides SHOP Reading Lists Crushing On Book Club Summer Fridays Shop My New Cookbook: order yours today » Latest & Greatest 2025. How in the world is 2025 over?! This was another wonderful, full, blessed and magical year for our family.... Get New Recipes via email: Daily Weekly Subscribe Recipes 100+ Make-Ahead Lunch Ideas for 2026. I love all of these lunch ideas for 2026! So many of my favorite meals to make ahead for lunches – all things you... Read More 100+ Make-Ahead Lunch Ideas for 2026. Recipes 50 Snacks & Cocktails To Make For New Year’s Eve! I’ve got all my favorite snacks and drinks here for you! The best recipes for new years eve! We always stay home on New... Read More 50 Snacks & Cocktails To Make For New Year’s Eve! What to Eat This Week What To Eat This Week: 12/28/25. Here’s a menu for when you don’t know what day it is! What’s on your menu this week?! What To Eat This Week French... Read More What To Eat This Week: 12/28/25. Recipes Recipe Disasters of 2025! Welcome to my most messed up recipes of the past year! I’ve been sharing my recipe fails online for at least 15 years and... Read More Recipe Disasters of 2025! Recipes Merry Everything! Merry everything to you and yours this season! Sending you all love through the holidays. Thank you so much for being here! It means... Read More Merry Everything! Recipes How to Make an Amazing Smoked Salmon Platter. Oh my gosh. Say hello to the best smoked salmon platter ever! My love for smoked salmon knows no bounds. Be it brunch or... Read More How to Make an Amazing Smoked Salmon Platter. see more posts: 1 2 3 4 5 … 394 Next » Hi, I'm Jess Welcome to how sweet eats! Here, you will find all sorts of things – from healthy recipes to comfort food and indulgent desserts to cocktails and mocktails. Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter all my favorites! Gift Guides 2025 Gift Guide For Her. 2025 Gift Guide For Him. 2025 Parents & In-Laws Gift Guide. 2025 Gift Guide For Kids. 2025 Gift Guide For The Host. 2025 Stocking Stuffer Gift Guide. My Favorite Gifts Under $25! 2025 Beauty Gift Guide. 2025 Kitchen Gift Guide. More all my favorites! Gift Guides » it’s time to cook! Easy Weeknight Meals Winter Pear Salad with Spiced Orange Vinaigrette. Sweet Potato Chicken Chili. Baked Broccoli Sausage Tortellini. Thanksgiving Turkey and Stuffing Meatballs. One Pot Smoked Sausage and Rice. Fire-Roasted Tomato Soup with Crispy Quinoa. Easy Cheddar Scallion Beer Bread. Cheeseburger Spaghetti Squash. Baked Butternut Squash, Sausage and Spinach Pasta. Hot Honey Chipotle Chicken Tacos. Smoky Chili Stuffed Peppers. Quick and Easy Smoky Skillet Chili. More it’s time to cook! Easy Weeknight Meals » buy yours today! My Cookbooks Check out my cookbooks, including my brand new book Easy Everyday , available for pre-order now! order now » Crumbs December 30, 2025 Tuesday Things. 1. I really truly AM having a hard time remembering what day it is. I sort of love it. 2. How incredible does this... Read More Tuesday Things. December 29, 2025 My Top 17 Favorite Discoveries of 2025. While sometimes it feels like my entire life is made up of “favorites,” (it’s true), I went through and really looked at what I’ve... Read More My Top 17 Favorite Discoveries of 2025. ’tis the season! Holiday Guide 50 Snacks & Cocktails To Make For New Year’s Eve! How to Make an Amazing Smoked Salmon Platter. Hot Honey Christmas Cranberry Camembert. 30 Festive Holiday Drinks! Every Cocktail, Mocktail & Coffee You Need For The Holiday Season. Mini Scalloped Hasselback Potatoes. Whole Roasted Christmas Chicken with Orange Herb Butter! Eggnog Sparkle Sheet Cake. Your Ultimate Holiday Recipe Guide! 85 of My Favorite Recipes For The Holiday Season. Pistachio, Pear & Gruyere Puff Pastry. My 2025 Holiday Baking List! Crispy Pancetta and Date Whipped Ricotta Crostini. Cinnamon Orange French Toast Bake. More ’tis the season! Holiday Guide » what’s for dinner We Love These Dishes Caramelized Zucchini Pasta Salad. Creamy Feta Burgers on Pillowy Pita. Summer Bucatini with Marinated Tomatoes. Grilled Cacio e Pepe Pizza. Grilled Steak Tacos with Chimichurri. Grilled Chicken Penne alla Vodka. Summer Salmon Spaghetti. Grilled Sourdough Pizza with Italian Chopped Salad. The Tortellini Salad I’m Making All Summer Long. Lettuce Wrap Blue CheeseBurgers with Caramelized Onions. Crispy Lemon Chicken Bites & Spaghetti. 35+ Of My Favorite Tex Mex and Margarita Recipes! More what’s for dinner We Love These Dishes » cozy cozy The Happiest Hour Hot Pomegranate Cider. Hot Buttered Bourbon. Mistletoe Manhattans. Merry Cherry Christmas Cocktail. The St. Nick Special. Cranberry Cobbler Smash. Spiced Orange Spritzer. Lambrusco Smash. Salted Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate. Eggnog White Russian. The Pink Peppermint Cocktail. A Winter Aperol Spritz! More cozy cozy The Happiest Hour » a peek into our days A Week In The Life A Week In The Life, Vol 52. A Week In The Life, Vol 51. A Week In The Life, Vol 50. A Week In The Life, Vol 49. More a peek into our days A Week In The Life » winter is coming Seasonal Eats Cozy White Bean & Greens Soup. Halloumi & Blood Orange Panzanella Salad. 50 Game Day Recipes To Make For The Super Bowl. 25 Cozy Recipes for January. 12 Recipes To Make With Blood Oranges This Season! Fire-Roasted Quinoa White Bean Soup. Roasted Cauliflower Winter Kale Salad. Winter Caesar Salad with Dijon Breadcrumbs. Sheet Pan Lasagna Is Perfect For The Holiday Season! Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Hot Bacon Vinaigrette. Sticky Cider Salmon Kale Salad. Super Easy Black Bean Chicken Chili. More winter is coming Seasonal Eats » not sure what to cook? Find the perfect recipe Search for Submit Trending Now Halloween Dessert Breakfast Appetizers Vegetarian Poultry Cocktails or, browse all recipes » cheers! Time To Party Tree Trimming Punch. Tequila Christmas Sunrise with Homemade Grenadine. Pomegranate Cranberry Juleps. Mistletoe Margaritas. Fresh Mint White Hot Chocolate. Christmas Morning Mimosas. Peppermint Affogato. {Video!} Pear Sangria. {Video!} Iced Eggnog Lattes. Honey Vanilla Pear Margaritas. White Christmas Margarita Punch. More cheers! Time To Party » the best season! Fall Forever 10 Drinks That Are Perfect To Serve On Thanksgiving! Thanksgiving House Salad with Salted Maple Vinaigrette. Parmesan Smashed Brussels Sprouts with Hot Honey. Caramel Apple Crumble Cookies. 20 of My Favorite Cozy Fall Soups. Pumpkin Coffee Cake Muffins. 16 Fall Meals You Can Prep Ahead For Lunches or Dinners. Sticky Apple Cider Chicken with Autumn Slaw. Autumn Chopped Salad with Salted Maple Vinaigrette. Six Fall Salad Dressings You Should Add To Your Menu. Apple Cider Coffee Cake. All The Drinks You Need For Fall! 35 Mocktails, Cocktails, Coffees & More. More the best season! Fall Forever » feel good food Nourishing Dinners Broccoli Cheddar Orzo Soup. Slow Cooker Pumpkin Beer Shredded Beef Sandwiches. Cheesy Chicken Parmesan Meatballs in Vodka Sauce. Grilled Taco Chicken with Frito Slaw. Salmon Aglio e Olio with Lemon Parmesan Orzo. Toasty Spicy Cheesy Garlic Bread. 60 of Our Favorite Fall Dinners! Summer Sheet Pan Shrimp and Rice. Crispy Chicken Caesar Sandwiches. 85 Of Our Favorite Back To School Dinners! Basil Chicken Meatballs with Summer Couscous. BLT Wraps with Jalapeño Ranch. More feel good food Nourishing Dinners » our favorite Chicken Recipes My Favorite Make-Ahead Gravy. Grilled Buffalo Chicken with Scallion Corn Salad. Grilled BBQ Chicken Guacamole Sandwiches. Jalapeño Cheddar Chicken Meatballs with Herby Summer Sauce. Cherry Jalapeno Chicken Salad. (It’s Easy Everyday Week!) Sticky Apricot Pork Tenderloin. Pretzel Crusted Chicken with Honey Mustard Arugula. French Onion Chicken Meatloaf. Sheet Pan Chicken Meatballs with Tomatoes and Feta. Pretzel Crusted Buffalo Chicken Bites. Sweet Potato Chicken Noodle Soup. Sheet Pan Pierogi, Smoked Sausage & Brussels Sprouts. More our favorite Chicken Recipes » weekly eats Lunch Ideas 100+ Make-Ahead Lunch Ideas for 2026. Summer Tuna Chop. Grilled Summer Salmon Spread. Hot Chicken Salad. Weeknight Mediterranean Beef Bowls. My Favorite Summer Chickpea Pasta Salad. Grilled Shrimp, Corn & Feta Orzo. Smoked Turkey, Provolone & Potato Chip Summer Sliders. More weekly eats Lunch Ideas » Watch this Now Weeknight Peanut Noodles with Roasted Broccoli The perfect easy dinner! Get the recipe » reading lists What I’m Reading What I Read In October 2025. What I Read In August and September 2025. What I Read In July 2025. What I Read In June 2025. More reading lists What I’m Reading » everything i love My Favorite Things My Top 17 Favorite Discoveries of 2025. December Favorites. November Favorites. Fall 2025 Sephora Sale Favorites. More everything i love My Favorite Things » The Ultimate Guide My Favorite Kitchen Tools These are the best of the best – everything I have and personally use. There isn’t anything on this list that I don’t have and use myself. check it out » what to eat this week Weekly Menus What To Eat This Week: 12/28/25. What To Eat This Week: 12/21/25. What To Eat This Week: 12/14/25. What To Eat This Week: 12/7/25. More what to eat this week Weekly Menus » Get New Recipes via email: Daily Weekly Subscribe ^ Back to Top Home About FAQs Contact Recipes Privacy Policy ©2025 How Sweet Eats. Design by Purr . Submit