Hoxx VPN Proxy - Free VPN Service Support: E-mail Us Report Abuse Follow Us: Download Home Pricing Register Download Support Unblock sites within seconds Use HOXX to unblock sites like Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Tumblr, Google, and many others. A simple click lets you bypass geo-based and government-mandated filtering. Unblock sites within seconds Protect your internet privacy Zero configuration Stay safe on public Wi-Fi Bypass government restrictions Our Service is our Promise You deserve 100% safety, privacy, and protection. Today’s internet is big threat, even to experts! It’s your right to surf safely! Online Privacy We prevent malicious websites from accessing your content and personal data. We also protect you from the bad guys on public Wi-Fi. Change your Location Our service can virtually change your location. You will have a new IP address to use for all of your VPN communications. High Encryption We encrypt all of your communications from browsers to target sites and servers. No compromises, no excuses. Minimal Configuration All you need is a valid Hoxx VPN account and our software to get started. No complicated configuration or setup is required. Premium Support Our rapid-response, multi-level support team is ready to serve you and help keep you safe. Ultra Fast & Secure Hoxx VPN uses special software to ensure the fastest service possible. Enjoy safe browsing without compromising speed. Affordable Unlike Hoxx’s low-quality competition, we offer you the best value for the lowest price. We have protected more than 7 million clients since 2014. Over 50+ Locations Every week, we increase our number of server locations. Money-back Guarantee Enjoy our no-exceptions, money-back guarantee. You get your money back within a 7-day period, no questions asked. No bandwidth restrictions We never limit bandwidth. You will always have our full bandwidth available to you. Prevent tracking We filter malicious and insecure advertising network cookies to prevent tracking in your country of origin. © 2014-2024 All Rights Reserved. Hoxx is a registered US trademark Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy EULA Terms of Service Refund Policy DMCA Policy Feel free to contact us with suggestions, converns, problems
                        or simply to say hello. Communication is life. Hoxx Inc 815 Ponce De Leon Blvd Second Floor
33134 Coral Gables, FL
USA Our staff is online
Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. ET.