HR News and Analysis | HR Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's HR industry news Let HR Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Talent Daily M-F Compliance Weekly Every Monday Learning Weekly Every Tuesday Diversity & Inclusion Weekly Every Wednesday Compensation & Benefits Weekly Every Thursday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Compliance Talent Learning Comp & Benefits Diversity & Inclusion HR Mgmt Tech & Analytics State & Local Laws Leon Neal via Getty Images Top 10 learning stories of 2025 Workers sounded off about the need for more training and just how great a role the onboarding experience plays in their retention. Read more ➔ Top stories How the learning leader role is changing amid AI adoption Nearly half of US workers say they’ll need $1M or more to retire, spurring stress Senate restores quorum to beleaguered NLRB Employer can’t enforce arbitration agreement manager never signed, 5th Circuit holds Dairy farm stuck Mexican workers with laborer jobs, calling Americans ‘lazy,’ EEOC says The Latest Leon Neal via Getty Images Employees say they’re fuzzy on their employers’ AI strategy Workers who use AI tend to be most likely to use it to generate ideas and consolidate information, Gallup says. Talent Getty Images NYU launches new certificate aiming to bolster remote work success The program’s interactive modules focus on productivity, collaboration, leadership and long-term career growth in the remote economy. Talent Justin Sullivan / Staff via Getty Images Anti-DEI legal group asks EEOC to investigate Penguin Random House While it is not clear that any previous appeal to EEOC has resulted in action from the agency, shifting priorities under the Trump administration may result in a different outcome. Compliance Getty Images One universal retention factor, according to EY Contrary to other reports, where salary often comes out on top, EY findings highlighted a different key job factor that keeps workers coming back. Diversity & Inclusion Michael Hickey for GE Appliances, a Haier company via Getty Images Workforce policies could address talent shortages, report finds Federal and state policies can strengthen work-based learning, leverage partnerships and address the digital skills divide, JPMorganChase says. Talent Courtesy of Coursera Press Kit Coursera to acquire Udemy to create $2.5B MOOC giant The companies pointed to their complementary offerings and demand for AI skills training. Learning Permission granted by Jimmy Straley, Clark State College Community colleges are training the next generation of manufacturing workers Rutgers University explored how community colleges are responding to regional workforce training demands. Clark State College and Columbus State Community College are among those partnering with local manufacturers. Learning Screenshot: Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions/ YouTube EEOC chair solicits bias charges from White men In light of a predicted uptick in what are often called “reverse discrimination” claims, attorneys recommend HR professionals review EEO and anti-harassment policies. Compliance Michael M. Santiago / Staff via Getty Images This week in 5 numbers: Nearly a third of corporate directors predict a recession is on the horizon Here’s a roundup of numbers from the last week of HR news — including how many states filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump’s new H-1B visa fee. Compliance Getty Images Friday office occupancy is unlikely to rebound. Adjust accordingly, a specialist says. Employees prefer to work from home or take time off at the end of the week, so schedule programming in the middle of the week, a CBRE consulting director says. Talent Kevin Dietsch / Staff via Getty Images 5 benefits predictions for 2026 Rising costs will force employers to make changes to offerings and access, experts predict. Comp & Benefits Permission granted by Defector Media How can feedback flow when every worker is also an owner? Giving and receiving criticism is uncomfortable, even with only 27 employees. Defector Media’s quest to address that dilemma may prove useful to organizations of any size. Talent DMP via Getty Images 3 out of 4 employees say organizations can’t manage change To keep transformation from falling flat, organizations can help team leaders recognize who needs hands-on coaching and who values autonomy, according to an Eagle Hill report. Talent Paul Morigi via Getty Images SHRM rescinded job offer over candidate’s service dog, lawsuit alleges The HR organization on Wednesday declined to comment on the case but confirmed it is reviewing the court filing. Compliance Brandon Bell via Getty Images Where Apple, Disney, JPMorgan, Target and more landed on DEI in 2025 AT&T, Costco and Meta also made notable changes to their DEI strategy. Diversity & Inclusion Jamie Kelter Davis / Stringer via Getty Images Opinion How to create a workplace response plan for ICE visits A Neal, Gerber & Eisenberg LLP attorney provides a strategic guide for employers that can promote employee confidence. Compliance Anna Webber via Getty Images Ex-employee of Dave Ramsey drops claim she was fired for out-of-wedlock pregnancy A judge reopened the case in June following a separate court ruling involving the financial advisor's firm. Updated Dec. 16, 2025 Compliance Alamy Only 1 in 4 employers clearly explain their reward program strategy, report finds “Today’s reported common practices in reward strategy are not necessarily best practice for tomorrow’s challenges,” Korn Ferry says. Talent Getty Images Corporate boards say they are prioritizing succession planning, workforce readiness in 2026 CEO succession planning ranks as the most important board practice needing improvement in 2026, according to the National Association of Corporate Directors. Talent Brandon Bell via Getty Images Poor treatment after WFH accommodation not evidence of disability bias, 11th Circuit says While a former animal services employee’s relationships with colleagues began to deteriorate after her accommodation, it was because “they believed she performed poorly,” the court said. Compliance Alex Wong via Getty Images Trump AI order introduces ‘unstable regulatory landscape’: analysis The executive order opens a “pandora’s box of not only constitutional issues, but also issues pertaining to the EO’s interpretation and scope,” legal analysts said. Compliance Adam Gray / Stringer via Getty Images Opinion Always-on workers are speaking up about going silent “Silent hours” are becoming a meaningful way to curb digital noise, writes Wendy Smith, senior manager of research science at Survey Monkey. HR Management Eric Thayer / Stringer via Getty Images Employers want proof: Are candidates ready for the job? While degrees can be general indicators of preparedness, employers also want specific evidence workers can perform, a Western Governors University report found. Talent Luke Sharrett / Stringer via Getty Images Job market may be ‘turning frigid,’ economist says Growth is concentrated in healthcare, while sectors like transportation shed jobs. That’s worrisome, according to an economic researcher, and tariff policy may be partly to blame. Talent Joe Raedle via Getty Images Year-end hiring cools as employers recalibrate for 2026 Employers are using data and AI to improve efficiency, reduce friction and create stronger candidate experiences, an iCIMS report finds. Talent More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to HR Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Talent Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Compliance Weekly Every Monday Select Newsletter: Learning Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Diversity & Inclusion Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Compensation & Benefits Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular How the learning leader role is changing amid AI adoption Employees say they’re fuzzy on their employers’ AI strategy EEOC chair solicits bias charges from White men 2026 may mean an extra biweekly pay period. Here’s how HR can prepare. Library resources Playbook Why Pet Healthcare Benefits are a Strategic Advantage Custom content for Wagmo Webinar - on demand The Disappearing Middle: How AI is Reshaping Leadership and the Future of Work Custom content for FirstUp Survey Report More GLP-1s, More Cost Sharing: Maximizing Benefits for 2026 Custom content for Verily Life Sciences View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Bloomberg Law Trump Administration Must Face Lawsuit Over DOGE Data Access The Conversation Could your boss be lonely? Here’s why it matters more than you might think Talker Research Holidaze? Most already checked out by December 15 View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Enhancing the HR experience with AI that works Webinar - on demand • Provided by Glean Embracing Discomfort: Navigating Growth Through Challenges Webinar - on demand • Provided by Gallagher The Pharmacy Problem You Can’t Afford to Ignore Webinar - on demand • Provided by Transcarent HR Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Talent Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Compliance Weekly Every Monday Select Newsletter: Learning Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Diversity & Inclusion Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Compensation & Benefits Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications CFO Dive Marketing Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Compliance Talent Learning Comp & Benefits Diversity & Inclusion HR Mgmt Tech & Analytics State & Local Laws Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get HR Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Talent Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Compliance Weekly Every Monday Select Newsletter: Learning Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Diversity & Inclusion Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Compensation & Benefits Weekly Every Thursday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.