H Rewards - Book Hotels worldwide Corporate English ( EN ) EUR Login Hotels Offers Destinations Meeting & Event Loyalty Program Voucher Shop Corporate English ( EN ) Loading EUR #meetingsforyou offer for meetings and events Valid until the end of the year Book now Festive Season Stay with us to discover the festive joys of our destinations Explore now Welcome to H Rewards! Six strong hotel brands – an attractive loyalty & bonus program! Book your next hotel stay now and take advantage of exclusive benefits as a member of H Rewards. Register now and collect points right from your first booking. travel.next.level. Become a member now Drive SIXT & collect points 1.000 H Rewards Points & up to 15% Discount at SIXT More Information Where are you going? 0 Room(s) ⋅ 0 Adults 0 Room(s) ⋅ 0 Adults Search I'm traveling for work H Rewards is hospitality H Rewards unites seven renowned hotel brands under one roof: Steigenberger Icons, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX Hotels, Jaz in the City, IntercityHotel, Zleep Hotels and Ji Hotel. Benefit from a new dimension of hospitality and special appreciation. Our brands Our new openings Discover our New Locations and Hotels Are you looking for exciting new travel destinations and hotels? H Rewards, with its eight attractive hotel brands, is continuously growing for you. Explore our latest and upcoming hotel openings and discover new destinations that promise unforgettable experiences. Discover now Together we are going places At H Rewards you can enjoy the benefits of your membership right from the start. Whether you choose a luxurious or comfortable hotel, whether you spend a pleasant time in a resort or city hotel - as a member of the H Rewards program you will benefit from exclusive rates and attractive redemption options. Sign up for H Rewards: Exclusive rates Attractive reward offers Special appreciation for long-time members Selected offers from exclusive partners - such as Europcar Become a member now Advantages for members Accommodation voucher category 4 (35,000 points) 1 night in a double or single room without breakfast in one of the participating hotels of category 4. Gourmet menu for two (42,000 points) One 3-course menu each, 1 glass of sparkling wine as an aperitif each, 1 large bottle of mineral water, one specialty coffee each. Redeemable in one of the participating Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts. Breakfast voucher (16,800 points) Voucher for 1 breakfast for 2 persons in one of the participating hotels of category 1. Room Upgrade (14.000 points) 1 upgrade to the next higher room category for up to 2 nights at any of the participating hotels. Get exclusive offers for free. Subscribe to our newsletter right now and stay up to date quickly and conveniently. Unsubscribing is possible at any time. Keep me updated For more information, please see our privacy policy . I consent to Steigenberger Hotels GmbH collecting the following data with the aim of analysing my preferences and user behaviour in order to send me personalised, interest-related promotional emails:
Time of newsletter opening, my device and my clicks on the links in the newsletter. Become a H Rewards member Exclusive rates Attractive premium offers Special appreciation of longstanding members Register now Quick Links About H Rewards Staysmart Career Partner CSR Contact FAQ H Rewards App Check-In H Rewards App Steigenberger Hotels GmbH Lyoner Straße 25
60528 Frankfurt am Main
Germany Pay at H Rewards.com using: Please note that there may be a variation in payment methods offered at individual hotels. Privacy Policy Imprint H Rewards terms of participation Operating Company Travel Policy Terms & Conditions