Book a Hotel: Find hotels with HRS and make your business trip easier. Skip to main content Log in Feedback Find hotels for your next trip Search Location, hotel, region, address, post code Arrival unknown 0 nights Departure unknown Persons and rooms 1 person - 1 room Additional search filters Search hotels Check in today – save up to 50% It pays to be a member Free membership, great benefits. Log in Join for free Save up to 50% instantly Automatic rebooking if the price drops Earn miles and points with every booking 24/7 customer support Log in Join for free Experience the new HRS - even on the road Enjoy all the benefits for business travelers with the new services even more seamlessly and book workspaces soon. Learn more about your Business Travel Upgrade in the HRS app here. Download the HRS App now Hotels as you like them Berlin Munich Cologne Dresden Paris Rome Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin Hotels near airport Hotels near railway All hotels in Berlin … or directly jump into one of the most booked hotels. Most popular destinations Berlin Munich Cologne Hamburg Berlin Travel to Berlin The German capital Berlin (about 3.6 million inhabitants) has an eventful history and many interesting sights. The best example is the memorial plaque for John F. Kennedy, who said in 1963: "I am a Berliner". Book hotels in Berlin Munich Munich offers so much The Bavarian capital München has about 1.5 million inhabitants. The location in the foothills of the Alps promises varied stays both in the warm and cold seasons. The most popular square in the city is Marienplatz and the most famous church is the Frauenkirche. Munich is a destination for city/cultural trips! Book hotels in Munich Cologne Visiting the Rhine metropolis Cologne The Cologne Cathedral including the Cathedral Treasury is only one of the attractive sights that the city of Cologne has to offer. Four times a day the bell sounds in the tower of the town hall. The old town offers quaint pubs and breweries. A Kölsch is a typical drink. Not only during the carnival season does Cologne attract visitors with its sights and experiences, but all year round. Book hotels in Cologne Hamburg Discover Hamburg Often referred to as the "gateway to the world", Hamburg is a city-state with just under 1.9 million inhabitants. The harbour, fish market and Reeperbahn are the most famous sights. The most famous landmark is the Michel. Hamburg has been regarded as a musical metropolis for years. A visit is always worthwhile! Book hotels in Hamburg Find the perfect hotel for your trip with HRS! HRS is the ideal companion for business travel and is one of the top three hotel portals in Europe. Travelers and travel managers in small and medium-sized companies benefit from fast and easy online hotel bookings as well as customized solutions before, during and after their hotel stay. HRS negotiates special rates with hotels for registered myHRS members with discounts of up to 50 percent. Flexibility is particularly important for business travelers, as appointments can be postponed spontaneously. That's why standard bookings at HRS can be canceled free of charge until 6 p.m. on the day of arrival. With investments in new technologies, HRS is driving digital booking and guest experiences, e.g. check-in, check-out and payment of the hotel bill via smartphone. During their stay, HRS is there for its business travelers with excellent customer service. Highest quality, low prices and only real hotel reviews Theme worlds such as top hotels with coworking spaces or business hotels with very well-equipped business areas can also be found on our portal. You can also directly choose hotels of a hotel chain, such as ACHAT, Best Western, Motel One or InterCity Hotels and specifically search for them. Detailed hotel descriptions, informative photos and videos as well as about five million hotel ratings facilitate the hotel search. The special thing about HRS hotel ratings: Only guests who have booked through HRS and stayed at the respective hotel can submit a rating. Thus, you can see real hotel ratings for each hotel. Exclusive benefits for myHRS members With a free myHRS account, you can enjoy a range of benefits to make your hotel bookings and stays even more enjoyable. myHRS members receive exclusive offers and save up to 50% at top hotels. In addition, you can enjoy special amenities such as maximum flexibility thanks to free cancellation until 6 p.m. on the day of arrival at most hotels, free late check-out, room upgrades (subject to availability) and easy booking thanks to booking templates in your myHRS account. Another highlight: collect points and miles with selected bonus programs such as Miles & More or BahnBonus (€1 = 1 mile/point) with every booking. With myHRS you can plan your travel flexibly and benefit from tailor-made offers - for relaxed and carefree planning. Further information on your benefits as a myHRS member can be found here . Safety & hygiene have top priority The health, safety and security of our customers and business partners are currently more important than ever. For this reason, we have developed the Clean & Safe Protocol together with SGS, the world's leading inspection, verification, testing and certification company. With the Clean & Safe label, you can see at first glance whether a hotel complies with extended hygiene measures. This makes traveling safe. Hotels in Great Britain Hotels in Europe Hotels Worldwide Birmingham hotels Bradford hotels Brighton hotels Bristol hotels Cambridge hotels Liverpool hotels London hotels Manchester hotels Nottingham hotels Slough hotels York hotels All hotels in Great Britain Aachen hotels Alicante hotels Amsterdam hotels Athens hotels Barcelona hotels Basel hotels Berlin hotels Bonn hotels Brussels hotels Bucharest hotels Budapest hotels Copenhagen hotels The Hague hotels Dresden hotels Dublin hotels Dusseldorf hotels Edinburgh hotels Essen hotels Florence hotels Frankfurt hotels Freiburg hotels Geneva hotels Hamburg hotels Hanover hotels Heidelberg hotels Istanbul hotels Cologne hotels Krakow hotels Leipzig hotels Lisbon hotels Luxembourg hotels Madrid hotels Mannheim hotels Milan hotels Munich hotels Nuremberg hotels Oslo hotels Paris hotels Prague hotels Roissy en France hotels Rome hotels Salzburg hotels Seville hotels Sofia hotels Stockholm hotels Stuttgart hotels Warsaw hotels Vienna hotels Wiesbaden hotels Zurich hotels All Hotels in Europe Abu Dhabi hotels Bangkok hotels Beijing hotels Delhi hotels Dubai hotels Guangzhou hotels Johannesburg hotels Kuala Lumpur hotels Moscow hotels New York hotels Shanghai hotels São Paulo hotels Toronto hotels Hotels in the USA Hotels in Canada Hotels in Central America Hotels in South America Hotels in Asia Hotels in Africa Hotels in Australia Our Products For large companies For hotels Our Services Contact Jobs and careers Press Payment options © 2025 HRS GmbH All rights reserved. Data protection and Security Cookies Cookie Settings Terms and Conditions Imprint FAQ stage: production 5 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.2 Very good Hotel Bristol Berlin Berlin 8.2 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.1 Very good IntercityHotel Berlin Hauptbahnhof Berlin 8.1 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Motel One Hauptbahnhof Berlin 8.5 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.8 Very good Titanic Chaussee Berlin Berlin 8.8 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Motel One Deutsches Museum München 8.5 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.3 Very good Hotel Drei Löwen München 8.3 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Motel One München-Parkstadt Schwabing München 8.5 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 6.9 Appealing Hotel Ramada Encore by Wyndham Munich Messe München 6.9 Appealing 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 9.1 Excellent Savoy Cologne 9.1 Excellent 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.0 Very good Maritim Köln Cologne 8.0 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.0 Very good Mauritius Hotel und Therme Cologne 8.0 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.2 Very good Dorint am Heumarkt Cologne 8.2 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Hotel Am Terrassenufer Dresden 8.5 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.7 Very good Bilderberg Bellevue Hotel Dresden Dresden 8.7 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Hotel Bergwirtschaft Wilder Mann Dresden 8.5 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.7 Very good Hotel Backstage Dresden 8.7 Very good 3 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.1 Very good Hotel De L Orchidee Paris 8.1 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.8 Very good OKKO Hôtels Paris Porte de Versailles Paris 8.8 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.3 Very good B&B HOTEL Paris Roissy CDG Paris 8.3 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.5 Very good Hotel LE GRAND QUARTIER Paris 8.5 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.8 Very good Hotel Occidental Aran Park Rome 8.8 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.4 Very good Warmthotel Rome 8.4 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.4 Very good Hotel Caravel Centro Congressuale Rome 8.4 Very good 4 HRS Stars HRS Stars 8.4 Very good Hotel Best Western President Rome 8.4 Very good