HSBCnet | Corporate and Institutional Banking | HSBC HSBCnet HSBCnet About HSBCnet services Online security Customer support Getting started Troubleshooting 从中国登录 Menu Log on to HSBCnet Skip to main content About HSBCnet services Online security Customer support Getting started Troubleshooting 从中国登录 Smarter banking with HSBCnet Smarter banking with HSBCnet Gain total visibility of your global finances, trade transactions and FX positions with HSBCnet - anytime, anywhere. Explore HSBCnet today Awards Awards Shared goals lead to shared success. Without your business, we couldn’t achieve what we do. Discover our recent wins Staying ahead of online fraud Staying ahead of online fraud We’re committed to helping our customers stay safe online with HSBCnet’s award-winning fraud prevention technology. We’re also here to keep you informed on the latest fraud trends and help you protect your business. How to stay safe online ISO 20022: the new language of payments ISO 20022: the new language of payments Over the next few years, market infrastructures across the world will align to global ISO 20022 standards. We’ve created readiness handbooks to support the transition to ISO 20022, how and why these changes will happen, and the benefits they can bring. View the readiness handbooks Take the driver's seat on your international payment journey Take the driver's seat on your international payment journey From payment initiation and FX conversion to each payment reaching its destination, HSBC empowers you to be the driver – not the passenger. Find out how we can help Smarter banking with HSBCnet Smarter banking with HSBCnet Gain total visibility of your global finances, trade transactions and FX positions with HSBCnet - anytime, anywhere. Awards Awards Shared goals lead to shared success. Without your business, we couldn’t achieve what we do. Staying ahead of online fraud Staying ahead of online fraud We’re committed to helping our customers stay safe online with HSBCnet’s award-winning fraud prevention technology. We’re also here to keep you informed on the latest fraud trends and help you protect your business. ISO 20022: the new language of payments ISO 20022: the new language of payments Over the next few years, market infrastructures across the world will align to global ISO 20022 standards. We’ve created readiness handbooks to support the transition to ISO 20022, how and why these changes will happen, and the benefits they can bring. Take the driver's seat on your international payment journey Take the driver's seat on your international payment journey From payment initiation and FX conversion to each payment reaching its destination, HSBC empowers you to be the driver – not the passenger. Banking moves fast online. Keeping up with changes in technology, regulation and the economic environment can be demanding. That's why we've developed powerful, intuitive online tools to help you manage even your most complex banking needs. HSBCnet Mobile Want access to your banking services at any time? Get access to HSBCnet directly from your mobile device with the HSBCnet Mobile app. eSign Portal Sign your documents online Sustainable Finance The HSBC Centre of Sustainable Finance provides thought leadership about transforming and strengthening the financial system’s response to climate change. Commercial Banking Our global reach and expertise helps millions of customers – from small businesses to large multinationals – unlock their potential. Financial Regulation Need help to solve this puzzle? HSBC helps you to understand the new financial world in our financial regulation section. Global Banking and Markets HSBC Global Banking and Markets provides financial services and products to corporates, governments, and institutions. HSBC.com HSBC Asset Management HSBC Private Bank HSBC Wealth and Personal Banking Global Research Go to top Online Security HSBC Group Customer support Terms and Conditions of Use Privacy and Data Protection Statement Cookie Notice 沪ICP备15029387号 - 1 © HSBC Bank 2025 You are leaving the HSBCnet website. Please be aware that the external site policies will differ from our website terms and conditions and privacy policy. The next site will open in a new browser window or tab. Cancel I understand, let's proceed