Beware of phishing SMS messages

We'll never notify you of your e-commerce platform membership subscription results via SMS. Learn more.

We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details please read our Cookie Policy.


close cookie banner
Skip page header and navigation
Personal
Business
Global Banking and Markets
HSBC Private Bank
List of languages
English 
Log on 
Banking
Accounts & Services
Borrowing
Cards & Loans
Investing
Securities & Currency Exchange
Insurance
Protection & Planning
Insights
Analysis & Market Data
Offers
Latest Rewards
HSBC Premier Elite referral reward 
Enjoy up to HKD10,000 cash reward for every successful  referral. T&Cs apply.
Apply Mortgage Online 
Apply Mortgage Online This link will open in a new window
Submit your online application anytime, quickly and conveniently.
	

1) HSBC introduces new relief measures to further support residents of Wang Fuk Court. Learn more
Learn more to hsbc offers new support for wang fuk court residents This link will open in a new window
.

 

Beware of fraudulent WhatsApp messages regarding Wang Fuk Court relief cash withdrawal. We’ve never sent any notifications regarding ‘cash withdrawals for victims’ via WhatsApp.

 

If you need urgent assistance, please contact the following dedicated hotlines:

HSBC Banking Services / HSBC Life Insurance: (852) 2233 3066

HSBC General Insurance (operated by AXA): (852) 2894 4676

 

2) Maintenance of Faster Payment System (FPS) services: Our FPS services will be temporarily suspended between 2:30am and 8:30am on 4 Jan 2026 for regular system updates and maintenance. Please make advance arrangements for your payment activities, if necessary. Learn more.

	
Close fraud alert message
Draw cash, quick & easy 

Use the HSBC HK App to draw cash out of your credit card conveniently and get instant application result.

Cash Advance Limited Time Offer 

Until 31 January 2026, get up to $400 spending credit when you withdraw cash using your HSBC credit card. T&Cs apply.

USD returns up to 4.20% p.a. 

Apply online for Swift Save Insurance Plan in less than 3 minutes. T&Cs apply.

Healthcare you need 

Get up to 60% off with VHIS Flexi Plan. T&Cs apply.

All-You-Can-Split 

One instruction to split upcoming credit card monthly statement balances into spending instalment plans automatically.

To borrow or not to borrow? Borrow only if you can repay! T&Cs apply.

Get up to 3.4% p.a. time deposit interest rates 

Place a new fund time deposit to enjoy preferential interest rates of up to 3.4% p.a..

Terms and conditions apply. Currency conversion involves risk.

Pay credit card bills of other banks with HSBC card 
This link will open in a new window

Settle balances at other banks with HSBC credit card for better flexibility, at a 1% fee!

Terms and conditions apply.

HSBC Premier 
learn more about HSBC Premier

Enjoy fee-free global transfer, worldwide Premier status and exclusive benefits.

T&Cs apply.


HSBC One 2.0 
Learn more about HSBC One

Banking upgraded, rewards reimagined. HSBC One 2.0 elevates banking and lifestyle experience!

Terms and conditions apply.


Investment 
Investment

Compare our wealth products, and find the right solution for you.


Commercial Banking 
Commercial Banking

Supporting success - let us help you grow your business through our dedicated range of solutions.


Global Banking and Markets 
Global Banking and Market

Customised products and solutions to help organisations meet their financial objectives.


HSBC Private Bank 
Global Private Banking This link will open in a new window

Wealth planning that reflects your ambitions, both now and for future generations.


Enhance the way you log on 

Seamless log on experience powered by new security capabilities on HBSC Online and Mobile Banking.


Cyber Security and Fraud Hub 

Customers should not disclose their online banking credentials to any third party aggregator mobile apps.


HSBC Safeguard 

Learn how financial crime affects all of us and why information is crucial to preventing financial crime.


Important notices 

Find information relating to our services, terms and conditions and other updates.


This link will open in a new window
Back to top 
Contact HSBC
Write, call or send a message 	
Find a branch
And your nearest Express Banking location 	
Help and Support
See FAQs, forms and fees & charges 	
About HSBC
Careers, media, investor and corporate information 
Privacy and Security
Terms of Use
Online Security
Regulatory Disclosures
More

© Copyright. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited  2002-2025. All rights reserved


This website is designed for use in Hong Kong. Cross-border disclosure
Cross-border disclosure This link will open in a new window

