HSS | Hospital for Special Surgery | #1 for Orthopedics Skip to main content Giving | Careers | Why Choose HSS | MyHSS Sign In Find a Doctor Locations Health Library Patient Care Research & Education 1.212.606.1000 Make an Appointment Find a Doctor Locations Health Library Patient Care Research & Education Giving Careers Why Choose HSS MyHSS Sign In 1.212.606.1000 Make an Appointment HSS | Hospital for Special Surgery #1 in Orthopedics in the U.S. 16 YEARS IN A ROW. Find a Doctor and Book Online Please select your Insurance Next Explore additional HSS services Schedule an in-person appointment with a physical therapist Physical Therapy We offer convenient same-day options for orthopedic care HSS Orthopedics Now After going elsewhere for surgery, Caitlin came to HSS to get her life back . Close Our patients say it best. We receive consistently high ratings from our patients for the quality of our doctors and our hospital. More than 4,000 have shared their experience in their own words. Search stories by condition, doctor, hometown, or even favorite activity. Read their inspiring stories Expertise you can trust. From diagnosis to surgery, our top ranked orthopedic and rheumatology specialists can explain your treatment options and provide the care you need. Learn why you should choose HSS See our top rankings Compare hospital reliability Close #1 in Orthopedics 16 Years in a Row A National Leader in Rheumatology Best Children's Hospital for Orthopedics in NY-NJ-CT Awards and Recognition We're proud to share the remarkable accomplishments that have contributed to our hospital's reputation for excellence. See all our rankings News Highlights View more in our newsroom HSS Earns Its 6th Consecutive Magnet® Recognition for Nursing Excellence Significant Gift Funds Development of the HSS Digital Twin Platform for Optimizing Orthopedic Care George Cyril, MD Shares the Benefits of Firmer Sleep Surfaces on CNN MyHSS Manage your care, message your doctors, and access your health information now. Access MyHSS MyHSS is also available as an app for both iOS and Android devices. Learn more about MyHSS Close Close Move Better Feel Better Advice to improve your movement, fitness, and overall health View more articles Injury Prevention Holiday Safety Tips: How to Deck Your Halls the Right Way Kids and Sports The Link Between Growth Hormone Therapy and Fracture Risk in Children Injury Prevention Five Tips for Preventing Runner's Knee Make an Appointment at HSS Connect With Us Share Your Story Read Articles from Move Better Feel Better Subscribe to our eNewsletters Make a Donation Learn More About HSS Newsroom Community Benefit HSS Store Contact Us Information For Patients and Visitors Medical Professionals Job Seekers Employers Vendors Staff Policies HSS Patient Policies and Guidelines Website Terms of Use Website/App Privacy Policy © 2025 Hospital for Special Surgery. 535 East 70th Street, New York, NY 10021 Hospital for Special Surgery, HSS and the HSS logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hospital for Special Surgery in the United States and other countries. ↑ Close