Hu-manity.co – Restoring Trust in Digital © 2021, Hu-manity.co - We Believe Your Data is Your Property Skip to content Leadership Advisors Contact Us Leadership Advisors Contact Us © 2022, Hu-manity.co | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy All Rights Reserved. We Believe Your Data is Your Property. A better path PRIVACY MATTERS Companies are using the Hu-manity.co Privacy Experience™️ to promote privacy and build trust, transparency, and authenticity with customers across all channels. ``…as customers grow distrustful of the techniques used to provide these experiences, businesses are hurtling toward a breaking point.`` — accenture Accenture Technology Vision 2020 ``... technology represents an opportunity to gain or lose stakeholders' trust. Leaders are approaching trust not as a compliance or PR issue but as a business-critical goal.`` — deloitte Ethical Technology and Trust ``In a majority of markets, less than half of the mass population trust their institutions to do what is right.`` — edelman Edelman trust Barometer 2020 ``The erosion of trust has been a key theme of the last decade, and one that all business leaders must engage within the years ahead.`` — world economic forum As technology advances, businesses need to be more trustworthy than ever. ``Trust is like the air we breathe -- when it's present, nobody really notices. When it's absent, everyone notices.`` — Warren Buffett Businessman, investor, philanthropist All trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned on the Website are property of their respective owners. You understand that reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise, does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us, or vice versa. Every company is now at risk of being disrupted by a more trusted, transparent, or authentic, version of itself. trust We've got privacy covered We are helping organizations transform their data privacy contracting practices to cultivate and compete on trust in their respective markets. transparency We've got compliance covered We are helping organizations digitize their data consumption policies to compete on data transparency and GDPR/CCPA compliance globally. authenticity We've got identity covered We are helping organizations integrate identity systems across silos to increase authenticity and be sure about who is on the other side of tele-everything. The Hu-manity.co Privacy Experience™️ Deployed on over 1 million web properties globally. Seen by hundreds of millions of consumers annually. LEADERSHIP We support the adoption of the 31st Human Right Sheli Gupta Co-Chief Executive Officer Matt Sinderbrand Chief Product Officer Richie Etwaru Executive Chairman & Co-CEO Bartosz Arendt VICE PRESIDENT, PRODUCT & TECHNOLOGY ADVISORS We're promoting privacy™️ Larry Smarr ADVISOR Ray Wang ADVISOR Rita McGrath ADVISOR Craig Lipset ADVISOR Marla Gottschalk Advisor CORPORATE SUPPORT The 31st Human Right Watch a video of our Executive Chairman & Co-CEO Richie Etwaru interviewed on The 31st Human Right at the United Nations Celebration of the 70th Anniversary of The Declaration Human Rights hosted by The People Centered Internet and Constellation Research in Palo Alto California on December 10th 2018. Watch video PRESS & MEDIA We are deeply honored to be covered by global press & media. GET IN TOUCH Learn about our products & services, get a sneak peek of our roadmap. Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message [email protected] About Us Hu-manity.co’s software, powered by artificial intelligence, creates, reads, understands, and compares the legal language in data-related contracts that govern data practices between multiple entities. Institutions use Hu-manity.co’s software to restore trust and transparency in digital technologies. Hu-manity.co was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in Sparta, New Jersey. The company acquired BetterPath, a Natural Language Understanding company in Q2 2019, and Cookie Notice, the leading website cookie consent management software in Q1 2020. Mission & Vision We see a world where trust, transparency and authenticity are core values in the post-digital and post-COVID19 version of commerce between individuals and institutions. We are on a mission to use technological inventions, and leading distribution channel partners to bring this vision to life. We have a vision that humanity adopts a 31st Human Right “Everyone has property rights on their data.” We’re Promoting Privacy™ © 2022, Hu-manity.co | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy All Rights Reserved.