Hudson Institute Skip to main content Home Topics Caption President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with business leaders at the US Ambassador’s Residence on October 28, 2025, in Tokyo, Japan. (Getty Images) National Security and Defense Trump 2.0’s National Security Strategy Nadia Schadlow Senior Fellow Nadia Schadlow In the Media Dec 9, 2025 In the Media National Security & Defense Foreign Policy Economics Energy Human Rights Domestic Policy Technology Trade View All Open Submenu Regions Caption (Screenshot via CNN) Foreign Policy Accommodating Russia Does Not Work Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Senior Fellow and Director, Keystone Defense Initiative Rebeccah L. Heinrichs In the Media Dec 8, 2025 In the Media Indo-Pacific Middle East Europe & Central Asia South Asia Africa Americas Open Submenu Policy Centers Caption Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on December 2, 2025, in Dublin, Ireland. (Getty Images) Security Alliances Course-Correcting the Russia-Ukraine Negotiations Peter Rough Senior Fellow and Director, Center on Europe and Eurasia Can Kasapoğlu Senior Fellow (Nonresident) Peter Rough & Can Kasapoğlu Commentary Dec 10, 2025 Commentary 5
 Min Read Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Center on Europe and Eurasia China Center Initiative on American Energy Security Japan Chair View All Open Submenu Research & Analysis Caption (Screenshot via the US Senate) Missile Defense Arms Race 2.0 Marshall Billingslea Senior Fellow Marshall Billingslea Testimony Dec 10, 2025 Testimony 9
 Min Read Commentary Reports Testimony In the Media Podcasts Open Submenu Events Caption Iranian protestors set fire to Israeli and American flags during a demonstration on October 8, 2024, in Tehran, Iran. (Getty Images) Event Antisemitism as a National Security Threat Cole Bunzel , Sebastian Gorka , Adam Hadley , Derek Harvey , Ludovic Hood , Scott Jennings , Ambassador (ret.) Deborah E. Lipstadt, PhD , Park MacDougald , Congressman Brian Mast , Walter Mead , Zineb Riboua , Judd Rosenblatt , Joel Scanlon , Michael Sobolik , Matt Spalding , John Walters , Michael Doran , Rebeccah Heinrichs , Liel Leibovitz , Aaron MacLean Dec 12, 2025 event Events Hudson Events Podcast Open Submenu Experts About About Hudson Institute Hudson Institute Hudson Institute Jan 1, 2025 In the Media History Leadership Board of Trustees Staff For the Media Careers & Internships Contact Us Open Submenu Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Open Main Menu Subscribe Subscribe Donate Search Popular in search Caption Seahawk, a medium uncrewed surface vessel prototype, departs Naval Base Point Loma, California, on August 6, 2025. (US Navy) Defense Strategy One Size Doesn’t Fit All: Building US Navy Hedges Against Rising Threats Bryan Clark Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Bryan Clark Commentary Dec 8, 2025 Commentary 11
 Min Read Caption A flag of Israel with flowers during a rally in support of Israeli hostages in front of the Trocadero in Paris, France, on October 17, 2025. (Getty Images) Politics and Government Confront Antisemitic Lies with the Truth Nikki R. Haley Walter P. Stern Chair Nikki R. Haley Commentary Dec 11, 2025 Commentary 4
 Min Read Caption Mourners gather around floral tributes at Bondi Pavilion to honor the victims of the Bondi Beach shooting in Sydney, Australia, on December 16, 2025. (Getty Images) Politics and Government The Intifada Comes to Australia Walter Russell Mead Ravenel B. Curry III Distinguished Fellow in Strategy and Statesmanship Walter Russell Mead Commentary Dec 15, 2025 Commentary 1
 Min Read Dec 15, 2025 Christmas and Hanukkah 2025 Message from the President and CEO • 3
 Min Read Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Caption A formation of Dongfeng-41 nuclear missiles takes part in a military parade celebrating the  seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China in Beijing on October 1, 2019.  (Xia Yifang via Getty Images) Defense Strategy Implications of Chinese Nuclear Weapons Modernization for the United States and Regional Allies John Lee Senior Fellow Lavina Lee Senior lecturer in the Department of Security Studies and Criminology at Macquarie University, Council of the Australian Strategic Policy Institute&nbsp; John Lee & Lavina Lee Jul 30, 2025 Reports 3
 Min Read Caption The guided-missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald fires the first Naval Strike Missile from a US destroyer on July 18, 2024, in the Pacific Ocean. (US Navy photo) Ending Self-Imposed Scarcity: Exploiting America’s Commercial Strengths to Mobilize Weapons Production Bryan Clark Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Dan Patt Senior Fellow, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Nadia Schadlow Senior Fellow Bryan Clark , Dan Patt & Nadia Schadlow Reports Caption President Donald Trump appears on the first day of the Republican National Convention on July 15, 2024, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images) Foreign Policy The King’s Foils Michael Doran Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Michael Doran Apr 7, 2025 Commentary Long Read Caption US Air Force F-35A Lightning IIs and Israeli Air Force F-35I Adirs fly in formation during exercise Enduring Lightning III over Israel on October 12, 2020. (US Air Force) How Israel’s Victory Strengthens America’s Hand Zineb Riboua Research Fellow, Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Zineb Riboua Commentary Caption President Donald Trump delivers remarks during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron on February 24, 2025, in Washington, DC. (Getty Images) Foreign Policy Could This Be Great? Trump as Opportunity Peter Rough Senior Fellow and Director, Center on Europe and Eurasia Peter Rough May 8, 2025 Commentary 13
 Min Read Caption Ukrainian soldiers practice building assault tactics on October 16, 2025. (Getty Images) Ukraine Military Situation Report | Critical Trends from 2025 Can Kasapoğlu Senior Fellow (Nonresident) Can Kasapoğlu Commentary Fighting Antisemitism 01 Antisemitism as a National Security Threat 02 Confront Antisemitic Lies with the Truth 03 The “Jews” Are a Proxy for a Far Bigger Political Fight Events View All Events 19 December 2025 Past Event US-Taiwan AI Cooperation and Challenges Featured Speakers: Jeremy Chang Ethan Tu Jason Hsu Moderator: Riley Walters 19 December 2025 Past Event US-Taiwan AI Cooperation and Challenges Join Hudson for a discussion on challenges and key areas for cooperation in the global AI development competition. FRIDAY 8:00 a.m. - 9:00 a.m. Featured Speakers: Jeremy Chang Ethan Tu Jason Hsu Moderator: Riley Walters Learn More 15 December 2025 Past Event Supreme Court Weighs Liability of ISPs for Subscribers’ Copyright Infringement Featured Speakers: Zvi Rosen Ben Sheffner Jake Tracer Moderator: Devlin Hartline 15 December 2025 Past Event Supreme Court Weighs Liability of ISPs for Subscribers’ Copyright Infringement Hudson Institute’s Devlin Hartline will host copyright law experts Zvi Rosen, Ben Sheffner, and Jake Tracer for a discussion on what the Supreme Court may decide and why it matters for the creative industries. MONDAY 8:00 a.m. - 9:00 a.m. Featured Speakers: Zvi Rosen Ben Sheffner Jake Tracer Moderator: Devlin Hartline Learn More 12 December 2025 Past Event Antisemitism as a National Security Threat Featured Speakers: Cole Bunzel Sebastian Gorka Adam Hadley Derek Harvey Ludovic Hood Scott Jennings Ambassador (ret.) Deborah E. Lipstadt, PhD Park MacDougald Congressman Brian Mast Walter Russell Mead Zineb Riboua Judd Rosenblatt Joel Scanlon Michael Sobolik Matt Spalding John P. Walters Moderators: Michael Doran Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Liel Leibovitz Aaron MacLean 12 December 2025 Past Event Antisemitism as a National Security Threat Hudson’s Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East will convene policymakers, experts, and private sector leaders to examine how antisemitism, both foreign and domestic, threatens American security and Western civilization. FRIDAY 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Featured Speakers: Cole Bunzel Sebastian Gorka Adam Hadley Derek Harvey Ludovic Hood Scott Jennings Ambassador (ret.) Deborah E. Lipstadt, PhD Park MacDougald Congressman Brian Mast Walter Russell Mead Zineb Riboua Judd Rosenblatt Joel Scanlon Michael Sobolik Matt Spalding John P. Walters Moderators: Michael Doran Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Liel Leibovitz Aaron MacLean Learn More 11 December 2025 Past Event Building US-Taiwan Defense Supply Chain Collaboration: Opportunities for Codevelopment and Coproduction Featured Speakers: Admiral Lee Hsi-Min Betsy Shieh Brandon Tseng Rupert Hammond-Chambers Moderator: Jason Hsu 11 December 2025 Past Event Building US-Taiwan Defense Supply Chain Collaboration: Opportunities for Codevelopment and Coproduction Join Hudson for a discussion with senior defense, industry, and policy leaders on how the US and Taiwan can advance collaborative models for codevelopment, coproduction, and supply chain integration. THURSDAY 2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. Featured Speakers: Admiral Lee Hsi-Min Betsy Shieh Brandon Tseng Rupert Hammond-Chambers Moderator: Jason Hsu Learn More View All Events Topics Regions View More National Security and Defense Foreign Policy Technology Economics Energy Human Rights China Indo-Pacific Europe Ukraine Middle East Defense Strategy Pickets, Pouncers, and Protectors Bryan Clark Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology David Byrd Fellow, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Bryan Clark & David Byrd Reports Reports Long Read Caption Ukrainian soldiers practice building assault tactics on October 16, 2025. (Getty Images) National Security and Defense Ukraine Military Situation Report | Critical Trends from 2025 Can Kasapoğlu Senior Fellow (Nonresident) Can Kasapoğlu Commentary Dec 24, 2025 Commentary 4
 Min Read Caption An Israeli Air Force F-16 departs in-flight on July 11, 2023. (US Air Force) National Security and Defense The US Needs Israeli Innovation for Our Defense Michael Doran Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Michael Doran Commentary Dec 24, 2025 Commentary 6
 Min Read Caption Recruits crawl a designated distance with combat gear during the zero day of basic combined arms training in Ukraine, on December 12, 2025 (Getty Images) National Security and Defense Underrated Global Risks in 2026 Patrick M. Cronin Asia-Pacific Security Chair Patrick M. Cronin Commentary Dec 23, 2025 Commentary 2
 Min Read Caption (School of War) National Security and Defense American Industry and the Future of War Aaron MacLean Senior Fellow Aaron MacLean Commentary Dec 23, 2025 Commentary 1
 Min Read View More Become a Hudson insider and stay up to date on the latest news and analysis from Hudson Institute. Full Name First Name Last Name Email Newsletters Hudson in 5 The top five things from Hudson we think you should know this week. Delivered Wednesdays at 7:00 a.m. ET Weekend Reads Hectic week? Catch up on the latest from our experts with Hudson’s Weekend Reads— a deep dive into the policies and ideas shaping the world. Delivered Saturdays at 9:00 a.m. ET Event Invitations Get candid perspectives from world leaders, government officials, and business innovators as they join Hudson scholars for a look at the issues shaping headlines in Washington and beyond. Invitations are sent as events are scheduled. If you’d like to receive commentary, research, and event invitations from our scholars about a topic or region, please select below: Topics Test Topic Term Economics -Global Economy -Regulation -Trade -Supply Chains Energy Domestic Policy -Politics and Government -Health Care -Immigration -Education -Legal Affairs -Drug Policy Human Rights -Religious Freedom -Democracy National Security and Defense -Terrorism -Defense Strategy -Arms Control and Nonproliferation -Cybersecurity -Missile Defense Foreign Policy -Security Alliances -International Organizations -Sanctions -Corruption -Environment Technology -Innovation -Information Technology -Intellectual Property Geographic Regions Africa -North Africa -Sahel Americas -Central America and the Caribbean -North America -South America Europe -Central Asia -Eastern Europe -Germany -Nordic-Baltics -Russia -South Caucasus -Turkey -Ukraine -United Kingdom -Western Europe Indo-Pacific -Australia -China -Japan -North and South Korea -Southeast Asia -Taiwan Middle East -Iran -Israel -Saudi Arabia South Asia -Afghanistan -India -Pakistan Policy Centers American Maritime Security Initiative Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Center for Religious Freedom Center for the Economics of the Internet Center for the Future of Liberal Society Center on Europe and Eurasia China Center 中国中心 Current Trends in Islamist Ideology Forum for Intellectual Property Hamilton Commission on Securing America’s National Security Innovation Base Hudson Institute Political Studies Initiative on American Energy Security Japan Chair Kleptocracy Initiative NATO Summit 2025 Customize Your Inbox Podcasts Title What Really Matters Description What Really Matters is a podcast hosted by Distinguished Fellow Walter Russell Mead, who helps listeners understand the news and decide what news matters. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title School of War Description Senior Fellow Aaron MacLean discusses the origins, organization, and strategic outlook of China’s military. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title China Insider Description China Insider is a weekly podcast project from Hudson Institute’s China Center, hosted by China Center Director and Senior Fellow, Dr. Miles Yu, who provides weekly news that mainstream American outlets often miss, as well as in-depth commentary and analysis on the China challenge and the free world’s future. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title Hudson Events Podcast Description Listen to Hudson experts’ discussions with leading decision-makers wherever you get your podcasts. Listen or subscribe. Image What Really Matters School of War China Insider Hudson Events Podcast In the Hallways of Hudson CTA More about Hudson Founded in 1961 For over 60 years, Hudson Institute has been a trusted resource for decision makers and opinion leaders on both domestic and international issues. We carry on that tradition today with a focus on the key strategic issues impacting the future of American national security, defense, innovation, economic prosperity, and global order. Senator David McCormick (R-PA) sat down with Joel Scanlon to examine how the Nippon Steel deal advances US national security. South Korean Foreign Minister Cho Hyun visited Hudson to discuss US-ROK relations, shared strategic priorities, and paths for further cooperation. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted a delegation of Hudson experts and trustees in New Delhi. Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar joined Michael Doran for a discussion on US-Israel relations. President of Kosovo Dr. Vjosa Osmani Sadriu visited Hudson to highlight the importance of American leadership for peace and stability in Europe. Senator James Risch, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, joined Michael Doran to discuss the future of American foreign policy in the Middle East. Hudson hosted Polish President Karol Nawrocki during his candidacy to discuss the transatlantic alliance. Jason Hsu hosted Congressman Rob Wittman (R-VA), Dr. Anshu Roy, Taiwanese Legislator Richard YK Chen, and Joseph Saunders to explore the role of cyber resilience in the defense of Taiwan. Previous Slide Next Slide More about Hudson Responsible decision makers and researchers cannot afford the luxury of denying the existence of agonizing questions. The public, whose lives and freedom are at stake, expects them to face such questions squarely and, where necessary, the expert should expect little less of the public. Herman Kahn Social Media Footer Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Footer Topics Regions Policy Centers Research & Analysis Events Experts Contact Media Inquiries Newsletters Donate About Subscribe Security. Freedom. Prosperity. Social Media Footer Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube © 2025 Hudson Institute, Inc.