AI-driven, Human-centered | Hum top of page SOLUTIONS Alchemist Taxonomy Alchemist Insight Alchemist Engage Alchemist Search Alchemist Review RESOURCES Blog Case Studies Whitepapers Integrations Hum Help Center ABOUT Why Hum? Team Careers More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. REQUEST A DEMO Deep intelligence for modern publishers. If you publish content, Hum's Alchemist turns it into intelligence – no data-science team required. GET A DEMO MEET ALCHEMIST Create knowledge from content. Turn manuscripts, content, and reader behavior into insights that help you grow submissions, readership, and revenue. ​ Alchemist is powering real-time, AI-driven decision making for publishers. ​ Custom taxonomy and real-time tagging Next Behavioral intelligence on topics, content, and people powered by fresh first-party data Next Direct audience engagement that helps you orchestrate reader, author, and reviewer journeys in real time Next Search intelligence that delivers answers, not search results Next A manuscript intelligence co-pilot that helps your editors streamline peer-review cycles Next Home: Our Solutions THESE INDUSTRY LEADERS ARE ALREADY HUMMING To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key. Fueling the AI future of publishing We're not just changing how research publishers and B2B media organizations use data. ​ Hum is reimagining what's possible when human expertise meets artificial intelligence. Agentic workflows, unlocked AI agents that enhance and automate workflows, freeing up human time to drive science forward. Personalization without limits “Liquid” pages, conversational assistants, and adaptive journeys that personalize every touchpoint in real time. Future-proof AI that understands publishing Data + interpretive layers that deeply understand people, content, and topics - ready for tomorrow’s models. CASE STUDIES Don't just take our word for it. Research publishers and B2B media publishers are using AI + data to solve their biggest challenges. Being able to target readers based on proven topic interests has focused our marketing efforts and made it easier to reach the right researchers, at the right time, with the right message." Erin Ganley Director of Marketing Strategy & Partners Karger achieves strong ROI with AI-driven author marketing Read More Us Weekly turns celebrity content into ad revenue Read More OUP boosts author engagement with call for papers campaigns Read More See More Top Case Studies Anchor 3 Want to see Alchemist in action? Let us show you what AI + good data can do! Bottom newsetter form GET A DEMO COMPANY ​ ​ About Us Team Careers Legal ​ RESOURCES ​ ​ Case Studies Blog Events Whitepapers Hum Help Center ​ ​ TALK DATA TO ME Get the latest digital transformation resources delivered right to your inbox. SUBMIT bottom of page