Skip to main content
Utility Menu
About Us
Caring for Pets and Wildlife
Media Room
Global Menu
US/Global
Where We Work
What We Work On
Take Action
Get Informed
Donate Menu
DONATE
+

Animals need you

Turn compassion into action. Your kindness can go 3X as far for animals in need. 

Triple My Gift
Make the world a better place
Gifts for animal lovers

The perfect gift for the animal lover in your life is a gift donation to Humane World for Animals in their name. Make a donation on their behalf and spread comfort and joy to less fortunate animals this holiday season.

Gift Donation
Changing the world for animals

Humane World for Animals works to end animal cruelty and suffering in all its forms and fights to create lasting change. With your help, we can build a more humane world for animals. Get involved today. Every action matters.

Advocate

Your voice can make a difference for animals. Show your support for a cause that matters and help drive change.

Take action »

Volunteer

From calling legislators to cleaning cages, there are lots of ways to help animals!

Volunteer opportunities »

Learn

Expert tips and trusted resources on pet care, animal behavior, humanely managing wildlife, and animal advocacy.

Pet care tips »

A Humane World blog

A Humane World is the official blog of Humane World for Animals—a firsthand account of our ongoing efforts to protect animals, as told by our president and CEO, Kitty Block. 

Animal testing and research
2025 brought us closer to a world without animal testing and research
Montessa, a chimpanzee, spent 50 years in a barren laboratory, and for 30 of them, she endured harmful testing procedures. This year, however, her fortune changed. She, along with other chimpanzees
Puppy mills
Our top 10 wins for dogs against cruel puppy mills this year

Half a million puppies escaped a cruel start in life.

Wildlife protection
How the world became a better place for wild animals in 2025

This year, we achieved some incredible progress for wild animals and raised awareness of their plight, whether they are living in the wilderness, confined to a cage or found in unnatural or unusual

Read the Blog →
Give monthly, help save animals
Did you see us on TV?

Right now, countless animals across the world are suffering in cages, on the streets, and in testing labs. You can help put an end to this needless cruelty with your monthly gift of $19 or more today.

Start Your Monthly Gift
Latest stories

Be part of the movement to end animal cruelty. Your support is driving real change, and the stories in All Animals magazine prove it. See how people like you are rescuing, protecting, and speaking up for animals around the world — and find out how you can do even more.

Animal rescue and responseAccess to care for pets
After Typhoon Halong, communities continue the work to reunite pets and families

After Typhoon Halong devastated Western Alaska, communities and animal welfare advocates work together to reunite families and rebuild hope in the aftermath of disaster.

Access to care for petsDog and cat welfare
Animal shelters are in crisis

Animal shelters across the U.S. are at a breaking point. Learn why adoptions have dropped, how the pandemic played a role and how you can help save lives.

Animal testing and research
From pain to purpose: Why my research dogs show we must end Category E research

My beagles reveal the lifelong trauma caused by animal testing. This is why we must end Category E experiments once and for all.

Protecting equines
Meet Cinnamon, a thriving senior at Duchess Sanctuary

Meet Cinnamon, a thriving senior at Duchess Sanctuary. She was rescued from a grim fate and now runs free in safety.

Farmed animal welfareGoing fur-free
Crafting humanely: What you need to know about live lamb cutting

By making more humane choices when crafting and shopping, we can help end live lamb cutting, or mulesing, one of the cruelties of merino wool.

Farmed animal welfare
Homemade plant-based holiday treats from Elle Simone Scott

Chef Elle Simone Scott shares vegan stuffed date recipes and tips for creating plant-based edible gifts this holiday season.

Read more stories
Bold work, global mission

You've known us as The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International. Now, as we look to the future, we're uniting under a new name to better reflect who we are, the bold work we do and the global mission we share. For more than 70 years, Humane World for Animals has been a leader of the animal protection movement. Discover what we're doing to stop animal cruelty and suffering for good. 

About our new name
Start saving lives today

For a limited time, your gift can go three times as far to help animals in need thanks to a group of generous donors. Will you be a hero for animals who desperately need your help?

Donate – 3X
Footer menu
Careers and Internships
Contact Us
Donate
Global - Social Menu
Humane World for Animals
Global - Legal Menu
About Us
Building Community
Financials
Privacy Policy
Media Room

© 2025 Humane World for Animals is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions to Humane World for Animals are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. Humane World for Animals' tax identification number is 53-0225390.