Home - Humber Polytechnic Skip to content Home Builders of Brilliance Study at Humber Future Students Current Students International Professional Learners Find Your You Apply to Humber There's Still Time to Apply for January 2026 Applications are still open for select programs starting January 2026. Find your program and start your journey at Humber. Search January Programs A New Master of Computer Science Program Humber Polytechnic is offering Ontario's first applied Master of Computer Science – Cybersecurity Operations and Management degree, integrating advanced technical training and strategic leadership skills developed in collaboration with industry leaders. View Program A New Master of Engineering Program Our Master of Engineering in Advanced Manufacturing Engineering , developed with leading employers, focuses on real-world collaboration and applied learning. View Program Pause Full-Time Program Search Search Button View Programs By: Career Areas Domestic A-Z New & Trending Professional Learning PGWP-Eligible Real Estate Education Humber Bonus Offers Enter for a chance to WIN $5,000* Tuition Winter Start Prize Pack Contest Summer Start Apple Prize Pack Contest Find the Right Fit Not sure where to start? Let us help. Discover your future with ease. Our tailored resources will guide you in choosing the perfect program, ensuring you meet your goals and thrive at Humber. Program Advising Admissions Road Map International Students Events & Info Sessions Resources for Your Student Journey At Humber, your student experience is supported every step of the way. From managing tuition and financial aid to preparing for registration and accessing academic services, you will find the guidance and tools you need to succeed. Our teams are here to make sure you have the right resources at the right time throughout your studies. Student Fees & Financial Resources Every day is the right day to invest in yourself. The greatest pay off? Your future. Let us help you figure out the money part so you can focus on crushing it in class. Prepare for Registration The Office of the Registrar's step-by-step registration guides have the information you need, in an easily accessible, digital format, so you can stay focused on your studies. Academic Services While you attend your classes, the Office of the Registrar is ready to provide the services you need to achieve your educational goals. We're Here to Help We have a dedicated team ready to answer your questions no matter where you are at in your education journey. Find us on-campus, send us an email or give us a call to get started. Info For Humber Polytechnic offers tailored resources to support you at every stage. Whether beginning your studies, advancing your career, or engaging through research, work, or giving, our hubs connect you with the tools, services, and updates that matter most. Future Students Current Students International Students Indigenous Students Professional Learners (CPL) Employers Alumni & Donors Community Faculty & Staff Media Stay Connected Humber Today View All December 29, 2025 Stranded in the wilderness as part of a Humber education December 23, 2025 From dinghies to distinction: A look back at Humber’s sailing legacy December 22, 2025 Humber’s equestrian legacy: Riders, foals and fierce competition December 19, 2025 Minister of Energy and Natural Resources Tim Hodgson and Secretary of State (Labour) John Zerucelli visit Humber’s Barrett Centre for Technology Innovation Highlights Building Brilliance in Post-Secondary Education Humber’s new vision responds to Canada’s productivity crisis and a need to transform learning, Humber is defining a new future for the institution and building a new model of polytechnic education for Ontario, Canada and the world. Vision KPI results proof of Humber's polytechnic promise We’re proud to have the highest graduate employment rate of the GTA colleges at 83.6% and the highest employer satisfaction rate of the GTA colleges at 96.6%. * Why Choose a Polytechnic Media Release New Humber Polytechnic Campaign Unleashes Students' Inner You "The You You Knew Was In You" brand campaign empowers students to find their edge. Full Media Release The Campaign for Humber Help create an Unlimited future for Humber students. Donate Today You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.