Hunker: Inspired Home Design, Gardening Tips, and DIY Improvements Home Improvement Repair Remodel Appliances Home Security Home Improvement Hacks Design Decor Furniture Painting DIY Design Hacks Cleaning Organize & Storage Laundry Cleaning Hacks Garden Garden Tools & Supplies Fruit & Vegetable Garden Houseplants Flowers Garden Hacks Pests, Weeds & Problems Landscaping Lifestyle Entertaining Real Estate Experts Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Hunker: Inspired Home Design, Gardening Tips, and DIY Improvements Home Improvement Design Cleaning Garden Lifestyle Experts Features Newsletter Garden Hacks By Cayla Leonard 9 Genius Ways To Use Old Potting Soil Instead Of Tossing It Don't throw out that old potting soil just yet! We've compiled a list of wonderful uses for your aged loam that are so easy even beginners can try. Read More Kitchens By Amber VanWort So You Hate Your Backsplash? This 2026 Trend Will Transform Your Kitchen Home Improvement Hacks By Rob Johnstone Say Goodbye To Winter Chills With This Home Hack That's Practically Free Home Improvement Hacks By Erika Dale Don't Waste Your Money: The Best Type Of Firewood For A Long Burn Time & High Heat Cleaning Hacks By Rob Johnstone This Microfiber Hack Is Supposed To Make Hardwood Floors Shine. We Put It To The Test More Stories Home Improvement Hacks By Amber VanWort 10 hours ago Why People Put A Bowl Of Salt By Their Windows In The Winter When winter rolls around, many people like to decorate or prepare their homes for colder weather. Here's why you might see a bowl of salt near the windowsill. Read More Decor By Jillian Chapman 12 hours ago Traditional Drywall Is Officially Outdated - Here's The Stylish Trend Taking Over Though drywall is standard in a lot of new homes, it is getting bypassed for a different look that has more character. See what's trending now. Read More Cleaning By Emily Ray 14 hours ago New Study Warns: Stop Using Cleaning Products With This Ingredient Immediately Political gamesmanship has delayed a planned EPA ban from January to March of 2025, but you should immediately stop using these hazardous cleaning products. Read More Organization & Storage By Ryan Cashman 1 day ago Ditch Traditional Decluttering: A Better, Easier Way To Clean Up Your Home In 2026 Forget the usual decluttering routines — a fresh approach is gaining traction in 2026, making home organization simpler, empowering, and less stressful. Read More Decor By Rob Johnstone 1 day ago Skip Cheap Plastic Vertical Blinds: This Sliding Glass Door Covering Upgrades Any Space Plastic blinds on sliding glass doors, while common, can look tacky or cheap. Luckily, there's a window cover alternative that can help cozy up your house. Read More Floors & Ceilings By Jillian Chapman 1 day ago The Joanna Gaines-Approved Flooring Trend That's Making A Huge Comeback In 2026 A flooring trend once forgotten is making a major comeback, bringing warmth and character to homes in ways designers can’t stop talking about. Read More DIY By Adrian Suppes 1 day ago Turn A Dollar Tree Glass Vase Into Chic Storage That Doubles As Decor If you need to organize your bits and bobs but don't want to spend a fortune doing it, then this Dollar Tree DIY can have it all sorted out in a jiffy. Read More Garden Hacks By Cayla Leonard 1 day ago Don't Throw Out Banana Peels! Strangely, These Plants Flourish With Them Banana peels often end up in the garbage, but you can give them a second life in your garden or for your houseplants. Make sure to feed them to these plants. Read More Windows, Doors & Walls By Ryan Cashman 1 day ago Protect Your Garage: The Best Type Of Seal To Keep Pests, Drafts, And Water Out Your garage is meant to protect your car, tools, and any other items you keep in it. That's why its important to protect the garage itself with a proper seal. Read More Cleaning Hacks By Nicole Wisniewski 1 day ago One Of The Best Kitchen Cleaning Products At Costco? It's A Kirkland Classic Costco is renowned for its wide array of good deals, and many of them are on its everyday household products. Here is a Kirkland classic fit for any kitchen. Read More DIY By Kirsten Nunez 2 days ago The Cutest Kitchen Towel Folding Hack That'll Elevate Your Space In Seconds Instead of haphazardly tossing your dish towels on the oven door handle, here's how you can fold them to create a festive bow that's perfect for the holidays. Read More Windows, Doors & Walls By Ryan Cashman 2 days ago Forget Boring Walls: Joanna Gaines Has A Timeless Solution To Transform Any Room Your walls don't have to be so plain, and with this incredible tip from Joanna Gaines, they'll go from drab to the most beautiful part of your home. Read More Windows, Doors & Walls By Jessica Steinhoff 2 days ago Not Curtains Or Blinds: A Budget-Friendly Way To Add Privacy To Glass Front Doors This technique to add privacy to your glass front doors is surprisingly cost-effective, simple to achieve, and creates a visually appealing look. Read More DIY By Ryan Cashman 2 days ago Turn An Ordinary Thrift Store Find Into An Adorable Bird Feeder While thrifting, keep an eye out for these items, which come in a variety of shapes and sizes. They can be turned into sturdy bird feeders with rustic charm. Read More Fruit & Vegetable Garden By Ryan Cashman 2 days ago How To Prune A Lemon Tree For More Fruit — Plus The Very Best Time To Do It Instant access to fresh lemons opens your life up to endless cleaning and cooking hacks -- but your going to need to prune your tree to grow them. Read More Pests, Weeds & Problems By Ryan Cashman 2 days ago Keep Cockroaches From Making Your Home Their Winter Retreat With One Simple Fix The path to a roach-free home may not involve pesticides. Prevent cockroaches from entering with an easy home improvement fix that can prevent an infestation. Read More Home Improvement Hacks By Ryan Cashman 3 days ago Not Hardwood, Not Tile: Erin Napier Has A More Unique Idea For Your Kitchen Floors Ready for a remodel? Erin Napier ditches hardwood flooring in the kitchen and dining room with a unique alternative, creating an exclusive look for homeowners. Read More Cleaning Hacks By Madisen Swenson 3 days ago This Cheap Kitchen Ingredient Removes Soap Scum & Water Stains From Glass Shower Doors While this cupboard find smells divine, you have to practice a little caution when combining it with another kitchen staple to clean grime from your shower. Read More Fruit & Vegetable Garden By Jennifer Davis 3 days ago You Don't Need A Big Yard To Grow Juicy Strawberries. Here's How To Do It Indoors Limited outdoor space doesn't mean giving up fresh berries. With the right conditions and simple care, you can enjoy strawberry plants year-round in your home. Read More Decor By Rob Johnstone 3 days ago Forget Curtains - This Modern Window Treatment Will Transform Your Sliding Glass Doors Sliding glass doors let a lot of light in, and let a lot of privacy out. If you're looking for a way of covering up this wall of windows, consider this. Read More Windows, Doors & Walls By Nicole Wisniewski 3 days ago Stop Using Basic Shiplap: This Joanna Gaines-Approved Alternative Is More Unique A standard shiplap wall can create a cozy aesthetic, but why not add a stylish twist? Joanna and Chip Gaines did that with their choice of boards. Read More Bathrooms By Cayla Leonard 3 days ago The Neat Walk-In Shower Alternative That's Redefining Bathroom Design This sleek solution is transforming how designers approach bathrooms, offering a streamlined alternative to traditional tiled walk-in installations. Read More Cleaning Hacks By Adrian Suppes 4 days ago The Mop Water Hack That Leaves Your Floors Sparkling And Your Home Smelling Fresh Tired of the artificial scent that floor cleaners emit? Next time you mop, try mixing ingredients from your own home for a natural, fresh aroma. Read More Home Improvement Hacks By Jillian Chapman 4 days ago The Fastest Way To De-Ice Your Driveway During Freezing Winters When the weather outside is so frigid that your driveway starts freezing, you'll need a quick de-icing solution. The fastest way is also one of the simplest. Read More Home Improvement Hacks By Nicole Wisniewski 4 days ago Farewell To Stale Winter Air: The Simple German Practice That Keeps Indoor Air Fresh The air quality inside your home can become stale, especially during the colder months. The remedy is simple, though, and you won't need to spend a cent. Read More Houseplants By Ryan Cashman 4 days ago Your Spider Plants Will Thrive With The Help Of An Unexpected Kitchen Liquid Spider plants don't require much attention to survive, but if you want to see yours really thrive, then add this nutrient-rich liquid to the plant. Read More Cleaning Hacks By Nicole Wisniewski 5 days ago 10 Ways You Can Use Cream Of Tartar Around Your Home That Go Way Beyond Cooking A nifty chemical compound beloved by home cooks, cream of tartar might have even more uses around the rest of the home. Here's how it can make your life easier. Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® Hunker.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.