Welcome to The Huntington | The Huntington Skip to content Membership Donate Store OPEN TODAY: 10 A.M.–5 P.M. Tickets Homepage Where history, literature, art, and the natural world coalesce to provide transformative experiences. Previous slide Art Museum Botanical Gardens Education Library Research Next slide Art Museum A world-class collection featuring nearly 50,000 works from America, East Asia, and Europe that span nearly 2,000 years. Art Museum Art Museum Previous slide Next slide You’re invited Bilingual Tours: ‘the eight directions of the wind: Edmund de Waal at The Huntington’ Event Jan. 4, 2026 Second Sundays: Japanese New Year Event Jan. 11, 2026 Botanical Workshop: Rose Pruning Event Jan. 13, 2026 Previous slide Next slide View Calendar Explore Ten Milestones from a Year of Reinvention News In 2025, The Huntington expanded access, research, exhibition, and conservation initiatives—marking a transformative year across its library, art, and botanical collections. Spotlight on Three Southern California Artists News Upcoming exhibitions and installations will feature works by Southern California artists Aguilar, Dorame, and Rodriguez, offering unique perspectives on the American landscape. Huntington Unveils Second “Stories from the Library” News “Stories from the Library” showcases rare and unexpected works from The Huntington’s archives, featuring women writers’ daily lives and early educational materials. The Huntington Acquires Rare Civil War Painting News Addition of Winslow Homer’s “The Sutler’s Tent” (1863) deepens the institution’s interpretation of the Civil War era through art and historical materials. The Courage to Tell the Story News During “Why It Matters,” Ava DuVernay and President Karen R. Lawrence discussed storytelling, courage, and the power of the humanities to reveal a fuller, truer picture of the American experience. A Haven for the Humanities News Research Fellows reflect on the archives, art, and gardens that have shaped our world. Kim Stanley Robinson’s Archive Acquired News The archive and personal library of a leading science fiction author offer insight into his creative process and his engagement with climate, science, and society. The Huntington’s 2026 Exhibitions News Major artworks, never-before-exhibited archives, and a bold look at America define The Huntington’s 2026 exhibitions. The Huntington Joins Alliance Against Plant Poaching News Through international collaboration, education, and conservation programming, The Huntington and U.S. Botanic Garden raise awareness of wild plant trafficking and promote informed plant sourcing. Edmund de Waal Brings New Perspectives News New site-specific installations explore the movement of ideas, people, and objects across the Huntington Art Gallery, the Chinese Garden, and the Japanese Garden. New Landmark Works by Enrique Martínez Celaya Acquired News The gift of eight artworks spans 25 years of the artist’s career and includes paintings, sculpture, mixed media, drawing, and photography. Previous slide Next slide Gift a Rose Garden Tea Room Experience Treat someone special in your life to an unforgettable meal. Enjoy a selection of teas, house-made scones, and a variety of savory and sweet offerings. Gift vouchers available in person only in the Rose Garden Tea Room and 1919 Cafe. Tea Room menu and reservations Tea Room menu and reservations Join and Give Your support makes a difference Your support helps keep The Huntington’s mission of enrichment, education, and stewardship alive for generations to come. Donate Join Donate Join Subscribe to our e-newsletter About Accessibility Land Acknowledgment Using the Library Careers Host an Event Volunteer Press Contact Us Filming/Photography Opening Hours Daily: 10 A.M.–5 P.M. Closed on Tuesdays Admission Info and Tickets 1151 Oxford Road San Marino, CA 91108 Privacy Policy Social Media Guidelines and User Policy © 2025 The Huntington Visit What’s On Collections & Research Learn Join & Give About Dismiss Open search