Skip To Navigation
Skip To Main
Skip To Footer
FDIC-Insured—Backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government
About Huntington
Find a Branch or ATM
Customer Service
Personal
Bank
Borrow
Grow
Plan
Protect
Learn
Business
Open an account
Login
Video Player is loading.
WELCOME TO HUNTINGTON BANK

Huntington Bank is more than checking, more than savings, more than lending. It's people who understand where you're coming from, with the know-how to get you where you want to be.

Open an Account Online
Unlock competitive high-yield savings rates
Huntington Relationship Money Market

3.20%-3.82% APY with $25,000 minimum deposit.

Learn More
Huntington Relationship Savings

2.98%-3.55% APY with $5,000 minimum deposit.

Learn More
Care is crafted into everything we do
BANK
Checking, savings and credit cards
Learn More
BORROW
Home, auto and personal loans
Learn More
GROW
Investing and financial advising
Learn More
PLAN
Retirement planning and trusts
Learn More
PROTECT
Home, auto and life insurance
Learn More
HUNTINGTON BANK WELCOMES
Cadence Bank

We’re excited to bring expanded capabilities and award-winning digital tools to customers across Texas and the South, with the same relationship-first approach our legacies are built on, once the transaction closes.

See More
Veritex Bank has proudly joined Huntington Bank

We’re pleased to announce that Veritex Community Bank has joined Huntington Bank to serve Texas and beyond with expanded capabilities, greater scale, and a continued focus on relationship driven banking.

See More
Advice and guidance that helps you prosper
SAVING MONEY
Why automating finances may be your secret weapon

If you’re finding it hard to save, automated settings could be the key.

Read More
CHECKING BASICS
How to write a check

Whether it’s the first time, or the first time in a while, follow our step-by-step guide.

Read More
INVESTING AND RETIREMENT
Social Security 101

When you apply can affect your retirement plan by thousands of dollars.

Read More
PARTNERSHIP SPOTLIGHTS
Ron Clark Academy and Pelotonia

Huntington proudly supports bold educators and lifesaving research to help communities learn, grow, and thrive.

Inspiring Educators
Fueling Research
CAREERS
Be your very best at Huntington

Huntington is going places. Share the journey with us. Bring a can-do attitude, service heart, and forward-thinking perspective, and we’ll offer you more than a sense of community—we’ll give you one to make a difference in.

Search Jobs
Our Culture
CAREGIVER BANKING
Help safeguard your loved one’s finances

Huntington Caregiver Banking lets account owners share limited access to their accounts with people they trust, to help spot scams, manage spending, and make sure bills are paid on time. It’s an easy way to look out for a loved one while preserving their financial independence.

Learn More
POWERED BY PURPOSE
Service is the heart of Huntington’s culture

600 donations to community programs, totaling more than $10 million

28,500 colleague volunteer hours, supporting 1,100 organizations

$15 million invested in more than 300 environmental stewardship projects

Our Community Plan
Curated from the Prosper Newsletter
Tips for taking care of your financial circle

Prioritizing your financial well-being while supporting your loved ones is a balancing act. We’ll show you how to keep it simple.

Read More
How much should you save for emergencies, retirement and fun?

If you’re looking to level-up your savings strategy, we have savvy tips from one of our experts.

Read More
Planning for your next vacation

We collected vacation spending statistics and planning tips to help you make the most of your next getaway.

Read More
Explore More Prosper Articles
Quick Links
Open an account
Personal Banking
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Personal Credit Cards
Business Banking
Commercial Banking
Learn
Find a Branch or ATM
Support & Help
Contact Us
Customer Service
Fraud Alerts
Accessibility Support
Organization
Careers at Huntington
Investor Relations
About Us
Newsroom
The Huntington National Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and Member FDIC. Lending products are subject to credit application and approval.

Huntington, Huntington Bank, and the Huntington Brandmark are service marks of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated. © 2025 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated.
Privacy Policies
Security Center
Terms of Use
Email Updates
Site Map
Routing Numbers