Home | Heriot-Watt University Skip to main content Search Menu Together, we shape the future For over 200 years our impactful research and education has made a positive impact on the global stage. Browse our programmes Shaping Futures A Campaign for Global Impact Read more A breakthrough in safer, smarter surgery Engineers and biologists at Heriot-Watt have developed a cutting system that mimics natural processes, helping surgeons reduce tissue damage and improve outcomes. Read more Select study level Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Research Search Study with us Foundation programmes Undergraduate study Postgraduate study 86.8% of our research is ranked world-leading and internationally excellent. (Research Excellence Framework 2021) Connected for global impact Bringing together research disciplines, partners and citizens to solve complex global challenges, through our world-leading research and global research institutes. Research excellence that shapes the world Pioneering breakthroughs that drive social progress and strengthen economies worldwide. Where ideas become impact Turning research into real-world change through enterprise, partnerships and innovation. We're first in Scotland for employability and for producing the most graduates in CEO and Managing Director roles. (Novuna Business Cash Flow, 2025) Our campuses Our campuses in Edinburgh, Scottish Borders, Orkney, Dubai and Malaysia
offer bespoke facilities and a distinctive learning environment. Edinburgh Set in 380 acres of beautiful parkland, opt to study at our Edinburgh Campus and you’ll find a wide variety of programmes and specialist facilities designed to help you reach your full potential. Orkney Heriot-Watt Orkney is one of the UK’s most stunning and unique university locations. Set in the picturesque harbour of Hamnavoe and Scapa Flow, for over 25 years the campus has supported a broad range of research, teaching and consultancy activities. Scottish Borders A countryside location, perfectly situated at the pulsating heart of Scotland’s luxury textile industry, Heriot-Watt Scottish Borders campus delivers the best design and production facilities for textiles and fashion in the UK. Dubai Heriot-Watt University Dubai offers an extensive range of research-informed degree programmes in a global study environment, with strong links to business and industry. Malaysia Heriot-Watt Malaysia University offers high quality British education with a range of courses and global study opportunities at our modern campus in Putrajaya. Heriot-Watt Online Heriot-Watt University offers a unique online learning experience that enables you to study flexibly online. Our programmes are designed for you to study at your own pace, providing flexibility around you and your lifestyle and commitments. Personalised virtual tour Immerse yourself in the facilities and teaching spaces at our Edinburgh, Scottish Borders and Orkney Campuses Start your tour Our Sports Our Edinburgh campus is home to Oriam, Scotland’s National Sports Performance Centre, with discount memberships available. Discover sports programmes at both Undergraduate and Postgraduate level. Sport at Heriot-Watt Shaping the future of Sustainability We use our global reach and innovation in teaching, research and enterprise to make a significant impact towards becoming more sustainable as an institution and global community. Sustainability progress Edinburgh Business School Edinburgh Business School is a mission-led, global hub of business knowledge and research. Study with EBS Heriot-Watt graduates are of an incredibly high calibre. They are committed to self-development, display a strong academic ability and a positive attitude. I’ve witnessed them approach our application process with passion and confidence, which has been key to their success. Why Heriot -Watt? One of the most progressive and international institutions based in Scotland, you will have the opportunity to thrive, both personally and academically during your time with us. Our research impact Our rankings Your career #HeriotWattUni Share your experiences of life at Heriot-Watt @instagram #HeriotWattUni @facebook  #HeriotWattUni @tiktok  #HeriotWattUni @bluesky #HeriotWattUni © Heriot-Watt University Scottish registered charity number
SC000278 Edinburgh, Scotland
UK EH14 4AS
+44 131 449 5111 Find contact details, maps and directions for : Edinburgh Scottish Borders Orkney Dubai Malaysia Online Popular links Jobs Give Shop Canvas Academic calendar Library 学习什么课程? Information links Complaints procedure FoI Privacy Accessibility Cookies System status