EN
Solutions 
Platform 
Semantica 360°
About 
All Hybrid 
Full-stack programmatic advertising ecosystem

Flexible solutions for agencies and brands

WORK WITH US
Who are we?

Set of programmatic tools for any advertising objectives

Our holistic stack is designed to effectively address all the challenges which may have agencies and brands that employ programmatic advertising.

Each of our versatile tools&services can be seamlessly integrated with the others — all backed by a machine learning approach and other top-notch technologies to drive maximum results.

Go to cases

10+

years of expertise

500+

professionals

12

countries

5 000+

clients

Hybrid Platform

One platform – endless opportunities

PLAN, LAUNCH, ANALYZE, REPORT

Hybrid Insights

Plan your campaigns in advance and get a complete understanding of the market.

Hybrid Console

Launch and manage campaigns in real time.

Hybrid Reports

Analyse them and share the results in a snap.

REDUCE COSTS.
DRIVE MAXIMUM RESULTS.

Hybrid Platform

Is a solid foundation to set up your own programmatic department. Take programmatic in-house with our adaptable and customisable toolkit. We can design it according to your brandbook.

AI-powered. Human guided.

We harness data and machine learning to deliver intelligent and customised campaigns.

Dynamic Creative Optimization

DCO algorithm generates real-time ads personalized for every individual. Our AI identifies which creative works best for each group of users and displays the most relevant and engaging ad to drive maximum results.

SmartBid

AI predicts users’ behavior and bids the right price for ad inventory to reach audiences most likely to convert, leading your campaign to the desired KPI and saving your money. Maximise campaign performance by CPM, CPC, CPV or CPI.

Antifraud

We apply fraud detection algorithms and integrations with top industry verification services to provide valid traffic and protect your budgets. We can scan all the traffic by specific filters and review contextual placements and keywords to ensure your ads appear in the right environment.

TV-sync

Сombine the storytelling power of traditional television with the targeting and reporting of programmatic. TV ads trigger digital ads based on what ad a user see on TV in real time.

Weather

Show different banners depending on weather conditions, air pollution and other criteria. Increase your sales, clicks and engagement rates lowering CPA. It’s a surefire strategy for businesses whose sales are directly impacted by the weather.

Places

We use GPS coordinates transmitted in a bid request to segment audiences by their location (regulars of different places, like cafes and clothing stores). Reach your potential customers either within a set radius or at specific places.

DMP

Сollect data from any source, create custom or look-alike audiences, and use ready-made audiences provided by partners. AI builds new segments, as well as enriches and customises existing ones, based on user data.

Creative Studio

Your ideas. Our experience. Impressive results.

Fulfil your any idea in one of our effective Rich-media formats to drive better results. Have a look at our gallery, because examples speak louder than words.

The talent to move towards goals and the talent to be stylish: meet the updated Audi A4 and Audi A5
Take a look at our other projects

We actively develop our projects in various fields to be always relevant

In-house programmatic solution for mobile app developers.
More

AI-vision platform, spearheading innovative in-visual advertising formats.
More

Online collaborative platform for creative management, storage, and sharing.

Create engaging Social AR effects & immersive Metaverse spaces
More