Skip to content
Community
Contact us
English
Search
PLATFORM
SOLUTIONS
CUSTOMERS
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
COMPANY
Request a demo
UNLOCK THE POWER OF YOUR CONTENT

Connect your enterprise content with our AI-enabled solutions — deliver insights, automate processes and fuel innovation to drive meaningful impact for your business.


INTRODUCING HYLAND CONTENT INNOVATION CLOUD™
The platform to power content innovation

Content Innovation Cloud harnesses the power of AI and enables organizations to unlock the full value of their content, processes and applications.

CONTENT INNOVATION CLOUD
Realize the full potential of your unstructured data
Explore the capabilities of Content Innovation Cloud

Harness the power of a unified content, process and application intelligence platform to realize the full potential of your unstructured data. 

Content intelligence

Leverage AI to unlock the full potential of enterprise content and transform the way you work.

Content capture and processing

Automate the intake of information into business systems and kick-off processes with accurate, up-to-date data.

Process automation

Embrace a system that efficiently automates processes by helping teams work faster with the best information.

Content management

Organize and optimize all content and assets across the entire organization.

Governance 

Secure enterprise content and improve processes that simplify compliance and risk mitigation.

Application development

Take Hyland solutions further with simplified app building and the ability to rapidly customize solutions.

Systems integration

Easily connect your business applications and systems to relevant content.

Collaboration

Drive efficiency gains and improve data security with enterprise-grade collaboration features.


Content-tailored cloud architecture

Manage your content in the cloud for maximum scalability, security, compliance and data accuracy. 

Transformative innovation from anyone, anywhere

When enterprise content is the engine of change, there is truly no limit to where you can go.

Why Hyland?

More than half of the Fortune 100 use Hyland solutions to maximize their content value and processes. Join those leaders and more in today’s era of intelligent content management.

Drive content intelligence

Smart, connected content delivered with native automation leads to better decision-making throughout the entire content lifecycle.

Stay agile

Empower your people to meet evolving expectations with Hyland’s future-adaptive, cloud-enabled technology.

Integrate across the enterprise

Our configurable, connectable and scalable solutions enable automation and help you optimize business systems and process workflows.

Work with an industry leader

Hyland is a recognized leader in content management, relying on a culture of innovation, longstanding partnerships and a deep understanding of our customers' industries.

Your industry, our experts

Only Hyland has the deep vertical expertise to build partnerships based on real-world understanding of your industry.

Healthcare
Financial services
Insurance
Government
Education
Media & entertainment
CPG & retail
Other industries
Healthcare solutions
Payers

Unite all the content you need from the core systems you use every day. Automate workflows, eliminate information silos and improve the member experience.

Clinical care

Give providers and patients a complete view of all relevant content by streamlining patient records, patient consent, enterprise imaging and patient portals.

Enterprise and diagnostic medical imaging

Frictionless system integrations, advanced AI and machine learning help modernize your imaging strategy and drive better, faster decision-making.

Back-office solutions

Reduce costs and enhance efficiency of critical behind-the-scenes teams by optimizing administration, information management, collaboration and security.

Explore solutions for healthcare
Forrester study: The Rise of Content Intelligence — A New Era of Innovation in ECM

Organizations store content across an average of 21 systems — why? Explore Forrester’s insights on how AI will shape the future of ECM.

Read the Forrester study
10 insights into the future of intelligent automation
Preview the trends
Replace your legacy ECM with Hyland
Learn about modernizing
Newsroom

NEWS
Hyland named a Leader in IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Intelligent Document Processing Software 2025-2026 Vendor Assessment

As a strategic partner to global enterprises, Hyland delivers industry-leading agentic automation for document processing, unlocking business insights and measurable outcomes at scale

NEWS
Hyland appoints Eric Snow as Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications

Hyland strengthens its brand and communications leadership with a seasoned executive as the company grows into its next billion dollars in revenue

NEWS
Hyland unveils powerful cloud and AI innovations that streamline content and agentic automation across industries

New innovations across the Content Innovation Cloud deliver seamless integrations, enhanced agentic automation, and smarter content management to help organizations work faster and smarter

NEWS
Hyland showcases enterprise imaging innovation at RSNA 2025: Empowering personalized, connected care

From radiology and cardiology to digital pathology and multi-specialty imaging, Hyland enables a single, secure, and interoperable imaging record that enhances clinical decision-making

All Hyland news
Empower your people to deliver their best with Hyland
Connect with an expert

Be more informed, empowered and connected through every interaction and in every relationship with everyone you serve.

Contact us

WHY HYLAND

Case Studies
Analyst Reports
Insights
Integrations

DISCOVER & LEARN

Resource Center
Terminology
Downloads
Product Updates
All Pages

HYLAND SERVICES

Implementation
Managed
Consulting
Data Conversion
Document Imaging

ABOUT HYLAND

Careers
About
Partners
Corporate Responsibility
Newsroom

CONNECT

Community
Events
Training
Documentation
Tech Support

Start your shift to a new era of content innovation.

Get monthly insights

FOLLOW US

 

©2025 Hyland. All rights reserved.

Hyland, the H design, and Hyland product names are registered and/or unregistered trademarks of Hyland and its affiliates in the United States and other countries.

Privacy
Cookie Policy
Manage Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Security and Compliance
Legal and Compliance
Hyland uses cookies to enable your use of our site, analyze site usage, personalize content, and assist in our marketing efforts.View Cookie Policy.
Manage Cookies