Home | Hypersecu Information Systems Inc top of page Products HyperFIDO HyperPKI HyperOTP PDF Signer Contact Support Guides Downloads FAQ India Support About More... Use tab to navigate through the menu items. ENSURE TRUST IN THE DIGITAL WORLD A leading Canadian MFA solution provider since 2009 Zero-footprint cross-platform MFA hard tokens Smart card technology for PKI applications Passwordless security keys Cost-effective options for both individual and business users Built in Canada to support your trade compliance requirements SOLVE THE PASSWORD PROBLEM Passwords are easily broken and unsafe. They're often reused for multiple accounts, making them easily phished and captured by real-time attacks to hack more than just one account. Of course, creating long and complex passwords for all of your accounts can make it a headache to remember. Multi-factor authentication can solve the password problem. Reduce reliance on static passwords and do away with memorizing long password strings. Easy-to-use high-end security for all levels of users and businesses. Compatible with many popular services, such as Gmail, Facebook, X (Twitter), Dropbox, and more. FEATURED THE HIGHEST STANDARD OF SECURITY FITS ON YOUR KEYCHAIN Mobile devices can be an attractive option for multi-factor authentication due to their convenience—but lack the high security of a physical token, running the risk of being hacked or being accessed without your knowledge. At Hypersecu, our hard token products are both secure and convenient. We adhere to the highest standards of security trusted by governments, businesses, and individuals across the globe. Designed to combat common attacks, such as phishing scams and man-in-the-middle attacks in real-time, they have the added benefit of being affordable without compromise.  Plus, bring your Hypersecu tokens with you anywhere on your keychain or in your wallet, for peace of mind wherever you go. SECURE ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS WITH THE TOUCH OF A BUTTON Our HyperFIDO's seamless integration with a wide range of online services makes these security keys the ideal choice for securing your emails, files, and sensitive information, whether you're a business, student, or working professional. In addition, you can use HyperFIDO's WebAuthn capabilities to replace passwords on supported platforms. Learn More DIGITALLY SIGN, SECURE, AND VERIFY YOUR DATA HyperPKI lets you enjoy bank-level security, as well as PKI-based data encryption and digital signature technologies used by governments worldwide, all in one affordable and portable package. Digitally sign files and documents securely and confidentially, plus protect sensitive information, such as electronically filed tax returns and online banking transactions. Learn More VERIFY YOUR IDENTITY SAFELY AND WITH EASE One-time passwords are one of the most traditional and reliable methods of multi-factor authentication for identity verification. Our sleek and portable design coupled with both industry-leading security and affordability makes HyperOTP perfect for situations where access to USB ports is limited or impossible. Learn More INDUSTRY-LEADING SECURITY AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE At Hypersecu, we take pride in offering industry-leading solutions at cost-effective prices with zero security and quality compromises. Our solutions are designed for enterprises and corporations, small businesses and organizations, and individuals alike. Learn More GET IN TOUCH Hypersecu Information Systems inc 200-6191 Westminster Hwy Richmond, BC V7C 4V4, Canada +1 (604) 279-2000 India Support IST/GMT+5:30 Mon-Fri: 9 AM - 5 PM (Except public holidays) Contact India Support General Support PST/GMT -8:00 Mon-Fri: 9 AM - 5 PM (Except public holidays) Contact Us LINKS Home Products Contact Support About Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions CONTACT Phone: +1 (604) 279-2000 Email: info@hypersecu.com SOCIAL © 2020 – present. Hypersecu Information Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved. bottom of page