Hypeddit | Music Promotion Services and Download Gates We use cookies for various purposes including analytics. By using our site and services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in the Privacy Policy -or- adjust any cookie settings here Top 100 Charts New Releases Spotify Playlists How It Works Resources Sounds and Samples Hot or Not? Music Promotion Secrets Pricing Blog Login Try for free Try for free Top 100 Charts New Releases Spotify Playlists How It Works Resources Sounds and Samples Hot or Not? Music Promotion Secrets Pricing Blog Support Login Music Promotion Services Launch highly effective music campaigns, instantly All The Music Promotion Tools You Need To Reach New Audiences In Just 5 Minutes With Al-Powered Music Ads, Smart Links, Download Gates, And More! Try for free 100,000+ Happy Artists & Bands As featured in Grow your audience Expand your fanbase across major platforms with targeted promotions. Spotlight Your Music Elevate your tracks to the top with Hypeddit's charts and new releases. Engage with Fans Exchange likes and follows with engaging, interactive music sharing. Try for free Join a growing community of 100,000+ artists who are connecting with fans worldwide. What you get AI-powered music ads Easy mode for Spotify, YouTube, and TikTok promotion. Run AI-powered music ads to get more listeners, streams, views, fans, followers, and subscribers — with real people, not bots, and non-stop growth that doesn’t depend on playlists. Download gates Share downloads of your music in return for likes, reposts, comments and followers on SoundCloud, Spotify, Instagram, Apple Music, Messenger, Deezer, Youtube, Facebook, Twitter and more. Smart links Give your fans one-click access to your music on Spotify, Apple Music, SoundCloud, Amazon, Deezer, Pandora, Beatport and any other music store or platform that features your music. Then capture stats to learn more about your fans. Pre-saves Let your fans pre-save your upcoming releases on Spotify, Apple Music, or Deezer. Automatically grow fans and followers with each pre-save. Collect fan email addresses and let fans add your music to their favorite playlist with one click. Lifetime Fans Automatically save all your future releases to fans’ Spotify libraries, increasing your listeners, streams, and overall visibility on Spotify. Hypeddit automatically notifies your fans about your new releases via email, driving more listeners and streams, and boosting your music’s exposure. Fan promotion Get your music discovered by thousands of fans: Put your music in the Spotlight on top of Hypeddit’s Top 100 Charts and New Releases. Promotion exchange Trade free promotion of your download gates with other artists. Support the music of fellow artists, and get support for your music in return. Link gates Share secret links in return for likes, reposts, comments and followers. This works great to get new fans with contests, private streams, coupons or other secret links. Try for free Join thousands of successful artists Dante R. Just hit 1 milli total streams. Would like to thank John Gold for all his free knowledge and the Hypeddit platform! Andreas K. It's kinda exploding now... wtf Austin D. My new single is up to 61% engagement rate on Hypeddit and has amassed close to 20k streams in 2 weeks! Bloom’s T. The first time I launched my EP it had about 100 plays in a whole year - mainly friends and the few fans I had acquired playing live. I relaunched it on 4th May. This is less than a month later: 1,403 streams for this release - so I can't deny that Facebook ads and Hypeddit work. Alex E. Massive thanks for Hypeddit . We've got 55k followers on HMWL on SoundCloud partly thanks to you. Dan A. It's pretty obvious when I started. Once my next project drops, I know I'll be able to setup the ads the way I want and kill it. Thank you! Kanola D. My Al Hypeddit campaigns go much better than if I do it manually. Andrew G. Just to say to those struggling to get this to work... stick it out. It's worth it. Probably the most cost effective way to get results like we have had in the last month. Carlo Y. Today, we got our first 1000 followers! Damn! This is awesome! Sander D. Definitely happy with the results so far and hope the numbers will keep on growing. Thinking about promoting a playlist with us in it in the next couple of weeks also. Clinton K. It works! Feb 4th is when i started pushing Ads and the increase in followers is apparent. Boudewijn J. We got invited for an interview. Thanks to running the ads through Hypeddit ! Thank you for the great advice! Hydro F. Holly f this really working for real, only 4 days in. Appreciate it. Doug L. I wish I hadn't cut off the dates at the bottom. See that low flat area? That's where my Spotify has been living for a few months. That quick rise? That's when I made a minor tweak to my target audience. From 4-5 streams on a good day to averaging 950 daily streams in two weeks. It works. Ello X. Over the past year, and thanks to Hypeddit , l've managed to rack up a couple million streams on my tunes and start building a respectable fanbase. Ernesto T. Happy of having this result! Thanks for sharing your knowledge and expertise. #hypeddit Fred A. After only 1 month we are now on • Discover Weekly • Release Radar • Spotify Radio • On Repeat The numbers are not huge yet, but it is a great win and I expect them to grow. Did not expect this to happen so fast. It does really work. Joe L. Latest song hit the release radar and got 1k streams in a day for the first time 🤟🏼 this definitely works. Hashim S. Extremely early days but this stuff really works! Here's my first day of streams on Spotify after advertising. Cipher I've seen a significant uptick in followers since starting less than a week ago. Graham M. The download gate / smart link Spotify push seems to be working so far! Just waiting for Discover Weekly to kick in now 😃 Joanna R. This is very cool! First campaign going great, #4 on the Hypeddit Soul Charts, Spotify followers are increasing each day - thanks! Joee G. I've been running ads for the last 2 days… 🙌🏽🙏🏽🙌🏽🙏🏽🙌🏽🙏🏽 Morrill M. Hypeddit has changed my life. I’ve released music for 10 years with no success. Once i started paying for ads and promoting through Hypeddit my SoundCloud has skyrocketed 999% (not a paid ad lol) Kloves Success over the last 3 weeks. This is by no means crazy numbers but it is for me. My music is super niche so the results are great for me. I started with just over 200 monthly listeners and maaayybeeee around 200-300 streams. Ads work. Thomas F. About to hit 1 millions streams - I can honestly say I wouldn't be here without John Gold from Hypeddit Manuel L. I started on Nov 19. My Spotify artist profile was literally at zero. Nic R. My streams have been bumping up significantly on my most recent release. Pretty stoked so far, clearly a lot of streams coming from people listening multiple times! Phil D. I invested $108 and became Hypeddit #1 in the Progressive House Charts and #21 in the Main Charts. I gained 300 followers on SoundCloud, more than 150 on Insta/Fb, more than 200 followers on my Spotify playlist. Definitely a powerful tool. For me it was worth the investment, cause I can apply it to a lot of my future releases! Liam N. Thank you for your Spotify growth program! I bought it just before my album release and my results are insane! People are commenting and even sharing my smart link campaign! My audience has grown massively. Stephen G. Just when I think it's going well...it goes even better! Amazing results this month!!!! Stefano U. For the first time I reached (passed actually) 1k streams in a day. Since I started this, every day around this time, I get a good news - Spotify for Artist update! Jean Paul Z. 74,000. I have been using Hypeddit for exactly 2 months and just wanted to report on my results. Total number of streams 74,000. My playlist has now 10,100 followers. I am seeing Release Radar and Discover Weekly plays now and the potential to catch on the Spotify algorithm is much higher now. So I am very happy with the results. Thanks a lot! Sylvain M. 2 boost streams for my last quintet from the release radar! The ads strategy work well ! Sophie B. Just like to take a moment here to thank Hypeddit - I can't think of a cleverer way to support each other to continue our music. Thank you. Cordelia Hagmann #WIN I want to encourage everyone to go for the Fan Booster Campaign!
                              There you get it all: subscribers, likes and comments: I've gained 300+ subscribers in 4 weeks and I am calculating that in July I will pass the 1000 subscribers mark for my channel 🙌 Paige B. ARTISTS - I've actually gotten incredible results using Hypeddit . No this is not a sponsored ad. I would just highly recommend it for promoting your song and many more... Try for free Frequently Asked Questions How does Hypeddit work? Hypeddit makes music promotion easy. Built for independent artists with busy lives, Hypeddit helps you promote your music by automating the hard stuff-like running ads, content, and fans tracking. Just upload your song, pick your goal, and our tools do the rest to get you more listeners, streams, and fans. How much does it cost? Hypeddit has affordable paid plans starting at $10/month. You can choose monthly or yearly options, depending on what works best for you. Every plan gives you access to powerful tools to grow your music-without needing a big budget. How long does music promotion take? You can start seeing early results the same day you launch your campaign. Big results usually come over time. The longer you run your campaign, the more budget you invest, and the stronger your song is, the more growth you’ll likely see. Every artist can go at their own pace. Can independent artists use this platform? Yes! Hypeddit is made for independent artists, producers, and bands of all kinds. No label, manager, or tech skills needed. If you want more fans and more people to hear your music, you’re in the right place. Try for free About How it works Music Promotion blog Pricing Legal Terms and conditions Privacy policy DMCA policy Affiliate agreement Cookie Settings Do not sell or share my personal information Help FAQs Contact © 2025 Hypeddit. All rights reserved. CHECKOUT VIP CHECKOUT ADD 2 MORE YEARS Annual PRO Membership ( Change ) Due today $0 Coupon Discount - US Taxes + US Total US Taxes + US Total US Annual VIP PRO Membership US Taxes + US Total US Taxes + US Total US Payment US$ Fee US$ Taxes + US Total US Taxes + US Total US Pay by Card PayPal Apple Pay Pay by Card PayPal Apple Pay Pay by Card PayPal Apple Pay Credit card - no prepaid cards First name Last name Country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Postal/ZIP code Coupon code Coupon Code Not Found. Start free 7 day trial Start free 7 day trial Start free 7 Day trial Start free 7 Day trial Safe and secure payment Cancel anytime PROMOTE YOUR MUSIC LIKE A STAR/VIP! × Want to auto-promote your music and put your tracks in front of thousands of music fans - automatically? Want to create unlimited fan gates, link
                              unlimited social profiles to your fan gates - have just everything unlimited? Unlock now and become a STAR or VIP member! OOPS! ALL STAR/VIP MEMBERSHIPS ARE CURRENTLY TAKEN. PLEASE CHECK BACK SOON. OOPS! YOU MUST HAVE AT LEAST ONE SOUNDCLOUD OR YOUTUBE FAN GATE FOR OUR AUTO-PROMO FEATURE. JUST CREATE A SOUNDCLOUD OR YOUTUBE FAN GATE AND TRY AGAIN. OOPS! WE COULD NOT PROCESS YOUR PAYMENT. PLEASE TRY AGAIN OR CONTACT OUR SUPPORT TEAM FOR HELP. MONTHLY ANNUAL GET 1 MONTH OFF! Auto-promote 1 of your
                                          tracks and get discovered
                                          by over 1,000 real fans
                                          every month Create unlimited fan gates Connect unlimited social networks to grow more fans $ 49 per month $ 490 per year Auto-promote 5 of your
                                          tracks and get discovered
                                          by over 5,000 real fans
                                          every month Create unlimited fan gates Connect unlimited social networks to grow more fans $ 189 per month $ 1,890 per year × Loading... Add future songs by to my Spotify library Get email updates about ’s new music and more CONNECT Having trouble with Spotify login? Click here Cookie Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze how you use this website, store your preferences, and provide the content that are relevant to you. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of these cookies but disabling some of them may affect your browsing experience. Please review our Hypeddit Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions anytime for more detailed information. Necessary Always Active : Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of our site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. ACCEPT ALL SAVE MY PREFERENCES REJECT ALL Opt-out Preferences Hypeddit uses third-party cookies that help us analyze how you use this website, store your preferences, and provide the content and advertisements that are relevant to you. However, you can opt out of these cookies by checking "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and clicking the "Save My Preferences" button. Once you opt out, you can opt in again at any time by unchecking "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and clicking the "Save My Preferences" button. Please review our Hypeddit Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions anytime for more detailed information. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information SAVE MY PREFERENCES CANCEL