The Best Ad Tracking & Attribution Software - Hyros Ad Tracking Ad Tracking AI Remarketing AI Remarketing Pricing Pricing Results Results Agency Agency Login Sign up Boost sales with the #1 ad tracking and AI remarketing agent Boost revenue with the #1 AI tracking & remarketing agent Hyros provides the highest level of tracking and attribution. Then it uses this data to create personalized, human-quality direct marketing. Hyros provides the highest level of tracking and attribution. Then it uses this data to create personalized, human-quality direct marketing. Hyros provides the highest level of tracking and attribution. Then it uses this data to create personalized, human-quality direct marketing. Ad Tracking The most accurate ad tracking and revenue attribution system on earth Learn more On average increases AD ROI by 15%+ Hyros AIR The AI agent that turns every visit into a 1-to-1 custom sales experience Learn more On average increases revenue 3-7% The bleeding edge of tracking the data behind your sales and converting it to AI marketing that grows your business “The key to marketing in a post-AI world is the data that fuels the AI. Hyros is unique because it provides the best data on earth and combines it seamlessly with the cutting edge of AI marketing capabilities” Alex Becker Founder and CEO In just 6 months, Hyros allowed us to scale our ad spend by 43% for Business Mastery and over 100% for Unleash The Power Within. Tony Robbins Ad Team tonyrobbins.com HYROS revolutionized our decision-making process by providing real-time data on Google ads. Playboy team American men's lifestyle magazine You have transparency in all ad tracking, the people that are attracted to HYROS, are psycho's (about numbers / tracking growth) like me Alex Hormozi acquisition.com Before Hyros it wasn't easy to track exactly where our best customers were coming from. Now we easily see which ads to scale and which ones to stop. Our investment in Hyros has paid for itself many times over. Jay Shetty Ad Team Certification school, marketing team You have transparency in all ad tracking, the people that are attracted to HYROS, are psychos (about numbers / tracking growth) like me. Alex Hormozi acquisition.com Hyros has had a massive impact when tracking and optimizing ads for peak revenue. Crunching the data of our 100k+ active education businesses almost all of the ones doing >7-figures per month in revenue swear by Hyros. Not using it is leaving tons of growth, scale, and revenue on the table. Whop whop.com HYROS revolutionized our decision making process by providing real time data on Google ads Playboy team American men's lifestyle magazine Hyros provides the most accurate sales, revenue and conversion attribution with a unique combo of our patented print tracking and AI Hyros tracking Cutting edge tracking and AI attribution for your advertising Optimize Optimize HYROS feeds superior attribution data to your ad platform AIs for better targeting Attribute Attribute Industry Industry Ease Of Use Ease Of Use Forecast Forecast Learn more * On average brands see at least a 15% increase in ad revenue by applying Hyros tracking Hyros provides the most accurate sales, revenue and conversion attribution with a unique combo of our patented print tracking and AI Hyros tracking Cutting edge tracking and AI attribution for your advertising Optimize HYROS feed superior attribution data to your ad platform AIs for better targeting Attribute HYROS tracks a customer and all their transactions for years back to the initial source. Industry HYROS track all the metrics important to specific business models such as SaaS or Ecom Ease Of Use HYROS places all our attribution in YOUR ad manager to fit your native work flow Forecast HYROS reads all your new and past data to forecast your return on ads months and years in advance. Learn more * On average brands at least a 15% increase in ad revenue by applying Hyros tracking Hyros combines this data with our AIR AI agent system to deliver hyper-personalized marketing to every visitor and customer. Hyros AIR agent Passively turn your data into a new income stream via agent remarketing Recognize Recognize AIR recognizes visitors using your existing data and obtains their contact info Learn Learn Reach out Reach out Interact Interact Learn more * On average brands see 3-7% more sales when they add AIR Hyros AIR agent Passively turn your data into a new income stream via agent remarketing Recognize AIR recognizes visitors using your existing data and obtains their contact info Learn AIR sees what they are most interested in your website and then learns about who they are. Reach out AIR sees what they are most interested in your website and then learns about who they are. Interact AIR recognizes visitors using your existing data and obtains their contact info Learn more * On average brands see 3-7% more sales when they add AIR When you use Hyros When you use Hyros You make more. Period. You make more. Period. We are bottom line results focused and it shows The age of data driven AI marketing is here See tracking See AIR AI Legendary tracking and AI optimization for Ads GET IT ON Download on the App Store Product AI Tracking AI Remarketing Results Agency Updates About us Company Pricing Careers Legal Terms of service Privacy Cookies Cookie Settings Trust center Support Documentation Community Hub API Contact Support Affiliate program © 2025 Hyros INC. All rights reserved. Facebook Community X LinkedIn Legendary tracking and AI optimization for Ads GET IT ON Download on the App Store Product AI Tracking AI Remarketing Results Agency Updates About us Company Pricing Careers Legal Terms of service Privacy Cookies Cookie Settings Trust center Support Documentation Community Hub API Contact Support Affiliate program © 2025 Hyros INC. All rights reserved. Facebook Community X LinkedIn Legendary tracking and AI optimization for Ads GET IT ON Download on the App Store Product AI Tracking AI Remarketing Results Agency Updates About us Company Pricing Careers Legal Terms of service Privacy Cookies Cookie Settings Trust center Support Documentation Community Hub API Contact Support Affiliate program © 2025 Hyros INC. All rights reserved. Facebook Community X LinkedIn Legendary tracking and AI optimization for Ads GET IT ON Download on the App Store Product AI Tracking AI Remarketing Results Agency Updates About us Company Pricing Careers Legal Terms of service Privacy Cookies Cookie Settings Trust center Support Documentation Community Hub API Contact Support Affiliate program © 2025 Hyros INC. All rights reserved. Facebook Community X LinkedIn