HYVOR HYVOR Products Resources Enterprise Log In Welcome to HYVOR® We craft privacy-first, user-friendly tools for websites. Our products are used by millions worldwide from small blogs to large enterprises. Hyvor Talk Commenting platform talk.hyvor.com → Hyvor Blogs Blogging platform blogs.hyvor.com → Hyvor Post Newsletter platform post.hyvor.com → Hyvor Relay Email API for Developers relay.hyvor.com → HYVOR for Enterprise Need an enterprise solution with self-hosting, SAML, and more? View Enterprise Offer Join our Community HYVOR Community is the place to discuss our products and get help. Join Community A Letter from the Founders Hi all 👋, We started HYVOR in 2020 with Hyvor Talk, a privacy-friendly, fully-featured commenting
		platform. Since then, it has been used by millions of users to engage with their favorite
		sites. We then rolled out Hyvor Blogs in 2023 and Hyvor Post in 2025. We will continue to commit to our belief in privacy and data protection . We
		are proud to say that we have never sold user data to third parties and never will. We are
		also committed to providing you with the best possible experience and will continue to
		improve our products based on YOUR feedback. What ensures our commitment is our business model. We are a bootstrapped company , meaning it's just us and you – no outside investors. Our profitability depends on you and
		only you. This ensures that we will always put YOU first. Thank you for your continued support and we look forward to serving you in the years to
		come. Sincerely, Supun & Ishini, Founders, HYVOR Our Team Meet the people behind HYVOR Supun Wimalasena Co-Founder, CEO/CTO Ishini Senanayake Co-Founder, UI/UX Engineer Nadil Karunarathna Software Engineer Thibault Boutet Software Engineer HYVOR 10 RUE DE PENTHIÈVRE PARIS 75008 FRANCE 🇫🇷 Registration number (SIREN): 914168042 VAT number: FR52914168042 [email protected] Products Hyvor Talk Hyvor Blogs Hyvor Post Fortguard Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sub-Processors Compliance (GDPR) DPA HYVOR Enterprise Support Security Updates Status Resources Docs Community HYVOR © 2025 From France 🇫🇷