Curriculum Associates uses cookies on its corporate website to enhance user experiences on our site and to analyze performance and traffic.

Third parties may also use cookies in connection with our website for advertising, analytics, and other similar purposes. Click here to view our Privacy Notice.

By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to this process.

OK
Programs
Resources
Research
About
Support
i-Ready Login
Curriculum
Assessment & Instruction
Using i-Ready
Request a Demo
i-Ready Is More Than Assessment

It’s a connected experience delivering teacher-led core and supplemental instruction across mathematics, literacy, professional learning, and more.

Take the i-Ready Tour
Where Insights Meet Impact: Personalized Learning That Works

Turn adaptive assessment results into meaningful action with personalized instruction designed to give every student what they need when they need it. 

Take the i-Ready Tour
Supporting 14 million students
and one million active educators nationwide
Introducing a Core Literacy Curriculum That Thinks Forward

Help Grades K–6 students rise as confident readers, writers, and thinkers with Magnetic Literacy.

Discover Magnetic Literacy
A Legacy Built on Reading Success

From reading science-based foundational skills instruction to comprehensive core literacy, we’ve helped millions of students accelerate their learning, growing from readers to independent learners and thinkers.

Explore More
Middle Schoolers: Owning It!

Middle school is a pivotal time when students develop confidence and independence. With instruction tailored to their unique needs, students build the skills to connect classroom learning to future success.

Get to Know i-Ready Pro
Living Mathematics Every Day

Put students at the center of learning with purposeful discourse and engaging instruction that helps students understand how math is relevant beyond the classroom walls.

Explore the Program
i-Ready en español

When Multilingual Learners feel seen, supported, and equipped, they are inspired to author their own success.

See Solutions in Spanish

“Our partnership with i-Ready has not only revolutionized our understanding of student data but has also been instrumental in driving positive outcomes for students from underprivileged backgrounds.”

—Dr. Bernardo Montero, President of Somerset Academy, Inc., Broward County, Florida

See Partnership in Action
Explore the Latest
BLOG
The Science of Reading in Focus

Hear from literary powerhouse, Dr. Anita Archer, as she shares her wisdom on the Science of Reading.

PODCAST
Innovative Incentives: Boosting Student Motivation with ...

Listen to this Extraordinary Educators™ Podcast session on boosting student motivation.

WEBINAR
Language and Mathematics Are Interconnected

Explore strategies for providing students with learning experiences that connect language development and...

About Us
Careers
Contact Us
How to Order
i-Ready FAQ
Blog
153 Rangeway Road
North Billerica, MA 01862
United States: (800) 225-0248
International: (978) 667-8000
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

We partner with 6sense® for marketing and advertising purposes. If you submit a form, 6sense uses your hashed email address to help identify your organization and deliver more relevant advertising across devices and channels. By submitting a form, you acknowledge and consent to this activity. For more information, please review our privacy policy and the 6sense Privacy Policy. 6sense® is a registered trademark of 6sense Insights, Inc.

©2025 Curriculum Associates, LLC. All rights reserved.