iAdvize: Trusted Generative AI for e-commerce Product Customers Resources Pricing Copilot for Shoppers Help your shoppers find, choose, and buy more with the #1 AI Sales Associate Copilot for Agents Increase agent productivity and improve customer experience. Platform Strengthen your tech stack with iAdvize's generative AI copilots White Papers & Guides Educational content to help you build your e-commerce strategy. Blog Everything you need to know about conversational commerce. Get Started for Free menu Product Copilot™ for Shoppers Copilot™ for Agents Platform Customers Resources White Papers & Guides Blog Pricing Get Free Trial Convert 10x more with AI copilots for e‑commerce Book A Demo AI chat and shopping assistants to help customers your products. Trusted by the most innovative e‑commerce brands. It's improved conversion, saved so much manpower, and given our customer service a break to focus on other things. Katie H. CX Leader Payne Glasses, eyewear brand Read the Use Case With iAdvize Copilot™, we increased our conversion rate 8x. Chris Pirrotta VP Marketing Sideshow, specialty manufacturer of collectibles Read the Use Case It ultimately leads to more conversions and revenue. Aurélie L. E-commerce & Omnichannel Director IKKS, premium fashion brand Read the Use Case Customer journeys that lead to more orders Improve Product Discovery Don’t rely on search. 80% of customers give up on search and then abandon your site. Offer them an AI assistant to explore their needs and recommend the most relevant products. Book A Demo Book A Demo Increase Add-To-Cart Rate Stop forcing customers to scroll through product details. 50% don’t find what they need. Use AI to anticipate customers’ needs and make it easier to decide. Book A Demo Book A Demo Boost Sales With AI Go beyond general FAQs. The most important question to a customer is their own. Answer pre-sales and post-sales questions with AI. For customers who need extra support, connect them with super agents who use AI to help more and sell more. Book A Demo Book A Demo An AI copilot-assisted customer journey converts 7 times more than a visitor navigating the site on their own. Philippe M. Digital & E-commerce Director at INTERSPORT Intersport, sporting goods retailer Read the Use Case This pre-sales solution offers real added value to our customers and integrates smoothly into our customer journey. Cyril R. Director of Aftersales and Contact Center VandenBorre, consumer electronics retailer Read the Use Case This generative AI chatbot achieves the same conversion rate [of over 20%] and commercial success that we see with an advisor. Isabelle Serot Data Director Cdiscount, e-commerce marketplace Read the Use Case High quality AI conversations, increased conversions 14% Average conversion rate 27% Highest conversion rate +16% AOV increase AI made easy Tailored to your e‑commerce business Design AI shopping assistants that know your brand, products, buying guides, and policies. Easy integrations Easily plug into your e-commerce platform, CRM, and user experience. Launch instantly with one-click Shopify integration. Secure and compliant e‑commerce AI Work with a partner that complies with GDPR and CCPA and is ISO 27001 certified, ensuring data integrity and privacy. Book A Demo Highly impressed and highly recommended! The iAdvize platform's adaptability allowed us to transform how we engage with our customers. iAdvize has an amazing team and we were able to continually optimize conversion rates, resulting in a meaningful impact on our bottom line. Furthermore, iAdvize is on the forefront of conversational AI technology. Their offering on agent Co-Pilot is very impressive and practical to implement. I recommend the platform for any brand looking to maximize and deliver on its potential. Verified User in Consumer Electronics Mid-Market (51-1000 emp.) Read more reviews on G2 iAdvize recognized as a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave TM , Digital Customer Interaction Solutions, Q2 2024 Learn more Join the Conversation Subscribe to The Conversation Connection, our monthly newsletter about the digital and conversational transformation. Generative AI for E‑commerce Sales:8 AI Shopping Assistant Success Stories See how brands across industries have increased their online conversions and optimized costs by launching an AI copilot on their website. Download the White Paper Start today Try iAdvize Copilot™ and join the generative AI revolution. Book A Demo iAdvize Inc. 225 Franklin Street Floor 26 Boston, MA 02110 United States iAdvize Le Berlingot Euronantes Gare, 9 Rue Nina Simone bat b, 44000 Nantes France Products Copilot for Shoppers Copilot for Agents Resources Guides and Studies Blog Help Center Company Values Engagements Vision Careers Support Clients Pricing Developer Platform Trust Center ©2010 - 2025 iAdvize SAS All rights reserved Conditions of Use Legal notice Cookies Privacy Policy