IAPP About the IAPP Contact Store CERTIFICATION TRAINING EVENTS MEMBERSHIP COMMUNITY NEWS RESOURCES ENTERPRISE Sign in Sign in Behaviorist explores resilience to change Rhodes Scholar and former White House advisor Maya Shankar to keynote at IAPP Summit 2026: Privacy | AI governance | cybersecurity law. Register for Summit Latest headlines All news articles Behind Ontario's IPC newly updated deidentification guidelines Hochul enacts New York's AI safety and transparency bill Notes from the IAPP Canada: 2025 — A year in review A view from DC: Can the FTC preempt state AI laws? Your global professional home for digital responsibility. The IAPP is the policy neutral, not-for-profit professional home for privacy, AI governance and digital responsibility globally. Explore the inter-related communities we support and resources we provide for our three primary professional domains below. Read our mission. Privacy We help practitioners and the companies and institutions they work for manage threats, protect data and maintain customer trust through training, certification, research and conferences. Learn more AI governance The IAPP offers expert content, training, certification and a vast array of tools to prepare yourself and your teams to create effective, trustworthy AI governance systems. Learn more Cybersecurity law Our networking, education and workshops are designed to help lawyers and nonlawyers address growing issues around legal compliance, data governance and risk mitigation related to cybersecurity. Learn more How can we help? I am interested in finding CPE-eligible content and activities. Go Save 20% with online training bundle Purchase training and certification together by 17 Jan. using code SAVE20 to unlock your discount. Buy now Renew your membership today to keep enjoying offerings like  cutting-edge research, networking opportunities and more Letting your membership lapse means losing key benefits that help power your career. Renew now to stay connected. Renew your membership IAPP Congress 2026 call  for proposals is open Submit your session idea by 12 April 2026 for a chance to share your expertise with your peers at next year’s conference. Submit your proposal Most popular IAPP resources See all resource subjects Top IAPP research Head-start tools and templates Top series US State Privacy Legislation Tracker TOOLS AND TRACKERS Organizational Digital Governance Report 2025 REPORT MEMBER Salary and Jobs Report 2025-26: Privacy, AI Governance and Digital Responsibility REPORT MEMBER AI Governance Profession Report 2025 REPORT Transfer Impact Assessment Templates TOOLS AND TRACKERS Data Security Program Cheat Sheet INFOGRAPHIC European Strategy for Data – Overview of New Regulations TOOLS AND TRACKERS Mapping and Understanding the AI Governance Ecosystem INFOGRAPHIC US Data Privacy Litigation RESOURCE ARTICLE Global AI Governance Law and Policy: Jurisdiction Overviews RESOURCE ARTICLE Top 10 operational impacts of the EU AI Act RESOURCE ARTICLE Top 10 operational impacts of India’s DPDPA RESOURCE ARTICLE Membership that matters Whether you're an organization of one or a Fortune 100, IAPP membership brings exclusive insights and a global professional community right to your desk. Buy individual membership Learn about organizational membership The IAPP is a policy neutral, not-for-profit association founded in 2000 with a mission to define, promote and improve the professions of privacy, AI governance and digital responsibility globally. Contact us Mission Partner with us Press IAPP store Certification Certifications Certification FAQs Training Certification training New-to-privacy training Train your staff Membership Become a member For new members Conferences and Events Upcoming conferences Live web conferences Community Local chapters Peer groups News and resources Today's news Top resources Subscribe to newsletters Certification Certifications Certification FAQs Training Certification training New-to-privacy training Train your staff Membership Become a member For new members Conferences and Events Upcoming conferences Live web conferences Community Local chapters Peer groups News and resources Today's news Top resources Subscribe to newsletters Conditions of Use IAPP Cookie Notice Manage cookies Privacy Notice Refund Policy Pease International Tradeport, 75 Rochester Ave.,
Portsmouth, NH 03801 USA • +1 603.427.9200 © 2025 IAPP.
All rights reserved.