Institute for Advanced Study Skip to main content Toggle navigation menu Schools menu Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Nelson Center Search Begin typing to search for a section of this site. Search Campus Resources Library Dining Utility menu Campus Resources Friends Group Nav About Toggle About submenu Welcome Mission & History Director Board of Trustees Administration Openness to Talent Libraries & Archives Publications Videos Campus & Lands Sustainability Maps & Directions FAQs Albert: IAS Repository Ideas Schools Toggle Schools submenu Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Scholars Toggle Scholars submenu Directors Faculty & Emeriti Current Scholars All Scholars Prospective Scholars Artists-in-Residence Director’s Visitors AMIAS News Toggle News submenu Opinion IAS News In the Media Press Releases Press Center Press Clips Podcasts Events Toggle Events submenu Schools Seminars & Programs Campus Community Events Arts at IAS Friends Events Calendar Record of Events Programs Toggle Programs submenu Arts at IAS WAM IAS/Park City Mathematics Institute Prospects in Theoretical Physics Science, Technology, and Social Values Lab DigitalScholarship@IAS Support Toggle Support submenu Give Now Ways to Give Friends Planned Giving Contact Us Apply Search Begin typing to search for a section of this site. Search Campus Resources Library Dining Schools menu (mobile) Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Nelson Center Utility menu (mobile) Campus Resources Friends Home Video A Space of Thought and a Time of Mind In welcome remarks delivered to the 2025–26 class of IAS scholars, Director and Leon Levy Professor David Nirenberg reflected on the Institute’s role as "a special place" dedicated to discovery. He emphasized how the Institute's history, culture of solitude and community, and spirit of dialogue create an environment where scholars can push the boundaries of knowledge. Video From Equations to Artifacts: Bridging Disciplines Over Lunch In this episode of Institute Instances , Jean Gutt , von Neumann Fellow in the Institute for Advanced Study's School of Mathematics (2024–25), recounts how dialogue with a School of Historical Studies colleague over lunch revealed connections between disparate fields. Quanta Cosmic Paradox Reveals the Awful Consequence of an Observer-Free Universe November 19, 2025 According to a recent article from Quanta Magazine , researchers working at the frontier of quantum physics have uncovered a “puzzling conundrum.” The story began nearly three decades ago, when Juan Maldacena , Carl P. Feinberg Professor in the School of Natural Sciences , demonstrated that complex calculations in string theory could be dramatically simplified using concepts from particle physics through a “holographic” correspondence. Press Release Scholars Achieve Groundbreaking Calculations of Luminous Black Hole Accretion December 03, 2025 Building on decades of effort, Lizhong Zhang , Member (2023–24) in the School of Natural Sciences ; James Stone , Professor in the School; and a team of astrophysicists have achieved a major milestone: developing the most comprehensive model to date of luminous black hole accretion. Their breakthrough allows scholars to "observe" such black hole systems not through a telescope, but through a computer. idea Illuminating Legacies: New Acquisitions by the Institute’s Archives In 2025, the Institute's Shelby White and Leon Levy Archives Center made a remarkable array of new acquisitions—gifts and transfers that represent a cross-section of the four IAS Schools as well as a wide spectrum of the scholarly community. The collections preserve stories of the scholars who have shaped the Institute’s legacy and, by extension, the world of ideas. IAS News Cathy N. Davidson Awarded 2025 Harold W. McGraw, Jr. Prize in Education November 19, 2025 Cathy N. Davidson , Visitor in the School of Social Science , has been named a recipient of the 2025 Harold W. McGraw, Jr. Prize in Education , for her work as a "leading voice in digital literacy, learning science, and interdisciplinary innovation." Footer menu Privacy Careers Press Center Libraries & Archives Store Contact Institute for Advanced Study 1 Einstein Drive Princeton, New Jersey 08540
        USA Phone (609) 734-8000 Email contactus@ias.edu Support Help our scientists and scholars continue their field-shaping work. Give Now Connect eNews Signup Copyright © 2025 Institute for Advanced Study