Products
Solutions
Industries
Discover
Contact Us
Log in
Expert Perspective.
Connected Insights.
Unrivaled Results.
Industry analysis, forecasts and trends that help you unlock real answers and execute with conviction.
Book a Demo

Meet Phil, Your AI Economist 

Every sector of the economy, at your fingertips

No more scrambling for credible information. Fill knowledge gaps instantly with the largest collection of industry research reports.

Manufacturing
Construction
Finance & Insurance
Real Estate
Healthcare and social Assistance Services
Administration and Business Support Services
Information
Retail Trade
Transportation and Warehousing
Professional, Scientific and Technical Services
Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing & Hunting
Mining
Accommodation & Food Services
Utilities
Educational Services
Industry analysis with an eye on the future

Learn what’s behind today’s industry trends and where your market is headed next so you can future-proof your business decisions.

Mitigate risk with Industry research

Assess the industry from all sides to avoid blind spots and make smarter strategic decisions.

Leverage industry reports and risk ratings to mitigate the threats you can control and plan for the ones you can’t.
Compare industry financial ratios and benchmarks to help quantify the risk of doing business.
Identify opportunities and threats present in any industry to bolster your risk management frameworks.
Request demo
Find your competitive edge

Discover the forces working for or against you in any industry to help you rise above the competition.

Understand which companies compete in the industry and the barriers to entry new businesses face.
Uncover geographic nuances and opportunities using business concentration and global trade data.
Ready your talking points with accessible key takeaways and call prep questions.
Watch the video
Understand market dynamics

Turn days of research into hours or minutes using actionable industry insights that paint a holistic picture of the market. 

Discover the driving forces behind supply, demand, market size, risks and revenue trends.
Understand the growth trajectory of any industry with five-year data forecasts.
Present industry statistics, pain points and key success factors to help you gain credibility with your audience.
Need a closer look?
Download a sample report
Download sample
Global coverage written by local analysts

Streamline your research process with industry reports covering everything from established sectors to emerging markets across four continents.

5,000+
Industries covered
254k+
Hours of detailed analysis
100k+
Subscriber community
Trusted by 7,000+ companies around the world

Independent, accurate and written by experienced analysts. Our industry analysis, company database and economic insights support businesses of all sizes, across all markets.

    
“IBISWorld delivers the crisp business knowledge we need to drive our business. Whether it be serving up our major clients, winning new business or educating people on industry issues, IBISWorld brings real value.”
    
“IBISWorld has revolutionised business information - which has proved commercially invaluable to exporters, investors and public policy professionals in Australia and overseas.”
    
“You could spend hours researching for the information that IBISWorld has at your fingertips. IBISWorld gives you far more than most resources do.”
Want industry statistics and news delivered to your inbox monthly?
Sign me up 
Industry intelligence wherever you work.
Products
Industry Intelligence
Phil, Your AI Economist
Industry Data Wizard
The IBISWorld Platform
Integrations
API Data Delivery
Industries
All Collections
United States
Australia
Canada
United Kingdom
Germany
Discover
Industry Insider
Help Center
Our Team
Our Founder
Our Partners
Deutsch
Contact
Request a Demo
Membership Inquiry
© 2025 IBISWorld. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Privacy Policy
Sitemap