Indianapolis Business Journal – Indianapolis Business News Corporate Programs Gift Cards Advertise People Lists Jobs Classifieds Public Notices Newsletters Podcasts Contact Us Subscribe Now Log In GO Newsletters Podcast Weekly Paper Advertise People Lists Jobs Classifieds Public Notices News Weekly Paper Digital Edition Purchase Past Issues Diversity Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Regional Boone County Hamilton County Hancock County Hendricks County Johnson County Madison County Morgan County Shelby County Other Counties More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Development Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Elevance More Public Companies More Private Companies Corrections Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos IBJ mobile apps RSS Feeds Real Estate Retail Restaurants Commercial Residential Politics North of 96th Health Care Tech Opinion Forefront Viewpoint Editorials Letters to the Editor Events 20 in Their Twenties 2025 Honorees 2025 Event Video 2024 Event Photos Past Recipients Nominate Register for event Bourbon & Brokers CEO of the Year & C-Suite Awards Commercial Real Estate & Construction Power Breakfast Diversity in Law Economic Forecast Education Power Breakfast Fast 25 2025 Honorees 2024 Event Video 2024 Event Photos Past Recipients Nominate Register for Event Forty Under 40 2025 Honorees 2023 Event Video 2024 Event Photos Past Recipients Nominate Register for Event Gleaners – Hunger & Health Health Care & Benefits Power Breakfast Excellence in Health Care 2024 Event Photos 2025 Honorees 2024 Event Video Past Recipients Nominate Register for Event Indiana 250 2022 Photo Gallery Indiana 250 Website Innovate Indiana Series Innovate Southwest Indiana – Evansville Innovate East Central – Muncie Innovate Northeast Indiana – Fort Wayne Leadership in Law Life Sciences Power Breakfast Nonprofit Excellence Awards 2025 Honorees Technology Power Breakfast Women of Influence 2025 Honorees 2024 Event Video 2024 Event Photos Past Recipients Nominate Register for event Awards Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients 20 in their Twenties CEO of the Year and C-Suite Awards Past Recipients 2025 Honorees Fast25 Excellence in Health Care Past Recipients 2025 Honorees Nominations HR Impact Awards Michael A. Carroll Award Nonprofit Excellence Awards Women of Influence 2024 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2025 Past Recipients Tech Exec of the Year 2024 Honorees Past Recipients Content Studio Thought Leadership A prescription for better health Small and mid-sized firms shouldn’t take cybersecurity risks lightly It’s time to take a scalpel to the business school Advancing access, affordability, and workforce readiness Addressing Indiana’s workforce transformation needs Rethinking Risk: How Climate Change is Reshaping Insurance Pacers Foundation, Gleaners team up to feed hungry Hoosiers Howard Bailey Financial® Vice President Marshal Johnson on Helping You “Retire With Purpose” Educators preparing for new diploma standards Innovation is a mindset that must be taught What to consider before selling your business Q&A: STATE OF WOMEN IN CENTRAL INDIANA REPORT Cracking the Glass Ceiling is Not Enough: New Women’s Executive Leadership Institute Brings Sisterhood Approach to Progress Integrating AI Thinking of selling your business? Here’s what you need to know Indiana State University focuses on workforce readiness Putting students on the best career path CareSource provides resources and programs to make Indiana healthier Housing market on the mend Cybersecurity requires savvy, vigilance Kelley School of Business Indianapolis is building a robust and reliable talent pipeline How mission-driven work helps retain and attract top talent Innovation & Workforce Talent & Workforce Talent for today—and tomorrow Transparency can be transformational Process improvement and its impact on healthcare delivery Overcoming barriers for patients and providers Shaping the disruptors: How Purdue’s MBT program sets a new standard Group 1001 bringing innovation to financial services Bringing technological advancements to life Clearing the path to rewarding employment The Tragedy of the Phone-Based Childhood is an Urgent Call We Must Answer Addressing laboratory staffing shortages is critical for healthcare’s future Business Succession Planning Q&A Designing a benefits plan that works Pandemic brought changes that are here to stay Help students make the connection between learning and work Thought Leadership Topics Sponsored Content Addressing Indiana’s Healthcare Affordability Crisis FirstNet: A Public-Private Partnership That Keeps America Safe Make IT the Secret Weapon for Your Small Business Automation can enhance client interactions Loren Wood Builders: Crafting Legacy Projects Across Indiana To drive government efficiency, connected technology is a must INNOVATIVE – TRANSFORMATIVE – RAW AWE! Where are they now: Rolls-Royce Where are they now: LER TechForce Where are they now: Micropulse Future-ready HR: The versatility of full-service PEO partnerships Where are they now: Meats by Linz Where are they now: Liberation Labs Where are they now: Doral Renewables/Mammoth Solar Where are they now: Corteva Agriscience Busey Bank Continues to Grow in Indiana, Adds Stutsman to Local Leadership Team Competitive Advantages of Conscious Capitalism Mohr Logistics Park: Transforming The Indianapolis Industrial Landscape Empowering American Cities: Local Economic Intelligence, Trusted Advice 2024 Indiana Global Economic Summit is key to building state’s economy of the future When the Business of Your Business Becomes Your Wealth Balancing Cost and Quality with Price Transparency Tools Navigating Opportunities in Indianapolis Despite Economic Uncertainty Superior Dental Care brings its highly regarded dental plans to the entire state of Indiana Sponsored Content Samples Sponsored Content – Emails Sponsored Content – Print Custom Videos Business Cares Sites Business Cares: Corporate Social Responsibility Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Business Cares Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Business Cares Heart Health Awareness Career Ready Indiana 2025-26 – Earn & Learn 2024-25 – Build Your Talent Pipeline 2024-25 – Build Your Job Skills 2023-24 – Need Talent? Grow Your Own 2022-23 – Looking for Talent? Employers, We’ve Got You Covered! 2021-22 – Hoosiers Talk About Why Indiana is a Great Place for Your Career 2020-21 – Today’s College Students Older, Wiser 2019-20 – Former Indy 500 Driver Crosses College Finish Line Contact Us Subscribe Now Log In GO Weekly Paper The IBJ Podcast Pete the Planner podcast Latest IBJ Forefront Executive Gift Guide AI Issue Arts & Entertainment Preview Liquor store manager expected to enter guilty plea in forged documents case Jitender “Jay” Singh faces two felony counts of forgery related to accusations he altered documents required for alcoholic beverage permits. New-home applications fall for 4th month in row in central Indiana The year-over-year decline was the sixth during the first 11 months of 2025 following a streak of 20 straight months of rising applications. Rare rainy day expected for Rose Parade, Rose Bowl as IU fans make trip For the first time in 20 years, rain is expected to intrude on the Rose Parade and the Rose Bowl in Southern California. Thousands of Indiana University fans are expected to make the trip. $100,000 commission offered for mural on Indiana Fever facility Pacers Sports & Entertainment is paying for the artwork that will adorn the $78 million facility presently under construction. prev next Stock market falls in light trading on final day of 2025, but enjoys another big year 4:18 pm All of the major U.S. stock indexes posted double-digit gains in 2025, in a market driven by both optimism and uncertainty. Indianapolis man faces fraud charges from SEC in alleged $300M Drive Planning Ponzi scheme 1:08 pm Gerry Linarducci, former managing director of Drive Planning LLC, faces charges related to an alleged scheme to defraud real estate investors in Indiana and nationwide. Copper set for biggest annual gain since 2009 on supply bets 11:24 am The rise is being fueled by near-term supply tightness and bets that demand for the metal key in electrification will outpace production. Tariff worries spur growth of Indiana life sciences group purchasing program 11:23 am Trump made many tariff threats in 2025, but some never materialized 10:54 am Online lottery sales, new casino on Indiana’s gambling docket 10:00 am From Pope Francis to Charlie Kirk, many deaths in 2025 had wide impact 1:28 am Sugar Foods to open Whiteland production, distribution facility, create 105 jobs 12:38 am Golf Club of Indiana building 18-hole putting course that will be first in state 12:11 am Gov. Mike Braun reinstates workforce development board previously dissolved by Legislature Church files federal lawsuit alleging Indy violated religious freedom in blocked Holy Cross demolition December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show Indiana appellate court rules lower court must grant summary judgment to IU in sports injury lawsuit More News SPONSORED CONTENT IBJ Lists Largest Environmental Consulting Firms More Lists Home of the Day View extraordinary properties to suit your lifestyle throughout central Indiana and beyond, proudly represented by Encore Sotheby's International Realty. View More Properties Sign up to receive the "Featured Home of the Week" email. Sign Up Featured Magazines and Supplements Forefront This month, IBJ asks whether more counties should consider passing moratoriums on data center projects, joining the three that already have declared themselves off limits. Also, Bill Taft suggests that Indianapolis civic leaders should rely less on the mayor to take point on major initiatives. George Gemelas provides insight into why young adults feel disengaged from politics. And Deborah Daniels hears echoes of the past in the recent controversy over the legality of orders issued by military commanders. CEO of the Year and C-Suite Awards The CEO of the Year and C-Suite Awards celebrate leadership and excellence at the highest level of Indiana companies. Executive Gift Guide The IBJ newsroom's second annual Executive Gift Guide, a list that we hope will help you find the perfect thing for someone important in your life. In these pages, you'll find some 60 ideas-gifts to eat, wear, read, listen to or experience. Women of Influence IBJ’s Women of Influence program recognizes women who have risen to the highest levels of business, the arts, and community and public service in central Indiana. Additional featured magazines Promotional Supplements Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Social Responsibility is an investment in your company, its employees and the communities you operate in. Find out how your team can build hope internally and outside your workplace by identifying and supporting causes that align with your organization’s mission. Our annual “Business Cares: Corporate Social Responsibility” section is your guide to combining profit and purpose. Visit Microsite Breast Cancer Awareness You’ve probably noticed the special Breast Cancer Awareness license plates that have been available to Hoosiers for more than two decades. On this year’s “Business Cares: Breast Cancer Awareness” microsite, you’ll find out how revenue generated by plate sales is saving lives across the state. You’ll also find informative columns about breast cancer prevention, detection and treatment written by local physicians and details about three big breast cancer fundraisers coming to Indy. Visit Microsite Heart Health Being aware of symptoms and advocating for yourself can save your life when it comes to matters of the heart. Read the stories of two survivors in this year’s “Business Cares: Heart Health Awareness” section. You’ll also find informative columns about heart health written by local cardiologists and a calendar of upcoming Heart Health Awareness Month events. Visit Microsite Arts & Entertainment Preview Get all the info on the events coming to Central Indiana for the 2025-2026 season. Additional promotional supplements Podcasts IBJ Lists Most recent industry research from IBJ Largest Environmental Consulting Firms November 28, 2025 Purchase The Book Images Event Videos 2025 Photo Gallery More Photos 2025 Innovate Central Indiana – Indianapolis More Videos This Week DEC. 26, 2025-JAN. 1, 2026 IBJ Digital Edition 2025 Newsmaker: Carlie Irsay-Gordon, Casey Foyt, Kalen Jackson IBJ Staff 2025 Newsmaker: Gov. Mike Braun IBJ Staff 2025 Newsmaker: David Ricks IBJ Staff Previous Issues See Full Issue Support IBJ's Award-Winning Journalism Join the thousands of business and community leaders and Indiana residents that choose IBJ as their primary local news source. Unlimited access! Join Now Already a paid subscriber? Login here Back To Top Subscriptions Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews Submit to Edit Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards IBJ.com Account My Account Register Events Upcoming IBJ Events Award Nominations Event Sponsorship Opportunities Support & Information Customer Service Contact Us Career Opportunities Reprints Advertising IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Legal Notices Submit Advertising Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos IBJ Mobile App IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements IBJ Store Online Products Purchase Past Issues Bookstore IBJ Media Inside INdiana Business The Indiana Lawyer Indiana 250 AdEndeavor Copyright © 2026 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Big business news. Teeny tiny price. $1/week Subscribe Now Big business news. Teeny tiny price. $1/week Subscribe Now Big business news. Teeny tiny price. $1/week Subscribe Now Big business news. Teeny tiny price. $1/week Subscribe Now Your go-to for Indy business news. Try us out for $1/week Cancel anytime Subscribe Now Already a paid subscriber? Log In Your go-to for Indy business news. Try us out for $1/week Cancel anytime Subscribe Now Already a paid subscriber? Log In Your go-to for Indy business news. Try us out for $1/week Cancel anytime Subscribe Now Already a paid subscriber? Log In Your go-to for Indy business news. Try us out for $1/week Cancel anytime Subscribe Now Already a paid subscriber? Log In