Latest News, Breaking News, Top News & Updates in India | IBTimes India Home News Business Technology Science Sports Entertainment Video J&K Search Search Top Stories Sensex up in early trade, Nifty crosses 26,000 on final trading day of 2025 Among sectoral gainers, the Nifty Metal was the top gainer up 1.33 per cent, followed by Nifty Chemicals adding 1.09 per cent and Nifty PSU Bank gaining 0.79 per cent. Immediate support is placed at... PM Modi condoles demise of Khaleda Zia, says her contributions to India-Bangladesh relations will always be remembered Begum Khaleda Zia passed away early Tuesday morning after a prolonged illness at the age of 80, her party confirmed. According to a statement issued... Pakistan risks walking into quagmire by sending troops to Gaza: Report Writing in leading Pakistani daily Dawn, Lodhi, a former Pakistani ambassador to the US, UK and UN, said that joining ISF will be contrary to... Several districts in J&K ban VPN use citing security reasons In one such order, Shrikant Balasaheb Suse, Magistrate Kupwara, has referred to communications received from the police about a surge in the use of... Massive fire in Bengal's Birati market guts 200 shops; no casualties reported Seven fire engines were pressed into service. However, strong winds made it difficult for firefighters to extinguish the blaze. Locals said that by... From rallies to AI propaganda: LeT, JeM plot more lethal comeback, target 10,000 recruits The year 2026 would be majorly about re-grouping and also making the outfits doubly lethal, an officer said. Both these groups were hit the hardest... Bengaluru demolition row: Pralhad Joshi slams Cong govt, calls relief to encroachers a 'paradox' Addressing the media in Delhi, Joshi said farmers, crop-loss victims and people displaced by natural disasters in Karnataka have been waiting for... TECH & Science NEWS How to create YouTube thumbnails using AI: Top 10 text-to-image prompts to use Adobe Firefly's AI-powered text-to-image generator enables creators to design professional YouTube thumbnails in minutes without design experience.... AI's reality check: Salesforce's pivot and India's hybrid supremacy Salesforce's candor validates India's prescience: regulated hybrids unlock Viksit Bharat. By 2035, $2 trillion economic infusion cements supremacy,... Redmi 15C 5G review: Keeping it simple — that's the point Redmi 15C 5G is a no-nonsense budget smartphone that focuses on reliability, long battery life, and future-ready connectivity without unnecessary... More News US man charged with international terrorism for supporting ISIS "ISIS' poisonous ideology must be ripped out root and stem -- anyone who tries to commit violence on ISIS's behalf will be found, arrested, and... Who is Aviva Baig, Priyanka Gandhi's son Raihan Vadra's fiancée: Their love story, net worth Congratulations are in order for Raihan Vadra, the son of Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi and businessman Robert Vadra, who is now engaged to his... MGNREGA changes: Congress announces nationwide protest, targets Centre Kharge set the tone for the agitation by questioning the government's priorities: "Why has the Central government destroyed a scheme like MGNREGS?... Lord Murugan temple controversy: Sekar Babu accuses BJP of fomenting communal tension Speaking to reporters, the minister said the BJP had tried to use the revered Thirupparankundram Murugan temple — one of the six sacred abodes... Pahalgam sees tourist surge ahead of New Year, signalling revival of Kashmir tourism As the year draws to a close, tourists seeking respite from busy city life have once again begun thronging the popular hill destination. The renewed... Ukraine's 20-point peace plan meets Russian dismissal, Trump hedges before summit Commenting on Zelensky's 20-point initiative, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov remarked, "the plan – if it can even be called as... Kharge urges Congressmen to launch agitation over 'MGNREGA discontinuation' Addressing the Congress Working Committee (CWC) at the All India Congress Committee (AICC) headquarters at Indira Bhawan in New Delhi, Kharge said a... TRENDING 1 Precious metals rebound as gold, silver recover after steep retreat 2 Delhi-NCR suffers amid severe pollution, dense fog 3 Sensex, Nifty post mild losses amid sustained FPI outflows 4 Indian equities to be on firmer footing in 2026, with corporate earnings likely to improve 5 Despite Pahalgam attack, 2025 emerges J&K's least violent year in over two decades IBT FOCUS India poised to become 3rd-largest economy with GDP of $7.3 trillion by 2030 ... Future Trends Zepto files $1.22 billion IPO in India: Here's everything you need to know ... Banking GST Council may consider cutting GST on air, water purifiers to 5 pc amid backlash ... Health Bytes Can ChatGPT help reduce mental health stigma? ... Top cancer researcher questions routine tumor biopsies, sparks debate among oncologists ... Economy India's 2025 economic reforms lay foundation for inclusive growth ... Ola Electric faces tough year as market share drops over 50 pc in 2025 ... IBT LATEST Time for India to follow suit? France, Germany, Netherlands, US banned use of EVMs [here's why] Dhanush's Captain Miller has no buyers in Telugu states? Here's why Ranveer Singh touches Sanjay Leela Bhansali's feet; Sara Ali Khan, Aditi Rao Hydari radiate in ethnic outfits at reception Omar lambasts "arrogant" Congress after BJP's historic victory; Mehbooba reacts [details] BJP leads in 53 seats, crosses majority mark in Chhattisgarh Advertisement FACT CHECK India hits out at 'misleading propaganda' on protest outside B'desh High Commission in Delhi ENTERTAINMENT Is Prabhas dating The Raja Saab co-star Riddhi Kumar? Fans refuse to believe, call it PR strategy Dharmendra's film Ikkis screening: Sunny Deol smiles for paps, Salman Khan teary-eyed, Rekha kisses Big B's grandson's poster Who was Nandini CM: Kannada actress who died by suicide, left note behind blaming family Will Sanjay Leela Bhansali' 'Love & War' be delayed again? Ramayana team appears disappointed with news 2025 unleased bizarre fashion moments in Bollywood; here's a recap Bollywood's farewell to 2025: Ranveer-Deepika-Dua party in NYC, Hrithik-Saba join Sussanne; Alia-Ranbir-Raha on vacation Movie Reviews Jaideep Ahlawat replaces Akshaye Khanna in Drishyam 3; producer says "got better actor & person" SPOTLIGHT Revisiting Al-Jihad fil Islam: How Maududi's political theology reframed jihad and its dangerous afterlife Advertisement News India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video POLICIES Advertise with us Permission Syndication Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy ABOUT About us Brand Careers Site Navigation Contact EDITIONS Australia India Singapore U.K. U.S. Follow US Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rss © Copyright 2025 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved.