Skip to content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3)
File A Complaint
Public Info
Industry Info
Cyber Private Sector
Crime Info
Search
Welcome to the Internet Crime Complaint Center

The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) is the central hub for reporting cyber-enabled crime. It is run by the FBI, the lead federal agency for investigating crime.

For more information about the IC3 and its mission, please see the About Us page.

File a Complaint with Us

If you or someone else is in immediate danger, please call 911 or your local police.

The IC3 focuses on collecting cyber-enabled crime. Crimes against children should be filed with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Other types of crimes, such as threats of terrorism, should be reported at tips.fbi.gov.

File A Complaint
How You Can Help
Tell us what happened.

File a report to share information with the FBI. IC3 is the main intake form for a variety of complaints — everything from cyber-enabled frauds and scams to cybercrime — so file a report even if you are unsure of whether your complaint qualifies.

Your contribution and our mission.

Your report helps us fulfill our mission of protecting the American people. While we cannot guarantee a response to every complaint, your report is still valuable. It helps us understand the broader threat landscape. Furthermore, in those cases where we are able to take action, we will work to provide justice.

Protect yourself and others.

If you have suffered from a cyber-enabled crime, please know that you are not alone. Use the resources on this site to learn more about how to protect yourself and others from cybercrime.

Protecting Our Digitally-connected World is a Top Priority and Focus of the FBI
We Need You

Between staying connected with family and friends, shopping and banking online, and working remotely, we all depend on security in our interconnected digital world. Criminals from every corner of the globe attack our digital systems on a near constant basis. They strike targets large and small — from corporate networks to personal smart phones. No one — and no device — is immune from the threat. The only way forward is together. In cyber security, where a single compromise can impact millions of people, there can be no weak links. Every organization and every individual needs to take smart, reasonable steps to protect their own devices and systems and to learn how to spot and avoid scams.

Chart includes loss data for the years 2020 to 2024. Over this time period, over $50 billion dollars were reported lost.
For more information, please read our most recent Annual Report:
Annual Report
The Information You Submit to IC3 Makes All the Difference

Combined with other data, it allows the FBI to investigate reported crimes, track trends and threats, and, in some cases, even freeze stolen funds. Just as importantly, IC3 shares reports of crime throughout its vast network of FBI field offices and law enforcement partners, strengthening our nation’s collective response both locally and nationally.

Due to the massive number of complaints, we receive each year, IC3 cannot respond directly to every submission, but please know we take each report seriously. With your help, we can and will respond faster, defend cyber networks better, and more effectively protect our nation.

Recent IC3 Alerts
Public
Dec
19
Senior U.S. Officials Continue to be Impersonated in Malicious Messaging Campaign
Dec
17
Great Odds, High Risk: The FBI Encourages U.S. Bettors to Know the Risks of Illegal Gambling
Dec
05
Criminals Using Altered Proof-of-Life Media to Extort Victims in Virtual Kidnapping for Ransom Scams
Nov
25
Account Takeover Fraud via Impersonation of Financial Institution Support
Nov
13
Criminals Impersonate US Health Insurance Providers and Chinese Law Enforcement to Target Chinese Speakers Residing in the United States
Industry
Dec
15
Principles for the Secure Integration of Artificial Intelligence in Operational Technology
Dec
09
Pro-Russia Hacktivists Conduct Opportunistic Attacks Against US and Global Critical Infrastructure
Nov
19
Bulletproof Defense: Mitigating Risks From Bulletproof Hosting Providers
Nov
13
#StopRansomware: Akira Ransomware
Sep
29
Creating and maintaining a definitive view of your Operational Technology (OT) Architecture
Return to top
IC3
Home Page
Privacy Policy
About IC3
FBI
Home Page
Privacy Policy
About FBI
DOJ
Home Page
Privacy Policy
About DOJ
Contact the FBI Press Office
(202) 324-3691
Accessibility Statement
Questions? See the IC3 FAQ
FBI
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

FBI.gov Contact Center