ICALENDARS Loading... Home About Pricing Contacts Terms of use Privacy policy iCalendars Service Welcome to iCalendars! iCalendar Service is an ultimate all-in-one solution for setting up events of any
                                    sort! Our app is a simple way for you to create Google Calendar events and share it
                                    with anyone. Scheduling events has never been so easy. Meetings, conferences or even
                                    a party? Everything is possible with iCalendars! Our pricing model allows choosing a plan that will perfectly fit your requirements so
                                    there is no need to pay for features you are not going to use. Interested in trying
                                    out our service? Contact us at partnership@icalendars.app for a free demo. Do you have any questions or issues? Our support team is always at your service to
                                    solve everything as quickly as possible at support@icalendars.app . Features Easy-to-use With icalendar.app you can set up and share any events easily, even if it’s your bus
                                schedule. Event Reminders Don't forget about upcoming concerts or events - just add them to your calendar and share
                                with friends! Sharing Friends or colleagues? You can share your events with anyone! Contact us and be among the first to use our service! Join now Pricing Basic $ Free 10 events per month Up to 10 people you can share events with 1 admin account Basic Support Advanced $ 19.99 50 events per month Up to 100 people you can share events with 3 admin account Advanced Support Ultimate $ 49.99 200 events per month Up to 200 people you can share events with 10 admin account Designated Support Agent Contact Us Our pricing model allows choosing a plan that will perfectly fit your requirements so there is
                        no need to pay for features you are not going to use. Interested in trying out our service? Contact us at partnership@icalendars.app for a free demo. © iCalendars . All Rights Reserved