ICC | International Chamber of Commerce Main navigation menu Main content Footer ICC - International Chamber of Commerce Open/Close the search bar Open/Close the menu Global insights Open the menu Close the menu Back Global insights ICC delivers solutions that address the major shifts taking place in the world economy. ICC Digital Standards Initiative Visit the ICC Digital Standards Initiative website to learn how we are working to establish a globally harmonised digital trade environment. Digital economy Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Digital economy Cybersecurity Data governance Internet policy Artificial intelligence Sustainability and climate action Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Sustainability and climate action Climate action Environment and sustainability Trade Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Trade Multilateral trade/WTO Antitrust Trade finance Taxation Intellectual property Integrity and good governance Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Integrity and good governance Anti-corruption Marketing and advertising Business and human rights Policy commissions All News & Publications Banking and finance ICC Trade Register: The global benchmark for trade and supply chain finance 16 January 2023 Business solutions Open the menu Close the menu Back Business solutions At ICC, we leverage our diverse network, skills and expertise to provide a full spectrum of practical trade tools that are essential to making business work for everyone, every day, everywhere. New window ICC One Click ICC One Click is your gateway to trade tools, solutions and  guides to export and grow globally. Incoterms® Incoterms® rules are a set of eleven three-letter trade terms, reflecting business-to-business practice in contracts for the sale and purchase of goods. ATA Carnet Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back ATA Carnet ATA Carnet eATA Carnet ATA Carnet in your country Incoterms® Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Incoterms® Incoterms® rules history Incoterms® rules trademark and copyright policy Incoterms® 2020 Services for small businesses and entrepreneurship Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Services for small businesses and entrepreneurship ICC Centre of Entrepreneurship Discover SME360X Grow your business beyond borders with ICC One Click ICC Model contracts and clauses All News & Publications Anti-corruption and integrity Guidance on Responsible Business in Challenging Contexts 16 January 2023 Dispute resolution Open the menu Close the menu Back Dispute resolution We support the continuity of global trade by helping businesses prevent and resolve their disputes through our case management services. File your Request for Arbitration Everything you need to know to begin an ICC Arbitration Costs calculator Generate estimated ICC administrative expenses and arbitrator fees. Arbitration and Mediation Rules Trusted rules defining and regulating the management of ICC cases Dispute Resolution Services Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Dispute Resolution Services Arbitration Amicable Dispute Resolution (ADR) ICC Case Information About ICC Dispute Resolution Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back About ICC Dispute Resolution Governance Professional development Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Professional development ICC Institute of World Business Law Young Arbitration and ADR Forum (YAAF) Thought leadership Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Thought leadership Arbitration and ADR Commission Africa Commission Belt and Road Commission ICC Institute of World Business Law Resources Open the sub menu Close the sub menu Back Resources DRS Library Rules and Procedures Publication of ICC Arbitral Awards with JUS MUNDI All News & Publications Dispute Resolution Services ICC Dispute Resolution Statistics: 2024 16 January 2023 World chambers Open the menu Close the menu Back World chambers Our ICC World Chambers Federation (WCF) is the backbone of the global chamber network leading, connecting and inspiring chambers to benefit real economies and communities, every day, everywhere. ICC World Chambers Federation membership We connect and unite chambers from every corner of the world in support of our mission to enable prosperity and opportunity for all. WCF governance Our chamber network Chamber services All News & Publications Chambers Chamber Pulse: Global markets, local landscapes 16 January 2023 About ICC Open the menu Close the menu Back About ICC Making business work for everyone, every day, everywhere. We are the world's business organisation. ICC Knowledge 2go Our events, publications and online training courses New window ICC Academy Trusted professional educational and training, anytime, anywhere. National committees Governance Become a member Careers Contact us All News & Publications ICC Explained: How ICC Genesis is simplifying trading under FTAs 16 January 2023 News & publications Open the menu Close the menu Back News and publications Find our latest updates, articles, and comprehensive reports on our global initiatives and activities. Read more Topics Global insights Dispute Resolution Services (DRS) Global response Chambers Business solutions Digital trade See all topics Types News Policies and reports Guests blog and speeches Arbitrations and ADR rules and tools Statements and letters ICC rules and guidelines See all Open/Close the search bar Close Enter the terms to search Search Quick search Arbitrations Incoterms® 2020 For business. For you. Find what you are looking for: Choose an element My profile My profile Trade professional Arbitrator or ADR professional Corporate professional Government representative Chamber of commerce representative Entrepreneur or small business owner Press/media representative Job seeker Highlights Grow your business beyond borders with ICC One Click What if we saw the climate challenge differently? About ICC Dispute Resolution Incoterms® 2020 ICC is the collective voice of the real economy . Through a unique mix of advocacy , solutions and standard setting , the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) champions the needs of businesses, large and small, in global decision- making and leveraging private sector know-how to deliver solutions that turn interconnected challenges into opportunity for all. Learn more about ICC Our footprint: + 17.5 trillion US$ in merchandise trade annually + 200 billion US$ in commercial dispute resolved each year + 1 billion private sector workers employed by our network + 45 million companies in over 170 countries. + 100 local offices in national capitals – from Accra to Washington DC. Stay up-to-date with all ICC news information, and more with our ICC news alerts. Subscribe to newsletters Latest news and publications See all Taxation ICC warns of double taxation risks in latest UN tax talks 19 December 2025 Internet governance ICC calls for enabling policy environments to operationalise global digital cooperation 18 December 2025 Dispute Resolution Services ICC Dispute Resolution Services in 2025: a year in review 16 December 2025 Environment and sustainability Powering the clean energy future in the Philippines 16 December 2025 ICC news and updates ICC reaches key arbitration milestone with case 30,000 15 December 2025 We make business work for everyone , every day, everywhere Be part of our mission to enable business to secure peace, prosperity and opportunity for all. Get involved From multinational corporations to small businesses, ICC is the gateway to a world of connections. Become a member Chambers Our World Chambers Federation (WCF) unites and inspires chambers to benefit real economies and communities. About WCF Careers Join our dynamic and diverse team of over 50 nationalities. Career openings Learn with ICC Capacity building and professional development for all. Enrol today Connect with us Instagram Facebook X LinkedIn YouTube Flickr Want the latest ICC news and activities delivered directly to your inbox? Click to sign up We are the world’s business organisation. We are your ICC. For business. For you. Contact us Who we are Become a member Governance World chambers Careers Online enquiry News & publications Global insights Business solutions Dispute resolution Find a local contact We represent members in more than 170 countries across the world. Find the national committee closest to you. Find a national committee ICC Constitution Copyright and trademarks Terms and conditions Privacy ICC whistleblower policy New window Instagram New window Facebook New window Twitter New window Linkedin New window Youtube New window Flickr Respecting your privacy We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies to optimize site functionality and to give you the most relevant experience. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics Always active The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Accept all Deny Settings Save settings Settings {title} {title} {title} Respecting your privacy L5X17N4RU52RX5935Y59