Flights to Europe, Iceland and Greenland | Icelandair US Skip to content Frequent flyer Saga Club pages What is Saga Club? Earn Points You can earn Points when you book a flight and purchase various other services Member benefits Exclusive offers Log in to Icelandair Saga Club Use your Saga Points, see your transactions, register missing Points and more. Log in Sign up Book Manage booking Check in book Skip to content Flights Plan your trip Flight schedule Search all our available flights Flight status Current flight progress Check in Download the app Airports and lounges On board Baggage Seat request Meals on board Internet and entertainment Upgrade class Flight switch for travel credit Booking options Fare types Group bookings To book a flight for more than 9 people Gift certificates Corporate travel Payment methods Destinations Explore All our destinations Europe, North America, Iceland, Greenland & the Faroe Islands Stopover in Iceland Flight deals Popular cities Popular cities Flights to Reykjavík Flights to London Flights to Paris Flights to Dublin Flights to Copenhagen Flights to Berlin Popular countries Popular countries Flights to Iceland Flights to UK Flights to Switzerland Flights to Germany Flights to France Flights to Ireland Popular routes Popular routes Boston to Reykjavík New York to London Seattle to Copenhagen Boston to Dublin Chicago to Reykjavík New York to Reykjavík Vacations Explore All our packages Day tours FAQs Themed packages Northern lights The magic of winter in Iceland City breaks Day tours in Iceland Golden Circle Combine with other highlights Fly & Drive Experience Iceland on your own Spa and Wellness Relaxing lagoons in Iceland Support How can we assist you? Contact us Get help with any problems or questions you may have Rights and regulations Immigration and entry rules API, ESTA, ETA and more Customer care Terms and conditions Additional services Assistance & accessibility Travel & children Travel & animals Transit or travel in Iceland Airports in Iceland Connecting at Keflavík Airport Airport transfer to and from Keflavík My booking Log in to View or change your booking Check in Change travel dates Add an extra bag Pre-purchase a meal My booking Last name Booking reference or ticket number Manage booking Check in US Frequent flyer Saga Club pages What is Saga Club? Earn Points You can earn Points when you book a flight and purchase various other services Member benefits Exclusive offers Log in to Icelandair Saga Club Use your Saga Points, see your transactions, register missing Points and more. Log in Sign up Northern Lights City Break Roundtrip from $799 per person Book now Stopover in Iceland When you fly transatlantic with Icelandair, you can choose to add a Stopover in Iceland at no additional airfare. See more To all travelers of the world Iceland is a place that exists beyond your wildest AI prompts. It doesn't need AI enhancement, we promise. Get real Flights Vacations Hotels Cars Flights to Europe, Iceland and Greenland From To Search I'm looking for flights from ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ *Due to flight availability, the quoted prices might differ in some instances. Icelandair Saga Club Join Icelandair Saga Club You get even more from your journey with Icelandair Saga Club. Sign up today and learn more about member benefits, plus how to earn and use Saga Points. Learn more Vacations See all Flights Experience Laufey: Live in Iceland A Matter of Time, March 14 From USD 819 Per person, based on 2 adults Flights Hotel Tour Blue Lagoon and Northern Lights The best of winter in Iceland From USD 1,058 Per person, based on 2 adults Flights Hotel Faroe Islands | Flights and Hotel Three nights minimum From USD 840 Per person, based on 2 adults Flights Hotel Tour Greenland | Nuuk with tour Greenland's small-town capital city From USD 1,870 Per person, based on 2 adults Stopover Stopover in Iceland Did you know? When you travel transatlantic with Icelandair, you have the opportunity to add a Stopover in Iceland for between 1 and 7 days, at no additional airfare. Learn more Prepare for your journey Hotel stays Earn Saga Points when you book with our partner Booking.com. Car rental Earn Saga Points with our partner Rentalcars.com. eSIM Stay online abroad with easy eSIM bundles from Icelandair. Travel and entry requirements Apply for your eVisa and travel authorization electronically. Tours and Attractions Explore things to do and earn Saga Points with GetYourGuide. Flybus Skip the lines! Book a Flybus to and from Keflavík airport in Iceland. Baggage pick-up Book baggage pick-up when traveling from Iceland. Electronic bag tag Use code ICELANDAIR10 to get $10 off your electronic bag tag. Airport taxis Find the right ride for your trip. Airport parking in Germany Book and park at airports in Germany. How can we assist you? My Booking View or change your booking. You can for example change your travel dates. See more Contact us Let us help you with any problems or questions you may have. See more Baggage claim Is your baggage lost or has it been damaged? Please get in touch. See more Travel and children Baggage allowance, meals and more for the youngest passengers. See more Quick links Contact us Flight schedule Flight status Customer care Manage booking Check-in Our organization About Icelandair Icelandair Group Careers Travel agent hub Get inspired Blog Destinations Vacation packages Saga Club Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up now for the Icelandair newsletter to receive our best offers from your location. Subscribe Privacy policy Sitemap Terms and conditions Cookie policy Cookie settings ©2025 Icelandair. Flugvellir 1, 221 Hafnarfjordur, Iceland.