 
iCIMS tops the ATS market in 2025 
See the full Apps Run the World report. Get the report >
Sales +1 (848) 208-6951 | Support: +1 (800) 889-4422
Products
Community
Resources
Company
US
UK
France
See it in action
 
The enterprise hiring platform trusted by the world’s best

Global brands, high-growth companies, and industry leaders rely on iCIMS to hire top talent faster, smarter, and at scale.

Get started
2025 State of Frontline Hiring Report

Demand for qualified candidates is high, but the hiring flow is broken. Get the market insights and guidance you need to optimize your hiring process and attract the best candidates.

Get report >
2025 State of Frontline Hiring Report

Demand for qualified candidates is high, but the hiring flow is broken. Get the market insights and guidance you need to optimize your hiring process and attract the best candidates.

Get report >
All-in-one recruitment software

Build automated sourcing and nurture campaigns.

Learn more

Streamline hiring with a highly-configurable enterprise ATS.

Learn more

Become an employer of choice and build your brand.

Learn more
Experience the iCIMS Talent Cloud advantage
70%

less IT time1

#1

in ATS market share2

200+

countries and territories

Previous
Next
AI-powered recruiting platform built for talent acquisition

Our longstanding, responsible artificial intelligence program delivers proven outcomes – not smoke and mirrors like other providers. iCIMS AI is purpose-built to help simplify and accelerate your recruiting process, helping to reduce time-to-fill by as much as 50%.

Personalize candidate experiences at scale

Find the perfect match faster using machine learning

Connect talent with their next career move

Hire confidently with reliable, responsible AI integrated into your hiring team’s workflow

Explore more
Customer transformations


iCIMS helps Cheesecake Factory hire 40,000+ annually with a great candidate experience​ supported by our applicant tracking system.

“The last few years presented challenges which had a significant impact on our ability to hire at the scale and quality needed. We’ve made it easier for applicants to apply and consistently focused on the candidate experience.”

– Manager of talent systems

Read more


How a global services provider uses iCIMS to streamline hiring worldwide and improve overall productivity.

“iCIMS has transformed our recruitment process, allowing us to work more efficiently and make data-driven decisions that benefit the entire organization.”

– Global talent acquisition system manager

Read more

How Suncoast Credit Union increased applications 5x.

“We are able to hire at levels we never expected. Our C-Suite and leaders are all simply amazed.”

– Director of talent acquisition

Read more
FAQ
What is iCIMS?
How does iCIMS improve the hiring process?
Can iCIMS integrate with other platforms and job boards?
Does iCIMS support high volume hiring?
How does iCIMS enhance candidate engagement?
How does iCIMS protect candidate and company data?
Does iCIMS support global and multilingual recruiting?
What kind of training and support does iCIMS provide?
Recommended resources
How to create an RFP

Start your talent acquisition RFP process the easy way with our template.

Get template

iCIMS value calculator

Estimate the potential business value of using iCIMS Talent Cloud

Get started

December Workforce Report

U.S. and EMEA markets saw a sharp slowdown from October to November, far steeper after November than typical seasonal dips. Elevated openings paired with hiring cuts signal structural cooling as companies prioritize caution over expansion.

Read more

Learn how iCIMS can help you improve hiring

Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in iCIMS. A Sales representative will be in touch with you shortly.
Products
iCIMS Hire
Applicant tracking system
Text recruiting software
Onboarding software
Offer management
iCIMS Engage
Candidate relationship management
iCIMS Employer Branding
Career sites
Recruitment chatbot
Employee testimonial videos
AI Recruiting Software
Integrations
What's new
Solutions
By industry
Retail recruitment software
Hospital & healthcare recruiting software
Manufacturing recruitment software
Finance recruitment software
By role
CHROs & HR leaders
Talent acquisition leaders
IT leaders
HR operations leaders
By business need
Internal mobility software
High-volume hiring software
Diversity, equity, & inclusion recruiting software
Community
Success stories
Customer experience
Partner experience
Professional services
Marketplace
Resources
Resource center
Ebooks & guides
Blog
Events & webinars
Insights reports & research
Talent acquisition glossary
Value calculator
Talent maturity model
Resources for IT Leaders
Company
Corporate newsroom
About us
Leadership
Environmental, social and governance
Strategic partners
ADP
Infor
Microsoft
UKG
Careers
Contact us
   (800) 889-4422
Contact us
Talk to sales
Privacy notice | 
Terms of use | 
Cookie Settings | 
Modern Slavery Statement | 
1 Nucleus Research. Anatomy of a Decision: iCIMS
 | 
2Apps Run the World
iCIMS and its associated logo are federally registered trademarks of iCIMS, and other trademarks used herein are owned and may be registered by their respective owners.
We use cookies to provide website functionality and to analyze our traffic. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice.
Accept and Continue Reject and Continue
Cookie Settings