CFD & Forex Trading | Stocks & CFDs on Commodities | IC Markets Global CLIENT PARTNERS BLOG IC Social WebTrader Start Trading Try a Free Demo Contact Us en English 简体中文 ไทย Indonesia 한국어 Deutsch Français Español Tiếng Việt Русский عربى Italiano Български Hrvatski 繁體中文 日本語 Quickstart Trade with a high-performance trading platform Start Trading Try Free Demo Introduction Why IC Markets Global What you can trade Simple Pricing Forex Trading Raw Trader Plus NEW Your Account Live Accounts Demo Accounts How to deposit How to withdraw IC Markets Global Mobile App Trading Platform MetaTrader TradingView NEW cTrader WebTrader IC Social Signal Start ZuluTrade Trading Access Global Markets with a Multi-Asset Trading Platform Start Trading Try Free Demo Trading Accounts Accounts Overview Raw Spread cTrader Raw Spread Standard Islamic How to deposit How to withdraw Products Range of Products Forex CFDs Commodities CFDs Indices CFDs Bonds CFDs Cryptocurrency CFDs Stocks CFDs Futures CFDs Pricing Trading Conditions Spreads Trading Hours Swap Rates Platforms Trade from anywhere, on any device, at any time Start Trading Try Free Demo MetaTrader 5 & 4 MetaTrader 5 RECOMMENDED MetaTrader 4 MetaTrader WebTrader MetaTrader iPhone/iPad MetaTrader Android MetaTrader Mac cTrader cTrader cTrader Web cTrader iPhone/iPad cTrader iMac cTrader Android cTrader Automate cTrader Copy Trading TradingView TradingView Trading Tools Virtual Private Server Trading Servers MetaTrader 4 Advanced Trading Tools IC Insights Trading Central More Trade with a high-performance trading platform Start Trading Try Free Demo Company About IC Markets Global Why IC Markets Global Sponsorship NEW Contact Us Regulation Insurance Careers Education Education Overview Advantages of Forex Advantages of CFDs Web TV Webinar Podcast NEW Getting Started Tutorial Videos Help & Resources Help Centre IC Markets Global Blog Forex Calculators Economic Calendar Forex Glossary TeamViewer Cybersecurity and Scams Protecting Your Account Start Trading Start Trading Client Login Haas x IC: Igniting the Next Era of the IC Financial Ecosystem OFFICIAL FX TRADING PARTNER Learn More A new episode every fortnight: tune into uncut conversations with the people transforming the world’s biggest industries. Watch Now Experience Raw Spread Trading with a Regulated Forex & CFD Broker Trade Indices, Shares, Commodities, and Crypto with lightning-fast execution and deep liquidity across global markets. Start Trading More Choice. More Control. New accounts built for traders who decide their own path. Learn More Regional Partner Program Partner with us to launch your own trading office backed by a global brand. Learn More *Terms and Conditions apply. 0.0 Pip Spreads* 1:
                                    
                                        500 Leverage 0.01 Micro Lot Trading +2250 Tradable Instruments 24/7 DEDICATED SUPPORT EURUSD +0.04% Bid 1.16 69 2 Ask 1.16 69 2 Spread 0.0 BUY SELL AUDUSD +0.44% Bid 0.75 40 0 Ask 0.75 40 0 Spread 0.0 BUY SELL GBPUSD +0.19% Bid 1.32 58 4 Ask 1.32 59 1 Spread 0.7 BUY SELL XAUUSD +0.35% Bid 1298. 21 Ask 1298. 28 Spread 0.7 BUY SELL The Raw Spread Advantage Raw Spreads are the difference you have been waiting for. Trade with spreads from 0.0 pips, no requotes, best possible prices and no restrictions. IC Markets Global is the multi-asset trading platform of choice for high volume traders, scalpers and robots. Start Trading Try a Free Demo Spreads from 0.0 pips Raw spreads means really from 0.0 pips* Our diverse and proprietary liquidity mix keeps spreads tight 24/5 Pricing Overview Fast Order Execution Average execution speeds of under 40ms*** Low latency fibre optic and Equinix NY4 server Free Low latency collocated VPS available Get your Free VPS Institutional Grade Trading Real, deep and diverse liquidity you can trade on Reduced slippage Over 29 Billion USD in FX trades processed daily Raw Pricing Benefits US$2.05 Trillion Trading Volume - October 2025 200,000+ Active Clients Worldwide Excellent 4.8/5 Rating on TrustPilot Give your automated trading system the edge IC Markets Global is the one of the top choices for automated traders. Our order matching engine located in the New York Equinix NY4 data centre processes over 3,600,000 trades per day with over two thirds of all trades coming from automated trading systems. Powerful Trading Terminals Windows Web Browser Android MAC iOS Platforms Global Markets at Your Fingertips Forex CFDs 61 products Commodities CFDs 24 products Stocks CFDs +2100 products Index CFDs 25 products Bond CFDs 9 products Cryptocurrency CFD 21 products Futures CFD 4 products Range of Markets Our strength is in the numbers IC Markets Global is one of the largest Forex CFD providers in the world by trading volume. Start Trading Try a Free Demo 3,600,000 Trades Per Day Equinix NY4 Trading Hub at New York 60% Algo trades (% of all trades) Your money, your way Instant Deposit Fast Withdrawal 0% Commission Payment methods For more information on deposits, withdrawals and how to fund your trading account, Go here Open an account in 4 simple steps 1 Register Choose an account type and complete our fast and secure application form 2 Verify Use our digital onboarding system for fast verification 3 Fund Fund your trading account using a wide range of funding methods 4 Trade Start trading on your live account and access +2,100 instruments Open an account Trade on the go with IC Markets Global mobile app Easy monitoring 24/7 Support Multiple payment methods Skill up with weekly IC Markets Global WEBINARS Upcoming Webinars Instant account opening & funding Trade within minutes! Get Started Try a Free Demo IC Markets Global mission is to create the best trading experience for retail and institutional clients alike, allowing traders to focus more on their trading. Built by traders for traders IC Markets Global is dedicated to offering superior spreads, execution and service. Forex Trading Accounts Overview Open an Account Launch Web Trader Cybersecurity and Scams Trading Specifications Spreads and Commissions Range of Products Trading Hours Funding Withdrawal About IC Markets Global Help Centre Why IC Markets Global Regulation Legal Documents Contact Us IC Markets Global is the trading name of Raw Trading Ltd, which is regulated by the Seychelles Financial Services Authority (FSA) with Securities Dealer’s license number SD018. Risk Warning: Trading Forex and CFDs carries a high level of risk to your capital and you should only trade with money you can afford to lose. Trading Forex and CFDs may not be suitable for all investors, so please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved and seek independent advice if necessary. Please read and ensure you fully understand our Risk Disclosure . Restricted Countries: Raw Trading Ltd does not provide services for residents of certain countries such as the United States of America, Canada, Israel, New Zealand, Iran and North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) or a country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. You must be 18 years old, or of legal age as determined in your country. Upon registering an account with Raw Trading Ltd, you acknowledge that you are registering at your own free will, without solicitation on behalf of Raw Trading Ltd. Raw Trading Ltd does not direct its website and services to any individual in any country in which the use of its website and services are prohibited by local laws or regulations. When accessing this website from a country in which its use may or may not be prohibited, it is the user's responsibility to ensure that any use of the website or services adheres to local laws or regulations . Raw Trading Ltd does not affirm that the information on its website is suitable for all jurisdictions. Raw Trading Ltd registered in Seychelles with registration number: 8419879-1, is regulated by the Financial Services Authority of Seychelles with License number: SD018. Risk Warning: Trading Derivatives carries a high level of risk to your capital, and you should only trade with money you can afford to lose. Trading Derivatives may not be suitable for all investors, so please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved and seek independent advice if necessary. Information displayed through the IC Social application shall not be construed as containing investment advice or an investment recommendation or, an offer of or solicitation for any transactions in financial instruments. Past performance is not a guarantee of or prediction of future performance. Any analysis displayed through the IC Social application does not constitute a personal recommendation and does not consider your personal investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation or needs. Raw Trading Ltd makes no representation and assumes no liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided, nor any loss arising from any investment based on a recommendation, forecast, or other information displayed through the IC Social application. The information displayed through the IC Social application is not intended for any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. Raw Trading Ltd does not endorse any of the material contained in Chats or Chat groups. Such material should not be regarded by you as investment advice, a personal recommendation, an incentive, or an inducement to trade. You should undertake your own independent research and investment decision as to whether a trading strategy, style, portfolio is appropriate for you. Information posted on the IC Social portal can only act as input to the process. Legal Documents © 2025 Raw Trading Ltd | All rights reserved. Trustpilot Open an Account 24/7 Support