Icomera - Smart Connectivity Solutions for Public Transportation Icomera - An Equans Company Icomera Company About Icomera Success Stories News Events Careers Our Commitments Our Team Resources Solutions Overview Satellite Connectivity for Rail Passenger Wi-Fi GoView Onboard Entertainment Digital Video Surveillance Automatic Passenger Counting Real-Time Passenger Information Transport Accessibility Products SureWAN™ Aggregation Protocol 5G Mobile Connectivity & Applications Routers ICONIC Monitoring & Management Software Wi-Fi 7 Access Points Services DG8 Industrial Design and Engineering Field Engineering Services Network Operations Centre Support Get in touch Search Unifying satellite, cellular and trackside connectivity. We design, buil d and deliver solutions that help rail operators capture new opportunities and break barriers. Explore our solutions Ingenuity. We use creativity and our deep techni cal exper tise to solve our customers’ most challenging problems. See ingenuity in action Intelligence. We use data and insight to help our customers make better business decisions. See intelligence at work Inspiration. We elevate our customers and each other to achieve more than they thought possible. Find inspiration here Signals of success View all success stories Northern: Connected Video- and AI-Based Technologies Through their long-standing collaborative partnership, Northern and Icomera have tested several exciting new innovations such as a new Digital Video Management System (VMS), and AI video analytics. Read case study Exploring the Frontiers of Connectivity: Arctic Circle Starlink Connectivity Trial The Arctic Circle trial proved that LEO satellites can effectively support public transport networks in regions with comparatively low cellular network capacity, offering a viable alternative where traditional infrastructure falls short. Read more Flytoget: IoT-Enabled Trains and High-Speed Connectivity Flytoget has leveraged the power of Icomera’s wireless Internet connectivity & applications hosting platform to deliver a leading customer experience and transform its trains into some of the “world’s largest moving IoT devices”. Read case study Solutions View all solutions Satellite Connectivity Automatic Passenger Counting Passenger Wi-Fi Satellite connectivity Icomera’s satellite connectivity solution for trains enables transport operators to enhance their onboard connectivity strategy by integrating high-throughput, low-latency Internet. By combining satellite networks with cellular and trackside networks, operators can deliver seamless passenger Wi-Fi and operational connectivity, even in the most remote and challenging environments. Read more Automatic Passenger Counting AI-enhanced passenger counting solutions help operators maintain a clear overview of carriage load and can a ssist pass engers in finding a free seat or quiet carriage. ICONIC APC is an advanced, camera-based AI video analytics application which l everages c utting-ed g e machine le arning technology, optical data from cameras, and geolocation, to count passengers with an accuracy rating of over 98%. Read more Passenger Wi-Fi Icomera’s in-vehicle mobile connectivity and applications routers utilise our SureWA N t echnology to provide the fastest, most reliable Wi-Fi connection available for passengers. Our Wi-Fi solutions have been installed on tens of thousands of vehicles across the globe, serving millions of passengers every day. Read more Routes without borders 30 Countries with Icomera installs 2.2 M+ Connected passengers every day 28000 Vehicles connected worldwide Who we work with We work with many operators across rail, road & sea around the globe. Here is a small selection of them: News & Insights View all Icomera Welcomes Christophe Boivineau as New CFO 9 December 2025 Icomera, the world’s leading provider of onboard connectivity for public transport, welcomes Christophe Boivineau as its new Chief Financial Officer and member of Icomera’s Executive Committee. Based in Gothenburg, Christophe brings over 30 years of experience in senior finance roles across technology-driven businesses, including Orange, Atos and Idemia. Icomera Congratulates CTO Mats Karlsson on Receiving Sweden’s Polhem Prize 2025 19 November 2025 Icomera today congratulates its Chief Technology Officer, Mats Karlsson, on being awarded the Polhem Prize (Polhemspriset) 2025, Sweden’s foremost distinction for outstanding technological innovation. Bestowed by the Swedish Association of Graduate Engineers, Engineers of Sweden, and named after the pioneering inventor Christopher Polhem, the prize honours innovations that have reached the market and proven competitive. Icomera Achieves Major Cybersecurity Milestone with IEC 62443-4-1 Certification 7 October 2025 IEC 62443-4-1 certification, which assesses the processes behind product development, verifies that Icomera fulfils the requirements for the secure development of products across their entire life cycle – This includes defining security requirements, secure design, secure implementation, verification and validation, defect management, patch management and product end-of-life. Icomera - An Equans Company Icomera Company About Icomera Careers Legal & Certifications Friendly WiFi Support Get in Touch Sitemap Partners Connect With Us LinkedIn Instagram X Sign up for our newsletter Email © 2025 Icomera AB. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Privacy Policy Main navigation Search Get in Touch About Icomera About Icomera Overview Our Commitments Our Team Our Solutions Our Solutions Overview Centralised Connectivity Platform Centralised Connectivity Platform SureWAN™ Aggregation Protocol 5G Mobile Connectivity & Applications Routers ICONIC Monitoring & Management Software Satellite Connectivity for Rail TraXside™ Connectivity Wi-Fi 7 Access Points Passenger Experience Passenger Experience Passenger Wi-Fi GoView Onboard Entertainment Real-Time Passenger Information Transport Accessibility Passenger Feedback & Sentiment Analysis Safety & Operational Efficiency Safety & Operational Efficiency Digital Video Surveillance Automatic Passenger Counting Telematics Design, Installation & Support Design, Installation & Support DG8 Industrial Design and Engineering Field Engineering Services Network Operations Centre Success Stories News Events Careers Resources Common Questions Passenger Support Dark mode LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Icomera uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and to analyse site performance. By clicking on "Accept All Cookies", you authorize the use of cookies and their default settings. To change your cookie preferences, click on "Cookies Settings". For more information, please refer to our Cookies Policy . Accept All Cookies Cookies Settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Cookies Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics reCAPTCHA Cookies Overview When you visit the Icomera website, a cookie may be installed on your browser depending on your preferences. Cookies allow us to save preferences for you, so that you won’t have to re-enter them the next time you visit. Cookies also track and differentiate visits; these cookies enable us to measure traffic and improve the usability of the website. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Analytics This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled reCAPTCHA This website uses reCAPTCHA – If you turn reCAPTCHA off, forms will not function properly. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Changes