Iconosquare: Analytics-First Social Media Management Tool Features Features Analytics Track, analyze, and optimize performance. Reporting Export your social media insights. Scheduling Schedule posts across platforms. Collaboration Submit your content for approval. Conversations Engage audiences in real-time. Listening Monitor competitors and your brand. AI-powered tools Fuel your creativity with AI. releases Product updates NEW (X) Twitter X (Twitter) Scheduling is here! You can now draft, schedule, and publish posts on X (Twitter) directly from Iconosquare! Plan and manage your X content alongside your other social profiles to keep your strategy consistent across platforms. Easily preview and fine-tune your posts for each network, and take advantage of our AI-powered caption assistant for tone and hashtag suggestions. ‍ Solutions Sectors Agencies Streamline multi-client social management. Multi-location brands Establish a unified brand presence. Food and beverage Taste better social media management. Fashion and beauty Glow beyond social media trends. Health, wellness and sport Build a loyal community. Retail and e-commerce Turn followers into shoppers. Channels Instagram Facebook Tiktok Linkedin X (Twitter) Pinterest Threads YouTube Check out all our integrations Resources NEW Tools & insights Free resources New Free tools New Customer stories Blog Podcast Iconosquare Academy Help center Downloadables Ebook Social Media Trends in 2025 Tool Social Media Calendar 2025 Pricing Log in Get a demo Try for free Try for free Book a demo Try for free Try Iconosquare with a 14-day free trial Analytics-first social media management Everything you need to plan, post, and perform, in one platform SOCIAL NETWORKS SUPPORTED Get a demo Try for free 2 weeks free, no card required 💙 - Cancel anytime G2 Capterra Advanced Analytics Custom Reporting Ultimate Scheduler Seamless Collaboration Unified Conversations Intelligent Listening AI-Powered Tools With Iconosquare, take your social media to the next level +10K brands and agencies trust us worldwide 800K posts published in 2024 65B impressions generated in 2024 +2M reports created in 2024 Explore Iconosquare social media management features Save time, drive results. Amplify your social media impact. Our user-friendly social media management platform helps you schedule content, track performance, engage audiences and collaborate across teams. Turn hours of work into minutes and focus on what drives growth. Analytics & Reporting Track your social media performance Go beyond basic metrics with Iconosquare’s unified analytics and reporting tools. Turn raw data from Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok, Pinterest and YouTube into actionable strategies to boost engagement, refine content, and prove ROI. Explore our features Monitor 100+ real-time metrics across social media accounts, posts, and platforms. Identify best times to post to boost engagement or reach. Build exportable, custom dashboards with metrics aligned to your business goals. Generate automated, customizable and presentation-ready reports. Scheduling & Publishing Schedule your social media content Plan and schedule posts for Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok, X (Twitter), Pinterest, and Threads with our intuitive and centralized social media calendar. Explore our features Auto-publish across multiple platforms and accounts at once. Generate captions , hashtags, and ideas instantly. Determine the best times to post for maximum engagement or reach. Organize and store your assets in a centralized media library. Team collaboration Collaborate seamlessly with your team Break down silos and align team members, clients, and stakeholders. From real-time feedback to approvals and role-based access, simplify your social media workflow with our collaborative tools. Explore our features Submit posts for review , collect feedback, and keep drafts private until you’re ready to publish. Share your content calendar outside the platform. Customize access levels to control workflows and feedback. Share dashboards between team members , providing teams with a shared view of the same key metrics. Conversations Manage your conversations, from comments to mentions Centralize all your social media interactions with our engagement tools. Track and respond to comments, mentions, and direct messages across platforms instantly. Explore our features Quickly reply to your social media conversations in one unified inbox. Moderate comments efficiently. Protect your brand’s reputation by ensuring you never miss a mention. Fairly and instantly pick winners from Instagram giveaways or contests. Social Listening Benchmark trends and monitor competitor's activity Stay ahead of the competition with our social listening and monitoring tool. Adapt your strategy using real-time data, actionable insights, and customizable reports. Explore our features Track your competitors’ performance across platforms. Benchmark industry trends within your sector. Monitor the performance of selected hashtags. Generate actionable listening reports. AI-Powered Tools Get an extra dose of inspiration with your AI assistant Spend less time brainstorming and more time creating with our AI-powered content suite. Experience smarter, faster content creation that aligns with your brand voice and audience preferences. Explore our AI tools Generate fresh content ideas in seconds , tailored to your goals and industry. Auto-generate captions , hashtags, and emojis for your social media posts. Refine and adapt posts by adjusting tone, translating content, and polishing messaging to match your brand voice. Get recommended posting windows on every platform, based on your performances. Integrations No more switching between tabs! Centralize your social media actions in one place. With Iconosquare integrations, automate, schedule, personalize, share and analyze social media content for your favorite networks. Check out all our integrations Iconosquare was designed with YOU in mind Searching for your new social media management software? Look no further. Multi-locations & Franchises Small & Medium Businesses Agencies Multi-locations & Franchises Balance global brand consistency with local engagement—without losing control or time. Assign role-based permissions for each location. Track mentions, comments, and competitors in every region. Enforce brand consistency by monitoring all accounts centrally. Identify top-performing regions, spot underperforming areas, and reallocate resources to maximize impact. Generate unified reports to measure performance across regions and adjust strategies globally or locally. Check out our features Small & Medium Businesses Do more with less—save time, grow your brand, and stay consistent without the overwhelm. Manage all social profiles in one place. Schedule posts in advance to stay consistent, even during busy seasons. Generate AI-powered content ideas and polished posts in seconds. Track performance with built-in, easy-to-understand analytics. Protect your brand reputation with social listening and monitoring. Check out our features Agencies Get rid of manual reporting chaos, client approval bottlenecks, and time wasted juggling tools. Manage unlimited client accounts in one dashboard. Collaborate seamlessly with team members and clients via shared calendars and approval workflows. Generate automated, white-labeled reports for stakeholders. Benchmark competitors to refine strategies and prove ROI. Scale workflow with AI-powered content ideas and scheduling automation. Check out our features Multi-location & Franchises Multi-location & Franchises Get rid of manual reporting chaos, client approval bottlenecks, and time wasted juggling tools. Assign role-based permissions for each location Track mentions, comments, and competitors in every region Enforce brand consistency by monitoring all accounts centrally Identify top-performing regions, spot underperforming areas, and reallocate resources to maximise impact. Generate unified reports to measure performance across regions and adjust strategies globally or locally. Check out our features Small & Medium Businesses Small & medium Businesses Do more with less—save time, grow your brand, and stay consistent without the overwhelm. Manage all social profiles in one place Schedule posts in advance to stay consistent, even during busy seasons Generate AI-powered content ideas and polished posts in seconds Track performance with built-in, easy-to-understand analytics Protect your brand reputation with social listening and monitoring Check out our features Agencies Agencies Get rid of manual reporting chaos, client approval bottlenecks, and time wasted juggling tools. Manage unlimited client accounts in one dashboard Collaborate seamlessly with team members and clients via shared calendars and approval workflows Generate automated, white-labeled reports for stakeholders Benchmark competitors to refine strategies and prove ROI Scale workflow with AI-powered content ideas and scheduling automation. Check out our features We love our customers and they love us back Iconosquare customers are happy customers You too can experience top social media management and benefit from an intuitive social media tool. Don’t just take our word for it G2 Capterra 98% customer satisfaction score We are proud to offer support in 5 languages From setup to success in just 28 days What you can achieve with Iconosquare in just a month Road to social media success Today Today Start your free trial Set up your Iconosquare workspace. Connect your social profiles from Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok, X (Twitter), Pinterest, Threads, and YouTube. Invite collaborators, assign roles, and streamline your team. Explore essential tools to make your work easier. Day 14 Day 14 Subscribe to Excel Go all-in with our most complete plan: Excel. Get a personalized onboarding and training tailored to your goals. Enjoy priority support from your dedicated CSM. Start automating your social media strategy. Day 28 Day 28 Automate your socials Automate 90% of recurring tasks. Save up to 12+ hours per month on content scheduling. Analyze 100% of your social metrics from one dashboard. Generate monthly reports 10x faster and grow smarter on socials with data-driven decisions. Paula's Choice ABOUT YOU Teddy Group “The scheduler is super easy, with just a few steps I can plan my content. But what I find best of all is the entire analytics section & the individual dashboards, which makes any reporting super easy." Jolien H. Social & Community Executive, Paula's Choice “A variety of features that help analyze account performance. The social listening tool is also very useful for monitoring competitor activity. The scheduling tool is also very handy." Gabriele Rybalko Social Media Manager, ABOUT YOU “A clear and easy-to-use tool with which to have all the KPIs necessary to improve your social media strategy. Within the Teddy Group we have happily adopted Iconosquare for all our brands." Mattia Giorgi Head of AI & Innovation, Teddy Group “The scheduler is super easy, with just a few steps I can plan my content. But what I find best of all is the entire analytics section & the individual dashboards, which makes any reporting super easy." Jolien H. Social & Community Executive, Paula's Choice “A variety of features that help analyze account performance. The social listening tool is also very useful for monitoring competitor activity. The scheduling tool is also very handy." Rebecca Shipton Senior Social Executive, Gymshark “A clear and easy-to-use tool with which to have all the KPIs necessary to improve your social media strategy. Within the Teddy Group we have happily adopted Iconosquare for all our brands." Rebecca Shipton Senior Social Executive, Gymshark Paula's Choice ABOUT YOU Teddy Group Your go-to social media resources Resources for social media marketing pros Blog Stay ahead of the curve with insightful blog posts written by experts. Free social media tools Unlock a suite of free tools tailored to enhance your social media strategy. Social media resources Access actionable downloads to save time and stay ahead of trends. Help center Find answers to your questions and get the support you need. Iconosquare Companion App Manage your socials from your phone Start saving time today Try Iconosquare today! Analytics-first social media management. Made with love in Limoges, France 🥖 100% EU GDPR compliant Features Social media scheduler Social media analytics Social media reporting Social media collaboration Social media conversations Social media listening AI-powered tools Sectors Agencies Multi-location brands Food and beverage Fashion and beauty Health, wellness and sport Retail and e-commerce Channels Instagram Facebook TikTok LinkedIn X (Twitter) Pinterest Threads YouTube All our integrations Compare Iconosquare vs Hootsuite Iconosquare vs Later Iconosquare vs Sprout Social Iconosquare vs Buffer Iconosquare vs Agorapulse Iconosquare vs Metricool Iconosquare vs Loomly resources Free social media resources Customer stories Blog Podcast free tools Free social media tools Free Instagram Audit Free Facebook Audit Free Instagram Caption Generator Free Instagram Giveaway Picker Company About us CSR Careers Marketing partnerships Affiliate program Contact us Product updates Help center 100% EU GDPR compliant EN FR ES EN DE © 2025 Iconosquare All rights reserved. Terms of use Terms of subscription Privacy policy GDPR