iContact | Easy Email Marketing Platform for Businesses iContact Features Email Building Tools Growth Tools Automation Tools Insights & Analytics Tools Maximize Social Posting Strategies App Integrations iContact for Salesforce Project Based Emailing Pricing Industries Resources Blog Glossary Help Portal About Us Awards Contact Log In Sign Up Now Log In Sign Up Now Toggle Menu Easy email marketing software for your small business Unlock a Free Trial Full access for 30 days Plans starting as low as $9/month Start My Free Trial Compare Affordable Plans Flexible pricing for every business Easy and affordable View Plans & Pricing Maximize Your Email Marketing Impact with iContact Revolutionize your marketing strategy with iContact, the ultimate email marketing platform designed to boost engagement and drive conversions. Seamlessly manage campaigns, analyze performance, and personalize every interaction to captivate your audience. Join thousands of satisfied customers and unlock your brand’s full potential with iContact’s easy email marketing platform today. AI-Powered Content Assistant Say goodbye to writer’s block and hello to impactful emails that resonate with your subscribers—our AI-powered content assistant is your secret weapon for crafting compelling email content. Our content assistant uses the latest artificial intelligence technology to suggest personalized content ideas to keep your audience engaged. View all features Drag + Drop Builder With iContact’s drag-and-drop builder, designing stunning email campaigns has never been easier. Simply drag elements like images, text, and buttons onto your canvas, customize them to your heart’s content, and watch your vision come to life. View all features Contact Management From segmenting your audience based on demographics and behavior to automating personalized interactions, iContact’s easy email marketing platform puts the power of precision targeting at your fingertips. Our intuitive interface lets you easily import, store, and update your contact lists in one central location. Effortlessly create custom segments based on behaviors, interactions, and more to deliver personalized campaigns your audience will remember. View all features Easy Email Marketing at Affordable Prices Whether you’re a small business or a growing enterprise, our email marketing platform offers transparent pricing that fits your needs and budget. You can confidently grow your email marketing efforts without breaking the bank, with no hidden fees or surprises. Take the guesswork out of budgeting and unleash the full potential of your marketing strategy with iContact today. View pricing Plans starting at $ 9 00 MO Launch | 500 Contacts Hundreds of Predesigned Email Templates Access a library of carefully designed templates that look stunning and are easy to modify to fit your brand style. Create and customize your perfect email message in a snap. Start free trial The Best Email Marketing Software Integrations iContact works with the tools you already use. Connect thousands of apps and services to iContact through third-party integrations. Sync your contacts, update lists, automate campaigns, and more. Learn more Loved by thousands of businesses Empowering Businesses Everywhere iContact has helped over thousands of small and independent businesses since 2003 send billions of emails each month. Segment leader on G2 Crowd “I’ve been a faithful iContact customer since 2011. In that time I’ve sent out a weekly eblast every single week without fail. iContact is my primary source of marketing for my retail seafood and wine market, and I would be lost without it. While there are other formats available, and at times I’ve certainly considered switching over, I don’t regret sticking with iContact. Customer support is one of their greatest strengths, and down through the years I’ve certainly taken advantage of their expertise and have never been turned away from a phone call or had an email inquiry not returned in a reasonable amount of time.” Why iContact? Ease-of-Use Experience effortless, easy email marketing with our user-friendly email marketing platform. Our easy-to-use interface and drag-and-drop builder make it simple for anyone to create stunning campaigns in minutes. Real-Time Analytics Harness the power of real-time analytics to track campaign performance, monitor engagement metrics, and optimize your strategy on the fly. Stay ahead of the curve and propel your campaign with actionable analytics. Exceptional Support Experience exceptional support with iContact’s dedicated customer service team. Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned marketer, we can guide you every step of the way. Learn More Industry Awards & Accolades Start creating stunning marketing emails with iContact today Full access, free 30-day trial Plans starting as low as $9/month Start Your Free Trial iContact Features Email Building Tools Growth Tools Automation Tools Insights & Analytics Tools Maximize Social Posting Strategies App Integrations iContact for Salesforce Project Based Emailing Resources Blog Glossary Help Portal Report Spam Email Marketing Privacy Policy Anti-Spam Policy Data Processing Schedule Terms and Conditions Company About Us Awards Careers Partner Agreement Affiliate Program CASL GDPR Stay in Touch Have questions or need assistance? Connect with us through our contact form and we’ll get back to you promptly. AdChoices Do Not Sell My Personal Information Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Instagram © 2022–2025 J2 Martech Corp, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. iContact is a registered trademark of J2 Martech Corp.