You're Safe With Us | iContact iContact Features Email Building Tools Growth Tools Automation Tools Insights & Analytics Tools Maximize Social Posting Strategies App Integrations iContact for Salesforce Project Based Emailing Pricing Industries Resources Blog Glossary Help Portal About Us Awards Contact Log In Sign Up Now Log In Sign Up Now Toggle Menu You’re Safe With Us. iContact has been helping businesses succeed since 2003. You found this page because you received an email from one of our valued customers. It is our mission to make certain that we protect our customers’ messages so that they always reach the inbox, and the recipient recognizes the source of the message. We are dedicated to ensuring our customers are safe-senders and that they comply with our Anti-Spam Policies . If you are interested in working with an email marketing company who always has your back, try us today . Get Started Now We’ve been extremely pleased with the level of service we’ve received from iContact. As a creative team, we often have initiatives with many moving parts. iContact has taken the time to understand our business and has offered strategic solutions to solve our email marketing challenges, large and small. – April Jennings, Brightwing, Marketing/Public Relations Director iContact Features Email Building Tools Growth Tools Automation Tools Insights & Analytics Tools Maximize Social Posting Strategies App Integrations iContact for Salesforce Project Based Emailing Resources Blog Glossary Help Portal Report Spam Email Marketing Privacy Policy Anti-Spam Policy Data Processing Schedule Terms and Conditions Company About Us Awards Careers Partner Agreement Affiliate Program CASL GDPR Stay in Touch Have questions or need assistance? Connect with us through our contact form and we’ll get back to you promptly. AdChoices Do Not Sell My Personal Information Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Instagram © 2022–2025 J2 Martech Corp, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. iContact is a registered trademark of J2 Martech Corp.