International IDEA Skip to main content Search Text size A 100% A 150% A 200% Language: English English Spanish Main navigation Home About us About us Governance Our People Careers Partners Donors Results Framework Procurement & Tenders Annual Reports Governance login What we do Where we work Contact Contact Media Resources Whistleblower Network Explore Find our Publications, Data & Tools, News, Blogs and much more via the ‘Explore’ menu. Menu Close Main navigation Home About us About us Governance Our People Careers Partners Donors Results Framework Procurement & Tenders Annual Reports Governance login What we do Where we work Contact Contact Media Resources Whistleblower Network Explore menu Publications Data & Tools Regions Asia & the Pacific Africa & West Asia Europe Latin America & the Caribbean North America Projects & Initiatives Projects Initiatives News & Events Overview News Events Podcasts Videos Newsletters Blogs Press Releases Media resources Search Language English Spanish Font size 100% 150% 200% Download our 2025 Global In-country Postal Voting Fact Sheet today! Read more Explore The Global State of Democracy 2025 Report Learn about our 30 years of supporting democracy Learn more about our 2025 Advocacy theme Read our Annual Review 2024 Read the statement View the Global Election Monitor Read our Institutional Strategy What we do International IDEA is an intergovernmental organization (IGO) with a mandate to support sustainable democracy worldwide. Climate Change and Democracy Constitutional Governance and Rule of Law Democracy Assessment Digitalization and Democracy Electoral Processes Gender and Inclusion Money in Politics Political Participation and Representation The Global State of Democracy (GSoD) Visit our GSoD site to learn about our Democracy Tracker. Where we work We work with local communities, democracy practitioners and partner organizations all over the world. We have a global reach with offices in 20 countries. Our headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden. Activity & Reach Member States Show by theme All International IDEA's offices Active projects and programmes Support activities Reach Member States Observer What's new December 19, 2025 A sigh of relief for democracies: The adoption of the WSIS+20 Outcome Document The adoption of the WSIS+20 outcome document reveals a deeper struggle between two conflicting visions for global digital governance, shaping how the Internet will evolve in an increasingly polarized context. ... united nations artificial intelligence AI information and communications technologies December 19, 2025 Fiji strengthens electoral integrity through new partnership protecting elections December 19, 2025 Launch of the International Climate and Democracy Coalition at COP30 climate change December 18, 2025 Central Africa dialogue on gender social norms transformation youth participation inclusion gender equality women's participation Published December 18, 2025 Resisting Foreign Information Manipulation and Interference: A Stress Test for Democracies Published December 18, 2025 Resisting Foreign Information Manipulation and Interference: A Stress Test for Democracies English FIMI disinformation Georgia South Africa South Korea All News All Blogs All Events All Publications All Databases & Tools All Podcasts Initiatives Our initiatives offer a fresh approach to the pressing issues faced by democracy. The Stockholm Series of Public Lectures on Climate Change and Democracy 30 Years of Supporting Democracy at International IDEA The 2024 Global Elections Super-Cycle Global Democracy Coalition Supporting the Summits for Democracy Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project View all initiatives Projects Protecting Elections Women in Political Participation in Africa Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness in Peru View all projects The Stockholm Series of Public Lectures on Climate Change and Democracy The Stockholm Series of Public Lectures on Climate Change and Democracy (“Stockholm Series”) is a cooperation between renowned Stockholm-based institutions with a particular focus on climate change and democracy from different perspectives. It aims to inform, inspire, and engage experts and the general public alike by providing high-profile public lectures on the climate-democracy nexus, followed by debate. 30 Years of Supporting Democracy at International IDEA For 30 years, International IDEA has been a leader in providing comparative data and publications, developing capacity to enable democratic reforms, and convening  with partners to champion democratic values across the globe. The 2024 Global Elections Super-Cycle Global Democracy Coalition The Global Democracy Coalition was formed in 2021, convened by International IDEA and other democracy organizations from around the world to advance and protect democracy worldwide and to influence the Summits for Democracy. Supporting the Summits for Democracy International IDEA views the Summits for Democracy as strategic opportunities to place democracy at the front and center of the global agenda. Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project This archive is a multimedia presentation of personal experiences during founding and transitional elections through a project entitled the Stories of Democracy Project. While it is recognized that some of the countries featured in the stories are currently experiencing challenges in governance, the stories describe a time when democracy held promise for them and an aspiration which they can re-achieve. Protecting Elections Inspired by our work on electoral risk management, democracy resilience, and conduct of elections during emergencies and crises, International IDEA will develop an Integrated Framework for Protecting Elections that promote the use of risk management, resilience-building, and crisis management methods. Women in Political Participation in Africa Women in Political Participation (WPP) is a Pan-African gender project on the different facets of Women and Politics in Africa. Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations Project ‘Nyamdrel' seeks to foster engagement between the Parliament of Bhutan and the CSOs to help strengthen participation in parliamentary businesses such as in the legislative and oversight processes. To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness in Peru In the context of the preparations for the regional and municipal elections in 2022 in Peru, a cycle of seven plays was organised under the title "To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness", a production of International IDEA, USAID and the Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion (LUM, in Spanish). Initiatives The Stockholm Series of Public Lectures on Climate Change and Democracy The Stockholm Series of Public Lectures on Climate Change and Democracy (“Stockholm Series”) is a ... 30 Years of Supporting Democracy at International IDEA For 30 years, International IDEA has been a leader in providing comparative data and publications, ... The 2024 Global Elections Super-Cycle Global Democracy Coalition The Global Democracy Coalition was formed in 2021, convened by International IDEA and other democracy ... Supporting the Summits for Democracy International IDEA views the Summits for Democracy as strategic opportunities to place democracy at the ... Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project This archive is a multimedia presentation of personal experiences during founding and transitional elections through ... View all initiatives Projects Protecting Elections Inspired by our work on electoral risk management, democracy resilience, and conduct of elections during emergencies and crises, International IDEA will develop an Integrated Framework for Protecting Elections that promote the use of risk management, resilience-building, and crisis management methods. Women in Political Participation in Africa Women in Political Participation (WPP) is a Pan-African gender project on the different facets of Women and Politics in Africa. Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations Project ‘Nyamdrel' seeks to foster engagement between the Parliament of Bhutan and the CSOs to help strengthen participation in parliamentary businesses such as in the legislative and oversight processes. To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness in Peru In the context of the preparations for the regional and municipal elections in 2022 in Peru, a cycle of seven plays was organised under the title "To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness", a production of International IDEA, USAID and the Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion (LUM, in Spanish). View all projects About International IDEA International IDEA was established as an international intergovernmental organization by 14 founding Members at a conference held in Stockholm on 27 February 1995. Since then, we have influenced the landscape of democracy and electoral processes across the world. More about us Knowledge We produce and disseminate comparative knowledge, policy-relevant analysis, tools, communication products and data. Capacity Development We provide high-quality capacity development and training on democracy-building and reform processes. Convening As an impartial and trusted democracy assistance provider, we facilitate dialogues on democratic reform. Advocacy We protect and safeguard democracy when it is challenged by undemocratic and authoritarian forces. Working with us Our funding and other types of contributions come from our Member States and other financial partners. Become our partner and learn more about how we can jointly undertake actions in Value for Partnership. Contact us Whistleblower network We believe in the power of truth and transparency. This platform provides a safe space for individuals to speak out against wrongdoing. Your information will be handled with utmost confidentiality, ensuring your safety and security. Report a concern Disclaimer: The boundaries and names shown and the designations used on maps on this website do not imply official endorsement or acceptance by International IDEA or its Member States. Follow us Facebook X Youtube LinkedIn Instagram Flickr Bluesky RSS Feed All our channels Get the best of International IDEA Subscribe to our newsletter Yes, please! Need Help? Contact us International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA) Postal Address: Strömsborgsbron 1 SE-103 34 Stockholm Sweden Phone +46 8 698 37 00 Footer menu Home About us What we do Where we work Publications Data & Tools Projects Initiatives News & events Media resources Contact © 2026 International IDEA. All Rights Reserved Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Sitemap Cookie Notice Our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy have changed. Please read
              them to understand your rights and obligations, including how you can use
              our resources. By continuing to use this site,
              without changing your settings, you are indicating that you accept this
              policy. Accept all cookies Set Preferences Explore Close Explore menu Publications Data & Tools Regions Asia & the Pacific Africa & West Asia Europe Latin America & the Caribbean North America Projects & Initiatives Projects Initiatives News & Events Overview News Events Podcasts Videos Newsletters Blogs Press Releases Media resources Search en