Identifix Auto Repair Software Skip to main content BUY NOW Solutions All Solutions Diagnostics and Repair Shop Management Digital Marketing Technicians Training Merchant Services Call Center Services Shuttle Services Products All Products Overview Product Bundles Coming Soon Direct-Hit® Overview Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit® Mobile ShopCentral Digital Marketing On Demand StealthID Direct-Target XpertCX Service Suite Direct-Help Autodata Training iATN Peri Resources Common Car Problems Blogs Testimonials News and Press Videos Affiliate Program About Us Our Story FAQs Careers BUY NOW CONTACT US DIRECT-HIT® LOGIN All Solutions Diagnostics and Repair Shop Management Digital Marketing Technicians Training Merchant Services Call Center Services Shuttle Services All Products All Products Overview Overview Product Bundles Coming Soon Direct-Hit® Direct-Hit® Overview Overview Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit® Mobile ShopCentral Digital Marketing Digital Marketing Overview On Demand StealthID Direct-Target XpertCX Service Suite Direct-Help Autodata Training iATN Peri Common Car Problems Blogs Testimonials News and Press Videos Affiliate Program Our Story FAQs Careers Solutions All Solutions Diagnostics and Repair Shop Management Digital Marketing Technicians Training Merchant Services Call Center Services Shuttle Services Products All Products Overview Product Bundles Coming Soon Direct-Hit® Overview Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit® Mobile ShopCentral Digital Marketing On Demand StealthID Direct-Target XpertCX Service Suite Direct-Help Autodata Training iATN Peri Resources Common Car Problems Blogs Testimonials News and Press Videos Affiliate Program About Us Our Story FAQs Careers BUY NOW CONTACT US DIRECT-HIT® LOGIN Solutions All Solutions Diagnostics and Repair Shop Management Digital Marketing Technicians Training Merchant Services Call Center Services Shuttle Services Products All Products Overview Product Bundles Coming Soon Direct-Hit® Overview Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit® Mobile ShopCentral Digital Marketing On Demand StealthID Direct-Target XpertCX Service Suite Direct-Help Autodata Training iATN Peri Resources Common Car Problems Blogs Testimonials News and Press Videos Affiliate Program About Us Our Story FAQs Careers BUY NOW CONTACT US DIRECT-HIT® LOGIN Introducing ShopCentral The Only Cloud-Based, All-In-One Shop Management Solution Designed for Single and Multi-Shop Operators. LEARN MORE https://www.identifix.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/shopcentral-video-compressed.mp4 Featured Solution: Industry’s First AI-Powered, Cloud-Based Shop Management Solution Introducing ShopCentral Better auto repair software creates better customer experiences Boost your customers’ satisfaction by improving how they interact with your business. ShopCentral software provides auto repair shops with a best-in-class shop management solution designed to improve your customers’ interactions with your shop. By using digital technologies, customers are easily able to get repair order information and payment options. Boosting Sales in Auto Repair Shops Improving Efficiency Enhancing Customer Satisfaction Providing real-time analytics and inventory management Learn More ShopCentral Auto Repair Shop Management Software Featured Solution: Mobile Auto Repair Software DIRECT-HIT® EXPERIENCE Now including Mobile App with enhanced content. Where speed meets precision! Experience the next generation of automotive repair information delivery with enhanced content and quicker access. Direct-Hit® offers a comprehensive, full-service diagnostic solution. Direct access to OE data Over half a million ASE-certified experienced-based repairs Updated MOTOR Parts & Labor Guides Expanded OEM manual coverage Thousands of new hotline archives Extensive library of confirmed fixes Access virtual technician hotline for complex repairs Learn More Why Choose Identifix? Optimize your shop’s performance with better shop management and more auto repair information Identifix offers dependable solutions designed to enhance the profitability of auto repair shops. Direct-Hit® Auto Repair Information is a trusted source of thousands of auto repair shops. Every day, automotive technicians rely on one of the largest and most reliable auto repair databases to accurately diagnose difficult issues and repair vehicles faster the first time. Tech can now access industry-leading repair information through our all-new, all-in-one Direct-Hit experience with mobile allowing users to identify the right fix faster from a PC or a mobile device! ShopCentral is designed to empower auto repair shops to be able to quickly generate repair orders, manage jobs and review inventory, helping them run more efficiently and profitably. A total solution for auto repair, shop management, and marketing Diagnostics and Repair Diagnostics and Repair Faster Repairs, Happier Customers Solutions to help your techs repair more vehicles faster, and to help you run your shop more efficiently. LEARN MORE Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Professional auto repair software designed to provide Auto Repair Technicians information they need to diagnose and repair vehicles along with a full video library of online automotive repair training courses included in the subscription. Learn more Direct-Hit® Pro Professional auto repair and diagnostic software with access to over 3 million confirmed fixes from technicians for technicians. Direct-Hit® Pro designed to help automotive technicians diagnose and repair vehicles faster and more accurately the first time. Learn more Direct-Hit® DIY A monthly, low-cost option for do-it-yourself technicians and hobbyists. Get access to confirmed auto repair information on one specific vehicle. Learn more Direct-Help Live expert 1-on-1 automotive repair and diagnostic assistance services from technicians for technicians through Direct-Hit® Professional auto repair software. Learn more Shop Management Shop Management Unlock Your Shop’s Full Potential Simplifies shop management for businesses large and small to help them run more efficiently and profitably. LEARN MORE ShopCentral Online auto repair software helps simplify your management process and provides the right tools to help you run your operation more efficiently and more profitably. Learn more Digital Marketing Digital Marketing Turn a Single Repair into a Lifelong Customer Ready-made marketing campaigns designed by experts to bring customers back to your shop for tire services, brakes, oil changes, scheduled maintenance and more. LEARN MORE Direct-Market Ready-made marketing campaigns designed by automotive marketing experts to bring customers back to your shop for tire services, brakes, oil changes, scheduled maintenance and more. Learn more Direct-Target Professional agency digital marketing services for auto repair shops designed to find new, profitable customers with highly target and proven digital campaigns. Learn more Technicians Training Technicians Training Learn What You Need, When You Need It Easy access to Auto Repair information and training to increase productivity. LEARN MORE Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Professional auto repair software designed to provide Auto Repair Technicians information they need to diagnose and repair vehicles along with a full video library of online automotive repair training courses included in the subscription. Learn more Autodata Training Online automotive technician training covering 9 fundamental areas of study, 79 online course, 350+ 8-10 minutes training modules for beginner to expert level techs. Learn more iATN.net Auto mechanics ask questions and search millions of real-world discussions about automotive repairs and challenges.  Learn best practices and ways to work more efficiently from industry professionals.  Become a member of the network. Learn more About us Identifix, a Solera company, supplies a suite of products that help auto repair shops grow their business and become more profitable. For repairs, our flagship Direct-Hit® auto repair software offers over 3 million technician confirmed fixes , OEM manuals , wiring diagrams , labor guides , as well as a full library of helpful automotive training modules. We also provide technician-to-technician support from our live Direct-Help experts who offer 1-on-1 automotive repair and diagnostic assistance. For shop management, we offer industry leading ShopCentral platform. For digital marketing , we offer a full suite of services that help shops find new customers and communicate with current ones. 0 K+ Interactive wiring diagrams 0 K+ Repair shops globally 0 M+ Repair orders 0 %+ On-the-road vehicles coverage 0 M+ Experience-based diagnostic and repair documents Customer Quotes Mike Schiller, Golden Nugget Automotive – Gardnerville, Nevada “About 5 years ago, I started using Identifix Direct-Hit. It helped my techs cut to the chase and repair many weird problems correctly the first time. As technology advanced and computers started sharing functions in many different systems, finding the actual problem became easier and more profitable using Identifix. As a result of subscribing to Identifix, my bottom line has improved by as much as 20% each month, and customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. I recommend this service to anyone who wants to run a more profitable shop.” Mike Matesic, Beverly Tire & Auto – Barrie, Ontario “Our Company has been using Identifix for a little over a year now. We have definitely noticed an increase in preventative maintenance sales as well as our techs having greater success with difficult repair situations. We pride ourselves on having some of the best technicians in the industry and having the type of information that Identifix provides at the tip of our fingers definitely assists our shops in running more efficiently and in turn raises tech productivity. Many of our customers have commented that they love the information that is provided to them after going over the Factory Scheduled Maintenance report with them. We believe in the tool and will continue using Identifix to further our success and to assist us in offering great customer service.” David Dansereau, LAD’s Auto – Calgary, Alberta “Having access to dealer information is key to our business, and the amount of information available in Identifix with OEM Direct is staggering. Using our other online resource can sometimes be cumbersome and tedious, but accessing diagnostic and repair information in Identifix’s Hotline Archives is incredible. I am a big believer that the person with the most information wins, and we look forward to our continued relationship with Identifix.” Glenn Mitchell, Sav-Mor Auto Clinic – Orem, Utah “Identifix has been a great time saver for my techs and has allowed us to repair vehicles that we would have otherwise turned away. The new OEM information is easy to find and now makes it possible for us to complete even more repairs. I recommend this tool to any shop owner.” Keith Noel, Noel Automotive – West Branch, Iowa “I would like to thank Identifix for adding the new OEM sections to the web site. Right away I noticed how much more information was available. The component locator was always nice but now way better with actual factory pics. The tear down and removal procedures are much needed as cars change and I can hardly keep up with them. Wiring diagrams are also nicer and more complete. I’m still finding new portions to the site that I haven’t used before. European information is always at a premium so I hope to see more from that too. Keep up the good work!” Josie Switzer, AutoTrust Service Corp. – Steptler, Alberta “To serve our valued customers properly we need to be equipped with accurate and up-to-date tools. Identifix is one of these tools. Not only is Identifix used by our Technicians on a daily basis, but by our whole team. The quality information that Identifix provides aids us in informing and educating our customers. Thank you, Identifix, for providing us with such a service.” SPEAK WITH AN EXPERT “*” indicates required fields First name* (Required) Last Name (Required) Phone (Required) Email (Required) Select business type (Required) SELECT BUSINESS TYPE* Repair Shop Body Shop Muffler Shop Radiator Shop Glass Shop Transmission Shop Fleet Repair Facility Salvage Dealership Government Training Facility or School Personal Vehicle Other Business name (Required) Select Country (Required) SELECT COUNTRY* United States Canada Mexico Postal code* (Required) Product of interest (Required) SELECT PRODUCT OF INTEREST* Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Help ShopCentral (Shop Manager) Direct-Market Direct-Target Autodata Training Credit Card Solutions Bundling (Required) INTERESTED IN BUNDLING MULTIPLE PRODUCTS?* Yes No SELECT ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS OF INTEREST (Required) Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Help ShopCentral Direct-Market Direct-Target Autodata Training Credit Card Solutions How can we help you? By submitting this form, I agree to be contacted via phone, email or SMS by Identifix, LLC and accept your Privacy Policy . Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. × Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit ® DIY is specifically designed for personal vehicle owners or hobbyists. It gives you access to professional repair information for 1 vehicle. Specify your make and model and buy now. BUY NOW × We Want To Hear From You Request a demo and see how we can improve your business. "*" indicates required fields " * " indicates required fields First name * Last name * Phone Email * Business Name * Postal code* * By submitting this form, I agree to be contacted via phone, email or SMS by Identifix, LLC and accept your Privacy Policy . × Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit ® DIY is specifically designed for personal vehicle owners or hobbyists. It gives you access to professional repair information for 1 vehicle. Specify your make and model and buy now. BUY NOW X Contact us Copyright 2026 Solera Identifix A Solera solution solera.com All Rights Reserved Solutions All Solutions Diagnostics and Repair Shop Management Digital Marketing Technicians Training Peri by Solera Merchant Services Call Center Services Shuttle Services Products All Products Direct-Hit® Direct-Hit® Pro Academy Direct-Hit® Pro Direct-Hit® DIY Direct-Hit® Mobile ShopCentral Direct-Help Direct-Market Direct-Target Autodata Training iATN On Demand StealthID XpertCX Service Suite Resources Common Car Problems Blogs Testimonials News and Press Videos Newsletter Sign Up About Us Our Story FAQs Careers Privacy Cookie preferences Exercise Your Rights Terms of Use System Requirements Sitemap