Neo Veterinary Software | Cloud-Based Software | IDEXX Veterinary Software Skip to main content Go to IDEXX.com Toggle navigation Products Toggle sub-navigation Practice Management Toggle sub-navigation Practice Management ezyVet Neo Client Engagement Toggle sub-navigation Client Engagement Vello Workflow & More Toggle sub-navigation Workflow & More Payments rVetLink SmartFlow Vet Radar Petly Plans Hardware & Supplies Integrations Toggle sub-navigation Vello SmartFlow Vet Radar Diagnostics By Practice Management Software Toggle sub-navigation By Practice Management Software Cornerstone ezyVet Neo View All Integrations Resources Toggle sub-navigation Education Toggle sub-navigation Education Blog Posts Case Studies Webinars Guides Insights Toggle sub-navigation Insights Why More Veterinary Practices Are Switching to Cloud Software Managing Change Practice Efficiency Client Engagement Improve Veterinary Team Morale with Software Veterinary Software Comparison Guide Support Toggle sub-navigation Support Current Cornerstone Current Neo Current ezyVet IDEXX.com Book a Demo Toggle Search Search Neo Veterinary Software Running a veterinary practice is complicated—your software shouldn’t be. Discover brilliantly simple practice management software with the flexibility of the cloud. ​ Get started for free Complete everyday tasks 5x faster. 1 Neo Software simplifies day-to-day operations with an intuitive interface that's easy to set up, learn, and use. Watch to learn more. Drive increased efficiency in your veterinary practice. Complete common tasks up to 5x faster with intuitive software designed to simplify your everyday workflows. 1 Access your clinic data everywhere via the cloud. Review practice information on any internet connected device, anywhere – from your smartphone, tablet, or desktop.  ​ Get up and running quickly. Get started quickly with easy data conversion, built-in training tools, and a dedicated support team. Access embedded functionality from a single system.  ​ Option to add-on subscriptions for integrated payments and Vello client engagement functionality, all managed and recorded within Neo. Features that make a difference for veterinary teams Practice dashboard Keep an eye on daily activity with a digestible overview of overdue invoices, reminders due, draft invoices, and more. Patient workflow Get one-click access to complete patient history, preformatted exam notes, a master diagnosis list, and low/high estimates. Simplified scheduling View and easily manage appointments with the ability to start a consultation directly from within the scheduler. Seamless payments Collect payments, capture digital signatures, and sync payment history faster from within the payments portal. Client communications Essential tools for each interaction. Flexible reporting Review performance with one click. View all features Latest Resources Blog Posts Digital Marketing Tips for Modern Veterinary Practices Social media, digital marketing, and a general online presence are no longer novelties in the veterinary world—they’re absolute necessities. While word-of-mouth marketing and community involvement still have their places, digital strategies meet the expectations and demands of the modern pet owner. Read more View Blog Posts Case Studies How did Neo help a busy practice save money AND see 30% more patients? Is “Should I stay or should I go?” about breaking up with your veterinary software? Ask Enrika Hinojosa. The practice manager at Edinburg-McAllen Veterinary Services, Enrika generally liked the popular software her practice used—until she had to invest in a new server and workstations. Read more View Case Studies Guides Workflows that Flow How Integrated Cloud-Based Software Eliminates Friction and Enhances Efficiency Read more View Guides View All Resources Simple pricing options fit for your practice Cut costs with affordable pricing, no surprise fees, and room to grow based on your needs. View Pricing See the brilliant simplicity of Neo Software for yourself Book A Demo Because Neo is so simple, we can literally see four or five extra clients per week. That’s allowed us to grow and add two doctors to our practice in the last year. Dr. Gina Finney Veterinarian/Owner Valet Vet Mobile Veterinary Services Choosing Neo Software took a lot of worry off my plate because there’s low up-front cost, no capital investment, and it’s easy to get started. Dr. Evan Ware Veterinarian/Owner Laveen Veterinary Center It’s really neat that IDEXX listens to what the users ask for and constantly updates Neo. Support is phenomenal, always very quick. Candice Barber Office Manager Acadian Animal Hospital Reference Data on file at IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. Westbrook, Maine, USA. Veterinary software built for smart practice management, effective communication, and meaningful client engagement. Go to idexx.com Footer Veterinary software ezyVet Software Neo Software Cornerstone Software Vello SmartFlow Vet Radar Current customers Cornerstone Customers Neo Customers ezyVet Customers Helpful tools Marketing Your Veterinary Practice: A Step-by-Step Guide to Success Top Veterinary Software Solutions: A 2025 Comparison Guide Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Statement Cookie List Top