iDownloadBlog – Apple Blog: iPhone • Watch • iOS • Mac Sections Tips Wallpapers Abstract Wallpapers Apple Wallpapers City Wallpapers Colorful Wallpapers Fantasy Wallpapers Geometric Wallpapers Gradient Wallpapers Landscape Wallpapers Minimalist Wallpapers Nature Wallpapers Sky Wallpapers Space Wallpapers TV & Movies Wallpapers Video Games Wallpapers Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Devices iPhone iPad Vision Pro Apple Watch Mac Apple TV AirPods AirTag HomePod Our Apps iDB app Compress Photos Compress Videos Contact Groups Event Countdown EXIF Metadata Export Contact Export Contacts to Excel PDF Calendar Photos to PDF Reposter for Instagram Split Video Math Facts Deals Latest Deals Best prepaid plans AirPods Deals Top Picks Best iPhone 15 cases Best USB-C Cables Best MagSafe Tripods Best iPhone Stands for FaceTime More Top Picks More Accessories Download About Contact Follow us iDB app iDB podcast Newsletter X Facebook YouTube Instagram RSS How to make iPhone screen flash for calls and texts in iOS 26 Ankur Thakur ∙ December 30, 2025 Learn about the new screen flash feature on iPhone and iPad in iOS 26 that flashes the entire display when you get a call, text, or app notification. Read More How to turn off AirPods charging case sounds Ankur Thakur ∙ December 29, 2025 In this quick tutorial, we’ll tell you about AirPods charging case sounds and how to turn them off if you don’t like them. Read More 2026 New Year’s Eve fireworks iPhone wallpapers Jim Gresham ∙ December 28, 2025 Everyone around the world is approaching 2026. In just several days, we will experience that beginning of a new trip around the sun. For many, the time notes an opportunity to form new habits, improve relationships, or achieve new goals. In most cultures, the calendar new year is celebrated with massive firework displays. Download these 2026 happy new year fireworks wallpapers for iPhone to prep for December 31! Read More How to add family members to your Apple Account Ankur Thakur ∙ December 26, 2025 Learn how to add your spouse, kids, and family members to your Apple’s digital Family Sharing group to share purchases, subscriptions, manage parental controls, keep track of each other’s locations, and more. Read More How to stop getting spam RCS messages on iPhone and Android Ankur Thakur ∙ December 25, 2025 Check out this quick tip to address RCS spam and unsolicited business texts on iPhone or Android phone to keep your Messages app clean and organized. Read More Light abstract wallpapers for iPhone Ankur Thakur ∙ December 24, 2025 If you’re in the mood to make your iPhone Lock Screen lighter, brighter, calmer, and colorful, these abstract wallpapers might be exactly what you’re looking for. All these digital images feature simple shapes and textures, with the perfect color combinations that complement on-screen widgets, clocks, and icons without overshadowing them. Try them out to enhance the usability and aesthetics of your Lock Screen and Home Screen. Read More Fix AirPods volume controls not working Ankur Thakur ∙ December 24, 2025 Go through these quick troubleshooting tips if you’re unable to change the call, music, video, or podcasts volume directly from your AirPods. Read More When does your iPhone warranty start? Ankur Thakur ∙ December 23, 2025 In this quick post, we go over some basic facts about when the warranty for your new iPhone or other Apple device starts. Read More How to turn your Mac screen into a ring light during video calls Ankur Thakur ∙ December 22, 2025 Learn how to use the new Edge Light feature in macOS Tahoe 26 that adds a simple but functional ring light around the display to improve your video call quality in low light conditions. Read More Apple icons ugly sweater wallpapers by BasicAppleGuy Jim Gresham ∙ December 21, 2025 As the holiday season continues to march forward, the time for your ugly sweater collection is nigh. If you are the one at a holiday party sporting the most epic, ugly sweater, this collection is for you. Digitally “sewing” each individual stitch, @BasicAppleGuy offers his labor of love in the last five years of Apple ugly sweater iPhone wallpapers. Read More How to unlink phone number from your Apple account Ankur Thakur ∙ December 19, 2025 Learn how to disassociate your phone number from your Apple Account and remove it from nearly all places on your iPhone, iPad, or Mac. Read More Glass butterfly wallpapers for iPhone Ankur Thakur ∙ December 18, 2025 Apple’s introduction of the Liquid Glass software design language has led to a rise in glassy skins from other Android phone makers. Designers and digital artists have also jumped abroad, launching translucent app icons, app menus, and of course, wallpapers. Seemingly inspired by that, today’s wallpaper collection features three glassy digital wallpapers showing one half of a butterfly. Try these on your iPhone or Android phone Lock Screen and Home Screen, and let us know what you think! Read More Older Articles > Featured Stories How to make iPhone screen flash for calls and texts in iOS 26 How to turn off AirPods charging case sounds 2026 New Year’s Eve fireworks iPhone wallpapers How to add family members to your Apple Account How to stop getting spam RCS messages on iPhone and Android Download the iDB app About Contact Disclosure Privacy Unsubscribe 2025 © iDownloadBlog.com  This website is not affiliated with Apple.