IDX/MLS by IDX Broker ® - Multiple Listing Service Search Tools for Realtors and Real Estate Websites Thank You! Thank you for your interest in IDX Broker! We look forward to connecting. Can't wait? Take a Tour of our application, or see how some of our most successful clients have integrated IDX search with their sites . Call Email Order Plans & Pricing MLS/IDX Search IDX Broker ® Core IDX Broker ® Engage Websites with IDX IDX Broker ® Elite Compare Plans Compare Plans Benefits Simple and Effective Search Fully Customizable - Make it Yours Lead Metrics That Deliver Ideal Lead User Experience Protect Your Site with SSL IMPress for IDX Broker WordPress Plugin Showcase Sold Listings Sophisticated IDX Lead Routing Easy Agent Management Example Sites MLS Coverage MLS Data Providers REALTOR® Boards Help Take a Tour Find a Developer Integrations Knowledgebase What is IDX? IDX Webinars Contact Us Order now Login Order Now Your Key to Providing Streamlined and Effortless Search Experiences Customizable Home Search, Websites, and Lead Management Solutions Take a Tour +32 Your Key to Providing Streamlined and Effortless Search Experiences Customizable Home Search and Lead Management Solutions Take a Tour Join Top Real Estate Firms Using Our IDX Solutions Engage Fully Custom Showcase your expertise and enhance your client experience by offering monthly overviews of the real estate market at a local level. Take a Tour Your browser does not suppor the video tag. IDX Broker is built for you For Agents Whether you want to add IDX functionality to an existing website or want a new fully hosted turnkey website, we have a solution that will provide a customized and effortless search experience to your clients. Teams & Broker Provide customized IDX solutions for your entire agent group. Exclusive features available including agent rosters, bio pages, and lead routing to ensure an opportunity is never missed! Developers Explore the IDX Broker Developer Program for a true partnership. Get rewarded for bringing the magic of IDX Broker Core or IDX Broker Engage to life in your real estate web designs. IDX Broker Benefits Engage Market Reports Showcase your expertise and enhance your client experience by offering monthly overviews of the real estate market at a local level. Take a Tour Core Ideal Lead Experience Leverage automation tools, AI-driven features, interactive maps and stunning details templates – all built with your clients in mind. Take a Tour Core IMPress for IDX Broker ™ - WordPress Plugin for Realtors Our robust WordPress plugin system helps manage your listings, website search capabilities, and SEO boosting tools. Integrate search widgets, listings showcases, community pages and more! Take a Tour More Than a Website—It’s Your Competitive Edge Elite Unleash the power of a high-performance website powered by the advanced features of IDX Broker® Engage. From stunning design to personalized search tools and powerful lead capture, IDX Broker ™ Elite transforms your brand, captivates your audience, and converts visitors into loyal clients. Get Started Today Transparent Pricing For You Core $60 / per month Modern, interactive map templates, offering unlimited map results and customizable search and detail pages. Turn visitors into clients with customizable signup prompts and flexible registration settings. Receive real-time text notifications when a new lead registers, creating the opportunity for immediate follow-up. Deliver a seamless lead home search experience, optimized for user flow. Get Started Engage $99 / per month Plus everything in Core! Provide valuable insights with comprehensive Market Reports. Available in most MLSs, showcase sold listings to gain a competitive edge. Offer users the ability to search for listings using natural language, eliminating the need for filters. Allow clients to virtually redesign rooms in a listing, providing an interactive home search experience. Get Started Elite $149 / per month Plus everything in Engage! Customizable website designs with stunning templates and branding options. SEO-friendly and fully responsive for a seamless mobile experience. Advanced IDX features including map-based searches, lead capture forms, and more. Leverage the powerful features of AI to provide the perfect home search experience. Get Started IXACT Contact CRM A powerful and intuitive CRM with built-in marketing automation, integrated directly into your IDX Broker account! Just $50.00/mo Real Value. Real Results Efficiently manage and nurture your leads Automate your marketing with drip email campaigns and more! One of the most trusted CRM solutions in the real estate industry. While IDX Broker integrates with many CRMs, IXACT Contact provides a uniquely deep integration and real estate-focused features to simplify follow-up and grow your business. Get Started Take a tour of IDX Broker ® & explore Take a Tour "I have been using IDX Broker for almost 15 years. It’s easy to use and gives me the ability to create custom searches while providing my clients with complete control over their saved searches." Howard Dinits Dinits Realty IDX Broker Blog View All Blogs November 25, 2025 3 Ways to Improve Your Real Estate Website This Holiday Season Read More October 16, 2025 Why IDX Integration Matters (and How It Helps You Close More Deals) Read More September 9, 2025 Simple Ways to Improve the User Experience on Your Website With IDX Read More July 30, 2025 Website Features That Make You Look More Professional (and Credible) Read More The most customizable IDX solution on the market. Very knowledgeable, responsive, and customer-friendly. I highly recommend them! Tim Emineth, Personal SEO Product Product Product Features Compare Versions Take a Tour MLS Coverage REALTOR® Boards Testimonials Examples Company Company Contact Blog Terms & Privacy Sitemap IDX Partners IDX Partners Find a Developer Developer Partner Program WordPress Themes API Docs Support Help Integrations Knowledgebase What is IDX? IDX Webinars Support Our team is here to help. Call (541) 343-3912, or email support. Data Services Provided By IDX, LLC Copyright ©
                        2025                        IDX, LLC , All Rights Reserved . The trademarks MLS ® ,
            Multiple Listing Service ® and the associated logos are owned by
            The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA)
            in Canada and identify the quality of services provided
            by real estate professionals. Ask Us Anything First Name Required Last Name Required Email Required Ask Us Anything Submit