IE – Fostering Positive Change Through Education, Research & Innovation Skip to main content Instagram. It will open in a new tab instagram Linkedin. It will open in a new tab linkedin Facebook. It will open in a new tab facebook Twitter. It will open in a new tab twitter Youtube. It will open in a new tab youtube Tiktok. It will open in a new tab tiktok Podcast. It will open in a new tab podcast English Español Registrar's Office. It will open in a new tab Registrar's Office Students. It will open in a new tab Students Parents. It will open in a new tab Parents Alumni. It will open in a new tab Alumni For Companies. It will open in a new tab For Companies Contact Chatbot. It will open in a new tab University Open menu Find your program ABOUT IE UNIVERSITY Programs ADMISSIONS Faculty & Research IE UNIVERSITY EXPERIENCE News & Events WHO WE ARE Members of CIVICA. It will open in a new tab Members of CIVICA IE UNIVERSITY PURPOSE. It will open in a new tab IE UNIVERSITY PURPOSE Sustainability. It will open in a new tab Sustainability Diversity. It will open in a new tab Diversity Entrepreneurship. It will open in a new tab Entrepreneurship Humanities. It will open in a new tab Humanities Innovation. It will open in a new tab Innovation Our Spaces Madrid Campus. It will open in a new tab Madrid Campus Segovia Campus. It will open in a new tab Segovia Campus Campus Tour. It will open in a new tab Campus Tour Offices around the world. It will open in a new tab Offices around the world IE JOBS. It will open in a new tab IE JOBS Accessibility at IE. It will open in a new tab Accessibility at IE International Advisory Board. It will open in a new tab International Advisory Board Professional Pathways Programs in Business & Management Programs in Design & Architecture Programs in Finance, Economics & Trade Programs in Law, International Affairs & Public Policy Programs in Leadership & Talent Development Programs in Marketing, Communication & Sales Programs in Science, Technology & Data Degree Types Undergraduate Programs. It will open in a new tab Undergraduate Programs Master's Programs. It will open in a new tab Master's Programs Doctorate Programs. It will open in a new tab Doctorate Programs Lifelong Learning. It will open in a new tab Lifelong Learning Alternative Credentials. It will open in a new tab Alternative Credentials IE Summer School Programs. It will open in a new tab IE Summer School Programs Schools IE School of Architecture & Design. It will open in a new tab IE School of Architecture & Design IE Business School. It will open in a new tab IE Business School IE School of Politics, Economics & Global Affairs. It will open in a new tab IE School of Politics, Economics & Global Affairs IE School of Science & Technology. It will open in a new tab IE School of Science & Technology IE Law School. It will open in a new tab IE Law School IE School of Humanities. It will open in a new tab IE School of Humanities Programs ADMISSIONS. It will open in a new tab ADMISSIONS Undergraduate. It will open in a new tab Undergraduate Master's FINANCIAL AID. It will open in a new tab FINANCIAL AID Undergraduate. It will open in a new tab Undergraduate Master's. It will open in a new tab Master's STUDENT SERVICES. It will open in a new tab STUDENT SERVICES Undergraduate. It will open in a new tab Undergraduate Master's. It will open in a new tab Master's Faculty. It will open in a new tab Faculty Centers, Chairs & Observatories Research. It will open in a new tab Research IE Insights. It will open in a new tab IE Insights Beyond the Classroom Campus Life. It will open in a new tab Campus Life Sports & Well-Being. It will open in a new tab Sports & Well-Being Chat with Our Students and Staff. It will open in a new tab Chat with Our Students and Staff Alumni Department. It will open in a new tab Alumni Department Talent & Careers. It will open in a new tab Talent & Careers Read our Blogs Driving Innovation. It will open in a new tab Driving Innovation Uncover IE. It will open in a new tab Uncover IE IE Initiatives Podcasts Blue talks The Kipling Balance News. It will open in a new tab News Events. It will open in a new tab Events Open House. It will open in a new tab Open House Open House: Bachelors. It will open in a new tab Open House: Bachelors Open House: Masters. It will open in a new tab Open House: Masters A New Era of AI-Driven Innovation at IE University With OpenAI, we’re thinking big and creating bigger. THINK BIG, CREATE BIGGER. It will open in a new tab THINK BIG, CREATE BIGGER A New Era of AI-Driven Innovation at IE University With OpenAI, we’re thinking big and creating bigger. THINK BIG, CREATE BIGGER. It will open in a new tab THINK BIG, CREATE BIGGER Pause 1 of 10 Scroll down IE University - AI Chat IE UNIVERSITY LATEST NEWS WE ARE IE UNIVERSITY OUR PURPOSE As a transformative educational institution, we empower students to make their mark on the world. We provide them with the skills, knowledge and environment needed to make a difference, and they join a supportive and international community that lasts a lifetime. Find out more OUR PURPOSE As a transformative educational institution, we empower students to make their mark on the world. We provide them with the skills, knowledge and environment needed to make a difference, and they join a supportive and international community that lasts a lifetime. Find out more DIVERSITY A diverse community embraces the many facets of its people. Thanks to our commitment to diversity, including gender, ethnicity, culture, age, physical appearance, experiences and mindsets, we are able to see the world from a more multifaceted perspective, sparking creativity and compassion throughout the IE experience. FIND OUT MORE INNOVATION Curiosity is key to stimulating new and sustainable patterns of thinking. At IE University, we innovate education through sector-leading professors, personalized learning and cutting-edge technology in a way that humanizes learning. Our Liquid Learning educational experience elevates the learning journey, helping students curate their path, every step of the way. FIND OUT MORE HUMANITIES The secret to grasping the complexities of our world is by understanding the people that live in it. That’s why we infuse the humanities into everything we do, from incorporating modules into our curriculum, to coordinating arts and cultural initiatives for our whole community. By exploring the human experience, our graduates emerge as well-rounded individuals with an enhanced and more inclusive mindset. FIND OUT MORE ENTREPRENEURSHIP The entrepreneurial spirit is a way of life—a notion that has underpinned the essence of IE University since its founding. We are committed to empowering students as they find their unique entrepreneurial path and unleash their creativity through trailblazing projects and innovative ideas that make a difference. FIND OUT MORE DIVERSITY A diverse community embraces the many facets of its people. Thanks to our commitment to diversity, including gender, ethnicity, culture, age, physical appearance, experiences and mindsets, we are able to see the world from a more multifaceted perspective, sparking creativity and compassion throughout the IE experience. FIND OUT MORE INNOVATION Curiosity is key to stimulating new and sustainable patterns of thinking. At IE University, we innovate education through sector-leading professors, personalized learning and cutting-edge technology in a way that humanizes learning. Our Liquid Learning educational experience elevates the learning journey, helping students curate their path, every step of the way. FIND OUT MORE HUMANITIES The secret to grasping the complexities of our world is by understanding the people that live in it. That’s why we infuse the humanities into everything we do, from incorporating modules into our curriculum, to coordinating arts and cultural initiatives for our whole community. By exploring the human experience, our graduates emerge as well-rounded individuals with an enhanced and more inclusive mindset. FIND OUT MORE ENTREPRENEURSHIP The entrepreneurial spirit is a way of life—a notion that has underpinned the essence of IE University since its founding. We are committed to empowering students as they find their unique entrepreneurial path and unleash their creativity through trailblazing projects and innovative ideas that make a difference. FIND OUT MORE Sustainability As a leading higher-education institution, we’ve thought a lot about how tomorrow’s world will look and what kind of knowledge we must cultivate for our students to thrive in it. We are committed to fostering environmental and ethical stewardship as well as promoting increased awareness and public understanding. Discover more about sustainability. It will open in a new tab Discover more about sustainability DISCOVER OUR PROGRAMS At IE University, we specialize in training future-forward leaders with a global vision, entrepreneurial mindset, and human-centered approach to driving innovation. By pushing the boundaries of higher education, our extensive global network of students and professors—further empowered by top institutional partnerships—are able to make a lasting impact in their field. Discover our diverse range of programs aimed at every different stage of the learning journey. Admission process at IE University Our rigorous admissions process is focused on identifying the best aspects of each individual’s personal, academic, and professional journey while ensuring diverse and unique students join our community. Learn more about admissions at IE University, including who can apply and how we can assist and support you at each stage of the process. Admissions Discover the requirements you must meet to apply, the documentation you’ll have to submit, and the general timeline of the application process. LEARN MORE about admissions. It will open in a new tab LEARN MORE about admissions Financial aid We offer a wide range of financial aid options, from awards to scholarships, flexible payment plans, and attractive financing options. DISCOVER MORE about financial aid. It will open in a new tab DISCOVER MORE about financial aid Student services We're committed to making your time with us as seamless and stress-free as possible, so you can focus on studying and enjoying the IE experience. EXPLORE student services. It will open in a new tab EXPLORE student services STAY UP TO DATE WITH OUR EVENTS We organize over 1,500 events per year, from conferences to master classes, networking, and so much more. Discover our events. It will open in a new tab Discover our events University in Madrid and Segovia IE University has immersive on-site locations in two cities: fast-paced, cosmopolitan Madrid and the charming historic city of Segovia. Discover everything that each has to offer. Play MADRID There’s never a dull moment in the bustling capital of Spain. Get a feel for what student life is like at our fast-paced Madrid campus. DISCOVER MORE about Madrid HERE. It will open in a new tab DISCOVER MORE about Madrid HERE Play SEGOVIA In Segovia, you’ll be enchanted by its winding cobblestone streets, breathtaking medieval castle, and grandiose historical sites. Dive in! Discover more about Segovia here. It will open in a new tab Discover more about Segovia here TAKE OUR CAMPUS TOUR. It will open in a new tab TAKE OUR CAMPUS TOUR SUCCESS STORIES Success isn’t one size fits all. Discover the unique academic and professional journeys behind our impressive community members. IE University Blogs Our Purpose As a transformative educational institution, we empower students to make their mark on the world. We provide them with the skills, knowledge and environment needed to make a difference, and they join a supportive and international community that lasts a lifetime. Our Purpose at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Our Purpose As a transformative educational institution, we empower students to make their mark on the world. We provide them with the skills, knowledge and environment needed to make a difference, and they join a supportive and international community that lasts a lifetime. Our Purpose at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Diversity A diverse community embraces the many facets of its people. Thanks to our commitment to diversity, including gender, ethnicity, culture, age, physical appearance, experiences and mindsets, we are able to see the world from a more multifaceted perspective, sparking creativity and compassion throughout the IE experience. Diversity at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Innovation Curiosity is key to stimulating new and sustainable patterns of thinking. At IE University, we innovate education through sector-leading professors, personalized learning and cutting-edge technology in a way that humanizes learning. Our Liquid Learning educational experience elevates the learning journey, helping students curate their path, every step of the way. Innovation at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Humanities The secret to grasping the complexities of our world is by understanding the people that live in it. That’s why we infuse the humanities into everything we do, from incorporating modules into our curriculum, to coordinating arts and cultural initiatives for our whole community. By exploring the human experience, our graduates emerge as well-rounded individuals with an enhanced and more inclusive mindset. Humanities at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Entrepreneurship The entrepreneurial spirit is a way of life—a notion that has underpinned the essence of IE University since its founding. We are committed to empowering students as they find their unique entrepreneurial path and unleash their creativity through trailblazing projects and innovative ideas that make a difference. Entrepreneurship at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Diversity A diverse community embraces the many facets of its people. Thanks to our commitment to diversity, including gender, ethnicity, culture, age, physical appearance, experiences and mindsets, we are able to see the world from a more multifaceted perspective, sparking creativity and compassion throughout the IE experience. Diversity at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Innovation Curiosity is key to stimulating new and sustainable patterns of thinking. At IE University, we innovate education through sector-leading professors, personalized learning and cutting-edge technology in a way that humanizes learning. Our Liquid Learning educational experience elevates the learning journey, helping students curate their path, every step of the way. Innovation at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Humanities The secret to grasping the complexities of our world is by understanding the people that live in it. That’s why we infuse the humanities into everything we do, from incorporating modules into our curriculum, to coordinating arts and cultural initiatives for our whole community. By exploring the human experience, our graduates emerge as well-rounded individuals with an enhanced and more inclusive mindset. Humanities at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more Entrepreneurship The entrepreneurial spirit is a way of life—a notion that has underpinned the essence of IE University since its founding. We are committed to empowering students as they find their unique entrepreneurial path and unleash their creativity through trailblazing projects and innovative ideas that make a difference. Entrepreneurship at IE University. It will open in a new tab Find out more WE RECOMMEND FINANCIAL AID. It will open in a new tab FINANCIAL AID IE STORE. It will open in a new tab IE STORE RANKINGS. It will open in a new tab RANKINGS TALENT & CAREERS. It will open in a new tab TALENT & CAREERS LIBRARY. It will open in a new tab LIBRARY STUDENT SERVICES. It will open in a new tab STUDENT SERVICES ALUMNI. It will open in a new tab ALUMNI IE PUBLISHING. It will open in a new tab IE PUBLISHING IE FOUNDATION. It will open in a new tab IE FOUNDATION CORPORATE RELATIONS. It will open in a new tab CORPORATE RELATIONS IE KNOWLEDGE. It will open in a new tab IE KNOWLEDGE CAMPUS LIFE. It will open in a new tab CAMPUS LIFE ARTS & HUMANITIES. It will open in a new tab ARTS & HUMANITIES IE Families in Business. It will open in a new tab IE Families in Business IE - REINVENTING HIGHER EDUCATION IE Business School. It will open in a new tab IE Business School Ie University. It will open in a new tab Ie University IE School of Politics, Economics and Global Affairs. It will open in a new tab IE School of Politics, Economics and Global Affairs IE Law School. It will open in a new tab IE Law School IE Lifelong learning. It will open in a new tab IE Lifelong learning ie school of architecture and design. It will open in a new tab ie school of architecture and design ie foundation. It will open in a new tab ie foundation ie school of science & technology. It will open in a new tab ie school of science & technology IE Edu. It will open in a new tab IE Edu IE School of Humanities. It will open in a new tab IE School of Humanities IE Summer School. It will open in a new tab IE Summer School Legal Notice. It will open in a new tab Legal Notice Privacy Policy. It will open in a new tab Privacy Policy Cookie Policy. It will open in a new tab Cookie Policy Security Policy. It will open in a new tab Security Policy International Offices. It will open in a new tab International Offices Communications Team. It will open in a new tab Communications Team Student Academic Standards. It will open in a new tab Student Academic Standards Contact. It will open in a new tab Contact IE Jobs. It will open in a new tab IE Jobs IE Store. It will open in a new tab IE Store Donate. It will open in a new tab Donate Compliance Channel. It will open in a new tab Compliance Channel Site Map. It will open in a new tab Site Map Instagram. It will open in a new tab instagram Linkedin. It will open in a new tab linkedin Facebook. It will open in a new tab facebook Twitter. It will open in a new tab twitter Youtube. It will open in a new tab youtube Tiktok. It will open in a new tab tiktok Podcast. It will open in a new tab podcast IE University 2025