International Fund for Animal Welfare |  IFAW Skip to main content fresh thinking and bold action for animals, people and the place we call home. Animals Get involved Explore Our work About IFAW Donate TODAY ONLY: 4X match for animals! Quadruple your impact with a year-end gift—give before midnight on 12/31. 4X my impact>> Fresh thinking and bold action for animals, people and the place we call home. Join IFAW as a champion for animals. Join IFAW as a champion for animals. Give Monthly >> Fresh thinking and bold action for animals, people and the place we call home. Blog Wildlife wins and warnings: what this year’s decisions mean for animals Read more Blog Top animal victories of 2025 Read more Biodiversity Conservation Biodiversity Conservation Biodiversity Conservation Biodiversity Conservation Room to Roam A visionary approach to conservation in Africa Learn more Blog Bringing rhinos back to Manas National Park Read more Project We're transforming what it means to be a woman ranger See project Wildlife Rescue Wildlife Rescue Blog Meet an orphaned giant anteater released back to the wild after Brazil’s wildfires Read more Blog Raising Papum, an orphaned black bear cub Read more Project Birds of prey are falling prey in China See project Marine Conservation Marine Conservation Marine Conservation Marine Conservation Campaign 2026 North Atlantic right whale calving season Read more Blog Are fin whales finished? Japan resumes commercial hunt Read more Project When the tide is low, the stakes are high for marine mammals See project Climate Climate Climate change Joining hands with nature to tackle the climate crisis Learn more Expert opinions How wildlife conservation makes communities resilient to the changing climate Read more Project Remote, but ready See project About us About us About us About us Our approach Learn more Campaign CEO corner Read more Campaign Academy of Rescue and Conservation Learn more Every problem has a solution, every solution needs support. The problems we face are urgent, complicated, and resistant to change. Real solutions demand creativity, hard work, and involvement from people like you. $60 $100 $250 $500 Donate IFAW affiliates are registered as tax-exempt nonprofit organizations in several countries.  Depending on where you reside, your donation may qualify for a tax deduction or benefit.  See the pull-down menu at the bottom right of this page to see how IFAW operates in your country. fresh thinking and bold action for animals, people and the place we call home. 55+ years of helping animals, people, and the place we call home . Follow Us Home News Resources Contact Get involved Take action Support Join IFAW Disaster grant request Programs Our work Wildlife Crime Disaster Response Policy Marine Conservation Community Engagement Wildlife Rescue Landscape Conservation Marine Mammal Rescue About IFAW Our approach History Programs Impact Partners Careers Legal FAQ International Fund for Animal Welfare 290 Summer Street, Yarmouth Port, MA 02675 | USA Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | South Africa PAIA IFAW affiliates are registered as tax-exempt nonprofit organizations in several countries. Depending on where you reside, your donation may qualify for a tax deduction or benefit. See the pull-down menu at the bottom right side of this page to see how IFAW operates in your country. IFAW © 2025 Manage my Cookies International Australia Canada Deutschland France Nederland United Kingdom United States Unfortunately, the browser you use is outdated and does not allow you to display the site correctly. Please install any of the modern browsers, for example: Google Chrome Firefox Safari