Home - Ifop Group Go to menu Go to content Aller au pied de page Homepage Ifop Group M e nu Le Mag Your challenges Your challenges Back to menu Your challenges Society & influence Stand out on a social issue & get people talking about you Structure your influence strategy Launch a participatory democracy system Gather citizens’ opinions on regional policies Anticipate & manage media and reputation crises Brand & identity Structure & manage your brand strategy Stay in charge of your brand image & reputation Build your brand narrative Evaluate the coherence between your image & your experience Trends & markets Analyze markets & detect opportunities Map your stakeholders & competitors Anticipate societal changes Audience & customer journey Segment your target profiles Grasp expectations at every touchpoint Design engaging user experiences Interact with your customers in real time Innovation & futures Explore prospective scenarios & imagine the future Detect untapped markets Optimize the performance of your product portfolio Test & evaluate your products Communication & impacts Test the impact of your communication strategy Assess all aspects of the employee experience Structure your communication & marketing activities Optimize your employer attractiveness Your sector Your sector Public affairs Food & Consumption Automotive & Mobility Banking, finance & insurance Beauty & Well-being Energy & services Luxury Media & Entertainment Our brands Our brands Ifop Opinion Ifop Marketing Sociovision Occurrence Deep Opinion Brainvalue Our DNA Search Post your brief Capabilities Journalists Join us Location China America Location China America FR EN Post your brief Search Menu Everything st a rts with people. Our vision To understand today’s world and influence tomorrow’s, it’s essential to understand people intimately. This has been our conviction for 90 years. Society & influence Brand & identity Trends & markets Audience & customer journey Innovation & futures Communication & impacts Stand out on a social issue & get people talking about you Structure your influence strategy Launch a participatory democracy system Gather citizens’ opinions on regional policies Anticipate and manage media and reputation crises Structure and manage your brand strategy Stay in charge of your brand image & reputation Build your brand narrative Evaluate the coherence between your image & your experience Analyze markets & detect opportunities Map your stakeholders & competitors Anticipate societal changes Segment your target profiles Grasp expectations at every touchpoint Design engaging user experiences Interact with your customers in real time Explore prospective scenarios and imagine the future Detect untapped markets Optimize the performance of your product portfolio Test and evaluate your products Test the impact of your communication strategy Assess all aspects of the employee experience Structure your communication and marketing activities Optimize your employer attractiveness Previous Next How can we help you? Share your challenges, we’ll find the solution Ifop Group Recognized brands to guide you towards a positive future Ifop Sector expertise and quantitative rigor at the service of decision-makers. Sociovision Sociological approach and analysis of sustainable trends to anticipate societal changes. Occurrence Measuring and managing the impact of communications and influences. Deep Opinion Social intelligence and innovation to understand and respond to conversations. Brainvalue Qualitative and strategic insights to build an intimate and forward-looking relationship between brands and consumers. Our brands Many areas of expertise, one shared vision Latest news 30.12.25 Ifop Opinion FR Public affairs “Touche pas à ma loi”? The French view of secularism 120 years after the 1905 law was passed Read the article 30.12.25 Ifop Opinion FR Public affairs How the French view Edouard Philippe Read the article 30.12.25 Ifop Opinion FR Public affairs The political climate in Perpignan Read the article See all news Case studies Our previous collaborations. Confidentiel Authentic reactions redefine campaign performance Media and entertainement Deep Opinion Interbev Made in Viande, the impact of an event steeped in trust Food and consumer goods Occurrence Confidentiel From diagnosis to impact: a matter of conviction Banking, finance and insurance Ifop Marketing Confidentiel Pinpointing the differences at the heart of mobility narratives Automotive and mobility Ifop Group Deep Opinion Occurrence Callaway When Chinese golfers shape the future of the market Luxury Ifop Marketing Hydratis French people and hydration, an unexpected paradox Beauty and well-being Ifop Marketing Précédent Suivant Our global presence 63 M€ Group turnover in 2024 55 % The percentage of studies conducted abroad 3 geographical hubs. In the USA, China and Europe Share your brief If you don’t have one, we can build it together I need help! Post your brief A good brief includes your problem, your target audience, the themes you want to explore and other key elements. Working together Do you have specific questions? You can contact us. Contact us Feel free to share it with us. Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Lastname * Firstname * Professional email * Phone Company * Department * Your department in the company Etudes de marché / Insights / Planning Marketing Communication R&D Institution / Universitaire Développement / Commercial Juridique Ressources Humaines Direction Générale / Fondateur Presse / Journaliste Etudiant Retraité Paneliste Autres Job title Message * File Choose a file Max. file size: 10 MB. * The data you provide in this form will be processed and stored solely for the purpose of responding to your request and keeping a record  of its processing. Your email address will also be used to subscribe you to our newsletter and receive news from Ifop Group, including its subsidiaries. You can unsubscribe at any time via the link provided in each of our communications. By clicking on « Send my request », you agree to the collection of information relating to your browsing on our website for the purposes of managing our customer relationship. Find out more about the management of your data and your rights . Send my request We will get back to you International Market Research Group. Subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news from the Ifop group! Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * * Your email address is only used to send you Ifop Group newsletter and news, including its subsidiaries. You can use the unsubscribe link included in our communications at any time. Find out more about managing your data and your rights . Subscribe to the newsletter Your challenges Society & influence Brand & identity Trends & markets Audience & customer journey Innovation & futures Communication & impacts Your sector Public affairs Food & Consumption Automotive & mobility Banking, finance & insurance Beauty & Well-being Energy & services Luxury Media & Entertainment Our brands Ifop Opinion Ifop Marketing Sociovision Occurrence Deep Opinion Brainvalue Our DNA Join us Post your brief Contact ©2026 Ifop Group – All rights reserved Legal notice Terms of use Personal data protection Respondent rights Cookies policy Accessibility Location China America Location China America FR EN Youtube Linkedin ip70y8ThoJraetSdC0DQIEmnGva4szwpwO9KpfuloZU=.html