International Federation of Robotics Toggle navigation IFR Association About IFR Key People Topics and Definitions Contact Compliance International Symposium on Robotics IERA Award Women in Robotics Statistics About World Robotics Industrial Robots Service Robots Products Participation IR Participation SR Customer Login Newsroom Press Releases Press Contact Press Photos Press Newsletter Resources Blog Position Papers Case studies Sustainability Robot History Market Research Sitemap Members Members' News Members List Survey IR Survey SR Highlights Highlights +++ IFR: Global Robot Demand in Factories Doubles Over 10 Years +++ IFR: Service Robots See Global Growth Boom +++ IFR: Video - FACTS about ROBOTS - worldwide +++ IFR: Top Five Robot Trends 2025 +++ News President’s Report by Takayuki Ito Review 2025 - Outlook 2026 Dec 16, 2025 — It is my pleasure to open this edition of our quarterly newsletter as we approach the end of 2025 - a year that has brought remarkable momentum, important breakthroughs, and renewed confidence to the global robotics community. Nominate a “Women Shaping the Future of Robotics in 2026” Call for "IFR's Women in Robotics" is now open Nov 26, 2025 — IFR would like to give visibility and acknowledge Women in the Robotics industry that serve as a role model for the next generation.
We will - once again - select a list of 10 women to officially award as “IFR's Women in Robotics: 10 Women Shaping the Future of Robotics” in 2026. IERA Award 2026 - Call for Application Deadline for application is 15 February 2026 Nov 25, 2025 — IFR and IEEE Robotics and Automation Society (IEEE/RAS) are looking for applicants for the next IERA Award. The final takes place at ICRA on 4 June 2026 in Vienna. 1 2 3 » IFR Newsroom Latest Blog Posts Portrait of Caren Dripke One of 10 Women Shaping the Future of Robotics in 2025 Research Division “Automation and Robotics” Service robotics industry on the move From research to reality: Robots that learn, adapt and assist Where robots are making a difference More Blog Posts Explore Our Case Studies Robots in the Bakery "Bakisto" relieves employees and reduces food waste One of Europe’s largest online grocers automates order picking in Prague fulfillment center Improving operations and product availability at stores globally PAL Robotics' StockBot at Decathlon stores More Case Studies Topics and Definitions Industrial Robots The IFR’s use of the term “industrial robot” is based on the definition of the ISO: an “automatically controlled, reprogrammable multipurpose manipulator programmable in three or more axes” Learn More Service Robots The International Organization for Standardization defines a “service robot” as a "robot in personal use or professional use that performs useful tasks for humans or equipment” Learn More Robotics Research The IFR fosters links between the robotics industry and institutes. Our members engage in an intensive exchange on new technologies and emerging robots at the International Symposium on Robotics ISR Learn More Position Papers Information and IFR opinion on topical issues regarding robots and automation Learn More Case Studies Case Studies of Industrial and Service Robots. Robots in action can be found everywhere. Robot Manufacturers give examples of robot applications in different industries Learn More Robots and Sustainability Which of UN's 17 Sustainability Development Goals can be met with the support of robots? Learn More “I believe that robots and related technologies are important elements that enrich people’s lives while reducing the burden of their daily work. Several decades ago, the scenes of humans and robots sharing  the common space and working together was considered a fantasy world, but such a day is not too far off. 
IFR will take the lead for the people to be ready to enjoy such a world.” Takayuki Ito - IFR President and Standing Advisor & Chief Technical Advisor at FANUC Japan "IFR is a well recognized organization which unites national robot associations, academia and manufacturers all over the world. To join IFR will let us know the latest statistics and information, to have the channel to present our ideas and thoughts in front of global peers. We hope to have more opportunities for international cooperation and promote the high-speed and healthy development of the robotics industry." Wei You - IFR Executive Board member and CEO and Chairman of EFORT group "SCHUNK is a member of the International Federation of Robotics to stay updated on global trends, policies, and advancements in robotics. Membership allows contribution to shaping standards, policies, and fostering robot adoption worldwide." Milton Guerry - Chair IFR Marcom Committee; President of SCHUNK US "As the CEO of PAL Robotics, I am proud to bring our 20+ years of pioneering expertise in service robotics to the International Federation of Robotics (IFR). Serving as the Chair of Service Robotics, it's an honor to collaborate with industry leaders. Together, we're committed to shaping a future where robotics and human society coexist beneficially, driving innovation and enhancing the quality of life globally." Francesco Ferro - Chair IFR Service Robot Group and CEO of PAL Robotics "IFR is a unique international association having members from groups, companies and research institutes from around the world who are involved in robotics. IFR widely offers useful data, opportunities and other benefits not only to its members, but also to the world at large. There are high expectations that IFR will enhance the synergy and mutual support among all its members to become drivers to energetically establish a sustainable society." Kenji Yamaguchi - past IFR Vice President and Representative Director, President and CEO of FANUC Corporation, Japan “Joining IFR is a source of pride, the sharing expertise of the worldwide members is key to progress rapidly in the deployment of robotics, build up a powerful innovation ecosystem and drive excellent research. IFR strengths are the possibility to create new opportunities of partnerships, to promote the transfer of knowledge in order to shrink the distances between robotics world and the society and the excellent research networks”. Sandro Santamaria - IFR General Assembly Member and CEO, ROBOTECO Spa, Italy "IFR brings opportunity to network and engage with other professionals and entrepreneurs in the field of robotics to together ensure both that more companies and more people benefit from adopting technologies. I believe we are witnessing one of the greatest technological shifts in the history of mankind, during which Robotics, AI and related technologies have the potential to transform every industry and aspect of our lives within the next decade." Marina Bill - Vice Chair IFR Industrial Robot Suppliers Committee and Global Head of Marketing & Sales, ABB Management Services Ltd. Established in 1987, IFR has brought together the international robotics players in more than 20 countries. It is a unique platform for sharing information and exchanging ideas, thus contributing to the dynamic development of the robotics around the world. The role of IFR is becoming more and more important for further global development of robotics in the future. CRIA is proud to be part of this international robotics family. Xiaogang Song - IFR Executive Board Member and Secretary General, China Robotics Industry Alliance (CRIA) "The International Federation of Robotics is here to provide a reliable and highly trained professional network for the robotics community. By sponsoring the International Symposium on Robotics (ISR), the IFR stands as a major driver for researchers and engineers from around the globe, allowing them to present their pioneering works in service and industrial robotics." Professor Alexander Verl - Chairman IFR Research Committee and Head of Institute for Control Engineering of Machine Tools and Manufacturing Units / University of Stuttgart “What I have learned from IFR: The market data on new technologies and trends provided by the IFR are essential for anyone involved in robotics. The IFR meetings have been tremendously beneficial for bringing together industry and academia, and providing invaluable networking opportunities.” Jong-Oh Park - IFR Executive Board Member and Professor School of Mechanical Engineering, Chonnam National University "One of the key benefits of the IFR is its influence on public opinion, to bring across the positive impact robotics has on economic performance, and to ease fears of technology. Particularly in times such as these, in which populist messages are prevalent, society needs an institution that informs objectively about robotics with well-founded statistics and research." Bruno Schnekenburger - past IFR Vice Chairman of Robot Suppliers Committee and President / CEO Yaskawa EMEA Previous Next Visit YouTube Channel Events A3 Business Forum January 19-  January 21, 2026 Exclusive A3 members' event Expo Manufactura February 03-  February 05, 2026 DIRA Business og ROBOTBRAG May 07-  May 08, 2026 Annual Robot Party Elmia Automation May 19-  May 22, 2026 Automation fair Automate 2026 June 22-  June 25, 2026 The latest in robotics, machine vision, AI, motion control, and more TAIROS & Automation Taipei August 19-  August 22, 2026 Taiwan Automation Intelligence and Robot Show Automatik 2026 September 08-  September 10, 2026 Expo & Conferences MTM & Robotics 2026 International Conference October 15-  October 17, 2026 Joint International Conference Previous Next World Robotics - Industrial Robots: Global Robot Demand in Factories Doubles Over 10 Years The new World Robotics 2025 statistics on industrial robots showed 542,000 robots installed in 2024 - more than double the number 10 years ago. Annual installations topped 500,000 units for the fourth straight year. Asia accounted for 74% of new deployments in 2024, compared with 16% in Europe and 9% in the Americas. Products Free Downloads World Robotics - Service Robots See Global Growth Boom In 2024, worldwide sales of professional service robots grew by 9%, medical robots by 91%, and service robots for consumer use by 11%. More than 199,000 units for professional service robots and close to 16,700 units of medical robots sold were registered by the IFR Statistical Department. Products Free Downloads Previous Next Services Newsletter Registration Subscribe Unsubscribe This registration is only valid for the receipt of the IFR Newsletter. Name Email* Privacy Policy* I agree to the IFR Privacy Policy. I read and agree to the IFR Privacy Policy . IFR saves my data at Cleverreach. I know, IFR deletes my data as soon as I unsubscribe from this Newsletter. Subscribe The IFR Newsletter - published quarterly - informs about sector relevant news - press releases, in-depth blogs, positioning papers and case studies on robot use. In addition, we inform about upcoming events, and new IFR members. Each newsletter highlights a report by the current IFR president. Please register for an automatic supply. Newsletter 4/2025 Newsletter 3/2025 Newsletter 2/2025 Newsletter 1/2025 Contact IFR Secretariat The General Secretariat is responsible for the daily management of IFR and the coordination of all major activities, events and collaboration. The General Secretariat handles all questions regarding IFR membership. Dr. Susanne Bieller IFR General Secretary Phone: +49 69-6603-1502 E-Mail: secretariat(at)ifr.org Silke Lampe Communication Manager Phone: +49 69-6603-1697 E-Mail: secretariat(at)ifr.org IFR Statistical Department The Statistical Department collects and interprets market relevant data on global robot installations. It handles requests regarding IFR statistics and the World Robotics report. Dr. Christopher Müller Director IFR Statistical Department Phone: +49 69-6603-1191 E-Mail: statistics(at)ifr.org Nina Kutzbach Project Manager Industrial Robotics Phone: +49 69-6603-1518 E-Mail: statistics(at)ifr.org Dr. Anne Jurkat Project Manager Service Robotics Phone: +49 69-6603-1479 E-Mail: statistics(at)ifr.org Credits · Legal Disclaimer · Privacy Policy · World Robotics Terms of Usage · © IFR 2025 Privacy Settings We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Strictly necessary Analytics Privacy Policy Save Accept all