IFS | Institute for Fiscal Studies Skip to main content Main menu Topics Topics Topics Business and investment Consumption and prices Education and skills Employment and income Government finances and spending Health and social care International development Poverty, inequality and social mobility Research methods Savings, pensions and wealth Taxes and benefits Collections Student finance NHS waiting lists Levelling up Housing Help me find something Research and analysis Research and analysis Reports Reports Featured content The Mirrlees Review Comment Working papers Journals Press releases Presentations Fiscal Studies Data Fiscal facts Help me find something Podcasts, explainers and calculators Podcasts, explainers and calculators Podcasts Explainers Calculators and tools Calculators and tools Additional resources Fiscal facts Guides, manuals, software and more Tax changes in the Budget podcast <p class="p1" style="-webkit-text-stroke-width:0px;caret-color:rgb(0, 0, 0);color:rgb(0, 0, 0);font-style:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-weight:400;letter-spacing:normal;orphans:auto;text-align:start;text-decoration:none;text-indent:0px;text-transform:none;white-space:normal;widows:auto;word-spacing:0px;">We unpack the Budget’s quieter tax changes, from EV policy to savings and investment reforms, and explore what these small shifts really mean.</p> 5 December 2025 The Autumn Budget 2025 explained podcast <p class="p1">From tax rises to new spending pressures, we break down the major decisions in a packed Autumn Budget and what they mean for the UK.</p> 27 November 2025 Is the UK in hock to the bond market? podcast <p>A look at how the bond market influences the cost of government debt and what that means for the Budget.</p> 13 November 2025 Additional  resources Guides, manuals, software and more Fiscal facts: public finances, tax and benefits Help me find something Events Events Events Seminars Annual lectures Past presentations Training courses What happened to the children of the property boom? event 12 January 2026 <p>At this online event, IFS researchers will discuss how rising house prices shaped young people’s social mobility.</p> Shaping education funding for the challenges to come event 21 January 2026 <p style="line-height:18.0pt;vertical-align:baseline;"><span style="color:black;font-family:&quot;Arial&quot;,sans-serif;font-size:12.0pt;">The online launch of 2026 IFS Annual Report on Education Spending in England, funded by the Nuffield Foundation.</span></p> Help me find something About About People People Research fellows Research Associates Former research staff Visitors Communications, finance and administration Announcements Governance How we are funded Impact Jobs Press office History of the IFS Contact Jobs landing page <p>At IFS, we recruit and train top-quality economists and professional support staff. We aim to foster a respectful and inclusive working environment.</p> 20 July 2022 Centre for the Microeconomic Analysis of Public Policy The Research Centre at the heart of IFS is the CPP. Help me find something Search Header right menu Join us Newsletters Menu Our sites Sites menu Our sites Resources for A-level / Post-16 teachers and students Centre for the Microeconomic Analysis of Public Policy Inequality: The IFS Deaton Review TaxLab The Pensions Review TaxDev Election 2024 Tax Law Review Committee Education spending How would you fund the NHS? cemmap English Longitudinal Study of Ageing Microeconomic Insights Help me find something Search search Help me find something Featured Budget analysis Green budgets Elections Scotland Fiscal Studies Pensions Review Mirrlees Review Living standards, poverty and inequality IFS Deaton Review Welcome to IFS The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) is the UK’s leading independent economics research institute. Our world-class research helps policymakers – and those who hold them accountable – understand the impact that policy decisions have on individuals, households and businesses. IFS is supported by ESRC We are recognised as a global centre of excellence and have been granted official ESRC Research Institute status. The Research Centre at the heart of IFS is the CPP. Find out more What happens when nursing teams are short-staffed? comment Short-staffed and less experienced nursing teams deliver worse outcomes in NHS hospitals – with some patient groups particularly affected. 18 December 2025 Government confirms big redistribution of funding to more urban and more deprived councils in England comment The government has confirmed a 16% cash increase in overall council funding over 3 years – and a big redistribution between areas. 17 December 2025 Do supermarket openings reduce care home staffing? comment The adult social care sector in England faces long-standing and well-documented workforce challenges. 15 December 2025 Do disability benefit claims rise when other benefits are cut? report We study four reforms that cut non-health-related benefit provision and find each reform led to increased disability benefit claims. 12 December 2025 Why isn’t hospital productivity growth bringing down the waiting list more quickly? comment Productivity is rising rapidly in English hospitals, but this has not translated into large falls in waiting times. 9 December 2025 Demographic change and schools across the UK: lessons from history report Pupil numbers are falling rapidly across the UK. This report analyses the choices facing policymakers and past declines in pupil numbers. 5 December 2025 Browse all our research and analysis Rigorous, trusted economic analysis and commentary is needed now more than ever Donate We are staunchly independent and free from political or commercial influence - please consider supporting us with a donation. Become a member Help us speak truth to power - consider supporting us by becoming a member today. Latest working papers Our IFS working paper series publishes academic papers by staff and IFS associates. The role of dispersed information in maintaining low interest rates working paper With domestic-currency debt, a confidence crisis need not cause default, as monetary financing can shift default risk into inflation risk. 17 December 2025 Off to the shops? Outside job opportunities and care worker labour supply working paper In this paper, we study the impact of supermarket and warehouse openings on the labour supply of care workers in England. 15 December 2025 The rise of online dating and heterogamous marriages working paper We study how the diffusion of online dating platforms has shaped intermarriage patterns by race and education in the United States. 12 December 2025 Browse all our working papers Journal articles Our staff and associates contribute papers to leading academic journals. Nursing shortages and patient outcomes journal article Journal of Health Economics This paper examines the effect of nurse shortages on healthcare production. 18 December 2025 Designing and analysing powerful experiments: practical tips for applied researchers journal article Fiscal Studies This paper offers practical advice on increasing statistical power in randomised experiments via design, implementation and analysis choices. 8 December 2025 Going beyond simple sample size calculations: a practitioner's guide journal article Fiscal Studies Standard software handles basic sample size calculations, but researchers often oversimplify them and overlook relevant design features. 8 December 2025 See all journal articles Centre for the Microeconomic Analysis of Public Policy The ESRC has funded a Centre at IFS since 1991. We are recognised as a global centre of excellence and have official ESRC Research Institute status A-level / Post-16 resources Designed to help teachers, these resources are intended to challenge students to think beyond the syllabus and analyse real world issues. Announcements News about IFS research and researchers. IFS Sure Start research wins ONS Research Excellence Award 2025 announcement We are pleased to announce that our research on the effects of Sure Start on children’s outcomes has been awarded ONS' Impact of Analysis Award. 4 December 2025 IFS celebrates double victory at 2025 Smart Thinking awards announcement IFS celebrates a double win, taking 'Think Tank of the Year' and 'Best Publication' honours. 13 November 2025 Dick Taverne, Lord Taverne, was central to the early years of the IFS, and we mourn his death on October 25th, at the age of 97, and celebrate all he did for the IFS announcement Lord Taverne made three crucial contributions to the IFS that formed the foundations from which it has grown. 31 October 2025 See all announcements Featured researchers IFS has a strong record in training excellent social scientists, some of whom continue to work at IFS for many years; others go on to use the skills they have acquired in academia, policymaking, business or the media. See all our researchers here Sonya Krutikova IFS Deputy Research Director Sonya is an IFS Deputy Research Director, CPP Institute Co-director and Professor of Economics at the University of Manchester. Gautam Vyas Research Economist Gautam joined the IFS in 2023 and works in the IOD sector. His work focuses on the consumption behaviour of individuals in the UK. Our impact stats 71 working papers written by IFS authors in 2024 102 journal articles published by IFS authors in 2024. Over the past decade we have had 47 articles in the top five economics journals 71,967 mentions in the UK media in 2024 270 mentions in parliamentary debates in 2024 368 citations of IFS research in UK Government policy documents in 2024 Follow IFS Follow Subscribe to our podcasts Listen Footer menu top Contact Press office Jobs Data Sign up to IFS newsletters We send out regular emails about research and events. We also send out a monthly newsletter with a summary of recent work. * indicates required Email Address * Select subjects Subjects Select all Business & Investment Consumption & Prices Education & Skills Employment & Income Environment Policy Government Finances & Spending Health & Social Care IFS Deaton Review, Inequality, Poverty & Social
                        Mobility International Development Savings, Pensions & Wealth Taxes & Benefits UK Nations & Regions Centre for Microdata Methods and Practice (cemmap) Sign up Join us Individual membership: Objective analysis of economic policy is more important now than it has ever been. You can join our network and help improve public debate and government policy by becoming a member. Find out more and join Corporate membership: Help us to inform and improve government policy and public debate through high-quality, independent research. Find out more and join The Institute for Fiscal Studies 2 Marylebone Road London NW1 4DF Tel: 020 7291 4800 Fax: 020 7323 4780 Email: [email protected] Limited by guarantee Registered in England: 954616 Registered charity: 258815 Copyright Privacy © 2025 The Institute for Fiscal Studies Design and development by Soapbox