Skip to content

CFDs are complex instruments. 71% of retail client accounts lose money when trading CFDs, with this investment provider. You can lose your money rapidly due to leverage. Please ensure you understand how this product works and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing money.

Personal
Academy
Help
Log in
IG
Trading
Platforms and tools
About us
Market analysis
Learning
English
Create live account
Trade CFDs with the world’s No.1 provider1

Earn up to $150 in cashback on your first trades.2

Got questions? Chat with us anytime via web chat or WhatsApp to get started.

Access 17,000+ markets all in one

Trade a wide range of global markets 24/7, with spreads as low as 0.1 points. View all markets

Forex

Long or short currency pairs like EUR/USD & USD/JPY.

Indices

Trade 80+ global indices like the US 500 & FTSE 100.

Shares

Benefit from longer trading hours on 13,000+ shares.

Commodities

Trade popular commodities like gold, oil, and natural gas.

Cryptocurrencies

Jump on the latest crypto trends, no wallet required.

ETFs

Choose from 5,400+ ETFs across a range of markets.

Enjoy exclusive rewards and rebates

Get more from your trading by earning additional funds based on your activity.

Welcome cashback

Get up to $150 in cashback during your first two months trading with us.2

Learn more

Refer a friend

Earn up to $10,000 by inviting your friends to join and trade with IG.3

Learn more

Volume-based rebates

Benefit from rebates on your spreads or commissions when trading high volumes.

Learn more

Experience award-winning platforms

Fast, easy-to-use web platform and app

Access to the popular MetaTrader 4 (MT4) platform

Specialist platforms and charting with L2 dealer, ProRealTime & TradingView

Comprehensive suite of alerts and risk-management tools

Join 400,000+ traders who trust us

17,000

+

markets available

50

+

years’ experience

FTSE 250

listed company

18

offices globally

Everything you need to trade the markets

For experienced traders

Choose your platform ↗

See our costs and spreads ↗

Learn more about weekend trading ↗

Discover how we support you ↗

For new traders

Learn to trade ↗

Discover new opportunities ↗

Understand risk management ↗

Test your trading strategies ↗

Join IG

Get started in 3 simple steps.

Answer some questions

Tell us a bit more about you.

Verify your account

This can usually be done instantly.

Fund and start trading

Deposit via credit card, Wise or bank transfer.

1 Based on revenue (published financial statements, August 2024). 
2 See full terms and conditions for more details. 
3 See full terms and conditions for more details.

Markets

Share CFDs

Forex

Indices

Commodities

Other markets

Trading platforms

Web platform

Trading apps

TradingView

MetaTrader 4

MetaTrader 5

ProRealTime

Compare features

Demo

Learn to trade

News and trade ideas

Trading strategy

About

Charges and margins

Premium services

Refer a friend

Marketing partnerships

Corporate accounts

Contact us

Web chat: Click here

WhatsApp: Click here to chat to us on our official Whatsapp channel

 

IG
Terms and agreements.
Privacy
How to fund
Vulnerability
Cookies
About IG
Follow us online

IG International Limited is part of the IG Group and its ultimate parent company is IG Group Holdings Plc. IG Group established in London in 1974, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index.

 

The risks of loss from investing in CFDs can be substantial and the value of your investments may fluctuate. 71% of retail client accounts lose money when trading CFDs, with this investment provider. CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how this product works, and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.

CFD Accounts provided by IG International Limited. IG International Limited is licensed to conduct investment business and digital asset business by the Bermuda Monetary Authority.

IG provides an execution-only service. The information in this site does not contain (and should not be construed as containing) investment advice or an investment recommendation, or an offer of or solicitation for transaction in any financial instrument. IG accepts no responsibility for any use that may be made of these comments and for any consequences that result.

The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.

IG International Limited is part of the IG Group and its ultimate parent company is IG Group Holdings Plc. IG International Limited receives services from other members of the IG Group including IG Markets Limited.

Careers
IG Group
© 2003-2025

We use a range of cookies to give you the best possible browsing experience. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies. You can view our cookie policy and edit your settings here, or by following the link at the bottom of any page on our site.

Agree