iGameMedia.com Search for: Search Sign in to Techup - Child theme Remember Me Lost your password? Hello, Friend! Sign up Ask a question × iGameMedia.com Home About Us Services Trading Retail Rights Holders Sportsbook Case Studies News Trading Retail Rights Holders Sportsbook Contact Us Slider Sports Streaming Industry Leader In End To End Innovative global leader in the aggregation and distribution of live sporting events to the sports betting industry. Delivering some of the world’s top tier events from the stadium to the customer for our rights partners. Infrastructure Enterprise Level Global Video Ingest Built upon decades of collective technical know how and expertise, an architecture capable of ingesting content in any format, any encryption, any bitrate, anywhere. Virtually Unlimited Distribution Capacity A network that has been built to scale and facilitate practically limitless levels of traffic, already serving millions of users around the world each month. About us About Us iGameMedia is a global leader in ultra-low latency content for the sports betting industry and neutrality focussed applications between sports rights holders and online operators. We deliver the ultimate user experience to customers and their audiences. LEARN MORE Counters 0 + Worldwide Customers 0 + Retail Outlets, UK & Europe 0 K+ Virtual Events Per Year 0 K+ Events Per Year 0 M+ Unique Views Per Month section-2dd5f0f Our Services Our services are both modular and integrated, in that we can tailor our offering to match your specific requirements. Come to us for a single service, or a complete end-to-end solution. Sportsbook A revolutionary streaming platform, the ONEPlatform is a content aggregation and integration solution that delivers all digital sports content through our API, supported with 100% fixture mapping across key content providers. LEARN MORE Retail Introducing iGameMedia’s complete sportsbook retail service designed to deliver a cost-effective IP solution for all digital content gantry displays across live sports, virtuals, games, data, and pricing. LEARN MORE Trading Delivering ultra-low latency high definition content from sporting rights holders globally. With over 100,000 live events streamed annually, our product is the world’s most powerful B2B solution in the market. LEARN MORE Rights Holders iGameMedia offers digital rights holders a global content access solution in delivering real-time streaming services to the sportsbook and broadcast markets supported by our customer-ready streaming platform. LEARN MORE Testimonials OG Our Work Our clients see us as partners working with them to elevate their business performance and get the best possible return on their investment. See below for an idea of the clients we are proud to have worked with. Testimonials OG Testimonials OG "We at the Entain group have used the iGameMedia OTT Trading application for many years. Not only is it a very important part of the Traders armoury it is also is a great help to our Operations teams with resourcing results/solving customers queries by using the video archive. The pictures are clear and extremely fast and the multi-screen viewing option is a god send at busy periods. This really is an excellent product which I would have no hesitation in recommending." Jason Saywell Head Of Trading Operations "iGame have been a great partner for us. They have a can do attitude to everything they approach which has been vital to us as we set up new operations and develop new products. Their experience, knowledge and relationships across the betting industry, along with their robust and reliable video platforms, make them an excellent partner for us." Chris Catling Senior Director "We are delighted to partner up with iGameMedia, we needed to find a technical partner that firstly had experience in the digital broadcast space but also the betting space. Together we have truly transformed our Darts offering by launching the MODUS Super Series earlier this year demonstrates their commitment to success aligned to our own ambitions." William Lovell MODUS Super Series News & Insight Our News Learn more about iGameMedia and how our partners and clients are utilising our technical solutions to innovative and accelerate growth within the industry. MODUS Super Series Darts debuts exclusively on Pluto TV MODUS Super Series and Pluto TV have entered a groundbreaking partnership to bring darts to viewers in the UK and across several international markets 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. MODUS Super Series Darts is a brand new channel, available for free on Pluto TV, dedicated to providing darts programming around the clock. . view details iGameMedia and Betinvest in Strategic Partnership iGameMedia and Pragmatic Play join forces to deliver a fully supported Sportsbook Platform Solution Contact Us Contact Us If you are interested in working with us or would like to know more about our products and services, we'd love to hear from you. CONTACT US 55-59 Adelaide Street, Belfast BT2 8FE, N.I. ------- 1st Floor, 60 Circular Road Douglas, Isle of Man ------- UK: +44 (0)28 9521 8598 Recent Posts MODUS Super Series Darts debuts exclusively on Pluto TV iGameMedia and Betinvest in Strategic Partnership iGameMedia and Pragmatic Play join forces to deliver a fully supported Sportsbook Platform Solution Join Our Email List First Name Last Name Email address Company Area of interest Retail Rights Holder Sportsbook Trading Leave this field empty if you're human: igamemedia.com 2024