Home | IGT A Global Leader in Gaming Careers Investors News Events Hi ! Logout Your Account Login Create
                        account Logout Site Search Casino and VLT Games Programs / Par Sheets Cancel FinTech Gaming PlayDigital About Us Sustainability FinTech Gaming PlayDigital About Us Sustainability Careers Investors News Events Hi ! Logout Your Account Login Create
                        account Logout FinTech Casino Solutions All Casino Solutions AML Compliance Cash Management Casino Operations Central Credit Payment Solutions All Payment Solutions ATMs & Kiosks CashClub® Crypto Currency Payment Modules Security Suite Loyalty All Loyalty Enroll Flex Rewards Promo QuikMarketing Mobile All Mobile BeOn Casino BeOn Pay2Game BeOn Venue Rapid Response Vi™ View all FinTech Gaming Products All Products Premium Mechanical Reels Core Video Electronic Table Games Class II Video Poker VLT/Distributed Historical Horse Racing Browse All Products Systems & Hardware All Systems & Hardware Systems Cabinets Services & Support All Services & Support Global Services Portfolio Idea Submission Policy Machine Lead Time Machine Lead Time Admin RMA Warranty Request Support@IGT Portal Downloads All Downloads Media Downloads - Games Media Downloads - Systems Media Downloads - Cabinets Recent Downloads Web Plugins IPC Config Download IPC Config Upload International License Manager Programs All Programs PAR Search CNs AVP Multi-Game SAS Protocol STARS Customer STARS Reports Guide Product Compatibility Matrix Training and Documentation All Training and Documentation IGT University Customer Documentation Library View all Gaming All Games Search Search our vast library of games, ranging from our latest releases to classic hits! All IGT Parts Contact us by email at csfaxlv@igt.com or by phone at 866-777-8448, option 3. All Global Support Call Us: +1 (866) 777-8448​ Email Us: support@igt.com All Where to Play Big Jackpots. Big Wins. An interactive one-stop source to find nearby progressive jackpots, celebrate latest jackpot wins, and more!​ PlayDigital All Casino IGT PlayDigital Casino delivers a top-quality portfolio of omni-channel content and comprehensive business solutions for the ever-changing, regulated iGaming market. All PlaySports IGT PlaySports offers a full suite of industry-leading B2B retail betting solutions, tailored for sportsbook operators. View all PlayDigital About Us About Us All About Us Who We Are Management Team Compliance Global Sustainability Contact Us News All News Newsroom Events Awards and Honors Media Line Careers All Careers Find Jobs Investor Relations All Investor Relations ESG Financials Stock Information Investor Resources IGT Supplier Portal All IGT Supplier Portal IGT Potential Supplier Form View all About Us MAGIC IS ON THE RISE Magic Treasures™ Gold gives your players more reasons to keep spinning! Learn More Dual Screen. Portrait Attitude. The RISE32™ is a distinctively modern gaming cabinet with impressive launch titles designed to stand out and elevate performance on your casino floor. Learn More MOVE FASTER WITH JACKPOTXPRESS Streamline jackpot payouts with mobile hand-pays that reduce wait times and keep players in action. Learn More One Game. Everywhere You Play. One Game. One Experience. Everywhere You Play. Experience the best of both worlds: Play your favorite IGT titles on land or online - from classic Cleopatra to our first simultaneous omni launch, Eternal Link. Learn More IGT ADVANTAGE X™ The new frontier of CMS design has arrived. The latest in on-prem & cloud-based technology. Learn More Vintage Aesthetic. Modern Feel. Experience that vintage Vegas vibe with Everi’s brand-new Player Classic Premiere™ cabinet. Delight your stepper players with three new game families built on proven math and mechanics. Learn More Previous Next United States & Canada Latin America Europe, Middle East & Africa USA & CAN LAC EMEA Choose Your Region Select from below to discover products specific to your region. United States & Canada Latin America Europe, Middle East & Africa Close Integrated Excellence by IGT and Everi Together we are redefining the gaming industry. By uniting IGT’s product portfolio depth and performance track record with Everi’s innovation and FinTech expertise, we have created the most comprehensive end-to-end solution for operators worldwide. This new powerhouse combines world-class Games , advanced Systems , modern Cabinets , trusted FinTech solutions and dynamic Digital platforms. Together—we are built to win. Games Search Hottest Hits Wheel of Fortune PlayDigital Systems FinTech View All Products and Services Gaming Support Training & Skills Par Sheets Gaming Media Downloads Customer Notifications Cabinet Standouts Built to deliver thrilling player experiences and easy serviceability. SkyRise™ SkyRise™ RISE55™ RISE55™ RISE32™ RISE32™ Player Classic Premiere™ Player Classic Premiere™ Dynasty Sol™ Dynasty Sol™ View All Cabinets We are redefining the gaming industry by creating the most comprehensive end-to-end solution for casino operators. Be among the first to witness the beginning of a new era dominated by Content, Performance, Innovation and Expertise. We’ve Got Game, and We’re Bringing the Fun! Dive into a world where creativity meets top-tier gaming excitement. From designing games to playing them, at IGT we infuse every moment with a sense of fun and adventure. We’ve Got Game, and We’re Bringing the Fun! Dive into a world where creativity meets top-tier gaming excitement. From designing games to playing them, at IGT we infuse every moment with a sense of fun and adventure. Wheel of Fortune Trio Magic Treasures™ Gold IGT ADVANTAGE X™ Achieving MLP Success IGT delivers top-performing slot games with proven staying power through systematic development, extensive player testing, and strong math models. Iconic brands enhanced with modern innovation to drive impressive and lasting casino floor performance. Trending Games Homerun Hits Path to Success What's Next The Video Poker Standard IGT is the standard for top-performing video poker games, blending iconic titles and hardware excellence to elevate your floor’s performance. Explore Video Poker TrueAim™ - Precison is Power TrueAim™ redefines precision marketing delivering more impactful player offers while cutting unnecessary spending. Unlock actionable insights into player behavior that translate directly to better customer experiences and sustained retention. TrueAim™ Who We Are IGT stands as a global leader in the gaming industry, renowned for its innovative solutions and cutting-edge technology. With our headquarters in Las Vegas, the heart of the gaming world, and a dedicated team of 7,000+ employees worldwide, we are leading the way in delivering exceptional experiences across the globe. Learn More Who We Are IGT stands as a global leader in the gaming industry, renowned for its innovative solutions and cutting-edge technology. Learn More Careers Our success depends on hiring great people — people as diverse as the global communities we serve. Join our Team Investors Find our latest financial information, annual reports, investor events, presentations, and ESG information. See Investor Information News Read about our efforts to drive innovation, support our customers and promote the gaming industry worldwide. Stay Informed Events Join industry experts and get first-hand experience with our latest products and strategies at our events across the globe. View Upcoming Events Latest News As the industry leader, IGT is committed to sharing the latest information. December 9, 2025 IGT Slots Deliver Three Million-Dollar-Plus Jackpots in November Read More December 3, 2025 IGT Ushers in New Era of Leadership with Incoming CEO Hector Fernandez Read More November 12, 2025 IGT Wheel of Fortune and Powerbucks Slots Deliver Three Million-Dollar-Plus Jackpots in October Read More November 3, 2025 Everi and Vegas Golden Knights Launch "VGKPay" Mobile Wallet to Enhance Fan Experience Read More More News How Can We Help? Gaming Support Find technical support for troubleshooting, issue resolution, and best practices. Find technical support for troubleshooting, issue resolution, and best practices. Training & Skills Systems and games are constantly evolving - we ensure you and your team's knowledge evolves with them. Systems and games are constantly evolving - we ensure you and your team's knowledge evolves with them. Par Sheets Find everything you need to keep your games up and running at maximum efficiency. Find everything you need to keep your games up and running at maximum efficiency. Gaming Media Downloads Download high-quality game graphics to promote new games on your floor. Download high-quality game graphics to promote new games on your floor. Customer Notifications Access CNs and Support to stay in sync with updates for your games through our Support Portal. Access CNs and Support to stay in sync with updates for your games through our Support Portal. Licenses Privacy Notice Data Privacy Request Terms of Use Trademarks IGT and affiliate companies hold more than 500 global gaming licenses, governed by state, provincial, national, tribal, and other governmental gaming agencies. In accordance with jurisdictional legislation, IGT is required to disclose that it is licensed and regulated by: IGT, IGT D&B d.o.o. Beograd, IGT EMEA Gaming Kft, IGT Europe Gaming BV, IGT (Gibraltar) Limited, IGT Malta Casino Limited, IGT Technology Development (Beijing) Company Limited, IGT-UK Gaming Limited, IGT UK Interactive Limited,  IGT (UK2) Limited, and ISB Albion Limited are licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account numbers 64569 , 64572 , 64571 , 64575 , 64577 , 60415 , 64574 , 64568 , 64570 , 64576 and 54705 . IGT Europe Gaming B.V. (C 800448704) having registered office at Galwin 2, Amsterdam, 1046AW, the Netherlands is licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority, holding license number MGA/CRP/359/2017 issued on 1st August 2018. The license authorizes IGT Europe Gaming BV to offer Type 1 (Casino) Critical Gaming Supplies. IGT Malta Casino Ltd (C 40930) having registered office at 35 Triq id-Dejqa, Valletta, VLT 1434, Malta is licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority, holding license number MGA/CRP/168/2007 issued on 1st August 2018. The license authorizes IGT Malta Casino Ltd to offer Type 1 (Casino) Critical Gaming Supplies. ISB Magma Ltd (C 89637) having registered office at 35 Straight Street, Valletta, VLT 1434, Malta is licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority, holding license number MGA/B2B/624/2018 issued on 12th May 2021. The license authorizes ISB Magma Ltd to offer Type 1 (Casino) Critical Gaming Supplies. © 2025 IGT. All rights reserved. We are committed to making responsible gambling a priority. If you or a loved one needs support with a gambling problem, please call or text the National Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-Gambler or visit www.ncpgambling.org for more information and support. © 2025 IGT. All rights reserved.