IHMC Search for: Menu Research Agile Computing Human-Machine Teamwork Computational & Philosophical Foundations Cybersecurity Healthspan, Resilience & Performance Human-Machine Communication & Language Processing Intentions, Beliefs & Trust Knowledge Discovery, Data Science, Learning from Big Data Knowledge Modeling, Work Analysis & Simulation, and Expertise Studies Augmentics Robotics, Exoskeletons, & Human Robotic Interdependence Visualization & Human-Centered Displays Study Participation CmapTools People About The IHMC Story Science Advisory Council Board of Directors Employment Opportunities Internship Opportunities Contact IHMC Internal Outreach Evening Lectures Science Saturdays Robotics Camp Teacher and Parent Resources News Newsletters STEM-Talk Art of Innovation – “Mentor” The Institute for Human & Machine Cognition (IHMC) pioneers technologies aimed at leveraging and extending human capabilities. Explore our research areas to see what we’re doing. Featured Research AI is still comparatively young, and like every young interdisciplinary area, it evolves as new ideas and insights are revealed and new methods and techniques become available. IHMC researchers James Allen, Kenneth Ford, Clark Glymour, Patrick Hayes, Choh Man Teng, Brent Venable, and Yorick Wilks actively are... AI is still comparatively young, and like every young interdisciplinary area, it evolves as new ideas and insights are revealed and new methods and techniques become available. IHMC researchers James Allen, Kenneth Ford, Clark Glymour, Patrick Hayes, Choh Man Teng, Brent Venable, and Yorick Wilks actively are interested in clarifying the philosophical foundations of AI and cognitive science.
Rethinking the aims of AI
Traditionally, the goal of artificial intelligence was the creation of a ‘human-level’ mechanical intelligence, a kind of simulated human being that could pass the Turing Test... Computational & Philosophical Foundations A human-centered approach to visualization amplifies and extends human perceptual, cognitive, and performance capabilities, casting information into a form that exploits the unique properties of our perceptual system’s information processing capabilities.
New visual displays being developed by IHMC researchers Larry Bunch, Tom Eskridge, Jeff Bradshaw, David Still, Matt Johnson, and... A human-centered approach to visualization amplifies and extends human perceptual, cognitive, and performance capabilities, casting information into a form that exploits the unique properties of our perceptual system’s information processing capabilities.
New visual displays being developed by IHMC researchers Larry Bunch, Tom Eskridge, Jeff Bradshaw, David Still, Matt Johnson, and Michael Vignati exploit current vision and neuroscience research to reinvent the presentation of information by harnessing the sophisticated processing power of the human visual system. These displays present data in a manner that allows the operator to understand the... Visualization & Human-Centered Displays Computer systems that interact with their environment, such as self-driving vehicles, autopilot systems, and other robotic devices, may sometimes operate without people supervising or otherwise directly controlling their actions. Although not strictly independent of us, they may be said in some respects to be “autonomous,” insofar as they are sensing and interpreting the world,... Computer systems that interact with their environment, such as self-driving vehicles, autopilot systems, and other robotic devices, may sometimes operate without people supervising or otherwise directly controlling their actions. Although not strictly independent of us, they may be said in some respects to be “autonomous,” insofar as they are sensing and interpreting the world, choosing actions, and adjusting their behavior to meet pre-defined goals through a feedback process. They are to some degree self-directed and self-sufficient. As such systems become more capable, people may assign them responsibilities and give them authority previously relegated to... Intentions, Beliefs & Trust See All Research Areas UWF-IHMC Joint Ph.D. program in Intelligent Systems and Robotics Learn More Outreach Talks Science Saturdays News Newsletters Upcoming Evening Lectures Pensacola // January 22, 2026 Dan Ferris Measuring Brain Activity in Real World Tasks and Environments More Info All Pensacola Lectures Ocala // January 22, 2026 Mark Emery Our Amazing Wild Backyard More Info All Ocala Lectures Recent Episodes of STEM-Talk Episode 189: NASA’s Flawed Plan to Return to the Moon – with Mike Griffin & Lisa Porter // Dec 11, 2025 Episode 188: Marina Walther-Antonio discusses the microbiome’s role in women’s health and cancer // Oct 31, 2025 View Our Latest Newsletters View Archived Newsletters Last Gallery from Pensacola December 13, 2025 Heath Parr Computer Game Design View Gallery Last Gallery from Ocala November 8, 2025 Dr. Andrei Sourakov The Natural History of Butterflies View Gallery Latest News STEM-Talk: NASA’s Flawed Plan to Return to the Moon – with Mike Griffin and Lisa Porter IHMC partners with Conduit Venture Labs to accelerate commercialization efforts Research platforms aim to better support military personnel in high-stress environments Study for U.S. Air Force Research Lab tracks impact of ketones on pilot ventilation National Institute on Aging funded study tracks changes to gait as we age Meet Alex, IHMC’s next generation humanoid robot Decades of AI-expertise fuel growth of National Center for Collaborative Autonomy Entrepreneurs, researchers find opportunity at Northwest Florida Pitch Day IHMC honored by Humanoid Robotics Technology as Outstanding Research Organization STEM-Talk: Marina Walther-Antonio on the microbiome and gynecologic cancers Participate The IHMC Society welcomes your tax- deductible contribution to benefit the research and outreach programs of the Florida Institute for Human & Machine Cognition (IHMC). The Board of Directors of the Florida Institute for Human & Machine Cognition appreciate your generosity and look forward to your further participation in the activities of the IHMC Public Lecture Series. For more information on how to directly link yourself or your company to the work of IHMC, Please call 850-202-4400. Donation Levels Benefactors' Circle: $1,000 or more (Special invitations to dinner with Speakers, autographed books, reserved seating and private receptions) Speakers' Circle: $500-$999 (Reserved seating and private receptions) Friend: $100-$499 Paypal IHMC Newsletter The IHMC Newsletter is generally published two to four times a year. It contains general information about what is going on at IHMC, including research projects, new employees, and outreach programs. View Current Issue View Archived Newsletters Subscribe to IHMC Newsletters Donate to IHMC IHMC is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization. We appreciate your generosity and look forward to your participation in future IHMC activities. Click the area you would like to donate to Pensacola Evening Lecture Ocala Evening Lecture Science Saturday General Donation PayPal Giving Fund Donation to IHMC Privacy Policy | Research Policies and Procedures © 2026 IHMC