interactive investor - the UK’s number one flat-fee investment platform - ii Why ii? News Help Search Log in Accounts & services ISAs Stocks & Shares ISA Managed Stocks & Shares ISA Junior ISA Transfer an ISA ISA investment ideas All ISA guides Pensions Personal Pension (SIPP) Managed Portfolios (NEW) Transfer a pension Trading Accounts Trading Account Joint Trading Account Company Account Transfer a Trading Account Other services Fees & charges Cash savings Recommend ii Friends & Family Investment Coach ii Advice (NEW) Start investing today Join us and over 500,000 others already investing for a brighter financial future. Open an account Investing Shares Shares Top UK shares Share tips & ideas Share dealing IPOs & new issues Funds, ETFs & bonds Funds ETFs Investment trusts Bonds & gilts Sustainable funds Most popular Top funds Top ETFs Top investment trusts Top US shares Markets International investing Multi-currency investing FTSE NASDAQ Dow Jones Start investing today Join us and over 500,000 others already investing for a brighter financial future. Open an account Pensions & retirement Saving for retirement Personal Pension (SIPP) Managed Portfolios (NEW) Pension investment ideas Contributing to your pension SIPP for self-employed Pension calculator Transferring your pension Consolidating your pensions Transfer a pension to ii Transfer options Compare pension providers ii vs Hargreaves Lansdown Pensions explained Pensions & tax All pension guides In retirement Planning for retirement Ways to access your pension Drawdown investment pathways Drawdown calculator Start investing today Join us and over 500,000 others already investing for a brighter financial future. Open an account Learn New to investing Investing guides Videos & podcasts Investing for beginners How to invest a lump sum All learning Compare accounts SIPP vs ISA Trading Account vs ISA Tax hub & insights Tax & allowances Tax Year End 2025-26 Expert tips to tax-efficient investing Hot topics The UK Budget 2026 investment outlook US earnings season Start investing today Join us and over 500,000 others already investing for a brighter financial future. Open an account Join ii Join ii Search Menu Accounts & services ISAs Stocks & Shares ISA Managed Stocks & Shares ISA Junior ISA Transfer an ISA ISA investment ideas All ISA guides Pensions Personal Pension (SIPP) Managed Portfolios (NEW) Transfer a pension Trading Accounts Trading Account Joint Trading Account Company Account Transfer a Trading Account Other services Fees & charges Cash savings Recommend ii Friends & Family Investment Coach ii Advice (NEW) Investing Shares Shares Top UK shares Share tips & ideas Share dealing IPOs & new issues Funds, ETFs & bonds Funds ETFs Investment trusts Bonds & gilts Sustainable funds Most popular Top funds Top ETFs Top investment trusts Top US shares Markets International investing Multi-currency investing FTSE NASDAQ Dow Jones Pensions & retirement Saving for retirement Personal Pension (SIPP) Managed Portfolios (NEW) Pension investment ideas Contributing to your pension SIPP for self-employed Pension calculator Transferring your pension Consolidating your pensions Transfer a pension to ii Transfer options Compare pension providers ii vs Hargreaves Lansdown Pensions explained Pensions & tax All pension guides In retirement Planning for retirement Ways to access your pension Drawdown investment pathways Drawdown calculator Learn New to investing Investing guides Videos & podcasts Investing for beginners How to invest a lump sum All learning Compare accounts SIPP vs ISA Trading Account vs ISA Tax hub & insights Tax & allowances Tax Year End 2025-26 Expert tips to tax-efficient investing Hot topics The UK Budget 2026 investment outlook US earnings season Why ii? News Help Join ii Log in Home Home For over half a million investors, the penny’s dropped. Unlike many investment platforms which charge you a percentage of your pot, with ii, you pay a low, flat fee . Join ii today and discover how you can keep more of the money you make. Open an account Transfer to ii Trustpilot Important information: As investment values can go down as well as up, you may not get back all of the money you invest. If you’re unsure if an investment account is right for you, please speak to an authorised financial adviser. Tax treatment depends on your individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Get a head start on the new year Put your best financial foot forward in 2026. Join ii today and kick off the year with our special offers : Get £100 to £3,000 cashback when you open an ii Personal Pension (SIPP). Minimum £20,000 deposit or transfer. Get £100 worth of free trades when you open an ii ISA or Trading Account. Offers end 31 January 2026. Terms apply. See more details Important information: It’s important to take your time before transferring your pension. Make sure to consider what the best option is for you. Don’t transfer just to qualify for the offer, and don't rush any decision to meet the offer deadline. We periodically run offers, and there will likely be other opportunities in the future. Before transferring your pension, check if you’ll be charged any exit fees and make sure you don't lose any valuable benefits such as, guaranteed annuity rates, lower protected pension age or matching employer contributions. Whatever your financial goal, we’ve got an account for that Personal Pension (SIPP) Invest in your dream retirement with our four-time Which? Recommended Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP). It’s pension peace of mind from just £5.99 a month. Open a pension Learn more Stocks & Shares ISA Get tax-free investing all wrapped up with our award-winning ii ISA , from just £4.99 a month. Take care of your own investments or let us manage them for you. Open an ISA Managed ISA Let us manage your ISA for you. Save time, leave it to the experts and feel confident in your investment goals - all for a low monthly subscription. Open a Managed ISA Trading Account Invest in the markets you want from £3.99 a trade. Access a wide range of UK, US and international shares in a flexible account. It’s safe, secure and simpler investing . Open a Trading Account Important information: The ii SIPP is for people who want to make their own decisions when investing for retirement. As investment values can go down as well as up, you may end up with a retirement fund that’s worth less than what you invested. Usually, you won’t be able to withdraw your money until age 55 (57 from 2028). If you’re unsure if a SIPP is right for you, please speak to an authorised financial adviser. Your investments? Managed by experts. Investing in a pension can seem like hard work. Picking out and managing your investments takes time - something we’re all short of. But with our new Managed Portfolios , it’s all taken care of for you. Our experts handle your investments so you don’t have to. It’s pension peace of mind - and still for our low, flat monthly fee. Discover the Managed Portfolios Keep more of what you make While most other providers take a percentage of your wealth, we charge a low, flat fee . So you can keep more of what’s rightfully yours. Access decades of expertise We’ve been helping people invest for 30 years . Our multi-award-winning range of accounts and expert insights are built on decades of experience. Lean on our UK-based support Our award-winning customer service team is only a phone call away. It’s why over 50% of our customers have been with us for more than 10 years. Why choose ii Your investments deserve better Better value investing is just a transfer away. Move your pensions, ISAs and investments to us and swap high, complicated percentage charges for a low, simple flat fee. It’s easier than you think. You’ll have the support of one of our case handlers to guide you through the process from start to finish. Transfer to ii Access one of the widest choices of investments on the market Whatever you’re looking for, we’ve got you covered. Explore our wide range of UK and international investment options. Shares With direct access to the UK, US and several other global markets, you’ll have the world of investing at your fingertips. Search our shares and find tips and ideas to help you build your portfolio. Explore shares Funds Passive, active, income and accumulation - the full spectrum of fund types are here for your choosing. Explore the range, see our expert picks and learn more about this type of investment. Explore funds ETFs With over 1,000 Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) to explore, you’ll get access to one of the widest ranges of low-cost ETFs around. Discover more about investing this way and find the right ETFs for you. Explore ETFs Investment trusts Our selection of investment trusts includes many of the most popular and top-traded choices by investors. Get insights from our experts to help you choose the right trusts for your portfolio. Explore trusts Bonds and gilts Balance your risk and get regular income, with a wide range of corporate and government bonds from the UK and beyond. Browse our bonds and learn why many choose to include them in their portfolio. Explore bonds & gilts Why more people are choosing ii “ii are night and day compared to other providers. We were looking for fairer charges, good reviews and what other people experienced. And they ticked every box. That’s why we’re with ii. ” Hear why our ISA and SIPP investors have joined over 500,000 people taking greater control of their money with ii. ISA success stories SIPP success stories Start investing today Become an ii investor in a matter of minutes. Join us and over 500,000 others already investing for a brighter financial future. Open an account Trustpilot Trustpilot Investment accounts Open a SIPP Open an ISA Open a Trading Account Open a Junior ISA Cash savings See all investment accounts Investing with ii Transfer pension to SIPP Transfer an ISA Transferring to ii International investing Regular investing Sustainable investing IPOs Useful links Account log in Research log in Mobile trading app Press centre About us Affiliate programme Important information Disclosures Legal terms Privacy Cookies Security policy Security hub Need help Help centre Accessibility Contact us Careers Useful forms Site map © 2018 - 2025 Interactive Investor Services Limited. All Rights Reserved. Interactive Investor Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.