Homepage | IIE Skip to main content IIE Menu Close Search for: Search Close Scholarships & Programs Services Scholarships and Fellowships Training and Capacity Building International Education Global Outreach and Recruitment Study Tours and Delegations Evaluations and Impact Studies Research Services US Exchange Visitor Sponsorship English Language Proficiency (TOEFL) IIE’s Sponsors  & Partners Research IIE’s Crisis Response Get Involved Giving at IIE Partner with IIE Become a Member Publications Join Our Team Procurement Study Abroad Resources Events & Webinars Open search Donate About Us ​Contact Us Blog News Careers Capture the Power of International Education A global not-for-profit established in 1919, IIE is the first private organization facilitating international exchanges. We create and implement international education programs, conduct research, and provide life-changing opportunities for students, scholars, and artists worldwide. See Services Global Internships & Study Abroad: An Employer Perspective More universities are focusing on international internships and experiential activities for students, more directly linking academics with global workforce needs. Read the report Find a Program IIE manages more than 200 programs with participants from more than 180 countries. In the last year alone, more than 29,000 people participated in IIE managed programs. Use our program finder to explore opportunities. Explore Previous slide Next Slide What We Do Scholarships and Programs Program Development Crisis Response Research Find a Scholarship or Program Our regional expertise and global presence help us create a better tomorrow for individuals around the world Our network of offices and affiliates around the world is led by talented and dedicated international education experts who implement initiatives driven by key regional needs as well as the goals of our sponsors. Europe The Americas Middle East and North Africa Sub Saharan Africa South and Central Asia East Asia and the Pacific Europe In the aftermath of World War I, the Institute of International Education (IIE) first began its work by organizing student exchanges with several European governments as well as faculty and teacher exchanges. LEARN MORE The Americas Managing international education exchange programs in the Western Hemisphere since its earliest days of operation, IIE has over the past 90 years opened additional offices throughout the United States and Latin America to serve this region. Learn more Building Education Networks Across Africa IIE delivers programs and works with global universities in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, reaching over 7,000 students, scholars, and professionals. As a result of IIE’s partnerships with corporations, international governments, ministries, foundations, and the U.S. government, thousands of students, scholars, and professionals from the region have gained access to the world’s leading higher education and training programs. Learn More Sub Saharan Africa IIE has had a presence in Sub-Saharan Africa that spans over 30 years, and implements a range of programs to build leadership capacity and expand access to higher education in the region. With its office in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and extensive history working in the region, IIE has a strong set of programs in leadership development, organizational effectiveness, and higher education scholarship administration. LEARN MORE South and Central Asia Working closely with businesses, governments, and non-governmental organizations in the South and Central Asia region, IIE has developed and implemented a strong set of activities in higher education scholarship administration, leadership development, and critical development fields, including energy. LEARN MORE East Asia and the Pacific IIE’s first-hand knowledge of local educational communities as well as decades of experience working with people from all backgrounds and cultures in East Asia and the Pacific have enabled us to cultivate a broad network of relationships among government, non-profit, and academic sectors. LEARN MORE Our community A Network Building the Future of Education IIE members, alumni, and our social media group help elevate ideas and build support for international education. Get Involved Our Expertise Worldwide Presence In Over 85 Countries From the South Pacific to the North Atlantic, IIE provides programs, development, research, and crisis support to everyone in international education. Programs at a Glance Our history A Century of International Exchange IIE was one of the first institutes to champion international exchange, pioneering some of the earliest scholar and student exchanges between the U.S. and the world. Commemorating a century Featured News IIE, DAAD Release Report Calling for Continued Investment in US-European Academic Collaboration Dr. Allan E. Goodman Receives EAIE President’s Award IIE Odyssey Selection Committee Awards New Scholarships to 8 Refugee and Displaced Students From 5 Countries Help create a more peaceful, just, and prosperous world. Support IIE IIE twitter instagram facebook linkedin youtube Help share knowledge and create a better future by supporting IIE, a four-star Charity Navigator organization. Donate © 2025 Institute of International Education, Inc. All rights reserved. INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION, IIE, THE POWER OF EDUCATION, and OPENING MINDS TO THE WORLD are trademarks or registered trademarks of Institute of International Education, Inc. in the United States and other countries. IIE Websites Terms and Conditions IIE Pay Participant Tax Information IIE Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Sign up for iie's impact newsletter