IIHS-HLDI Skip to content Vehicle ratings News Research areas About We are a nonprofit scientific and educational organization dedicated to making roads and vehicles safer for everyone. Learn about our 30x30 initiative to cut roadway fatalities. Latest Big blind zones linked to left-turn crashes A large driver-side blind zone raises the risk of striking a pedestrian during a left turn by 70%, a new IIHS study shows. Find vehicle ratings by make and model Suggestions will appear as you type. You can specify a year too. Award winners Browse the vehicles that perform best in our evaluations More news and featured work Insight by Rebecca Weast Asleep at the wheel Drowsy driving gets relatively little attention compared with other problematic driver behaviors. But the risks are apparent — and so are the solutions. Sixteen more models earn IIHS awards The latest additions bring the total number of 2025 Top Safety Pick + award winners to 66 and the number of 2025 Top Safety Pick winners to 18. No jump in crashes due to headlight glare Glare is implicated in just a tiny fraction of nighttime crashes, and that percentage has hardly changed over the past decade, a new IIHS study shows. Key issues in road safety Advanced driver assistance Front crash prevention, partial automation, limitations of crash prevention technologies Alcohol and drugs Alcohol and crash risk, laws, marijuana enforcement Distracted driving Cellphone use and crash risk, device laws, technologies to combat distraction Large trucks Trucking regulations, fatigue, braking systems, underride Motorcycles Helmet laws, ABS, motorcycle types Pedestrians and bicyclists Vehicle designs, intersections, crash avoidance technologies, daylight savings time Red light running Effectiveness of cameras, signal timing, communities using red light safety cameras Seat belts Why belts matter, state laws, reminders and interlocks Speed Dangers of speed, by the numbers, traffic calming, intelligent speed assistance See all our research areas Explore our guides Young driver safety: a guide for parents of teens Driving with kids: a guide for parents and caregivers Shopping for safety: a guide for new and used vehicle buyers End of main content Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin TikTok Vehicle ratings News Research areas Who we are Member groups Careers Media resources Contact us A free resource for students and teachers Learn about the initiative Making roads and vehicles safer for everyone. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) is an independent, nonprofit scientific and educational organization dedicated to reducing deaths, injuries and property damage from motor vehicle crashes through research and evaluation and through education of consumers, policymakers and safety professionals. The Highway Loss Data Institute (HLDI) shares and supports this mission through scientific studies of insurance data representing the human and economic losses resulting from the ownership and operation of different types of vehicles and by publishing insurance loss results by vehicle make and model. Both organizations are wholly supported by these auto insurers and insurance associations . ©1996-2025, Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Highway Loss Data Institute, 501(c)(3) organizations | Copyright information and privacy policy