Integrated Library Systems | Library Services Platform | Library Management Systems | iii.com Contact What’s New Support Search for: Products Vega LX Discover Promote WebBuilder Donate Program Mobile Interact Sierra Polaris Resource Sharing MyLibrary! Encore Vital Virtua SkyRiver Syndetics Unbound Services Hosting Training Workflow Analysis Custom Development Managed Services Community The IUG Events & Webinars Idea Exchange Developer Resources Resources Webinar Replays About Customers Diversity & Inclusion Partners Announcements Careers Products Vega LX Discover Promote WebBuilder Donate Program Mobile Interact Sierra Polaris Resource Sharing MyLibrary! Encore Vital Virtua SkyRiver Syndetics Unbound Services Hosting Training Workflow Analysis Custom Development Managed Services Community The IUG Events & Webinars Idea Exchange Developer Resources Resources Webinar Replays About Customers Diversity & Inclusion Partners Announcements Careers Menu Item A library experience that matters For wherever and however patrons connect with your library, Innovative helps you deliver an intuitive and exciting library experience to patrons, staff, and donors, whether in the library or online. Based on Our Shared Values We embrace our differences and look for opportunities to develop solutions that increase access, promote equity and support inclusion, putting community first and helping every library reach its greatest potential. Boost Productivity Innovative provides solutions that streamline workflows, reduce tedious tasks, and unlock efficiencies so staff can reinvest time in library programs and community engagement. Excite Your Community We help libraries meaningfully and consistently connect with patrons to create involved community advocates and build more modern, impactful experiences. Invest Responsibly Through our collaborative development process, we offer a full ecosystem of smart, scalable, and adaptive library solutions to maximize your operating budget and drive better outcomes. Our Library Partners Library Experience Suite Connect Vega Connect establishes a foundation that brings together the library’s enterprise system with modern patron engagement. It helps staff manage end-to-end experiences, providing a state-of-the-art context engine for linked data searches and exploration, a messaging engine, and an extended view of all patron activities. Discover Finding and exploring, checking out and reading are all simple, intuitive experiences with Vega Discover. By combining an accessible display with modern data standards, it provides a more user-friendly, intelligent presentation of library data, rolling all formats into a single title display and providing related resources. Learn more Interact Vega Interact ensures two-way conversation is at the heart of every patron relationship. It sends appealing and personalized notifications through preferred communications channels, answers questions via chatbot or live chat, and even integrates with digital assistants such as Alexa. Promote Vega Promote keeps patrons and community members well informed through targeted and relevant communications. Designed specifically for library marketing needs, you can easily run campaigns, build landing pages, design websites, and fundraise. Learn more Program Easily manage library events through registration forms, landing web pages, RSVP programs, and targeted contact lists. And make your programs more discoverable throughout the library experience by integrating them on websites, in emails, through showcases, and relating them to materials in the collection. Learn more Analyze Measure the library’s impact and outcomes, not just actions, through unified reporting across Vega LX and the ILS. With Analyze, you can quantify the value of the library through data and guided analysis, demonstrating ROI and expanding your services in a way that meets community needs. Library Experience Suite Deliver an engaging end-to-end library experience easily and at scale with this ultramodern suite. Vega Learn More Library Systems Seamlessly bring multiple library functions together with an efficient, user-friendly system designed to fit your staff and user needs. Sierra Learn More Polaris Learn More Mobile Apps Provide on-the-go access to collections and services direct from iOS or Android devices. Vega Mobile Learn More Mobile Worklists Learn More Resource Sharing Increase the materials you offer for an all-around better discovery experience that reduces expense while increasing patron satisfaction. INN-Reach Learn More Metadata Management Equip your catalogers with a database of 70+ million MARC records and Library of Congress authority records — all updated daily. SkyRiver Learn More Hear what our customers have to say From people who trusted and invested with us “I would definitely recommend Polaris for anyone looking for an ILS.  The customer service is second to none. They really listen to their customers. Every time we suggest ideas or enhancements, those ideas are taken seriously.” Laina Kelly Manager, Technology Services Yellowhead Regional Library “Innovative is a company full of dedicated people who are committed to libraries and the experience of their users. They love to change the industry for the better.” Thomas Vineberg Sr Library Tech, San Diego Public Library “We’ve loved our new integration to IPA:SMS it only took 72 hours from beta testing to full deployment! It was very successful for our patrons.” Derek Brown Director of IT, Rochester Hills Public Library “Polaris is an incredibly intuitive program and we’ve been able to train employees with all levels of library and technological experience. Our patrons also love it and I can’t wait to see what Vega will provide us all!” Kristen Tait Head of Access Services, Baldwin Public Library “Innovative’s commitment to actually innovating in the field of library products is largely helpful and something I appreciate.” Suri Smith Circulation Coordinator, Lexington County Public Library “We’ve been with Polaris for over 10 years, over this time I’ve had great Site Managers and Sales Contacts. We look forward to implementing Vega Discover and learning more about additional Vega products.” Amanda Riley Systems Librarian, New Orleans Public Library “Innovative Supportal offers my library ways to communicate our issues and get quick responses. Also free training to further our understanding of the ILS is helpful.” Amy Blake Acquisitions, Knox County Public Library “My experience has been positive overall. Sierra allows a large amount of flexibility, both for internal applications as well as third party implementations.” Ann L ILS Manager, Lakeland Library Cooperative “The reason we chose Polaris was we were really impressed with the features and abilities. And, of course, we fell in love with the people…we could tell they were passionate about the product and they were innovating.” Amie Scott Asst. Director Brownsburg Public Library “Support staff are prompt to respond to questions and follow up on issues as they arise. Documentation is thorough, and for the most part I can find out my answers without needing to put in a ticket.” Kayla Payne Collections and Technology Manager, Jefferson Madison Regional Library “I would whole-heartedly recommend Innovative products to other libraries. Using all of the Vega LX products together provides a seamless patron experience, so every interaction looks similar, everything has a similar feel, and everything works the same way.” Betsy Raczkowski Head of Comms and Engagement, Rochester Hills Public Library “We would definitely recommend Vega Program to other libraries…The feedback has been very positive from both patrons and staff.” Ryan Gessner Asst. Director, Middle Country Public Library “Having tools that integrate and communicate with each other…has really been vital in ensuring we have consistent communication and a consistent experience for our patrons.” Robert Drake Asst. Director, Technology Operations Nassau Library System Talk to a sales consultant To get pricing or answers to your questions about our products, contact us. Contact Us Stay on the forefront of library technology Sign up for our newsletter. Sign Up Today Products Vega LX Mobile Interact Discover Program Promote WebBuilder Donate Sierra Polaris Resource Sharing MyLibrary! Encore Vital Virtua SkyRiver Services Hosting Services Training Workflow Analysis About Contact Customers Diversity & Inclusion Partners What’s New Careers Community The IUG Events & Webinars Idea Exchange Developer Resources Resources Webinar Replays © 2026 Innovative Interfaces, Inc Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Terms of Use Security Accessibility Slavery Act Statement Contact Us Close this module Drive innovation. Share impact. Share your library’s story of creativity, collaboration, and community impact. Submit Your Entry