III | We are the trusted source of unique, data-driven insights on insurance to inform and empower consumers. Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website. Home Sign In Search iii.org Main Insurance: The Basics About the Industry Auto Insurance Homeowners + Renters Insurance Life Insurance Financial Planning Business Insurance Disasters + Preparedness Thought Leadership Other Insurance Topics Research + Data Auto Catastrophes Commercial Crime + Fraud Homeowners Insurance Industry Life + Health Technology Resource Center Resilience Accelerator Apps Event Calendar I.I.I. Glossary I.I.I. Store Latest Studies Newsroom Presentations Publications The I.I.I. Insurance Blog Video Library MEMBERSHIP Learn More About Membership Register for a Member Account AMPLIFY Learn More About Amplify EN ESPAÑOL Conceptos Básicos de Seguros Connect With Us Popular search terms Automobile Home + Renters Claims Fraud Hurricane Popular Topics Automobile Home + Renters The Basics Disaster + Preparation Life Insurance Popular Media Video Library Research + Data Newsroom Sign In Please sign in to access member exclusive content. Email Address * Enter your username (email) Password * Enter your password. Forgot Password? Don't Have an Account? Register Now Learn more about membership Our Promise We are the Triple-I. The trusted voice of risk and insurance; providing unique, data-driven insights to educate, elevate and connect consumers, industry professionals, public policymakers, and media. Learn More Homeowners + Renters Insurance Trends and Insights: Homeowners Insurance More frequent losses from disasters, soaring construction costs, inflation, and other mounting pressures are driving homeowners insurance rates steadily higher. Despite these pressures, the homeowners insurance market is beginning to show early signs of stabilization. See also: Press release and Triple-I Blog . article BIIC Publishes New Research Advancing Pathway for Black Leadership in Insurance Industry, universities team up to study convective storms Triple-I chart of the week: Consumers expect an expensive holiday season as sales... ¿Habla Español? SPONSORED BY New and Trending Disasters + Preparedness Protect your home from winter weather With the arrival of cold weather, it's important to know how to protect your home against winter-related damage. Triple-I offers winter weather tips on preparing your property from freezing weather hazards. article Crime + Fraud How legal system abuse drives social inflation article Disasters + Preparedness Insurance for wildfires article Life Insurance Tips for finding a lost life insurance policy article Homeowners + Renters Insurance What should new homebuyers know about homeowners insurance? article Insight + Analysis About the Industry Careers in insurance The Triple-I highlights the wide range of career opportunities in the insurance industry and underscores its essential role in risk management. Resources for job seekers and students include The Institutes’ InsureMyPath , the Black Insurance Industry Collective and the CPCU Society Career Center . article Storm-resistant roof efforts gain ground Insurance Industry Insurance Economics for Property Casualty article About the Industry Triple-I Issues Briefs: State of the risk; Trends and Insights article Members: Subscribe to the Triple-I Daily Newsletter SPONSORED BY I.I.I. Glossary NOTICE OF LOSS- A written notice required by insurance companies immediately after an accident or other loss. Part of the standard provisions defining a policyholder's responsibilities after a loss. PREMIUM- The price of an insurance policy, typically charged annually or semiannually. (See Direct premiums , Earned premium , Unearned premium ) See Full Glossary Most Popular Most Shared Facts + Statistics: Tornadoes and thunderstorms Lightning safety: 10 myths—and the facts Facts + Statistics: Wildfires Facts + Statistics: Homeowners and renters insurance Facts + Statistics: Auto theft Facts + Statistics: Hurricanes Understanding the insurance claims payment process Nine ways to lower your auto insurance costs Facts + Statistics: Auto insurance Facts + Statistics: Insurance company rankings How is life insurance sold? Facts + Statistics: Auto theft Facts + Statistics: Flood insurance Facts + Statistics: Aggressive driving Lightning Caused $1.2 Billion in US Homeowners Claim Payouts in 2023; Severity Trends Upward for the Year Homeowners Insurance Basics Facts + Statistics: Wildfires ¿Entendiendo sus deducibles del seguro? Facts + Statistics: Homeowners and renters insurance Facts + Statistics: Auto insurance Insurance Information Institute Thought Leadership SPONSORED BY I.I.I. News Wire Triple-I: Homeowners Insurance Market Shows Early Signs of Stabilization as Post-COVID Inflation Pressures Level-Set Into ‘New Normal’ For Risk Pricing FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE media@iii.org MALVERN, Pa., Dec. 17, 2025 – As rising premiums and tightening coverage options continue to strain household budgets, millions of U.S. homeowners are grappling with the growing challenge of affording and maintaining adequate insurance protection. Read More Triple-I Georgia Legal System Abuse Campaign Recognized with MarCom Award Wins and Ragan Zenith Award Finalist Spot For Immediate Release: MEDIA CONTACT: media@iii.org     MALVERN, Pa., Nov. Read More See More News Releases Events Calendar Triple-I/Milliman Insurance Economics and Underwriting Projections: A Forward View January 21 2026 MEMBERS-ONLY: Join us for the Q1 exclusive, members-only briefing Wednesday, January 21, 11am - 12pm ET. You’ll learn about enhanced economic indicators of inflation and growth to help inform future underwriting projections and a forward-looking view at the P/C industry underwriting performance, including combined ratio, premium growth, and rate impact across all major product lines. Please contact members@iii.org for the secure registration link. Lightning Protection Institute Conference February 17 2026 The Lightning Protection Institute and United Lightning Protection will host a conference February 17–19, 2026, at The Westin in Sarasota, Florida. Checkout event website . See More Events Connect With Us Main Insurance: The Basics Research + Data Resource Center En Español Conceptos Básicos de Seguros Blogs Resilience Accelerator The Triple-I Blog Membership Learn More About Membership Register for a Member Account Amplify Learn More About Amplify More About the I.I.I. Advertising Opportunities Industry Directory Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Policy Site Map © Copyright 2025, Insurance Information Institute, Inc. All Rights Reserved.