Local Email & Web Hosting Solutions - Infinity Internet Services About Us Webmail Infinity Internet (New Webmail) For users with iinet.com, pacifier.com, nwlink.com, proaxis.com, tstonramp.com accounts For users with iinet.com, pacifier.com, nwlink.com, proaxis.com, tstonramp.com accounts EasyStreet Business Email Easystreet customers with their own domain Easystreet customers with their own domain EasyStreet.net Users (if prompted whether this is a personal or Work or School account, select Work or School) (if prompted whether this is a personal or Work or School account, select Work or School) Old Webmail For other users: pacifier.com, nwlink.com, iinet.com, e-z.net, proaxis.com For other users: pacifier.com, nwlink.com, iinet.com, e-z.net, proaxis.com Account/Billing My Account Secure Billing Portal Billing FAQs Support Support Articles Current System Status Remote Support Download Contact CALL (360) 735-3700 ✕ Your local email & webhosting solution INFINITY INTERNET / PACIFIER ONLINE Making Technology Easy Looking for a trusted email and webhosting provider NOW? Look no further than Pacifier Online, in business locally since 1987. Learn more Contact us Upfront Pricing We don't like surprises, neither should you. We offer competitive rates for our services. Anytime Service 24/7 on call support for your business needs. Qualified Experts We can provide you with the best solutions to your needs. ABOUT US  — Providing Local Service Since 1987! Pacifier Online and Infinity Internet have been serving your online needs since 1987 when Doug Palin first launched a local BBS. Since then the company has been through many changes and we are now back to our roots so to speak. In September 2021 after being on the sidelines Doug again acquired the legacy business of Atmosera which included many names that you know. Pacifier, Infinity Internet, Northwest link, TSTOnramp, Proaxis and Easystreet along with a few others. Read Our Full History SERVICES — Explore the benefits of our services Email hosting – We offer email hosting on our legacy domains as well as on customer owned domains. Office 365 Hosted Exchange – Both on our domains and customer owned domains. Web site hosting Business VOIP Phone Solutions IT and related Technology Consulting for your business In the ever changing environment of technology talk to us about your needs, we are happy to assist. TESTIMONIALS — See What Our Clients Have To Say... I’ve been rescued by Pacifier technical helpers again and again since about 1998.  I’m 90 and I’ll say it again:  Every time I’ve been helped the experience has made me wish that every other technical support service would be as good.  You’re the greatest. David Thanks for taking the reins back, so excited to hear this. Don Is it true? We are so glad to have you back! Karl Location PO Box 873116 Vancouver WA 98687-3116 (360) 735-3700 Hours 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM Monday – Friday Quick Links Home Services About Us Contact Us Terms and Conditions Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) Copyright © 2025 Pacifier Online | Powered by Pacifier Online CALL (360) 735-3700 PLEASE NOTE: We are NOT Xfinity but we seem to hear from their upset and confused customers a lot, the original Infinity Internet (iinet.com) was started in Temecula, CA in October 1995. Comcast being well Comcast decided to use the Xfinity name in 2010. If you have a problem with your service with Comcast’s Xfinity please click the logo below to contact them as we are unable to assist. Take me to Infinity/Pacifier & don't show this again