Skip to main content
About
Our Work
Articles
Publications
Events
Newsroom
Click to open the search form
Donate
Follow us
Trending:
 
Trends Shaping Global Subsidies
 
Turning Data into Action for Nature-Based Solutions
 
Fossil Fuel Subsidy Reform
EXPLAINER December 17, 2025
What’s Next for Sustainable Development in 2026

IISD President and CEO, Patricia Fuller, outlines the opportunities and challenges that will shape sustainable development in 2026.

Read more

The International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD) is an award-winning independent think tank working to create a world where people and the planet thrive.

About IISD
What We Do

Our research and policy work focuses on areas we deem ripe for transformation, where shifts in policy have the potential to change the game and where we have a proven record of making significant gains.

Climate

IISD helps governments achieve a just and equitable energy transition and turn adaptation plans into action.

Nature

IISD advances nature-based solutions through comprehensive benefits assessments and hands-on implementation. IISD Experimental Lakes Area protects freshwater systems through new research and policy guidance.

Sustainable Economies

IISD advances inclusive & effective policies across sectors to help build a future where prosperity is measured in resilience, equity, and environmental stewardship.

Flagship Initiatives
IISD Experimental Lakes Area

IISD Experimental Lakes Area (IISD-ELA) is an exceptional natural laboratory comprised of 58 small lakes and their watersheds set aside for scientific research.

NAP Global Network 

The NAP Global Network works with partners in the world’s most vulnerable countries to develop and implement climate adaptation plans for a more secure future.

Global Subsidies Initiative

The IISD Global Subsidies Initiative (GSI) supports international processes, national governments, and civil society organizations to align subsidies with sustainable development.

The Intergovernmental Forum on Mining, Minerals, Metals and Sustainable Development 

The IGF supports nations committed to leveraging mining for sustainable development to ensure negative impacts are limited and financial benefits are shared.

SDG Knowledge Hub 

The SDG Knowledge Hub provides daily information on the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

Earth Negotiations Bulletin 

Earth Negotiations Bulletin provides balanced, timely, and independent reporting on United Nations environment and development negotiations.

Nature-Based Infrastructure Global Resource Centre 

The NBI Global Resource Centre aims to establish the business case for nature-based infrastructure, providing data, training, and customized project valuations.

State of Sustainability Initiatives 

The State of Sustainability Initiatives examines how voluntary sustainability standards can support environmental and social goals.

New Research

IISD publishes objective, independent, high-quality research on sustainable development issues, including reports, policy briefs, and toolkits.

August 2025 | Carbon Minefields Oil and Gas Exploration Monitor

Last month, governments awarded 14 new oil and gas exploration licences across four countries, unlocking reserves that—if burned—would emit roughly 48.3 MtCO2.

NEWSLETTER

August 21, 2025

Technology Transfer for Climate Change Adaptation

This publication explores the concept of adaptation technology in trade and climate policy and how better integration of climate and trade policies can enhance adaptation technology transfer in developing countries.

REPORT

August 26, 2025

New Perspectives
Decarbonizing the Energy Sector: From NDC targets to net-zero implementation pathways

For new national climate plans to steer the energy sector towards net-zero, they need to show the path from ambition to implementation.

DEEP DIVE

August 22, 2025

Upgrading Canada's Homes: A path to net-zero

Buildings account for 18% of Canada's greenhouse gas emissions. Policies to support energy efficient buildings can reduce household utility bills and help advance Canada's climate goals.

DEEP DIVE

August 21, 2025

Why Gender Inclusion Must Drive the Just Energy Transition

As the global clean energy transition gains momentum, one principle becomes increasingly clear: we cannot talk about equity without addressing gender. And yet, for many women in South Africa, the energy transition feels divorced from their everyday realities.

INSIGHT

August 15, 2025

Read our latest articles
Stay connected

Be the first to hear what's new in sustainable development. Sign up for our bi-weekly updates to receive a curated selection of our latest reports, articles, projects, and upcoming events.

Yes, please!
Our Impact
Meet Three Young Canadians Building a More Sustainable Future

IISD Next is a global initiative that empowers thousands of young people to meaningfully engage in sustainable development policy. Here are just three of their stories.

SUCCESS STORY

July 23, 2025

“The howler monkeys are everywhere”: How women in Belize are harnessing the power of nature to conserve their community

The president of the Community Baboon Sanctuary Women’s Conservation Group in Belize River Valley talks about the environmental challenges facing their community, the group’s proudest achievements, and their aspirations for community-based conservation through nature-based solutions.

SUCCESS STORY

March 5, 2025

Women Turning the Table on Food Loss and Waste in Kenya

A group of changemakers led a movement to tackle food loss and waste in Kenya. IISD experts have been working closely with local women leaders to make change happen.

SUCCESS STORY

October 2, 2024

More success stories
Follow us:
Footer menu
Contact
Employment
Accessibility
Ethics
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Podcast
© 2025 International Institute for Sustainable Development.
Sign up to IISD’s newsletter
Sign up
Close

This website utilizes cookies to enable essential site functionality and for analytics to improve user experience on the website.
To learn more, view our Privacy Policy.

Manage preferences