Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur | IIT Kanpur Set your preference Reset All Font Scaling Reset - Default + Page Scaling Reset - Default + Color Adjustment Reset Greyscale High Saturation Low Saturation High Contrast Light Contrast High Brightness Light Brightness Search English हिन्दी Main navigation Home Institute Overview Education at IITK Academics Academic Affairs Departments Academic Calendar Research Featured Research R&D Newsletter Centres and Facilities Incubation SIIC IPR People Faculty Staff Students Faculty Recruitment Staff Recruitment Post Doctoral Fellowship Administration BOG Directorate Key Administrators Deans Services Emergency Services Campus Services Counselling Services Specially Abled Empowerment SC/ST/OBC Cell Gender Cell Health Services Digital Services Animal Welfare Office Automation Pingala Webmail Rajbhasha Prakosht Connect International Relations Industry Alumni Placement Recruitment Portal Tenders Search Quick Links Admission Announcements Departments News Researches Home Academics Research Incubation People Administration Services Connect Your browser does not support the video tag. Welcome to IIT Kanpur Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, established in 1959, is a premier institution established by the Government of India. As one of the first generation IITs, IIT Kanpur continues to make unparalleled academic contributions to teaching, research, and innovation, maintaining a synergy between fundamental and applied research. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Where academia thrives with synergy between fundamental and applied research. 9500+ Students With 1:1 UG:PG students ratio 150+ Postdocs Across disciplines 570 Faculty Members In 20 departments ₹ 1540+ Cr Research funding in the last three years 1055 Acres of Campus Nearly all students and faculty stay on campus Featured Research at IIT Kanpur IIT Kanpur has been at the forefront of research in science and technology. The diverse backgrounds and expertise of IIT Kanpur faculty span across engineering, sciences, humanities, and management, ensuring a holistic and multidisciplinary approach to education and research. Find an Expert Key Statistics 2000+ Research publications every year ₹ 1540+ Cr Research funding in the last three years 1000+ Patents filed 150+ Companies incubated Mechanical Engineering Svan M2: A Quadruped Robot Research Platform... Learn More Aerospace Engineering High Efficiency compact VTOL UAVs for Multitu... Learn More Mechanical Engineering Sub Inspection mobile Robot (SIR)... Learn More Chemical Engineering TacVibes: A Novel Watch for the Visually Impa... Learn More IITK News Update On-Campus Passport Drive India-Japan Talent Bridge (IJTB) Career Summit 2025 IIT Kanpur and Pernod Ricard India Foundation Launch ‘Advaya’ to… IIT Kanpur Hosts the 4th Institute Research Symposium 2025,… IITKarvaan in Hyderabad IITKarvaan in Bengaluru 3rd Regulatory Manthan on the Draft Electricity (Amendment) Bill, 2025 Celebration of 66 years of Excellence on Foundation Day IITKarvaan- New York IITKarvaan- Boston View All News Updates Announcements GATE-JAM 2026 Anti Ragging Committee and Squad Team 2025 Faculty Opportunities - Department of Intelligent Systems (DIS) in… 58th Convocation 2025 ARIIA Reports REOs Vacancies Staff Vacancies Courses/Conferences/Workshop Webinar/Symposium View All Announcements Admission Ph.D Admissions in Kotak School of Sustainability: Walk-in Interviews Online Post Graduate Program (PGP) VLFM 20th Batch Admission through Olympiad in Academic Year 2025-26 in B.Tech/BS Admission Notice for PhD and MS(By Research) 2025-26-II Semester COGJET-2025 QIP CAT JEE Reports GATE-JAM View All Admissions Alumni IIT Kanpur prides itself on the success of its alumni. After successfully completing their academic years at the institute... More Updates Faculty IIT Kanpur is renowned for its exceptional faculty members, who play a pivotal role in shaping the institute's academic landscape and research ende... Learn More Innovation & Incubation Institute has one of the best and thriving innovation ecosystems in the country. Startup Incubation and Innovation Centre (SIIC), IIT Kanpur, supports budding startups and facilitates bridging the gap between innovation and real-world applications. Learn More International Relations IIT Kanpur is globally acclaimed for its education and research. Through the office of International Relations, the institute encourages and facilitates strong, cordial and long-term collaborative and exchange programmes with International Universities. Learn More Explore Our Departments The aim of the Institute is to provide meaningful education, to conduct original research of the highest standard and to provide leadership in technological innovation. Engineering Explore Now Humanities Explore Now Economics Explore Now Sciences Explore Now Management Explore Now Schools Explore Now Inter-disciplinary Programs Explore Now Experience at IIT Kanpur Immerse yourself in a dynamic campus life at IIT Kanpur. Explore a world of opportunities – from enriching cultural events to cutting-edge facilities for a supportive environment. Life at IITK Research Facilities Learn More Campus Facilities Learn More Student’s Corner Learn More P K Kelkar Library Learn More IITK Administration IIT Kanpur is governed by a board comprising of eminent educationists and administrators. Organization Tree Board of Governors Directorate Key Administrators Registrar Office Acts Statutes Ordinances Annual Reports Office Orders Right to Information Act Learn More Right to Information means the right to inspection of work, documents, records taking notes, extracts or, certified... Learn More International Relations Learn More At IIT Kanpur, we have a strong focus on internationalization – every year, we welcome many foreign faculty and students... Learn More Plan Your Visit Learn More If You Plan To Visit IIT Kanpur, Here is some useful information to ensure that your visit is both comfortable and enjoyable.. Learn More Internal Complaints Committee Learn More IIT Kanpur endeavours to create a sustainable, equal-opportunity environment conducive to an all-round development of women... Learn More Institute Counselling Service Learn More At IIT Kanpur a student flourishes personally and professionally. This is thanks to the varied activities and events... Learn More About Us Institute Academics NIRF Consulting Innovation & Incubation Campus Life Contact Media Coverage Press Releases Campus Information Annual Reports Animal Welfare Cell Campus Directory Internal Complaints Committee International Relations Plan Your Visit Quick Links Login Right to Information Act Tenders Vigilance Intranet Public Grievance In Memoriam Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur Kalyanpur, Kanpur -208 016 Contact Number: 0512 - 259 - 0151 Emergency Numbers: Security : 0512 - 259 - 7999 , 7994 Police: 0512 - 259 - 7309 Health Center: 0512 - 259 - 7777 Fire Station: 0512 - 221 - 8999 ©
						2025
						Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur A- A A+ Accessibility English हिन्दी