DNS Domains SSL Hosting Resources Blog Login IP Management & Technical Internet Services Solopreneurs. Small Businesses. DIY Network Admins. ESTABLISH A RELIABLE ONLINE PRESENCE AND ENSURE YOUR AUDIENCE CAN ALWAYS FIND YOU. Get Started When running a business online, you can’t afford for customers to get lost trying to find your website. Without a static IP address , you could be faced with major technical and operational problems. 1 Getting lost in the void and potential visitors being unable to reach your site 2 Zero functionality passing through your server 3 Work coming to a halt because your customers can’t find you You deserve an easy, economical, reliable solution to reinforce your business. And you don’t have to do it alone. Forget trying to DIY your web hosting. Efficiently establish your online presence, secure your business, and shore up your domain with services from ChangeiP. Dynamic DNS Daily IP maintenance? No, thanks. Stop the headaches and leave the DNS admin to us. Keep all your systems connected without having to manually make one-off IP changes. We offer a variety of options to fit your needs and budget, even if that budget is $0 . Utilize our Free DDNS service to automatically update records, or upgrade to Paid DDNS services and build out your existing operations. Select Virtual Private Hosting Get ready to scale with the hosting capabilities your business needs to grow. Level up your business and migrate to cost-effective, easy-to-use shared hosting . When it’s time for big growth, upgrade to a virtual private server that will scale with you. Explore Let hosting problems become a thing of the past. No matter the size or location of your business, ChangeiP has your back. No fluff. No unnecessary bells and whistles. JUST STRAIGHTFORWARD HOSTING SUPPORT TO KEEP YOUR BUSINESS RUNNING. 1 Cost-effective You can get what you need on any budget 2 Uptime Uptime that sets the industry standard 3 Reliable Human-led services and support to foster trust and peace of mind We’re here to get you up and running with hyper-specific tools built to help you establish your online presence. We know that hosting, DNS, and constantly changing IP addresses are the last things you want to deal with. THAT’S WHY WE’VE DEDICATED 20 YEARS TO DELIVERING SERVICES THAT TAKE THE HEAVY LIFTING OFF YOUR PLATE SO YOU CAN FOCUS ON EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEED TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS . Finding ChangeiP meant that I could have the reliability, speed, and privacy needed to run a learning management system and e-commerce platform on my website. I may not have a huge team yet, but I am proud to have ChangeiP as one of my secret weapons! I am happy to have more time to focus on the front side of my business knowing that
ChangeiP has my backside. Jennifer Donaldson / Founder and Educator at Tailor Joy, LLC Join More than 1M Satisfied Clients Search Additional Goodies Easy Setup Easily connect other ChangeIP products or 3rd party services, social media within minutes. Domain Lock Domain lock prevents unauthorized transfer of your domain. 24/7 Customer Support Have questions regarding any of our products or services? We’re here for you, just login to open a ticket. Additional Subdomains Add subdomains to your domain. Have a store? Not a problem.  Easily direct traffic to store.yourawesomedomain.com. Security Ever wonder what that little lock icon is next to a URL? That tells visitors that you have an SSL certificate in place. Google loves this and helps your rankings. Don’t have one and Google  banishes you into the Netherealm. 24/7 x 365 Support Secure & Private Connection 7 Day Money Back Guarantee DNS Explore DNS Services ChangeiP Knowledgebase hosting Web Hosting Virtual Private Server company About Privacy Policy Terms of Service Service Agreement Copyright © ChangeiP. All rights reserved.