Illinois University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Visit Apply Give Site-wide search (header) Menu Visit Apply Give About Nobels and Pulitzers Rankings News Leadership Accessibility Student Resources Faculty and Staff Resources Parent Resources Calendars Admissions Undergrad Admissions Apply Majors Cost and Aid Contact Graduate College Apply Graduate Programs Cost and Aid Contact International Admissions Academics Colleges and Schools Academic Catalog Honors Programs Illinois Online Course Explorer Register for Class Academic Calendar Transcripts Study Abroad Research Research Centers Find an Illinois Expert Office of Undergraduate Research Research Park Technology Commercialization Corporate Impact Library Community Disability Resources & Educational Services Chez Veterans Center U. of I. Extension & 4-H Allerton Park and Retreat Center Illini Union Krannert Center for the Performing Arts Public Events Visit First-Gen Services Illinois International Athletics Fighting Illini Athletics Wheelchair and Adapted Sports Campus Recreation Marching Illini Leading the Future Impact and Innovation at Illinois Aerial shots of the University of Illinois campus, featuring the Main Quad and surrounding buildings. Pause Start your Explore Undergraduate Majors Undergraduate Admissions Discover Graduate Programs Graduate Admissions Illinois alumnus wins Nobel Prize in Chemistry Illinois alumnus Omar M. Yaghi earned the 2025 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He received a Ph.D. in chemistry from Illinois in 1990. Read more about the Nobel Prize winner Twelve Illinois scientists ranked among the most influential in the world The U. of I. scientists named on this year’s Clarivate Analytics Highly Cited Researchers list demonstrated exceptional influence through their publication of multiple papers frequently cited by their peers during the last decade. Read more about Illinois research Illinois sets another enrollment record The university reached an enrollment milestone this fall with a freshman record of 9,207 students. The new class brings total student enrollment to more than 60,000 for the first time in university history. Read more about Illinois enrollment Learn about Illinois #12 Public University in the Nation (U.S. News & World Report) 25 Nobel Prizes 29 Pulitzer Prizes 545,000+ Living Alumni 90% of graduates secured a first destination within six months of graduation Resources Student Resources Faculty/Staff Resources Parent Resources Discover Illinois News Expert Viewpoints What’s the state of the research landscape? Expert Viewpoints At 250 years after Jane Austen’s birth, why do her novels remain so popular? Expert Viewpoints What can we learn about our country’s origins from ‘The American Revolution’ documentary? Announcements Illinois announces first dual-credit initiative, bringing courses directly to high school students Announcements Book prepares K-12 leaders for the next public health crisis Expert Viewpoints What should consumers know about the current health care debate? Engineering New computer simulation could light the way to safer cannabinoid-based pharmaceuticals All News Experience Our Community Champaign-Urbana Champaign-Urbana has been named among the top 10 college towns in the country and ranked a top city for recent graduates. Visitors and locals enjoy inspiring food, art, music, artisans, parks, markets and festivals. Experience Champaign-Urbana Show Champaign-Urbana on the map Krannert Art Museum Discover Krannert Art Museum's diverse collection, vibrant exhibitions and engaging programs. As the second-largest fine art museum in the state, the museum features over 11,000 artworks and a strong connection between the university and its community. Visit Krannert Art Museum Show Krannert Art Museum on the map Spurlock Museum The Spurlock Museum of World Cultures, a regional hub for global cultural and archaeological collections, offers something for everyone — performances, lectures and visits. Its nine permanent exhibits showcase historical and contemporary cultures from around the world, while special exhibitions spark unique programs and events. Visit Spurlock Museum Show Spurlock Museum on the map Krannert Center for the Performing Arts Krannert Center for the Performing Arts, one of the nation's top university performance venues, spans seven acres with four theaters and an outdoor amphitheater. Designed by Illinois alumnus Max Abramovitz, it has been a hub for thrilling and diverse performances since 1969. Visit the Krannert Center for the Performing Arts Show Krannert Center for the Performing Arts on the map University Library The University Library is one of the largest library collections in the country. It has approximately 30 subject libraries, area studies centers and special collections across campus and houses more than 15 million volumes and 24 million items. Learn more about the University Library Show University Library on the map Cultural Centers University cultural houses and resource centers are open to all and provide the community with space to gather and share the experiences of a rich and diverse tapestry of cultures. The centers and houses also provide a network of programs and support services promoting individual, social, cultural and academic well-being. Explore university cultural centers Previous card Champaign-Urbana Krannert Art Museum Spurlock Museum Krannert Center for the Performing Arts University Library Cultural Centers Next card Need help finding something? Site-wide search (footer) Illinois Logo About Cookies Privacy Policy Copyright Website Feedback (opens new window) Accessibility