illumin | The Demand Side Platform Product Technology Platform Canvas Data Intelligence Channels Forecasting How to work with illumin By use case illumin for agencies illumin for brands illumin for Political illumin for health Webinar - Recording Tracking ad exposure with real-time mobile and foot traffic data Watch Now Insights Insights Blog Guides Events Podcasts & Webinars Case studies WhatsApp advertising is officially happening Read More Company Company Overview Careers Contact We're hiring! Build a career forging the future of advertising See open roles Investors Investor Information Investor information Stock performance Press illumin announces TSX acceptance of Normal Course Issuer Bid Read More Request a demo Sign In Sign In Request a demo Sign In ES FR See more. Achieve more. illumin combines a powerful demand side platform, clear insights, and unmatched support to turn digital advertising into real impact. Request a demo Take a tour Trusted by brands and agencies The platform The canvas The data The intelligence Our self-serve demand-side platform gives you precision targeting, intuitive tools, and actionable insights in one platform. Build, launch, and measure campaigns with confidence and deliver real impact. Learn more Start with a clean slate and build campaigns your way. illumin’s Canvas makes planning simple with a drag and drop interface that connects audiences, creatives, and channels. Define paths, set goals, and adapt as you go so every campaign is clear, connected, and built to deliver results. Learn more illumin helps you unlock the power of first and third-party data with advanced audience segmentation. Target by demographics, behaviors, and interests to create campaigns that resonate. Our intuitive dashboard gives you a real-time view of performance so you can make confident, data-driven decisions at every stage. Learn more illumin goes beyond basic metrics to show you what truly drives performance. Pathlight delivers real-time campaign intelligence while AI-powered recommendations adjust bids, reallocate budgets, and refine audiences. Every feature is built to make decisions clearer and results stronger. With illumin, you do more than run campaigns. You create meaningful connections and deliver measurable impact. Learn more One platform, stronger results How MN&Co united open web and social to boost performance Discover how MN&Co used illumin’s Meta integration to break down silos and boost performance for a leading financial services client. By uniting open web and social, they achieved higher engagement, smarter retargeting, and stronger conversions from one platform. Read the full case study Turn audience data into action Ad tech re-imagined illumin is a marketer-first platform that connects programmatic, email, and social across the funnel. Advanced algorithms and machine learning analyze behavior to create profiles that enable personalized ads, meaningful connections, and measurable success. Introducing illumin Email integration Sync first-party audiences illumin helps marketers turn first-party data into actionable insights. Connect your email platform, sync audiences with open web campaigns, and target behaviors like opens or clicks to build personalized strategies that drive real results. Learn more Excellence recognized Marketers love illumin's digital advertising platform And why not? Agency and brand marketers use illumin to make smart audience decisions that drive campaign success. You don’t have to take our word for it. Check out the G2 reviews. Real customers explain how the illumin platform transformed their digital advertising. Learn more “illumin really looks at the customer journey across various points of entry. It allows us to target consumers appropriately whether they’re at the beginning of searching or much further down the funnel — making for more meaningful interactions.” Edward Gold Gold Consulting Group “Within about six months on illumin our cost of acquisition was down ~60% and kept going lower. We’re securing more clients because we know who our customer is, how to attract them and then how to convert them, thanks to illumin.” Angie Kalousek Ebrahimi Senior Director, Lifestyle Medicine, Blue Shield of California “The illumin AI was above benchmark in delivering incremental return on advertising spend. Additionally, we were able to determine consumers who went through an entirely connected journey had a higher AOV than users who were exposed to a singular stage. This would have been much harder to uncover without the illumin journey canvas.” Josh Park Director of Performance Marketing, Purple Blog Jun 24, 2025 WhatsApp advertising is officially happening Guides Jun 18, 2025 Audio advertising: the ultimate guide Blog Jun 15, 2025 What’s the difference between AdTech and MarTech? Blog Events Guides Podcasts & Webinars Whitepapers Browse all insights Frequently Asked Questions Everything you wanted to know about illumin but were afraid to ask. What is illumin? illumin is a singular, easy-to-use online journey advertising platform that seamlessly connects your entire media strategy to real-time outcomes. illumin’s platform lets marketers visually plan, activate and measure their online advertising in a way that makes the most out of your budget ensuring your campaigns make sense. Is illumin a demand side platform (DSP)? While illumin can serve the function of a DSP, it is an entire journey advertising platform. illumin provides unique and easy to navigate technology, letting marketers visually plan, execute, and analyze their marketing strategies all in one place. Is illumin a programmatic advertising platform? illumin can serve the purpose of a programmatic advertising platform, but it can also do so much more. illumin’s platform easily lets you conduct your entire journey marketing campaign from planning to execution on a single, connected canvas. What is journey advertising? Journey advertising refers to a method of marketing wherein advertisers target specific audiences at each phase of the marketing funnel. Throughout awareness, interest, desire, and conversion phases, marketers create customized messaging for each audience leading to higher rates of conversion. Contact us to learn more about journey advertising. Where is illumin located? illumin is headquartered in Toronto, Canada and has offices around the world, including in the United States, Mexico, and Spain. Need to get in touch? Head here to contact us. Is illumin hiring? Yes! illumin is currently looking to fill several positions. To see if you’re the right fit or learn more about what life at illumin is like, visit our careers page . What is AcuityAds? AcuityAds is illumin’s former name. Founded in 2009, the company fully rebranded to illumin in 2023. Find out more about the history of AcuityAds on our About Us page. Is illumin publicly traded? Yes, illumin is a publicly traded company on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. You can find more illumin investor information here . Does illumin use artificial intelligence? Yes, illumin uses a proprietary AI algorithm to shine a light on the most effective and cost-efficient route to conversion. Our AI lets you understand the consumer journey in its entirety and gives you key insights so that you can optimize your marketing strategy. What ad solutions or channels does illumin support? illumin supports a variety of ad solutions and channels and is continually adding more. These formats include: Native Display Video Connected TV Audio Digital-out-of-home Social Email integration Head here to learn more about our platform’s channels . How does illumin use my data? illumin uses data in order to help optimize your journey advertising. We perform annual SOC II Type II audits, and are compliant with HIPAA, CCPA, and GDPR. Does illumin have self-service options? Yes, illumin has easy to understand self-serve options, empowering brands and agencies with planning, execution, and reporting tools all in a single platform. Learn more about how our self-serve journey advertising platform works here. Show more common questions Request a demo Discover firsthand how illumin’s intuitive platform empowers you to seamlessly plan, execute, and optimize transformative advertising campaigns. Get started Newsletter signup Get the latest insights from the Journey Insider Product Platform Canvas Data Intelligence Support Company Overview Contact Careers Investors Investor information Stock performance Request a demo © 2025 illumin. All Rights Reserved. Legal Center Opt Out/Do Not Sell or Share My Info