Skip to content
CONTACT
SUPPORT
LOG IN
GET A DEMO
WHY ILLUMINATE
SOLUTIONS
PRODUCTS
RESOURCES
RESEARCH
ABOUT
Accelerate Growth & Advance Equity with Whole Child Data and Actionable Insights
Illuminate provides comprehensive assessment and MTSS collaboration and management tools for data-driven educators.
Discover the Illuminate Solution

The world has changed. There's an even greater need to use data to drive instructional decisions at the student, school, and system levels. Illuminate provides a streamlined solution that helps educators to accurately assess learning, identify needs, align whole child supports, and drive school improvement in order to equitably accelerate growth for every learner.

SCREENING AND PROGRESS MONITORING

Research-based universal screening and progress monitoring for academics and social-emotional behavior (SEB) with intervention recommendations

 
ASSESSMENT CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION

Highest-quality, standards-based assessments with instant scoring, formative feedback, interactive reporting, and targeted activities

MTSS COLLABORATION AND MANAGEMENT

Interactive district-level to whole-child data management that strengthens MTSS implementations, including student need identification and intervention effectiveness

EXPLORE OUR PRODUCTS
Streamlined Solutions for Data-Driven Educators

Learn how Illuminate equips administrators and teachers to accelerate learning with each student.

MTSS
Management

Comprehensive Assessment

Social Emotional Behavior (SEB)

Universal
Screening

Progress
Monitoring

Dyslexia
Screening

Data
Visualization

Equity & Disproportionality

MTSS Management

Screening and progress monitoring assessments for academics and SEB, combined with whole child data visualizations and built-in tools for key MTSS practices

LEARN MORE
Ready to see the Illuminate Solution for yourself?
REQUEST A DEMO
See How It Works
17 million students in 5,200 schools and districts across all 50 states
"With Illuminate, we got a 'two-fer.' On the front end, you have the tool you need to make formative assessments to drive instruction for that cycle of instruct, assess, adjust. That alone makes it worth it. In addition, on the back-end, data warehouse side, there is a powerful suite of tools where you can customize the data you need and push it out to the people who need it."

Mark St Clair
Director of Data and Assessment, Mead School District 354, WA

"If we hadn't been given the assessment capabilities from Illuminate, we would not have been able to program an entire school to give our students targeted tutoring. No more generic review; now it is targeted review of where the student's deficient. That is an exciting thing."

Ari Hoogenboom
Principal of Abraham Lincoln HS, Brooklyn

"Illuminate allows you to get a lot more nuanced with the way you're looking at student data and then taking action on it. We leverage the student group feature a lot in terms of looking at how different groups of students performed on state assessments compared to the previous year. This is helpful for teachers to know where to go next once after Tier 1 instruction is nailed down."

Brittany Miller
Instructional Support Partner, Denver Public Schools, CO

"With Illuminate, we got a 'two-fer.' On the front end, you have the tool you need to make formative assessments to drive instruction for that cycle of instruct, assess, adjust. That alone makes it worth it. In addition, on the back-end, data warehouse side, there is a powerful suite of tools where you can customize the data you need and push it out to the people who need it."

Mark St Clair
Director of Data and Assessment, Mead School District 354, WA

"If we hadn't been given the assessment capabilities from Illuminate, we would not have been able to program an entire school to give our students targeted tutoring. No more generic review; now it is targeted review of where the student's deficient. That is an exciting thing."

Ari Hoogenboom
Principal of Abraham Lincoln HS, Brooklyn

Trusted by the Industry.
Explore Resources

TOOLKIT

MTSS Toolkit

INFOGRAPHIC

What is a Comprehensive Assessment System?

eBOOK

Get the Whole Picture: Using Social, Emotional and Behavioral Assessments to Support Student Success
Want to See How it Works?

We'd love to learn more about your unique needs and discuss how we can support you.

I'D LIKE A DEMO!
Receive the latest news, tips, and product information!
SUBMIT
Our Story
News
Webinars
Events
Partner Program
Careers
Resource Library
Security & Privacy
CONTACT US
530 Technology Drive
Suite 100
Irvine, CA 92618
949-656-3133
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Instagram
© Copyright 2025 Illuminate Education. All rights reserved.
