Image to Text (Extract Text From Image) 2026 New Year Sale. Up to 20% Off Get Now Image To Text Image Translator JPG To Word JPG To Excel PDF To Excel Chat Pricing Login Image To Text Image Translator JPG To Word JPG To Excel PDF To Excel Chat us Pricing Login Image to Text Converter An online image to text converter to extract text from images. Drop, Upload or Paste Images Supported formats: JPG, PNG, GIF, JFIF (JPEG), HEIC, PDF Browse Simple OCR Simple plain text Formatted Text Table, list, headings etc. Clear All Convert Result ( 0 ) Get API Start Over Download All *Your privacy is protected! No data is transmitted or stored. Rate your experience Advertisement Jpg To Word Pdf To Text Pdf To Word Text To Pdf Text To Word Invert Image Text To Image Image To Pdf Image Translator Qr Code Scanner Word To Pdf Pdf To Jpg Merge Pdf Jpg To Excel Qr Code Generator Word To Jpg Pdf To Excel Barcode Scanner Excel To Jpg Pdf To Csv Html To Pdf Pdf To Html Extracting text from an image is very easy using our tool. Do not waste your time converting JPGs or PNGs to text manually. Our tool will not take more than a minute to convert an image to text. Our picture to text converter is a free online text extraction tool that converts images into text in no time with 100% accuracy. It uses advanced AI technology to get the text from images with a single click. Get text from Image, WhatsApp status, Instagram stories, Twitter feed, Pinterest, or even from the screenshots (PDF, Word, etc.) of your class notes. If you are unable to recognize the handwritten text of your friend, this tool will do it for you. Most importantly, you can convert image to text online without having a thought about the format of the picture i.e., .JPG, .JPEG, .JPE, .JIF, .PNG, .TIFF, etc. How does Image to text converter work? You don't have to do much to copy text from an image if you don't know how to convert a JPEG or PNG to text. Simply follow these steps. Upload your image or drag & drop it. Or enter the URL if you have a link to the image. Hit the Convert button. Copy the text to the clipboard or save it as a document. Features - Image to Text Converter Free to use Capturing text from images is totally free. You don't have to spend a single penny to extract captions from your favorite photos. We don't ask our users to get registered with us. You can grab the text and flee away whenever you want. AI-Based Extraction We have worked really hard to come up with a solution that is really worth it. Our tool is powered with tesseract-ocr - an open-source software developed by Hewlett-Packard, funded and maintained by Google. It performs AI-based extraction of text to provide 100% accuracy. Multiple Languages Support This image to text generator supports multiple languages. It means you can extract text in various languages such as English , Spanish , Russian , Dutch , Italian , Portuguese , Indonesian , German , French , Korean , Danish , Czech , Swedish , Polish , Romanian , Thai , Vietnamese , Turkish , Japanese, Chinese , Georgian, Finnish, and Arabic . Download Text File After you are done capturing text, you can download it as a text file. This file can be used to edit the text as per your needs. Moreover, you can copy the text to the clipboard to paste it into another file. Multiple Image Formats This tool supports dozens of image formats. You don’t need to worry about the extension of the image. It supports the following formats, and we are continuously working to add more of them. • JPG JPEG JPE JFIF JIF JFI BMP PNG TIFF. Where can you use a photo to text converter? Newspapers You might need to share a piece of news in WhatsApp groups or on social media from Newspaper. Our image to text extractor lets you extract text from printed newspapers and turn it into digital format with a single click.You can convert photo to text using this free OCR tool in no time. Digitalizing Office Documents To edit an old document, you can convert the printed papers into digitalized versions using this pic to text converter. Class Notes With this online image to text converter, you can store the class notes on your mobile by capturing the handwritten notes. Data Entry Data Entry has become much easier with this tool. You just need to capture the image of manually written data and use this picture to text converter to change it digitally. Contact Details When you see contact details like email, phone number on a banner, you can use the image to text converter online to convert it into digital format. Social Media Get your favorite WhatsApp status, Instagram stories, or other social media images in text form. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) What is Imagetotext.info? Image to text is an online tool that allows users to convert images containing textual data into editable text using advanced OCR (Optical Character Recognition) technology . It can copy text from all image formats, including (JPG, JPEG, PNG, TIFF, GIF), etc. How can I extract text from an image for free? To extract the text from an image, Go to imagetotext.info (Free). Upload or drag and drop your image. Click the Convert button. Copy the text or save the text file on your computer. How can I convert JPG to Text? You can use a JPG to text converter to convert JPG to Text. With just a single click, you can quickly convert images into text with great accuracy. How do I convert scanned handwriting to text? To convert your scanned handwriting to text, upload your images into our Image to text converter tool and press the convert button. You can copy your notes in soft format or save as a document. How to Copy Text from PDF Images? You can copy text from PDF images by using our image OCR tool. Simply upload the PDF images from your device and start the process. If you need to convert an entire PDF document, you can use our PDF to text converter . How to scan text from image? Our text extractor allows you to scan text from an image. Upload your image to the tool and click "Submit." Upon the process completion, copy the text to your clipboard or download a TXT file. What are the best ways for text extraction from images? The best way to extract text from images is by using online OCR technology. Our text extractor tool uses this technology to get text from images in one click. Here are some other tools/methods you can use to extract text: Tesseract : An open-source OCR engine developed by Google. Google Cloud Vision API : A cloud-based solution that provides OCR capabilities for image analysis. Apple's Live Text (for iPhone) : A feature available in the Camera and Photos apps of iOS 15 and later. Amazon Textract : An AWS service that extracts text, forms, and tables from scanned documents. Microsoft Azure AI Vision : A cloud-based service offering advanced image processing capabilities. Related Blogs How to Convert a JPG Image to an Excel File Online Nov 03, 2025 How to Convert JPG to a Word Document Online? Nov 29, 2024 What is a QR Code and How to Scan It? Nov 14, 2024 What is OCR (Optical Character Recognition)? Nov 12, 2024 What is a PDF? Nov 08, 2024 Why Your Business Needs OCR Technology Nov 01, 2024 Applications You can download image to text apps IOS App Mobile App Play Store Mobile App Microsoft Store Desktop App Snap Store Web App Apple Store Desktop App Google Workspace Google Extension Image to Text We present an online OCR (Optical Character Recognition) service to extract text from
                            images. Other Tools Jpg To Word Pdf To Text Pdf To Word Text To PDF Text To Word Quick Links Blogs Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us Resources Premium Plan API Plan API Documentation JPG to Excel Plans JPG to Excel API Docs Select Language ENGLISH ENGLISH SPANISH PORTUGUÊS РУССКИЙ INDONESIAN ITALIANO DEUTSCHE FRANÇAIS 한국어 DANSK ČEŠTINA SVENSKA POLSKIE NEDERLANDS ROMÂNĂ ไทย TIẾNG VIỆT ARABIC TÜRK 日本人 中文 ᲥᲐᲠᲗᲣᲚᲘ SUOMALAINEN Email support@imagetotext.info Copyright © All rights reserved | It is made by imagetotext.info Sign in with us today Enter your email and password to sign in your account Sign up with us today Enter your email and password to sign up your account Forgot
                                Password? Sign In Sign Up Continue with google Don't have an account? Sign Up Already have an account? Sign in Invalid URL Image not Found. This is because you have entered an invalid URL. Close Try Another URL Invalid URL Image not Found. This is because you have entered an invalid URL. Close Limit Exceed Upgrade plan to upload multiple files $7 monthly $4.16 monthly Billed Yearly $49.88 Premium Features 50 images per submission File size upto 30 MB No Daily Limit 3X faster conversion No ads & captcha Continue as Free Subscribe Now Reset Crop