Imaginet ISP - ADSL, Mobile Broadband, Web Hosting internet hosting domains marketing value-adds support about Blog need help? login 0 info@imaginet.co.za | 086 111 1101 FIBRE New Uncapped, Unshaped, Unthrottled Fibre Combos
Various providers available. LTE Wireless Internet! Get your Vodacom, MTN or Telkom SIMs Now! PER GB ADSL Pure quality internet per GB on ADSL or VDSL. 
Instant Activation NEW PROMO bundles available ! MOBILE DATA Unplug your data and keep working on the move. Go Mobile today. SITE CREATOR HOSTING Create an impressive website in minutes. No design experience needed! STARTER HOSTING Affordable local hosting. So simple even a beginner can do it. Comes with amazing support. BUSINESS HOSTING Professional hosting for speeds and reliability your business can count on. DOMAINS Purchase a piece of the internet. ADSL AND VDSL LINES Imaginet will manage your ADSL and VDSL lines. Transfer to us and never have to queue for support. We do it all. ADSL AND VDSL ROUTERS Plug and play ADSL and VDSL routers couriered right to your door. 2 year Warranty included. LTE MODEMS 5G, LTE-A, and LTE routers VIRTUAL PROVIDER Set up your own Internet Service business today. Imaginet has your back! STATIC IP ADDRESS If you are serious about your internet presence, then you need an Imaginet stand-alone Static IP addresses. CLOUD Stratus Cloud Back up for Imaginet Clients ABOUT US Imaginet is an independent ISP Providing nationwide internet access to thousands of clients for over 23 years! CAREERS Fulfill your potential - join the best Internet service team in South Africa. CONTACT US While spreading the internet love, Imaginet will answer all your questions and calls. KNOWLEDGEBASE Find out how to solve common issues, and learn how to get the most out of your Imaginet products. HORDE (OLD WEBMAIL) Convenient Access your email with our Webmail interface. Anywhere, any time. WEBMAIL Whatever device your use, you can access your email with our RoundCube  interface. MYDOT Manage your own account and keep a watch on your usage with MyDot Control Panel for Imaginet clients! TECH TALK Need help or looking for some advice? Click on our Tech Talk section for some interesting info TERMS AND CONDITIONS Imaginet Website Terms and Conditions DISCLAIMER Website and MyDot Disclaimer PROTECTION OF MINORS Website Protection of Minors SEO INTEGRATION Your website needs an SEO strategy today. Imaginet experts are now available to boost your online visibility. SOCIAL MEDIA STARTUP Social media marketing is taking the world by storm. Imaginet will help you get in touch ! SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT Social media Management takes time. At Imaginet our experts would like to do it all for you ! Login with your my[dot] account details... Email Address: Password It seems you have more than one account linked to you email address... Which account whould you like to log in with? You are logged in! Logout Need help with something? Fill this in and we'll call you right back! What's your name? What's your number? What's your email? What can we help you with? LTE LTE is the future of fixed wireless connectivity! The ultimate solution for those who don't have access to ADSL or Fibre. Uncapped options now available! See more » Fibre Get the best home and business fibre deals in South Africa right here ! Month to month and no contracts : - ) Free router rental included. See more » Site Creator Your Business- Your Ideas- Your Website Create a modern, mobile-friendly website in minutes for as little as R30.00 per month. No need to wait - Instant Activation applies! Sign Up Now! See more » Mobile Data Mobile broadband to suit any budget! From just R48.00 per month. Sign up Now! See more » LTE Fibre Site Creator Mobile Data Reasons to choose Imaginet: Dependable Network Look no further, we are always online ! Our servers are housed in a secure Data Centre with network redundancy over both SAT-3 and SEACOM. 28 Years of Trusted Service Imaginet has had 
loyal clients for over 28 years now and thousands of compliments.
You deserve great service, so trust us with your connectivity
needs. Everything You Need Your personal and business needs are unique and so is our product diversity. You can trust our dedicated team to find the perfect solution for you. We are the best support you can find ! Great Customer Support Every one of our clients is a member of the Imaginet family. Pick up the phone and speak to someone who cares about you and your connectivity. Superior service is our ethos. Quality Products and Service Our customers are our priority. When you are with Imaginet, you know that you are in good hands. Convenient Controls Imaginet gives you access to all connectivity, email and hosting services through one convenient control panel.We call it My.dot Client Compliments: Dear sir/madam I have been dealing with Imaginet for a couple of years now and I just want to express my satisfaction with the service I have received over the years. for example, I spoke to Luthando in accounts this morning and he was so patient and friendly in helping me with my problem. Hope to stay with you for many years more !! - Prof Kobus le Roux I appreciate your regular feedback. That shows the level of professionalism one seldom find in companies today. Imaginet rocks! - P. Van Der Walt I haven't seen this level of service since I worked for The Ritz Carlton in Florida, USA. I am Truly impressed! - C Botha Imaginet is just the BEST!!! - M Hixon I have been a customer of Imaginet for the past 5 years plus. In all this time I have had very minimal problems and when I did, their staff were super helpful to resolve my issues. 

They come across as an honest, no nonsense, what you see is what you get company. No empty promises, no over marketing. This is what great businesses are built on, being in it for the long haul.

I will stay a committed Imaginet customer as long as they are around and maintain this level of service. - Mr. W Weber Thanks for your immediate help. You guys rock! Respect!! - R. Erasmus I would like to thank the Imaginet Team for your exceptional standard of service and a great thank you to Stuart who assisted me way beyond my problem, he definitely did exceed my expectations. If we were in America you guys would be on the Top of Silicon Valley as one of the best  customer service companies. What a reflection for South Africa, I would recommend this Team to any individual in the World!!! - Mr. E Ogle Many thanks for a great, friendly relationship over the time I have been with yourselves, I have no complaints whatever and your customer service/helplines have been excellent. I hope I find an ISP as good in the UK . . . - Annette Moss Wow... you guys are awesome! I have only been with you for all of 31min and have already had the most fantastic service! Well done!!! - Ms. C Torr Thanks so much! You guys really are great! I have never before with any other company experienced such efficiency and all round awesomeness! - Ms. C Torr You are the one ISP that treats their clients as family and not as "just another client" -I'm sure all the clients as fans here will agree, & all the clients you have. Oh yes, your customer service is the best ever! In all Departments! I've been through a couple ISP's & Imaginet you are the ones I'll stay with! - J Westaway I appreciate you guys so much! Such a pleasure to work with Imaginet, all the guys I've dealt with that side - you've all been so amazing! If you were closer to GRG, I'd bake you a cake! 
Thank you, thank you, thank you! - Ms. M Grant I have been an Imaginet client for around 10 years. The service I have received from Imaginet and staff is nothing short of excellent.

Their helpfulness, friendliness and willingness to help goes beyond what most other company employees offer or provide in any field.

They patiently guide one through any setup to be done and they follow up.

Anyone wanting an ISP can be sure they will have excellent and satisfactory service from Imaginet. - Mr. R Johnsen Thanks for all the efforts, Imaginet is without a doubt the most professional service provider that I have ever dealt with (locally or abroad), and I am pleased to see that you are maintaining the high standard. - P Monroe I would like to compliment you on your professional and excellent service received on 2010-03-04. 
I give this service received from Imaginet 10/10 and would definitely recommend Imaginet to all my friends and colleagues. - E. Verwey I would really recommend your services to anyone who asks! You really provide good service, thumbs up! - Jason van den Berg Hi Imaginet, you are the best in the industry. Keep up the good service. WELL DONE!!! - R. Clark Thank you very much.  Great service from you. I will definitely let my friends know about your service, you should be seeing some sign-ups very soon :-D - R. Faktor Thank you ALL for your stunning & consistent support throughout the year. They have clearly picked the right location for you to run a support desk from, as it seems that you have nothing else to do but wait for my hundreds of calls which you so politely deal with. - A. Andrew I'm just shocked at the superb customer service you guys deliver, to the point where I want to support you even more. I haven't ever had service this responsive and good before.
I just want to say thank you, I hope your company grows and stands as an example to others. - Mr. G Harris Thanks guys, your services and rates are impeccable, I wish I found you earlier in life. Next year I'll be in full swing again and I'll simply insist on Imaginet for hosting and ADSL lines. Meanwhile you guys on the floor just keep at it, REAL GOOD WORK!!! Thank you to all those who keep the machine well-oiled at ground level. - Mr. A Bothma Hi Guys, 
I've been with Imaginet for about 7 years now and have a number of domains hosted by you and I just want to take some time out of my day to type this email to let you guys know that I absolutely LOVE the service I get from Imaginet, from technical and accounts staff to info you guys really rock... Keep it up and never change!!
For me you should win the best service award in SA! - Mr. M Ribeiro Thank you very much.
I have referred some of my friends to Imaginet because of your first world service.
I can honestly say that I wish every business was as efficient and prompt as yours!!
Great stuff guys! - Levin Slabbert Thank you so much for your speedy service! Imaginet never fails to deliver :) - Willem Sohnge I am definitely recommending Imaginet to everyone I know... You guys are the best in the business. - K More Imaginet is simply the best service provider that I have ever been at. They ALWAYS go the extra mile. They are friendly and they have a refreshing can-do mentality.

The consultant, Andrew, tested my line on the spot and made the most cost effective recommendation for me. I was over my limit on my ADSL and he upgraded me to the 20GB package to alleviate the costs for the current month and future-dated an upgrade to an uncapped option in under 2 minutes. Friendly, efficient and highly knowledgeable. WHAO!

I have never had any bad service from these guys and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND them. - Dr. van Niekerk Once you have tried Imaginet you will not want to ever go to another ISP. Service is out of this world! - J Westaway internet Per-GB-ADSL Uncapped-ADSL Mobile-Data LTE Fibre hosting Site-Creator-Hosting Starter-Hosting Business-Hosting domains Domains hardware ADSL-and-VDSL-Lines ADSL-and-VDSL-Routers LTE-Modems contact us About-Us Careers Contact-Us info/FAQ Knowledgebase Webmail Horde (Old Webmail) MyDot Our Blog Social Media Links Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Imagi-Social Imagi-Nation marketing Terms-and-Conditions Website-Terms-Of-Use Privacy-Policy Acceptable-Use-Policy Disclaimer Protection-of-Minors Email-Disclaimer All Rights Reserved - Imaginet - Copyright ©  2026 Cart Your cart is empty. Quick! Buy something!