Image Resizer | Easily Resize Images Online for FREE Resize Crop Compress Convert more Pricing Login Signup Login Signup Image Resizer Easily resize images online for free. Select Images or, drag and drop images here Perfect quality The best online image resizer to resize your images at the highest quality. Lightning Fast This cloud-hosted, highly scalable tool can resize your images within seconds! Easy To Use Simply upload your image and enter a target size. It's as easy as that! Works Anywhere ImageResizer.com is browser-based (no software to install). It works on any platform (Windows, Linux, Mac). Privacy Guaranteed Your images are uploaded via a secure 256-bit encrypted SSL connection and deleted automatically within 6 hours. It's Free Since 2012 we have resized millions of images for free! There is no software to install, registrations, or watermarks. How to Resize an Image? 1. Click on the "Select Image" button to select an image. 2. Enter a new target size for your image. 3. Click the "Resize Image" button to resize the image. Meet ClipSnap , Our AI-Assisted Graphic Design Tool ClipSnap is a powerful online AI photo editor with fast tools like a Background remover and AI Image generator , along with smart AI photo editing capabilities. ClipSnap is a trusted AI editor built by the ImageResizer team. Try ClipSnap Image Tools Image Resizer Bulk Image Resizer Image Compressor Crop Image Collage Maker Flip Image Rotate Image Image Enlarger Color Picker Meme Generator Convert Image Converter PDF to JPG HEIC to JPG SVG Converter PDF to PNG PNG to SVG WebP to JPG PNG to JPG JPG to PNG PDF Tools Compress PDF PDF Converter Image to PDF JPG to PDF PNG to PDF PDF to GIF Apps Android Image Converter App iOS Image Converter Android Collage Maker iOS Collage Maker Android Video Compressor App iOS Video Compressor App About Imprint Privacy Terms English select language English Español Français Deutsch Italiano Português বাংলা සිංහල Dutch 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Svenska Türkçe Bahasa Indonesia Polish About Us Privacy Terms of Use © 2025 ImageResizer v.4.0.11 . All rights reserved .