iManage | Knowledge Work Platform Skip to main content Skip to footer iManage Menu Products Products Back Products Document & Email Management Security & Governance Risk & Compliance Knowledge Search & Management Legal Transaction Management Task & Workflow Management The iManage Platform iManage AI Services Back Document & Email Management Effective email and document security software Work Protect information while driving productivity Share Collaborative file sharing for improved productivity Drive Store files from multiple sources in one place Mobility Access securely with confidence from any device Back Security & Governance Customized cyber security & data loss management Security Policy Manager Protecting sensitive data with multi-level security Threat Manager Monitor user behavior & compliance governance Records Manager Adaptive records tracking & management in one place Back Risk & Compliance Risk mitigation, compliance assurance, and enhanced transparency Conflicts & Intake Streamline the business onboarding process Back Knowledge Search & Management Unlock your organization's collective knowledge Insight+ Level-up knowledge search and management Back Legal Transaction Management Simplify legal transaction management Closing Folders Reduce closings risk and improve client service Back Task & Workflow Management Improve the movement of knowledge work Tracker Project-centric task and checklist management Back The iManage Platform Activating knowledge in business content and communications Cloud Our unique cloud native platform is secure, reliable and performant Microsoft The iManage partnership with Microsoft enhances modern work Security Your business runs on securely uncovering and activating high-value knowledge AI Improve productivity and mitigate risk with AI built-in natively Back iManage AI Services AI-powered services enhance the iManage platform AI Enrichment Build an AI foundation with document classification and data extraction Ask iManage Find information and automate tasks with an AI natural language assistant Industry & Department Industry & Department Back Industry & Department Industry Department Back Global Law Firms Midsize Law Firms Small Law Firms Financial Services Accounting Government Media & Entertainment Other Knowledge Workers Back Corporate Legal Compliance Finance Human Resources Knowledge Management Resources Resources Back Resources Success & Services Resource Center Customer Stories Partners Back Success & Services Bespoke service & client success using iManage Consulting Services Education & Training Change Management & User Adoption Customer Success iMCommunity Support ConnectLive Back Resource Center Helpful content to educate, inform & support clients Content Library Events & Webinars Blog News Making Knowledge Work Knowledge Work Maturity Hub Back Customer Stories Discover the companies that work with iManage to activate knowledge in their organizations to the benefit of their teams, business and clients. Back Partners The iManage partner ecosystem, directory and resources Implementation Partners Technology Partners Training Partners Find a Partner Become a Partner About About Back About The Company Back The Company Learn more about iManage, history & development Meet the Team iManage ESG Report Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Careers Awards & Recognition Help Center Book a Demo Making Knowledge Work iManage is at the center of the knowledge economy, enabling every organization to work more productively, collaboratively, and securely. Our AI-powered knowledge work platform, extensive partner ecosystem, and customer-driven approach help our clients in making knowledge work. Book a demo Contact us Cloud The iManage knowledge work platform empowers knowledge workers to collaborate safely and securely and be productive from anywhere, on any device. Learn more Microsoft The iManage partnership with Microsoft enhances modern work with secure and frictionless productivity for knowledge professionals where knowledge work happens. Learn more AI Improve productivity, drive additional value and mitigate risk with AI built natively into the iManage knowledge work platform. Learn more Secure Protect your valuable information with robust data protection and end-to-end security that governs the platform, people and content. Learn more How iManage makes knowledge work for you We dedicate ourselves to empowering organizations to discover and activate the knowledge hidden within their business content and communications. Book a Demo Document & Email Management iManage helps the world's leading organizations manage documents and email more efficiently, protect vital information assets, and use knowledge to drive better business outcomes. Discover now Security & Governance Protecting sensitive information is vital to knowledge work. iManage delivers comprehensive security protections, from our industry-leading global cloud platform to sophisticated access controls and active threat detection. Discover now Risk & Compliance iManage solutions provide a holistic view of key areas of risk that can impact business performance, along with the transparency and tools needed to navigate a complex regulatory and compliance landscape. Discover now Knowledge & Search iManage provides powerful solutions to enable knowledge-driven organizations to curate institutional knowledge and best practices and seamlessly share them with employees to drive business performance. Discover now Legal Transaction Management iManage streamlines the repetitive and complex steps in closing legal transactions with solutions that drive efficiency, improve collaboration and reduce risk. Discover now Task & Workflow Management iManage offers productivity solutions that enable knowledge workers to take control of their work by organizing tasks, content, and workflows – improving visibility and reducing risk. Discover now A knowledge platform, built for Generation AI Our platform makes knowledge work smarter, faster, and safer. Enhanced by AI grounded in an organization’s best data and backed by industry-leading security, this platform is built to meet the unique needs of today’s knowledge workers. This is iManage. The power and potential of AI from a secure knowledge foundation Learn more The power and potential of AI from a secure knowledge foundation Learn more The power and potential of AI from a secure knowledge foundation Learn more Trusted by 4,000+ customers globally Truly global knowledge work platform that can meet the specific requirements of worldwide organizations Law Firms Enhanced and streamlined security and information barrier management. Financial Services ADBs Office of the General Counsel saves 1,800 hours per month with iManage. Law Firms Adopting the Cadillac standard for law firms and document management. Law Firms Expedited workflow and improved client interactions with Closing Folders. Industries & Departments Organizations in knowledge-driven industries and departments need effective tools to harness information and insights. Traditional enterprise document solutions often fail to meet their specific needs. iManage is the trusted partner of knowledge-based organizations across multiple industries and departments. Browse Industries Browse Departments 1 million users worldwide 42% of the Fortune 100 81% of the AmLaw 200 500+ Banking and Financial Institutions Knowledge Work Maturity Model TM Knowledge work is crucial for the future economy; our independent study explores global industry maturity, helping unlock organization-wide progress in any vertical. Gain knowledge now Discover iManage We understand what matters to you and your organization. Explore our resources to accelerate your success. Get to the Cloud If a cloud migration is in your future, start with iManage. Learn more The Total Economic Impact of iManage Learn from Forrester how iManage delivers measurable business impact for customers. Learn more Next Generation Co-authoring Unlock smarter, more efficient collaboration with iManage and Microsoft Co-authoring. Learn more Globally renowned and recognized View Awards and Recognition CEO, Neil Araujo: Financial Times 20 Years Market Shaper 2025 CEO, Neil Araujo: EY Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2025 Knowledge management platform of the year 2020 Ready, Set, Success iManage experts and partners work with you to ensure your organization unlocks better business outcomes. Success & Services Think of iManage as a strategic partner. We're dedicated to making your investment a seamless and enriching experience that continues to provide value long after a successful implementation. Learn more Education & Training iManage provides comprehensive training and user adoption solutions, including self-guided resources, videos, documentation, and premium assistance from our team or valued partners for a smooth iManage journey. Learn more iManage Partners Our global partner ecosystem is essential in consulting, implementing, training, supporting, and driving the adoption of our diverse portfolio. We rigorously train and certify partners and test technology integrations to ensure customer satisfaction. Learn more Making Knowledge Work Request a demo Ready to see how iManage can make a difference to your organization? Book a Demo Products Document & Email Management Security & Governance Risk & Compliance Knowledge Search & Management Legal Transaction Management Task & Workflow Management The iManage Platform iManage AI Services Success & Services Consulting Services Education & Training Change Management & User Adoption Customer Success iMCommunity Support ConnectLive Resources Partners Customer Stories Content Library Events & Webinars Blog News Making Knowledge Work Compliance Portal Newsletter signup Industry & Department Industry Department About The Company Meet the Team Careers Contact Us Social https://www.linkedin.com/company/imanage/ https://twitter.com/imanageinc https://www.youtube.com/@iManage https://imanage.com/newsletter-signup/ © 2026 iManage LLC. All rights reserved Terms of Service Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Anti Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy Expand Search