Home
Apps
Features
Services
Support
AI Messenger for Telegram
Intelligent DeFi & AI Platform Powered by Telegram API

About the project
Multifunctional alternative Telegram client with advanced functionality and DeFi & AI tools.
iMe expands the official client functionality and implements its own technologies that become available to users all over the world.
The low entrance threshold into the industry of Cryptocurrencies and Artificial Intelligence through the structure of the Telegram messenger makes iMe an attractive and convenient platform for both ordinary and professional users.
Integrations & Technologies
API Telegram
Google Cloud Platform
Amazon AWS
Microsoft Azure
Firebase
Translation Service
Lime Token & iMe Ecosystem
Audited by Certik
LIME by iMe Lab is the utility token of the platform, which has smart contracts developed on Ethereum and BNB Chain. The native LIME token serves as the building material of iMe platform, on which various services are built using LIME. iMe creates the DAO-structured ecosystem with large scale use of LIME by promoting and popularizing DeFi toolkit.
Watch video
Legal Opinion (.pdf)
Lime Metrics
Total Supply
996,079,000 LIME
LIME BEP20 • 996.079M
Hold & Lock
20% • 201,737,372 LIME
DEX Liquidity
4% • 40,000,000 LIME
Circulating Supply
75% • 754,341,628 LIME
Current Price
0.005 $
Market Cap
3,927,155 $
Fully Diluted Market Cap
4,958,461 $
Trading Volume 24h
212,105 $
NFT-Neurobots
soon
A neurobot is a user dataset, trained by an algorithm on a Neural Network with certification, which undeniably and irrefutably belongs to the creator on the ownership rights of the unique NFT token.
Create your smart and useful neurobots for personal collecting and use or sell it on the iMe AI marketplace to benefit the community.
Neurobot store
Telegram Customization
iMe implements advanced features that lacks in Telegram. This is the translator in chats, voice-to-text translation, text from photos extraction, cloud albums, topics and advanced folder settings, admin tools, connecting of up to 5 accounts and much more. iMe and Telegram are interchangeable, the structure of the messenger has the common server part and is fully synchronized. User authorization, chats data transfer and storage occurs through the servers of the official client.
Experience a new level of using the messenger without losing the familiar environment and security of Telegram.
Telegram Catalog
Collections of Telegram channels, groups and chat-bots with a convenient search by categories, countries and languages.
Administrators and owners can place their resources in the Catalog independently, promoting it among the audience which is interested in a convenient search for content by desired parameters.
Open catalog
Collaborations
VIEW ALL COLLABORATIONS
Have any questions?
Find your answers in iMe FAQ
or contact us via social networks
Read FAQ
©2025 iMe Lab
Download our Apps
Main
About
Lime
Features
Collaborations
Services
Exchange
Multi-transfer
Company
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Lime Legal Opinion
Lime Audit
Brand Assets
Support
News Channel En
News Channel Ru
Discuss iMe App
Discuss Lime Token
Support
iMe AI
Lime Game
Cookies in this site
Our site uses cookies to collect and analyse on site perfomance of usage. By clicking, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Allow cookies
No, thank you