Internet Movie Firearms Database - Guns in Movies, TV and Video Games Join our Discord! If you have been locked out of your account you can request a password reset here . Main Page From Internet Movie Firearms Database - Guns in Movies, TV and Video Games Jump to navigation Jump to search Welcome to IMFDB, the Internet Movie Firearms Database 32,015 articles. Movies Guns Video Games Television Anime Actors Rules, Standards and Principles A • B • C • D • E • F • G • H • I • J • K • L • M • N • O • P • Q • R • S • T • U • V • W • X • Y • Z Featured Article Iron Man 3 Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) holds a SIG-Sauer P229R in Iron Man 3 . AIM operative Ellen Brandt ( Stephanie Szostak ) fires a Remington 870 in Iron Man 3 . About The Internet Movie Firearms Database (IMFDB) is a community-built Wiki that documents the guns found in movies, television series, video games, and anime. Founded in 2007, IMFDB has a large community of active readers and editors, including professional armorers with first-hand knowledge of Hollywood armories. With 32,015 articles on shows, guns, and actors, IMFDB is the internet's #1 resource for firearms in popular media. Read more... Did You Know? ...that the " SVD Dragunov " used by Ah Jong ( Chow Yun-Fat ) in The Killer (1989) was actually a modified Norinco Type 56 ? ...that all of the " FN P90s " seen in Spawn were actually fakes constructed from Cobray M11/9s ? ...that the M1911 in Medal of Honor: Warfighter is designed by Vickers Tactical, the media company of former Delta Force member turned YouTuber Larry Vickers? ...that Day of the Jackal Sniper Rifle was featured in the anime Hellsing Ultimate ? Refresh • Archive • Nominate a new trivia Community Resources Discord Join our Discord server! Retrieved from " https://www.imfdb.org/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1839676 " Do Not Sell My Personal Information Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Main page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Categories Movies Guns Actors Television Anime Video Games Manufacturers Images Special Main Page Recent changes Random page Templates Community Discord Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information imfdb.org Privacy policy Disclaimers