Immortal Romance Slot | Play Demo & Get Your Bonus The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Danger High V... - 2299 USD David* 2 place Thunderstruck... - 1449 USD Matth* 3 place Bonanza Slot ... - 1224 USD Racha* Jackpot $ 6 1 3 4 2 6 4 Play now Immortal Romance 3D Slots FREE SLOTS NO DEPOSIT SLOT Mobile Slots Free Spins Slots Real Money Slots Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Review of Immortal Romance Slot Facebook Twitter Immortal Romance refers to a Vampire themed video slot game. This game takes you into the dangerous and dark world of   blood sucking, handsome vampires and beautiful women who often fall for their deadly charms.  This game is built on the enduring theme of the eternal love in doomed situations. read more Additional Info Released 2014 Software Microgaming Rolls 5 Paylines 243 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 10 per line Play for money! Screenshots Immortal romance slot was created by one of the main players in online industry Micro gaming. This game was first presented during the Vampire craze which took place during the early years in the 2nd decade of the 21st century.

In this immortal romance slot review, we will have a thorough look into different slot immortal romance game. General Characteristics of the Slot The Immortal Romance is a 5- reel video slot containing 243 ways to win and 4 lucrative bonus levels in the immortal romance slot free play feature. All the 243 ways are permanently enabled in the game. The values of the coin are set at 0.01 or 0.02 and the players are able to bet up to 10 coins in a single spin. This makes it possible for the players to bet from €0.30 to €6 in a single spin. Players are capable of winning a jackpot of 60,000 coins during the game which is a big return for a game with a low betting limit. Free Version of the Slot and Where to Play? It has 4 immortal romance slot free features that are built into the game. One can win as many as up to 240. The features of the free spins are based on game characters and each does issue a higher spin number than the last. Below is a structure of the free spins mode. Amber immortal romance free play Spins: You will get off with one and get 5x boost on any wins that you will hit during the 10 immortal romance free spins you have been awarded. Troy Free Spins You will have to enter the chamber five times in order to activate this bonus. It consists of the vampire bats. They will fly around the reels adding wilds using the 6x multiplier. Michael Free Spins You can choose this variation after your 10th visit. It involves rolling wins. Any win can disappear here leaving some gaps on the reels. The symbols thereafter drop into the gaps as new ones appear at the top. Sarah Free Spins 15 visits are required before the final free spin bonus is active. You will get a special vine symbol on reel 3 which is capable of turning the adjacent symbols wild. 25 free spins will be offered. Benefits of Playing a Free Game Immortal Romance Slot has a very appealing theme. It is very relaxing to play immortal romance and comes together with nice graphics and soft music.

This game is also known to have multiple bonus rounds that do get better and better as you continue playing. This enables you to play immortal romance on mobile for longer offering you a chance to win more and more. It is a recipe for success in any slot.

There is a colossal jackpot: This is a jackpot size that is normally reserved for progressive jackpots. One can change their life for good by using a single lucky spin. Winning Combinations Immortal romance slot has a roundup of game wins. They are all based on $1.5 bet in a single spin. However, you need to keep in mind that you will have to trigger multiple wins in a single spin.

The logo symbol has the single largest line prize. One can get $75 for 5 of a kind. The symbol is also known to be wild and consists of other symbols. Wilds are known to be extra valuable in all ways.

There is also the 4 characters that comes with a prize range of $25 -$17.50 for 3. You will need 3 symbols in order to trigger any win.

You can play this game in most of the online immortal romance casinos that offer Micro gaming slots. Conclusion Immortal Romance slot is considered to be one of the rare slot games that most individuals consider as the best. This game is entertaining and has accompanying soundtrack that makes anyone feel like a winner. The free spins and bonus on offer are pretty neat making Immortal Romance a bag of entertainment value. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Twin Spin Slot Demo Thunderstruck Slot Demo Bonanza Slot Machine Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 5 /5 Review Play Now! 5 /5 Review Play Now! 5 /5 Review Play Now! 4 /5 Review Play Now! 4 /5 Review Play Now! see all Patrick Neumann Chief editor Introduction of Patrick Neumann Born: Jul 30 1975 in Kamp-Bornhofen Address: Koepenicker Str. 43, Kamp-Bornhofen 56341, DE Education: King's College London Mail: [email protected] Experience in casino reporter: 6 Job: Best Slot Host in our team Patrick Neumann has been a successful writer for over 6 is a world renowned Gambling and Gaming expert years and having excelled in magazines, papers and even in TV briefly, he found his ideal medium to be the internet because of its enormous scope and freedom. As a gambling fan, Patrick Neumann jumped at the opportunity to become the writer at immortal-romance-slot.com, which is why he tackles each and every review and story like it is his last. He is currently the editor of the casino guides and reviews and host writer of immortal-romance-slot.com. 04.04.2018 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Immortal Romance 3D Slots FREE SLOTS NO DEPOSIT SLOT Mobile Slots Free Spins Slots Real Money Slots Casinos Online All Slots Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions Cookies Policy Privacy Policy About Us List Your Casino immortal-romance-slot.com © 2026 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money