Skip to main content
How It Works
Features
Script Library
Get up and running quickly with 1,400+ must-have scripts ready to deploy right out of the box
Security
Be confident that your security standards are enforced across every endpoint you manage
Integrations
Integrate with your existing PSA, RMM, Azure, and more so you can customize your tech stack
Watch the demo
You’ll never want to onboard computers using imaging and checklists again!
Support
Resources
News & Articles
Product updates, customer stories, and insightful tips
Technical Docs
How-tos, workflows, and best practices
Merch Store
Show your love for your favorite robot with ImmyBot swag
Pricing
Get Started
AUTOMATED IT MANAGEMENT
Relax and let the robots do the work

You tediously image new computers, slog through checklists, and spend hours on bespoke scripts. We’ve all been there! But with ImmyBot, automated onboarding and maintenance frees you up to do more important things.

Try it for yourselfWatch the demo

14-day free trial. No credit card required.

Finally, an automation tool built for the way IT teams actually work
Define your desired
state

Set up required apps, settings, and configurations by user roles and subscriptions.

Quickly onboard new workstations

Assign a user to the computer to deploy and configure software according to the rules you set.

Enforce your desired state

Create schedules to ensure your standards are maintained over the lifespan of each endpoint.

Ad-hoc deployments as needed

Push zero day patches and urgent updates in real time before the next maintenance window.

Learn how ImmyBot worksWatch the demo
Don’t worry, we play well with others

ImmyBot integrates with your existing PSA, RMM, Azure, and more. Get computer locations from CW Automate, agreement products and types from CW Manage, Azure management groups and Microsoft licensing from Azure, or contract types and recurring invoice items from Halo.

Target users and computers based on these data sets to drive your onboarding and maintenance automations.

Learn more about integrations
Magnetic personality. Serious security.

We like to keep things light, except when it comes to security. Each customer instance is isolated with separate databases, services, and storage, so there’s minimal cross-tenant risk. Authentication against Microsoft Entra ID prevents unauthorized access and keeps you in complete control. We’re SOC 2 Type II compliant, and no, we don’t sell your data. Ever.

Learn more about security
Choose from 1000s of scripts, or go full PowerShell wizard and write your own.

Save time with our library of curated scripts, which you can easily extend using ImmyBot’s high-performance scripting engine and built-in helper functions. Or upload your own installer files and we’ll build a custom deploy script just for you.

Learn more about our scripts
No matter your role,  ImmyBot has your back
MSP owners

ImmyBot automates patching and onboarding enabling you to serve more clients and grow without adding headcount.

Learn more

Technicians & engineers

ImmyBot saves hours of repetitive work. Do a task once, apply it everywhere, and trust that updates are consistently applied correctly.

Learn more

Hey, don’t take our word for it

“With Immy, not only are we able to easily onboard new devices that are setup consistently, we have been able to deploy new software to some of our larger customers at a moment’s notice. Everybody wins.”

—Mason Feuhrer, ERGOS Technology Partners, Inc.

Ready to try it for yourself?

Try out every feature of ImmyBot firsthand with our free trial, and discover exactly how it can streamline your workflow—risk-free and commitment-free.

Start your free trial

14-day free trial. No credit card required.

© 2019-2025 ImmyBot, LLC.
Home
How It Works
Pricing
Support
Resources
Merch Store
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use