Home | Impact Hub Skip to content About us Our story Meet the team Impact Hub locations Work with us Our services For Corporates For Public Sector For Entrepreneurs Issue-based Ecosystem Building Our work Our Impact Impact stories Impact resources Media & PR Join us Start an Impact Hub Impact Maker Membership Community Partnerships Impact Report Impact Report 2024-25 Impact Report 2023-24 Impact Report 2022-23 Impact Report 2021-22 About us Our story Meet the team Impact Hub locations Work with us Our services For Corporates For Public Sector For Entrepreneurs Issue-based Ecosystem Building Our work Our Impact Impact stories Impact resources Media & PR Join us Start an Impact Hub Impact Maker Membership Community Partnerships Impact Report Impact Report 2024-25 Impact Report 2023-24 Impact Report 2022-23 Impact Report 2021-22 Our world needs more connection. innovation. collaboration. Impact Makers. Our Network makes it happen. Inclusive and sustainable innovation - at scale. We connect entrepreneurs and innovators to large organisations, partners, investors, and the public sector. Why? To build a just and sustainable society. 450 k+ Impact Makers 50 + Impact Hubs Turning ideas into lasting impact We inspire, connect, and enable Impact Makers worldwide. Together, our mission is to build a just and sustainable world where business and profit serve people and the planet. Whether you’re an entrepreneur shaping ideas, a company in search of partnerships, or a policymaker steering transformation, our global network stands ready to support you on your impact journey. Ready to make a difference? Become an Impact Maker 15+ Years of entrepreneurial action From a single community to a global movement, we’ve been turning ideas into real-world impact since our founding in 2005. Today, our Network acts as a multiplier and amplifier of social change in 65+ countries. Here's our story Our work Our work focuses mainly, though not exclusively, on Climate Action and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - and the nexus between them. Through our collaborative spaces, diverse programmes, and supportive ecosystem, we facilitate connections and knowledge-sharing, enabling sustainable solutions to thrive. Our services Over 90% of our entrepreneurs actively address the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Explore how our collaborative ecosystems and global opportunities empower impact entrepreneurs and organisations to drive lasting change. Start making an impact today Partner with us Partner with us Discover how you can collaborate on impactful programmes and drive innovation in Climate Action and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Join now! Start an Impact Hub Start an Impact Hub Kick-start your entrepreneurial journey with us and start an Impact Hub in your city! Support will be provided at every step of the way. More info Become an Impact Maker Become an Impact Maker Step in as an Impact Maker and gain access to inspiring spaces, meaningful content, and a vibrant network. Join now! Issue-based Ecosystem Building Across the globe, ecosystems are rising with clarity and courage. By aligning diverse actors around urgent issues, we uncover root causes, unlock shared resources, and activate solutions that last. Ready to build what the future needs? Let's collaborate Find an Impact Hub near you​ Our partners in change Stories of impact and innovation Four new Community Partners join the Impact Hub Network Four new Community Partners join the Impact Hub Network Read more » Scaling impact through entrepreneurship: Four insights for corporate accelerators Scaling impact through entrepreneurship: Four insights for corporate accelerators Read more » The Future of Impact Measurement: AI-powered innovation to listen at scale The Future of Impact Measurement: AI-powered innovation to listen at scale Read more » Marking a new chapter with gratitude for our Global Executive Director, Tatiana Glad Marking a new chapter with gratitude for our Global Executive Director, Tatiana Glad Read more » Policy recommendations to encourage the adoption of ESG measurement tools among SMEs & startups Policy recommendations to encourage the adoption of ESG measurement tools among SMEs & startups Read more » The EU Cluster: collaboration as a competitive advantage The EU Cluster: collaboration as a competitive advantage Read more » More impact stories Inclusive and sustainable innovation - at scale. About us Our story Meet the team Impact Hub locations Work with us Our services For Corporates For Public Sector For Entrepreneurs Issue-based Ecosystem Building Our work Our Impact Impact stories Impact resources Media & PR Join us Start an Impact Hub Impact Maker Membership Community Partnerships Impact Report Impact Report 2024-25 Impact Report 2023-24 Impact Report 2022-23 Impact Report 2021-22 About us Our story Meet the team Impact Hub locations Work with us Our services For Corporates For Public Sector For Entrepreneurs Issue-based Ecosystem Building Our work Our Impact Impact stories Impact resources Media & PR Join us Start an Impact Hub Impact Maker Membership Community Partnerships Impact Report Impact Report 2024-25 Impact Report 2023-24 Impact Report 2022-23 Impact Report 2021-22 Linkedin Instagram Facebook Code of Conduct Privacy & Cookies Policy Impact Hub Association – Verein zur Förderung sozialer Innovationen ZVR-Zahl: 449698901 Impact Hub GmbH Lindengasse 56 / 18-19 1070 Vienna, Austria UID: ATU66357747 FN: 358967v Secret Link Partner for impact Ready to co-create change? Let’s explore how we can build impactful, scalable solutions together. X/Twitter This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * Email * I’m interested as a… * I’m interested as a… entrepreneur corporation public Institution other What is the second word in "Impact Hub"? Start the conversation * Submitting this form means you agree to be contacted about meaningful collaboration, as per our Privacy Policy . Download the guide! Sign up to access our free guide on inclusive communication and unlock valuable insights, opportunities, and monthly inspiring updates delivered straight to your inbox. URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * Email * What is the second word in "Impact Hub"? Newsletter * Yes, I agree to be subscribed to the newsletter Consent * Yes, I agree with the Impact Hub Privacy Policy . Download the guide! Sign up to access our free guide on inclusive communication and unlock valuable insights, opportunities, and monthly inspiring updates delivered straight to your inbox. Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * Email * What is the second word in "Impact Hub"? Newsletter * Yes, I agree to be subscribed to the newsletter Consent * Yes, I agree with the Impact Hub Privacy Policy . Download the guide! Sign up to access our free guide on inclusive communication and unlock valuable insights, opportunities, and monthly inspiring updates delivered straight to your inbox. URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name (Required) Email (Required) What is the second word in "Impact Hub"? Newsletter (Required) Yes, I agree to be subscribed to the newsletter Consent (Required) Yes, I agree with the Impact Hub Privacy Policy . Impact in your inbox! Sign up for our free global membership perks, incredible opportunities and monthly inspiring updates! Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * Email * I am an impact-making... * I am an impact-making... student entrepreneur corporation public institution investor other What is the second word in "Impact Hub"? Consent * Yes, I agree with the Impact Hub Privacy Policy . We use cookies to enhance your experience by remembering your preferences. Click "Reject All" to decline non-essential cookies, or "Accept" to consent to all cookies. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings. For more details, view our privacy policy , and cookie policy . Reject All Accept Accept All Cookie settings Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description __cfruid session Cloudflare sets this cookie to identify trusted web traffic. _cfuvid session Calendly sets this cookie to track users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Analytics" category. cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 1 year The GDPR Cookie Consent plugin sets the cookie to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Necessary" category. cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie stores user consent for cookies in the category "Others". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie stores the user consent for cookies in the category "Performance". CookieLawInfoConsent 1 year CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. elementor never The website's WordPress theme uses this cookie. It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. m 1 year 1 month 4 days Stripe sets this cookie for fraud prevention purposes. It identifies the device used to access the website, allowing the website to be formatted accordingly. OptanonConsent 1 year OneTrust sets this cookie to store details about the site's cookie category and check whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent from the use of each category. viewed_cookie_policy 1 year The GDPR Cookie Consent plugin sets the cookie to store whether or not the user has consented to use cookies. It does not store any personal data. VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA 6 months YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. wpEmojiSettingsSupports session WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site.  It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 6 months A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface. visitorId 1 year ZoomInfo sets this cookie to identify a user. ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY never The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie Duration Description _calendly_session 21 days Calendly, a Meeting Schedulers, sets this cookie to allow the meeting scheduler to function within the website and to add events into the visitor’s calendar. GCLB session This cookie is known as Google Cloud Load Balancer set by the provider Google. This cookie is used for external HTTPS load balancing of the cloud infrastructure with Google. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description cb_anonymous_id never Clearbit sets this cookie to track page views and traits for Clearbit. cb_group_id never Clearbit sets this cookie to track page views and traits for Clearbit. ph_ _posthog 1 year We use a cookie from PostHog to help us understand how visitors use our website. This cookie allows us to recognize returning visitors and track how people navigate through our site, which helps us improve your experience. We do not use this cookie to collect personal information, and we discard IP address data to protect your privacy. rack.session 7 days This cookie is used for session management. The cookie retains the session ID. YSC session YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description _fbp 3 months Facebook sets this cookie to store and track interactions. cb_user_id never Clearbit sets this cookie to collect data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertising more relevant. yt.innertube::nextId never YouTube sets this cookie to register a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. yt.innertube::requests never YouTube sets this cookie to register a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie Duration Description __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN 6 months Description is currently not available. __Secure-YEC past Description is currently not available. country session No description available. debug never No description available. dmn_chk_* less than a minute This cookie is set to track user activity across the website. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by