Login
Help
Take a survey
Speak to an expert
Data & Surveys
Media Solutions
Platform & Services
Commitment to Quality
Why Dynata
HOME COMMITMENT TO QUALITY QUALITY ADVANTAGE
Commitment to quality

Harness the power of first-party data to make informed, intelligent business decisions. With an unrivaled method for ensuring data quality, Dynata is the most trusted source for reliable, trustworthy human-sourced first-party data worldwide.

Download ebook

HOW WE DEFINE QUALITY

Quality at Dynata is
more than industry-leading data—it is a culture of continuous improvement
that drives everything we do

High-quality data

At Dynata, we’ve developed a sophisticated, multi-layered data quality system that continues to evolve. By combining our people, process, and products with the latest AI and machine learning technology, our systems continuously get better over time, staying a step ahead and delivering high-quality data. 

Time saving

Dynata boasts a 96% sample data
acceptance rate.

Labor reduction

Dynata clients report an 85% reduction in time spent manually checking data.

Cost Saving

Sample clients that use Dynata’s QualityScore have seen a 40% reduction in manual, post-survey data reconciliations. 

Quality at Dynata is more than industry-leading data—it is a culture of continuous improvement that drives everything we do.

Dynata’s approach to data quality delivers benefits  
Unrivalled respondent access and scale

We recruit and deeply profile our first-party panel and connect you with the respondents you need – worldwide.

Respondent accuracy

Our people are unique and validated.  We know and have a relationship with our respondents and take steps to ensure the thoughtfulness of response.

Representativeness/projectability

We can work with you to ensure the representativeness of your data and your targeting represents the audience you wish to study. 

Consistency

The studies you run with Dynata are executed to ensure consistency, which is critical when comparing wave-on-wave data or tracking studies. 

Exacting feasibility

We accurately assess our ability to deliver the respondent data you need on time and on budget. 

Privacy and security compliant

We are GDPR compliant and take the need for ongoing rigor as it relates to member privacy seriously.

Dynata’s research-grade data provides a necessary foundation for accuracy.  Research-grade data is well-structured, which can lend to data extrapolation/baselining/trending – critical as data is used (and re-used) on an ongoing basis and ever-more important as companies consider synthetic data applications. 

AI at the core – QualityScore™

The industry’s preeminent data quality solution. QualityScore uses AI/ML to evaluate
fraudulent & disengaged respondent behavior to identify and replace respondents
in real-time.

We’ve developed highly sophisticated ML-based fraud detection & scoring systems with tight integrations at each panelist touch point, which span deduplication, bot prevention, recruitment quality management, and AI-driven open-end evaluation. While many competitors tout quality systems, however, they lack the holistic, end-to-end integration needed to be truly effective. Our systems deliver the highest data acceptance rates in the industry.

Reduce manual data cleaning
Eliminate project delays due to poor-quality data
Standardize your approach
ISO 20252

At Dynata, quality is at the heart of everything we do. Our ISO 20252 certifications across the US, UK, and Australia reflect our unwavering commitment to rigorous standards and best practices in research. From project management and sampling to data security and analysis, we apply strict protocols to ensure accuracy, transparency, and reliability at every step. By combining advanced technology with continuous improvement, we deliver insights that clients can trust—helping them make confident, data-driven decisions in a rapidly evolving marketplace.

Award-winning QualityScore™ ML model

QualityScore analyzes 175+ data points to identify survey fraud and inattention. Fraudulent and low-quality respondents are removed and replaced live during fielding, resulting in extremely high sample accuracy,  reduced field times, and less time spent cleaning the final data set. Clients have estimated that this results in time savings of up to 85%. 

“We trust Dynata with our most difficult projects because they have the people we need to reach, and their feasibility estimates are always accurate. We are never waiting for additional data.”
RESOURCES

Access content that inspires

April 2025

Dynata Blog

The importance of ensuring Data Quality in market research panels

Published: 04/11/2025 Mark Furuta Account Director, Dynata In market research, the reliability of insights hinges on the quality of data…

Read more

July 2025

Data quality

Discover Dynata’s approach to data quality

In this guide, you’ll see how Dynata’s approach to data quality delivers benefits that drive smarter, more informed decision-making by…

Download now

July 2025

On-demand

Sampling done right: Best practices for reliability, repeatability, and projectability

Discover the hidden factors that make for a strong sampling protocol Whether surveying panel respondents across several continents or microtargeting…

Watch now

Connect with the team

We’re here to help with a project, provide more information, or answer any questions you may have.

SOLUTIONS
Find Your Audience
Build a Survey
Reporting and Visualization
Academics
Media Agencies
Consulting & Investment (C&I)
Market Research & Analysis
DATA
Our Data Quality Difference
Enrich Your Data
Dynata Panel Book
Information Security
Developers
Self Help Portal
PRODUCTS
Polling
Brand Lift
Creative Testing
Audience Activation
Case Studies
COMPANY
About Us
Press Room
Careers
Newsletter
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Form 8937
Dynata Korea
Dynata Japan
Dynata China
Sharpr
INSIGHTS
Dynata Blog
Videos & Demos
Webinars
White Papers

Connect With Us:

LinkedIn
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Called by Dynata?

© 2026 Dynata. All Rights Reserved.