Under DDoS Attack?
1-781-317-9990
 Login
EN
Start for Free
Contact Us
Products
Solutions
Support
Partners
Customers
Resources
Company
Thales named Growth Index Leader in the Frost Radar:  Data Security Platforms, 2025
Read the report
Comprehensive digital security
Application Security
Protect applications and APIs anywhere
Mitigate DDoS, bot, API and supply chain attacks
Comply with PCI 4.0
Learn more
Data Security
Secure sensitive data across on-premises and cloud environments
Simplify compliance and audit reporting
Learn more
Imperva latest news
Uncover key risks and defenses in the 2025 Bad Bot Report to stay ahead of evolving automated threats
Watch now 
Thales Launches AI Security Fabric
Read more
Imperva named a Leader in KuppingerCole's 2025 WAAP Report
Read more
Thales Named a Leader: OMDIA Universe Report for Data Security Posture Management
Read more

Enterprises move to Imperva for

world class security
Multi-layered security

Consolidate security point products for detection, investigation, and management under one platform.

Secure applications and APIs
Fast response

Quickly neutralize threats to deliver a seamless user experience even under attack.

Protect from DDoS attacks
PCI DSS 4.0 compliance

Demonstrate continuous compliance to simplify the audit process.

Comply with PCI DSS 4.0
Imperva products are quite exceptional
IT Security and Risk Management
Government Industry
See why Imperva
Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
I want to...
Proactively reduce risk
Simplify compliance
Secure digital transformation
Protect applications and APIs

Prevent attacks, mitigate vulnerabilities, and protect your business-critical assets.

Learn more
Safeguard sensitive and personal data

Protect sensitive personal data and business data through unified governance, security, and compliance.

Learn more
Stop bad bots

Efficiently manage bots to enhance security and customer experience.

Learn more
Achieve PCI DSS 4.0 compliance

Protect customer data from client-side attacks with advanced detection and protection strategies.

Learn more
Advanced data governance

Achieve complete visibility into data repositories to ensure security and integrity.

Learn more
Assure data compliance and privacy

Streamline processes and know what data you have, where it is stored, how it is handled, and by whom.

Learn more 
Accelerate application delivery

Protect against threats and optimize performance for fast, secure, and reliable app experiences.

Learn more
Mitigate DDoS attacks

Protect your business with fast and efficient proven DDoS mitigation solutions.

Learn more
Securely move your data to the cloud

Grow beyond compliance monitoring to secure cloud data with minimal disruption to users during transition.

Learn more
Recognized leadership
A Leader in KuppingerCole's 2025 WAAP Report

Imperva named an overall leader in the KuppingerCole Leadership Compass 2025 for Web Application and API Protection (WAAP)

Read the report

Imperva’s WAF Offers Comprehensive Features for Security Teams

Imperva named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Web Application Firewall Solutions, Q1 2025

Read the report

Data Security Platform Overall Leader

Thales named an overall Leader in The 2025 KuppingerCole Leadership Compass for Data Security platforms

Read the report

Imperva named a security leader by SecureIQLab

Imperva was named a security leader and achieved a perfect SecureIQLab WAAP Vulnerability Assessment score

Read the report

API Security & Management Overall Leader

Imperva named an Overall Leader in the 2025 KuppingerCole Leadership Compass for API Security & Management

Read the report

Imperva delivers “comprehensive WAF capabilities”

Imperva named an overall leader in the KuppingerCole Leadership Compass 2024 for Web Application Firewalls

Read the report

Expansive Web Application and API Protection

Imperva named a Fast Mover and Innovator in GigaOm Radar for Application and API Protection

Read the report

BSE bolsters security posture

BSE uses Imperva Application Security and Imperva Data Security to help fortify their applications, APIs, and data to effectively safeguard critical systems vital to national security and the economy effectively.

Read the case study 

We protect
6200+ enterprises and millions of people daily.
See all customers
Related Resources
Article

Application Security: The Complete Guide

Read more
Blog post

Imperva Red Team Discovers Vulnerability in TikTok That Can Reveal User Activity and Information

Read more
Article

Data Security Guide

Read more
Blog post

Imperva Detects Undocumented 8220 Gang Activities

Read more
See how we can help you secure your web applications and data
Free Trial
Schedule Demo
Partners
Imperva Partner Ecosystem
Channel Partners
Technology Alliances
Find a Partner
Partner Portal Login
Resources
Imperva Blog
Resource Library
Case Studies
Learning Center
About Us
Why Imperva
Who We Are
Events
Careers
Press & Awards
Contact Information
Network
Network Map
System Status
Support
Emergency DDoS Protection
Support Portal
Imperva Community
Documentation Portal
API Integration
Trust Center
+1 866 926 4678
English

Cookies Settings Trust Center Modern Slavery Statement Privacy Legal

Copyright © 2025 Imperva. All rights reserved

Imperva uses cookies to improve your experience, deliver personalized content and analyze our traffic. You may modify your cookies settings at any time, as explained in our Cookie Notice

Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All