Imprint - Modern co-branded credit cards Products Technology Partners About Perfectly configured co-branded financial products. Meet the powerful, purpose-built co-branded products that seamlessly adapt to your brand. Perfectly configured co-branded financial products. Meet the powerful, purpose-built co-branded products that seamlessly adapt to your brand. Cardholder sign in Cardholder sign in Bespoke credit cards, deposit accounts, and installment loans. Our co-branded financial products attract more users, drive increased spend and engagement, and help you better understand your customers. Learn more Learn more Learn more An impactful partner to iconic brands CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more An impactful partner to iconic brands CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more Imprint Core means complete control Imprint Core powers every sign-up, every swipe, every rewards redemption, and everything in between. We've built a credit card platform from scratch that lets us tailor the co-branded experience to your brand’s ambitions. Learn more Learn more Learn more Predict Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke  credit lines. Insights Marketing Rewards Predict Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke  credit lines. Insights Marketing Rewards Built for Impact, every step of the way Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Built for impact, every step of the way. Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Built for impact, every step of the way. Built for impact, every step of the way. Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Our track record 3X faster than industry average 1 s 1 s 1 s Application decision time x 75 % 75 % 75 % Non-crash rate (iOS and Android) x 75 % 75 % 75 % Backend critical services uptime x 12,999,943 12,999,943 Transactions and counting 13M x 24/   7 24/ 7 On call engineering team availability Company Home Products Technology Partners About News & Press Careers LinkedIn Blog Resources Status Support Learn Resources Cardholder login Cardholder support Card programs Privacy Policy Legal Product visual representations may vary from current or future product experience. Turkish Airlines Miles&Smiles Visa Signature Card, H-E-B Visa Signature Card, Booking.com Genius Rewards Visa Signature Card, and Horizon Hobby Visa Card are issued by First Electronic Bank pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. Holiday Inn Club Vacations World Mastercard, World of Westgate World Mastercard, Brooks Brothers World Mastercard, and Eddie Bauer World Mastercard are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a registered trademark of American Express. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are powered by Imprint Payments, Inc. †If an applicant accepts an offer, we will conduct a hard credit pull which may impact the applicant’s credit score. © Imprint Payments 2025 Company Home Products Technology Partners About News & Press Careers LinkedIn Blog Resources Status Support Learn Resources Cardholder login Cardholder support Card programs Privacy Policy Legal Product visual representations may vary from current or future product experience. Turkish Airlines Miles&Smiles Visa Signature Card, H-E-B Visa Signature Card, Booking.com Genius Rewards Visa Signature Card, and Horizon Hobby Visa Card are issued by First Electronic Bank pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. Holiday Inn Club Vacations World Mastercard, World of Westgate World Mastercard, Brooks Brothers World Mastercard, and Eddie Bauer World Mastercard are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a registered trademark of American Express. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are powered by Imprint Payments, Inc. †If an applicant accepts an offer, we will conduct a hard credit pull which may impact the applicant’s credit score. © Imprint Payments 2025 Company Home Products Technology Partners About News & Press Careers LinkedIn Blog Resources Status Support Learn Resources Cardholder login Cardholder support Card programs Privacy Policy Legal Product visual representations may vary from current or future product experience. Turkish Airlines Miles&Smiles Visa Signature Card, H-E-B Visa Signature Card, Booking.com Genius Rewards Visa Signature Card, and Horizon Hobby Visa Card are issued by First Electronic Bank pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. Holiday Inn Club Vacations World Mastercard, World of Westgate World Mastercard, Brooks Brothers World Mastercard, and Eddie Bauer World Mastercard are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are issued by First Electronic Bank, pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a registered trademark of American Express. The Rakuten American Express® Card and Fetch American Express® Card are powered by Imprint Payments, Inc. †If an applicant accepts an offer, we will conduct a hard credit pull which may impact the applicant’s credit score. © Imprint Payments 2025