Digital Identity for Mission- and Life-Critical Industries | Imprivata Skip to main content Homepage Verosint banner Imprivata Acquires Verosint to Add AI-Powered Risk Signaling to its Leading Enterprise Access Management Platform Request a demo Support  Search Type All types Article Award Event General Knowledge Hub Partner Product Resource Speaker Sort by Most relevant Newest first Oldest first Title (A-Z) Title (Z-A)  United States United States DACH French United Kingdom Main Nav (2025) Solutions Shared mobile devices in healthcare research report Our comprehensive report examines the real-world impacts of shared-use mobile devices on healthcare organizations and clinical staff. Learn more Left column By Objective Move to passwordless authentication Access shared devices and kiosks Deploy shared mobile devices Control third-party access Address cyber insurance requirements Improve EHR workflows Protect patient privacy Achieve CJIS compliance Face authentication and identity verification Right column By Industry Healthcare Manufacturing State and Local Government Financial Services Gaming Transportation and Logistics Products Product roadmaps Explore recently released features and future items. Learn more Left column Core capabilities Single Sign-On Multifactor Authentication Mobile Access User Behavior and Access Analytics Privileged Access Management Third Party Access Management Remote Support Identity Threat Detection and Response Right column Healthcare capabilities Patient Privacy Monitoring Drug Diversion Monitoring Medical Device Access Management Biometric Patient Authentication Electronic Prescribing for Controlled Substances (EPCS) Company About us We deliver simple and secure access management solutions for healthcare and other mission-critical industries to ensure every second of crucial work is both frictionless and secure. See details Contact us Left column Who we are Imprivata culture Corporate responsibility Trust and security Leadership Right column What’s new Newsroom Podcast Awards and recognition Careers Resources Knowledge hub The Imprivata Knowledge Hub is a repository of important terms, topics, and solutions related to identity and access management. Browse content by product or industry to learn about securing assets, compliance across sectors, technology glossaries, and advancements in protecting identities and systems. Check it out Left column Events Live events On-demand webinars Partners Integration partners Resellers Right column Resources Blog Analyst reports Case studies Whitepapers Datasheets Videos Infographics All resources Customers Imprivata Connect The Imprivata Connect Conference series brings together visionary minds from the Imprivata community for a day of networking and collaboration in the spirit of shaping the future of simple and secure access management for every digital identity. Learn more Left column Customer experience Customer success Support services Managed services Clinical services Right column Resources Education center Community portal Product documentation Access management solutions Simple and secure access management Because every second of critical work should be frictionless and secure Request a demo Take a product tour A unified access and security management program doesn’t have to be complicated Fast, secure access to all applications and information across every workflow, for every user, and from every device. Imprivata delivers passwordless, zero trust access solutions that drive productivity, improve security and performance, and lower total cost of ownership Passwordless Access Frictionless, secure SSO and MFA for frontline workers who rely on shared devices, specialized workflows, and applications. Explore Passwordless Access Mobile Access A comprehensive, end-to-end, enterprise mobility solution that helps organizations optimize their use of shared iOS and Android mobile devices. Explore Mobile Access Third-Party Access Control Secure digital identities and remote access to control and monitor how vendors connect and use critical systems and data. Explore Third-Party Access Access Analytics See your time savings in action with pre-built reporting and data visuals powered by AI, using real-time insights into application usage. Explore Access Analytics Explore how Imprivata solves for industry-specific challenges Partner with a recognized leader in securing digital identities, credential and access management, privileged access tools, mobile access management, and third-party access controls. Healthcare When every second counts, healthcare workers need frictionless, secure access and deep user insights to boost clinical efficiency, reduce cyber risk, and enhance patient privacy and safety. Solutions for Healthcare Manufacturing Boost frontline worker efficiency and streamline access to operational technology for technical staff and vendors. Solutions for Manufacturing State and Local Government Satisfy CJIS compliance while improving efficiency with access management solutions for law enforcement, and vendor access to criminal justice systems and data. Solutions for State and Local Government Financial Services Secure sensitive data and satisfy PCI DSS compliance without bringing user workflows to a halt. Solutions for Financial Services Gaming Keep your employees focused on the guest experience by making digital access frictionless. Solutions for Gaming Transportation and Logistics Accelerate productivity and reduce cyber risks and disruptions with identity management tools that simplify secure access to workstations, applications, and shared mobile devices. Solutions for Transportation and Logistics Join these top companies who trust Imprivata for simple and secure access management Research report The state of third-party access in cybersecurity New research unveils the inherent cyber risk associated with third-party network access Download now Self-guided product tours Check out our new demo series to see how simple and secure access management can be! Take a tour Your trust is serious business Security and privacy are never an afterthought with Imprivata. We regularly perform audits and maintain HIPAA, NIST, and SOC compliance. We use an Information Security Committee to evaluate risks, drive policies, and implement recommendations swiftly. We employ product-level security architects who are responsible for assessing and managing product-based security practices on a consistent basis. Ready to start your Access Management journey? We’ll guide you on the path to making secure access simple.  Submit a quick form, and one of our Access Management Specialists will reach out to discuss your organization's requirements, free of charge. Get Started United States United States DACH French United Kingdom Company Who we are Leadership History Integrations Resellers Trust and security Careers Newsroom Product Enterprise Access Management Mobile Access Management Mobile Device Access Medical Device Access Management Patient Access Access Compliance Privileged Access Management Vendor Privileged Access Management Customer Privileged Access Management How to buy Request demo Contact us Resources Blog Case studies Analyst reports Whitepapers Datasheets Videos On-demand webinars Infographics Events and webinars Knowledge hub Worldwide headquarters 20 CityPoint, 6th floor 480 Totten Pond Rd Waltham, MA 02451 Phone: +1 781 674 2700 Toll-free: +1 877 663 7446 International London: +44 (0)208 744 6500 Germany: +49 2173993850 Australia: +61 3 8844 5533 France: contactfrance@imprivata.com     Imprivata Logo Post Footer Menu Sitemap Legal Trust and Security Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2025 Imprivata, Inc. All rights reserved.