Improbable Research – Research that makes people LAUGH, then THINK Skip to content Main Navigation Improbable Research Research that makes people LAUGH, then THINK Home What is Improbable Research? The Ig Nobel Prizes 2025 Ceremony About the Igs Ig Winners The 24/7 Lectures The Ig® Archive Donate to the Igs Publications Magazine (Annals of Improbable Research) Newsletter (mini-AIR) Vintage Podcasts & Videos Podcast Improbable TV Events Upcoming Events Past Events Press Clips The Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists Store Info / Contact Us About Marc Abrahams Pop up search form Donate Home What is Improbable Research? The Ig Nobel Prizes 2025 Ceremony About the Igs Ig Winners The 24/7 Lectures The Ig® Archive Donate to the Igs Publications Magazine (Annals of Improbable Research) Newsletter (mini-AIR) Vintage Podcasts & Videos Podcast Improbable TV Events Upcoming Events Past Events Press Clips The Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists Store Info / Contact Us About Marc Abrahams This is Improbable Too Get books about improbable research and the Ig Nobel Prize Joshua Bamford joins the The Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists™ (LFHCfS) December 30, 2025 Marc Abrahams Joshua Bamford has joined the The Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists™ (LFHCfS). He says: I am a cognitive anthropologist, studying the evolutionary functions of music and dance in Homo sapiens. Since moving to Finland, I have been investigating the effect of passive exposure to heavy metal music on hair growth, finding positive results. Joshua […] LFHCfS (Hair Clubs) Complicated-Simple-Technology-Information-Education Convergence December 29, 2025 Marc Abrahams It’s complicated and yet it’s simple. A person called average_joe_mcc made this video in which he explains the Ig Nobel Prizes by holding his smartphone in one hand, focusing the phone’s camera on his computer screen and on the fingers of his other hand, as he reads aloud the words that are on the computer […] Arts and Science , Ig Nobel stardom , TikTok , Wikipedia Power of Facial Mimicry During Sex, Among Bonobos December 26, 2025 Marc Abrahams Silent bared-teeth and rapid facial mimicry come to the fore, in this new study about what can happen when two participants face off during sex, when and if those two participants are bonobos. The study is: “SEX in Bonobos: The Intensity of Sexual Stimulation Sharply Drops After Facial Mimicry,” Martina Francesconi, Alice Galotti, Yannick Jadoul, […] Arts and Science , Research News bonobos , face , mimicry , sex Nicholas Scarsdale joins the The Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists™ (LFHCfS) December 23, 2025 Marc Abrahams Nicholas Scarsdale has joined the Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists™ (LFHCfS). Abigail Lee, who nominated him, says: “Nicholas Scarsdale has the most luxurious hair of any astronomer I know. He graduated from Penn with a B.A. in Physics and Biophysics and just finished his PhD in Astronomy from UC Santa Cruz. He is soon […] LFHCfS (Hair Clubs) Posts navigation 1 2 3 … 2,738 ❯ Buy This Issue Subscribe Search Search Arts and Science Boys Will Be Boys Extra-Improbable columns Ig Nobel Improbable Investigators Improbable Sex Improbable TV LFHCfS (Hair Clubs) Magazine (AIR) mini-AIR Podcast Research News Subscribe to MINI-AIR Email Address* Name Copyright ©2025 Improbable Research : Research that makes people LAUGH, then THINK . Improbable Research