Transforming Life Sciences with Data, Technology & Human Science | IQVIA Choose a Region Contact Us Explore IQVIA by region As a global community, IQVIA continuously invests and commits to advancing human health. Americas Argentina Brazil Canada Central America and Caribbean Colombia Ecuador Mexico United States Europe Adriatic Nordics Belgium Poland Bulgaria Portugal Czech Republic Romania France Russia Germany Slovakia Greece Spain Hungary Switzerland Ireland Turkey Israel Ukraine Italy United Kingdom Netherlands Asia & Oceania Asia Pacific Australia & NZ China India Japan Korea Southeast Asia Sri Lanka Middle East & Africa Middle East and Africa Regional Thought Leadership US Insights EMEA Thought Leadership Asia Pacific Insights Search Solutions Products Innovations Insights About Careers Search SOLUTIONS Research & Development Real World Evidence Commercialization Safety & Regulatory Compliance Technologies LIFE SCIENCE SEGMENTS Consumer Health Emerging Biopharma Generics MedTech Pharmaceutical Manufacturers HEALTHCARE SEGMENTS Information Partner Services Financial Institutions Global Health Government Patient Associations Payers Providers Therapeutic and Specialty Areas Therapeutic and Specialty Centers of Excellence offer scientific expertise, therapeutic insights and clinical trial experience to expedite new therapies for patients. LEARN MORE Therapeutic and Specialty Areas Allergy & Respiratory Biosimilars Cardiovascular Cell & Gene Therapy Central Nervous System Dermatology Early Phase Clinical Development Endocrinology GI & Hepatology Infectious Diseases & Vaccines Nephrology Obesity Oncology & Hematology Ophthalmology Pediatrics Rare Diseases Reproductive Health Rheumatology Harness the power to transform clinical development Reimagine clinical development by intelligently connecting data, technology, and analytics to optimize your trials. The result? Faster decision making and reduced risk so you can deliver life-changing therapies faster. Research & Development Overview Clinical Trials Reach your clinical development milestones faster with precision, expertise, and speed powered by industry-leading data analytics. Functional Services Agile, data-driven trial solutions that connect people, processes, and technology for faster, smarter R&D delivery. Patient & Site Centric Solutions Support patients and trial sites with tools and services that improve recruitment, engagement, and study execution. Consulting Optimize your R&D strategy, reduce risk and ensure compliance with data, analytics, AI-powered technology and expertise. Therapeutic Expertise Therapeutic and Specialty Centers of Excellence offer scientific expertise, therapeutic insights and clinical trial experience to expedite new therapies for patients. Global Laboratories Specialty and central lab solutions backed by scientific rigor and expertise in biomarkers and antibody drug discovery. Real World Evidence. Real Confidence. Real Results. Generate and disseminate evidence that answers crucial clinical, regulatory and commercial questions, enabling you to drive smarter decisions and meet your stakeholder needs with confidence. REAL WORLD EVIDENCE OVERVIEW Real World & Health Data Sets Global real world data exploration at your fingertips enables critical insights across the product lifecycle. Medical Affairs Access end-to-end Medical Affairs solutions to plan, generate, and disseminate trustworthy medical evidence. IQVIA Health Communications Group Deliver communications that engages stakeholders, advances healthcare and improves lives. Health Data Apps & AI Streamline research process and gain access to real world data discovery with the largest agnostic health data catalog. Health Data Transformation Accelerate disparate health information into insight-rich, value-driving data transformation at scale. Study Design Identify the right study design to answer your research questions with unparalleled data, technology, AI and analytics. Evidence Networks Access global evidence networks to connect data, technology, and analytics for broader study options and collaboration. Health Economics & Value Generate the evidence you need to go from research to market, overcome regulatory hurdles, or support payer approval. Regulatory and Safety Explore options with innovative RWE study approaches to prove your product’s safety and effectiveness. Natural Language Processing Extract insights at scale from unstructured text with IQVIA’s advanced NLP platform—fast, accurate, proven. Real World Evidence Library Explore our Real World Evidence Library for the latest approaches to answer clinical, regulatory, and commercial questions. Make treatments stand out. Ensure differentiation lasts. Enhance commercial effectiveness through precision HCP and patient engagement, backed by  unrivalled data, healthcare-grade AI, and domain expertise. COMMERCIALIZATION OVERVIEW Data and Information Management Make better decisions with quality data. Drive business strategies, optimize engagement and uncover new opportunities. Launch Strategy and Management Achieve launch excellence with a proven partner. Maximize launch performance and realize full market potential. Commercial Analytics & Consulting Gain precision insights for improved commercial effectiveness. Accelerate growth with fact-based decision making. Commercial Engagement Services Fuel customer engagement and patient adherence with patient support and commercial outsourcing services. Established Brands Optimization Defend market share and maximize value with proven approaches for established brands across global markets. Service driven. Tech-enabled. Integrated compliance. Orchestrate your success across the complete compliance lifecycle with best-in-class services and solutions for safety, regulatory, quality and medical information. COMPLIANCE OVERVIEW Safety Pharmacovigilance Pharmacovigilance powered by human expertise and advanced technology to deliver speed, accuracy, and global compliance. Regulatory Compliance Regulatory solutions blending human expertise and technology to cut complexity, cost, and risk across the lifecycle. Quality Compliance Break down quality and compliance silos with integrated software and services across the full product lifecycle. Medical Information Medical information delivered by skilled professionals and innovative technology for quality, scalable support worldwide. Commercial Compliance Experienced teams and advanced technology deliver scalable, transparent, and reliable commercial compliance. Harness technology for a healthier world. IQVIA Technologies helps life sciences accelerate innovation to make a greater impact on human health. Our transformative technologies harness intelligence, integrate industry leading data and analytics, and use advance AI/ML capabilities to unleash business potential faster. TECHNOLOGIES OVERVIEW Site Suite Increase transparency, improve communications and reduce administrative burden of your clinical trials from start to finish. Patient Suite Simplify trials with a solution that improves operations, elevates experience, and drives better patient outcomes. Clinical Trial Financial Suite AI-powered platform unifying budgeting, contracting, forecasting, and payments for streamlined clinical trial financial management. Safety Suite Streamline pharmacovigilance with AI-powered automation, global expertise, and real-time safety insights. Quality Management and Regulatory Suite Streamline global QA/RA processes with AI-enabled  QMS & RIM for compliance, efficiency, and faster market access. Partner Programs Join our partner ecosystem to build alliances, drive business value, and create mutually beneficial relationships. Technology Insights Check out the latest tech-related resources, thought leadership and best practices for insights that matter most in Life Sciences. Commercial Compliance Work with compliance experts to create and manage processes ensuring global regulation compliance. The IQVIA difference IQVIA Connected Intelligence™ IQVIA Healthcare-grade AI® Making an Impact CLINICAL PRODUCTS Planning Suite Grant Plan Site Suite Clinical Trial Payments Investigator Site Portal One Home for Sites Patient Engagement Suite Electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment (eCOA) Interactive Response Technology (IRT) Clinical Data Analytics Solutions COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS Information Management Launch Strategy & Management Pricing & Market Access Brand Strategy & Management Promotional Engagement Patient Insights for HCP Engagement Alerts & Triggers Orchestrated Analytics Next Best Action Patient Engagement and Support COMPLIANCE, SAFETY, REG PRODUCTS IQVIA Vigilance Platform Commercial Compliance Regulatory Compliance RIM Smart Quality Compliance SmartSolve eQMS Safety & Pharmacovigilance REAL WORLD PRODUCTS Real World & Healthcare Data Health Data Apps & AI Analytics Research Accelerator​ Expert Ecosystem​ AI Patient & HCP Profiling- Commercial AI Patient & Provider Profiling- Med Affairs​ AI Patient & HCP Profiling- Healthcare​ Natural Language Processing Market Access Insights Direct-to-Patient Research Innovation at IQVIA At IQVIA our foundation is built on innovation. We are committed to finding new and smarter approaches to solving customer challenges. Explore some of the latest ways we can help drive your results. IQVIA AI We’ve developed a novel approach to AI specifically for life sciences to ensure trust, transparency, and transformational results. Explore IQVIA AI Collaborating with NVIDIA to launch AI agents IQVIA’s new custom-built AI agents using NVIDIA technology are designed to enhance workflows and accelerate insights for life sciences. Read the press release Protocol Design Optimization Transform clinical trials with data-driven insights and patient-centric strategies to create smarter protocols, reduce risk, and accelerate study success." Explore Protocol Design Optimization IQVIA Medical Reasoning LLM “Med-R1 8B” is built to empower healthcare and life science organizations, enhance decision-making, and ultimately transform patient outcomes. Explore IQVIA Medical Reasoning BLOGS, WHITE PAPERS & CASE STUDIES Explore our library of insights, thought leadership, and the latest topics & trends in healthcare. DISCOVER INSIGHTS THE IQVIA INSTITUTE An in-depth exploration of the global healthcare ecosystem with timely research, insightful analysis, and scientific expertise. SEE LATEST REPORTS INSTITUTE REPORT Global Trends in R&D 2025 READ MORE EMEA Insights IQVIA thought leadership with a focus on EMEA. Learn more WHITE PAPER DCTs Deliver Big ROI LEARN MORE WHITE PAPER Capturing value at scale: The $4 billion RWE imperative LEARN MORE WHO WE ARE Our Story Our Impact Commitment to Global Health Code of Conduct Sustainability Privacy Executive Team NEWS & RESOURCES News Events & Webinars Industry Analyst Reports COVID-19 Resources Our Locations Investor Relations Quarterly Results Press Releases Events Governance Documents Investor FAQs INVESTOR RELATIONS Visit our investor relations site for more information. LEARN MORE IQVIA Careers Overview Our Company Culture Benefits Life at IQVIA Blog Featured Careers Clinical Research Technology & Analytics Consulting Interns Clinical Research Associates AI & Machine Learning Stay Connected Global Talent Network IQVIA Alumni Network View Open Roles WE'RE HIRING At IQVIA your potential has no limits. We thrive on bold ideas and fearless innovation. Join us in reimagining what’s possible. VIEW ROLES Choose a Region Contact Us Explore IQVIA by region As a global community, IQVIA continuously invests and commits to advancing human health. Americas Argentina Brazil Canada Central America and Caribbean Colombia Ecuador Mexico United States Europe Adriatic Nordics Belgium Poland Bulgaria Portugal Czech Republic Romania France Russia Germany Slovakia Greece Spain Hungary Switzerland Ireland Turkey Israel Ukraine Italy United Kingdom Netherlands Asia & Oceania Asia Pacific Australia & NZ China India Japan Korea Southeast Asia Sri Lanka Middle East & Africa Middle East and Africa Regional Thought Leadership US Insights EMEA Thought Leadership Asia Pacific Insights Solutions Products Innovations Insights About Careers Main Search SOLUTIONS Research & Development Real World Evidence Commercialization Safety & Regulatory Compliance Technologies LIFE SCIENCE SEGMENTS Consumer Health Emerging Biopharma Generics MedTech Pharmaceutical Manufacturers HEALTHCARE SEGMENTS Information Partner Services Financial Institutions Global Health Government Patient Associations Payers Providers Therapeutic and Specialty Areas Therapeutic and Specialty Centers of Excellence offer scientific expertise, therapeutic insights and clinical trial experience to expedite new therapies for patients. LEARN MORE Therapeutic and Specialty Areas Allergy & Respiratory Biosimilars Cardiovascular Cell & Gene Therapy Central Nervous System Dermatology Early Phase Clinical Development Endocrinology GI & Hepatology Infectious Diseases & Vaccines Nephrology Obesity Oncology & Hematology Ophthalmology Pediatrics Rare Diseases Reproductive Health Rheumatology Harness the power to transform clinical development Reimagine clinical development by intelligently connecting data, technology, and analytics to optimize your trials. The result? Faster decision making and reduced risk so you can deliver life-changing therapies faster. Research & Development Overview Clinical Trials Reach your clinical development milestones faster with precision, expertise, and speed powered by industry-leading data analytics. Functional Services Agile, data-driven trial solutions that connect people, processes, and technology for faster, smarter R&D delivery. Patient & Site Centric Solutions Support patients and trial sites with tools and services that improve recruitment, engagement, and study execution. Consulting Optimize your R&D strategy, reduce risk and ensure compliance with data, analytics, AI-powered technology and expertise. Therapeutic Expertise Therapeutic and Specialty Centers of Excellence offer scientific expertise, therapeutic insights and clinical trial experience to expedite new therapies for patients. Global Laboratories Specialty and central lab solutions backed by scientific rigor and expertise in biomarkers and antibody drug discovery. Real World Evidence. Real Confidence. Real Results. Generate and disseminate evidence that answers crucial clinical, regulatory and commercial questions, enabling you to drive smarter decisions and meet your stakeholder needs with confidence. REAL WORLD EVIDENCE OVERVIEW Real World & Health Data Sets Global real world data exploration at your fingertips enables critical insights across the product lifecycle. Medical Affairs Access end-to-end Medical Affairs solutions to plan, generate, and disseminate trustworthy medical evidence. IQVIA Health Communications Group Deliver communications that engages stakeholders, advances healthcare and improves lives. Health Data Apps & AI Streamline research process and gain access to real world data discovery with the largest agnostic health data catalog. Health Data Transformation Accelerate disparate health information into insight-rich, value-driving data transformation at scale. Study Design Identify the right study design to answer your research questions with unparalleled data, technology, AI and analytics. Evidence Networks Access global evidence networks to connect data, technology, and analytics for broader study options and collaboration. Health Economics & Value Generate the evidence you need to go from research to market, overcome regulatory hurdles, or support payer approval. Regulatory and Safety Explore options with innovative RWE study approaches to prove your product’s safety and effectiveness. Natural Language Processing Extract insights at scale from unstructured text with IQVIA’s advanced NLP platform—fast, accurate, proven. Real World Evidence Library Explore our Real World Evidence Library for the latest approaches to answer clinical, regulatory, and commercial questions. Make treatments stand out. Ensure differentiation lasts. Enhance commercial effectiveness through precision HCP and patient engagement, backed by  unrivalled data, healthcare-grade AI, and domain expertise. COMMERCIALIZATION OVERVIEW Data and Information Management Make better decisions with quality data. Drive business strategies, optimize engagement and uncover new opportunities. Launch Strategy and Management Achieve launch excellence with a proven partner. Maximize launch performance and realize full market potential. Commercial Analytics & Consulting Gain precision insights for improved commercial effectiveness. Accelerate growth with fact-based decision making. Commercial Engagement Services Fuel customer engagement and patient adherence with patient support and commercial outsourcing services. Established Brands Optimization Defend market share and maximize value with proven approaches for established brands across global markets. Service driven. Tech-enabled. Integrated compliance. Orchestrate your success across the complete compliance lifecycle with best-in-class services and solutions for safety, regulatory, quality and medical information. COMPLIANCE OVERVIEW Safety Pharmacovigilance Pharmacovigilance powered by human expertise and advanced technology to deliver speed, accuracy, and global compliance. Regulatory Compliance Regulatory solutions blending human expertise and technology to cut complexity, cost, and risk across the lifecycle. Quality Compliance Break down quality and compliance silos with integrated software and services across the full product lifecycle. Medical Information Medical information delivered by skilled professionals and innovative technology for quality, scalable support worldwide. Commercial Compliance Experienced teams and advanced technology deliver scalable, transparent, and reliable commercial compliance. Harness technology for a healthier world. IQVIA Technologies helps life sciences accelerate innovation to make a greater impact on human health. Our transformative technologies harness intelligence, integrate industry leading data and analytics, and use advance AI/ML capabilities to unleash business potential faster. TECHNOLOGIES OVERVIEW Site Suite Increase transparency, improve communications and reduce administrative burden of your clinical trials from start to finish. Patient Suite Simplify trials with a solution that improves operations, elevates experience, and drives better patient outcomes. Clinical Trial Financial Suite AI-powered platform unifying budgeting, contracting, forecasting, and payments for streamlined clinical trial financial management. Safety Suite Streamline pharmacovigilance with AI-powered automation, global expertise, and real-time safety insights. Quality Management and Regulatory Suite Streamline global QA/RA processes with AI-enabled  QMS & RIM for compliance, efficiency, and faster market access. Partner Programs Join our partner ecosystem to build alliances, drive business value, and create mutually beneficial relationships. Technology Insights Check out the latest tech-related resources, thought leadership and best practices for insights that matter most in Life Sciences. Commercial Compliance Work with compliance experts to create and manage processes ensuring global regulation compliance. The IQVIA difference IQVIA Connected Intelligence™ IQVIA Healthcare-grade AI® Making an Impact Main CLINICAL PRODUCTS Planning Suite Grant Plan Site Suite Clinical Trial Payments Investigator Site Portal One Home for Sites Patient Engagement Suite Electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment (eCOA) Interactive Response Technology (IRT) Clinical Data Analytics Solutions COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS Information Management Launch Strategy & Management Pricing & Market Access Brand Strategy & Management Promotional Engagement Patient Insights for HCP Engagement Alerts & Triggers Orchestrated Analytics Next Best Action Patient Engagement and Support COMPLIANCE, SAFETY, REG PRODUCTS IQVIA Vigilance Platform Commercial Compliance Regulatory Compliance RIM Smart Quality Compliance SmartSolve eQMS Safety & Pharmacovigilance REAL WORLD PRODUCTS Real World & Healthcare Data Health Data Apps & AI Analytics Research Accelerator​ Expert Ecosystem​ AI Patient & HCP Profiling- Commercial AI Patient & Provider Profiling- Med Affairs​ AI Patient & HCP Profiling- Healthcare​ Natural Language Processing Market Access Insights Direct-to-Patient Research Main Innovation at IQVIA At IQVIA our foundation is built on innovation. We are committed to finding new and smarter approaches to solving customer challenges. Explore some of the latest ways we can help drive your results. IQVIA AI We’ve developed a novel approach to AI specifically for life sciences to ensure trust, transparency, and transformational results. Explore IQVIA AI Collaborating with NVIDIA to launch AI agents IQVIA’s new custom-built AI agents using NVIDIA technology are designed to enhance workflows and accelerate insights for life sciences. Read the press release Protocol Design Optimization Transform clinical trials with data-driven insights and patient-centric strategies to create smarter protocols, reduce risk, and accelerate study success." Explore Protocol Design Optimization IQVIA Medical Reasoning LLM “Med-R1 8B” is built to empower healthcare and life science organizations, enhance decision-making, and ultimately transform patient outcomes. Explore IQVIA Medical Reasoning Main BLOGS, WHITE PAPERS & CASE STUDIES Explore our library of insights, thought leadership, and the latest topics & trends in healthcare. DISCOVER INSIGHTS THE IQVIA INSTITUTE An in-depth exploration of the global healthcare ecosystem with timely research, insightful analysis, and scientific expertise. SEE LATEST REPORTS INSTITUTE REPORT Global Trends in R&D 2025 READ MORE EMEA Insights IQVIA thought leadership with a focus on EMEA. Learn more WHITE PAPER DCTs Deliver Big ROI LEARN MORE WHITE PAPER Capturing value at scale: The $4 billion RWE imperative LEARN MORE Main WHO WE ARE Our Story Our Impact Commitment to Global Health Code of Conduct Sustainability Privacy Executive Team NEWS & RESOURCES News Events & Webinars Industry Analyst Reports COVID-19 Resources Our Locations Investor Relations Quarterly Results Press Releases Events Governance Documents Investor FAQs INVESTOR RELATIONS Visit our investor relations site for more information. LEARN MORE Main IQVIA Careers Overview Our Company Culture Benefits Life at IQVIA Blog Featured Careers Clinical Research Technology & Analytics Consulting Interns Clinical Research Associates AI & Machine Learning Stay Connected Global Talent Network IQVIA Alumni Network View Open Roles WE'RE HIRING At IQVIA your potential has no limits. We thrive on bold ideas and fearless innovation. Join us in reimagining what’s possible. VIEW ROLES Search IQVIA Healthcare-grade AI® IQVIA partnering with NVIDIA to accelerate Healthcare-grade AI® This collaboration will create new ways for customers to accelerate their efforts to improve patient outcomes. Learn more Industry Recognition IQVIA named to Fortune® World’s Most Admired Companies™ list IQVIA is proud to be included in Fortune® “World’s Most Admired Companies™” list 2025 for the eighth consecutive year. We are also excited to earn first place in FORTUNE Health Care: Pharmacy and Other Services category for the fourth time. * Learn more IQVIA AI Meet the IQVIA AI Assistant Introducing our new generative AI interface that lets you interact with our products and solutions like never before. Simply ask questions and get insights you can trust, faster. Learn more Discover your passion at IQVIA Creating a healthier world starts with a passion to make a difference. Be part of an exciting, collaborative team and help drive healthcare forward. APPLY TODAY On This Page Our Difference Explore Solutions Products Expertise Insights Careers Copy Link On This Page Our Difference Explore Solutions Products Expertise Insights Careers Latest News IQVIA and Veeva Announce Long-term Clinical and Commercial Partnerships and Resolution of All Disputes IQVIA launches new AI agents for life sciences and healthcare Understanding the Use of Medicines in the U.S. 2025 IQVIA named a front-runner in generative AI innovation by global industry research and analysis firm IQVIA recognized as a Leader in 2025 Everest Group Life Sciences AI and Analytics Services for Commercial PEAK Matrix® Assessment IQVIA wins  Fierce CRO Award for Innovative Approaches to Patient-Centric Research. Accelerating innovations to get you better results. Life sciences and healthcare are rapidly evolving and you need a partner who understands your challenges. That’s what you get with IQVIA Connected Intelligence ™. It’s when we bring together the right data, expertise, AI, analytics, and technology to address your unique needs, and help you discover new possibilities for success. Learn more AGENTIC AI IQVIA agentic AI is ready for you right now Simply ask Prev Next Explore IQVIA’s healthcare solutions Research & Development Real World Evidence Commercialization Safety & Regulatory Compliance Technologies Emerging Biopharma Harness the power to transform clinical development. Reimagine clinical development by intelligently connecting data, technology, and analytics to optimize your trials. The result? Faster decision making and reduced risk so you can deliver life-changing therapies faster. Learn More Real world evidence.  Real confidence.  Real results. Generate and disseminate the right real world evidence (RWE) to meet stakeholder needs with confidence. Learn More See markets more clearly and opportunities more often. Synthesize AI-driven advanced analytics, insights and deep healthcare expertise. The result – tech-driven solutions that infuse your brands with the precision, speed and scale to outperform the market. Learn More Heighten performance, increase efficiencies. Orchestrate your success across the complete compliance lifecycle with best-in-class, integrated services and technology solutions for safety, regulatory, quality and medical information. Learn More Intelligence that transforms life sciences end-to-end. When your destination is a healthier world, making intelligent connections between data, technology and services is your roadmap. Learn More Commercial solutions Maximize your asset’s probability of success in a complex, competitive environment with comprehensive solutions that intelligently connect best-in-class insights, technology, and expertise. Learn about IQVIA Asset Maximizer . Clinical solutions IQVIA Biotech provides full-service clinical development solutions with specialized, dedicated teams. Learn about IQVIA Biotech . Accelerate asset success to improve patient outcomes. Explore intelligently designed, flexible solutions that are right for you across clinical development, evidence generation and commercial execution to maximize the value of your asset. Products built for life sciences Field Force Agent IQVIA Field Force Agent, an AI-powered assistant that helps life sciences field teams plan and execute high-impact, compliant HCP engagements by delivering real-time insights. Built on IQVIA’s curated, agent-ready healthcare data, including IQVIA OneKey — the industry’s most comprehensive HCP/HCO reference data — enabling smarter segmentation, dynamic targeting, and deeper profiling. SEE IT IN ACTION Global Market Insights  (GMI) Agent IQVIA Global Market Insights (GMI) Agent provides a unified view of the global market landscape by leveraging agentic AI to answer multi-dimensional questions no single solution could. It analyzes market shifts using real-time HCP sentiment, optimizes launch strategies with competitive intelligence, and spots opportunities by identifying trends across sales, promotional channels, physician engagement, and forecasts. SEE IT IN ACTION Prev Next Expertise where it counts 64+ Petabytes of proprietary data 1.2B+ Non-identified patient records 100+ Countries we operate in, establishing a true global footprint 46% Faster clinical trial site identification 13K+ Technology experts building solutions that meet unique needs in healthcare 85% Percentage of global pharma sales tracked Insights Library Find out about the latest from IQVIA data scientists, doctors, researchers, and other experts on the topics that matter to you. Explore Now IQVIA Institute The IQVIA Institute for Human Data Science contributes to the advancement of human health globally. Explore Now Help drive healthcare forward We want to make a difference for patients. With diverse expertise, innovative thinking, and powerful capabilities, IQVIA helps customers get better results, so patients can have better outcomes. Explore more to see how your skills can help. Apply today * From Fortune , ©2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune® is a registered trademark and Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies™ is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse the products or services of, IQVIA. Contact Us ©2025 IQVIA Inc, All Rights Reserved. Investor Relations Customer Portal Careers Code of Conduct Events Contact Us Third-Party Access Suppliers Privacy Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Sitemap © 2018-2025. All rights reserved. IQVIA® is a registered trademark of IQVIA Inc. in the United States, the European Union, and various other countries. HEALTHCARE-GRADE AI® is a registered trademark of IQVIA Inc. in the United States. © 2018-2025. All rights reserved. IQVIA® is a registered trademark of IQVIA Inc. in the United States, the European Union, and various other countries. HEALTHCARE-GRADE AI® is a registered trademark of IQVIA Inc. in the United States.