Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Customize
Allow all
New Hosting Revenue — Unlocked!
Launch your own professional WordPress services without upfront
investment or headcount. Powered by Seahawk — Branded as you.
START FREE TRIAL
LOGIN
SUPPORT
PRODUCTS
PRICING
RESOURCES
IMUNIFY
The All-in-One Web Server Security Platform for
Hosting Providers
Digital Agencies
Website Owners
With Imunify360’s always-on, automated protection, you can stop worrying about security threats and focus on growing your business.
START FREE TRIAL
LIVE DEMO
Comprehensive Security for Your Business
FOR HOSTING PROVIDERS
FOR DIGITAL AGENCIES
FOR WEBSITE OWNERS
Reduce support costs, lower customer churn, and mitigate brand damage. Imunify360 is the automated security platform that adds tangible value to your hosting packages and improves your bottom line.


A Smarter Approach to Server Security
Stop Threats, Even Zero−Day
Don’t just react to malware. Our Proactive Defense engine analyzes script behavior in real-time to kill brand-new, unknown threats before they can ever do damage.

Save Countless Hours
From automated malware cleanup to firewall rules managed by our security experts, we automate the time-consuming manual tasks that distract you from your core business.

Secure Without Slowdown
Our CloudAV and RapidScan technologies ensure robust security doesn’t come at the cost of your server’s performance. It’s powerful protection, engineered to be efficient.

If I could give one piece of advice to other agencies and hosts, it’s this: don’t wait, it’s worth it. I wish I’d started using Imunify360 sooner. It’s the silver bullet that gives you confidence and lets you focus on your business.

Brian Singer
Principal, Foxtrot Media, Inc.

As a global web hosting company, our reputation is vital to us. Imunify360 has helped us maintain our 5.0 Trustpilot rating by significantly reducing the number of hacked and compromised websites on our platform. We consider it a must-install tool for any web hosting server.

Darren Lingham
Co-founder, StablePoint

For us, hacked sites have been a significant issue for server CPU usage as it affected all server aspects, including its performance and other customer sites. After installing Imunify360, shared server loads dramatically dropped, allowing us to monetize server resources.

Cihan Nimsi
C-Level Executive, Güzel Hosting

Since implementing Imunify360 on all our servers, we have noticed a significant decrease in false positives. This product’s smart algorithms are able to distinguish actual threats from benign activities with a high degree of accuracy, saving us invaluable time and resources.

Eric Caldwell
CEO, WebJIVE
Powered by a Global Threat Intelligence Network
Every server protected by Imunify contributes to and benefits from a massive threat intelligence network. An attack on one server is a defense for all, as threats are blocked across the entire network in real-time.
How It Works: Defense in Depth
We stop threats at every stage with multiple, integrated layers of protection.
Ready to Experience
Automated Security?
Start a full-featured trial on your server in minutes, or talk to one of our experts to find the perfect solution for your business.
Get Imunify360 Now  Talk to an Expert
PRODUCTS
 Imunify360
 ImunifyAV
 Imunify Email
 Imunify Patch
 Pricing
RESOURCES
Imunify360 support portal
Community Forum
Contact support
Login to CLN
Resources
FAQ
Documentation
Getting Started
Online Helpdesk
Blog
COMPANY
 About Us
 Contact
 Careers We’re hiring!
 Legal
 Do Not Sell My Personal Data
 Security & Privacy
 Vulnerability Reporting
Contact Us
 Contact Sales
 Contact Support
 Submit Feature Request
FOLLOW
  
© All rights reserved. Imunify360 and CloudLinux Backup are the registered trademarks of Cloud Linux Software, Inc.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policies Hub | Legal | DMCA Notice