workspace.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Gmail
Skip to main content
For work
Sign in
Create an account
Secure, smart, and easy to use email

Get more done with Gmail. Now integrated with Google Chat, Google Meet, and more, all in one place.

Create an account
For work
Gemini in Gmail

Save time managing your inbox at home or on the go with Gemini. Use Gemini with your Google AI Pro or Ultra plan for personal use or as part of your Google Workspace plan for work.

Write better emails with the help of AI

Gemini in Gmail can compose well-written drafts or replies for you to edit, personalize and quickly hit send.

Search your inbox in a whole new way
See the important details, summarized
Email that’s secure, private, and puts you in control
We never use your Gmail content for any ads purposes

Gmail uses industry-leading encryption for all messages you receive and send. We never use your Gmail content to personalize ads.

Gmail keeps over a billion people safe every day
The most advanced phishing protections available
Best-in-class controls over emails you send
Get more done with Gmail
Stay connected and get organized

Start a Chat, jump into a video call with Meet, or collaborate in a Doc, all right from Gmail.

Get more done faster
Never forget to reply
Gmail is better on the app
Express yourself with emojis

Emoji reactions are a fast and fun way to reply to emails, only available with the Gmail app.

Find your emails faster
Switch between accounts
Bring the best of Gmail to your device

Works with other tools

Gmail works great with desktop clients like Microsoft Outlook, Apple Mail and Mozilla Thunderbird, including contact and event sync.

Stay productive, even offline

Gmail offline lets you read, reply, delete, and search your Gmail messages when you’re not connected to the internet.

Experience Gmail on any device

Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Gmail, wherever you are.

Gmail is now part of Google Workspace

Collaborate faster, from any device, anytime, all in one place.

Google Workspace is a set of productivity and collaboration tools that helps individuals, teams, and businesses stay on top of everything. It is a flexible, innovative solution for business or personal use that includes all of your favorite apps like Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Docs, Meet, and more.

Learn more
Find the answers you need
Expand all

Gmail has always had strong security as a foundation. We work hard to protect you from spam, phishing, and malware, before they reach your inbox. Our AI-enhanced spam-filtering capabilities block nearly 10 million spam emails every minute.

Need more help?

Browse tips and step-by-step guides made for both new users and power users.

Help Center
Show the world how it’s done.

Get started with a more powerful Gmail.

Create an account
For work
Privacy
Terms
About Google
Google Products
Policy
Privacy & Security
Manage cookies
Help
English
Change Language
English