AI-powered Identity Verification | Incode Skip to content Introducing Deepsight. Protect your business from deepfakes. Get Started Introducing Deepsight Protect your business from deepfakes Get Started Platform Solutions Why Incode Technology Resources Company Request a demo Platform Explore Platform Orchestration Dashboard Everything in one place Workflow Builder No-code flow builder UI Customization Brand-aligned journeys Decisioning & Results Transparency on every session Advanced Analytics Monitor performance and trends Case Management Smarter case reviews Platform Integrations APIs and SDKs Featured Products Deepsight Detect and block every deepfake Trust Graph Workforce (KYE) Risk AI Agent Agentic Identity Featured Modules Facial Recognition Document Verification OCR Deepfake Detection Liveness Detection Network Face Age Estimation Use Cases KYC/AML compliance Identity Verification (IDV) Non-Document Verification Know Your Business (KYB) Workforce (KYE) Candidate Verification Age Verification Digital ID Verification Featured Industries Financial services Healthcare Online gaming Online gambling E-commerce & marketplaces Public sector Social media Learning Blog Press For developers Developer hub Platform documentation API documentation Workforce documentation Company About Awards Life at Incode Careers Contact Us Platform Platform Explore Platform Orchestration Dashboard Everything in one place Workflow Builder No-code flow builder UI Customization Brand-aligned journeys Decisioning & Results Transparency on every session Advanced Analytics Monitor performance and trends Case Management Smarter case reviews Platform Integrations APIs and SDKs Featured Products Deepsight Detect and block every deepfake Trust Graph Workforce (KYE) Risk AI Agent Agentic Identity Featured Modules Facial Recognition Document Verification OCR Deepfake Detection Liveness detection Network Solutions Use Cases KYC/AML compliance Identity Verification (IDV) Non-Document Verification Know Your Business (KYB) Workforce (KYE) Candidate Verification Age Verification Featured Industries Financial services Healthcare Online gaming Online gambling E-commerce & marketplaces Public sector Social media Why Incode Technology Resources Learning Blog Press For developers Developer hub Platform documentation API documentation Workforce documentation Company About Awards Life at Incode Careers Contact Us Request a demo Introducing: Deepsight The world’s most accurate deepfake detection system Learn More A Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification Power a world of trust at the speed of AI Adapt faster than fraud with state-of-the-art, frontier AI and the scale of a global data network. Request a demo 4.1B+ trust checks in 2024 We secure trust for 8 of the top 10 banks in the United States 8 of the top 9 telecom companies in North America 4 of the top 5 banks in Latin America 3 of the top 3 neobanks in the world Trusted by the world’s leading companies Benefits Your AI-driven security challenges, solved Safeguard trust by leveraging our in-house AI technology that secures every transaction Eliminate fraud Keep bad actors out with advanced AI-powered prevention. Safeguard every step of the verification journey with end-to-end fraud signal monitoring. Stay ahead of new threats Anticipate and defeat deepfakes, synthetic identities, and other AI-driven fraud attacks with continuously evolving machine learning models. Optimize conversion Provide users with effortless, seamless and secure identity verification. Customize your experience to blend seamlessly with your brand. Built on trust Setting the standard in identity verification The future of identity, recognized by the world’s most trusted voices Incode named a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Identity Verification for the second consecutive year. Download the report Incode is recognized as a Leading Vendor in Liminal’s Link™ Index for KYC. Download Link™ Index Top-rated by customers in G2’s Index for Identity Verification Explore G2 Index Defend against deepfakes from every angle Incode prevents fraud across the entire identity verification journey. Learn more Why Incode Why leading enterprises choose Incode Incode is built differently. Using our data advantage, superior AI, and speed, we provide the adaptability to stay ahead of every threat. A data advantage With 4.1B+ identity checks annually and 400M identity profiles worldwide, Incode has a massive data set to train models to fight fraud. Superior AI Our proprietary, frontier AI models deliver consistent performance at the top of industry benchmarks and the adaptability to stay ahead of fraud. Enterprise focus We provide end-to-end identity solutions with a modular core platform, easily orchestrated and integrated tools, deep partnerships, and >99.99 reliability. The best trust decisions We help you secure trust in the AI era. The ultimate outcome we deliver is the protection of every surface area against AI-driven fraud threats. A data advantage With 4.1B+ identity checks annually and 400M identity profiles worldwide, Incode has the data advantage to fight fraud at every level. Superior AI Our proprietary, frontier AI models deliver consistent performance at the top of industry benchmarks and the adaptability to stay ahead of fraud. Enterprise focus We provide end-to-end identity solutions with a modular core platform, easily orchestrated and integrated tools, deep partnerships, and >99.99% reliability. High trust decisions We help you secure trust in the AI era. The ultimate outcome we deliver is the protection of every surface area against AI-driven fraud threats. Use cases One platform, limitless applications Incode powers every identity moment with zero friction and total trust. Customer Trust Business Trust Workforce Trust Agentic Trust Customer Trust Customer Trust Verify true identities at onboarding to protect your business and customers from fraud. Customer verification Secure high-risk assets and transactions with quick and easy step-up protection. KYC/AML compliance Meet compliance requirements with zero-friction checks against biometric sources of truth. Customer authentication Let onboarded customers log in securely with a quick selfie. Business Trust Business Trust Screen and verify businesses to build compliant and trusted business relationships from the start. KYC/AML compliance Verify businesses and their owners (KYC) to guarantee compliant business onboarding. UBO verification Confirm the identity of the true business owners to limit your risk exposure Watchlist screening Automatically check against global sanctions and risk lists to stay compliant. Workforce Trust Workforce Trust Protect internal systems and workflows by confirming true employee identity before granting critical access or processing credential resets. Employee verification Prevent unauthorized access with identity checks at onboarding and key access points Help desk & self-serve password/MFA reset Reduce support costs and resolution time by letting employees verify their identities and reset credentials without IT intervention. Candidate verification Block deepfakes early to reduce hiring risk and prevent fraud. Agentic Trust Agentic Trust Verify the identity of autonomous AI systems to prevent fraud, ensure compliance and build trust in digital interactions. Verified owner identity Authenticate agent owners using high-assurance ID verification with liveness detection that blocks deepfakes. Agent detection & classification Detect agent activity across apps and protocols, classifying humans vs anonymous and authenticated agents. Tokenization & audit trail Issue agents a secure token that links actions to verified owners, enabling attribution and regulatory traceability. Customer Testimonials Maximum growth without compromise Power your business with AI-driven identity verification that stops fraud and ensures compliance. “By integrating Incode’s cutting-edge identity verification technology into the Ascend Platform, we’re empowering organizations to make faster, smarter decisions while tailoring their fraud and risk strategies with unprecedented agility and precision.” Marika Vilen SVP Global Partnerships & Commercialization, Experian “Six months of rigorous testing proved Incode indispensable for our stringent security and compliance benchmarks” Miguel Lavalle Head of Account Opening at Citi “Incode’s world class technology and the ability to connect with government databases have been key factors in our efforts to eradicate fraud in Mexico” Juan Pablo Ortega Co-founder & Head, Rappibank “Klar exists to expand universal financial access in Mexico. Reaching underserved users at scale required a completely new way to think about identity verification, aligned with our mission and our technology. Incode delivers exactly that.” Luis Ortiz COO at Klar “We needed a solution that was secure, highly accurate, and could scale with our vision. Incode met all of those needs and more. With Incode, we’re now able to offer a truly digital onboarding experience that doesn’t sacrifice security.” Eduardo Dondé Founder and General Director of Banco Dondé “Our partnership with Incode enables a seamless digital experience for legitimate customers, while effectively preventing sophisticated fraud.” Ajay Guru SVP and GM of Digital Solutions at Equifax Global recognition Customers and industry leaders trust Incode Verified reviews, certifications, and customer stories show the impact of Incode’s technology. Incode leads G2’s Index for Identity Verification with top customer ratings Incode’s identity verification system exceeds all expectations. View all reviews Join our newsletter Get expert insights into the evolving landscape of AI-powered identity verification and fraud prevention. Incode Technologies, Inc. 101 Mission St, suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA Tel: +1 (650) 446-3444 Platform Explore Platform Orchestration Dashboard Workflow Builder UI Customization Decisioning & Results Fraud Analytics Case Management Platform Integrations Featured Products Trust Graph Workforce Risk AI Agent Agentic Identity Featured Modules Facial Recognition Document Verification Liveness Detection OCR Deepfake Detection Network Face Age Estimation Use Cases Identity Verification Age Verification KYC/AML Compliance Know Your Business (KYB) Workforce (KYE) Candidate Verification Non-Document Verification Digital ID Verification Industries Financial Services Healthcare Online Gaming Online Gambling E-commerce & Marketplaces Public Sector Social Media Technology Why Incode? Company About Careers Life at Incode Contact us Resources Blog Press Security Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies Settings HIPAA Accessibility SDK & API Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Report Biometric Data Policy and Notice Incode Technologies has been certified to be SOC 2 Type ii Compliant. Incode Technologies uses 256-bit TLS encryption © Incode Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. Incode Trademark [wpml_language_selector_widget] Join our newsletter Get expert insights into the evolving landscape of AI-powered identity verification and fraud prevention. Platform Explore Platform Orchestration Dashboard Workflow Builder UI Customization Decisioning & Results Fraud Analytics Case Management Platform Integrations Featured Products Deepsight Trust Graph Workforce Risk AI Agent Featured Modules Facial Recognition Document Verification Liveness Detection OCR Deepfake Detection Network Use Cases Identity Verification Age Verification KYC/AML Compliance Know Your Business (KYB) Workforce (KYE) Candidate Verification Non-Document Verification Industries Financial Services Healthcare Online Gaming Online Gambling E-commerce & Marketplaces Public Sector Resources Blog Press Company Why Incode Technology About Careers Life at Incode Contact us Incode Technologies, Inc. 101 Mission St, suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA Tel: +1 (650) 446-3444 Incode Technologies has been certified to be SOC 2 Type ii Compliant. Incode Technologies uses 256-bit TLS encryption © Incode Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. Incode Trademark Security Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies Settings HIPAA Accessibility SDK & API Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Report Biometric Data Policy and Notice [wpml_language_selector_widget] Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent