Indian Sex Stories
60,000+ Fresh desi & Hindi sex stories
 
search
Home
Submit Story
Indian Sex Photos
Popular Stories
Desi stories
XXX videos
Indian Sex Cams
Porn Dude
Support
search
Best Indian Sex Stories
Audio sex stories
Couple
Desi
Gay sex stories
Group
Hindi sex stories (𝓝𝓮𝔀)
Incest
Indian Sex Photos
Lesbian
Maid Servant
Malayalam
Naukrani
Office / Teacher
Rishton Mein Chudai
Poetry / Jokes
Samuhik Chudai
Tamil Sex Stories
Teacher Ke Saath
Virgin
Sex Novels
Editor’s Picks
Savita Bhabhi
Velamma
More categories
Latest Sex Stories
Shadow Desires – Part 1
On 2025-12-29  Category: Group Tags: cuckold, Editor's Picks, gangbang 4,195

Anu's descent into sexual adventures makes her a whore, degrading her marriage and cuckolding her husband. She goes to a pub & gets gangbanged like a slut.

I introduce my Newly Wed Wife to the World of Cuckold
On 2025-12-29  Category: Couple Tags: cuckold, fantasy, Newly married 7,603

It's a real story about how I convinced my newlywed wife to cuckold me. I started by winning her trust and listening to her sex experience with her bf.

Lost to Urooj – Standup comedian
On 2025-12-29  Category: Couple Tags: affair, foreign, pub 4,304

A guy working behind the scenes on a comedy tour bumps into stand-up comedian Urooj Ashfaq in a cafe near Soho Theatre during her November 2025 UK tour.

Padosan Prachi ki hawas
On 2025-12-29  Category: Desi Tags: big ass, boobs press, boobs sucking 7,145

Ek shadishuda mahila ko khush karna aasan nahi hota. Ye sab mansik hai. Ab, padhte raho or jaano ki maine apni slutty padosi ki ichchhaon ko kaise pura kia!

Nimki Di – My sex guru
On 2025-12-28  Category: Couple Tags: 10,950

A young boy's initiation into the beautiful world of hot sex. Read how two childhood friends explored each other's curiosity in the domain of eroticism.

Me, Bestie and Author
On 2025-12-28  Category: Group Tags: cum on face, sucking boobs, threesome 5,447

My bestie and I are both lesbians. We met after 15 years, and that raised the kinky fantasy in us with the Author. Read how three of us enjoyed ourselves.

Best Friend Fucks his Drunken Friend’s wife
On 2025-12-28  Category: Couple Tags: big dick, blowjob, cock sucking 21,084

This story is about how my drunken friend would leave his wife unsatisfied every day. Finally, one night, his wife forced me to fuck her and satisfy her.

Bhabhi ka birthday present
On 2025-12-28  Category: Desi Tags: big ass, big boobs, boobs sucking 10,547

Iss kahani hai mera bhaiya aur unki biwi ki baaremein. Padhiye aur janiye ki kaise bhaiya ne meri sexy bhabhi ko khush ki ek badhiya gift de kar.

Threesome Experience Of Riya & Sumit
On 2025-12-27  Category: Group Tags: prostitute, threesome 14,176

This story is about Sumit and Riya exploring their threesome fantasy together in Rajasthan. Read to know more.

A Late Night Confession That Changed Everything
On 2025-12-27  Category: Couple Tags: BDSM, boobs sucking, horny 13,446

A casual reply to an old acquaintance’s story turns into an unexpected late-night meeting. Two people fresh out of breakups confront unspoken desire.

1
2
…
6,129
Next »
Jump to page
Jump to Page
Editor's pick
Shadow Desires – Part 1
On 2025-12-29  Category: Group Tags: cuckold, Editor's Picks, gangbang

Anu's descent into sexual adventures makes her a whore, degrading her marriage and cuckolding her husband. She goes to a pub & gets gangbanged like a slut.

Seductive Boss Adya
On 2025-12-22  Category: Office / Teacher Tags: anal sex, ass fucking, doggy position

Adya was my boss and welcomed my dick with legs spread open. I rammed the slut as she deserved. Read how she wanted to enjoy anal sex, and I fucked her ass.

Priya’s Last Trip – Part 1
On 2025-12-20  Category: Incest Tags: cum inside, Editor's Picks, erect nipples

A Mom-Son duo go on a camping trip only to fall into the black hole of deviant love that transcends time, space, morals and reality. Read a tale of incest.

The most liked story of last week: Priya’s Last Trip – Part 1 by Madthinker 🏆

Congratulations to the 'Author of the Year 2024': Madthinker

ISS Club - Free Erotic Stories

Get free stories in your inbox every week. Join the ISS club by entering your email address in the box below.

Email
Consent
 By checking this box I declare that the email submitted is my own, and I agree to join ISS mailing list.
SUBSCRIBE

* Privacy guaranteed. We never share your info.

Indian Porn Empire Network
+
FSIBlog

Latest MMS posts, Anjali Aunty, stories, pics, sex news, all updated DAILY!

Bangla Choti

Bangla choti premider jonyo bangla bhasai lekha bangla choti golpo.

Sex Stories

An exclusively desi stories sex site.

Tamil Scandals

Daily updated videos and sexy pictures of south indian beauties in Tamil language.

Telugu sex videos

Erotic MMS clips of Telugu college papas having hardcore dengudu with horny boyfriends, south Indian aunties and vadhinas fucking just like pros and a lot more! India's finest and daily updated Telugu sex videos site.

XXX Stories

Read erotic Indian stories that we couldn't fit in ISS.

Antarvasna : Hindi Sex Stories

The biggest Hindi Sex story site. Updated daily.

Malayalam Kambi Kathakal

Large collection of free Malayalam Sex Stories & hot Kambikuttan sex fantasies.

Indian Live Sex

Horny Indian girls are waiting for your call. Private one-on-one chat room where you can talk to any girl you want. Available 24/7. Try it right now!

Desi Sex Stories

Real Indian sex tales and audio stories.

Antarvasna sex photos - Real desi chudai pics

Sexy desi girls, nude bhabhi and aunties sex pics. Hot blowjob, chut fucking and anal action in horny Indian porn photos.

Indian porn sites

List of good quality Indian porn sites with honest reviews. See comments on quality, user interface, pros and cons of your favourite Indian sex websites at one place. And of course you can find more juicy sites here for you all the time. ;)

Indian Sex Stories was created in 2001 to bring Porn stories to the Indian readers. It transformed into this present avatar in 2006 and a legacy was established. There has not been a single day that a story was not published on ISS since July 2006.

Be a part of this thriving legacy and enjoy reading fresh stories daily. Enjoy our most popular category of Incest with Mom & Son stories. BDSM adventures enjoyed by Lesbian and Indian Gay. The secret affairs between colleagues in Office Sex tales.

An Indian site can’t be complete without the vernacular language. So, we have categories in Hindi, such as Desi, which includes many Hinglish stories. Apart from that, we have Rishton mein Chudai, Samuhik chudai, Teacher ke sath and Naukrani, which are all Hindi versions of our popular categories.

You will also find a few stories in different languages like Marathi, Malayalam, Tamil, Gujarati, etc. Like all diverse things in India, porn also reflects the diversity.

Archives FAQ Work with us! Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Report content About Us Tags Erotic Advertise
© 2002 - 2025 Indian Sex Stories.