Indicative | Product Analytics for Data-Driven Teams Skip to content Indicative is now mParticle Analytics. mparticle-analytics-color Product Product Features Multipath Funnel Uncover points of conversion Journeys See paths to and from every action Segmentation Personalize each user experience Cohort Analysis Uncover drivers of retention People Insights Explore every user’s full journey Dashboards and Reporting Create, track, and share metrics Data Sources Data Warehouse/Lake Directly connect with native integrations mParticle + Indicative The leading customer data platform Partner Integrations Connect data from popular tools Indicative SDKs and API Stream events in real-time from your apps Customers Customers By Role Product Managers Visualize the full customer journey Marketers Know all touchpoints to conversion Data Analysts Get insights in seconds, not days By Vertical Ecommerce Mobile Apps Media & Gaming SaaS Financial Services Pricing Resources Resources All Resources Product Analytics Modern Data Stack Data Defined Guides Events Support Case Studies Product Updates FAQ Help Center Tech Documentation Contact Us Log In Explore Demo Product Analytics for Data-Driven Teams The only product analytics platform that connects directly to your data warehouse to provide actionable insights across the entire customer journey — without SQL or writing a single line of code. Explore Demo Contact Sales Connect Your Data Integrate with any existing data source, including your data warehouse/lake, CDP, or directly from your website or mobile app Learn More Know Your Customer Optimize acquisition, visualize customer journeys, and maximize retention without knowing SQL Learn More Optimize User Experience Identify how users engage and where they drop off and make data-driven decisions to improve feature adoption and eliminate points of friction Learn More Multipath Funnel Visualize and optimize conversion and retention with Indicative’s unique multipath funnel. Learn More Customer Journeys Discover the most common paths customers take through your product and towards conversion. Learn More Segmentation Ask, answer, and act on the most important questions about your customers and their behaviors. Learn More Cohort Analysis Build behavioral cohorts that pinpoint the features and campaigns that most engage and retain customers. Learn More Testimonials “Indicative has helped us make much quicker business decisions so that we can optimize campaigns in real-time. We are able to go all-in on some tactics and shut off underperforming tactics with much more agility than we were capable of doing in the past.” Matt Myers Head of Customer Acquisition “Prioritization should be more of a science than an art, and we can use Indicative to not only recognize where the majority of our customers are, but to be forward looking in predicting how many will be impacted by changes we make across our products.” Thomas de Simon Vice President Product “Indicative has democratized our data and certainly made it a lot more accessible. Now, suddenly anyone on our marketing team, anyone on our ecomm team—no matter how technologically advanced they are—can easily grab the data. ” Alex Nazarevich VP of Growth Join these companies in becoming data-driven. Explore Demo mparticle-analytics-color Uncover new ways to leverage your customer data. Learn More Product Features Integrations Matrix Solutions For Product Managers For Marketers For Data Analysts Resources Pricing Blog Help Center Technical Documentation FAQ GDPR Request Company Privacy Terms of Service Careers Contact Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data Uncover new ways to leverage your customer data. Learn More © 2025 mParticle Inc. All Rights Reserved. Demo Request First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Work Email (Required) Company Name (Required) Company Size (Required) Company Size 1-24 Employees 25-49 Employees 50-99 Employees 100-499 Employees 500+ Employees