Latest News, Breaking News Today - Entertainment, Cricket, Business, Politics - India Today India Today Aaj Tak GNTTV Lallantop Business Today Bangla Malayalam Northeast BT Bazaar Harper's Bazaar Sports Tak Crime Tak Astro Tak Gaming Brides Today Cosmopolitan Kisan Tak Ishq FM India Today Hindi Reader’s Digest India Today Aaj Tak GNTTV Lallantop Business Today Bangla Malayalam Northeast BT Bazaar Harper's Bazaar Sports Tak Magazine Live TV Search SEARCH SIGN IN Edition IN IN US Home TV Live TV Primetime Magazine Latest Edition Insight Best Colleges Puzzles Life+Style India South Global All World News US News Canada News UK News China News Indians Abroad Business Sports WPL Schedule WPL Technology Showbuzz Entertainment Movies Bollywood Hollywood Television OTT Latest Reviews Newspresso Specials Podcasts Sunday Special History of It NewsMo DIU Opinion Videos Short Videos Fact Check Other News Education It's Viral Science Health Auto Law Today Environment Cities Weather Web Stories Horoscopes Election Hub Elections Kerala Election Tamil Nadu Election West Bengal Election Puducherry Election Assam Election Download App Follow Us On: Play Time! Khaleda Zia Bangladesh Dhurandhar Delhi Weather PM Modi New Year Tarique Rahman Donald Trump Delhi Pollution Vijay Hazare Trophy Rahul Gandhi Advertisement News Khaleda Zia laid to rest; Jaishankar meets Tarique Rahman, Pak Speaker in Dhaka Khaleda Zia, the 80-year-old Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) stalwart, was laid to rest next to her husband and former President Ziaur Rahman in Dhaka. External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar attended her funeral. Khaleda Zia, 3-time Bangladesh PM, buried with state honours in Dhaka S Jaishankar attended funeral, gave PM Modi's condolence letter to Tarique Rahman Khaleda Zia died after a prolonged illness at the age of 80 India News Pakistan will be busy in 2026 repairing airbases India struck. What's the status? Over seven months have passed since India struck 11 key Pakistani airbases during Operation Sindoor. After digging through satellite imagery and collating inputs from intelligence sources, we have found that Pakistan is still working to fix the damage. Here is a status check. advertisement Beyond News Packed with pig poop goodness: People mock Bangladesh on US corn imports Pig manure is commonly used as a fertiliser in corn cultivation in the United States. The issue has gained traction and generated buzz because Bangladesh is a Muslim-majority country, where the use and consumption of pork-related products are considered haram. India News India made big mistake: Pahalgam kingpin admits terror camps hit during Sindoor Saifullah Kasuri, a top LeT leader, has admitted that India's Operation Sindoor hit terror infrastructure in Pakistan, even as he threatened New Delhi. Calling India's strikes a "mistake," he reiterated Lashkar's Kashmir focus, saying the outfit would "never back down from the Kashmir mission." Your daily capsule for quick news Packed with pig poop goodness: People mock Bangladesh on US corn imports More >> Global It's 2026 already! New Zealand, Australia ring in New Year with spectacular fireworks Countries across the South Pacific were the first to welcome 2026 as New Zealand ushered in the new year with a fireworks display in Auckland, launched from the Sky Tower despite rainy weather. Bangladesh Live: Jaishankar meets Pak National Assembly Speaker during Khaleda Zia's funeral Khaleda Zia Last Rites Live Updates: The former Prime Minister of Bangladesh and the supremo of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, Khaleda Zia, was buried beside her husband's grave on Wednesday. Her funeral was attended by several foreign dignitaries, including India's Foreign Minister, S Jaishankar, who met Zia's son Tarique Rahman and handed him Prime Minister Narendra Modi's letter of condolences. Her death has triggered nationwide mourning and wide international reactions. As tributes pour in from political leaders in Bangladesh, India and beyond, her life story has also drawn attention to her roots in Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, and her family's migration to East Pakistan after Partition. Zia, a dominant figure in Bangladesh's politics and the country's first woman prime minister, is remembered as a resilient leader who shaped the nation's democratic journey amid prolonged political struggle. US News Setback for H-1B visa fee fight as Obama-appointed judge calls US govt move legal A US District Court has ruled that the high fee on new H-1B visas imposed by the Trump administration is legal. The petitioner, the US Chamber of Commerce, has now filed a plea with the US Appeals court. It was an Obama-appointed judge who ruled in favour of the high H-1B visa fee. advertisement Beyond News What's nati chicken, Karnataka's favourite on CM Siddaramaiah feast menu? On January 6, Bengaluru will witness a nati koli oota as CM Siddaramaiah is set to become Karnataka's longest-serving chief minister. Months back, Siddharamaiah shared a nati koli meal with his deputy DK Shivakumar, amid reports of a power tussle. So what is nati koli that the chief minister keeps returning to? How Viksit Bharat Shiksha Adhishthan Bill could reshape higher education The reformist bill seeks to end regulatory overlap, strengthen research and employability, and position India as a global education hub by 2047 Exclusive How Akshaye Khanna became Rahman Dakait: Mukesh Chhabra on Dhurandhar casting Akshaye Khanna's casting as Rahman Dakait in Dhurandhar wasn't planned, it was an instinct. Casting director Mukesh Chhabra breaks down the surprising call, the four-hour narration, and the creative leap that helped shape the biggest Indian film of the year. Global Paid Osman Hadi to lobby with Yunus govt: Suspected killer releases new video Faisal Karim Masud, who had been named as the prime suspect in the killing of anti-India radical leader Osman Hadi, released a second video within 24 hours. He said he was in Dubai and denied any link to Hadi's death. Faisal said he had given money to Hadi to lobby for his company with the Muhammad Yunus regime. Bengaluru News Biocon employee, 26, jumps to death from 5th floor of Bengaluru office building A 26-year-old employee of Biocon Biologics allegedly died by suicide after jumping from the fifth floor of his office building in Bengaluru on Tuesday, police said. Business News Investment guru Warren Buffett retires today. What's his retirement fund? As Warren Buffett, the Oracle of Omaha, steps aside after turning Berkshire Hathaway into a $1.1 trillion conglomerate, questions turn to how the world's most famous investor will fund life after hanging his boots. With nearly all his $149 billion fortune tied up in Berkshire stock, Buffett's retirement corpus is built on long-term bets, compounding, and an empire he still controls. advertisement TRENDING TOPICS New Year 2026 Stickers Hyundai Creta H-1B Visa January 2026 Calendar AP Dhillon Play Puzzle Games Sliding  Puzzle Move the tiles to complete the picture Spot the difference Can you tell where the two images differ? Word Search How many words can you find in the grid? The Daily Play the daily crossword Word! Guess the correct word in 6 tries Word on WORD Drop the letters strategically to form words Hollywood Kim Kardashian cries over failing bar exam, sister Khloe blames her TV show. Video American television personality, Kim Kardashian's video about failing in the California Bar Exams went viral. Her mother Kris Jenner, sister Khloe and son Saint can be seen consoling her in the viral clip. Impact Feature Find everything your baby needs this holiday season on Amazon's Everyday Essentials As part of the New Year selections, the specially curated New Year Store —available until 31 December 2025—brings up to 50% off across a wide selection of everyday essentials. Madhya Pradesh In 'love jihad' case, Muslim man poses as Hindu, gets woman to divorce husband While living together, the woman overheard the accused talking to others on the phone and realised that Sonu was not Hindu but Muslim, and that his real name was Imran. A heated argument broke out on December 26, after which he allegedly began threatening her, saying he would kill her if she went to the police. Global Russia releases chilling video of Ukrainian 'drone strikes' on Putin's home The attack on Putin's residence ahead of New Year's Eve drew concern from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who urged all parties to focus on ongoing efforts to secure peace in the region. In response, Ukraine downplayed the concerns raised by Modi and other countries, calling Russia's claims unsubstantiated. Travel Why having no New Year's travel plans is the best plan Whether you head to Goa for its pristine beaches, Munnar for its lush greenery, Manali for its snow-capped hills, or Udaipur for its rustic charm, the story is pretty much the same at every popular destination. Maddening crowds are everywhere, ready to turn a dreamy holiday into a nightmare. At times, fatal too. India News Natti chicken feast planned as Siddaramaiah closes in on record Karnataka CM tenure With a week to go, Siddaramaiah is poised to break Devaraj Urs's record and cement his legacy as Karnataka's longest-serving chief minister. Business News Did New Year's Eve strike by Swiggy, Zomato riders hit customers across India? With platforms heavily dependent on delivery partners during year-end celebrations, there was uncertainty over how widely the strike would be observed. Featurephilia Peanuts, Doordarshan and gajar ka halwa: A 90s New Year we didn't know was special Handcrafted By Our Editors New Year's Eve in 90s India was a quiet celebration centred around Doordarshan and homemade snacks. This nostalgic tradition highlights simpler times before digital distractions and lavish parties. OTT What if Stranger Things season 5 revealed its biggest twist, and we missed it? Was Stranger Things Season 5 Episode 7 badly written, or deliberately unsettling? A deep dive into the twist about what is really happening in the episode. Global You will be punished if...: US embassy in India's latest amid H-1B visa delays The timing of the US embassy advisory, coming at a time when thousands of Indian professionals are stuck due to H-1B visa appointment delays, has faced backlash on social media. Global Do I shoot you? Bangladesh Hindu man's colleague asked before killing him The colleague who killed a Bangladeshi Hindu man asked him, "Do I shoot you," before ending up killing him. Bajendra Biswas, who was shot dead in a Bangladesh garment factory, might have died due to a prank by his Ansar Bahini colleague Noman Mia. Witnesses allege there was little ill will between the two, and the police are trying to determine the root cause of the death. India News 150 kg ammonium nitrate, explosive cartridges seized from car in Rajasthan Police said 150 Kg of Ammonium Nitrate was found hidden in the sacks of urea fertilizer. Around 200 dangerous explosive cartridges and 6 bundles of safety fuse wire totaling approximately 1100 meters were also recovered during the police operation. LATEST STORIES Investment guru Warren Buffett retires today. What's his retirement fund? Thiruvananthapuram mayor VV Rajesh promises city a 'clean' break: What he said How Jaipur's ancient 'Kush Dhwaj' fluttered to life with Modi's Ram Temple flag show Russia releases chilling video of Ukrainian 'drone strikes' on Putin's home IndiGo air hostess lightens mood with Punjabi banter during fog delay India test-launches two indigenous Pralay missiles off Odisha coast Ikkis gets U/A after CBFC trims India-Pakistan dialogue 9 science breakthroughs of 2025 that sound like sci-fi but really happened Babar vs Rizwan: When and where to watch Pakistan stars in BBL on New Year's Day Paid Osman Hadi to lobby with Yunus govt: Suspected killer releases new video India Today Podcasts News at 7 December 31: DRDO test-fires two Pralay missiles; Health Ministry bans nimesulide above 100 mg; Cabinet clears Nashik–Solapur highway 5:41 News at 2 December 31: India Rejects China’s Mediation Claim; TMC Delegation Meets CEC in Kolkata; Delivery Workers Hold Nationwide Strike 6:02 News at 7 December 30: EAM Jaishankar to Attend Khaleda Zia's Funeral; Hindu Guard Killed in Bangladesh Factory & Ahmedabad Stone Pelting Sees 42 held 6:01 Chakravyuh Dharma Yuddha vs Jihad: Indian Army on War, Peace & Pakistan | Chakravyuh | EP 25 36:50 News at 2 December 30: Former Bangladesh PM Khaleda Zia Dies At 80; Mumbai BEST Bus Accident Kills 4 & Mahayuti Finalises BMC Poll Seat Sharing 6:02 News at 7 December 29: India Clears Chenab Hydropower Project; Centre Approves ₹790,000 million Defence Buys & Pune Civic Poll Alliances Take Shape 6:14 News at 2 December 29- Supreme Court Stays Kuldeep Sengar’s Bail; Sharad-Ajit Pawar NCP Factions Unite & Aravalli Hills Ruling Put On Hold 6:10 UnPolitics with Preeti Malaika Arora Exclusive Podcast with Preeti Choudhry | UnPolitics | EP 24 40:14 ANCHORS SHOWS Rajdeep Sardesai Gaurav C Sawant Preeti Choudhry Akshita Nandagopal Suyesha Savant Monday to Friday at 09:00 pm Monday to Friday at 08:00 pm Monday to Friday at 10:00 pm Monday to Friday at 07:00 pm Monday to Friday at 05:00 pm Monday to Friday at 06:00 pm advertisement WHAT’S HAPPENING IN TV Magazine Puzzles Life+Style India South Global Business More Videos Trending News Today To The Point 5ive Live India First 00:00:52 Global New Zealand rings in 2026 with spectacular fireworks display in Auckland 00:05:50 India News Ayodhya Ram Mandir Witnesses Massive Devotee Rush Ahead of New Year Celebrations 00:02:31 Mo.Of.Everything No Engine, No Nails: Inside the Indian Navy's Most Unique Ship 00:04:59 India News India Rejects China's Claim of Mediating 'Operation Sindoor' Conflict with Pakistan View All advertisement Advertisement Trending Videos 00:00:52 Global New Zealand rings in 2026 with spectacular fireworks display in Auckland 00:05:50 India News Ayodhya Ram Mandir Witnesses Massive Devotee Rush Ahead of New Year Celebrations 00:02:31 Mo.Of.Everything No Engine, No Nails: Inside the Indian Navy's Most Unique Ship 00:04:59 India News India Rejects China's Claim of Mediating 'Operation Sindoor' Conflict with Pakistan 00:03:29 India News Indore Water Horror: 7 Dead, 100+ Ill; 2 Officials Suspended After CM's Order Advertisement Follow Us On: Advertisement PUBLICATIONS India Today Business Today India Today-Hindi TIME TELEVISION India Today TV Aaj Tak Good News Today EVENTS Agenda AajTak India Today Conclave Sahitya AajTak RADIO Ishq FM AajTak Radio GAMING India Today Gaming World Esports Cup USEFUL LINKS Press Release Sitemap News Newsletter Privacy Policy Correction Policy LMIL Documents PRINTING Thomson Press WELFARE Care Today DISTRIBUTION Rate Card SYNDICATIONS Headlines Today WEBSITES India Today India Today Malayalam India Today NE Business Today DailyO AajTak Lallantop Bangla GNTTV iChowk Reader’s Digest Cosmopolitan EDUCATION Vasant Valley Best Colleges Best Universities TRENDING TOPICS WPL 2026 Delhi Pollution 8th Pay Commission Tarot Card Reading Horoscope Air Quality Index Weather Noida AQI Gurugram AQI Mumbai AQI Delhi AQI LATEST Puducherry Election Schedule Assam Election Schedule Kerala Election Schedule Tamil Nadu Election Schedule West Bengal Election Schedule ITR Silver Price Gold Price PAN Aadhaar Assam Election Constituencies Puducherry Election Constituencies Kerala Election Constituencies Tamil Nadu Election Constituencies West Bengal Election Constituencies T20 World Cup 2026 Budget 2026 Kerala Election 2026 Tamil Nadu Election 2026 Puducherry Election 2026 West Bengal Election 2026 Assam Election 2026 Download App ABOUT US CONTACT US TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARCHIVES Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today