Infinity Call Analytics Software | Helping you make more good calls +44 33 3060 0118 443-892-2600 0333 0600 118 +55 1143 807465 02 8317 5927 0805 084 161 91 198 27 64 +44 20 8003 8600 Contact Sales Go to my account Customer Support About The company Careers Safety and security Solutions Back to main menu Our solutions Before the call Call tracking During the call Conversation Analytics New release Smart Outcomes After the call Smart Match For teams Marketers Sales Contact centres Customer service Compliance For sectors Automotive Banks and financial services Healthcare Insurance Property Retail Travel Utilities Featured content Smart Outcomes: Boost PPC performance with AI Smart Outcomes: the new AI-powered campaign optimisation tool See which tech partners we integrate with Partnerships & Success Back to main menu Who we partner with Tech integrations Google integrations Meta integrations Partner programme Digital Agency Marketing technologies Contact centre technologies Become a certified partner Customer success Customer success programme Consultancy services Onboarding & training Customer support methodology Featured content Our success stories Become a certified partner Read some of our success stories Pricing Resources Back to main menu News & views Get the latest on all things call intelligence and call data best practice with the Infinity blog. Latest posts: 12 days of infinite marketing wisdom Proving ROI under budget cuts – why first-party call... The PPC blind spot: Why conversions aren’t what they... eBooks Get insights and top tips from a suite of resources designed to help you smash your objectives. Latest eBooks: Infinity integrations: The guide for marketers The smart marketer's guide to evaluating call... 5 ways call data helps marketers do more with less Case studies Hear our customer success stories and understand how Infinity will help you unlock key insights. Latest case studies: Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines Motorpoint - Agent Scorecards Motorpoint - Call Tracking Webinar hub Become a call intelligence expert with our webinars for marketers and education series Featured content ROI calculator Try our free ROI calculator. Identify your call revenue potential by unlocking insights to improve your bottom line and drive real value. Sign up for our newsletter Campus Sign in to the Infinity Hub Sign in to the Infinity Portal Book a demo 4 quick clicks Instantly benchmark your call data performance and uncover new growth opportunities See how we work Make more good calls Unearth the hidden insights from conversations to make smarter business decisions and improve experiences with call analytics. Book a demo Before the call The Infinity call tracking platform connects the customer journey to the phone call , giving you the insights you need to make sure you’re investing your marketing budget in the things that work. With call tracking, you can see the true impact of your work and optimise campaigns to send performance soaring. Learn more about call tracking During the call Conversations with customers are a goldmine of untapped intel. Infinity’s Conversation Analytics suite automatically unlocks it from every phone call you make or take. Conversation Analytics makes call monitoring a piece of cake. It will help you market more efficiently , sell smarter , and delight customers every time they get in touch . Discover Conversation Analytics After the call Smart Match is the fastest and easiest way to link call revenue to marketing activity. With it, you can pinpoint where your most valuable calls are coming from , and make ‘Smarter’ sales and marketing decisions. In just a few clicks, it’ll help you cut budget waste, boost campaign performance, and lift AOVs. Explore Smart Match 174 % YoY uplift in sales from PPC 63.8 % Reduction in cost-per-⁠acquisition 125 % Increase in budget for ad spend With call analytics in your corner, you’ll always make the right call Make smarter marketing decisions Call tracking and Smart Match will help you make sure you never waste a penny of your budget again. Putting them to use will help you see which activities you should double down on, and claim all the ROI credit you deserve. Throw Conversation Analytics into the mix and your campaigns will reach a whole other level. Infinity for marketers Accelerate your sales Make sure you never miss an opportunity to close with Infinity. You’ll be able to tailor conversations with buyers based on their journeys. And, you’ll be able to build a team of lean, mean, closing superstars in no time thanks to custom scorecards . Hitting your targets will become a piece of cake. Infinity for sales Run your contact centre like a well-oiled machine Infinity will take your understanding of contact centre operations to the next level. As well as seeing what’s driving call volume, Conversation Analytics automatically feeds you the intel you need to improve FCR, slash AHT, and deliver Grade A customer experiences. Infinity for contact centres Create better service experiences Infinity’s advanced call analytics tools will help you create the frictionless experiences customers crave. Get the insights you need to identify negative experiences and turn them into positive ones. Delight your customers and produce successful outcomes time and time again. Infinity for customer service Stop compliance issues derailing your growth Automatically flag the risks in conversations without having to listen in. Conversation Analytics will help you avoid compliance catastrophes , and make QA a quick and pain-free experience. Infinity for compliance It’s been incredible to see the amount of data and insight we’ve been missing. We’ve been able to adapt our paid media strategy to save money and drive up conversions. Rachael Harker , Digital Performance Manager Infinity is very flexible and results are immediate Mark Woodcock , Commercial Director Ready to make more good calls? Call us today on +44 3892 2600 or fill in the form to book a demo Call analytics software FAQs What is a call analytics software? Call analytics solutions like Infinity exist to help you measure, analyse, and report on what happens before, during, and after phone calls. The fact they’re AI-powered and work around the clock means they’re capable of gathering data and performance insight from every single call you make and receive. In short, a good call analytics platform will help you make much smarter and more informed business decisions. With it, you’ll understand the strengths and weaknesses in your marketing campaigns, sales tactics, call handling processes, and contact centre operations. Why are call analytics important? Call analytics are often the unsung hero in the business analytics toolkit. By analysing conversations in real-time, they enable you to hear the unfiltered truth from your customers and lift the lid on performance and process. Connecting clicks to calls and revenue: Understanding where your best leads are coming from is the key to optimising your marketing processes and budget. If your customer can buy or book a meeting over the phone and you’re not measuring these conversions, you’re only seeing a slice of the truth. Call analytics tools like call tracking will help you see the whole picture by plugging this gap in your attribution. With this clarity, you can eliminate waste and focus resource on what really works. Levelling up sales and service performance: Call analytics software will help you level up your call monitoring capabilities. By removing the need for manual listening and dip testing, they’ll help you get a granular and detailed picture of each agent's performance. Furthermore, you’ll be able to identify strengths and weaknesses and provide the specific support each member of your team needs to help them perform at their best. Call analytics software won’t just help you understand your calls; it’ll help you understand the pulse of your business. Why do Marketers need to pay attention to call analytics? Call analytics software will help marketers build a much more accurate picture of performance, and make smarter business decisions about where to invest and how to engage your customers. The insights they provide will help you: Eliminate budget waste and maximise ROAS Improve messaging and boost conversion rates Keep your pipeline full and stretch margins Report your true ROI, claim the credit you deserve, and ringfence your budget Learn more about Infinity for Marketers How do call analytics help sales teams improve performance? By actively using call analytics software, sales leaders can unlock the intel they need to improve call handling and close more deals. Call analytics tools will help you: Fill your queues with quality leads Arm your team with deal-swinging insights in real-time Upskill the smart way and build a team of superstars Lift your AOVs, grow your bottom line, deliver record-breaking quarters, and smash your targets Discover Infinity for Sales How do call analytics improve customer service? With call analytics software, customer service teams will be able to stop bad experiences from ruining relationships and your reputation. The insights they uncover will help you: Delight customers every time they get in touch Send net-retention and NPS soaring Process queries like a pro and get AHT tumbling Give your team the support they need to nail FCR Experience Infinity for Service How do call analytics help contact centre leaders? Call analytics software like Infinity will help contact centre leaders uncover hidden insights from conversations without having to spend hours listening in. So, improving call handling and keeping your team and customers happy becomes much easier. In short, this software will make sure you: Save hundreds of hours and hear the full story Delight customers every time they get in touch Keep your team engaged and stop churn impacting performance Get your contact centre running like a slick, well-oiled machine Discover Infinity for Contact Centres Why are call analytics essential for compliance teams? Lifting the lid on what happens during calls and gives all the intel you could possibly need to avoid compliance catastrophes. Automatic call analytics software will monitor calls for you at scale, so you can: Streamline your QA process and save hundreds of hours Stop breaches from slipping through the cracks Provide the guidance needed to make compliance issues a thing of the past Rest easy knowing that you won’t get caught out by unexpected fines and legal fees Learn more about Infinity for Compliance Call analytics news and views 8 Dec 2025 12 days of infinite marketing wisdom Get the full story 3 Dec 2025 Proving ROI under budget cuts – why first-party call data is the missing link Get the full story 26 Nov 2025 The PPC blind spot: Why conversions aren’t what they seem Get the full story Our solutions Call tracking Conversation Analytics Smart Outcomes Smart Match Automotive Banks and financial services Healthcare Insurance Property Retail Travel Utilities Marketers Sales Contact centres Customer service Compliance Customer success Customer success Consultancy services Onboarding and training Customer support methodology Partnerships Digital agency Marketing technologies Contact centre technologies Become a certified partner Tech integrations Google integrations Meta integrations About Offices Pricing Security and stability Resources News & Views eBooks Call data maturity model ROI Calculator Campus (Infinity Hub) Contact Book a demo Sales Support Social UK Site US Site Infinity Tracking Limited. Registered in England and Wales with Number 07192131. Registered address: 1 Seebeck House, 1 Seebeck Place, Knowlhill, Milton Keynes, MK5 8FR, UK. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the website Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Legal | Call Tariffs | Site Map Certificate Number: 22/0493 0333 0600 118