Products
Applications
Design Resources
Support & Training
About
Log in to myInfineon

NOW AVAILABLE

Sustainability Report 2025

All information on our sustainability activities in the past fiscal year 2025

Find out more

NOW LIVE

OktoberTech™ Tokyo

Watch keynote recordings and demo presentations on demand - your OktoberTech™ journey starts here - dive in and explore

Online Platform

NOW AVAILABLE

Infineon Annual Report 2025

All information on our strategy and the past fiscal year 2025

Read here
THE LATEST NEWS & EVENTS
Discover technology changing the world

Wherever the world is changing – technology plays a crucial role. Learn how the technological key trends energy, mobility & IoT are changing our lives.

All
Events
Press releases
Market news
See all events
Press overview
Jan 15th, 2026
TechFor™ Munich at DLD26
Munich, Germany
Face-to-F...
Tradeshows & Conferences

Mark your calendars for 15 January 2026

March 17th, 2026
Wide-Bandgap Developer Forum 2026
Online
Tradeshows & Conferences
March 22nd, 2026
Applied Power Electronics Conference (APEC)
San Antonio, TX, Texas
Face-to-F...
Tradeshows & Conferences
June 8th, 2026
PCIM Europe
Nuremberg, Germany
Hybrid
Tradeshows & Conferences
Nov 10th, 2026
electronica
Munich, Germany
Hybrid
Tradeshows & Conferences
Infineon and Lenovo accelerate next level of autonomous driving with high-performance computing platforms for software-defined vehicles

Business ...
Dec 16th, 2025
Infineon runs on 100 percent green electricity, achieving major milestone on the way to 2030 CO₂-neutral goal

Business ...
Dec 11th, 2025
Infineon recognized as “Outstanding EMEA Semiconductor Company” with prestigious GSA Award

Business ...
Dec 8th, 2025
Infineon enhances Electreon's electric road charging with high-power silicon carbide technology

Business ...
Dec 4th, 2025
U.S. International Trade Commission rules in favor of Infineon in one patent infringement case against Innoscience

Business ...
Dec 3rd, 2025
Infineon extends Management Board contract of Elke Reichart ahead of schedule to 31 October 2030

Business ...
Dec 2nd, 2025
Infineon to complete limited Share Buyback Program serving fulfillment of obligations under existing employee participation programs

Business ...
Nov 17th, 2025
Infineon extends the CoolSiC™ MOSFET 750 V G2 family featuring ultra-low RDS(on) and new packages

Market News
Dec 10th, 2025
Infineon's EZ-USB™ FX10 controller unlocks performance acceleration of 5-meter passive metal cable by 3M for USB3 vision cameras

Market News
Dec 5th, 2025
Infineon’s SECORA™ Pay M – new platform for fast and efficient payment and secured FIDO authentication

Market News
Dec 1st, 2025
SECORA™ ID V2 platform enables industry’s first FIDO Level 3+ certified secured authentication solutions

Market News
Dec 1st, 2025
Infineon XDP™ hybrid-flyback controller and CoolGaN™ technology empower Anker’s industry-leading 160 W prime charger

Market News
Nov 28th, 2025
Infineon at TRUSTECH 2025: Future-proof payment and ID solutions for a digital, connected world

Market News
Nov 26th, 2025
AMD successfully tests Infineon’s HYPERRAM™ memory and IP on the AMD Spartan UltraScale+ FPGA SCU35 Evaluation Kit

Market News
Nov 25th, 2025
Products and Applications

Infineon designs, develops, manufactures, and markets a broad range of solutions.

Developer Support

Best-in-class online support offered by Infineon engineers & expert community

World leading solution

A world leader in semiconductor solutions.

Products and applications

Best in class products, and endless ways to use them. Learn more about the applications.

AUTOMOTIVE
INDUSTRIAL
AI & COMMUNICATION
SECURITY
CONSUMER
SOLUTIONS
Launch Solution Designer
OUR STORIES
Immerse yourself in our world of energy, mobility and IoT
You will learn how our semiconductor solutions make mobility clean, safe and smart, the Internet of Things intelligent and secure, and energy efficient.

Storing the sun for cloudy days

Infineon’s high-efficiency semiconductor solutions make green energy more stable and reliable in any weather

25 years Infineon
Article
Nov 15th, 2025

Power infrastructure and renewables – managing the unpredictable forces of nature

Our power infrastructure is increasingly characterized by renewable energies like wind power and photovoltaics. How do semiconductors help the power grid adapt to ensure reliability and resilience?

Energy
Renewab...
Article
Oct 28th, 2025

The transformative power of software-defined vehicles

Mobility is undergoing a significant shift. Software-defined vehicles promise a new era of flexibility, efficiency, and adaptability. But how can we navigate this change to ensure that new SDVs are not only innovative, but also safe and reliable? How can we integrate these vehicles into our digital lives in a way that meets our needs and expectations?

Mobility
Vehicle...
Article
Aug 15th, 2025
Discover more
Ready to get started?
KNOW WHAT YOU'RE MAKING?
Launch Solution Designer
WANT TO JOIN OUR TEAM?
Explore Careers

ABOUT US

Company
Contact us
Events
Press
Investor

QUICKLINKS

Community
Support
Where to buy
Quality

MYINFINEON

Benefits
Profile center
Register

CAREERS

Overview
Job Search
Teams
How to apply
Terms of use
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Cookies
© 1999-2025   Infineon Technologies AG

Use of cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies (also from third parties) to collect your device and browser information for a better understanding on how you use our online offerings.

This enables us to optimize and personalize your experience with Infineon and to provide you with additional services and information based on your individual profile.

Details are available in our privacy policy where you can also change your preferences on cookies at any time.



Privacy policy and Imprint
Cookie settings
Reject Accept
 Feedback

Log in to try out AI-powered Infineon Digital Assistant