INFLIBNET Centre Gandhinagar University Directory Tenders Jobs Apprentice Guest House ICT Skill Development Home About About Us Objectives Mission and Vision Governance Physical Infrastructure ICT Infrastructure Awards MoUs Functional Groups Access Management Database Management E-Resource Management HRD Network & QC Open Source Software Open Access R & D Software R & D Web Services R & D Our Team Director Scientific & Technical Administration & Support Major Activities e-Consortium ONOS e-ShodhSindhu Shodh Shuddhi N-LIST Infistats INFED Open Access Initiatives Shodhganga Shodhgangotri Shodh-Chakra IR@INFLIBNET INFOPORT More Projects & Services e-PG Pathshala Vidwan Database Vidya-Mitra IRINS SheRNI More Library Automation IndCat: Union Catalogue SOUL Online Copy-Catalogue Conventions CALIBER CALIBER 2025 PLANNER PLANNER 2024 Training ICT Skill Development Prog. Training Calendar 2025 Register Online Library Publications Annual Reports Newsletters University Directory RTI Contact Us Home About About Us Functional Groups Our Team Major Activities Conventions Training Library Publications RTI Contact Us INFLIBNET CENTRE Information and Library Network Centre Where Knowledge Abounds Advanced Training programme on Bibliometrics and Research Output Analysis December 01-05, 2025 https://caliber.inflibnet.ac.in/ https://caliber.inflibnet.ac.in/ https://www.onos.gov.in/ Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for INFLIBNET Services with 38 State Public Universities and Higher Education Institutions of Uttar Pradesh July 22, 2025 माननीय केंद्रीय गृह मंत्री एवं सहकारिता मंत्री श्री अमित शाह जी की सूचना एवं पुस्तकालय नेटवर्क केंद्र, गांधीनगर में गरिमामयी उपस्थिति June 27, 2025 माननीय केंद्रीय गृह मंत्री एवं सहकारिता मंत्री श्री अमित शाह जी की सूचना एवं पुस्तकालय नेटवर्क केंद्र, गांधीनगर में गरिमामयी उपस्थिति June 27, 2025 × INFLIBNET Centre, Gandhinagar, Gujarat Close Shri Dharmendra Pradhan Hon'ble Minister of Education More Dr. Vineet Joshi President, The Council More Prof. Bharat Bhasker Chairman, Governing Board More Prof Devika P Madalli Director, INFLIBNET Centre More About INFLIBNET Centre Information and Library Network (INFLIBNET) Centre, Gandhinagar is an Autonomous Inter-University Centre (IUC) of University Grants Commission, New Delhi (Ministry of Education, Govt. of India) . It is a major National Programme initiated by the UGC on 27 th February 1991 as a project under the IUCAA, it became an independent Inter-University Centre on 16 th May 1996. INFLIBNET is involved in modernizing university libraries in India using the state-of-art technologies for the optimum utilisation of information. Read more Latest@ INFLIBNET Participation in survey "Women in Science and Education: Survey under the Her Research, Our Future" Submit your Response 180 th Five Days Training Programme on "SOUL 3.0: Installation and Operations" (in offline mode) is being organized by INFLIBNET Centre during 02 nd February - 06 th February, 2025. more details.. || Register Online INFLIBNET Centre is providing Drillbit Extreme Plagiarism Detection Software (PDS) to Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) under the ShodhShuddhi Programme from 01.10.2023 Onwards. more details.. Advt No. Apprentice/01/2025: Online applications are invited from Indian Nationals for apprenticeship at INFLIBNET Centre. more details.. || (Uploaded on 27.05.2025) Attachment Training Programme for Practicing Library Professionals more details.. View All Job Updates@ INFLIBNET Inviting applications for the post of Consultant(Accounts) through Manpower agency on contractual appointment basis. more details.. || Apply Online || (Uploaded on 24.12.2025) Advt. No. 02/2025: List of candidates qualified for the Skill Test for the post of Assistant. more details.. || (Uploaded on 23.12.2025) Advt. No. 02/2025: List of candidates qualified for the Skill Test for the post of Sr. Assistant/OA-II. more details.. || (Uploaded on 23.12.2025) Advt. No. 02/2025: Download Admit Card for the post of Senior Assistant/ Office Assistant-II. || (Uploaded on 16.12.2025) || Download Admit Card Advt. No. 02/2025: Download Admit Card for the post of Assistant. || (Uploaded on 16.12.2025) || Download Admit Card Advt. No.02/2025: Schedule and Syllabus for the post of Assistant. more details.. || (Uploaded on 12.12.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: Schedule and Syllabus for the post of Sr. Assistant. more details.. || (Uploaded on 12.12.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: Final List of shortlisted candidates for the post of Assistant. more details.. || (Uploaded on 25.11.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: Final List of shortlisted candidates for the post of Sr. Assistant. more details.. || (Uploaded on 25.11.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: List of eligible, provisionally eligible and ineligible candidates for the post of Scientist-D (CS). more details.. || (Uploaded on 21.11.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: Final List of Eligible and Not Eligible candidates for the post of Scientist-E (LS) (on deputation). more details.. || (Updated on 31.10.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: List of eligible, provisionally eligible and ineligible candidates for the post of Scientist-B (LS). more details.. || (Uploaded on 16.10.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: List of eligible, provisionally eligible and ineligible candidates for the post of Office Assistant-II (Lien). more details.. || (Uploaded on 16.10.2025) Advt. No.02/2025: List of Eligible, Provisionally Eligible and Not Eligible candidates for the post of Assistant (Lien). more details.. || (Uploaded on 03.10.2025) Advt. No.01/2025: Result for the post of MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer) more details.. || (Uploaded on 10.09.2025) Sample Question Papers (Uploaded on 02.09.2025) Sample Paper of OA-II || Sample Paper of Assistant || Sample Paper of CCT Advt. No.01/2025: Download Admit Card for the post of MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer)|| (Uploaded on 28.08.2025) || Download Admit Card Advt. No. 01/2025: Schedule of the selection process for the post of MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer). more details.. || (Uploaded on 16.08.2025) Advt. No. 01/2025: Final List of Eligible and Not Eligible Candidates for the post of  MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer). more details.. || (Uploaded on 16.08.2025) Advt. No. 01/2025: Syllabus for the post of MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer). more details.. || (Uploaded on 29.07.2025) Advt. No. 01/2025: List of Eligible, Provisionally Eligible and Not Eligible candidates for the post of MTS (Lab Attendant-Computer). more details.. || (Uploaded on 21.07.2025) Advt. No. 02/2025: Online applications are invited from Indian Nationals on a direct recruitment basis at INFLIBNET Centre. more details.. || (Uploaded on 18.07.2025) || Submission Closed Advt No.01/2025: Final List of Eligible and Not Eligible candidates for the post of Clerk-cum-Typist. more details.. || (Uploaded on 23.06.2025) Advt. No. 01/2025: Schedule and Syllabus of the selection process for the post of Clerk-cum-Typist. more details.. || (Uploaded on 06.06.2025) Advt. No.01/2025: List of Eligible, Provisionally Eligible and Not Eligible candidates for the post of Clerk cum Typist. more details.. || (Uploaded on 30.05.2025) Final Result of various posts advertised vide Advt No 02/2023. more details.. || Advt No 02/2023 Final Result of various posts advertised vide Advt No 01/2022. more details.. || Advt No 01/2022 Final Result of various posts advertised vide Advt No 01/2021. more details.. || Advt No 01/2021 Final Result of various posts advertised vide Advt No 01/2020. more details.. || Advt No 01/2020 Final Result of various posts advertised vide Advt No 01/2019. more details.. || Advt No 01/2019 View All Major Programmes INDCAT Online Union Catalogue of Indian Universities More SOUL State-of-art Integrated Library Management System More e-ShodhSindhu Consortium for Higher Education e-Resources More Shodhganga A Reservoir of Indian Theses More Major Projects ShodhShuddhi Provides Plagiarism Detection Software to Institutions More IRINS Research Information Management System for Institutions More Vidya-Mitra Integrated e-Content Portal More Vidwan Expert Database & National Researcher Network More Activities@ INFLIBNET LIB-VAHINI More LIB-VAHINI serves as a dedicated digital space for professionals to showcase their profiles, achievements, and contributions. By offering visibility, career development opportunities, and networking avenues, the portal aims to elevate the professional identity of LIS practitioners and promote their pivotal role in knowledge management. The platform also acts as a national-level repository of LIS talent-facilitating collaborations, mentorship, and institutional partnerships. SheRNI More She Research Network in India (SheRNI) is the expert profile network system that connects and leverages the knowledge, skills, and expertise of women across various fields in India. This system aims to empower women by providing opportunities for collaboration, mentorship, and knowledge-sharing. The objectives of this project are to create a national-level expert profile system for women faculty members and facilitate the exchange of expertise, insights, and experiences among women experts in diverse fields. Shodh-Chakra More Shodh-Chakra provides a unique space to the researcher, guide/supervisor and university to manage the research lifecycle of a research scholar. The portal is integrated with millions of resources (including lakhs of full-text theses) along with the helping tools for the researcher which are required during the research work. Regulatory bodies can easily identify the concern experts on the basis of research area. The system will generate login credentials to researchers, supervisors after due verification from university. . INDCAT More Union Catalogue of Indian Universities (IndCat) is a by-product of the library automation of the INFLIBNET Centre wherein universities that are signatory to the MoU on library automation contribute the bibliographic records of documents that are available in their libraries. The scope of the IndCat has now been extended to invite contributions from universities and other institutions that have not signed MoU with INFLIBNET Centre on library automation. SOUL 3.0 More The SOUL 3.0 (Software for University Libraries) is state-of-the-art integrated library management software designed and developed by the INFLIBNET Centre based on requirements of colleges, universities and other academic libraries. The software is compliant to international standards for bibliographic formats and circulation protocols. It is compliant to international standards such as MARC 21 for the bibliographic format, Unicode based Universal Character Sets for multilingual bibliographic records and NCIP 2.0 and SIP 2 based protocols for RFID, electronic surveillance and control. OCS More The Online Copy-Catalogue System (OCS) is mainly used to promote cooperative cataloguing and avoid duplication of efforts. It is one of the initiatives which helps Institutions to build-up their own catalogue using INFLIBNET's Union Catalogue (IndCat). It is fully supported with SOUL and other Library Management Softwares. It provides "IndCat Book Data" with simple and advanced search options. It gives 'copy', 'copy as new' and 'create new' options for creating online bibliographic records of book data and then share with INFLIBNET's IndCat, which benefits academic communities around the world. e-ShodhSindhu More e-ShodhSindhu is an initiative of Consortium for Higher Education Electronics Resources by Ministry of Education. It provides access to e-resources (10000+ full-text journals, 164300+ e-Books and 4 databases through e-ShodhSindhu and 600000 e-Books through NDL) to Universities, Colleges and Centrally Funded Technical Institutions in India. N-LIST More The Project entitled "National Library and Information Services Infrastructure for Scholarly Content(N-LIST)", graduated as a regular scheme of UGC under UGC-INFONET Digital Library Consortium as college component, is merged into e -ShodhSindhu: Consortia for Higher Education E-Resources. The N-LIST provides access to 6,000+ journals, 1,64,300+ ebooks under N-LIST and 6,00,000 ebooks through NDL to all Govt., Govt.-aided as well as non-aided colleges through a proxy server / shibboleth. InfiStats More The Centre has developed a software called InfiStats, for monitoring the usage statistics of various e-resources made accessible to the member institutions.  The InfiStats portal imports the usage data from the publisher’s website automatically and store it is a database on InfiStats platform. The InfiStats interface provides title-level COUNTER-compliant reports to member institutions. The member institutions can also log-on to this portal for monitoring the usage of their respective e-resources. INFED More INDIAN Access Management Federation(INFED) was setup which uses Shibboleth, a standard-based open source software, for authenticating authorized users from colleges and universities and provide them seamless access to e-resources from anywhere, anytime. Shibboleth offers a mechanism for users to access multiple resources within a federated single sign-on framework. ShodhShuddhi More The Govt. of India was to provide Plagiarism Detection Software to all Indian Universities/Institutions including Central Universities, State Universities, Deemed to be Universities, Private Universities, Centrally Funded Technical Institutions (CFTIs), Institute of National importance (INIs), Inter University Centres of UGC (IUCs). The INFLIBNET Centre is a nodal agency to execute the project/initiative under the aegis of Ministry of Education. Shodhganga More Shodhganga is a digital repository set-up for submission of electronic versions of theses and dissertations by students / research scholars in universities in India and make them available in open access to the world-wide academic community in response to the UGC Notification (Minimum Standards & Procedure for Award of M.Phil. / Ph.D Degree, Regulation, 2009 and amendment made in 2016) where-in the responsibility of maintaining the digital repository of Electronic Theses and Dissertations (ETDs) is assigned to the INFLIBNET Centre. Shodhganga is set-up using DSpace, an open-source software, that uses internationally recognized protocols and interoperability standards. The repository provides a platform to research scholars in universities to deposit, re-use and share their theses and dissertations. ShodhGangotri More Under this initiative, research scholars/research supervisors in universities are requested to deposit an electronic version of the approved synopsis submitted by research scholars to the universities for registering themselves for the Ph.D. programme now it is expanded to MRPs/PDFs/Emeritus Fellowship and PG Dissertations. The repository on one hand would reveal the trends and directions of research being conducted in Indian universities, on the other hand, it would avoid duplication of research. Synopsis in “ShodhGangotri” would later be mapped to full-text theses in "ShodhGanga". Institutional Repository More The Centre has established an institutional repository called IR@INFLBNET using DSpace, opensource software. The papers published in the proceedings of the CALIBER and PLANNER are uploaded into the repository. The Repository also includes course materials, newspaper clippings, etc. INFOPORT More INFOPORT: INFLIBNET Subject Gateway for Indian Electronic Resources is designed to facilitate registering of an Internet resource into the portal and extending its access to users. INFOPORT supports browsing of Internet resources by Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC) Scheme. Vidwan: Expert Database More Expert Database and National Researcher's Network is the premier database of profiles of scientists and faculty members working in leading academic institutions and other R & D organizations in India. A persistent URL, username and password are issued to each expert facilitating them to edit and update their profile information. Data ingest dashboard was developed to import the profile information as the administrator. IRINS More IRINS is web-based Research Information Management (RIM) service provided by the Centre to organize the research related information at the institute level. The portal facilitates the academic, R & D organizations and faculty members, scientists to collect, curate and showcase the scholarly communication activities and provide an opportunity to create the scholarly network. The IRINS is available as free software-as-a-service to the academic and R&D organizations in India. The IRINS supports the integration of existing research repository with open and commercial citation databases, scholarly publishers, etc. It is integrated with academic identity such as ORCID ID, Scopus ID, Research ID, Microsoft Academic ID, Google Scholar ID for ingesting the scholarly contributions. ILMS More ILMS i.e. INFLIBNET Learning Management Service is offered by the Information and Library Network Centre (An IUC of UGC) to the institutions of higher education across the country. This service is being offered to all the Central, State and Deemed universities on request basis. It provides pre-populated learning content, derived from e-PG Pathshala: A Gateway to PG Courses, as per the prevailing guidelines of UGC. e-PG Pathshala More e-PG Pathshala is an MHRD initiative under its National Mission on Education through ICT (NME-ICT), executed by the UGC. Under this initiative, a huge volume of content along with its quality is developed for 70+ subjects and accessible in open access mode. Vidya-mitra More Vidya-mitra is an online learning portal for all the e-content projects. The portal facilitates searching and browsing of all content hosted on a platform wherein a learner can easily access the desired material including audio/video learning material, textual material, multimedia-enriched materials, etc. through a single interface. Currently, vidya-mitra has 44,450+ eText and 66,000+ Video. UGC-MOOCs More The INFLIBNET is executing this project under the aegis of UGC. The major role of INFLIBNET is fund disbursement to all course coordinator, the web interface of course proposal and a dedicated portal for UGC-MOOCs. Portal provides a dashboard for SWAYAM coordinators, mentors, information on PG-courses update, workshop details, etc. The proposal is being invited by the dedicated portal and all the new courses under said national coordinator have been identified through the portal. Swayam Prabha More The SWAYAM-PRABHA, an MoE project under NME-ICT, is conceived as a group of 32 DTH channels devoted to telecasting of high-quality educational programmes on 24X7 basis using the GSAT-15 transponders. New content for at least four hours is being telecasted that would be repeated 5 more times in a day, allowing the student to choose the time slot as per their convenience. The INFLIBNET Centre is continuing the task of developing portal of SWAYAM PRABHA and its hosting including archiving of videos for all the channel. NIRF More The ranking framework outlines a methodology to rank institutions across the country. The INFLIBNET Centre is responsible for the development of NIRF Web Portal including data capturing system, perception capturing system, the feedback mechanism and the ranking platform. The Centre is also involved to provide and verify data on publications, citations, patents and highly cited papers within India. e-NBA More The project, called “Accreditation Workflow Management System (AWMS)” is related to accreditation of technical institution’s programme. The Centre is involved to develop full-fledge online platform of accreditation workflow management system for technical institutes based on requirements provided by National Board of Accreditation. NAAC More The INFLIBNET Centre is awarded a project of validation and verification of bibliometric data for the HEIs undergoing the NAAC Accreditation. Under the project, the Centre is responsible to provide data for bibliometrics related elements for all applicants and also provides support and consultancy services for validation of bibliometrics data. ICSSR Data Service More The ICSSR has sanctioned a project entitled "Setting-up of Indian Social Science Data Repository for the ICSSR's Data Service" to the Centre. The ICSSR has signed an MoU with Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation, New Delhi for providing NSS and ASI datasets which, in turn, are being handed over to INFLIBNET Centre for hosting onto the repository. e-Governance@UGC More The University Grants Commission assigned the responsibility for setting up IT Cell at UGC and development and maintenance of the website of the UGC as well as for automation of its various schemes, Grant Management System and e-Scholarship-Fellowship Award Registration Tracking System (e-SARTS). Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat More The Ministry of Education assigned the task for creation of web portal of "Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat" to INFLIBNET Centre. It is sub-set of MoE project called “Unnat Bharat Abhiyan”, being executed by IIT Delhi. EBSB is made for the exchange of cultural events and activities among the state of India. All Activities About Us Objectives Mission and Vision Governance Bye-Laws MoA Functional Group Our Team Honors & Awards Physical Infrastructure ICT Infrastructure MoUs Programmes & Activities IndCat SOUL ONOS e-ShodhSindhu N-LIST InfiStats INFED ShodhShuddhi Shodh-Chakra Online Copy-Catalogue Shodhganga ShodhGangotri IR@INFLIBNET ILMS SheRNI LIB-VAHINI INFLIBNET Corner INFOPORT More Major Projects Vidwan IRINS E-PG Pathshala Vidya-Mitra MMTT Programme More Publications Newsletters Annual Reports University Directory Calendar 2025 Training Calendar 2025 Mobile App WhatsApp Assistance More@INFLIBNET Jobs Tenders Guest House Walk-in-Users Holiday List 2026 Follow Us Intranet Web | INFLIBNET HRMS (for internal use only) Copyright © 2025 INFLIBNET Centre, Infocity, Gandhinagar-382 007, Gujarat, INDIA. Email to Webmaster Disclaimer Privacy