Inflact – Marketing toolkit for Instagram Services Promo Attract potential clients and target audience to your account Pricing FAQ Direct Organize your DM for money-making with the all-in-one online chat and CRM for Instagram Pricing FAQ Posting Schedule IG content, preview the feed, use the auto-updated description Pricing FAQ Services Make a strong social media marketing strategy with our Instagram growth service. Keep a high engagement rate and deeply connect with the IG audience. Educate in the Lab Tools Hashtags Boost posts discoverability, get famous in your niche organically Generator Trends Instagram Viewer Get precise info about competitors, influencers, target clientele Profile Posts Stories Reels Highlights Instagram Downloader Save content fast for smart repurpose and entertainment Photo Video Profile Stories Highlights DP Reels Profiles Get precise info about competitors, influencers, target clientele Analyzer Search Tracker Fonts Stand out with fancy types in bio, headlines and descriptions Tools Improve your social media management by combining analytics and marketing tools. Automate your business for scheduling, DMs, and other routine IG tasks. Educate in the Lab Lab Blog News Articles Tutorials Authors Support hello@inflact.com Faq Reviews Lab Enjoy marketing tips, helpful guides, videos, and fresh Instagram content ideas to boost your content strategy. Youtube Telegram X Sign In Sign up Marketing Toolkit for Instagram Adapt your Instagram account for business with smart tools – build target audience, engage with clients, and plan content. Help potential customers discover your products and build brand loyalty in 3 steps. Get 7 days PRO access for 3$ PRO access incl. tools and VPN (up to 3 acc). Audience Attract users to build a loyal community Smart targeting Growth Analytics Influencer search Profile Analyzer Clients Manage Direct and Categorize in CMS Advanced Direct Messenger Chatbot with auto-replies Target bulk DMs CRM features Content Post Smart with Generated Hashtags Scheduled posting AI Hashtag Generator Hashtags Trends Trusted by 15000+ individuals, businesses and influencers. Excellent 4.2 out of 5 on Trustpilot Based on 641 reviews. How to sell on Instagram Do you use Instagram for sales, establishing your brand, or influencing? The IG app is not enough to build trust in your community. Our tools will help you attract potential customers, connect with clients, and reach more people with your content. You can earn more with an active account even without a social media manager. Dashboard with all options Streamline leads with AI targeting Adjust auto-replies to keep in touch Find hashtags to expand reach Start selling on Instagram: Dashboard with all options Streamline leads with AI targeting Adjust auto-replies to keep in touch Find hashtags to expand reach An active account 24/7 even if you’re offline Activity will build customer trust while you spend quality time. A chatbot will immediately help clients Customers will choose you over competitors thanks to instant reactions. Plan posts that get on the Explore page Hashtags and the best posting time will help you reach the top. Ready to automate business and sell on Instagram? Get started View prices Only targeted audience The number of followers and likes doesn’t matter if you run an Instagram account for business. Millions of Instagram users are looking for your goods – they can become your loyal consumers if they find you. We aim to help you detect and attract future clients through AI targeting and develop long-lasting relationships. You will understand how to sell products on Instagram with the maximum ROI. Learn how to use Instagram for business productively Go to Lab User Search for Instagram Find customers and create client lists Try free Hashtags Generator Attract interested clients via #hashtags Try free Instagram Story Viewer Watch your instagram stories anonymously Try free Profile Analyzer Analyze public profiles for bots and activity Try free Pricing Achieve your 6-figure sales on Instagram with the tools you need. Choose a fully customizable package with a discount. You can upgrade the package anytime in your dashboard. Trusted tools that pay off We don’t just help you grow followers. We help you establish long-lasting and lucrative connections within your Instagram tribe. 1.2 M Users have used our tools globally +1K Followers growth in one month from 0 3X Content reach thanks to Hashtag Generator 24/7 Our support team will solve any issue Businesses all over the world trust Inflact to grow their brands Excellent 4.2 of 5 Based on 641 reviews Trustpilot Ella Jul 31, 2025 I discovered Inflact’s Research package… I discovered Inflact’s Research package through a youtube review by a blogger. I was curious to see if it could really help me track competitors and improve my own content strategy. So far I’ve used the Tracker, Downloader, and Profile Analyzer almost every day. The profile tracker is very useful for monitoring posts and stories without interacting with the accounts. The Downloader works fast and lets me save any content I need for inspiration or reporting. The Profile Analyzer impressed me the most, it shows detailed audience data, engagement rates and etc. I haven’t tried the instagram search yet, but the rest of the features are already worth the price. If you’re serious about research pack, I definitely recommend giving this a try. Ayden Miller Jun 26, 2025 Very helpful for finding the right… Very helpful for finding the right hashtags. David Wiley Mar 11, 2025 Great features Great features, slightly pricey Diane Wheeler Mar 09, 2025 Useful for Instagram growth I've been using Inflact for a few months, and it's definitely helped with my Instagram engagement. The hashtag generator is especially useful, and I've noticed my posts reaching more people. Worth trying if you're looking to improve your social media presence. C S Tommy Faets Feb 27, 2025 Great Experience I have had nothing but a positive experience and really enjoyed their services. Will use again and again. Aman Kaith May 24, 2023 Inflact provide us the best #hashtags… Inflact provide us the best #hashtags for our reels . Almost my every copied hashtags to reels from here goes viral Gabi Oct 06, 2022 Stellar customer service Stellar customer service! Very reactive and kind. Really participates to the all experience Josh Snoddy Sep 08, 2022 I've used a few of Inflact's tools over… I've used a few of Inflact's tools over the years and found them all to be fantastic. I'm particularly keen on their Promo and Hashtag modules. Customer service has always been excellent. Can't fault anything, highly recommended! Yogesh Shinde Aug 25, 2022 It sure is one of the best hashtag generator platforms… It sure is one of the best hashtag generator platforms I have used in a while. They help me generate specific hashtags that help me garner the perfect audience via hashtags. I am glad to have found them. Thank you. na Jan 10, 2022 Amazing Instagram tool Amazing Instagram tool. Great for research and also great for those who want to use instagram features without the account on. Clients about us Discover why clients choose us — in their own words View All Videos Viewer Viewer Analyzer Viewer Downloader Downloader Tracker Viewer Need help? Read our blog to learn more about some new techniques for Instagram promotion. If you have any questions about our service, visit our FAQ section. FAQ Full List of Questions About Functionality About What is Inflact? Inflact is a multi-purpose service that includes modules for Instagram promotion. Influencers, bloggers, and simple users can choose tools based on their needs. We offer free and paid services for building your audience, managing content, and communicating with clients. All modules can be used independently of each other. What are the Inflact modules? On our website, you will find the following modules: Promo module. A smart AI-based system that drives potential clients/followers to your account via targeting. Direct module. A fully-fledged CRM for Instagram where you can keep data about clients and manage bulk and auto messaging. Posting module. A scheduler for Instagram content with the smart feature "Auto-updated description." Also, we offer a bunch of other useful tools: Hashtag Generator, User Search, Profile Analyzer, Downloaders for content from social networks, anonymous Stories and Profile Viewers, and a Font Generator. Read this guide for beginners for more details. I've got a question. What should I do? Contact our support team via chat or at hello@inflact.com . Our business hours are Monday to Friday from 09:00 AM to 05:00 PM (GMT+2). Functionality How can the Promo module improve my Instagram growth and sales? When you connect an Instagram account to the Promo module, it will interact with accounts you set as a target. This results in users checking on your account and (if they like your content/products) becoming your followers or customers. The Promo module is smart and never interacts with random people. You can use 3 methods for targeting: Usernames. The system will like, watch stories, follow/unfollow these users plus their followers. For example, you can research your competitors' usernames to interact with their followers (your potential clients). Hashtags. The system will engage with users that apply specific hashtags. Hashtags help to identify niche-specific content and the right accounts. Locations. Inflact will boost activity in the locations you choose as a target. For example, if you sell products for the USA market, it will find people by the US geotags. You can choose what actions Inflact should perform – like, follow, unfollow (after three days). Read this guide for beginners to discover more details. What is the Direct module, and why is it helpful? The Direct module is more than a desktop messenger. It's a CRM system that is essential if you manage a business on Instagram. It's your assistant that can boost sales with just one automated message you plan in advance. You build an intimate relationship with new followers via welcome messages. Offer them a discount to stimulate first sales. You don't need to be online 24/7 to answer the same questions. Pre-plan replies for everyday issues to help people who are interested in your services. You can gain crazy revenue by reaching out via bulk messages. Nurture connections with clients via offers you can send privately in DM. Your Instagram customer base is organized. Use labels, address fields, and notes to collect clients' data in one place. The tool is powered by a search bar where you can enter keywords to find people. As you see, this module is a perfect solution for those who need a Direct inbox for making money and building a brand image. What are the benefits of the Posting module? The Posting module is a convenient scheduler for Instagram. When you plan posts, you benefit in these ways: No need to think about what to post every day. Schedule posts once or twice a month. You can plan images, videos, carousels, stories. Descriptions will be updated automatically. You can use up to 90 hashtags thanks to this function. This feature can really increase the accounts you may reach organically. Edit after posting. You can modify captions from the desktop after publishing. Why should I use the Hashtag Generator? Hashtags work like Instagram ads, but free. Since users can follow hashtags on Instagram, your posts are likely to appear in their feed. Also, hashtags make your posts searchable and help the algorithm show them to potential followers. It's inconvenient to discover hashtags in the Instagram app. That's why we offer an AI-based tool where you can copy and paste hashtags. Here are the benefits: Green hashtags are ones suggested by Instagram (usually used in one post), and you can copy them in seconds. In the app, you can't see the relevant ideas. Synonymic hashtags suggestions. You can input up to 5 keywords to get diverse results. Hashtag analytics. It's possible to view recent and top posts to understand if the content in a hashtag gallery is relevant to yours. Hashtag volume will help you understand if the competition is tough in this gallery. Pro tip: You can use the special function in the Posting module – "Auto-updated description." Here you promote a post with 90 total hashtags, in sets of 30 that will be renewed after 10 minutes and 4 hours. Blog Read Our Blog Sort by: Date Popularity Read Our Blog Adrian Bliss - Biography, Brands, and Collaborations December 29, 2025 Article How to Use Advanced Settings in Inflact Promo Module December 26, 2025 Tutorials Dude With Sign: The Street Sign Sage Owning Viral Wit December 26, 2025 Article Fit Men Cook: The Healthy Eating Revolution for Busy Lives December 25, 2025 Article Copyright © 2026 Any questions? hello@inflact.com EN DE ES PT IT RU TR FR PL EN DE ES PT IT RU TR FR PL EN Inflact Support Blog Reviews Become a Partner Promo Codes SERVICES Direct Messages Scheduled Posting Promo TOOLS Hashtag Generator Hashtag Trends Instagram Downloader Instagram Tracker Profile Analyzer Instagram Search Instagram Viewer Fonts Generator LEGAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Billing Information Refund and Cancellation Policy Cookie consent Copyright © 2026 Inflact is not endorsed or certified by Instagram. All Instagram TM logos and trademarks displayed on this application are property of Instagram. Service provider: Wiseway SIA, Avotu iela 23-3, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia Youtube Telegram X