Skip to content
LOG IN
SIGN UP
Your next favorite thing is here
- find it and tell the world.
SIGN UP
How it works
#1

Sometimes brands give away their newest and best products (for free!) because they want honest opinions about them. Interested? We thought so.

#2

VoxBoxes are packages filled with these freebies, just waiting for your considered opinions. And we have something for everyone, every day.

#3

We choose products we know you will love, based on what you shared on the app. Be sure to download the app, review products you've already tried and tell us what you like!

Your Opinion Matters!
Like something? Hate it? Leave a review and tell us (and your friends, and the brand and all 7 million of our members!). We're all ears.
Hasbro
Monopoly Board Game
(4.56)

This is THE game that shows very early on what a kid is made of... Take no prisoners and don't go easy on your kids. Take their money, wipe their tears and make plans to play again. It will toughen them up.

Member D.P.
Cat's Pride
Max Power: Total Odor Control Unscented
(4)

Me & Kitty are so excited about this new Cat's Pride kitty litter! * This was complimentary from Influenster & Cat's Pride for my honest and unbiased opinion * It has a dust free formula, scoops so easily!

Member D.
Post
Fruity Pebbles Cereal
(4.6)

I've been eating this since I was a kid. My mom never likes buying this for me or my brother because it was our favourite cereal and we could eat an entire box alone. Still to this day I can eat an entire box myself.

Member M.
Speed Stick
Regular Deoderant
(4.1)

Make yourself feel better and make your wife happy to sit next to you. Shower and apply then apply again if you feel special or extra!

Member J.
DeLonghi
Dolce Gusto Single Serve Espresso
(4.8)

Because I love coffee, I need A LOT every day. This coffee machine makes my life so much easier.

Member M.
DESITIN®
Maximum Strength Original Paste
(4.5)

The big guns. I think I've only had to buy this one time for a serious rash that resisted my regular cream. The regenerative power this has, it should be nicknamed wolverine.

Member K.
Kiehl's
Ultimate Man Razor Bump Relief
(4.4)

Most razor bump products have a strong smell and this one wasn't like the others. It worked fast, didn't dry out my skin and left my skin smooth.

Member D
Sisley Paris
Black Rose Cream Mask
(4.6)

I wanted badly not to fall in love with this mask like 'everyone else' (because of the price point) but, alas, it is everything I expected and then some.

Member K.
Find your next favorite thing faster.

VoxBox invites. Pop-up product offers. We dont want you to miss a thing. (And, yes, you can adjust your settings whenever you want.)

PRODUCTS
Beauty
Business & Industrial
Grocery
Sports
Toys & Games
Personal Care
Beverages
Health
Pets & Animals
New Parent
Retailers & Services
Vehicles & Parts
Home & Garden
Apparel & Accessories
Arts & Crafts
Electronics
ABOUT
How Influenster Works
Careers
Business Inquiries
Data Request
Brands
Cookie Settings
HELP
Help Center
Contact Us
Your next favorite thing is here
GET THE INFLUENSTER APP
Copyright 2025 Influenster, a Bazaarvoice company. All rights reserved.
PrivacyTerms

Influenster uses cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, and to enrich and customize your experience. For more information about how we use cookies, please see the 'Cookies and Similar Technologies' Section of the Influenster Cookie Policy

Cookie Settings Accept All Cookies