Infold Games Home Games About News Career EN JP KR 繁體中文 EMPOWER THE WORLD WITH CREATIVITY JOIN US VIEW MORE undefined.nextTitle Love Nikki A dream about love and miracles.
Start your journey in the seven kingdoms with Nikki! Mr Love: 
Queen's Choice Romance simulation game filled with superpowers, 
fantasy and surprises. My super power is my super love for you. Shining Nikki Beauty works miracles! Explore Miraland with Nikki
and Momo, and defeat opponents with your Styling
Power. The adventure shines because of you. Love and 
Deepspace In 2034, humans received messages from the depths of the universe. These mysterious messages aroused people’s curiosity about the exploration of the universe and unknown civilization. Project: 
The Perceiver In a quagmire of endless war, conviction is your only way out.
Observe every facet of the world, and witness a kaleidoscope 
of ideals. Infinity Nikki Join Nikki and Momo in a vast fantasy world, exploring freely and savoring varied playstyles. The power resting in gorgeous outfits will find you a path forward and offer infinite fun along the journey! Ballad of Antara Venture with the mysterious Dromos, reunite a sundered world. Begin a perilous journey, seek towering, divine creatures, retrieve those twisted and lost 'essences' of the land. Love Nikki A dream about love and miracles. Start your journey in the seven kingdoms
with Nikki! X Facebook Mr Love: Queen's Choice Romance simulation game filled with superpowers, 
fantasy and surprises. My super power is my super love for you. X YouTube Shining Nikki Beauty works miracles! Explore Miraland with Nikki and Momo, and defeat
opponents with your Styling Power. The adventure shines because of you. Home X YouTube Love and Deepspace In 2034, humans received messages from the depths of the universe. These mysterious messages aroused people’s curiosity about the exploration of the universe and unknown civilization. Home X YouTube Facebook Project: The Perceiver In a quagmire of endless war, conviction is your only way out.
Observe every facet of the world, and witness a kaleidoscope of ideals. Home X YouTube Infinity Nikki Join Nikki and Momo in a vast fantasy world, exploring freely and savoring varied playstyles. The power resting in gorgeous outfits will find you a path forward and offer infinite fun along the journey! Home X YouTube Ballad of Antara Venture with the mysterious Dromos, reunite a sundered world. Begin a perilous journey, seek towering, divine creatures, retrieve those twisted and lost 'essences' of the land. Home X Facebook Discord Games OF/01 Love Nikki Mr Love: 
Queen's Choice Shining Nikki Love and 
Deepspace Project: 
The Perceiver Infinity Nikki Ballad of Antara About Us LIST/01 About Us History Awards Our Mission: Empower the world with creativity 
Our Vision: Enrich a universe of wonder Values： · Creativity First · Tech-Driven · Scientific Rigor · Spirit of Climbing · Autonomy & Openness About Us LIST/02 About Us History Awards PLEASE CLICK HERE 2012 12 Nikki UP2U Nikki UP2U: A Dressing Story, the first product of the Nikki series, was released. Nikki and Momo were created. 2013 07 Nikki UP2U The standalone version of Nikki UP2U: World Traveller, the second product of the Nikki series, was released. 2015 05 Love Nikki Love Nikki, the third product of the Nikki series, was released and hit the top of App Store Downloads. It has attracted over 100 million registered users as of now. 2016 Love Nikki Papergames’ Japanese Branch was established, and it independently published the Japanese version of Love Nikki. 2017 12 Mr Love: Queen's Choice The company released Mr Love: Queen's Choice, which has attracted nearly 100 million registered users and garnered several influential awards in the industry. 2019 08 Shining Nikki Shining Nikki, a next-gen 3D mobile game and also the fourth product of the Nikki series, was released. 2020 06 Infold Animation Infold Animation was officially established. The animation team has independently made several high-quality videos that were well-received by users and fans. 2022 08 Infold Games Infold Games, a new overseas brand under Papergames was officially established. Infold Games is committed to bringing unprecedented entertainment experiences to global players through diversified creations. 2024 01 Love and Deepspace The latest installment of the Love series, Love and Deepspace, has been released and quickly achieved impressive results across multiple countries and regions worldwide. About Us LIST/03 About Us History Awards Awards 1 News PLEASE CLICK HERE MORE Recent News Career LIST/02 Careers Career Opportunities IP Management VIEW JOBS Animation VIEW JOBS Engineering & Technology VIEW JOBS Project Management VIEW JOBS Art & Visual Design VIEW JOBS Marketing & Operations VIEW JOBS Platform VIEW JOBS Game Design VIEW JOBS Services VIEW JOBS Contact Us support-EN@infoldgames.com TERMS / PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT 2024 Infold Games. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED To improve your experience on our website, we use cookies. Learn more Accept