Skip to content
Infoblox Threat Intel
Community
Blog
Cloud Services
Contact
Language
Search
Why Infoblox
Products
Solutions
Support & Services
Resources
Company
Downloads
Uniting Networking,
Security and Cloud

No silos. No slowdowns. With protective DDI, Infoblox keeps your enterprise agile, secure and prepared—for whatever comes next.

WATCH VIDEO

Trusted by 13,000+ organizations worldwide

WE UNDERSTAND THE CHALLENGES YOU’RE UP AGAINST

Disconnected tools. Distributed environments. Rising risks.

While digital transformation enables unprecedented connectivity and innovation, it also causes networks to become increasingly distributed and harder to manage.

Classic networks

Clear responsibility

NetOps

SecOps

Cloud proliferation

Blending responsibility

NetOps

CloudOps

SecOps

Users everywhere

Blurred responsibility

NetOps

CloudOps

SecOps

As network complexity has increased—from classic networks to users everywhere—traditional lines of responsibility have broken down, and teams are inadvertently stepping into each other’s lanes.

Without network visibility, cloud agility and DNS security, IT teams face mounting pressures.

Visibility challenge

0%
of CMDBs on average are inaccurate.
Source

Cloud challenge

0%
of organizations experience more frequent cloud outages without enterprise-grade DDI.
Source

Security challenge

0%
of malware uses DNS for command and control.
Source
Secure, automate and accelerate through a protective DDI platform

AI, visibility and insights with a unified point of control

SECURITY

Protective DNS

NETWORKING

Unified DDI Management

VISIBILITY

Cross-Domain Intelligence

PROTOCOL DELIVERY

Physical, Virtual,
As a Service, Third Party

Tame complexity at scale

Infoblox breaks down silos

Leverage any cloud

Streamline automation

Simplify operations

Preempt threats

Get network visibility and context

Future-ready networking and cybersecurity solutions that modernize and protect your business
Unify management of cloud-native, legacy on-prem and external DNS
Network modernization
Business continuity

WWT powers digital ecosystem with 100% uptime for 10 years

Preempt attacks with advanced threat prevention
Ransomware
Risk and compliance

Lloyds Banking Group fortifies against emerging threats with robust protection

Simplify and secure your cloud adoption
Multi-cloud networking
Cloud migration

Sabre Corporation enables agile, efficient cloud connectivity

Real-time threat protection.
Resilient network performance.

Infoblox delivers the critical capabilities you need for your enterprise, so you can secure your business and scale without limits.

Infoblox
Universal DDI™
Product Suite
Unite DNS, DHCP and IPAM

Manage Infoblox and third-party services from a unified control plane, with flexible deployment through NIOS-X to fit your business needs.

GET ENTERPRISE DDI
Infoblox
Universal Asset Insights™
Automate network discovery and analysis

Unlock unmatched visibility and in-depth insights that drive actionable intelligence across hybrid, multi-cloud environments.

DISCOVER BLIND SPOTS
Infoblox
Threat Defense™
Achieve preemptive security everywhere

Safeguard devices, workloads, IoT/OT and users with protective DNS that prioritizes and automates response while reducing security costs.

BLOCK THREATS EARLIER

Explore our full product portfolio—including NIOS, the foundation of modern DDI.

VIEW ALL PRODUCTS
What defines hybrid, multi-cloud success?
DOWNLOAD REPORT
Proven to drive value

Customer testimonials, real-world results and media recognition all tell the same story: Infoblox products and solutions deliver measurable ROI at scale.

85 %

time savings with DDI task automation

READ THE REPORT
“The solution is so simple to use and is pure gold to our DNS. ”
Director, IT Security and Risk Management 
Gartner Peer Insights
“... DNS Armor, powered by Infoblox, provides a preemptive solution to securing cloud workloads that doesn’t add additional complexity or compute.”
Chris Kissel
Research VP, Security and Trust, IDC
“That’s the beauty of Infoblox. You don't have to track people down, ask to see spreadsheets, do IP configs. You just go to the dashboard, boom. It’s done.”
Jamil Niazi
Chief Information Officer, City of Stockton

0.0002 %

false positive rate

VIEW INFOBLOX THREAT DEFENSE
“Centralized, all-in-one solution. Everything about DDI in one place and easy to scale.”
IT Admin
Gartner Peer Insights
“Threat Defense is the moat around our castle. You’re going to have to get past that before you can start doing any harm on the outside walls.”
John Roosa
Chief Information Officer, Stupp Bros.
“Infoblox doesn’t cause you problems—it solves them.”
Renyk de’Vandre
Principal Network Engineer

82 %

threats blocked before DNS query

DISCOVER INFOBLOX THREAT DEFENSE
“Very easy to use. I can get in, get what I need and get out, saving time and money.”
Security Controls Assessor
Gartner Peer Insights

See how customers succeed with Infoblox

READ CASE STUDIES
“Infoblox’s innovative approach to managing critical network services for hybrid, multi-cloud environments is unmatched by any other vendor today.”
Zeus Kerravala
Founder and Principal Analyst, ZK Research
“Infoblox has given us a very, very solid platform. It works very reliably with little maintenance.”
Simran Sandhu
Manager of Global Infrastructure, Adobe

70 B

DNS events analyzed daily

EXPLORE INFOBLOX THREAT DEFENSE
“Whether you need a DNS, DHCP and IPAM service for your data center, a cloud-native network, or a hybrid combination of both, Infoblox offers the most advanced and proven solution. ”
Sales Business Development
Gartner Peer Insights
“With Infoblox, we can close the gap between security and network operations. With one system, we have a view of both worlds ...”
Andreas Schmidt
IT System Engineer, Truma Gerätetechnik
“Infoblox frees me up to plan for the future, and those time savings are really important because, without them, I would just be spinning my wheels, fixing day-to-day processes.”
Juan Castano
Senior Network Administrator, Oxnard Union High School District
Let’s talk

Learn how Infoblox can help your team move faster, reduce risk and simplify operations across clouds, data centers and beyond. 

CONTACT SALES
Products
Infoblox Universal DDI™ Product Suite​
NIOS DDI
Infoblox Threat Defense™​
DNS Infrastructure Protection
Cloud Network Automation
Unified Network View
IPAM for Microsoft
Solutions
Network Modernization
Multi-Cloud Networking
Hybrid Workplace
On-Premises + Cloud-Managed Networking
Security Ecosystem
Networking Ecosystem
Healthcare
Higher Education
Public Sector
Company
About Us
Why Infoblox
Customers
Partner Programs
Services
Press Releases
Infoblox Accolades
Careers
Contact Us
Resources
Resource Center
Support
DNS Security Center
Infoblox Glossary
Infoblox Threat Intel
Community
Training
Blog
SaaS Status
Vulnerability Disclosure
Get Infoblox Email Updates
SUBSCRIBE
© 2025 Infoblox. All rights reserved.
Feedback
Website Terms of Use
Legal
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Cookie Preferences
We, and our third-party partners, use cookies, pixels, and other technologies to collect, record, and share information you provide, as well as information about your interactions with, our site for ad targeting, analytics, personalization, and site functionality purposes. By clicking one of the buttons below, you agree to the use of these technologies (as described in our Privacy Notice and subject to your settings) and our Terms of Use (which contains important waivers).
MANAGE SETTINGS ACCEPT DECLINE NON-NECESSARY
×
Close mobile menu
Why Infoblox
Products
Solutions
Support & Services
Resources
Company
Downloads
Infoblox Threat Intel
Community
Cloud Services
Contact
Language
Search
Submit