Infobip - The best omnichannel marketing platform Service status External connectivity status Startups Support center Site language: en Login Products Solutions Telecoms Partnerships Developers Company Pricing Try for free Contact us Conversational modules Moments Customer engagement solution Conversations Cloud contact center Answers Chatbot building platform People Customer data platform Infobip AI Hub Generative AI platform Programmable Channels SMS API RCS API Email API MMS API Voice API Live Chat API Video API In-app messaging Mobile push API WhatsApp API Viber for Business API Messenger API Instagram API Telegram Apple Kakao Business Line Zalo Platform functionality Smart Messaging Optimize your messaging costs with the most efficient channel mix Infobip Signals Block fraudulent OTP traffic CPaaS X API Modular API stack to help platforms scale exponentially Authentication API Customer authentication and verification Mobile identity API Protect and identify your users Number lookup API Root out invalid numbers Numbers 10 DLC Business segments Conversational solutions Build gen AI-powered experiences B2B Platforms Enable your clients to send traffic at scale Digital Natives Disrupt the world through digital innovation Enterprise Transform your communication globally Wholesale Expand your channel offering at scale Industry verticals Finance Reassure customers with secure interactions Retail & eCommerce Boost conversion and increase customer loyalty Telecoms Build superior CX solutions across the entire telecom customer journey Healthcare Deliver a fast, convenient patient experience in-person or at home Transportation Deliver superior transportation and logistics customer experience Government solutions Transforming citizen engagement with AI Sport & entertainment Fan engagement solutions to excite audiences and grow loyalty Department Marketing Unleash the power of omnichannel marketing automation Sales Optimize your sales with intelligent automation Customer service Provide efficient customer service on the most popular channels Our services CX consulting Maximize return on your CX investments Professional services Ensure early and sustainable ROI on your CX investments CX maturity assessment Find out how to reach your full conversational potential Solutions for telecoms The Infobip advantage for telcos See why leading telecoms around the world choose Infobip to transform their network Telecom CPaaS partnerships Create new B2B revenue streams with our omnichannel communications platform Telecom CX solutions Build superior CX solutions across the entire telecom customer journey Telecom core & security Anam Protect Firewall Secure your network from SMS and Voice fraud with our firewall that protects 120+ operators SMS Firewall Ensure all A2P SMS traffic is properly charged and eliminate revenue leakage with our SMS Firewall Networks APIs Tap into the core of telecom networks, and deliver unparalleled customer experiences RCS Connectivity and Infobip MaaP Gain full control, visibility, and billing efficiency Featured cases Unlock the power of network APIs: How CAMARA transforms Telco innovation How AI is transforming the telecom industry The future of conversational messaging with RCS: A look ahead with BT API & TOOLS API Reference API Status Change Log SDKs Postman Community & Resources Shiftmag Newsletter & magazine for developers Shift conference Leading developers conference in Southern Europe GitHub Integrations Documentation Infobip Developers Discord About us Our story Leadership Our values Global presence Careers Resources Blog Downloads Customer stories Spotlight Guides Academy Documentation Product updates News Center Newsroom Analyst reports Events Media kit Media inquiries Featured content Harvard Business Review Messaging Trends Report 2025 CX maturity assessment Generational Messaging Trends See all resources Products Conversational modules Moments Customer engagement solution Conversations Cloud contact center Answers Chatbot building platform People Customer data platform Infobip AI Hub Generative AI platform Programmable Channels SMS API RCS API Email API MMS API Voice API Live Chat API Video API In-app messaging Mobile push API WhatsApp API Viber for Business API Messenger API Instagram API Telegram Apple Kakao Business Line Zalo Platform functionality Smart Messaging Optimize your messaging costs with the most efficient channel mix Infobip Signals Block fraudulent OTP traffic CPaaS X API Modular API stack to help platforms scale exponentially Authentication API Customer authentication and verification Mobile identity API Protect and identify your users Number lookup API Root out invalid numbers Numbers 10 DLC Solutions Business segments Conversational solutions Build gen AI-powered experiences B2B Platforms Enable your clients to send traffic at scale Digital Natives Disrupt the world through digital innovation Enterprise Transform your communication globally Wholesale Expand your channel offering at scale Industry verticals Finance Reassure customers with secure interactions Retail & eCommerce Boost conversion and increase customer loyalty Telecoms Build superior CX solutions across the entire telecom customer journey Healthcare Deliver a fast, convenient patient experience in-person or at home Transportation Deliver superior transportation and logistics customer experience Government solutions Transforming citizen engagement with AI Sport & entertainment Fan engagement solutions to excite audiences and grow loyalty Department Marketing Unleash the power of omnichannel marketing automation Sales Optimize your sales with intelligent automation Customer service Provide efficient customer service on the most popular channels Our services CX consulting Maximize return on your CX investments Professional services Ensure early and sustainable ROI on your CX investments CX maturity assessment Find out how to reach your full conversational potential Telecoms Solutions for telecoms The Infobip advantage for telcos See why leading telecoms around the world choose Infobip to transform their network Telecom CPaaS partnerships Create new B2B revenue streams with our omnichannel communications platform Telecom CX solutions Build superior CX solutions across the entire telecom customer journey Telecom core & security Anam Protect Firewall Secure your network from SMS and Voice fraud with our firewall that protects 120+ operators SMS Firewall Ensure all A2P SMS traffic is properly charged and eliminate revenue leakage with our SMS Firewall Networks APIs Tap into the core of telecom networks, and deliver unparalleled customer experiences RCS Connectivity and Infobip MaaP Gain full control, visibility, and billing efficiency Featured cases Unlock the power of network APIs: How CAMARA transforms Telco innovation How AI is transforming the telecom industry The future of conversational messaging with RCS: A look ahead with BT Partnerships Developers API & TOOLS API Reference API Status Change Log SDKs Postman Community & Resources Shiftmag Newsletter & magazine for developers Shift conference Leading developers conference in Southern Europe GitHub Integrations Documentation Infobip Developers Discord Company About us Our story Leadership Our values Global presence Careers Resources Blog Downloads Customer stories Spotlight Guides Academy Documentation Product updates News Center Newsroom Analyst reports Events Media kit Media inquiries Featured content Harvard Business Review Messaging Trends Report 2025 CX maturity assessment Generational Messaging Trends See all resources Pricing Support center Try for free Contact us All Resources Pages Posts Pages Campaigns Podcasts Offices Engineering Stories Guides Scale Up & Up Episodes Events Telecoms Success Stories Glossaries FAQs Startups Authors Downloads Webinars Customers Product Updates News Stories Job Openings Cases Analyst Reports View all results Date Title Reach more customers wherever they are, whatever they’re on Engage them on every channel, in every scenario – from our platform or yours Try for free Contact an expert Two teams. One obsession. Performance through innovation Discover more A LEADER AGAIN 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for CPaaS Positioned furthest for our Completeness of Vision! Get the report Conversational solutions for every use case Verticalized & AI use cases Design customer journeys Build any use case on messaging or voice channels for your industry e.g. Finance, Healthcare, retail, using AI and our conversational experience platform Explore Composable CX modules Create conversations that click Enable dynamic two-way interactions for marketing and customer support through messaging or programmable voice Explore Programmable Channels Connect on any channel Effortlessly deliver messages across all channels from a unified messaging platform using the most advanced channel APIs in the world Explore Network and APIs Secure and scale every interaction Protect your customers and their data with authentication tools or simply build communication workflows on our secure, flexible CPaaS APIs, and the most powerful network in the world Explore Build any use case or conversational scenario Finance Retail & eCommerce Telecoms Healthcare Transportation Travel Send OTPs Onboard new customers Introduce new features Activate services Promote new offers Engage inactive users Authenticate users, boost security and build trust Secure transactions and account logins with a user-friendly authentication experience. Ensure global and local compliance and protection against unauthorized access. Contact us Start strong to build loyalty with seamless onboarding Streamline customer onboarding with efficient, secure processes that enhance user experience. Simplify account setup, ensure compliance, and establish lasting loyalty from the first interaction. Contact us Update customers on exciting new features and services Increase customer lifetime value by making them the first to know about the latest innovations, features and financial products. Contact us Activate banking services with ease Make activating services, applying for loans or creating accounts available at a click of a button over a secure messaging channel. Contact us Highlight exclusive offers to maximize customer value Effectively promote new offers with targeted messages. Drive engagement, enhance customer satisfaction, and encourage adoption of products and services tailored to their financial needs. Contact us Reconnect and re-engage with inactive customers Reignite customer interest with personalized messages that highlight tailored solutions and offers. Encourage inactive users to rediscover the value of your services and strengthen their relationship with your brand. Contact us Promote new products Personalized offers Back-in-stock alerts Delivery notifications Manage orders Share loyalty points Launch your latest products with impact Reach your target audience instantly with product announcements and promotions. Drive excitement and boost sales with targeted omnichannel marketing campaigns. Contact us Delight customers with tailored offers Send tailored promotions based on customer preferences and behavior. Increase customer engagement and loyalty with timely and relevant offers. Contact us Reclaim lost sales with smart cart recovery Win back customers who abandon their carts with automated reminders and incentives. Recover lost revenue and improve conversion rates. Contact us Keep your customers informed and engaged Notify customers as soon as their desired products are back in stock. Drive immediate sales and strengthen customer relationships. Contact us Empower your customers with self-service options Enable customers to track, modify, and return orders easily through SMS, Email, Voice or chat apps. Improve customer satisfaction and reduce support costs. Contact us Reward your loyal customers Send personalized loyalty point notifications and redemption reminders. Encourage repeat purchases and foster long-term customer relationships. Contact us Answer FAQs 24/7 Upsell and cross-sell with personalized offers Make top-ups easy Convert prepaid customers to postpaid Improve dunning process Promote app adoption Provide instant support, anytime, anywhere Automate customer support with simple and AI-powered chatbots. Resolve common queries instantly and reduce customer wait times. Contact us Boost revenue with targeted offers Send personalized offers based on customer usage patterns and preferences. Increase average revenue per user (ARPU) and customer lifetime value (CLV). Contact us Simplify top-ups and boost customer satisfaction Enable customers to top up their accounts easily. Improve customer experience and reduce churn. Contact us Drive postpaid conversions Send personalized offers and incentives to convert prepaid customers to postpaid plans. Increase revenue and customer loyalty. Contact us Proactive reminders so customers don’t miss out Send timely reminders for bill payments, plan expiration, and other important notifications. Reduce missed payments and improve customer satisfaction. Contact us Enhance customer engagement through mobile apps Promote app adoption to provide customers with convenient access to account management, billing, and service features. Simplify customer interactions and reduce dependency on physical stores or call centers. Contact us Schedule appointments Send test results Interactive consultation Patient Education Symptom checker Order prescriptions Simplify appointment scheduling for better care Streamline the scheduling process, reduce wait times, and enhance patient satisfaction with convenient and efficient access to healthcare services. Contact us Deliver critical test results instantly and securely Send time-sensitive test results directly to patients’ mobile devices. Ensure timely patient care and reduce administrative burdens. Contact us Enhance patient care with interactive consultations Facilitate real-time, two-way communication between healthcare providers and patients. Improve patient engagement and satisfaction. Contact us Empower patients with knowledge for better health Send personalized health information and educational materials to patients via their favorite channel. Promote healthy behaviors and improve patient outcomes. Contact us Provide instant symptom assessment and guidance Enable patients to self-assess symptoms through interactive chatbots and voice assistants. Offer immediate advice and triage patients effectively. Contact us Streamline prescription ordering and delivery Simplify the prescription process for both patients and healthcare providers. Automate prescription requests and refills, ensuring timely medication access. Contact us Driver Registration Track driver location Change pickup location Number masking Ride status Customer feedback Simplify driver onboarding and verification Automate driver registration and verification processes with cost effective, omnichannel authentication. Streamline onboarding and reduce administrative overhead. Contact us Real-time driver location tracking so passengers are never stranded Track driver locations in real-time to optimize dispatch and ensure timely pickups and deliveries. Enhance operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. Contact us Give customers the pick-up choice Allow customers to easily modify their pick-up location via chat apps. Provide a seamless and convenient user experience. Contact us Ensure privacy and security for customers Mask caller IDs to protect customer privacy and security. Build trust and confidence with your customers. Contact us Keep customers informed and engaged Send real-time ride status updates to customers on the channels they are on. Improve transparency and reduce customer anxiety. Contact us Gain valuable insights and improve service Send automated feedback surveys to customers on their preferred channel. Collect valuable feedback and identify areas for improvement. Contact us Ticket promotions Last minute offers Real-time support Instruction notifications Check-in support Loyalty programs Simplify booking and confirmation Automate booking confirmations and reminders in an omnichannel way. Reduce no-shows and increase revenue. Contact us Boost last-minute bookings with targeted offers Send time-sensitive offers on flights and hotel bookings to potential customers and maximize revenue. Contact us Experience carefree journeys with real-time support Provide travelers with instant assistance at every step of their journey. Resolve issues quickly, enhance satisfaction, and ensure a stress-free travel experience with reliable, real-time support. Contact us Keep guests informed with real-time updates Send instant updates on flight delays, gate changes, and other travel disruptions. Provide a seamless and stress-free travel experience. Contact us Enhance the check-in experience Provide 24/7 support to guests and passengers with AI-powered chatbots and voice assistants. Increase satisfaction and keep customers stress-free. Contact us Reward loyalty and drive repeat business Send personalized loyalty program updates, rewards, and benefits. Incentivize repeat stays and increase customer loyalty. Contact us Easy-to-use cloud products for marketing, sales, and support Moments Customer engagement platform Conversations Cloud contact center solution Answers Chatbot Building Platform People Customer data platform Automate and personalize interactions across the customer journey Foster deeper connections: Build lasting relationships with personalized interactions. Proactive engagement: Anticipate and predict customer needs before they arise. Real-time insights: Gain actionable insights to optimize customer experiences. Seamless omnichannel experience: Deliver consistent experiences across all channels Explore Moments Provide customer support with a human touch Unify your channels: Seamlessly integrate voice, chat, email, and social media into one solution. Empower your agents: Equip agents with the tools to deliver exceptional customer service. Improve first contact resolution: Resolve issues efficiently on the first contact. Optimize resource allocation: Efficiently manage workloads and improve agent productivity Explore Conversations Intelligent and empathetic chatbots that support, sell and engage Create engaging conversations: Design chatbots that feel natural and human-like. Automate routine tasks: Handle repetitive inquiries and free up human agents. Personalize customer experiences: Deliver tailored interactions based on individual needs. 24/7 customer support: Provide round-the-clock assistance to your customers. Explore Answers Unify your customer data Gain deep customer insights: Uncover valuable insights from your customer data. Personalize marketing campaigns: Deliver targeted campaigns that resonate with your audience. Improve customer segmentation: Identify and target specific customer segments. Optimize customer journeys: Create seamless and efficient customer journeys. Explore People Your customers. Their channels. It’s easier to get the attention of your customers when you meet them where they are. You focus on the message; we get it delivered loud and clear. SMS API MMS API Voice API API Live Chat API RCS API Email API Instagram API WhatsApp API Messenger API Telegram API Viber for Business API Apple messages for business API Explore all channels Build flexible workflows with industry-leading CPaaS APIs JavaScript JavaScript Rust Rust Go Go SMS WhatsApp const { Infobip , AuthType } = require (‘@infobip-api/sdk’); const infobip = new Infobip ({ baseUrl : ‘{baseUrl}’, apiKey : ‘{authorization}’, authType : AuthType . ApiKey ,
});
infobip. channels . sms . send ({ messages : [{ destinations : [{ to : “ 41793026727 ”
    }], from : “ InfoSMS ”, text : “ This is a sample message”,
  }]
}); Code your own solutions Integrate your customers’ favorite channels and build experiences your customers want, the way you want. Explore docs Explore APIs Authentication Fully automated, cost-effective way to authenticate your customers, with multistep failover that leaves no message undelivered Explore Authentication CPaaS X New and enhanced APIs designed to make the Infobip platform more scalable and modular for diverse customer use cases. Explore CPaaS X Network APIs Making it easier for developers to access advanced network capabilities, helping them build better apps faster. Explore Network API Scalable, secure and compliant with our hyper network 1300+ Physical servers 40+ Data centers and auxiliary locations 17K+ Virtual machines 1600 Service types 15K + Application instances 800+ Engineers 7bn End user touchpoints 1000 Deployments daily Head into the conversational future with a trusted partner 95% of global businesses will be using conversational solutions by 2025. We’re here to help you build leading conversational experiences in your market. Explore partnership Become a partner Compose your own tech stack by integrating our solutions with any app With our wide range of integration options, you can use any of our solutions to enhance your customer experience on your existing systems. Explore all integrations Transforming 10,000+ businesses worldwide Explore customer stories Nissan Saudi Arabia: Mastering lead generation with an AI-powered voice game over WhatsApp . 80% session engagement rate . 84% were first-time participants . 93% delivery rate across campaigns . Uber: Capitalizing on the global expansion of the ride-sharing phenomenon . 90% of global calls anonymized . UNICEF: Turning caring people into regular givers with omnichannel customer engagement . 7.8% increase in donor retention . 33.3% decrease in churn rate . 4% conversion rate on cart abandonment flow . DPD: Improving delivery experiences and cutting costs with Viber and SMS . 20% reduction in cost . Stay on top of every tech trend: Explore our resources Posted on December 24, 2025 . Vero: Building digital connections across Brazil . How a partnership based on technology, innovation, and proximity is driving new experiences for millions of customers, with WhatsApp at the center of their digital journey. Tags: Blog . Trends and Insights . WhatsApp Business . Spotlight . Posted on December 23, 2025 . Most popular messaging apps by country . We have compiled and analyzed data from multiple sources to formulate what we believe is the most definitive and accurate list of global penetration rates for the most popular messaging apps. Tags: Blog . Trends and Insights . Posted on December 22, 2025 . WhatsApp data security: Encryption & API best practices . Explore how WhatsApp encryption works, the security risks introduced at the API layer, and best practices for protecting customer data while maintaining compliance and trust. Tags: Blog . Best Practices . WhatsApp Business . Customer Security . Posted on December 17, 2025 . History of RCS Messaging: When did RCS come out? . Discover when RCS was created, how Google and Apple shaped its evolution, and why it’s transforming mobile messaging beyond SMS. Tags: Trends and Insights . RCS . Posted on December 16, 2025 . SMS marketing KPIs: Key metrics you should track . Are your SMS marketing campaigns performing? To answer that, you need KPIs. Here are the ones you should be tracking. Tags: Blog . Best Practices . SMS . Marketing . Posted on December 16, 2025 . How to build an IVR system for contact centers . Master how to create an IVR system with our user-friendly guide and step-by-step instructions for a seamless caller experience. Tags: Best Practices . Voice . Posted on December 12, 2025 . Club Med: Advancing CX for travel with WhatsApp and AI . Discover how Club Med is improving customer experience by meeting travelers where they already are – on WhatsApp. With AI-powered messaging, the brand sets a new standard for modern, conversational CX. Tags: Trends and Insights . WhatsApp Business . Spotlight . Posted on December 11, 2025 . A guide to Viber chatbots and how to build one . Join us for an introduction to Viber chatbots, including key features, what they can be used for, and most importantly – how to build one without needing to be a developer. Tags: Blog . Best Practices . Viber for Business . Posted on December 11, 2025 . WhatsApp statistics 2025: Global usage & market overview . Explore the most updated WhatsApp statistics, covering global usage, engagement, demographics, and business adoption trends for 2025. Tags: Trends and Insights . WhatsApp Business . Posted on December 10, 2025 . The ultimate guide to generative AI chatbots for customer service . Learn how generative AI, agentic AI, and agentic RAG technology are transforming CX. Explore use cases, benefits, risks, and best practices. Tags: Blog . Best Practices . Answers – Chatbot Builder . Customer Service . No results Get the latest insights and tips to elevate your business Subscribe UTM Campaign_FT UTM Medium_FT UTM Source_FT UTM Term_FT UTM Content_FT Channel Grouping_FT Referrer Page_FT Landing Page_FT UTM Campaign_LT UTM Medium_LT UTM Source_LT UTM Term_LT UTM Content_LT Channel Grouping_LT Landing Page_LT Referrer Page_LT Form Referrer Page_LT Form Submission Page_LT Visitor Key_GA Redirect Fbp Fbclid Gclid UTM AdGroup_FT UTM AdGroup_LT reCAPTCHA Score Amplitude Device ID Website Language GACLIENTID GATRACKID GAUSERID By subscribing, you consent to receive email marketing communications from INFOBIP. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time using the unsubscribe link provided in all INFOBIP’s email communications. For more information please read our Privacy Notice Business All products Customer engagement Cloud contact center Chatbot building Customer data platform Customer stories Blogs Documentation Downloads Startup Tribe Solutions Conversational solutions B2B platforms Digital natives Enterprise Wholesale Government Transportation Healthcare Financial services Retail & e-Commerce Company About us Certificates News & press Offices Policies Privacy Law enforcement requests Infobip Foundation Careers Infobip Research Projects Code of conduct Infobip position paper Service status External connectivity status Infrastructure Brandbook Glossary Contact Copyright @ 2006-2025 Infobip ltd. Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Short Code Terms of Use UK Tax Strategy Facebook X (formerly Twitter) LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Site language: English