Skip to main content
Browse
Tools
Games
Quizzes
Top 10s
Day In History
Search
The Magic of Movies

The silver screen has given us plenty of gems, from movie quotes to classic characters, life lessons to riveting storylines. Dive into the world of cinema with us!

The Best Movie Quotes of All Time!
Blockbuster Movie Songs
100 Best Anime Quotes (From Movies & TV!)

The Seasons

Explore the seasons with Infoplease!

Earth's Seasons
Understanding Equinoxes and Solstices Quiz
Earth: The Seasons

The Importance of Memorials

Memorials help preserve memories, honor lives, and reflect on the past. Whether it’s a national holiday or a small plaque, memorials help us connect with history and people who shaped it.


Memorial Day: Origins and Importance of Remembrance
Memorial Day Quiz
Poems by Emily Dickinson: Memorials

Back to School

It's that time of year again, when leaves are falling and the classrooms are ready to be re-filled with (hopefully) eager students.

Back to School Center
Back to School Movies Quiz
40 Back-to-School Inspirational Quotes

Quizzes

Want to test your knowledge? Show what you know with our quizzes on interesting topics from science to pop culture. See all

Pop Culture
How well do you know the Hogwarts' houses?
Pop Culture
How Well Do You Know the Zodiac Signs?
Geography
How Well Do You Know Antarctica?
History
How Well Do You Know Genghis Khan?
Geography
How Well Do You Know Canada?
Most Recent Quizzes
1.  How Well Do You Know Polynomial Classification?
2.  The Ultimate Geometry Quiz
3.  Latin Roots, Prefixes, and Suffixes Quiz
4.  The U.S. States Population Puzzler
5.  U.S. Leaders: Offices and Salaries
Today in History

A daily dose of fun facts, brain exercises, and news for smart people. See more

This Day in History
And Texas makes 28

Texas became the 28th state in the United States.

Check out more anniversaries
Weather of the Day
Record snows in Alaska

On this date in 1955, a 24-hour world record for snowfall was recorded at Thompson Pass,…

Learn More
Birthday of the Day
Andrew Johnson

Early Life Born in Raleigh, N.C., his father died when Johnson was 3, and at 14 he was…

Learn More
Word of the Day
genome
genome

As usual, Igor was looking forward to the annual genome seminar in Washington, DC, He…

Guess | See synonyms
Analogy of the Day
Test your analogy IQ

TABBY, CAT :: ____, jewelry

Guess Today's Analogy
News of the World
US offered Ukraine 15-year security guarantee, Zelensky says

The US and Ukrainian presidents both describe talks in Florida as "great" and "terrific"…

More news of the day | 2025 Current Events
Trending

Here are the facts and trivia that people are buzzing about.

World's Most Corrupt Leaders & Politicians
Western Christian Holidays, 2010-2030
The Best Movie Quotes of All Time!
Top 10 Biggest Waterfalls in the World (Tallest, Widest, & Most Volume!)
Books of the Bible: New Testament Books in Order
Animal Group Terminology
Encouraging curious minds for nearly a century.
About Us
Editorial Policy
Advertise with Infoplease
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Citing Infoplease
Do Not Sell My Info (for CA Residents)
Our Sources
Infoplease Jobs
Infoplease knows the value of having sources you can trust. Infoplease is a reference and learning site, combining the contents of an encyclopedia, a dictionary, an atlas and several almanacs loaded with facts. Our editors update and regularly refine this enormous body of information to bring you reliable information.
Infoplease is part of the Sandbox Learning family of educational and reference sites for parents, teachers and students.

Advertise on this site.

©2025 Sandbox Networks Inc. All rights reserved. Sandbox Learning is part of Sandbox & Co., a digital learning company.

 
Advertisement