INFOMIR – IPTV Set Top Box manufacturer - Infomir Global About Infomir Our products Contact us Hi-Tech solutions for your business Make your business work with Infomir products. We'll be glad to welcome your company as a partner. Who we are Infomir is a group of companies that specializes in industrial and consumer electronics. Our product range spans hi-tech solutions of internet television devices, smart lighting, and metering equipment. As a new service, we also offer industrial-scale 3D printing. 20 years in the market 4 international offices 4500 successful projects in 150 countries Our products As a leading developer and supplier of competitive, reliable, and lasting solutions, we are always looking to establish new partnerships. IPTV/OTT solutions Infomir develops and manufactures advanced equipment and software for IPTV/OTT businesses. Thousands of service providers in more than 150 countries use MAG set-top boxes and our middleware for their projects. The reliability, cost-effectiveness, and functionality of these products allows users to launch any project in the shortest time span and to obtain a fast return on their investment. Learn more Middleware Solutions Ministra PRO is an intuitive software solution designed for OTT and IPTV operators, offering seamless control over household devices, content, and tariffs. With its user-friendly interface, Ministra PRO empowers operators to manage their services effortlessly, ensuring smooth operations and enhanced customer satisfaction. Learn more Retail stores Infomir's official retail store offers a range of MAG devices, including those powered by Linux and Android TV™, power units, remote controls, and other accessories, both for retail and wholesale. At Infomir store, you can purchase top-quality devices with a warranty at recommended prices.  Devices are available to order from anywhere in Europe, USA and the MENA region. Your order will be promptly delivered to you once it has been placed. Europe USA MENA Smart city solutions Our Jooby Smart City solution helps companies and municipalities to establish remote-controlled street lighting systems and gather water, gas, heat and electricity resource-consumption data. What’s more, in the future, it can be used as a basis for other smart city subsystems. Learn more Makerly Industrial 3D Printing Services Infomir provides industrial 3D printing services under the Makerly brand, using a modern production line to create prototypes and ready-to-use parts for manufacturers, the medical sector, startups, and even other 3D printing studios. Makerly’s 3D printing workflow is based on Multi Jet Fusion powder-bed technology. This method makes it possible to produce items that many traditional and even additive manufacturing technologies cannot handle. MJF is the optimal choice for durable, highly detailed prototypes and small-batch production parts. Learn more Metering Solutions Matrix AMM is an advanced and innovative solution for capturing energy consumption data. Its multifunction MTX meters and software enable energy suppliers to read large numbers of industrial and domestic meters quickly and accurately. Both MATRIX AMM and MTX Meters are available and fully certified for use in Ukraine, Belarus, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan. Learn more Head Office Infomir’s head office and all the company's major departments are located in Tallinn, Estonia. Development, engineering, design, sales and talent recruitment are carried out here. Head Office Production Centre: Estonia, Tallinn, 10143, Kesklinna Linnaosa, Rävala pst. 8 Tel: +372 5190 5064 Global About Infomir Our products Contact us Global Privacy policy Cookie policy 2025 Infomir Group. All rights reserved