The Internet People - InfoWest Internet Services Customer Login Refer-A-Friend To Get $50! Learn More... 👉 435-674-0165 Residential Internet Check For Availability Wireless Fiber/Fiberwave SunRiver Fiber Business Internet Get Business Internet in Southern Utah – Call Now for Fiber and Wireless Managed IT Business Voice Other Services Security (Business & Home) InfoWest Voice Internet for Multi-Dwelling Units Managed Router Smart Biz Government/Public safety Event Internet ExperienceIQ ProtectIQ Community Supporting Our Neighbors About Us Careers Blog Espanol Blog Kids Innovate STEM Camp Contact Us Get $50 – Refer Friends to InfoWest! 31 Years of Local Internet Experience reliable internet from a company with over three decades of expertise. Flat rate pricing since 1994! Get InfoWest Internet Now Residential Internet Business Internet Fiber Up to 2 Gbps $ 100 /month The Ultimate Internet Experience. Mesh Units and Gigabit speed router included. Get Internet Now Fiber/Fiberwave Up to 1 Gbps $ 80 /month Stream 4K and connect multiple devices, able to handle all your internet needs. Commercial-grade router included. Get Internet Now Fiber/Fiberwave Up to 250 Mbps $ 65 /month 250M upload and download!  Download large files, and stream with ease. Get same upload and download speeds and the best customer support. Sign up today and get one month free!  Commercial-grade router included. Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 100 Mbps $ 85 /month Download 100 Mbps | UP to 20 Mpbs Upload.  Great for social networking, email, shopping, streaming music, HD videos and multi-player gaming. Router and equipment included! Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 35 Mbps $ 65 /month Download 35 Mbps | Up to 4 Mpbs Upload.  Supports multiple devices, great for social networking, email, shopping, streaming live music and HD videos. Router and equipment included! Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 25 Mbps $ 55 /month Download 25 Mbps | Up to 3 Mbps Upload, Support Multiple Devices, great for social networking, email, shopping and streaming music. Get Internet Now Fiber Up to 2 Gbps $ 500 /month The ultimate in speed 2Gig upload and download. 3 Year contract price call now for more pricing options. Get Internet Now Fiber/FiberWave Up to 1 Gbps $ 300 /month Able to handle your connectivity needs. 3 Year contract price call now for more pricing options. Get Internet Now Fiber Up to 500 Mbps $ 200 /month Great for multiple POS (point of sale machines) and 2-5 computers working at a time.
Able to handle security cameras and smart devices. 3 Year contract price call now for more pricing options. Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 200 Mbps $ 120 /month Perfect for small businesses with basic connectivity needs. Great for POS (point of sale) machines, multiple computers, and more advanced cameras and security. Compatible with VoIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol). Call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract. Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 100 Mbps $ 90 /month Stream videos on multiple devices, use POS (point of sale) systems, support three or four users, and manage a standard office security system with room to increase your VoIP phone capacity. Call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract. Get Internet Now Wireless Up to 50 Mbps $ 60 /month Great for your small business or office, ideal for your POS (point of sale) system, VoIP phones, and up to two computers streaming music. Call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract. Get Internet Now Need more speed? Or a Large Business? Give us a call: 435-674-0165 x 5 Get Speeds up to 10Gbps VoIP and security also available The Ultimate Internet Experience CHECK OUT OUR GOOGLE REVIEWS! Learn More About Our Referral Program! Leaving Your Home for the Season? With Snowbird Mode , you can lower your internet bill while you’re away—whether it’s for a few days, a few months, or even a few years—without losing connection to your smart devices. Enjoy peace of mind knowing your security cameras, thermostats, and other essentials stay online while you're away. Call us for more details! Your Neighborhood Internet Experts Since 1994, InfoWest has delivered the Ultimate Internet Experience, expanding beyond internet services to include VoIP, Home Security, and IT solutions. Internet for Multi-Dwelling Units We build and maintain custom fast, easy-to-use networks for apartment and condo complexes as well as hotels and motels from Orem to St. George. We take the work out of the network for owners and managers. Government/Public safety When reliable communication is a must, we do our part to provide dedicated communication services to our government agencies including Fire Departments, Police Stations, First Responders, Municipal Offices and more! Special Events Does your event need reliable internet connection? InfoWest now offers up to 1 Gig of internet for custom outdoor and temporary events. We have provided service for races, concerts, non-profits and more! Contact us today to see if InfoWest can cover your event. Security We provide home security, home video surveillance, and home automation. There are also many additional add-ons like thermostat control, lighting control, door locking, garage control, remote access, and outlet control. The options to protect and monitor your property are virtually endless! SmartBiz With SmartBiz, you get enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, built-in network security, guest insights, and business-boosting analytics, all without the complexity or high costs of traditional IT solutions. Elevate your customer experience, streamline operations, and ensure always-on connectivity with InfoWest’s SmartBiz. HOA Fiber Is Here! We provide top-quality, high-speed internet for HOA's. You Can Rely on our Decades of Providing Internet to Thousands of Property Owners and Residents in Home Owner's Associations. We build and maintain custom fast, easy-to-use networks for associations, apartment and condo complexes, as well as hotels and motels from Orem to St. George. InfoWest Voice Our cloud based business phone systems are perfectly suited for all office sizes. InfoWest Hosted Phones have the power and flexibility of the most advanced systems on the market yet still fit into your budget. 1 phone or 1,000 phones we’ve got you covered. InfoWest Services Need internet at an event, arena or somewhere else? We’ve got you covered. InfoWest supplies internet to events both big and small.

We provide wiring services, and other low voltage services need your IT problems solved?
We’ve got the answers. InfoWest Managed IT Services InfoWest’s Managed IT Services provide local businesses with reliable support, proactive monitoring, and secure technology solutions tailored to their needs. From 24/7 help desk assistance to hardware-as-a-service and data protection, our expert IT team helps your business stay connected, secure, and productive. Business Voice Our cloud based business phone systems are perfectly suited for all office sizes. InfoWest Hosted Phones have the power and flexibility of the most advanced systems on the market yet still fit into your budget. 1 phone or 1,000 phones we’ve got you covered. Meet the Internet People December 22, 2025 • Blog Top 10 Christmas Movies to Stream with Fast, Reliable Internet The holiday season in Southern Utah is the perfect time to slow down, gather... December 18, 2025 • Espanol Las Fiestas Modernas: Tradiciones Que Necesitan Internet Las Fiestas Modernas: Tradiciones Que Necesitan Internet¡La temporada de fiestas ya está aquí oficialmente!... December 12, 2025 • Blog The Modern Holiday: Traditions That Need the Internet The holidays are officially here! And let’s be honest.. What we look forward to... The InfoWest family With InfoWest, you get neighbor-approved internet. InfoWest’s team of local internet experts brings you the internet you’ll love. Get local support and offices in St. George, Cedar City, Richfield, and Overton. Give us a call or stop by our office to get flat-rate pricing, no contracts, and the Ultimate Internet Experience. Local. Local customer support. 24/7 Monitoring. No Extra Fees. The Internet People You don’t stay in business for over 30 years without a great team. InfoWest team members are passionate, experienced and dedicated to delivering exceptional service and care. You can rest assured that we always ready to serve you. Fred Relationship Development Laiza Marketing Specialist Simon Field Equipment Recovery Specialist Jeff Field Ops Installer Laura Business Development Zack Support Technician Trevor Network Admin Sara Customer Service James NOC Manager Jeff Support Ops Manager You're in Good Company InfoWest has been providing high-speed internet to Southern Utah for 30 years! Since 1994, we’ve continued to grow and expand across Southern Utah. In 2010, we took a big step by bringing reliable internet to communities in Southern Nevada that needed it most. We care about our communities and love serving our neighbors and local community. We would love to hear from you. Click below to contact us Get InfoWest Internet Today! Packages Residential Internet Get Business Internet in Southern Utah – Call Now for Fiber and Wireless Company Contact About Us Careers Terms and Conditions Community Supporting Our Local Communities Blog St. George, Ivins, Santa Clara, Washington, Mesquite, Overton, Logandale, Moapa, Cedar City, Hurricane, Parowan, Rockville, Beaver, New Harmony, Kannarville, Milford, Enoch, Springdale, Minersville, Brigham City, Layton, Lindon, Midvale, Murray, Orem, West Valley, Payson, Perry, Tremonton, Richfield, Salina, Monroe, Diamond Valley, Dammeron Valley, Veyo, Central, Pine Valley, Enterprise, Winchester Hills, Apple Valley, Virgin, Toquerville, La Verkin, Leeds, Beaver Dam, Scenic, Brookside, Littlefield, Summit, Marysvale, Joseph, Annabella, Elsinore, Central Valley, Venice, Sigurd, Aurora, Redmond, Axtell, Centerfield, Gunnison, Manti, Ephraim, Beryl, Glendale, Centerville, Clearfield, Morgan City, West Point Copyright © 1994 - 2025 • InfoWest angle-down