Informer Technologies, Inc.
Projects
Blog
About
Contacts
DMCA
Informer Technologies, Inc.
Informer Technologies Inc. is a leading web 2.0/3.0 development company which consists of several multinational programming teams, led by a group of experienced Internet enthusiasts that went into online business several years ago and worked in this industry following each of its changes during the 2000s.
Our projects
software.informer
Up-to-date information about all software you use. Keep in touch with the latest IT trends.
answers.informer
A place where people find their answers. Ask away!
mac.informer
One-stop resource dedicated to Mac applications.
punbb.informer
Fast and lightweight PHP-powered discussion board.
feed.informer
Automatically update news and feeds for your websites.
formac.informer
Discover the best Mac alternatives to your favourite Windows software.
idea.informer
Great tool to improve your site! Idea Informer is a powerful feedback management tool.
website.informer
Complete information about any website.
Show more
Latest news
Merry Christmas and a fantastic Happy New Year 2025 to all!
As the year 2024 comes to a close, once again, it's time to look back and reflect on the journey we've had. The year has been action-packed, filled with new endeavors and significant accomplishments, all of which have been possible due to your support and active participation.

December 24, 2024

Welcome Software Informer 1.6
We're delighted to announce the 1.6 release of Software Informer Client. It features a new modern design, various improvements, enhanced user experience, and better stability. Specifically, Windows 11 users will experience fewer compatibility issues. Minor bugs have been fixed in this version.

September 25, 2024

Software Informer website has been updated
We are thrilled to announce that the Software Informer website has undergone a major redesign. With a sleek and contemporary layout, the new design optimizes functionality for mobile devices and boasts vastly improved search capabilities.

March 30, 2023

Show more
About us

We specialize in social network-related projects and widget-related web services. Informer.com is one of our websites, and we plan to develop existing projects and add some new ones, so constantly check this website for updates and new features. Of course, that’s not all we do: we work with open-source technologies and support some open-source projects, we work with freeware and support freeware projects, too.

We constantly look for new opportunities in the Internet world and try to capitalize on those. We are open for partnerships and interesting investment opportunities, as well as other great business offers and ideas. Please do not spam us with outsourcing proposals.

Copyright © 2008 - 2025 Informer Technologies, Inc.