Home | Informa Connect You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. This site is part of the Informa Connect Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About Us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. About Us Our Story Marketing Solutions Careers Sustainability Contact Us We are Informa Connect Live events, digital content and training for professionals who want to achieve more. Search live and on-demand events, training and other content search east See upcoming events arrow_downward Choose your interest Find out about our industry events, digital content, and on-demand experiences, providing you with exceptional insights, connections, and commercial edge. east Popular Finance Featuring: east Popular Biotech & Pharma Featuring: east Popular Foodservice, Retail & Hospitality Featuring: east Popular Real Estate Featuring: east Agriculture Featuring: east Buildings & Construction east Education Featuring: east Energy & Resources Featuring: east Events, Travel, Sports east Healthcare & Payer Markets Featuring: east HR Featuring: east Law & Regulation Featuring: east Maritime Featuring: east Market Research Featuring: east Marketing, Sales & Communications Featuring: east Media & Entertainment east Medical Devices & Diagnostics Featuring: east Pop Culture and Creative Industries east Security & Defence east Technology east Telecoms Browse all interests expand_more Attend one of our 450 international events Featuring : View all events east Attended by 12,000 business professionals Learn and elevate your career with over 800 courses Powered by : View our training courses east Recognised by leaders in industry Upcoming events Attend our next events, either in person, online or on-demand. Choose an Interest Browse All Events east Commercial & Multi-Residential Real Estate Winter Real Estate Private Funds 21 Jan, 2026 3 days Laguna Beach, CA Book Now east Join the annual Winter Real Estate Private Funds this winter and acquire essential knowledge on the latest trends, fund launches, emerging asset classes, innovative products, and key markets. Book Now east Meetings & Medical Communications Pharma Forum 22 Mar, 2026 4 days Boston MA, US Book Now east Sponsored By: Join Pharma Forum, the premier 20+ year conference for medical meeting professionals. Connect with pharma, biotech & healthcare event planners through innovative strategies, networking & education. Book Now east Wealth & Investment Management RIA Edge Nashville 14 Apr, 2026 2 days Nashville, TN Book Now east RIA Edge Nashville is an event that helps leaders of RIA firms learn how to create intentional, scalable and repeatable growth – while also understanding how to build a firm that is designed to thrive over the next decade and beyond. Book Now east Strategy & Innovation FinovateSpring 5 May, 2026 3 days San Diego CA, US Book Now east See the future of fintech. Join 1200+ leaders, with over half from financial institutions at the West Coast's leading fintech event. See cutting-edge banking and financial technology at the only fintech event with a unique, short-form, demo format. 50+ companies demoing. 100+ expert speakers. Book Now east Featured Speakers Jane Fonda Keynote speaker, actor, activist, philanthropist, and author. Winner of two Oscars, and Emmy nomination for the longest-running series on Netflix. Join our Speaker Club east Featured Speakers Dr Bernice King The daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Dr. Bernice Albertine King is a connector, communicator, community builder and CEO of The King Center. Join our Speaker Club east Featured Speakers Keisha Lance Bottoms The 60th Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia, and a visionary leader in bringing equitable outcomes to the forefront of government and commerce. Join our Speaker Club east Featured Speakers Dan Levy A multi-hyphenate Emmy award winning showrunner, writer, actor, director, and producer who has built his career telling vibrant and comedic stories. Join our Speaker Club east Join Join the speaker programme CenterStage, the resource and reward program for subject matter experts, dedicated to placing talent in spotlight. Join CenterStage east Previous Next Upcoming Courses Attend our training courses, either in person, online or on-demand. Choose an Interest Browse All Courses east Strategy & Innovation BSI - Balanced Scorecard Professional (BSP) Certification Bootcamp 25 Jan, 2026 5 days +   Feb Jun more Dubai, UAE Gold Coast Live Digital Find out more east In association with: Get your Balanced Scorecard Certification at Informa Connect. Learn practical skills in strategic alignment and organisational performance improvement Find out more east Strategy & Innovation EFQM Certified Assessor 1 Feb, 2026 5 days +   May Jul more Dubai, UAE Live Digital Find out more east In association with: Elevate your expertise and gain a globally recognised accreditation as an EFQM Certified Assessor. Find out more east Procurement, Supply & Logistics Contract Law Fundamentals for Non-Lawyers 24 Feb, 2026 2 days +   Mar May more Perth, Australia Sydney, Australia Live Digital Find out more east Learn contract review and fundamentals for non-lawyers. Join Informa Connect Academy for in-depth training. Enroll now to boost your legal skills. Find out more east Essentials of Rail Signalling Starting 2 Feb, 2026 Online +  Starting in Jun Scheduled Digital Find out more east Develop critical rail signalling expertise with our Essentials of Rail Signalling training course. Learn local standards, technologies, and safety protocols tailored to Australia's unique rail network. | Informa Connect Academy. Find out more east Brought to you by Engage with more than 698,000 industry peers Featuring : Start networking east Join 2,000 industry leaders Watch more than 600 expert videos Powered by : Take a look east Seen by more than 4,000 professionals Speak alongside more than 11,000 global experts Powered By : Join our speaker club east Valued by leaders in your industry Read more than 2,800 expert articles Featuring : Visit our library east Relied on by specialists worldwide Trending News & Insights See what your industry is talking about right now. Choose an Interest Browse All News & Insights east Destination Marketing DMOs Offer a Taste of the City With Cookbooks Read More east Risk Management What happens when AI stops asking permission? Read More east Private Capital Macro shifts, market signals: What’s powering Africa’s next phase? Read More east Risk Management PwC’s global banking risk survey: What risks should be on CROs’ minds? Read More east About Informa Connect Providing professionals with access to extraordinary people and exceptional insight. Previous Our culture Our people frame our thinking and guide our work Join our team east Inclusion Diversity brings more experience, more voices and more talent Find out more east Community We embrace our responsibility for our planet and our fellows Find out more east Sustainability We are taking steps to become a more sustainable company Find out more east Our culture Our people frame our thinking and guide our work Join our team east Inclusion Diversity brings more experience, more voices and more talent Find out more east Community We embrace our responsibility for our planet and our fellows Find out more east Sustainability We are taking steps to become a more sustainable company Find out more east Our culture Our people frame our thinking and guide our work Join our team east Inclusion Diversity brings more experience, more voices and more talent Find out more east Community We embrace our responsibility for our planet and our fellows Find out more east Next Latest Videos 00:01:01 The world of Finovate Watch Now east Finovate conferences showcase cutting-edge banking and financial technology through a unique blend of short-form demos and key insights from thought-leaders. Watch Now east 00:08:11 Revolutionizing cross-border payments: the next frontier Watch Now east Join Kevin Brown, CMO and Head of Corporate Development for Onbe, as delves into emerging trends in digital payments, the ongoing relevance of paper checks, and the potential of AI in revolutionizing payment systems. He also sheds light on the importance of context-driven payout choices and the future of cross-border payments. Watch Now east 00:11:54 Recognizing the signs of a crash with Linda Yueh, Oxford University Watch Now east Join Linda Yueh, Fellow in Economics at Oxford University, as she discusses insights from her book 'The Great Crashes: Lessons from Global Meltdowns and How to Prevent Them'. In this episode, Yueh outlines a three-step framework for identifying and mitigating financial crises, discusses the current economic landscape including potential risk areas like China's property sector, shadow banking, and high interest rates. She also explores the impact of big tech and decentralized finance on traditional financial systems and highlights the importance of competition and innovation in fostering economic growth. 

https://informaconnect.com/finovateeurope/ Watch Now east 00:06:10 Craft authentic designs with these AI tools Watch Now east The dawn of AI has prompted uncertainty surrounding the future of the design industry as generative tools have a flair for creativity. But can designers actually work with AI to create more authentic work?
In this video Amy Balliett, Sr. Fellow of Visual Strategy at Material, answers this crucial question by examining some of the AI tools on offer today and  explores the strategies for preserving originality in visual content through AI. Watch Now east Search All Video 4168 east Brought to you by Quick Links Home About Us Our Story Marketing Solutions Careers Sustainability Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Terms of Use Code of Conduct CCPA: Do not sell my personal info Copyright © 2025 Informa Limited. Registered in England & Wales with number 01835199, registered office 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG.