Infragistics UI Controls and Tools For Developers and UX Pros New Release: See What's New in Infragistics Ultimate 25.2 Learn More Learn More × North American Sales: 1-800-231-8588 Global Contacts My Account Menu North American Sales: 1-800-231-8588 My Account Sign In/Register Design & Development Design & Develop Best Value Bundles Infragistics Ultimate $2,355 The only complete UX/UI toolkit for building high performance, modern web, mobile and desktop applications. Infragistics Professional $1,575 The comprehensive UI components library for web, mobile and desktop developers. Ignite UI $1,355 A complete library of UI components for building modern, data-rich and responsive web apps. Web App Builder (New) Ignite UI Angular React Web Components Blazor Ultimate UI for ASP.NET Core Ultimate UI for ASP.NET MVC Ultimate UI for jQuery Ultimate UI for ASP.NET Web Forms Desktop Ultimate UI for Windows Forms Ultimate UI for WPF Cross Platform Ultimate UI for Uno Ultimate UI for UWP Ultimate UI for WinUI Ultimate UI for Xamarin Design to Code App Builder (New) Indigo.Design Design System & UI Kits Automated Testing Tools Test automation for Micro Focus UFT: Windows Forms Test automation for Micro Focus UFT: WPF Test automation for IBM RFT: Windows Forms UX App Builder Cloud-based WYSIWYG Drag & Drop Tool, Endless Theming options and Standards-Based Code Output Indigo.Design A Unified Platform for Visual Design, UX Prototyping, Code Generation, and App Development Business Intelligence Reveal Easily embed beautiful data visualizations into your apps Slingshot Empower everyone in your organization to use data to make smarter business decisions Team Productivity Slingshot Connect everyone you work with to data, project management, content and chats for better results. SharePlus Secure, instant access to content and data on the go – with or without connectivity. Learn & Support Support Help & Support Documents Blogs Forums Product Ideas Reference Applications Customer Stories Webinars eBook & Whitepapers Events Free Trials Pricing Product Pricing / Buy Online Contact Us Your Privacy Matters : We use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience on our website. By continuing to use the website we understand that you accept their use. Cookie Policy OK Your Privacy Matters We use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience on our website. They also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you. Please review our Cookie Policy and cookie settings below. Manage settings OK Privacy Preferences When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form ot cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy. you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Accept All NECESSARY Essential cookies for login data and good site performance. FUNCTIONAL Cookies that support website functionality and features. ANALYTICS Cookies, provided by our third-party advertising partners, collect information about your browsing habits. ADVERTISING Cookies used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. Decline All Confirm My Choices Create simplicity and beauty in the world one app at a time. Create simplicity and beauty in the world one app at a time. With the Right Tools, You Can Create Amazing Experiences. Our passion for craftsmanship comes from the desire to deliver simple and beautiful experiences that drive productivity across your digital product teams, and that enable data-driven, high-performing teams across your entire organization. Built with care and attention to every small detail, from our learned expertise over the last three decades. Design & Development Deliver apps in half the time with Infragistics Ultimate! With hundreds of UI controls & components, the fastest data grids and data charts for every popular web & desktop platform, plus a complete design-to-code platform including a web-based WYSIWYG drag & drop IDE. Learn More Embedded Analytics Empower everyone in your organization to make smarter business decisions and take actions based on predictive data. Reveal makes it easy to embed analytics into your apps and easily connect to modern cloud platforms like Microsoft Azure, Google Big Query, and AWS. Learn More Work Management Slingshot goes beyond work management and connects everyone in your business to your data in one streamlined platform. It organizes projects, content, and chats to drive better team results. Allowing everyone to use data to make faster decisions, adapt quickly, and get to market sooner. Learn More Stories That Truly Matter More than two million developers use Infragistics UX and UI toolkits to support and accelerate their application development. Cibao Meat Products Increases Cash Flow, Saves Time with Slingshot As a champion of Slingshot, Heinz is in the process of onboarding all the different departments within the company to create Production-Based dashboards, Active Sales Accounts KPI’s, and a Factbird Operational Dashboard. Read the Story Scriptly Helps Pharmacies Identify Trends in Real Time with Reveal With Reveal built into Scriptly, pharmacies can access up-to-the-minute data, spot trends in patients, prescribers, and prescriptions, and customize dashboards to see relevant data. Reveal’s embedded analytics solution removed the need for manual reporting. Read the Story Maintaining uptime at leading industrial plants globally Every second of downtime at a power plant, oil and gas platform, or renewable energy facility is costly. Bently Nevada keeps the leading industrial producers running 24x7 with a state-of-the-art condition monitoring system that runs on Infragistics Ultimate UI for WPF software. Read the Story Bringing modern Angular look and feel to bank’s essential pricing application A prominent UK investment bank used Infragistics’ high-performing Ignite UI toolkit with 65+ Angular components to add a modern, user-friendly UI and very fast data grids to critical software in its new Risk and Finance Solutions division. Read the Story Ideas That Inspire. Discover What's New. Cibao Meat Products Increases Cash Flow, Saves Time with Slingshot As a champion of Slingshot, Heinz is in the process of onboarding all the different departments within the company to create Production-Based dashboards, Active Sales Accounts KPI’s, and a Factbird Operational Dashboard. Read Now Scriptly Helps Pharmacies Identify Trends in Real Time with Reveal With Reveal built into Scriptly, pharmacies can access up-to-the-minute data, spot trends in patients, prescribers, and prescriptions, and customize dashboards to see relevant data. Reveal’s embedded analytics solution removed the need for manual reporting. Read Now Angular Essentials RefCard Getting Started This RefCard will review Angular essentials and cover pivotal concepts behind this ever-growing application platform. From Angular’s basic architecture to property and event binding, this RefCard highlights the foundational and advanced topics needed for successful app development in Angular. Read Now Stay Current with the Latest News and Features See all news and articles October 6, 2025 Why as a VP of Marketing I'm All in on Artificial Intelligence Most AI tools stop at dashboards. The smartest CMOs are using them to drive strategy, not just reporting. As more businesses start to integrate AI into their operations, marketing leaders are facing a new kind of challenge. It’s no longer just about whether to adopt AI—it’s about figuring out which tools go beyond providing surface-level insights to actually drive meaningful, strategic growth. Read More October 13, 2025 AI Skills Required for App Development According to App Builder Report App Builder has released the second part of findings from its two-part 2025 App Development Trends Report. The new research reveals that close to 90% of tech leaders are using AI in app development––and they expect developers to have a skill set to match. Read More May 29, 2025 Infragistics Ultimate 25.1 Includes Updates Across Its UI Toolkit Components The latest release includes major updates to Infragistics' UX/UI platform, adding new features to the low-code App Builder and several components across the Ignite UI toolbox. With AI-powered view generation, new Indigo UI Kit, enhanced Grid performance, and more development capabilities for Angular, React, Web Components, and Blazor, users can now build high-quality apps easier and faster... Read More May 13, 2025 Dean Guida's Remarkable Journey in Technology Leadership Celebrating Dean Guida's achievements with an impressive recognition of his exceptional leadership in technology industry. The company founder and book author has been honored as Technology Executive of the Year within the esteemed American Business Awards. Dean's flexibility and innovative spirit are showcased throughout his extensive career spanning over three decades. Read More Working Together and Pushing Boundaries Rutgers University React Framework Angular Framework Stevens Institute Technology Supporting the Next Generation of Leaders in STEM Infragistics has partnered with Rutgers Division of Continuing Studies, supporting students and faculty with access to its full portfolio of UX, UI and Analytics software including Infragistics Ultimate, Indigo.Design and Reveal. Read More "We are thrilled to be able to offer our students, faculty and staff Infragistics software solutions that will accelerate their design, development, and collaboration efforts." Lee Pagenkopf, Founding Manager, Rutgers Makerspace Serving the Microsoft and .NET Ecosystem As a Gold Microsoft partner, Infragistics continues to be an active leader in the Microsoft developer ecosystem, providing controls, components and tools to streamline development of .NET applications on any platform or device. "Infragistics has been a Microsoft partner for almost 3 decades.  Through this close-knit relationship we’ve not only built technology that Microsoft has used in their products, but we’ve embraced and extended Microsoft platforms to deliver the tools and frameworks backed by .NET that our joint customers use as they build the next generation of enterprise applications." Jason Beres, Chief Operating Officer, Infragistics Proud Contributor to and Supporter of Angular Infragistics is an active contributor to the Angular ecosystem, working directly with the Angular team at Google to contribute to the open source Angular components, while also providing the most complete commercial library of Material-based, Angular-native UI components, Ignite UI for Angular. Read More "In the end I was really happy with my work. I learned a lot….finding that the people responsible for the project are open to new ideas and very friendly… and the feeling that you are contributing to a project used by tens of thousands of engineers is great." Milko Venkov, Software Developer, Infragistics Supporting the Next Generation of Developers and Entrepreneurs The Stevens Venture Center (SVC) is an innovative entrepreneurship ecosystem designed to connect Stevens entrepreneurs with infrastructure, resources and funding assistance so they can develop sustainable and successful commercial enterprises based on either Stevens-derived or individually conceived technologies. Read More "We are grateful for the support from partners like Infragistics, which are willing to share their technology and UX/UI expertise." Premal Kamdar, Entrepreneur in Residence at the Stevens Venture Center On-Demand Webinar The Next Era of Modern Apps in 2026 December 13th 11:00 AM ЕТ Watch the replay of our developer-focused session highlighting the biggest 2025 advancements in App Builder and Ignite UI — including powerful AI features, blazing-fast performance gains, seamless Reveal embedded analytics, and our game-changing open-source initiative with 50+ free controls. Plus, get an exclusive look at the Q1 2026 roadmap: deeper AI integrations, enhanced grids, new charting capabilities, and more tools to supercharge your Angular, React, Blazor, and Web Components apps. Watch On Demand Now Products Design & Development UX Pros Embedded Analytics Work Management View All Free Trials Learn & Support Help & API Docs Blogs Technical Support Chat Forums Product Ideas Submit a Request Service Health My Account Manage My Subscriptions Support Requests Compare Angular Compare Blazor Compare Corporate About Us Careers Legal News & Events Partners The best blogs, whitepapers, and other development resources Unfortunately, Google has considered you a bot. If you have an account, please sign in to validate your status and fill form out again. Alternatively, please feel free to contact sales@infragistics.com to obtain the asset you were looking for or choose to schedule a demo of our products. Email Country I understand and agree to the terms of infragistics' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy This site is protected by reCATPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply SIGN ME UP! Thank you for subscribing. Look for an email from team@Infragistics.com for the latest news for Developers, UX, and Business Teams. Privacy Policy (updated) Cookies Terms of Use (updated) © Copyright 2025 INFRAGISTICS. All Rights Reserved Back to top of page