Init7 – Fastest fiber optic Internet up to 25 Gbit/s Menu Private Business 25 Years Init7 Internet Fiber7 Easy7 Other services Hardware Why Init7 TV TV7 TV7 channels Zattoo TV Support / FAQ FAQ Router information Helpline / opening hours Change of address First Aid Infrastructure Fiber7 PoPs Ftth Map Technology Tools Why Init7 About Init7 Company History Social responsibility Partners / Memberships Jobs Media Recommend Init7 Business Infrastructure Fiber7 PoPs Datacenter Backbone Tools Offer Internet Datacenter Access Backup7 Ethernet7 Dark Fiber BGP Site Networking Hardware Service & Contact Partner area nerd mode nerd mode DE FR IT EN DE FR IT EN Private Business 25 Years Init7 Internet Fiber7 Easy7 Other services Hardware Why Init7 TV TV7 TV7 channels Zattoo TV Support / FAQ FAQ Router information Helpline / opening hours Change of address First Aid Infrastructure Fiber7 PoPs Ftth Map Technology Tools Why Init7 About Init7 Company History Social responsibility Partners / Memberships Jobs Media Recommend Init7 Business Infrastructure Fiber7 PoPs Datacenter Backbone Tools Offer Internet Datacenter Access Backup7 Ethernet7 Dark Fiber BGP Site Networking Hardware Service & Contact Partner area nerd mode nerd mode Private Fiber Optic Check Check my address Street No., Postcode City Check Cancel Check OTO ID Help The OTO ID is a unique identification code on the OTO socket. Check my address OTO ID Check Cancel Check address We were unable to check the given information! Please check if your entry is correct. You have entered invalid characters for your OTO ID. Allowed are upper case characters, numbers and full stops. Please select one of the suggested addresses in the dropdown. The Init7 API is currently unavailable, please try again later. No results found. Please wait Check other address Order now The best internet in Switzerland Whether you're an average internet user, a nerd or a business customer: with us you surf without a care in the world! Enjoy high-performance Internet from the best Internet provider in Switzerland. with up to 25 Gbit/s downstream and 25 Gbit/s upstream. Order now! Check your address in the Fiber Optic Check and order internet access that delivers what it promises. Easy7 Unpack, connect, surf. The best Internet. Without bells and whistles. Up to 1/1 Gbit/sec (download/upload) Incl. FRITZ!Box 5530 or FRITZ!Box 7682 (loan device) Easy7 and Zattoo TV with Zattoo Home even more advantageous CHF 44/month with yearly billing (CHF 528/year) Setup fee: CHF 77 Learn more Fiber7 Fulfills all wishes and makes the nerd heart flutter. Free router selection is a matter of course. 10 or 25 Gbit/s Incl. TV7 CHF 64.75/month with yearly billing (CHF 777.-/year) Setup fee: CHF 77 or CHF 222 (25 Gbit/s) Learn more Fiber7 Business Tailor-made Internet for large companies and SMEs. You choose what you need. 10 or 25 Gbit/s Incl. managed device Incl. 1 fixed IPv4 address From CHF 111/month with yearly billing (CHF 1332.-/year) Learn more Eight Years in a Row: 1st Place in the BILANZ Telecom Rating We are proud to have received the gold medal in the BILANZ Telecom Rating for the eighth consecutive time in the category “Best Internet Provider for Private Customers”! Blog Press releases FAQ Contact Fine Print Jobs Newsletter Status Mirror Init7 on Facebook Init7 on Linkedin Init7 on Instagram