INJ Home Features Projects Contact Business Automatization Automation is everywhere in
              today's business world. The right software can greatly increase
              the speed, efficiency and accuracy of processes like marketing,
              support and logistics. Our Unique Features Our software developers are passionate about your success. Impact mapping Impact mapping is a strategic planning technique that helps to focus on important things while building products. Clean Code We deliver the code that is easy to understand and easy to
                change. Classes and methods are small, the code is easy to
                extend and refactor. Punctuality In custom programming being on time is a challenge. We utilize
                Agile Development appoach to ensure the project's deadline is
                met. Powerful User interface Design User interface helps us to do many complex things quickly,
                which means it saves you a lot of time Sample screenshots from our new app People get attracted to beautiful things ... even with fewer features We use interface elements with a clear meaning and provide
              constant feedback of actions. --> Our Projects We offer custom software development. This
                type of software tightly fits the requirements of the clients
                and depends upon their business needs. Unlike off-the-shelf
                solutions that change the existing business process, these
                applications are custom developed to fit specific business. Japanese Yahoo Auction Big Data Over one billion files We developped the statictics service based on the information
              from Yahoo auction. The data includes images and detailed
              descriptions of the items like condition, number of bids and
              prices. One of the challenges was the storage system for that huge
              amount of data. Conventional approach like storing files in
              subfolders turned out to be very slow and we searched for better
              solutions. Machine Translation from Japanese translation service Speak to customers in their own language After profound research including neural networks, we created
              innovative machine translation service for Japanese. It translates
              description of goods from Japanese very fast, it takes
              less then 0.5 second for a page. WMS Warehouse management system Different sizes, weight and categories The right WMS software reduces operating expenses and makes it
              easier to continually improve the processes. We focused on
              maximizing labor resources and increasing employee morale by
              introducing better work environment. We also optimized various
              business processes using variety of best-fit algorithms. About Us Custom programming services and software development © 2017 - INJ FZCO [email protected] Newsletter Stay update with our latest