Inkling | Empower Your Workers | Frontline Employee Training Support Platform Design For Your Success Inkling puts knowledge to work on the job with accessible, engaging content that delivers business results. See The Platform THE INKLING DIGITAL LEARNING PLATFORM Knowledge & Training Home & Featured Content InkForms Content Authoring LMS Integrations Learning Pathways Reporting & Analytics Mobile Learning Platform Knowledge & Training Home & Featured Content Content Authoring Learning Pathways InkForms Mobile Learning LMS Integrations Reporting & Analytics Problems We Solve Onboarding Mission Critical Communication Content Authoring Employee Enablement Skills Development Digital Standard Operating Procedures Reducing Turnover Compliance Brand Protection Sales Enablement Extended Enterprise Industries Grocery Hospitality Healthcare Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Publishing and Education Restaurants Retail Technology Why Inkling Success Stories About Partners Articles Product Tour Pricing Plans Blog Request a Meeting Transform Your Learning with Inkling has joined Echo360 to transform learning for millions of frontline workers, students, and learners around the world. With Inkling, Echo360’s suite of learning engagement solutions will be further enriched with: Advanced authoring tools A user-friendly mobile interface Content-rich, customized learning pathways Real time analytics to boost learner performance Read Press Release Inkling & Echo360 Have an Inkling to learn more? Visit echo360.com Revolutionize Your Operational Training Choose the pathway below, customized for your learners and their specific challenges. Frontline Workers Content Authors Management What You're Looking to Solve Onboarding Employee Enablement Reducing Turnover The Solutions You Need Learning Pathways Knowledge and Training Advanced Analytics What You're Looking to Solve Critical Communication Digital SOPs Content Authoring The Solutions You Need Learning Pathways Knowledge and Training Habitat What You're Looking to Solve Reducing Turnover Onboarding Skills Development The Solutions You Need Learning Pathways Knowledge and Training Advanced Analytics Measure Your Employee Training Impact Calculate your ROI The Inkling Platform​ Digital Transformation with People in Mind​ The Inkling modern learning experience platform gives your workforce a consumer-grade experience with enterprise-scale control. Knowledge and Training Content Authoring Learning Pathways InkForms Mobile Learning Integration Reporting & Analytics No one has time nowadays to sit in a classroom to hopefully retain content. We’ll get your employees up to speed quickly, and get them learning and improving on the job Learn More With Inkling Habitat, you get intuitive, collaborative authoring for quick content creation and updates. Learn More Inkling Learning Pathways powers structured learning with courses, trainer sign-off, teams, and automated assignments. Learn More Give employees clear direction about day-to-day tasks  with embedded training and gain more visibility into operations. Learn More Put information to get the job done in the hands of employees — anytime, anywhere, on any device. Learn More Inkling Connect gives you an Integration as a service platform  for integration, including xAPI, HRIS, LMS, CRM, and other operational systems. Learn More Get real-time insights across employees and locations to improve training and communication effectiveness and connect training results to business outcomes. Learn More What We Do We Solve Real Problems Inkling provides frontline employee training with mission-critical knowledge for YOUR essential, frontline workers, serving as THEIR employee companion to confidently serve YOUR customers, YOUR way. Mobile Learning Unlock success for your workforce by harnessing the power of Inkling's mobile learning platform, enabling on-the-job learning anytime, anywhere. Learn More Habitat Harness your business knowledge with our lightning-fast content authoring solution, slashing development time by up to 60% and curbing training costs. Learn More Guided Learning Transform your certification journey with seamless mobile learning pathways; say goodbye to clunky LMS systems and hello to intuitive, work-integrated training. Learn More Inkforms Provide your team with crystal-clear direction and elevate their performance with our mission-critical operational workflows, designed to provide valuable knowledge, training, and insights. Learn More Knowledge & Training Embrace a modern approach to knowledge acquisition that prioritizes practical, on-the-job learning. Learn More Reporting & Analytics Empower data-driven decisions to enhance results and drive business success. Learn More Home & Featured Content Tailor your training experience with precision by highlighting specific pages, chapters, and documents. Learn More Integrations Seamlessly connect your LMS, LXP, operational tools, and communication systems, ensuring that your employees access valuable training and knowledge effortlessly. Learn More Proudly Trusted by High-Level Organizations we love them what our clients have to say "Inkling was able to help us shorten the time each store walk would take and give us critical data that helped us continuously improve the process and get better results." Jason Ferguson Principal Learning & Development Analyst "People’s greatest opportunity to learn is outside the ‘training room.’ working at the shoulder of the colleagues on their left and right." Jack Sylvester Director of Learning Technologies "When our teams are engaged and can access important learning easily, it makes us all better and helps us deliver our very best to our patients, their families, and all those we are privileged to serve." Tobias Washington Director, Learning Experience, Design & Technology "Training is critical to supporting process and menu innovation at Jack in the Box. With Jenius, powered by Inkling, we can deliver the right knowledge and training to 60,000+ team members, which drives a consistent customer experience." Natalie Trzcinski Senior Director of Menu Process, Training and Integration How do we stack up? We get that everyone compares all the options on the marketplace. What we’ll tell you is that we’ve helped every customer pivot and improve their business so they can better empower their customers, employees, and partners. 0 % Increase in Sales for New Product $ 0 M Labor Savings from Improved Onboarding 0 % Increase in Sales Productivity 30 % Reduction in Learning Content Authoring Time Awards Recognition From Industry Leaders​ Experience Inkling Employees adopt Inkling content at an 80-90% rate due to its robust search tools and on-the-job access to vital information. Curious to learn more about our approach? Request a Meeting Platform Problems We Solve ROI Calculator Customers Pricing Plans Frequently Asked Questions Contact About Us Newsroom Workforce Enablement Quiz Consumer Login Product Tour Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Info Transparency in Coverage Careers Consumer Login Read Inkling is now part of Echo360! Transforming educational experiences for millions of frontline workers, students, and learners around the world. Visit Echo360 I Need Support Inkling has joined Echo360! Take a look to see how we are transforming learning. See here! X