Inline Manual | Digital Adoption Platform - Inline Manual Skip to main content Inline Manual Open main menu Solutions Features Customers Pricing Resources Sign in Try it now Webinar 19 Dec 2024 Discover the new Builder with drag-and-drop features and a modern WYSIWYG editor. Plus, exciting product updates for 2025! Serving our customers since 2012 Turn New Users into Power Users . Automatically. Build personalized onboarding experiences that increase user adoption, reduce churn, and drive product success. Book a demo or start a free trial ✅ Try free for 14+ days. ✅ No credit card needed. Our products are trusted by 500+ companies worldwide - Since 2012 We are serious about security User Onboarding Guide users through your product, increase adoption and conversion rates and reduce churn. Grow your business faster and make your software more lovable. Instantly. User Onboarding Introduce users to your application and its functionality with interactive, personalized walkthroughs that encourage actions. You won’t get a second chance to make a good first impression. Learn more Feature Adoption Ensure the success of newly launched features while educating your users. Learn how useful the features are. Learn more In-App Marketing Target users effectively with tailored messages to drive conversions and upsell directly within your product. Learn more Staff training Automate training of your employees, improve their productivity and get faster to software ROI. Reduce the workload of your internal helpdesk. Change Management Support software adoption with a digital adoption platform to smoothen the transition and embrace the change. Learn more Employee Training Save resources by having an employee training available directly within the software. Learn more Employee Onboarding Onboard employees faster with in-app guidance on the side - decrease their time to productivity. Learn more In-App Support Free-up the hands of your helpdesk by letting users self-support themselves directly within the software. Self-help is no longer a nice bonus a company can offer, it’s a must. Learn more Product features Inline Manual is packed with a comprehensive set of features for effective and enjoyable learning experience. Walkthroughs Guide the users through your application to get them to desired goals faster. Announcements Notify your users about training, downtimes or product updates anywhere in the application. Tooltips Support your users with tooltips explaining what they are supposed to do with your application. Hotspots Notify your users about training, downtimes or product updates anywhere in the application. Promotions Run promotions directly in the application for improved conversion rates. Feedback Find out how you’re doing, identify the bottlenecks of your application by asking your users directly. In-App help Guide the users through your application to get them to desired goals faster. Automation Automate repetitive tasks, create click shortcuts so your users aren’t bothered. Analytics Track the performance of the content you have created, know how helpful it is. Branching Create multiple branches of content, give users the choice of the path to follow. Version control Iterate easily with version control in place. Keep adjusting the content, you can always come back to the previous version. Release management Make sure you have the right version of content on the right version of your app. Create on staging, publish on live. Multilingual Serve users content in a language they will understand and want to work with. Segmentation Segment users to serve them with the most relevant content in the right moments. Collaboration Build the content together with your teammates to get things done faster. More about each feature Currie & Brown “Nothing is too much trouble and the support we have received in resolving issues we have come across is fantastic. Inline Manual ensured its system worked within our Unit4 ERP system.” Currie & Brown Sam Haslam Group Business and Systems Manager Doccle “We went for Inline Manual because it’s the company that most cared about Doccle. Inline Manual always focused on Doccle first and the support that we got while we were on a free trial was outstanding. The quality of support is the same as now.” Doccle Vera Martins Product Designer LMC “The most expensive cost in our company is the time of our developers, and that is something that Inline Manual hugely helped us with, and is still helping. I launch things every week through Inline Manual, saving a lot of time and money. The speed of launching is a luxury that all our product teams got easily used to.” LMC Monika Štekrová Customer Success Manager SAI360 “It is all about personal fit. Especially when you become a reseller, you must have a positive feeling about the partnership (and trust your partner). The support from Inline Manual is great. If we report an issue, Inline Manual has the drive to resolve it. And, it is not just selling the licenses to us, they care to make us successful.” SAI360 Vincent Perquin Manager, SAI360 Academy Ready to create better user experiences? Get started for free, no credit card required. Start free trial Get a demo All rights reserved © Inline Manual Ltd. 20-22 Wenlock Road N1 7GU, London, England LinkedIn LinkedIn Twitter Twitter Solutions User Onboarding User onboarding Feature adoption In-app marketing Staff training Change management Employee training Employee onboarding In-app support Enterprise Unit4™ Agresso ERP Resources About us Blog Contact Support Portal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Security