Inman | Inman Real Estate News News Agent Brokerage Technology Marketing Teams Mortgage Markets & Economy Luxury Listings MLS & Associations Opinion Property Management Commissions Subscribe Navigate the market shifts with Inman Select on your side. Events Read More The biggest New York real estate event Inman On Tour Nashville Inman On Tour Miami Inman Connect San Diego All upcoming events Research Inman Intel Intel Index Learn more Data and research into what’s happening today – and tomorrow – in residential real estate and proptech. Education Inman Access Video Tips, How-Tos, & Guides Tech Reviews Insider Webinars Handbooks Essential Guides Learn more An immersive video experience bringing you real estate’s best practitioners. Awards See all The most coveted awards in real estate, recognizing greatness across the industry. Power Players New York Power Brokers MLS Reinvented Marketing All-Stars Future Leaders in Real Estate Golden I Club Best of Finance Inman Innovators AI Awards Best of Proptech About About Inman Email Newsletters Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Customer Support Log in Subscribe Account Settings Contact Us Log Out First speakers announced for Inman Connect NY Take the Dec. Inman Intel survey Google’s real estate experiment Last deal of 2025: Case study NAR in 2025: UPDATE Winter power plays Design trends and tips to help your listing fly off the market in 2026 Restraint, a focus on nature and the outdoors, and good staging will help luxury agents and their clients close the deal in 2026 by Lillian Dickerson Dec 30 9 ways to become a real estate market expert in 2026 by Darryl Davis Dec 30 Sponsored Content How to choose a home warranty provider Sponsored Content by AHS Real Estate Team These are the stories you couldn't get enough of in 2025 by Christy Murdock Dec 30 Trending How 1 agent built a referral flywheel that drives over 50% of her business by Jimmy Burgess Dec 28 Take a look back at the top 5 real estate news stories of 2025 by Dani Vanderboegh Dec 29 INMAN CONNECT Inman is celebrating 30 years of community, and you're invited by Mariya Gordon Nov 13 The ULTIMATE real estate agent business plan for 2026 by Darryl Davis Dec 29 This was the year real estate content had to earn attention by Jessi Healey Dec 27 Sponsored Content Break it to make it: How one Hudson Valley brokerage recalibrated its tech for growth Sponsored Content by Joanna Harrison Sponsored Content Finding power and purpose in brand evolution A rebrand isn’t about changing who you are but clarifying what you stand for. HomeSmart’s evolution ... Sponsored Content by Todd Sumney Opinion Redfin CEO: These 10 shifts defined real estate in 2025 2025 was another landmark year in real estate. Redfin CEO Glenn Kelman breaks down the 10 trends ... by Glenn Kelman Dec 30 A year in real estate marked by power grabs and a wave of change As the industry transitioned into a new era, big-player power moves, shifting rates, reform at the ... by Lillian Dickerson Dec 30 High-stakes staging: Secrets for turning ultra-luxury mansions into livable homes New Inman contributor Julian Buckner of Vesta Home talks staging, scaling and the complexity of ... by Julian Buckner Dec 30 Keep your database organized, and prioritize consistent contact Learn how team leader Michael J. Franco stays top of mind with his network, and get a glimpse into ... by Christy Murdock Dec 30 The top 10 how-tos of 2025, according to our readers Looking back at 2025, these are the how-tos that shaped the year. Revisit the strategies that ... by Dani Vanderboegh Dec 30 Leading in Luxury How one upstart brokerage went from nothing to IPO in 3 years LPT International CEO Michael Valdes shares his journey from investment banker to CEO back to Wall Street with an upcoming IPO. Plus, find out about his newest venture, Aperture by James Dwiggins AND Keith Robinson Sponsored Content Leaders in luxury: Sam Jenkins High performers at Sotheby’s International Realty share their methods and milestones Sponsored Content Sponsored Content Leaders in luxury: Leslie McElwreath High performers at Sotheby’s International Realty share their methods and milestones Sponsored Content Sponsored Content Leaders in luxury: Fernando Viteri High performers at Sotheby’s International Realty share their methods and milestones Sponsored Content Inman Intel Horizon-scanning analytics and research More agents pondered an exit from real estate in 2025. Intel asks why. by Daniel Houston Dec 22 Many agents contemplate leaving NAR if their MLS lifts policy: Intel by Daniel Houston Dec 15 How MLSs are responding to NAR's national policy shift: Intel survey by Daniel Houston Dec 8 Inman Access Vital Video Learning Innovation That Sticks: Building Tech That Solves Real Problems Tech Solutions in Turbulent Times: Navigating Real Estate’s  Perfect Storm Winning and Keeping Clients Winter 2026 11 reasons homesellers should list during the holidays by Darryl Davis Dec 8 How the winter market creates soft power plays for buyers and sellers by Sofia Nadjibi Dec 11 Why your brand needs a 'vibe' (not red and green) this holiday season by Jessi Healey Nov 28 Indie Broker Recruiting advantage: How indies can deliver what agents really want by Verl Workman Dec 16 Opinion Why more brokerages should fight for their buyer agent commissions by Spencer Krull Dec 16 Opinion 70% of digital transformations fail. The other 30% will redefine us by Lauren Henss Dec 15 Inman Awards Inman unveils winners of the 2025 Best of Proptech Awards by Inman Nov 20 Inman announces the 2025 Class of AI Award winners by Inman Oct 23 Inman celebrates its 2025 Inman Innovator Award winners by Inman Aug 1 Sponsored Content Inman Insider Webinars What’s Next for Your MLS: How AI’s Arrival is Changing Everything by Shannon DeAraujo Nov 3 What's More Important in Real Estate Today, AI or You? by Shelby Dunstan Oct 30 The State of Real Estate Marketing: Grow Your Real Estate Business with the Right Tools by Shannon DeAraujo Sep 15 Tech Reviews In crowded virtual staging category, Collov AI offers ease, affordability: Tech Review by Craig C. Rowe Nov 24 Paraspot AI sees the future of property inspection: Tech Review by Craig C. Rowe Nov 17 Tech Review: Guest House shrinks time-to-market with listing prep by Craig C. Rowe Oct 27 Agent Opinion Redfin CEO: These 10 shifts defined real estate in 2025 by Glenn Kelman Dec 30 These are the stories you couldn't get enough of in 2025 by Christy Murdock Dec 30 Design trends and tips to help your listing fly off the market in 2026 by Lillian Dickerson Dec 30 MLS & Associations A year in real estate marked by power grabs and a wave of change by Lillian Dickerson Dec 30 Opinion Real estate’s ghosts: A compliance carol for past, present and future by Summer Goralik Dec 23 NAR in 2025: staff shakeups, risk reduction and policy moves by Taylor Anderson Dec 17 Brokerage 9 ways to become a real estate market expert in 2026 by Darryl Davis Dec 30 Take a look back at the top 5 real estate news stories of 2025 by Dani Vanderboegh Dec 29 Luxury real estate 2026 outlook: A new era of precision, global mobility and intelligent growth by Michael Valdes Dec 29 Marketing The top 10 how-tos of 2025, according to our readers by Dani Vanderboegh Dec 30 This was the year real estate content had to earn attention by Jessi Healey Dec 27 Build trust when you provide superior client education by Christy Murdock Dec 26 Markets & Economy These are the 10 words that defined real estate in 2025 by Christy Murdock Dec 26 Here are the stories you may have missed that set the stage for 2026 by Christy Murdock Dec 26 Why the Federal Reserve won't bend to 'THE TRUMP RULE' in 2026 by Matt Carter Dec 24 Technology WATCH: How AI will transform real estate (faster than you think) by James Dwiggins AND Keith Robinson Dec 24 Meet Areia, real estate's 'synthetic human,' always-there agent avatar by Craig C. Rowe Dec 23 How Google could become real estate's next big gatekeeper by Christy Murdock Dec 22 RAISE YOUR REAL ESTATE IQ Inman News is the leading real estate news source for real estate agents, Realtors, brokers, real estate executives and real estate technology leaders who need the latest real estate news, insights and analysis to grow their business and stay ahead of the competition. Inman About Contact Customer Support Advertise Sponsor ICSD Sponsor ICNY Sitemap Press Center Careers Code of Conduct Privacy Terms of Use Products Select Inman Access Inman Intel Inman Events Connect New York Connect San Diego Luxury Connect Blueprint Las Vegas Inman Handbooks Connect Video Email Newsletters Latest Real Estate News Community Facebook Groups Coast to Coast Agent to Agent Broker to Broker Vendor to Vendor Contributor Program Awards ©2025 Inman All Rights Reserved. Only 3 days left to register for Inman Connect Las Vegas before prices go up! Don't miss the premier event for real estate pros. Register Now × Limited Time Offer: Get 1 year of Inman Select for $199 SUBSCRIBE × Inmanpot Log in Email Password Forgot? Log in If you created your account with Google or Facebook Log in with Google Log in with Facebook Don't have an account? Create an Account Forgot your password? No Problem Simply enter the email address you used to create your account and click "Reset Password". You will receive additional instructions via email. Forgot your username? If so please contact customer support at (510) 658-9252 Email Reset Password Password Reset Confirmation Password Reset Instructions have been sent to Close Subscribe to The Weekender Get the week's leading headlines delivered straight to your inbox. Top headlines from around the real estate industry. Breaking news as it happens. 15 stories covering tech, special reports, video and opinion. Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews. Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews. Your Email Subscribe It looks like you’re already a Select Member! To subscribe to exclusive newsletters, visit your email preferences in the account settings. Account Settings Uh Oh! There seems to be a problem with your Inman Select Membership. Please contact the parent account holder or Inman customer service @ 1-800-775-4662 customerservice@inman.com . Close Don’t Miss Out! User promo code onward25 during checkout to save 25% on your Inman Select Membership. Coalesce's Select Membership is no longer active. Sign up for Individual Select membership today. Join Close Don’t Miss Out! There seems to be a problem with your Inman Select Membership. Please update your billing information to reactivate your membership. Update Billing Close Subscribe to Inman Select for Breaking News and Exclusive Industry Content News & Industry Updates Leading commentary by award-winning journalists. Inman Event Livestreams Live broadcast of Connect conferences. In-Depth Guides & Reports Insights to grow your business. Join Select Log in ×