Integrated Customer Experience Solutions with AI – InMoment (Asia) Skip to content Insights from over 2,000 Asia-Pacific consumers | Get the 2026 Trends Report Why InMoment? Why InMoment? Customer Experience A modern CX solution combining data, technology, and human expertise Reputation Management Turn social ratings and reviews into revenue Conversational Intelligence Find opportunities to elevate customer and agent experiences Strategic Services Human expertise to complement leading technology Employee Experience Keep employees engaged, fulfilled, and motivated Market Research Measure the impact of the latest market trends on your business Product Intelligence Accelerate business growth by building products that users love See More Teams CX Leaders Full-Suite CX Management Contact Centre Leaders Conversational Intelligence & Analytics Insights Leaders Integrated Experience Management Marketing Leaders Integrated Reputation Management and CX Digital Leaders Customer Intelligence and Advanced Analytics Area Managers CX and Reputation Management See More Use Cases Retail The top leading retailers partner with InMoment Financial Services Many of the world’s top financial institutions partner with InMoment Food Services Trusted by the most recognisable food brands worldwide Contact Centre Powerful technology and services to provide better service to your customers Healthcare Exceed patient expectations by improving their experience Travel & Hospitality Many of the leading hospitality companies partner with InMoment Automotive Trusted by many of the world’s automotive companies B2B Dedicated B2B solutions to help you cut through the noise Insurance Connecting with policyholders and brokers on an emotional level Telecom Dedicated to helping retailers stand out in an evolving marketplace Utilites Utility companies around the world trust InMoment See More 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Based on insights from over 2,000 APAC consumers. Download today! Platform XI Platform XI Platform Overview Get to know the world’s most recommended CX platform Listen Collect feedback from every perspective, from every channel Analyze Dive into your experience data and uncover meaningful insight Improve Take informed action to recover at-risk customers and improve results Report Create and share stories that inspire business-wide customer-centricity Mobile Application Improve customer experiences anywhere, from the palm of your hand See More Enterprise Architecture Text Analytics Make smarter decisions with industry leading natural language processing Integrations Infuse experience intelligence into every enterprise system Data Management Conquer your most demanding data management needs Artificial Intelligence It’s not AI or humans. It’s AI for humans. Security & Scalability Built for scalability and best-in-class data security Explore InMoment Explore the XI Platform Client Stories Take a Product Tour Plans & Packages 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Get the key takeaways from the conference. Resources Learn & Connect Resource Library Proprietary data and strategies from top experience improvement experts Events Learn with webinars, conferences, panel discussions, and more Blog Best Practices. Industry Thought Leadership. Experience Improvement. Podcast Actionable industry content to gain insight and spark ideas Partners Leverage our partner ecosystem to maximize your business investments Explore InMoment About Us Take a break and learn about our team and what makes us tick Customer Stories Learn how leading brands grow their business with InMoment News Learn about leading-edge innovations and employee and company accolades Career Page Want to unlock your full potential? Explore our current careers Become a CX Pro Book a Demo Read our Beginners Guide Customer Experience Terms Calculate ROI Get your personalised return-on-investment calculation for improving customer experience 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Based on insights from over 2,000 APAC consumers. Download today! en-sg Login Schedule a Demo 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Based on insights from over 2,000 APAC consumers. Download today! en-sg Login Schedule a Demo 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Based on insights from over 2,000 APAC consumers. Download today! Make Every Conversation Count. InMoment named a Major Player in the 2024 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Conversational Intelligence and Analytics Read the Excerpt InMoment Achieves Fastest Time to ROI Named Best NLP Company at AI Breakthrough Awards InMoment VoC Platforms Specsavers’ Integrated CX Story This optical retailer built an integrated CX program that captures feedback across the entire customer journey. Learn more Explore Our Solutions Customer Feedback Solicit, understand and act on feedback with AI-infused surveys Reputation Management Turn social ratings and reviews into revenue Conversational Intelligence Find opportunities to elevate customer and agent experiences Digital Listening Drive better online experiences and increase user satisfaction Market Research Gain a competitive advantage by uncovering customer trends Employee Experience Make company culture your competitive edge Capture and Connect Data Make disconnected experience data a thing of the past. InMoment helps you capture and connect unstructured and structured experience data in every format, at every stage of the customer journey. Learn More InMoment captures 2.4x more actionable feedback than standard surveys with Active Listening Identify the Richest Insights Experience data comes in all shapes and sizes, and without the right technology it’s near impossible to understand. InMoment’s award-winning AI helps you generate richer insights, unify omni-channel experiences and predict customer intent. Learn More Reduce manual analysis by 75%, or $8,000, per insights report with Smart Summaries Unlock the Smartest Actions Every team knows something about your customer, but decisions are often based on a limited vantage point of the customer journey. Align your teams to take deliberate actions that resolve both individual cases and recurrent experience issues. Learn More Close the loop with your customers 7x faster with AI-powered responding 2.4x Higher Revenue Growth Firms with high levels of alignment across their customer-facing functions realise 2.4 times higher revenue and double the profitability compared to those with no alignment. “The Customer-Obsessed Growth Engine”, Forrester Research, Feb 2023 Trusted by World-Class Brands InMoment really helps the organisation manage its CX, and EX in the future, using all of its available modules in the platform.” Paul Jeshimon L De Leon Data Analytics Manager, St. Luke’s Medical Center Partner with InMoment Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Voice of Customer Users “Would Recommend” According to Gartner Peer Insights The Forrester Wave™: Text Mining And Analytics Platforms Featured Resources resource 2026 Asia-Pacific Consumer Trends Report Continue Reading resource The Power of Using Customer Sentiment Analysis in Retail Continue Reading resource How to Launch a CX Program When You Don’t Know Where to Start Continue Reading More Resources See ROI in Half the Time InMoment’s integrated CX approach increases customer lifetime value and bottom line performance in just 12 months, significantly faster than the industry average of 25 months! Learn More About InMoment Close Change Region North America United States/Canada (English) Europe Dach (Deutsch) United Kingdom (English) Asia Pacific Australia (English) New Zealand (English) Asia (English) Own the Moments That Matter Regions linkedin Link to Linkedin twitter Link to Twitter facebook Link to Facebook Platform Enterprise Architecture Text Analytics Experience Clouds Integrations Company About Us Contact Us Careers News Support Quick Links Plans and Packages Experience Improvement Applications Services Customer Stories Digital Transformation XI Terms Customer Effort Score (CES) Customer Satisfaction Score (CSAT) Voice of the Customer (VoC) Net Promoter Score (NPS) Regions Privacy Legal Copyright © InMoment 2025