By clicking "Accept all cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and for marketing and advertising purposes.

Privacy policy  | Do not sell or share my personal information .

Accept All Cookies
Reject All Cookies
Cookie Preferences
-
Platform
Solutions
Resources
About
Sign In
Contact us

Introducing Innovid Orchestrator™ – the first full-cycle AI superagent for advertising!


Learn more
Powering the future of advertising
Innovid empowers advertisers and publishers with independent technology and the power of AI for ad experiences that drive business growth.
Let's talk
Part of the Mediaocean family

Deliver impact and efficiency across channels — CTV, linear, display, social, and more — with one trusted partner spanning Innovid, Prisma, and Protected by Mediaocean.

Learn more

Create relevant and engaging ads with your existing tools

Build personalized, interactive video and display ads powered by AI intelligence to drive meaningful results — from awareness to purchase.

Deliver campaigns with the only ad server built for CTV

Scale your advertising and gain unmatched visibility across every device, channel, platform, and publisher.

Measure with accuracy and prove the value of your investments

Get a holistic, AI-powered view of converged TV performance with granular, actionable insights from reach and frequency to outcomes.

Optimize campaigns to make every impression more valuable

Turn insight into action with AI-driven optimization that streamlines the supply path, manages household-level frequency, and more.

The world’s top advertisers and publishers rely on Innovid

“We see the power of CTV advertising with our clients every day; the opportunities are endless to create relevant and engaging ad experiences that also change the game for the brands behind them.”

Sam Bloom, Head of Partnerships – PMG

Driving meaningful customer connections and powerful outcomes
Advertisers
Create, deliver, measure, and optimize on a single platform
Learn more
Publishers
Reimagine viewer experiences and prove value to advertisers
Learn more
Best-in-class partner integrations

Our open, interoperable platform is tightly integrated with the fragmented ad tech and media ecosystem, making it easy to leverage the partners you already use. Together with Prisma and Protected by Mediaocean, Innovid connects workflows across the omnichannel ecosystem.

Learn more
See what the Innovid platform can do for you

Create effective ads, deliver campaigns across channels, measure performance accurately, and optimize in real time.

Request a demo
What makes Innovid unique?
Innovation

Our focus from day one

AI innovation lies at the heart of who we are as a company, ensuring clients stay ahead of the curve and the competition.

Intelligence

We solve problems no one else can

We see billions of data points on our ad server every day — across devices, channels, publishers, and platforms — and we use this intelligence to solve our clients' most pressing challenges.

Independence

We always put our clients first

We don’t buy or sell media, which keeps us free of buying conflicts and allows us to stay focused on providing critical infrastructure for our clients.

Take a deeper dive

Check out these resources for best practices and insights to build your advertising strategies.

Blogs
7
min read
AI

AI Mythbusters #3: (Continuing to) debunk the biggest AI misconceptions in advertising

Separate fact from fiction on more pervasive myths surrounding AI in advertising.

December 12, 2025
•
Blogs
5
min read
AI

AI Vertigo: Why Truth Resists Simplicity in the Age of Agents

How to manage the anxiety and uncertainty of the future of AI agents in advertising.

December 12, 2025
•
Blogs
6
min read
Ad Serving

Innovid celebrates 77 badges and multiple #1 rankings in the G2 Winter 2026 Reports

Innovid strengthens its position as an industry leader with badges across creative, cross-channel, video, mobile, social advertising, and more.

December 3, 2025
•
Platform
Platform Overview
Create
Ad Authoring
Interactive Ads
Dynamic Ads
Deliver
Ad Serving
Enhanced Data
Social Ads Management
Measure
Ad Analytics
Reach & Frequency
Outcomes
Verification
Optimize
Creative Elements
Supply Path
Frequency
Solutions
Advertisers
Publishers
Partners
Resources
Resources Overview
Blog
Case Studies
Reports
Videos
Help Center
Education Hub
CTV
Ad Serving
Ad Measurement
Identity
About
About Us
Social Responsibility
News
Careers
Investors
Subscribe

Subscribe to our newsletter for industry insights, benchmarks, and more.

*
Email:
By submitting this form, I consent to Mediaocean using the information I have provided to send me marketing-related emails from Mediaocean and its family of brands. You may withdraw your consent and unsubscribe from these at any time. For more information about how Mediaocean handles your data, please read our Privacy Policy.
Sign Up
© 2025 Innovid. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
Terms of Use
Consumer Privacy