Free Online Games - Play Strategy Games and RPG Online for free! Games Games All Games Forge Of Empires Rise of Cultures Heroes of History Cozy Coast Sunrise Village Elvenar Grepolis Tribal Wars Tribal Wars 2 The West Company Company About us Leadership Principles Management History InnoHub #InnoBlog Contact Partnership Program Career Career Faces of InnoGames Our Values Why join us? Career Paths Career Starters Welcome to Hamburg Open positions FAQ Press Press Press Releases Your PR Contacts Press Kits Media Reports Support Support Digital Services Act Fan Content Guideline English Deutsch Français Polski Nederlands Português brasileiro Italiano Español Become a hero in our new competitive city builder Play Now Join Mia and Elara on a vacation of their lifetimes! Play now! Lead your empire through the ages in our award-winning strategy city builder Play now! Dive into the cultures of mankind Build epic cities and develop your civilization Play Now! Take care of your grandfather‘s village Explore a magnificient world and solve mysteries Play Now! Apply now! Our Games City Building Strategy Game Forge of Empires Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Exploration and farming simulation Sunrise Village Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Strategy MMO Game Grepolis Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Fantasy City Builder Elvenar Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Merge-2 Game Cozy Coast Play Historic City Builder Heroes of History Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Create great tribes, trade, recruit troops and conquer other villages. Strive for power and glory in Tribal Wars! Classic Strategy MMO Tribal Wars Play Medieval MMO Game Tribal Wars 2 Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Historic City Builder Rise of Cultures Play Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a recent version. Explore the Wild West, fight duels and experience exciting adventures with other players in our online game The West! Cowboy Browser RPG The West Play More games in development... Who we are InnoGames was founded in Stade, a mid-sized town near Hamburg, in 2007, when brothers Hendrik and Eike Klindworth and their friend Michael Zillmer decided to pursue their dream of creating innovative and engaging games. To do so, they took the bold step of dropping out of their studies. Today, the company they have built is one of Germany’s leading developers of mobile and browser games. The purpose of InnoGames is clear: We are here to make great games for our players – with high quality virtual worlds that link millions of people around the world. Anywhere, anytime. Do you want to build an empire that lasts through the ages, save your village and explore a spectacular world full of mysteries, or use the magnificent powers of the gods of ancient Greece to vanquish your foes? Then we have the right games for you! Enjoy thousands of hours of fun gameplay, high-end graphics, and seamless cross-platform play without having to pay for any of it. All our games are free to play without restrictions or time limits. You like our games and want to play a role in their development? Check out our vacancies now. If your skills fit our needs and if you can identify with our company culture and our values, you could join a team of 350+ passionate people from over 40 nations, who are experts in their fields, open-minded, supportive, always interested in exchanging ideas and knowledge, and who enjoy celebrating their successes together. Career More Press More Partner More INNOGAMES = FREE TO PLAY ONLINE GAMES FOR MOBILE & BROWSER WHAT DOES INNOGAMES OFFER PLAYERS? Millions of players from all around the globe already enjoy our immersive games – and it would make us proud if you joined them! Most of our games are available for both mobile and browser and allow you to switch seamlessly for true cross-platform play that suits your gaming habits. On top of that, all our games are online games. Whether you’re looking to make new friends, negotiate, or battle, they offer something for everyone. And the best part? All our games are completely free to play! FUN GAMES FOR FREE!? Yes, all our games are free to play without restrictions or time limits. Some players, especially those with little spare time on their hands, nevertheless prefer to purchase in-game currency to gain advantages, such as speeding up certain processes. That’s how we pay for the development of our games. Still, we spend a lot of time every day making sure that such advantages are never the deciding factor for winning. 10 GREAT GAMES ARE WAITING FOR YOU - THE CHOICE IS YOURS! Cozy Coast – Accompany best friends Mia and Elara on a feel-good beach adventure with elaborate merge-2-gameplay and a captivating story. Heroes of History – Dive into the world of Heroes of History, where the art of city-building meets the exhilarating adventure of hero collection. Forge of Empires – Lead your empire through the ages, fight intense PvP battles, and create your own metropolis in this multi award-winning strategy hit. Rise of Cultures – Build epic cities, explore a variety of cultures based on the historic development of ancient civilizations, and fight strategic PvE battles. Sunrise Village – Take care of your grandfather’s village and explore the magnificent world full of mysteries that need to be solved. Elvenar – Enter a beautiful fantasy world populated by elves and humans. Build gorgeous cities, gather resources to upgrade your city buildings, and explore the world in search of powerful relics and rare materials. Grepolis – Build glorious cities, forge mighty alliances, and harness the power of your favorite ancient Greek gods to defeat your enemies. Tribal Wars – Our very first game, which went on to become a real strategy classic. Create great tribes, trade, recruit troops, and conquer other villages. Tribal Wars 2 – A worthy sequel to the original Tribal Wars. The West – In this browser-only Cowboy RPG you will face the challenges of the legendary Wild West. WHAT DOES INNOGAMES OFFER EMPLOYEES? Working at InnoGames means shaping the gaming experience of millions of players while building your career and enjoying every day of it. Some other things you should know about us an employer: We truly care about our employees, which is why we have received such honors as Great Place to Work and Kununu Top Company . We take our company values seriously. They are anchored in all our processes and are the basis for all our decisions. We celebrate diversity! Our employees come from over 40 nations. Different ways of seeing and doing things are a key source of innovation for InnoGames. Our compensation is not only highly competitive, but also transparent. The great majority of our employees are paid based on salary bands . It means that you will receive fair compensation for your work, regardless of your gender or negotiation skills. - You can grow with us! We have our own internal education institute, the InnoVersity. Level up your skills and know-how in such areas as leadership, conflict management, design thinking or law during work hours and at no cost to you. You like working from home? Our hybrid working model provides you with plenty of opportunity to do so. Our founders Hendrik and Eike Klindworth and Michael Zillmer are still running the company today. However, by now we are also part of Modern Times Group . So, by working for us, you will also get a chance to work with, and learn from, other top gaming studios around the world. That’s not all, of course. Find out more about what kind of employer we are and what we can offer you on our Career page! Games All Games Forge Of Empires Rise of Cultures Heroes of History Cozy Coast Sunrise Village Elvenar Grepolis Tribal Wars Tribal Wars 2 The West Company About us Leadership Principles Management History InnoHub #InnoBlog Contact Partnership Program Career Faces of InnoGames Our Values Why join us? Career Paths Career Starters Welcome to Hamburg Open positions FAQ Partners Partnership Program Press Press Releases Your PR Contacts Press Kits Media Reports De Fr Pl Nl Pt It Es Language selection: En © 2025 InnoGames GmbH Legal Notice Terms of Service Privacy Notice