The Business School for the World | INSEAD Skip to main content Search Menu Search Main navigation Our Programmes Master Programmes Full Time Masters Master in Management Master in Finance MBA Divider Executive Masters Global Executive MBA Global Executive MBA Flex Executive Master in Finance Executive Master in Change Tsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBA Divider Scholarship and Funding Finder In The Know Executive Education For Individuals All Programmes Online Programmes Certificates Divider For Organisations Customised Programmes Online Programmes customised for Organisations Open Online Programmes for Teams Divider INSEAD Executive Coaching IN Focus PhD in Management Overview Academics and Research Admissions and Financing Community Job Market & Placements FAQs Business Foundations Certificate INSEAD-Sorbonne Université Certificate Programme INSEAD Summer School Overview Need some guidance? Try Our Programme Finder New Launch: INSEAD Master in Finance We are excited to announce the launch of the INSEAD Master in Finance (MIF), a 14–16 month pre-experience programme for recent graduates and early-career professionals. Read more Faculty & Research Faculty & Research Faculty Search Divider Publications INSEAD Publishing INSEAD Knowledge Faculty & Research Academic Areas Academic Areas Centres and Initiatives Centres and Initiatives The latest Research and Faculty highlights from INSEAD ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ ‏‏‎ View More‏‏‎ INSEAD Knowledge INSEAD Knowledge INSEAD Publishing INSEAD Publishing Research and Learning Hub Read more Publication Search Faculty Search Our Expertise Academic Areas Accounting and Control Decision Sciences Economics and Political Science Entrepreneurship and Family Business Finance Marketing Organisational Behaviour Strategy Technology and Operations Management Centres and Initiatives Africa Initiative Blue Ocean Strategy Institute Corporate Governance Centre Centre for Entrepreneurship Centre for Family Enterprise Centre for Organisational Research Gender Initiative Global Private Equity Initiative Healthcare Management Initiative Humanitarian Research Group Initiative for Learning Innovation and Teaching Excellence INSEAD-Sorbonne University Behavioural Lab INSEAD-Wharton Centre for Global Research & Education Marketing and Sales Excellence Initiative Negotiation and Conflict Management Collaborative Stone Centre for the Study of Wealth Inequality Sustainable Business Initiative Alumni Alumni Global Community Alumni Association and Clubs Volunteering divider Lifelong Learning Career Development Stories Impact Stories INSEADer of the Month Alumni Awards Alumni Magazine INSEAD Fund Impact Report Donors Report Events Reunions Alumni Forum Webinars divider MyINSEAD Give now Giving Day Alumni Global Community Alumni Association and Clubs Volunteering divider Lifelong Learning Career Development Stories Impact Stories INSEADer of the Month Alumni Awards Alumni Magazine INSEAD Fund Impact Report Donors Report Events Reunions Alumni Forum Webinars divider MyINSEAD Give now Giving Day Classes and Reunions Reunion Events Find Your Class Class Volunteers Young Alumni Initiative Robin Hood Contact Us Make a Gift For more than 60 years, INSEAD has cultivated a culture of entrepreneurship, diversity, independence, rigour and relevance. Your gift builds on this legacy and sustains INSEAD’s impact as a force for good. Give Now Who We Are About INSEAD The INSEAD Advantage Our Mission, Values and History Awards and Recognition Nobel Prize in Economics Our Leadership Meet the Dean Our Strategic Plan Policies and Legislations Alliances and Partnership Sorbonne Université The INSEAD-Wharton Alliance Tsinghua SEM Reports Annual Report Sustainability Report Donors Report About INSEAD The INSEAD Advantage Our Mission, Values and History Awards and Recognition Nobel Prize in Economics Our Leadership Meet the Dean Our Strategic Plan Policies and Legislations Alliances and Partnership Alliances and Partnership Sorbonne Université The INSEAD-Wharton Alliance Tsinghua SEM Reports Annual Report Sustainability Report Donors Report Business and Society Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Hoffmann Institute Innovation Artificial Intelligence INSEAD Learning Hub Immersive Learning Business and Society Diversity and Inclusion Read more Sustainability Read more Hoffmann Institute Read more Innovation Artificial Intelligence (AI) Read more INSEAD Learning Hub Read more Immersive Learning (AI & XR) Read more Our Locations Europe Campus Asia Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub Corporate Recruiters Welcome Recruiters! Discover INSEAD Talent CR View talent profiles and post jobs Explore and connect with a diverse pool of INSEAD talent. Customise your search to fit your hiring needs, post job listings, and manage your recruitment process all in one place. Recruit now Support INSEAD Areas to Support INSEAD Fund Scholarships Unrestricted Research Additional Ways to Give My Class Gift Make a Gift Now Your meaningful contribution not only allows the school to help qualified students with financial hardship but also supports faculty research and teaching to be a force for good. Give Now Ways to Give Give Online Give Offline Legacy Giving Founders Pledge Matching Gifts Taxe d'apprentissage Recognising our Donors Recognition & Giving Societies INSEAD Fund Impact Report Donors Report divider Donor Honour Roll About Giving Contributing to INSEAD enables us to provide financial support, launch cutting edge research as well as deliver exceptional educational experiences. Learn More Divider Events Newsroom Search Stay connected with INSEAD Working at INSEAD Get in Touch MyINSEAD Divider Working at INSEAD Get in Touch MyINSEAD Divider Stay connected with INSEAD The Business School for the World | INSEAD A Nobel Distinction at INSEAD INSEAD Professor Awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics This Nobel distinction is a tremendous honour for Professor Aghion and a testament to the depth and global impact of INSEAD’s research. Read more INSEAD equips our truly global community with the knowledge, skills and experiences to tackle the business challenges of tomorrow and drive positive change in the world. Transformational Learning A portfolio of impactful programmes for early graduates to senior executives. Pioneering Faculty & Research Our faculty bring their real-world expertise and award-winning research to the classroom. Responsible Leadership We are relentlessly committed to bettering the world through business education. Global Community Our community crosses boundaries, nationalities, languages and cultures, unlocking new perspectives and ideas. What's New... INSEAD for Impact - NEW! A three-day executive forum designed to make sense of disruption, turn information into decisive action and strengthen resilience. Read more 25th Anniversary of the INSEAD Asia Campus Join the INSEAD Asia Campus in marking 25 years of pioneering impact with global summits and celebrations. Read more GTCI 2025: Resilience in a Disrupted World Discover the 2025 Global Talent Competitiveness Index, unveiling how nations are building resilient, future-ready talent systems in a fast-changing world. Read more I want to Discover INSEAD programmes Follow INSEAD Thought Leadership Learn more about the Alumni Community Find information about Faculty & Research Explore the INSEAD Experience Learn about our Institutes and Initiatives We champion innovative forms of management education that promote business as a force for good. Master Programmes Executive Education Business Foundation Certificate Doctoral Programme INSEAD Summer School Can't find what you're looking for? Try our Programme Finder Want to meet us in person? Join an INSEAD event Explore the latest business insights and thought leadership from INSEAD INSEAD Knowledge Enhance your professional purpose and perspective. Learning Hub Reinventing Lifelong Learning. The Hoffmann Institute Stories focused on the intersection of business and society. With over 66k+ alumni distributed across 180 countries with 170 nationalities, our alumni are citizens of the world. Our Alumni Associations Lifelong Learning Get Involved Classes and Reunions Research and teaching excellence by combining rigour and relevance. Faculty Research Expertise INSEAD Knowledge INSEAD Publishing Research and Learning Hub Hear directly from our students and participants. InTheKnow From manager to mentor – career development tips to go. Executive Education IN Focus Gain insight into INSEAD Executive Education. Through research, we expand the frontiers of knowledge and shape global business leadership. The Hoffmann Institute Exploring the intersection of business and society. Research Centres and Initiatives Combining research, impact and knowledge exchange by connecting academia and real-world practice Why INSEAD INSEAD offers you a truly global, transformational educational experience. Emerge as a business leader driving meaningful change alongside a lifelong community. 75 nationalities in current MBA intake 160 faculty members of 38 nationalities 120+ research and teaching awards 18K executive education participants from over 4,400 companies every year 71K alumni based in 182 countries 916 alumni founders in 841 companies, with US$23.8B raised Insights and Highlights Prev Next When Machines Argue: AI Hive Minds and Strategic Decisions What happens when you make AI models debate each other, and why the results might be better than what your strategy team could produce. Read More Euronext supports INSEAD to expand access for women in INSEAD’s MBA programme A €1 million contribution establishes the INSEAD Euronext Endowed Scholarship for Women, empowering talented women from diverse and underprivileged backgrounds. Read More Evolution, Not Revolution: Thriving as a Senior Woman Leader I wasn’t looking for a revolution, but for evolution – and I got exactly that. I uncovered blind spots and left with clear actions, some of which I put in place right after the programme. Read more Embracing Authenticity in Leadership At its essence, authentic leadership is about being genuine and transparent. Read More The World’s Most Talent Competitive Countries, 2025 The latest edition of the Global Talent Competitiveness Index unveils a new country at the top of the rankings, alongside insights on maintaining an edge in a rapidly evolving world. Read more INSEAD Alumni at IUCN World Conservation Congress 2025: Driving Nature Action As the inaugural partner of the IUCN Business Summit, together with the UN Global Compact and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, INSEAD continues its academic research in sustainability while staying close to business. Read More Our Global Locations Europe Campus Set in tranquil Fontainebleau, France, close to Paris - the gateway to the rest of Europe and beyond. Asia Campus Located in Singapore, Asia's hub of business and innovation with a vibrant economic landscape. Middle East Campus Strategically located in Abu Dhabi's thriving financial and business district with global connectivity. San Francisco Hub Close to tech and other ecosystems in the Bay Area, opening up a new world of opportunities for our community. Meet Us Worldwide View more 07 Jan '26 Master Programmes, Master Programmes Executive MBA Wednesdays In-Person Consultation | Singapore GEMBA, TIEMBA | Singapore Singapore 08 Jan '26 Master Programmes, Master Programmes Executive MBA In-Person Consultation | Paris GEMBA, TIEMBA | Paris France 09 Jan '26 Master Programmes MBA & MIM Friday Campus Tour | Asia Campus MBA, MIM | Singapore Singapore Featured Events 04 Feb '26 Centres & Initiatives INSEAD Entrepreneurship Forum 2026 INSEAD Middle East Campus 06 Jan '26 Executive Education Beyond 1.5 °C: The Future of the Climate Transition | Webinar Webinar Curious to participate or find out more about our events? Just select the category you're interested in Alumni Master Programmes Executive Education Doctoral Programme digital@INSEAD Faculty & Research Institutional Partner Events Centres & Initiatives Student Initiatives Other Programmes Master in Management Master in Business Administration Global Executive MBA Tsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBA Executive Master in Finance Executive Master in Change In-House Events Information Sessions Roundtables Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Global Public Alumni Only Prospective Students By Invitation Only - Any - Upcoming Events Past Events Online In-Person Hybrid Forum Classes & Reunions Summer Ball Lifelong Learning Campaign TECH TALKs INTHECASE Forums INSEAD@ Workshops Africa Initiative Blue Ocean Strategy Institute China Initiative Corporate Governance Economics of Innovation Lab Entrepreneurship Family Enterprise Gender Initiative Healthcare Management Humanitarian Research Group INSEAD-Sorbonne University Behavioural Lab INSEAD-Wharton Centre Learning Innovation & Teaching Excellence Marketing & Sales Excellence Initiative Organisational Research Private Equity Wealth Inequality Business Foundations Certificate INSEAD Summer School Asia Campus Europe Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub Clear All Selections #INSEADmoments See all posts A different take on your INSEAD experience. Share your best INSEAD moments with #INSEADmoments on social media. Discover more about INSEAD About INSEAD About Our Programmes Additional links Back To Top Our Programmes Executive Education Master in Management MBA Global Executive MBA Executive Master in Finance Executive Master in Change Tsinghua-INSEAD Executive MBA Business Foundations Certificate PhD in Management Faculty & Research Overview Faculty Profiles INSEAD Publishing Academic Areas Centres of Excellence Research & Learning Hub Alumni Alumni Associations & Clubs Alumni Community Career Development Alumni Events Classes & Reunions Get Involved Lifelong Learning MyINSEAD Who We Are Who We Are Our Leadership Alliance & Partnerships Europe Campus Asia Campus Middle East Campus San Francisco Hub 60 Years of Excellence Procurement Corporate Opportunities Corporate Recruiters Career Globe Recruitment Portal MBA Employment Stats Recruitment Calendar Recruitment Policies INSEAD Learning Hub INSEAD Knowledge Newsroom Events Get in Touch MyINSEAD Make your gift to INSEAD Give Stay connected with INSEAD © 2025 INSEAD Institut privé d'enseignement supérieur INSEAD does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, disability, colour, or national or ethnic origin. Partners: Accreditations Copyright Data Protection Terms & Conditions Policies & Legislation Our website has a lot of features which will not display correctly without Javascript. Please enable Javascript in your browser Here how you can do it: http://enable-javascript.com