inSided: Customer Success Community Software Product Product Tour Community Showcase Our Success Approach Integrations Solutions Overview Self-service Engagement & Advocacy Product Feedback & Communication Customers Pricing Resources Blog Resource Hub Webinars & Podcasts Get a demo Menu Search Search Close INTRODUCING Gainsight Customer Communities inSided is now Gainsight Customer Communities. Give your customers a single hub for anytime, anywhere, self-service. Learn more Sorry, your browser doesn’t support embedded videos. Our recipe for customer success Drive customer engagement Engage your customers in peer-to-peer discussions, events & segmented user-groups Learn more Increase customer self-service Increase productivity and proactiveness by decreasing customer support questions Learn more Product feedback & updates Communicate releases, get the voice of the customer on your roadmap Learn more Increase customer advocacy Identify loyal users & increase overall NPS and Customer Satisfaction scores Learn more 80% of your customers engaged 50% reduction of incoming questions 20% of customer ideas implemented +20 increase in NPS & CSAT scores What’s in the box: Community platform One central platform for engagement amongst customers in different categories, user-groups. Promote events, news and back it with advanced gamification. Learn more Knowledge base Transform your traditional support portal to a Customer Success knowledge base with guides, tutorials, best practices and user generated content. Learn more Product feedback & ideation Involve customers in product development by stimulating product ideation, prioritization, beta testing and product discussions. Learn more Product communication Keep customers informed and updated about new product developments, releases and updates to your roadmap. Learn more In-app embeddables Give customers easy access to all relevant knowledge, updates and best practices by offering highly contextual content right inside your product. Learn more Integrated with your existing success and support tech stack Integrate with Customer Success solutions like Gainsight to create a 360-degree view of the customer, including support and community behavior Integrate with CRM tools like Salesforce to provide insight into engagement, behavior and sentiment at account and contact level Integrate with help desk tools like Zendesk to escalate tickets and offer 1:1 support for complex questions Here’s how we’ve helped Using community as a key channel for high-touch strategy Cognite enables asset-heavy industries – like oil & gas, power & utilities, and manufacturing – to make better use of their data to improve the efficiency and sustainability of operations. With substantial contracts and a growing customer base, Cognite discovered community as a solution for self-service and engagement among customers. Results 99% of all customers and partners registered 51% increase in engagement from externals 60000 + pageviews Read Case Study How Gong uses Community to Fuel ARR and Customer Retention Revenue intelligence platform Gong wanted to provide its customers with a space to connect and learn from each other. They found that it resulted in customer retention, product stickiness, and even influenced ARR. Results 36% of accounts are in community 20K unique visitors 1,200 1:1 meetings have occurred 3,000 registered community members Read Case Study Leveraging Community for P2P Support and Unlimted Subject Matter Expertise In June 2020, Pipefy launched their community with one goal in mind: to decrease the number of support tickets and put self-service and peer-to-peer support at the heart of the customer experience. One year later, nearly 95% of support inquiries are solved by peers. Results 50% growth Year over Year 85% replies to questions 65% are marked with an answer within the same month Read Case Study Leading brands are already using inSided Read more reviews Take a look at any community built on inSided, and you’ll immediately recognize that the platform is built with the end-user in mind. The layout is clean and intuitive, and we hear from members all the time that our community is simply a joy to use.” Adam Ballhaussen Director of Customer Education at Docebo Community Success resources eBook eBook: Keep and Grow Your Customers in B2B SaaS Read the eBook eBook eBook: The Ultimate Guide to Successful Community Management Read the eBook eBook Guide: A guide to building a Digital Customer Success Program for B2B SaaS companies Read the guide Want to see what inSided can do for you? It’s a great chance to have a closer look at our platform. Request a demo Product Product Overview Community Knowledge base In-app Feedback & Ideation Onboarding Integrations Our Approach Solutions Engagement Self-service Product Feedback Customer Support Product Team Marketing B2B Software Company Blog Careers Pricing Customers Showcase Resources Webinars Docs Guides Community Management Community Buyer's Guide Product Feedback Customer Success Product Ideation 10 steps to Community Success in B2B Software Gainsight’s Community-Driven Product Feedback Loop The Technology Stack for Customer Success Teams Copyright © 2025 inSided. All rights reserved. inSided is now Gainsight Customer Communities. For all of the latest product news and updates, please visit us at our new home. Go to Gainsight