Skip to main content
Search
Register
Log In
Become a Member
Find A Job
Solutions
News
Quick Takes
Politics & Elections
Faculty Issues
Students
Diversity
Admissions
Tech & Innovation
AI
Student Success
Career Advice
Advertisement
Diversity Race & Ethnicity
Is DEI Dead—or Just Changing?

After a year of repeated blows, diversity professionals and scholars are debating whether DEI has a future on college campuses, and if so, what its next iteration looks like.

View All News
Admissions Traditional-Age
“Merit” Was the Word of the Year in Admissions. But What Does It Mean?
Business Mergers & Collaboration
The Colleges That Couldn’t Survive 2025
Institutions Minority-Serving Institutions
DOJ Report Declares MSIs Unconstitutional
Student Success The College Experience
26 Stats for 2026
Institutions
Our Favorite Stories of 2025
Quick Takes
Quick Takes
ED to Investigate Brown Over Campus Shooting
Quick Takes
CSU Trade Workers Union Votes to Strike Statewide
Advertisement
Opinion
Views
Views
The Most Popular Views of 2025

Read on for a recap of the 12 most-read Inside Higher Ed views pieces of the last year.

By Elizabeth Redden

Views
Demagogy or Pedagogy? A Better Way to Approach Antisemitism on Campus

By Margaret Litvin

Columns
Columns Confessions of a Community College Dean
Intersession Courses

This is one of those posts in which I count on my wise and worldly readers for insight.

By Matt Reed

Columns Learning Innovation
Books Reviewed in 2025

By Joshua Kim

Career Advice
Career Advice
The Most-Read Career Advice of 2025

Read on for a recap of the 12 most popular career advice pieces from the past year.

By Elizabeth Redden

Career Advice Advancing in the Faculty
Stop Making Bad Research Posters

By Joanna Wolfe

Advertisement
Resources
Peer-to-Peer Advice

Campus offers resources for faculty and staff.

Visit Campus
Events & Webinars

Enjoy lively discussions about trending topics.

View All
Data & Analysis

Download reports, surveys and more.

View All
Membership

Gain next-level resources and insights.

Learn More
The Key Podcast
Ep. 184: Voices of Student Success: 2025 Trends and 2026 Predictions

Inside Higher Ed’s Voices of Student Success looks into some of the latest trends in helping students flourish in higher education.

Ep. 183: Voices of Student Success: AI Tool Provides Predictive Analytics Data

Inside Higher Ed’s Voices of Student Success discusses how AI can be leveraged to improve predictive analytics and provide insight into workforce outcomes data for a two-year college.

Campus
How to Make Co-Creation Work in Your Teaching

Find out why and how to collaborate with students to co-create elements of their learning, from a leading expert on co-creation in higher education.

The Real-World Power of Soft Skills

How do universities ensure their curricula meet the demands from industry, government and students for career-ready graduates equipped with vital transferable skills? Three experts explain how institutions are working to align higher education and skills development.

Advertisement
Editors’ Picks
Business Mergers & Collaboration
The Colleges That Couldn’t Survive 2025
Admissions Traditional-Age
“Merit” Was the Word of the Year in Admissions. But What Does It Mean?
Student Voice: Amplified

Student Voice, Inside Higher Ed’s ongoing survey and reporting series, seeks to elevate the student voice in institutional student success efforts and in broader conversations about how higher education can better—and best—serve students. Questions touch on academic life; health and wellness (including financial health); the college experience outside the classroom; preparing for life after college; affordability and cost of attendance; trust and more. 

Our annual survey of 5,065 two- and four-year students is supplemented by smaller flash surveys on timely topics. Student Voice is an independent editorial project presented with The Generation Lab. The 2025-2026 survey cycle, Student Voice: Amplified, is supported by the Gates Foundation. 

Student Success Life After College
The Experience Imperative

Students are confident they have what they need to succeed postcollege. But they want their institutions to stack the deck with internships and other experiential learning opportunities.

Student Success The College Experience
The Other Engagement Problem

A third of students don’t participate outside of class. What can be done to boost campus involvement?

Student Success Health & Wellness
Student Mental Health Challenges Persist

Students’ mental health and overall well-being continue to lag, finds Inside Higher Ed’s Student Voice survey, even as campuses expand support services.

Student Success The College Experience
Who Feels Welcome on Campus?

Recent survey data from Inside Higher Ed and Generation Lab finds that most students believe their campus climate values and supports them.

Student Success Academic Life
The Costs Students Don’t See Coming—and Why They Matter

New Student Voice data offers insight into students’ financial vulnerability and their grasp of cost of attendance amid a broader push for cost transparency.

Students Academics
Students on Academic Quality, Success

Undergraduates across institution types rate the quality of education they’re getting highly, and they share what could boost their academic success in our Student Voice: Amplified series.

Students Academics
How AI Is Changing—Not ‘Killing’—College

Key findings from Inside Higher Ed’s student survey on generative AI show that using the evolving technology hasn’t diminished the value of college in their view, but it could affect their critical thinking skills.

Student Success The College Experience
Decoding Student Trust

In the first installment of our 2025–26 Student Voice survey series, most students express confidence in their institution—with clear room for improvement, especially when it comes to affordability.

Sign up for Newsletters
Group
Daily News Update
Higher Education News, Opinion and Careers | Weekdays
Weekly News Update
Quick Summary of the Week's Higher Ed News | Fridays
Admissions Weekly Update
Admissions and Enrollment News, Opinion and Careers | Mondays
Diversity Weekly Update
Diversity News, Opinion and Career Advice | Tuesdays
Student Success
Student Success News, Ideas, Advice and Inspiration | Wednesdays
Career Advice
Expert advice on how to succeed professionally | Thursdays
All Newsletters
Subscribe
More to Explore
Faculty Issues
Students
Diversity
Admissions
Governance
Tech & Innovation
Business
Government
Global
Institutions
Workplace
Company
Contact Us
About Us
Work with Us
History
Meet the Team
Advertise
Find a Job
Post a Job
Legal
Rights & Permissions
Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Newsletter
Subscribe to a Newsletter
Group

Copyright © 2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved. | Website designed by nclud

5/5
Articles remaining
this month.

Sign up for a free account or log in.
Sign Up, It’s FREE
Login
close