Home - Inside Climate News Skip to content Science Politics Justice & Health Fossil Fuels Clean Energy ICN Local Projects About Us Open Menu Pulitzer Prize-winning, nonpartisan reporting on the biggest crisis facing our planet. Donate Trump 2.0: The Reckoning Donate Open Menu Close Menu Search Search for: Science Politics Justice & Health Fossil Fuels Clean Energy ICN Local Projects About Us Newsletters ICN Sunday Morning Contact Us Topics A.I. & Data Centers Activism Arctic Biodiversity & Conservation Business & Finance Climate Law & Liability Climate Treaties Denial & Misinformation Environment & Health Extreme Weather Food & Agriculture Fracking Nuclear Pipelines Plastics Public Lands Regulation Super-Pollutants Water/Drought Wildfires Information About Job Openings Reporting Network Whistleblowers Memberships Ways to Give Fellows & Fellowships Publications E-Books Documents Top Stories How Alabama Power Has Left the ‘American Amazon’ at Risk As its polluting coal ash ponds remain in groundwater, Alabama Power has doubled down on fossil fuel energy investments. By Lee Hedgepeth Maine’s Shellfish Harvesters Are Caught up in Climate-Related Closures Heavier rains are triggering regulatory pauses on harvesting oysters and clams—and putting fishermen out of work. By Ben Seal Michigan’s Other Water Crisis: PFAS’s Prevalence in Private Wells Ahead of the curve when it comes to testing city water for PFAS, Michigan has met its match with the state’s over one million private wells, urging residents to get their water tested. By K.R. Callaway Latest Stories A Maine Folk Band Finds Its Voice in a Warming World By Ryan Krugman The Year in Climate: Attacks on Science, the Start of Trump’s Second Term and Surging Electricity Demand Foreshadow a Future Filled with Uncertainty By Dan Gearino, ICN Staff ICN Sunday Morning: Let’s Talk About 2025 ICN Sunday Morning After a Hard Year for Environmental Justice, Chicago Communities Are Picking Up the Pieces By Amber X. Chen How George Wallace and Bull Connor Set the Stage for Alabama’s Sky-High Electric Rates By Dennis Pillion Scenes From an Unfolding Climate Drama Story and photos by Bob Berwyn A New Jersey Buyout Program for Flood-Prone Homes Is a National Model By Emilie Lounsberry Lessons on Scaling Gift Economies—and How It Can Help the Planet Interview by Jenni Doering, Living on Earth ICN Local See All ICN Texas Indigenous Groups Fight to Save Rediscovered Settlement Site on an Industrial Waterfront in Texas By Dylan Baddour ICN Pennsylvania The ‘Toxic Cocktail’ Brewing in Pennsylvania’s Waterways Story by Kiley Bense, photos by Scott Goldsmith ICN Alabama A New Report Describes Deep Environmental Cuts, State by State By Lisa Sorg ICN Florida Trump’s Plans to Expand Offshore Drilling Meet Bipartisan Opposition By Keerti Gopal Newsletters We deliver climate news to your inbox like nobody else. Every day or once a week, our original stories and digest of the web’s top headlines deliver the full story, for free. ICN Weekly Saturdays Our #1 newsletter delivers the week’s climate and energy news – our original stories and top headlines from around the web. Get ICN Weekly Inside Clean Energy Thursdays Dan Gearino’s habit-forming weekly take on how to understand the energy transformation reshaping our world. Get Inside Clean Energy Today’s Climate Tuesdays A once-a-week digest of the most pressing climate-related news, written by Kiley Price and released every Tuesday. Get Today’s Climate Breaking News Don’t miss a beat. Get a daily email of our original, groundbreaking stories written by our national network of award-winning reporters. Get Breaking News ICN Sunday Morning Go behind the scenes with executive editor Vernon Loeb and ICN reporters as they discuss one of the week’s top stories. Get ICN Sunday Morning Justice & Health A digest of stories on the inequalities that worsen the impacts of climate change on vulnerable communities. Get Justice & Health Email Address I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy . Projects See All Trump 2.0: The Reckoning Planet China: Beijing’s trillion-dollar development effort is reshaping the globe—and the natural world Fracking’s Forever Problem: Tracking the gas industry’s radioactive waste Cashing Out: The secretive system disrupting climate action and forcing big payouts to fossil fuel companies Science In the Great Lakes Region, a Push to Grow Water-Focused Startups Amid Federal Funding Uncertainty Technology from Chicago and around the world promises to clean up water. An effort in Illinois is trying to speed it to market while navigating new federal funding challenges. By Leigh Giangreco Trump’s EPA Focus: Delay, Rescind, Dismantle Environmental and Health Protections Maine’s Once Abundant Kelp Forests Face an Array of Growing Threats Politics Could Rescinding The Roadless Rule Make It Harder To Delist Yellowstone Grizzlies? The rule banning new roads in some forests protects prime bear habitat and was part of the Fish and Wildlife Service’s justification for its failed attempt to delist grizzlies in 2017. By Jake Bolster As the Whitmer Administration Enters Its Final Year, Environmental Advocates Lament Wasted Opportunities Will New Jersey’s Environmental Regulators Approve Transco’s NESE Pipeline After Rejecting it Twice? Justice & Health Nonprofit Center Works with Rural Maine Towns to Prepare for and Protect Against Extreme Weather Weather disasters are shared experiences in the Maine foothills and communities are preparing for a wetter, warmer future. By Sydney Cromwell Countries Want Debt Relief for Conservation. Is China Ready to Play a Role? Twenty Years Into Fracking, Pennsylvania Has Yet to Reckon With Its Radioactive Waste Fossil Fuels Diane Wilson Takes on Another Plastics Plant in Texas Wilson’s Gulf Coast environmental group filed a 60-day notice of intent to sue Dow for chronic discharge of plastics from its enormous Seadrift chemical complex. By Dylan Baddour U.S. Company Releasing Unauthorized Emissions From Peru LNG Terminal Tracking Oil and Gas Waste in Pennsylvania Is Still a ‘Logistical Mess’ Clean Energy Illinois Is Going All In on Battery Storage. What Will That Mean? As power-guzzling data centers proliferate across the country and drive electricity prices up, batteries could be a part of the solution. By Alexia Underwood In Murphy’s Final Weeks, NJ Climate Advocates Race to Lock in 100 Percent Clean Power The Texas Power Grid Will Get a Boost from Batteries This Winter Most Popular How George Wallace and Bull Connor Set the Stage for Alabama’s Sky-High Electric Rates Scenes From an Unfolding Climate Drama The Year in Climate: Attacks on Science, the Start of Trump’s Second Term and Surging Electricity Demand Foreshadow a Future Filled with Uncertainty A New Jersey Buyout Program for Flood-Prone Homes Is a National Model How Alabama Power Has Left the ‘American Amazon’ at Risk Who We Are Inside Climate News was founded in 2007 and provides unbiased, non-partisan reporting on climate change to inform the national conversation around one of the most important issues of our time. Our groundbreaking investigations have held bad actors to account, exposed scientific misinformation and illuminated environmental injustice. Our work has been consistently recognized with honors bestowed by  peers in the profession, including the Pulitzer Prize . We have built a network of local reporting bureaus and forged many media partnerships to help fill the gap left by a shrinking local news industry. Please visit our About page to learn more about our journalistic mission and our impact, our staff and our board, our sources of funding and our editorial independence. View an archive of our most significant work. Read more about our reporting network. Support our mission by donating. Newsletters We deliver climate news to your inbox like nobody else. Every day or once a week, our original stories and digest of the web’s top headlines deliver the full story, for free. ICN Weekly Inside Clean Energy Today’s Climate Breaking News ICN Sunday Morning Justice & Health Email Address I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy . More Stories A Messy Trail of Toxic Oil and Gas Waste ICN Sunday Morning How Proposed Changes to the Endangered Species Act Could Further Threaten the Country’s Imperiled Species By Kiley Price The World’s Last Flock of Wild Whooping Cranes Gets More Living Space By Dylan Baddour A River That Millions Rely on for Water Is on the Brink. A Deal to Save It Isn’t. By Wyatt Myskow, Blanca Begert, Jake Bolster View All Stories Keep Environmental Journalism Alive ICN provides award-winning climate coverage free of charge and advertising. We rely on donations from readers like you to keep going. Donate Now Science Politics Justice & Health Fossil Fuels Clean Energy Home About Contact Us Whistleblowers Privacy Policy Inside Climate News uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you accept this policy. Learn More Accept