Unlock digital opportunities with the world’s most trusted forecasts, analysis, and benchmarks. | EMARKETER Newsletter sign-up Envelope Does my company subscribe? Contact Sales: Phone 1-800-405-0844 EMARKETER Products Events & Resources Topics Articles Pricing About Search Log in Login Become a Client Become a Client Get a Demo Pricing Calendar Products Events & Resources Topics Articles Pricing About Products See All Solutions → By Product EMARKETER PRO+ Analyst Access Program By Use Case Determine Market Sizing Develop Strategies Allocate Budget Benchmark Performance Win New Business Develop Go-to-Market Strategy Stay Informed Thought Leadership See All Use Cases → Advertising & Sponsorship Boost your brand and generate demand with media programs. Learn More → Events & Resources Learning Center Read through guides, explore resource hubs, and sample our coverage. Learn More → Events Register for an upcoming webinar and track which industry events our analysts attend. Learn More → Podcasts Listen to our podcast, Behind the Numbers for the latest news and insights. Learn More → Topics See All Topics → Advertising & Marketing Social Media Content Marketing Email Marketing Video Browse All → Ecommerce & Retail Ecommerce Sales Mcommerce Retail Sales Social Commerce Browse All → Financial Services Banking Payments Fintech Wealth Management Browse All → Geographies Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Health Value-Based Care Digital Therapeutics Telehealth Online Pharmacy Browse All → Technology Connected Devices 5G Artificial Intelligence (AI) Browse All → More Industries Real Estate Customer Experience B2B Travel Small Business (SMB) Browse All → Latest Articles Explore our Research → Apparel retailers double down on private labels Article | Dec 30, 2025 Nvidia kickstarted the age of accelerated compute in 2025 Article | Dec 29, 2025 The common thread across 2025 has been uncertainty. That’s unlikely to change in the year ahead. Article | Dec 29, 2025 We made 8 payment predictions for 2025—here’s what we got right Article | Dec 29, 2025 The predictions for 2025 we didn’t quite get right—and why we missed the mark Article | Dec 29, 2025 How AI rewired marketing in 2025: The breakout use cases for marketing leaders Article | Dec 29, 2025 Banks’ genAI adoption accelerates as optimism abounds Article | Dec 29, 2025 AI drives more-sophisticated fraud as well as banks’ fraud defenses Article | Dec 29, 2025 Crypto has gone mainstream in banking: The 2025 review Article | Dec 29, 2025 Big Tech’s AI money loop: Boom, bubble, or bottleneck? Article | Dec 28, 2025 Browse All → About Our Story Learn more about our mission and how EMARKETER came to be. Learn More → Our Clients Key decision-makers share why they find EMARKETER so critical. Learn More → Our People Take a look into our corporate culture and view our open roles. Join the Team → Our Methodology Rigorous proprietary data vetting strips biases and produces superior insights. Learn More → Newsroom See our latest press releases, news articles or download our press kit. Learn More → Contact Us Speak to a member of our team to learn more about EMARKETER. Contact Us → Open Menu Menu Search EMARKETER Products See all Solutions → By Product EMARKETER PRO+ Analyst Access Program By Use Case Determine Market Sizing Develop Strategies Allocate Budget Benchmark Performance Win New Business Develop Go-to-Market Strategy Stay Informed Thought Leadership Advertising & Sponsorship Boost your brand and generate demand with media programs. Events & Resources Learning Center Read through guides, explore resource hubs, and sample our coverage. Events Register for an upcoming webinar and track which industry events our analysts attend. Podcasts Listen to our podcast, Behind the Numbers for the latest news and insights. Topics See all Topics → Advertising & Marketing Social Media Content Marketing Email Marketing Video Browse All → Ecommerce & Retail Ecommerce Sales Mcommerce Retail Sales Social Commerce Browse All → Financial Services Banking Payments Fintech Wealth Management Browse All → Health Value-Based Care Digital Therapeutics Telehealth Online Pharmacy Browse All → Technology Connected Devices 5G Artificial Intelligence (AI) Browse All → More Industries Real Estate Customer Experience B2B Travel Small Business (SMB) Browse All → Geographies Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Articles Pricing About Our Story Learn more about our mission and how EMARKETER came to be. Our Clients Key decision-makers share why they find EMARKETER so critical. Our People Take a look into our corporate culture and view our open roles. Our Methodology Rigorous proprietary data vetting strips biases and produces superior insights. Newsroom See our latest press releases, news articles or download our press kit. Contact Us Speak to a member of our team to learn more about EMARKETER. User Log in Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Phone 1-800-405-0844 Become a Client Close Menu Close EMARKETER Search Smarter Insights, Faster Decisions . EMARKETER provides the gold standard for media, advertising, and commerce data with thousands of ready-made forecasts, charts, and reports. Get to decision-making faster with access to exclusive data sets, expert insights, interactive forecasts – and now AI Search : a faster, smarter way to navigate and contextualize EMARKETER research. Learn More Talk to an Expert Latest Research Unlock insights and trends about your target audiences with research built on vetted and transparently sourced data put through our proprietary research methodology. Arrow Apparel retailers double down on private labels Article December 30, 2025 Nvidia kickstarted the age of accelerated compute in 2025 Article December 29, 2025 The common thread across 2025 has been uncertainty. That’s unlikely to change in the year ahead. Article December 29, 2025 We made 8 payment predictions for 2025—here’s what we got right Article December 29, 2025 The predictions for 2025 we didn’t quite get right—and why we missed the mark Article December 29, 2025 How AI rewired marketing in 2025: The breakout use cases for marketing leaders Article December 29, 2025 Banks’ genAI adoption accelerates as optimism abounds Article December 29, 2025 AI drives more-sophisticated fraud as well as banks’ fraud defenses Article December 29, 2025 Crypto has gone mainstream in banking: The 2025 review Article December 29, 2025 Big Tech’s AI money loop: Boom, bubble, or bottleneck? Article December 28, 2025 Arrow Featured New Upcoming Arrow Live & Virtual Events Events May 9, 2025 Cannes Lions 2025 Events June 16, 2025 Navigating Uncertainty 2025 Resources See the trend data we’re featuring today Data December 30, 2025 Maximizing Marketing Efficiency with AI Resources July 1, 2024 Boost Sales with Mobile Apps Resources July 1, 2024 Brand Safety Toolkit Resources June 17, 2024 Ebooks, Guides, and More Resources June 17, 2024 On-Demand Webinar: Unlocking Fresh Data and Deeper Insights Events March 18, 2024 Unlock the Secrets to Engaging Gen Z Resources April 5, 2024 Don’t miss digital advertising’s next major wave Newsletter March 4, 2024 The New Era of Social Media Resources March 4, 2024 Arrow Beyond the Research: Analyst Speaking Events Join us at upcoming events to hear from our experts Forum eCommerce Brasil 5 of the Biggest Global Digital Trends and What They Mean for Brazil: A data-driven look at tariffs, GenAI, TikTok Shop and more July 29-31 Distrito Anhembi, SP Zia Daniell Wigder eTail Boston Keynote Fireside Chat: Beating the Competition: Winning on the Basics of Product, Price and Convenience Keynote Fireside Chat: Modernizing an Iconic Brand: Winning Over A New Generation When You Have 115 Years of Heritage Aug 11-14 Sheraton Boston, MA Suzy Davidkhanian Finnovate Fall Sep 8-10 Shoptalk Europe How retailers can reach customers through digital channels 06/02/25 Barcelona, ESP Vlad Hanzlik → → In the News The world’s leading media publications regularly cite EMARKETER to inform their readers. Arrow Popular cooking and recipe website files Chapter 11 after layoffs December 30, 2025 Gen Z pushes TikTok shopping habits from budget to Burberry December 27, 2025 Gen Z pushes TikTok shopping habits from budget to Burberry December 27, 2025 TikTok shopping habits go from budget to Burberry December 25, 2025 VIEW Ellison steps in with personal guarantee as Paramount fights for Warner Bros December 22, 2025 How AI boom is pressuring videogame console industry in race for memory chips December 22, 2025 Media giant Essence launches a marketplace for Black women-led brands December 22, 2025 TikTok creators welcome deal to keep app in the U.S. December 20, 2025 TikTok creators welcome deal to keep app in the U.S. December 20, 2025 3 Ways Consolidation Will Hit Commerce Media in 2026 December 19, 2025 Arrow Explore what EMARKETER can provide for your industry . Learn More Plans & Pricing Advertising, Media and Marketing → Learn how marketers and advertisers are maximizing revenue through optimized spend and efficient targeting. Our research covers how they most effectively reach consumers and which channels have the most growth potential – both now and in the coming years. Retail & Ecommerce → Our Retail & Ecommerce research dives into how the world’s biggest retailers (and those with rising market share) are maximizing their revenue by reaching new buyers and refining their delivery processes. Understand where consumers are spending, what channels they are using to make purchases and how brands are reaching shoppers. Financial Services → Today’s leading financial services companies are winning the battle for customer loyalty by anticipating disruption and meeting consumer demand for a frictionless experience. Learn how incumbents and startups are managing their financial health, streamlining transactions, lowering barriers to entry and driving revenue through better digital experiences. Technology → Stay ahead of emerging technologies such as generative AI, AR/VR, wearables and more and how they are disrupting and shaping the future of business. Complete Coverage Areas → All of our research, data and insights covers a span of categories that are relevant for your key initiatives, from strategy, to planning and execution. Here’s what our clients have to say . Key decision-makers at the world’s leading brands share why they find EMARKETER research so critical to their operations. See Our Testimonials It can be hard to get clients to make a change. Forecast data from EMARKETER enables us to build confidence through data-backed strategies that help them align with industry trends and maximize the impact of their marketing investment. Alexia George Marketing Manager, Net Conversion The data is rock solid. It’s well respected and it helps illustrate to clients what their peers are doing, and make the case for when and how they should be spending their budgets. Lisa Lawrence Vice President of Sales Operations, Digital Marketing Group EMARKETER is my secret weapon. It’s one of the best sources for getting a foundational understanding of what is happening in media, where advertisers are spending dollars, where consumers are spending their time, and what’s projected to grow. Marie Tsang Portfolio Media Strategy Manager, PepsiCo Data-backed analysis gives us the ability to come up with unique and differentiating viewpoints, driven by an informed perspective we’re not getting from other sources. Having EMARKETER in our stack helps us make all of our data more actionable. Jennifer Schulties Senior Vice President, Head of Media, Doner Media Colgate-Palmolive engaged with EMARKETER to receive data and insights on digital commerce, digital media, predictions, regional trends and more. Their service provides facts and insights we use for reference and change management. Brigitte King Global Chief Digital Officer, Colgate-Palmolive EMARKETER’s PRO+ Forecasts tool has improved my advertising strategy development and credibility. It provides a multifaceted view of market trends through rich, insightful narratives. Todd Elbrink Strategist, Veritone One EMARKETER’s newly launched PRO+ forecast feature allows for ‘double clicks’ into the illustrated data, which provides further insights and contexts that often add texture to the overall analysis and story being told. Dowoo Lee VP, Integrated Media Strategy & Planning, DEPT Agency There are very few places that I feel like I’m getting interesting information that might spark an idea or get me to rethink what we’re doing—and EMARKETER is one of them. Ann Lewnes Executive Vice President and CMO, Adobe I’m constantly going into the database to look up the macro numbers, constantly benchmarking and asking, ‘At what pace does EMARKETER think things are going to grow?’ Jeff Green CEO and Co-Founder, The Trade Desk EMARKETER is a valuable resource that helps us navigate our customers’ changing landscape and understand their evolving needs. Stan Pavlovsky CEO, Shutterstock Become a client . Find out how EMARKETER research, data and insights empowers you to make informed strategic decisions for your company and teams. Become a Client Plans & Pricing Call Us: + 1-800-405-0844 Rigorously sourced and vetted data Proprietary and transparent, research methodology Timely, insightful and unbiased analysis Citable and reusable charts, insights, forecasts and datasets External credibility and validation for projects and initiatives EMARKETER Coverage Areas → Coverage Areas → Advertising & Marketing Ad Spending Media Social Media Video Browse All → Health Digital Health Healthcare Providers Mobile Health Telehealth Browse All → Ecommerce & Retail Consumer Behavior Coupons Loyalty Browse All → Technology Artificial Intelligence (AI) Cybersecurity Internet of Things (IoT) Mobile Browse All → Financial Services Banking Insurance Payments Wealth & Asset Management Browse All → More Topics Automotive Sports Telecom Travel Browse All → Geographies Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe EMARKETER Home Research Topics Forecasts About Us Careers Data Partnerships Media Services Advertising Opportunities Newsroom Events Free Content Newsletters Articles Podcasts Contact Us → Worldwide HQ One Liberty Plaza 9th Floor New York, NY 10006 1-800-405-0844 Sales Inquiries 1-800-405-0844 sales@emarketer.com * Copyright © 2025 EMARKETER Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Terms of Service Sitemap