AI, Live Chat and Messaging for Luxury Brands - INSIDE How to Emotionally Connect with Customers across Your Digital Platforms Download free white paper → By Industry Luxury Retail Council's Ai Chatbot Higher Education Office & Tech Retail Home Furnishings Jewelry Automotive Travel Resources Case Studies Client Success Stories Use Cases Learn with White Papers & Ebooks Blog Industry Insights & Best Practices Press Powerfront News Company About Us Meet the CEO Careers Pricing Environmental Sustainability Merchandise Contact Get Started INSIDE™ Agentic Ai Chatbot Achieving 90%+ self resolution rate Agentic Ai Chatbot > Seamless Escalation to Human Ai Assisted Luxury Retail Local Government Office & Tech Retail Higher Education Agentic Ai Chatbot at Try it out now Trusted by leading luxury groups Leading brands using INSIDE by Powerfront Your browser does not support the video tag. WATCH your DIGITAL platforms COME TO LIFE Deliver In-Store service, online The ultimate Ai Chatbot & video solution, INSIDE™ by Powerfront, enables brands to visually see their online customers in real-time, empowering sales & service teams to deliver data-driven, proactive, personalized omnichannel service to their online customers - just as they would in-person. The fun and animated avatars, visually represent your customers and their journey with your website, app, social messaging channels and marketing. From customized agent service to Autonomous Ai chatbot, we have features to suit every business, from small to enterprise. Autonomous Ai Chatbot Ai Chatbot handles over 90% of conversations autonomously according to information from your knowledge base. Co-pilot Ai Chatbot Ai Co-pilot serves as an assistant for human agents to deliver premium service across all platforms. Ai Multi-language Translation Our Ai Chatbot automatically identifies and translates the customer's spoken language to over 27 others. Internal Autonomous Ai Agents can get necessary clarifications and information on the spot based on the company's customized knowledge base. Live Chat Proactively engage in real-time using data-rich cues, live sentiment & dynamic links. Email Ticketing Ticketing system, channel management and full transparency. Omnichannel Experience Engage in simultaneous social media channels on one simple dashboard. Customer Journey Real-time, data-driven insights on customer behavior give agents cues for a greater level of personalized service. Clienteling App Create & manage client relationships by connecting online customers to in-store teams. Virtual Selling Virtual selling, one-on-one clienteling and convenient self-scheduling. Live Stream 1:Many Live shows, launches, virtual selling, direct add-to-cart and connect direct to agents. Shoppable Video Feed Interactive, immersive video shopping experience with add-to-cart and chat directly to agent capabilities. OMNICHANNEL Service A true Omnichannel platform - Chat to customers where they are We are the 360-view solution for connecting customers to service centers and store locations, communicating seamlessly across social platforms such as Live Chat, Email, Text, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Instagram, WeChat, Line and KakaoTalk, to name a few. Generate real revenue by proactively engaging and replying to your customer in real-time with our Ai Chatbot. Empower your team to deliver data-driven, proactive and personalized omnichannel service with our Ai Chatbot. The INSIDE™ platform is the only humanized Ai-powered chat solution in the world. 24/7 service and higher customer satisfaction: INSIDE™ Ai Chatbot handles over 90% of conversations, boosting your workflow effiency. Industries Luxury Optimize digital experiences & deliver hyper-personalized service across multiple regions & languages Learn more Ai Chatbot for Councils & Gov. Maximize your omnichannel productivity with our Ai Chatbot's Autonomous Generative Ai and Co-pilot Ai capabilities. Learn more. Learn more Retail Deliver a true end-to-end omnichannel experience & engage with support from both an Ai Chatbot and Human agents across multiple channels Learn more Home Furnishings Instantly recognize returning customers & proactively connect with Ai Chatbot support, Contact Center & In-Store experts Learn more Jewelry Expertly clientele across digital platforms whilst showcasing product in real-time with In-Store experts Learn more Automotive Connect clients with sales teams from local dealerships for real-time test drives, demonstrations & maintenance experiences Learn more Travel Recognize VIP passengers instantly & offer personalized assistance with bookings, leveraging both Ai Chatbot & Human support Learn more “At Lenovo we take pride in our innovation and smarter technology for all. The cool factor with Powerfront is that they do the same. They want to be the cutting-edge of what they do and we're working together to make that a reality.” Nicole Hutchinson INSIDE™ Sales Manager, Lenovo CUSTOMER FIRST Why choose Powerfront? We are a diverse group of passionate innovators and creators, committed to true customer-centricity. You will work with a dedicated Client Relations team who partner with you. It’s the little things, like customizing the chat pane to become authentic to your brand. Helping you create your first messages. Sharing wins and celebrations with your team. When you choose Powerfront you are choosing to deliver a high touch personalized customer service to your customers, where it matters how your customers feel. Your online visitors will be seen, recognized and valued. Meet our Powerfront Team today → Resources View all → Since implementing INSIDE, Lancome & Kiehl’s have both seen a 430% increase in conversion rates Lenovo achieves 48% YOY growth in chat revenue with INSIDE. Elevate your service platforms with INSIDE™ by Powerfront today Get a personalized demonstration of our engagement platform and Ai Chatbot's capabilties can help you create true customer-centricity for your business. Book a Demo Subscribe to our newsletter The latest industry insights, updates and resources sent to your inbox The only live chat solution that is designed to deliver online conversations in context to your customers journey using real-time smart data. © Powerfront Inc. 2025 All rights reserved Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Information © Powerfront Inc. 2025 All rights reserved Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Information