InSight Crime - Investigation and Analysis of Organized Crime Close About Us Newsletter Sign Up Donate Sign In Search for: Search Investigations Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles English Español Facebook Page Twitter Username Linkedin YouTube Instagram English Español Investigations News Analysis Special Series Multimedia Audio About Us Work With Us Events Countries: Mexico Colombia Guatemala Honduras El Salvador See All Topics: Criminal Profiles Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Other InSight Resources Venezuela Organized Crime Observatory Please Support Our Mission: Donate LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Close English Español Investigations News Analysis Special Series Multimedia Audio About Us Work With Us Events Countries: Mexico Colombia Guatemala Honduras El Salvador See All Topics: Criminal Profiles Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Other InSight Resources Venezuela Organized Crime Observatory Please Support Our Mission: Donate LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Skip to content Menu InSight Crime INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS OF ORGANIZED CRIME About Us Newsletter Sign Up Donate Sign In Menu Sign In Investigations Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles English Español Open Search Search for: Search Home News Environmental Crime GameChangers 2025: The Unstoppable Rise of Environmental Crime by María Fernanda Ramírez and Beatriz Vicent Fernández 30 Dec 2025 News Mexico GameChangers 2025: The 10-Year Evolution of Latin America’s Booming Marijuana Market by Juan Camilo Jaramillo 29 Dec 2025 News Migration and Crime GameChangers 2025: Migration Smuggling Market Goes From Boom to Bust by Victoria Dittmar and Sam Woolston 26 Dec 2025 News Mexico GameChangers 2025: Top Criminal Newsmakers This Year by Mike LaSusa and Deborah Bonello 23 Dec 2025 News Security Policy GameChangers 2025: How the Trump Administration Reset the Fight Against Organized Crime by Steven Dudley and Jeremy McDermott 22 Dec 2025 GameChangers 2025 For the last ten years, InSight Crime’s GameChangers series has documented the criminal dynamics reshaping the Americas. Our 2025 edition, out on December 22, examines the events and trends that defined not only this year but the last decade. Read the Series 16 Dec 2025 18 Dec 2025 News Environmental Crime How Organized Crime Threatens the Amazon’s Uncontacted Tribes 18 Dec 2025 18 Dec 2025 News Drug Policy What Happens Now That the US Has Labeled Fentanyl a WMD 16 Dec 2025 17 Dec 2025 News Oil Theft How Mexico’s Fuel Theft Market Went Transnational 16 Dec 2025 16 Dec 2025 See News Analysis See Our investigations Watch a rundown of InSight Crime’s 2025 GameChangers series, and don’t miss our event on January 9. Donate to attend More video Tren de Aragua 25 Apr 2025 MS13 3 Apr 2025 Barrio 18 14 Nov 2023 Sinaloa Cartel 19 May 2025 Zetas 30 Aug 2024 Trending: Check Out 2025’s Most-Read Criminal Profiles Criminal Profiles Our criminal profiles are always among our most-visited pages, and this year was no exception. Venezuela’s infamous Tren de Aragua, the Central American street gangs MS13 and Barrio 18, the Sinaloa Cartel and the Zetas in Mexico were the profiles that got the most interest online during 2025. Check out the links to each in our carousel, and Happy Holidays! Covering Organized Crime From the Field InSight Crime goes into the field to understand first-hand the criminal dynamics at play across Latin America and the Caribbean. We speak to local sources, government officials, and even the criminals themselves to deliver in-depth investigations. Mexico and Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama Caribbean Bahamas Barbados Caribbean Cuba Curaçao Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica Puerto Rico Trinidad and Tobago South America Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay Venezuela Latest Investigations View All Peace Never Had a Chance: Colombia’s ELN in Venezuela by Venezuela Investigative Unit 8 Dec 2025 8 Dec 2025 Trump Has Merged the War on Gangs and Immigration. Tennessee Shows How. by James Bargent 15 Oct 2025 7 Nov 2025 Abused and Pursued: How El Salvador’s State of Emergency Went International by Carlos Garcia 20 Aug 2025 3 Nov 2025 Tren de Aragua: Fact vs. Fiction by InSight Crime 17 Aug 2025 21 Aug 2025 Podcasts View All 08. He Met a Pilgrim Shadow 10 Apr 2025 2 Oct 2025 07. War Stories 27 Mar 2025 2 Oct 2025 06. The Strike 20 Mar 2025 2 Oct 2025 Impact The Organization Impact InSight Crime Investigator Talks Organized Crime at UN Forum InSight Crime investigator Victoria Dittmar spoke at the Global Humanitarian Policy Forum on December 11 to discuss the humanitarian implications and risks that organized crime… Keep reading The Organization Impact InSight Crime Co-director Analyzes Pardon of Former Honduras President InSight Crime Co-director Steven Dudley recently discussed the pardon of former Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernández with Marco Werman, host of The World public radio… Keep reading Stay Informed With InSight Crime Subscribe to our newsletter to receive a weekly digest of the latest organized crime news and stay up-to-date on major events, trends, and criminal dynamics from across the region. Sign up Donate today to empower research and analysis about organized crime in Latin America and the Caribbean, from the ground up. Donate We go into the field to interview, report , and investigate. We then verify, write, and edit, providing the tools to generate real impact. Our work is costly and high risk. Please support our mission investigating organized crime. Donate About Us Work With Us Investigations Latest News Analysis Special Series Multimedia Audio Events Countries Criminal Economies Criminal Dynamics Public Policy Criminal Profiles Information Processing Policies Privacy policy Refund policy Contact us Sponsored by Member of © 2025 InSight Crime Powered by Newspack Facebook Page Twitter Username Linkedin YouTube Instagram Sign in Close Sign in with Google Or Enter the code sent to your email. Email address Enter your password Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email. Continue Resend code Email me a one-time code instead Forgot password Create an account Sign in to an existing account Go back Continue Set a password (optional) Refund Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Gift this article Close Link Copy link Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent