We use cookies on our site to enhance your user experience, provide personalized content, and analyze our traffic.

Accept all
Reject non-essential
Preferences
Therapists
Topics
Retreats
Resources
About Us
Login
Get started
How can we help?
Sleep better
Reduce stress or anxiety
Meditation
Spirituality
Something else
Contemplation

Spaces and places to reflect, journal and track your feelings and thoughts.

Meditation

The world's largest library of free guided meditations with 300,000 tracks from psychologists, spiritual leaders and mindfulness teachers.

Sleep

Thousands of free meditations, nature sounds, ambient music and bedtime tales to help you get a better night's sleep.

Breathwork

Tap into the power of your breath by exploring a range of different breathwork techniques guided by certified teachers.

Yoga

Live yoga from the world's best teachers streaming throughout the day. For free.

Contemplation

Spaces and places to reflect, journal and track your feelings and thoughts.

Meditation

The world's largest library of free guided meditations with 250,000 tracks from psychologists, spiritual leaders and mindfulness teachers.

Find your next Retreat

Join Insight Timer retreats where real people create real connections in real time. Experience meditation, yoga, and wellness in extraordinary locations worldwide.

Upcoming Retreats

Meditation Retreats

Yoga Retreats

Health and Wellness Retreats

Self Discovery Retreats

Connect with Nature Retreats

Retreat Spotlight

New Year Meditation Retreat on Bowen Island

Hosted by Carolyn Anne Budgell

January 30 - February 1, 2026
Bowen Island, Canada

Bali Soul Journey: Nyepi Celebration and Spiritual Retreat

Hosted by Rev. Skip Jennings

March 14 - 27, 2026
Bali, Indonesia

Beautifully Regulated: A Full Day of Nurturing and Self-Care

Hosted by Dexter and Alessandrina

January 10, 2026
Sedona, AZ, United States

Deep Meditation: Grounding into Presence and self Compassion

Hosted by David Gandelman & Michael Galyon

February 5, 2026 - February 14, 2027
Boulder, CO, United States

The Heroine's Journey Residential Retreat: An Innovative Journey Of Womanliness and Self Discovery

Hosted by Jan Russell & Keziah Gibbons

April 20 - 24, 2026
England, United Kingdom

Becoming a New You: A Journey of Self-Reset

Hosted by Pablo Arellano

March 22 - 26, 2026
Laragh, Ireland

See More Retreats
An app you’ll use again and again

Wellness means different things to different people. With a focus on personalization and choice, more time is spent on Insight Timer than all other meditation apps.

12
Sessions (minutes)
2
High Intensity
Deep Engagement
Average Engagement
High Frequency

Calm

Headspace

Insight Timer

10
Monthly sessions
32
Get Started
Join 30 million people today to improve your wellbeing

Build out your own, personalized and effective wellness practice right here on Insight Timer today. For free.

Get Started