Instapundit Photos Contact RSS Other Writings Advertising PJ Media Search Follow December 31, 2025 GODSPEED, IRANIAN CITIZENS: “The Iranian uprising is a nightmare for the Western left. No Gaza, no profitable victimhood, no veil to defend, just a people who want freedom. So they look the other way, they stifle, they stay silent. The truth disturbs more than the mullahs.” #Iran https://t.co/NRFecFJsR4 — Sativa (@Sativa888) December 31, 2025 Posted at 7:13 pm by Glenn Reynolds #JOURNALISM: We found the first immigrants that liberal writers at the New York Times are prepared to criticise: white Americans pic.twitter.com/9Wab4CdRa3 — Drew Pavlou 🇦🇺🇺🇸🇺🇦🇹🇼 (@DrewPavlou) December 30, 2025 Posted at 7:00 pm by Glenn Reynolds POWER ISN’T THEIR CHIEF VALUE.  IT’S THEIR ONLY VALUE. Elon Musk: The people demanding vaccine passports are the same ones who say you don't need an ID to vote. “Hillary and Obama in prior speeches were hard-nosed about not letting in anyone who's a criminal into the country, having secure borders, all that stuff. So why did they… pic.twitter.com/xyJbqSrLsk — ELON CLIPS (@ElonClipsX) December 31, 2025 Posted at 7:00 pm by Glenn Reynolds DAVID IS TOO KIND HERE: Well, "Marxism Tonight," Woodrow Wilson literally imprisoned Eugene Debs, his Socialist opponent in the 1912 election, under the Alien & Sedition Act for making anti-war speeches in 1918, you illiterate retard https://t.co/HyXkxoIrCz — David Burge (@iowahawkblog) December 31, 2025 UPDATE (From Ed): The Hater’s Guide to Woodrow Wilson . “I come now not to explain Wilson, but to hate him. A national consensus on hating Wilson is long overdue. It is the patriotic duty of every decent American. While conservatives have particular reasons to detest Wilson, and all his works, and all his empty promises, there is more than enough in his record for moderates, liberals, progressives, libertarians, and socialists to join us in this great and unifying cause.” Posted at 6:31 pm by Stephen Green STAY STRONG: PEScience Select Protein Powder, Whey and Casein Blend. #CommissionEarned Posted at 6:12 pm by Helen Smith HAHA: Is our children learing? Posted at 6:00 pm by Glenn Reynolds UNEXPECTEDLY: Did I call it or did I call it? https://t.co/q6yi4Qum4R pic.twitter.com/Ii9UyuehbE — Bad Hombre (@Badhombre) December 31, 2025 Posted at 5:14 pm by Ed Driscoll THE 21ST CENTURY ISN’T TURNING OUT AS I HAD HOPED: AI model uses social media posts to predict unemployment rates ahead of official data. Posted at 5:00 pm by Glenn Reynolds FIGHTING TRIM: Navy doubles annual PT test requirement, updates failure guidelines. “The new policy also stipulates that sailors who fail three physical fitness assessments within four years will be processed for administrative separation, whereas the previous policy stated that two or more consecutive PFA failures would lead to the administrative separation process.” Posted at 4:52 pm by Stephen Green QUESTION ASKED: What if I told you our national debt is the tab for the mass looting of the American economy and the mass theft of the American dream? — Stephen Miller (@StephenM) December 31, 2025 Of course it is. But Ohio’s Republican governor responds ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ : Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine's office on potential fraud at childcare centers in Columbus– which has the second highest Somali population in America: "This is something that is unfortunately the cost of doing business." pic.twitter.com/hCE3B0b3Dz — Greg Price (@greg_price11) December 31, 2025 Posted at 4:45 pm by Ed Driscoll DIMINISHED LEFTY INFLUENCE, GOOD. HAVING THEM COME BACK TO X… YUCK: Blooosky is coming back to Twitter. Big cultural defeat. They didn’t have any gravitational pull and they became nearly invisible when they left. Libs’ cultural power is dramatically diminished and will have to face a new reality that contradicts their bloated self importance. https://t.co/ed2Xl42meI — Coddled Affluent Professional (@feelsdesperate) December 31, 2025 Posted at 4:36 pm by Stephen Green OH SWELL, NOW I NEED TO CHANGE ALL MY SUMMER VACATION PLANS: Mali and Burkina Faso announce reciprocal travel ban on US citizens . Posted at 4:30 pm by Ed Driscoll STEAK, LIKE BEER, IS PROOF THAT GOD LOVES YOU AND WANTS YOU TO BE HAPPY: In Defense of Steak: Listen to Your Body, not the Bug People. Posted at 4:21 pm by Stephen Green LIMITED TIME DEAL: TurboTax Desktop Deluxe 2025, Federal & State Tax Return. #CommissionEarned Posted at 4:16 pm by Helen Smith OLD AND BUSTED: Annexing Greenland. The New Hotness? Donald Trump enters 2026 as the real leader of Europe . Forget Friedrich Merz, Emmanuel Macron, or Ursula von der Leyen. Donald Trump emerged in 2025 as the real leader of Europe, and 2026 is only likely to cement his position. In just the first year of his second term, Trump’s administration has shaken Europe’s foundations to the core, with a far more assertive and effective approach towards transatlantic relations compared to the previous Biden administration. The impact is being felt at every level, not least by European voters. A striking recent story in Politico (“Trump dominates democracy in Europe”) highlighted the results of a 10,000-person poll, showing that he was viewed as “strong and decisive” compared to their own leaders by 74 per cent of Germans, 73 per cent of Frenchmen, and 69 per cent of Britons. The corresponding figures for the leaders of Germany, France and the UK were 26 per cent, 27 per cent and 31 per cent respectively. Trump may not be loved in Europe, but he is increasingly respected as a force to be reckoned with. Europeans evidently view him as a towering presence in shaping their destiny. Trump is often erroneously accused of being an isolationist. The truth is he has taken a far keener interest in Europe than his predecessors and has been actively involved in helping shape the continent’s future. He is the most transatlanticist American president since Ronald Reagan, and views rescuing Europe as a vital national interest for the United States. His approach toward Europe is nothing short of revolutionary. He is the first US president to challenge the European Project, and his end goal is momentous: saving Western civilisation itself. We will be greeted as liberators (again.) Posted at 4:14 pm by Ed Driscoll CIVIL RIGHTS UPDATE: After 26 Years, Gary, Indiana’s Long-Running Lawfare Assault on Gun Makers Finally Comes to an End. Posted at 4:00 pm by Glenn Reynolds YES. NEXT QUESTION? Is it time for trade school? Gen Z workers are turning to skilled trades jobs, reports Sophia Hernandez for NBC6 in South Florida. While Gen Z workers are 14 percent of the workforce, they were nearly one in four hires in skilled trades jobs last year, according to Gusto. Arturo Rodriguez, 20, is apprenticing as an industrial electrician with Horsepower Electric after completing lineman and electrical classes at Miami Dade College North. He takes pride in his work. “If I do something and I, I wired it up or I do it from scratch, I enjoy doing that and knowing that I did that on myself or with the help of somebody,” he said. He’s getting paid while he trains. Forty-two percent of Gen Zers are working in or pursuing a blue-collar or skilled trade job, including 37% of those with a bachelor’s degree, according to a May survey by Resume Builder. Men are much more likely than women to choose blue-collar careers. So much of GenZ — and I don’t just say this because both my sons are members — seems to have looked at the changing landscape, adjusted accordingly, and gone to work without much complaint. Posted at 3:50 pm by Stephen Green THAT WOULD EXPLAIN A LOT, ACTUALLY: Did God Send Islam to PUNISH Mankind? As I never tire of reminding people, I always learn a lot from Raymond Ibrahim’s video podcasts. Posted at 3:19 pm by Stephen Green PUT AIR IN YOUR TIRES: Airmoto Tire Inflator Portable Air Compressor . #CommissionEarned Posted at 3:02 pm by Helen Smith TEXAS: Musk Backs Wilco GOP Chair In Tranny Bathroom Wars. “Via Holly Hansen in The Texan News comes a culture war skirmish that checks off a lot of this blog’s interest boxes: Williamson County GOP Chair Michelle Evans had her phone seized documenting a man using the women’s restroom, and now she has a powerful ally in the war against transsexual madness.” Posted at 2:48 pm by Stephen Green JAMES PIERESON: Norman Podhoretz: the Undeceived . In the wake of Hamas’s terrorist attacks on Israel on October 7, 2023, many observers assumed that the massacre would release a wave of sympathy for the Jewish state and for Jews around the world. That would have been the logical expectation. After all, some 1,400 Israelis and Jews from other nations were killed in the attacks, and more than 200 were taken into Gaza as hostages. Yet, something altogether different happened: the attacks unleashed a barrage of criticism against Israel, along with a resurgence of anti-Semitism in the United States and Western Europe. Jews were victims twice over: first in the terror attacks; second, in the response to them. That may have been part of the plan all along, since anti-Israel marchers hit the streets almost as soon as the event occurred. Nevertheless, the counterintuitive response took many by surprise. Among those not surprised was Norman Podhoretz, who died on December 16, one month shy of his 96th birthday. Podhoretz was widely known for his transition in the late 1960s from radicalism to conservatism, in defiance of views widely and vehemently held by those who then dominated New York’s intellectual scene. In rejecting his youthful views and, much worse, turning himself into a conservative, Podhoretz became an outcast among his former friends, as he chronicled in Ex Friends , one of his later books. But by turning in those credentials, he won a larger following not only among Jews but also among many Americans who were not Jewish and had never stepped foot in Manhattan but looked to him, and to Commentary , the magazine he edited, for guidance in cutting through the fashionable left-wing views that they encountered in schools, Hollywood movies, and television news programs. It was a response that he did not expect but certainly welcomed. Moreover, the concerns that caused him to change his views more than a half century ago were basically the same as those that led his allies today to lament the resurgence of anti-Semitism and hostility to Israel after the October 7. Podhoretz saw decades ago, as he saw recently, that an irrational and deeply rooted animus existed on the left toward Israel, linked to a parallel animus toward the United States. The more successful these countries are, the more the organized Left despises them. As much as anything, Podhoretz’s recognition of these twin impulses led him along a path toward conservatism, and turned him into the most influential editor and public intellectual of the postwar era. Read the whole thing. Posted at 2:35 pm by Ed Driscoll WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU COMBINE STATE CORRUPTION WITH NEW DEAL WRONG-HEADEDNESS? YOU GET GAVIN NEWSOM’S CALIFORNIA: I for one am SHOCKED 😱😐 pic.twitter.com/RMdvBFn88q — CCP IS ASSHOE (@CCPISASSH0E) December 30, 2025 Posted at 2:32 pm by Stephen Green TO BE FAIR, I AM PROBABLY DELICIOUS: Would my dog or cat really eat me if I died alone? Posted at 2:30 pm by Glenn Reynolds KURT SCHLICHTER: Republicans Are Slowly ‘Learing’ How to Fight the Democrats . This is an opportunity for the Republicans, and they had better not blow it. There must be merciless investigations. There must be prosecutions , including of Tim Waltz and others, if they appear criminally liable for tolerating, or even aiding and abetting, this looting of the public purse. We need to be careful here – we are foreclosed both by God’s prohibition on bearing false witness and the utilitarian consideration that the last thing we want to do is not be able to get a conviction should we criminally charge someone. But if we do criminally charge them, having found probable cause to do so, that may make it break through the regime media and the Democrat denials. There are some Democrats who aren’t completely psychotic, and they will oppose public corruption. Sure, a huge number will excuse it, or even argue that it’s a good thing, but there’s something about Nick Shipley‘s video of empty offices that get millions of dollars a year that can even raise doubts in loyal Democrat voters. That’s why this is a golden opportunity for the GOP. You’ve got to be either getting paid off yourself or completely nuts to accept corruption. There are a few Democrats who are neither, but there are a lot of independents who are neither, and this is a winning issue. It’s also highly effective. The Democrat machine runs on government money. This is why they screamed so hard when we turned off the USAID spigot. And that’s why it’s going to be so effective as we tighten the controls on money going to illegal aliens. Almost everything they do can be traced back to siphoning off government money. That’s where the Republicans need to focus. We need to starve the Democrat machine of cash. We need to demonstrate their perfidy with targeted prosecutions of real crimes. And we need 100 guys like Nick Shirley out there with their iPhones, finding the truth that the Democrats and the regime media have hidden, just like Andrew Breitbart wanted. Republicans, surprise us. Don’t screw this up. This should be the issue for the GOP in 2026, given the level of corruption involved and that Minnesota has been a near-Democrat-monopoly state for about 80 years now . But alas, next year will serve up plenty of GOP failure theater instead: House Probes Minnesota Fraud: Walz & Ellison Invited – X Users Predict No-Show & Kabuki Theater . Posted at 2:22 pm by Ed Driscoll FOR VIP MEMBERS: A Very VodkaPundit Look Back at 2025. Posted at 2:17 pm by Stephen Green As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Chris Anderson Barone Blog Dave Barry Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Neal Boortz Brain Terminal Breitbart.com David Corn The Corner Cox and Forkum Jules Crittenden Daily Howler Day By Day DefenseTech Drudge Report Kevin Drum David Frum Jim Geraghty Dan Gillmor Hit and Run Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jurist JWR Kausfiles Larry Kudlow Howard Kurtz Michelle Malkin Josh Marshall MediaBistro The Note Martin Peretz PoliticalWire Virginia Postrel RealClearPolitics Red State Scott Rosenberg SciTech Daily Walter Shapiro Michael Silence SlashDot Mark Steyn Don Surber Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media TownHall.com Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Gary Farber Flit Fraters Libertas Rich Galen Gene Expression Slate.com Jennifer Rubin Anchoress Gateway Pundit Andrew Malcolm Pure Bloggers The Agitator Alphecca Ann Althouse Charles Austin Professor Bainbridge Baldilocks Jack Balkin La Shawn Barber Baseball Crank Howard Bashman N.Z. Bear Mitch Berg Bigwig BitchGirls Blackfive Tim Blair Blogosferics Blogs of War Rebecca Blood Moira Breen Edward Boyd Stuart Buck Burchismo Mark Byron Capt. Ed Brian Carnell ChicagoBoyz Joshua Claybourn Cold Fury John Cole Ed Cone Colby Cosh Clayton Cramer Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Cori Dauber Deinonychus Brad DeLong Steven Den Beste Nick Denton Martin Devon Discriminations DPM Daniel Drezner Ed Driscoll John Ellis Dean Esmay The Fat Guy Fight Aging! Dr. Frank FuturePundit Geek Press Jeff Goldstein Stephen Green Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Rich Hailey Heather Havrilesky Jim Henley William Hobbs Kevin Holtsberry The Homeless Guy Denise Howell Matthew Hoy Diana Hsieh IMAO InkWell Iraq the Model InstaLawyer Joanne Jacobs Jeff Jarvis Jessica's Well Brothers Judd Kate Kesher Talk Lynne Kiesling Kathy Kinsley Dave Kopel Jason Kottke Kitchen Cabinet Larry Lessig James Lileks Brian Linse Listen Missy Katie Granju Derek Lowe Donald Luskin Megan McArdle Jay Manifold Master of None MCJ Jim Miller MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mudville Gazette Eric Muller Charles Murtaugh Robert Musil NanoDot No Watermelons Obscure Store Andrew Olmsted Walter Olson Howard Owens Suman Palit Damian Penny Bill Peschel Photon Courier David Pinto Jerry Pournelle Power Line Bill Quick Rabbit Blog Rantburg Eric S. Raymond RealClearPolitics RedState Right Wing News Robin Roberts Milt Rosenberg Samizdata John Scalzi SCSU Scholars Doc Searls Andrea See Donald Sensing Stefan Sharkansky Silent Running Laurence Simon Roger L. Simon Skippy Mike Silverman Rand Simberg Natalie Solent Spoons Bjorn Staerk Reid Stott TalkLeft Michael Totten Jim Treacher Eve Tushnet Ublog Howard Veit The Volokh Conspiracy Will Warren Dr. Weevil John Weidner Matt Welch Bill Whittle Sissy Willis Winds of Change Dave Winer Meryl Yourish Yuppies of Zion Zeyad Correspondence Committee About FAQ Podcasts Advertising Terms of Use InstaPundit is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a
                means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com . About FAQ Podcasts Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy California – Do Not Sell My Personal Information California – CCPA Notice Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off.