InstaVision :: Smart safety and security powered by AI Home Our platform Solutions Optimization Benefits Functionality Platform Details Services Support Contact us InstaVision Smart safety and security powered by AI Vision AI platform on the cloud Contact us Our open platform super charges any IP camera with Artificial Intelligence Human Detection Car Detection Created by Larea from the Noun Project Senior Care Pet Care Swimming Pool Safety Fire Detection Package Detection Monitoring Services Baby Sleep & Breathing P2p Service Subscription Management Storage Services OTA (Over The Air) Updates Login Services Live Live Stream User Management Baby Well Being Emergency Response Integration Pet Care Home Security All in one AI Solution User friendly app design OTA: Platform supports over the air updates (OTA) and
                            helps
                            endusers stay updated on the latest software version of the camera Unique UI: InstaVision  focuses on end user
                            experience and has invested heavily in UI/UX design and research to provide the best
                            experience
                            for end users Optimized algorithms Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Optimized for instant streaming (Even faster than Edge AI) Customer support for end users InstaVision provides end users customer support through email, chat and phone call. Helping our
                        partners to maintain positive relationships with end users, enhancing customer satisfaction, and
                        fostering loyalty Marketing support for partners Marketing content support: InstaVision will distribute through its partners localized marketing
                        content
                        such as video, images and product descriptions. Such content can be used on ecommerce sites such
                        as
                        amazon.com as well as on social media and blogs. Driving traffic to your listings: InstaVision spends millions of dollars in the local regions to
                    drive
                    traffic to InstaVision powered cameras. This helps our OEM and reseller partners sell more cameras
                    in
                    the
                    retail channel. Our Cloud Solution Benefits FASTER ITERATIONS SCALABILITY EASIER INTEGRATION LESS RESOURSE CONSTRAINTS LOWER COST HARDWARE FUTURE PROOF Camera Functionality No AI chip needed Our cloud platform allows for Unhindered scalability Sofisticated AI models AI Capability updates Camera Types P2P+ and relay capability The platform supports seamless and uninterrupted live-streaming capability that is fast
                                and
                                reliable Two way audio Added functionality and convenience in variuos settings, enhancing both security and
                                communication capabilities Camera types The platform can connect to both A/C and battery cameras. All types of indoor, outdoor,
                                and
                                doorbell products are supported by InstaVision platform. The SDK built to support the
                                various
                                camera types have Linux as well as real time operating system interface. Platform Details Video Storage The platform provides different storage options for end users depending on the applications,
                            we
                            offer
                            options on days of storage from 1 day to 6 months Software security Our platform is SOC II compliant, and we take great care in data privacy and security
                            complaiance certificate Infastructure agnostic Our platform is built on kubernetes giving us the flexibility to deploy on different cloud
                            service
                            providers such as AWS, Azure, Digital ocean, Ali-cloud etc. P2P+ and relay capability Take basic IP camera functionality to new heights. From intelligent person, vehicle, animal,
                        package
                        and
                        breathing detection all done on the cloud. Leverage cloud to reduce the camera cost, eliminating
                        the
                        need for an AI chip. InstaVision Created by papergarden from the Noun Project Low cost IP cameras Seemless integration Data driven insights Scalability in any market Easily integrate our platform with your existing IP camera systems, providing your clients
                            with
                            a
                            seamless upgrade to advanced AI-enhanced surveillance Whether you or your clients have a few hundred cameras millions of them, our platform scales
                            effortlessly to meet their needs. P2P+ and relay capability Take basic IP camera functionality to new heights. From intelligent person, vehicle, animal, package
                    and
                    breathing detection all done on the cloud. Leverage cloud to reduce the camera cost, eliminating the
                    need for
                    an AI chip. InstaVision Created by papergarden from the Noun Project Low cost IP cameras Seemless integration Data driven insights Scalability in any market Easily integrate our platform with your existing IP camera systems, providing your clients with
                        a
                        seamless
                        upgrade to advanced AI-enhanced surveillance Whether you or your clients have a few hundred cameras millions of them, our platform scales
                        effortlessly to
                        meet their needs. Supporting chip sets InstaVision's SDK was designed to integrate with most chip sets. And we are constantly
                            adding
                            more. Request SDK InstaVision results 25K 1.2K manufacturing partners 536K cameras activated Contact us www.instavision.ai sales@instavision.ai InstaVision,2244 Faraday Avenue ,Carlsbad, California 92008, USA Linkedin Twitter Send InstaVision Inc Privacy Policy Terms and
                        Conditions We are SOC 2 Type II compliant