Canvas Studio | Instructure | Instructure Skip to main content Utility-inst Partners The EdTech Collective Channel Partners Support Login Canvas Canvas Credentials Student ePortfolio Mastery Connect Elevate Data Sync LearnPlatform by Instructure Try Canvas Free EN Close modal Select your location English North America Español Español English Asia-Pacific Italiano Italiano English United Kingdom Nederlands Dutch Deutsch Deutsch Português Português 日本語 Japanese 한국어 Korean Reset language preference Clear redirect preference Menu Main - inst Main Menu Why Instructure Why Instructure Instructure is greater than the sum of its parts: It's where the best edtech, the best partners, and the best community unite. Read more Ecosystem Overview Connected solutions for learning, assessment, and credentials support success at every stage of education. Our Partners Our ecosystem is open for innovation. Meet the industry's most extensive network of vetted partners. Our Community Collaborate, innovate, and succeed with fellow educators and technologists in the ultra-engaged Instructure Community. Our Customers See who's transforming teaching and learning through future-ready technology. Featured Resource Blog Simplifying Digital Learning with Seamless Canvas Integration Learn more Solutions K-12 Your source for K–12 tools and insights Higher Education A digital hub for higher education Business and Government Tools to upskill teams and streamline certifications Back K–12 Amplify teaching and improve learning with comprehensive K–12 LMS solutions. Learn more Solutions by Need Teaching and Learning Comprehensive Assessment Leadership Development Back Higher Education Simplify course delivery, boost retention, and improve academic outcomes. Learn More Solutions by Need Teaching and Learning Data and Insights Student Engagement and Success Competency-Based Education Continuing Education and Career Readiness Back Business and Government Drive real results with learning solutions for businesses and government agencies. Learn More Solutions by Need Employee Development Customer Education Member Training High School Equivalency Featured Resource eBook Your Guide to Choosing a Learning Management System Learn more Products Canvas The world's most-loved LMS Mastery Standards-aligned assessments Parchment Secure, verified credentials Platform Enhancements AI, insights, analytics, and more Back Canvas Deliver dynamic learning experiences to every student, everywhere. Learn more Studio Catalog Back Mastery Inform and improve teaching and learning with high-quality assessments and actionable insights. Learn more Assessments Item Bank Back Parchment Help institutions manage records, employers verify skills, and learners access opportunity. Learn more Award Pathways Services Back Platform Enhancements Improve edtech use, instruction, and outcomes with smart tools and smart insights. LearnPlatform Impact Intelligent Insights IgniteAI Services Featured Resource eBook Laying the Groundwork for Effective Edtech Learn more Resources The Resource Center Find answers and education inspiration in our Resource Center. Learn more AI Resources Blogs Case Studies Ebooks & Buyer’s Guides Infographics Podcast Product Overviews Research Videos Connect Drop us a line, give us a call, or get in touch with one of our regional offices. Newsroom Press Releases Canvas Network Events On-Demand Webinars InstructureCon 2025 InstructureCon 2026 Featured Resource Webinar Migration Myth Busting: The Truth About Switching Your LMS Watch on-demand About Us Our Mission Our mission is to help learners thrive in tomorrow’s landscape by delivering a future-ready ecosystem. Company Overview The makers of Canvas LMS, Instructure is an education technology company that's obsessed with student success. Leadership Meet the folks leading Instructure's mission. Careers Learn about our company, check out our open positions, and come join our crew of smart, fun, innovative people. Featured Resource Case Study Supporting One of the Largest Sports Organizations with Canvas LMS Learn more Let's Connect Utility-inst-Login-only Login Canvas Canvas Credentials Student ePortfolio Mastery Connect Elevate Data Sync LearnPlatform by Instructure Canvas Studio Break the fourth wall with interactive video learning. Video doesn't automatically equal engagement. But with Canvas Studio, you can turn passive watching into active learning—right within the Canvas LMS. Book a demo Canvas Studio | 2 Minute Overview Watch now Put learners in the director's chair With Canvas Studio, learners practice higher-order thinking skills through active participation. Learner-created content Learners can produce their own videos as assignment submissions, presentations, peer feedback, or ways to practice. Peer-to-peer collaboration Learners can discuss the content with peers via threaded inline comments and offer feedback on peers' video submissions. Educator input Learners benefit from timely, specific feedback on their video submissions and reflective annotations on assigned content. The Wild West: Good video content, bad content management system. People have strong feelings about video delivery methods. Canvas Studio caters to all of them, while keeping your content under control. Add from anywhere Both learners and instructors can upload videos—or link from YouTube—straight to their courses. They can even screen record right within browser. Centralize and organize Create, organize, and share video content, in all major formats, from your own Canvas-hosted media library. Built-in insight tools make it easy for educators to understand the effectiveness of video content. Engagement Understanding Grading See who's watching what and if/where engagement drops off, so you can adjust content as needed. Add inline quizzing to gauge understanding of key concepts and offer immediate feedback. A deep integration with Canvas means you can apply rubrics with SpeedGrader and submit quiz grades to the Gradebook. And now: our feature presentation Interactive learning and engagement In-video discussions Embedded quizzes YouTube Player for Education In-video discussions Learning happens when participants are prompted to react, critique, interact, and ask questions in the moment. No matter where learners are watching from, Studio allows them to bounce ideas around, ask each other questions, and give each other feedback by commenting directly on the videos they're all watching. Embedded quizzes By adding quiz questions directly into the video timeline, educators can prompt learners to demonstrate their understanding of a subject or skill as they go—while increasing their likelihood of engagement with the content. Distraction-free + continued student privacy This integration streams YouTube videos in Canvas Studio without distractions, recommendations, or link-backs. It also keeps viewers anonymous to YouTube through a “signed-out” viewing state and provides captioning from YouTube to maintain accessibility. Accessibility Auto-captions and caption files Adaptive streaming Auto-captions and caption files Canvas Studio provides editable automatic captions, caption uploads and downloads, and integrations with professional captioning services to make your video content ultra-accessible. Educators can edit caption files in real time, in their choice of 19 languages, and captions are preserved when trimming or sharing media. Adaptive streaming Adaptive streaming makes it possible for more learners to access video content, regardless of their internet bandwidth. Content creation Media library Media editor Integration with video platforms Media library Create, deliver, host, and organize video content in all major formats in your own intuitive media library that simplifies video content management. You can also share libraries among colleagues. Media editor After uploading a file to your media library, use the Studio media editor to easily make changes. Videos from virtually anywhere, all inside Canvas Canvas Studio integrates seamlessly with the video platforms users know and love, so that they don't have to waste time converting file formats or searching for content elsewhere. They can tap into the ever-expanding library of videos in YouTube, Vimeo, Zoom, and more, and interact with the assets right inside Canvas LMS. They can also natively screen capture and record with Studio Capture (for Chrome and Edge). Educator and admin insights Video insights Admin analytics Admin media management Video insights See details about how viewers interact with your media from the Insights media tab. Canvas Studio Insights show usage metrics, interactive graphs, and a searchable viewer list that displays individual viewer completion rates. You can also export the viewer list as a CSV file. Admin analytics As an admin, you can view usage data for your institution's Studio account. Media analytics include data about media count, duration, storage, and the number of courses with embedded media. User analytics include the number of users in your account, as well as the top ten users by upload and storage. Admin media management Studio Admins can view and manage your institution's entire account. You can search to locate media or sort media by course use, user name, or alphabetical order. You can also see upload and viewing history, tag and delete media, and manage users' details, roles, and media libraries. Learn more about Instructure Ebooks & Buyer’s Guides Canvas Studio Guide: K-12 Edition Read More Infographics 5 Ways to Boost Engagement with Canvas Studio Read More canvas_studio_for_business_and_government_-_thumbnail_1.png Product Overviews Canvas Studio for Business and Government Read More There's so much you can do with interactive video Canvas customers are using Studio in all kinds of creative ways, from K–12 to professional development. We'd love to hear your ideas and show you what's possible with Studio. Book a demo Home North America 6330 S 3000 E, Suite 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84121, USA Europe Rivington House, 82 Great Eastern Street London, England Asia Pacific Bridgetowne, C-5 Road Ugong Norte, Quezon City, Philippines Social LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube ©2025 Instructure, Inc. All rights reserved. Footer Utility Privacy California Privacy Notice Cookie Settings Do Not Sell My Personal Information Modern Slavery Act Acceptable Use Data Processing Status Footer - Inst Why Instructure Why Instructure Instructure Ecosystem Our Partners Our Community Our Customers Security Accessibility Privacy Customers Advocacy Case Studies Community Products Canvas Mastery Parchment All Products Services Solutions K-12 Higher Ed Business and Government About Us Company Overview Leadership Careers AI Principles Contact Us