Instra Domain Name Servers (DNS) About Us Domain Names ENUM Technology Contact Us Instra Corporation, a global leader in domain names and ENUM services, has developed the InstraDNS Platform to meet the Domain Name Server (DNS) hosting needs of domain name registries worldwide. InstraDNS Platform Instra Corporation, a global leader in domain names and ENUM services, has developed the InstraDNS Platform to meet the Domain Name Server (DNS) hosting needs of domain name registries worldwide. The InstraDNS platform is custom-built from bottom-up and is deployed across four continents worldwide. Registry operators will be able to enjoy fast, robust and reliable DNS hosting with the InstraDNS Platform. Diverse Geographical IP Network We have carefully selected carriers in various locations worldwide to provide the DNS resolution in the shortest possible time by redirecting DNS queries to its nearest DNS node. Enterprise Infrastructure Our global DNS system is hosted in world-class data centers with multiple upstream providers, which minimizes the risk of any single network outage bringing any of our DNS nodes offline. High Value DNS Hosting Services We provide various DNS hosting plans to cater to different registry needs. Registry operators get to choose the hosting tier based on the volume of the DNS queries that they receive. In that way, each registry operator uses a customized plan according to his or her needs. Extensive Operational Experience The staff at Instra Corporation has many years of experience designing, implementing and maintaining various DNS frameworks. We have a team of engineers working around the clock 24/7 to monitor the availability and performance of the DNS nodes to ensure service levels. Compliance with ICANN & IETF standards Instra is represented in ICANN and various IETF working groups. Our staff are always abreast of the current Internet guidelines, policies and standards surrounding DNS services. This
          knowledge allows us to pre-empt any loopholes in the system that can be exploited. This is so that we can ensure that our service is safe, reliable and robust for all users. Proven Track Record The InstraDNS platform is currently used exclusively by the tier-0 enum registry, e164.ph. Contact us If you represent an existing domain name registry and would like to find out more about the InstraDNS platform,  please contact us at info@instra.com Contact Us: info@instra.com Copyright © 1997-2009 Instra Corporation . All Rights Reserved.