Home | Publisher Experiences | COOL Media (formerly Insticator) Publisher Experiences Media & Attribution DCO & Creative Automation Franchise & Multi-Location Publisher Experiences Supply-Side Platform Solutions Supply-Side Platform Commenting Content Engagement Advertisers Case Studies News Blog Press Releases Be COOL The Experience Matters We help publishers build & grow their online communities by driving acquisition, engagement and unique experiences for users. Trusted by top publishers, brands, and agencies 84% Increase in Commenting 9% Engagement Rate 200% Increase in Monthly Unique Users User Experience The experience provided to users is what determines whether they’ll engage or ignore, subscribe or cancel, stick around or disappear, buy or brush-over, love or hate your site, your brand, your content. Partner Experience The experience matters in the partners you choose as well, whether they have the experience to build a vibrant user community and take it to the next level, or whether they’ll squander the connections you’ve already made... We have the experience that matters to build you Experiences That Matter Our Products powered by AI Put us to work and discover what our suite of industry-leading engagement and monetization products can do for you! Supply-Side Platform Commenting Content Engagement Supply-Side Platform Our Supply Side Platform utilizes 1st party data collected from our engagement products, in combination with our unique direct demand from our owned media specialties; which allows us to drive higher bids from the DSPs and Advertisers we work with by supplying them a more targeted audience. Explore > Level up your targeting We have collected over 100 million hashed email addresses that creates better targeting and higher CPMs for the publishers we partner with. Made for a post-cookie world Post-cookie proof monetization via our integrations with the top identity providers. Built for scalability The supply-side platform (SSP) allows publishers to offer ad space in an effective and scalable way. Fully compliant Fully GDPR & CCPA Compliant. Commenting Community Get your visitors spending more time on your site while gathering trends of their interests with our Commenting, Article Sentiment, and Trending Now products. Explore > AI + human moderation We believe humans are better than bots, and our team of human moderators are fully equipped to take on the task of keeping your comments brand safe. Portability from other commenting tools Our clean, user-friendly interface is designed to deliver a consistent, premium experience across screens of all shapes and sizes. Seamless cross-screen experience We’ll port what’s already on your site, including user names, comment history, and email addresses. Lose nothing! Community gamification Encourage positive user interaction and increased engagement with Reputation Points. Content Engagement Engage your audience with poll, trivia, and content discovery units. Explore > Capture the pulse of your audience With our interactive content engagement units, publishers have the power to create custom trivia and poll questions, and track responses in our user-friendly publisher portal. Managed services at no cost Our talented in-house Content Team will create custom trivia and poll questions tailored to your audience(s) and brand goals. Native content recirculation with spotlight Boost the visibility of any article across your network, and keep readers on your site, by featuring it in a Spotlight card. Email sign-ups made easy Grow your subscriber list where readers are most engaged. Email Sign-Ups are 100% opt-in and privacy safe. Our Case Studies Maximizing Revenue: COOL Media’s SSP is one of Aditude’s Top 5 Demand Partners Over a 30-day period, COOL Media’s solution outperformed Disqus across all KPIs. Our Commenting solution outperformed the competition in analytics transparency and engagement KPIs in a single quarter and helped The Washington Times build a thriving commenting community View More “Collaborating with COOL Media’s Publisher Experiences’ solution has been a positive experience for Aditude. Their team has consistently demonstrated a deep understanding of our goals and a commitment to delivering innovative solutions that drive revenue and engagement. Their Demand Marketplace has enabled us to access premium demand sources and maximize value for our publishers. Working with Zack and the team has been nothing short of exceptional, and their dedication to our success is truly commendable.” Jared Siegal CEO of Aditude “The team behind the Publisher Experiences solution are a genuine pleasure to deal with, they are professional and friendly and they really know what they're talking about. They are also very proactive in finding ways to maximize revenue generated by site visitors beyond standard ad placement. Even the smallest of questions are dealt with professionally and lightning fast. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a complete ad management solution.” Katie Deverill Operations Manager, Company Check “COOL Media’s Publisher Experiences solution has ensured consistent monetization across our ad stack. The greatest benefit, aside from revenue lift, has been partnering with them on making their publisher offering one of the best available. Incredibly responsive on any sort of customer service issue and consistently making sure they have the most comprehensive reporting possible.” John Gaudelli Affiliate Manager, Shmoop “Their account management team is attentive. They were also very patient with us as we worked through a longer-than-typical internal implementation process. They also have an amazing ad ops team that generate significant revenue in addition to the engagement from the widget.” Tim Turner Program Manager, Blox Digital “The Publisher Experiences solution is a solid option for additional revenue and bidding pressure in our stack. They are consistently among our top performing partners.” Lon Hatch Manager, Programmatic Yield, KSL Industry Accreditations Get In Touch COOL AI Mission Press releases About Careers Adtech of westeros 2022 2023 2025 the COOL company  ©  All Rights Reserved. Media & Attribution Capabilities Performance Measurement Brand Measurement Blog Press Releases DCO & Creative Automation Dynamic Creative Optimization Self-Service CMP Cookieless CTV Creations News Legal Notice Terms & Conditions GDPR Franchise & Multi-Location Channels Insights Blog Press Releases Publisher Experiences Supply-Side Platform Commenting Content Engagement Advertisers Case Studies Blog Press Releases PathUp Podcast Help Center Developer Documentation Terms Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Supply-Side Platform CTV Monetization DOOH Monetization Website Monetization Mobile App Monetization Demand Marketplace Case Studies Blog Press Releases