Instaread - Key Insights from Books, In Minutes Discover apps Search search Try Instaread local_library Login perm_identity Stay Curious Get Smarter Be Entertained Find Inspiration Save Time Stay Curious Enjoy access to bestselling book summaries and premium content from our partners, all available in 15-minute audio or text segments. Try Instaread Get Smarter Instantly unlock the knowledge contained in the world's best books. Find Inspiration Get the best ideas from leading business mavericks, health gurus, political pundits, and trailblazing scientists. On the Go Eyes on the road? Hands on the barbells? No problem: all Instareads are converted to audio for your listening pleasure. Available in audio & text formats. Mobile, tablet, and desktop. Unlimited access on desktop, android-optimized mobile-web-app or iOS app. Try Instaread Thousands of titles. Let us guide you through the world's wisdom. Gone Before Goodbye Reese Witherspoon & Harlan Coben Are You Mad at Me? Meg Josephson The Biblio Diet Jordan Rubin & Dr. Josh Axe How to Make Money in Any Market James Cramer The Intruder Freida McFadden The Devil Emails at Midnight Mita Mallick Stop Letting Everything Affect You Daniel Chidiac Gambling Man Lionel Barber You Deserve to Be Rich Rashad Bilal & Troy Millings How to Retire Christine Benz Try Instaread Categories. A broad range of categories from which to choose. Business & Economics Cash in on advice from finance experts and entrepreneurs. Explore arrow_forward Politics Get the lowdown on gossip from the Beltway and beyond. Explore arrow_forward Social Sciences Understanding human behavior has never been easier. Explore arrow_forward Self Help Trying to get out of a rut? We'll show you the fast track. Explore arrow_forward History Skip the dusty stacks: we have the highlights. Explore arrow_forward Health & Fitness Check out these tips for living longer and better. Explore arrow_forward Used by millions. People love Instaread. chevron_left chevron_right Used by millions. People love Instaread. format_quote Get Started. Instaread is a special place on the planet where you can learn. Try Instaread clear Key Insights from Bestsellers Enjoy access to bestselling book summaries and premium content from our partners, all available in 15-minute audio or text segments. By submitting your email address, you acknowledge that you agree to and have read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . clear Key Insights from Bestsellers Enjoy access to bestselling book summaries and premium content from our partners, all available in 15-minute audio or text segments. By submitting your email address, you acknowledge that you agree to and have read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Get Smarter in Minutes. Through audio & text formats. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy © Instaread 2025. All rights reserved Categories New Popular Business & Economics Self-Help Politics Instaread Originals Health & Fitness Fiction Science Religion Sports & Recreation Book Summaries: Full List Company Help & Contact Teams Instaread Player Newsletter The Nugget Subscription FAQs Categories add New Popular Business & Economics Self-Help Politics Instaread Originals Health & Fitness Fiction Science Religion Sports & Recreation Book Summaries: Full List Company add Help & Contact Teams Instaread Player Newsletter The Nugget Subscription FAQs Terms of Service | Privacy Policy © Instaread 2025. All rights reserved