Home - Internet2 Skip to content Return Home Explore Connecting Research and Education Internet2 provides: a secure high-speed network cloud solutions research support security services for the research and education community Learn more about Internet2 About Internet2 Get to know our history, our commitment, our community. Our Members Internet2 members work together to advance our research and education needs. Our Events Join us for community events, webinars, workshops, and training sessions. Our Services Services, software, and applications you can trust. Our Network The nation’s largest and fastest research and education network. Internet2 Careers View current career opportunities. Thank you for your interest in Internet2! Our Services Featured Services NET+ Cloud Services Network Services InCommon Services View All Internet2 Services Featured Services View All Featured Services Amazon Web Services (AWS) The Internet2 NET+ AWS program features both a full-featured contract with a partner focused on customer success and a community of practice. Cloud Connect The Internet2 Cloud Connect service makes it easier for researchers to access and use cloud resources. Instructure Canvas The NET+ Instructure Canvas program helps institutions adopt and influence Instructure services, including the Canvas LMS. eduroam eduroam is the secure, global wireless service developed for and by the international research and education community. Portkey NET+ Portkey enables you to safely scale GenAI with centralized model-level access controls, budgeting, guardrails, and audit logs. InCommon Trusted Access Platform The InCommon Trusted Access Platform is an identity and access management suite of software designed to integrate with existing systems. NET+ Cloud Services View All NET+ Cloud Services Amazon Web Services The Internet2 NET+ AWS program features both a full-featured contract with a partner focused on customer success and a community of practice that will effectively expand your cloud team. Canvas Streamlines digital tools and content that teachers and students love. Google Cloud Cloud solutions developed with the Internet2 member community. LabArchives Store, organize, share, and publish laboratory data. ServiceNow Provides end‑to‑end visibility into processes and infrastructure. Network Services View All Network Services Amazon Web Services Direct Connect Reach AWS Direct Connect using Cloud Connect, leveraging Internet2 and your regional’s infrastructure. Cloud Connect Use Internet2 and your regional network’s infrastructure to access and use cloud resources. DDoS Volumetric Mitigation Service Cloud-based volumetric service is procured on behalf of the community from Radware. Layer 1 Service Offers the most specialized and cost-effective way to build a custom, high-capacity network. Layer 2 Service Delivers a strategic advantage  providing effective and efficient 100 gigabit Ethernet technology. Rapid Private Interconnect (RPI) Provides dedicated access to any vendor-provided service at four national peering locations. InCommon Services View all InCommon Services eduroam Get seamless access to global roaming Wi-Fi. InCommon Federation Provides secure single sign-on access to cloud and local services, and global collaboration tools. InCommon Trusted Access Platform An identity and access management suite of software designed to integrate with existing systems. InCommon Catalyst Program The InCommon Catalysts can fill the gaps in your IAM program. InCommon Academy From expert-led component training to implementation support, we provide the resources you need. InCommon Certificate Service Unlimited server and user certificates for one annual fee, covering all of your domains. Our Community Connect, Share, Grow Our community includes collaborators from across the street and around the globe. Get to Know Our Community About Us We work with our community to solve technology challenges and develop solutions to advance research. Membership Our membership opens the door to an active community that accelerates research and discovery. Careers Join our team! View career opportunities at Internet2. Solutions Let us help you with with network connections, cloud services, and identity and access management. Research Engagement We help researchers connect with a full spectrum of support services and technology. The Internet2 Community Leadership and Culture (I2CLC) Initiative The I2CLC Initiative nurtures emerging talent and creates safe, welcoming spaces for collaboration and innovation. News Get the Latest Don't miss out on the latest Internet2 blog posts, videos, event highlights, and more. Internet2 News and Videos A Message from Internet2's President and CEO I am honored and excited to step into the role of Internet2 President and CEO. Internet2’s strength has always been its community-driven innovation, and it is a privilege to lead it into the next chapter. CAIDA and Internet2 Collaborate to Strengthen R&E Routing Security Network operators need robust tools that provide enhanced visibility and operational awareness. Learn how UC San Diego’s Center for Applied Internet Data Analysis and Internet2 are collaborating to make that possible. Closing the AI Divide: How Internet2 NET+ and Google are Working Together for AI in R&E Internet2 NET+ and Google have launched the Internet2 NET+ Google AI Education Leadership Program, a structured, community-driven approach helps responsible adoption and implementation of AI. View the InCommon Futures2 Report Over the next five years, InCommon will continue to lead as a collective authority in IAM practices. Events Convening the Community Join us for community events, webinars, workshops, and training sessions. See All Internet2 Events TechEX25 Thank you for attending the 2025 Internet2 Technology Exchange, held December 8–12  in Denver, Colo. InCommon: COmanage Software Training Join us Jan. 26-27 for a deep dive into COmanage Registry with hands-on learning led by expert instructors. CLASS Secure Research Environment Series - Program Leadership The Internet2 CLASS program is helping facilitate a comprehensive webinar and workshop series on Jan. 20 at 1 p.m. that helps your institution navigate secure research and compliance in the cloud. 2026 Internet2 Community Exchange Join us April 13-16 in Chicago for CommEX26, where IT leaders and their teams come together to shape the future of research and education technology. Contact Get in Touch Have a question? Need help? Reach out! Contact Us Network Support Fill out a form for non-urgent network support. Network Operations Center For urgent requests, reach the Global Network Operations Center 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Other Internet2 Support Please use our form if you need support for other Internet2 services. Internet2 Offices Internet2 has offices in three locations throughout the United States. Sign Up for Communications Sign up for a newsletter and stay current on the latest community news. Media Resources Access Internet2 fact sheets, network maps, logos, and more. Search Close Search Search We Provide The Services. The Network. The Technology. The Connections. Internet2 empowers scholars, scientists, and researchers to advance their work through a trusted, secure network designed specifically for research and education. Enhanced by vibrant community events that foster collaboration and innovation that drive the future of discovery, Internet2’s value reaches far beyond the tech. Explore Our Services Learn More About Internet2 Skip Section Content Upcoming Events Latest News CLASS Secure Research Environment Series | Jan. 20, 2026 | 1-2 p.m. ET Register for CommEX26 April 13-16, Chicago, Ill. InCommon: COmanage Software Training Jan. 26-27, 2026 CIO Perspectives on Research Data Security and CMMC Compliance December 4, 2025 What Are the Newest Tools Available for Network Security Detection? Find Out at TechEX25 November 24, 2025 Bridging Old and New: How Sokrates.ai is Redefining Intelligent Learning November 21, 2025 Skip Section Content Safe, secure and scalable customized R&E services Internet2 provides access to leading cloud, network, and security solutions customized for R&E. Cloud Get safe, secure, and scalable cloud services . Our NET+ portfolio provides direct, customized access to major cloud solutions. See how with: Cloud Access NET+: Community-vetted Cloud Services Networking for Cloud Cloud Scorecard InCommon CLASS Online Training and Development Network The Internet2 Network provides the performance, resiliency, security, and capabilities demanded by the most advanced applications, including: Networking for Cloud Network Services Support for Research Services for Network Providers Operations and Support Initiatives and Partnerships Insight Console State and Regional Education Networks InCommon Through InCommon , Internet2 offers a complete suite of identity and access management (IAM) services and community-sourced software: eduroam InCommon Federation Software: InCommon Trusted Access Platform Certificates Academy InCommon Futures2 Report Case Studies Security We provide community-evaluated security services, tools, and initiatives to keep your network humming. Security Cloud Services Performance Tools InCommon eduroam: The Global Roaming Wireless Service Partnerships Routing Integrity Community Collaboration More than 2,000 organizations strong, our community works together to ask questions and turn the answers into solutions. We do this through: Membership Research Engagement The Community Anchor Program The Internet2 Roadmap Skip Section Content 83 + Higher Education Members 250 + InCommon Participants 200 G+ Wavelengths of Network Capability 150 + NET+ Cloud Services Subscribers Skip Latest News Content Latest News CEO Communications A Message from Internet2’s President and CEO More Cloud Closing the AI Divide: How Internet2 NET+ and Google are Working Together to Forge a Path for AI in R&E More Advanced Networking How NEREN Uses Internet2 Insight Console to Strengthen Regional Activity More InCommon Four Big IAM Topics We’ve Tackled at Advance CAMP (and One We’ll Hear About at TechEX25) More Events TechEX25: Datastores and Software Stacks for Advanced Research and Education Networks More Events Don’t Overthink It: Learn the Power of FinOps Basics More Skip We are better together!  See how we showcase our community’s many contributions to R&E. Content Community Spotlight We are better together!  See how we showcase our community’s many contributions to R&E. Get Set for Internet2 Events We hope to see you in Chicago for the Internet2 2026 Community Exchange on April 13-16! Thank you for attending the Internet2 2025 Technology Exchange Dec. 8-12 in Denver, Colo. — Register for CommEX26! View the Interactive I2 Network Map Explore the Internet2 interactive Network map to see what the network delivers for advanced research and education collaborations. — View the map — Learn about the Internet2 Network Connect With the Community Webinars, workshops, training sessions, and events … take your pick, or choose them all!  Watch videos featuring recent Internet2 events to learn more! — Watch TechEX24 highlights — See all Internet2 events Why Internet2? Ask Our Community. Seamless connectivity across the world would be nearly impossible without the community-owned and operated cyberinfrastructure through Internet2. Tracy Futhey, VP & CIO, Duke University Follow Us: Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube About Us Membership News Executive Leadership Media Resources Careers Policies Help Network Networking for Cloud Operations and Support State and Regional R&E Networks Insight Console Performance & Analytics Tools Security Security Cloud Services Identity and Access Management Cloud NET+ Cloud Services Cloud Connect Cloud Scorecard Cloud Learning and Skills Sessions (CLASS) Community Research Engagement Community Groups Community Anchor Program © 2025 Internet2 Privacy Statement Terms of Use Sitemap Site Design by FIREANT STUDIO