Interreg Europe | Sharing solutions for better policy Go to main menu Go to search Go to main content Go to footer Search Search Help and contact Help & contact Help Help centre Glossary Legal notice & privacy policy Accessibility Anti-fraud policy Contact Our team Contact form National Point of Contact Jobs and tenders My account Your email Password Partner State login Create new account Reset your password Partner State login The programme About us What is Interreg Europe ? Our seven new countries Facts and figures Programme structure 2014-2020 programme Country specific info Post-2027 programme Programme actions Discover our two paths to better policies. Image Projects Discover approved projects and get inspired. Image Policy Learning Platform Get policy advice and find solutions for your region. Programme documents Image Programme manual Image Cooperation programme Image Logo and branding guidelines Projects Projects by topic Image Smart Image Green Image Connected Image Social Image Citizens Image Governance See all Implement project Programme manual Guidance and templates Country specific info Calls Call for pilot actions Calls for projects Project results Overview Latest programme achievements 30 stories about policy changes A publication about results in 30 countries Policy solutions Resources by topic Image Smart Image Green Image Connected Image Social Image Citizens Image Governance See all Discover our thematic collections New! Resources Discover our expert-driven content, inspired by our projects. Image Policy briefs Expert analyses of our projects and topics. Image Stories Thematic articles about our good practices. Image Webinar recordings Recordings and takeaways from our webinars. Good practice database Good practices Don't miss! Tested and transferable solutions from our projects and beyond. See all good practices Submit a good practice Expert support About our services Our Platform services provide a fast track to policy solutions. They range from simple exchanges to committed cooperation, and allow everyone to benefit without taking part in a project. Read more Our expert support services Image Policy helpdesk Policymakers can get quick answers to any type of questions they might have on regional policymaking. Image Matchmaking session Public authorities can explore good practices from across Europe in a two-hour discussion with selected peers and our Platform experts. Image Peer review Public authorities can get tailored advice on their policy challenges through an in-depth two-day exchange with peers, stakeholders, and our Platform experts. Our expert team The Policy Learning Platform's team of thematic experts provides support to policymakers in Europe. Meet the experts Our community The Interreg Europe Community Connect with thousands of like-minded people at our events and benefit from a collaborative learning environment. Discover the community Search by Organisations Members Contacts Interreg Europe team Platform experts National points of contact Why join our community Meet new people and find partners Attend our events Get expert advice and personalised content Exchange good practices Join community News and events Menu Main navigation Image Interreg Europe We bring people together to share innovative and sustainable solutions to regional development challenges. Discover the programme Image Our projects Discover our approved projects and be inspired by their achievements. Find an approved project Image Our Policy Learning Platform Get policy advice and find solutions for your region's challenges. Discover how you can benefit Our topics We contribute to all European priorities. Image Smart Discover how we contribute to a smarter Europe. Click the link below to explore our SMART projects or browse our thematic collections to access webinar recordings, policy briefs, good practices and more. Explore our Smart topic Digitalisation in the public sector Youth entrepreneurship Industrial transition Previous Next Image Green Discover how we contribute to a greener Europe. Click the link below to explore our GREEN projects or browse our thematic collections to access webinar recordings, policy briefs, good practices and more. Explore our Green topic Energy communties Nature-based solutions Cycling cities Waste prevention Engaging communities in climate action Circular waste management Biowaste Previous Next Image Connected Discover how we contribute to a more connected Europe. Click the link below to explore our CONNECTED projects or browse our thematic collections to access webinar recordings, policy briefs, good practices and more. Explore our Connected topic Sustainable rural mobility Previous Next Image Social Discover how we contribute to a more social Europe. Click the link below to explore our SOCIAL projects or browse our thematic collections to access webinar recordings, policy briefs, good practices and more. Explore our Social topic Sustainable tourism Previous Next Image Citizens Discover how we contribute to a Europe closer to citizens. Click the link below to explore our CITIZENS projects, good practices and other policy solutions. Explore our Citizens topic Previous Next Image Governance Discover how we contribute to better policy governance. Click the link below to explore our GOVERNANCE projects, good practices and other policy solutions. Explore our Governance topic Eastern Border Regions Outermost regions of Europe Previous Next In the spotlight See all news Image We're closed for the holidays We wish you happy holidays and an excellent start to 2026! Please be advised that our offices will be closed from 25 December 2025 to 2 January 2026. Happy holidays! Image Europe, let's cooperate 2026 The 12th edition of #europecooperates will take place on 16-17 April 2026. Join us in Copenhagen, Denmark to learn more about the future of Interreg Europe post 2027 and highlights of Interreg Europe's achievements. Save the date Image Call for pilot actions We're launching a call for pilot actions for Interreg Europe second call projects. It opens from 09 March to 10 April 2026. Download the key documents and join us for the information webinar. Discover the call Upcoming events Join one of our upcoming events to network and exchange experience with community members across Europe. Pagination January January February March April May June July August September October November December 2026 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Su 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 Select all General info Image Smart Image Green Image Connected Image Social Image Citizens Image Governance All sources Project Joint secretariat Platform Other Date range 1 event(s) See all events Event Event Image 15 Jan 2026 Online Use of artificial intelligence in Interreg communication Online training on the use of AI in communication for Interreg Europe monitoring committee members, points of contact, and the joint secretariat on 15 January 2026 offered by Interact. By Joint secretariat Key programme figures See all figures 36 countries 394 programme budget (meur) 6 topics 262 projects Share Interreg%20Europe https://www.interregeurope.eu/node/28628 Facebook Linkedin Email Don't miss anything! Subscribe to our newsletter Your email By clicking this box, you acknowledge that you’d like to receive communications from INTERREG EUROPE. By clicking this box, you accept terms & conditions . Contact us Our team Points of contact Jobs & tenders Contact form Help Help centre Glossary Branding guidelines Useful links European Commission Region Hauts-de-France List of calls List of operations 2021-2027 List of operations 2014-2020 More useful links Join the community Join the community Meet new people and find partners Join our events: in person and online Receive personalised content Exchange good practices Create your account Supported by Image Follow us Sitemap Home Good practices News Contact Events Library Footer Legal Cookies Help Accessibility Privacy Policy AzureAD login Follow us Back to top