Home | Interactive Brokers LLC Political, Economic and Climate Forecast Contracts Are Live - Client Login | View Markets | Learn More For Individuals Individual, Joint or IRA Non-Professional Advisors For Institutions Institutions Home ADVISOR ACCOUNTS Registered Investment Advisors Family Offices INSTITUTIONAL ACCOUNTS Proprietary Trading Groups Hedge Funds Introducing Brokers Small Businesses Money Managers ADMINISTRATIVE ACCOUNTS Compliance Officers Employee Plan Administrator SIMPLE IRA Full-Service Administrator Insurance Providers Fund Administrators Hedge Fund Allocators OTHER ACCOUNTS Educators FREE TRIAL Careers About Us Strength and Security Information and History Awards News at IBKR Press and Media Investor Relations IBKR on Social Media Sustainability Regulatory Reports Refer a Friend Affiliate Programs Support IBKR FeatureExplorer Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse Our FAQs Tax Information Language English Español Português 한국어 中文简体 中文繁體 Interactive Brokers Home Open Account Log In Why IBKR Pricing Commissions Margin Rates Interest Rates Short Sale Cost Research and News Market Data Pricing Stock Yield Enhancement Program Other Fees Trading Platforms APIs Margin Symbol and Exchange Search Products Overview Order Types Reporting Securities Financing Features in Focus Probability Lab Global Outsourced Trading Desk Sustainable Investing IBKR ForecastTrader Services IBKR GlobalAnalyst PortfolioAnalyst Bonds Marketplace Mutual Funds Marketplace No Transaction Fee ETFs Investors' Marketplace Short Securities Availability Cash Management Third Party Integration Interactive Advisors Education IBKR Campus Traders' Academy Traders' Insight IBKR Podcasts IBKR Quant Blog Webinars IBKR Forum Student Trading Lab Traders' Glossary Traders' Calendar Search Log In Portal Login Download IBKR Desktop Download Trader Workstation Download IBKR Mobile Download IB Gateway Compare All IBKR Platforms IBKR ForecastTrader Open Account Start Application Finish an Application What You Need A Guide to Choosing the Right Account Interactive Brokers Home Portal Login Open Account Back OPEN ACCOUNT Start Application Finish an Application What You Need A Guide to Chosing the Right Account IBKR ForecastTrader Free Trial Why IBKR Account Types Back FOR INDIVIDUALS Individual, Joint or IRA Non-Professional Advisors FOR INSTITUTIONS Institutions Home ADVISOR ACCOUNTS Registered Investment Advisors Family Offices INSTITUTIONAL ACCOUNTS Proprietary Trading Groups Hedge Funds Introducing Brokers Small Businesses Money Managers ADMINISTRATIVE ACCOUNTS Compliance Officers Employee Plan Administrator SIMPLE IRA Full-Service Administrator Insurance Providers Fund Administrators Hedge Fund Allocators OTHER ACCOUNTS Educators Pricing Back PRICING Commissions Margin Rates Interest Rates Short Sale Cost Research and News Market Data Pricing Stock Yield Enhancement Other Fees Trading Back TRADING Platforms APIs Margin Symbol and Exchange Search Products Overview Order Types Reporting Securities Financing Features in Focus Probability Lab Global Outsourced Trading Desk Sustainable Investing IBKR ForecastTrader Services Back SERVICES IBKR GlobalAnalyst PortfolioAnalyst Bonds Marketplace Mutual Funds Marketplace No Transaction Fee ETFs Investors' Marketplace Short Securities Availability Cash Management Third Party Integration Interactive Advisors Education Back EDUCATION IBKR Campus Traders' Academy Traders' Insight IBKR Podcasts IBKR Quant Blog Webinars IBKR Forum Student Trading Lab Traders' Glossary Traders' Calendar About Us Back ABOUT US Strength and Security Information and History Careers Awards News at IBKR Press and Media Investor Relations IBKR on Social Media Sustainability Regulatory Reports Refer a Friend Affiliate Programs Support Back SUPPORT IBKR FeatureExplorer Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse Our FAQs Tax Information Language Back LANGUAGE English Español Português 한국어 中文简体 中文繁體 Privacy Preference Center This website uses cookies to offer a better browsing experience and to collect usage information. By clicking on the "ACCEPT COOKIES" button you accept our Cookie Policy. Customize Privacy Settings Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Functional Cookies Marketing Cookies Cookie Policy Your Privacy When you visit any website it may use cookies and web beacons to store or retrieve information on your browser. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is typically used to make the website work as expected. The information does not usually directly identify you, but can provide a personalized browsing experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies and web beacons. Please click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and limit the services we can offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly necessary cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are typically set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. While you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, some parts of the website will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Always Active Performance Cookies and Web Beacons Performance cookies and web beacons allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve website performance. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors navigate around our website. All information these cookies and web beacons collect is aggregated and anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons we will not know when you have visited our website and will not be able to monitor its performance. Active Functional Cookies Functional cookies enable our website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Active Marketing Cookies and Web Beacons Marketing Cookies and web beacons may be set through our website by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other websites. They do not directly store personal information, but uniquely identify your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons, you will experience less targeted advertising. Our website does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them and therefore does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals. Active Interactive Brokers Group Cookie Policy What are Cookies and Web Beacons? Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to  a user's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent  pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage,  e-mail response and tracking. Generally,  cookies may contain information about your Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses, the region or general  location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type,  operating system and other usage information about the website or your usage of  our services, including a history of the pages you view. How We Use Cookies and Web Beacons Interactive Brokers Group collects information from cookies and web beacons and stores it in an internal database. This information is retained in accordance with our Privacy Policy. This website uses the following cookies and web beacons: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can configure your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but certain areas of the site will not function properly. These cookies do not store any personal data. Performance Cookies and Web Beacons These cookies and web beacons allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information that these cookies and web beacons collect is aggregated and, therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons our aggregated statistics will not have a record of your visit. The website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics  uses cookies to help  analyse how  you use this  website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing Cookies and Web Beacons These cookies and web beacons may be set throughout our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store personal information that could identify you directly, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons, you will experience less targeted advertising. The website does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals. Managing Your Cookie Preferences You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. However, if you do decide to disable cookies you may not be able to access some areas of our website or the website may function incorrectly. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons and how   to   disable   them,   please   consult   the   privacy   features   in   your   browser   or visit www.allaboutcookies.org . This website may link through to third party websites which may also use cookies and web beacons over which we have no control. We recommend that you check the relevant third parties privacy policy for information about any cookies and web beacons that may be used. Customize Settings Save Custom Settings Accept Cookies Interactive Brokers Home Will the United States economy enter a recession by the end of this quarter? Open Interest: 128,000 YES 3% NO 97% Will the year-over-year change in US Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index exceed 2.5% this month? Open Interest: 240 YES 47% NO 53% Will the US Fed Funds Target Rate be set above 3.875% at the upcoming FOMC meeting? Open Interest: 107,000 YES 97% NO 3% Will this year be the warmest year on record? Open Interest: 1,360 YES 22% NO 78% Trade Your Predictions on  Economic, and Climate Events IBKR ForecastTrader 1 lets you use exchange-listed Forecast Contracts to trade your opinion on yes-or-no questions on  economic and climate events. Plus you’ll earn 3.14% APY 3 on your investment with an interest-like incentive coupon, and new accounts get USD 3.00 you can use to trade Forecast contracts. Learn More The displayed future outcome probabilities and prices are hypothetical and only intended as an example. They do not reflect current market sentiment, expected outcomes, or the opinions of IBKR. Displayed outcomes and prices are based on real-time market sentiment from ForecastEx LLC, an affiliate of IB LLC. For more information see ibkr.com/realfex Take Your Trading to the Next Level with Options • USD 0.15 to 0.65 per US option contract • Trade options globally on 30+ market centers • Advanced order types and analytical tools Learn More Trade US Stocks and ETFs, Index Futures and Options, and Bonds Around the Clock React immediately to market-moving news and trade over 10,000 US Stocks and ETFs, US Equity Index futures and options, US Treasuries, global corporate bonds, European government bonds and UK gilts when it’s convenient for you. Learn More The Competitive Edge for Institutions Institutions gain a competitive edge with IBKR's financial strength, advanced technology, and execution quality, empowering hedge funds, advisors, broker-dealers, and small businesses to grow and scale globally. View Institutional Solutions Professional Pricing Commissions starting at $0 2 , low margin rates, high interest paid, and Stock Yield Enhancement. Global Access Invest globally in stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds and funds from a single unified platform. Premier Technology IBKR's powerful suite of technology helps you optimize your trading speed and efficiency and perform sophisticated portfolio analysis. Strength & Security $19.5 billion in equity capital 8 , automated risk controls, all assets marked to market daily, rated “A- Outlook Stable” by Standard & Poor's. 9 Award Winning Platform & Services #1 Professional Trading #1 International Trading Best Online Broker , for Advanced Traders #1 Best Online Broker 5 out of 5 stars Best for Advanced Traders Best Online Broker See All Awards Experience Professional Pricing Low commissions starting at $0 2 with no added spreads, ticket charges, platform fees, or account minimums. IBKR BestX SM is a powerful suite of advanced trading technologies designed to help clients achieve best execution and maximize price improvement while minimizing market impact. Margin rates up to 55% lower than the industry. 4 Earn high interest rates of up to USD 3.14% on instantly available cash. 5 Earn extra income on your lendable shares Learn More About IBKR Discover a World of Opportunities Invest globally in stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds and funds from a
				single unified platform. Fund your account in multiple currencies and trade assets denominated in multiple currencies. Access market data 24 hours a day and six days a week. 160 Markets 37 Countries 28 Currencies * Global Markets *Available currencies vary by Interactive Brokers affiliate. Graphic is for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon for investment decisions. Local Time: Open Closed mssage123 Powerful Trading Platforms To Help You Succeed Award winning platforms for every investor from beginner to advanced on mobile, web and desktop. Trading Platforms Discover new investment opportunities with over 200 free and premium research and news providers. Research and News Spot market opportunities, analyze results, manage your account and make better decisions with our free trading tools. Free Trading Tools 100+ order types - from limit orders to complex algorithmic trading - help you execute any trading strategy. Order Types and Algos Real-time trade confirmations, margin specifics, transaction cost evaluation, advanced portfolio assessment and beyond. Comprehensive Reporting A Broker You Can Trust When placing your money with a broker, you need to make sure your broker is secure and can endure through good and bad times in the broader financial markets. Our strong capital position, conservative balance sheet and automated risk controls are designed to protect IBKR from major market events that can threaten the stability of financial institutions. Member of the S&P 500 Nasdaq Listed: IBKR $19.5B Equity Capital * 74% Privately Held * $13.3B Excess Regulatory Capital * 4.13M Client Accounts * 3.62M Daily Avg Revenue Trades * IBKR Protection *Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates. For additional information view our Investors Relations - Earnings Release section. Choose the Best Account Type for You Individual Accounts Joint or Trust Accounts Retirement Accounts Non-Professional Advisor Institutional Accounts Step 1 Complete the Application It only takes a few minutes Step 2 Fund Your Account Connect your bank or transfer an account Step 3 Get Started Trading Take your investing to the next level Open Account FINRA BrokerCheck reports for Interactive Brokers and its investment professionals are available at www.finra.org/brokercheck Interactive Brokers LLC is a CFTC-registered Futures Commission Merchant and a clearing member and affiliate of ForecastEx LLC (“ForecastEx”). ForecastEx is a CFTC-registered Designated Contract Market and Derivatives Clearing Organization. Interactive Brokers LLC provides access to ForecastEx forecast contracts for eligible customers. Interactive Brokers LLC does not make recommendations with respect to any products available on its platform, including those offered by ForecastEx. Payments equivalent to interest in the form of an incentive coupon subject to variation with benchmark rates. Restrictions apply. See additional information on interest rates . Credit interest rate as of December 12, 2025. View our margin rates for more information. IBKR Lite provides commission-free trades in US exchange-listed stocks and ETFs. For complete information, see ibkr.com/commissions . Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates. For additional information view our Investors Relations - Earnings Release section. Interactive Brokers LLC rating by Standard & Poor's. View report For complete information, see ibkr.com/compare . Available currencies vary by Interactive Brokers affiliate. Interactive Brokers®, IB SM , InteractiveBrokers.com®, Interactive Analytics®, IB Options Analytics SM , IB SmartRouting SM , BestX SM , PortfolioAnalyst®, IB Trader Workstation SM and One World, One Account SM are service marks and/or trademarks of Interactive Brokers LLC. Supporting documentation for any claims and statistical information will be provided upon request. Any trading symbols displayed are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to portray recommendations. The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial. Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. For more information read the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options , also known as the options disclosure document (ODD). Alternatively, please contact IB Customer Service to receive a copy of the ODD. Before trading, clients must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our Warnings and Disclosures page . Trading on margin is only for experienced investors with high risk tolerance. You may lose more than your initial investment. For additional information about rates on margin loans, please see Margin Loan Rates . Security futures involve a high degree of risk and are not suitable for all investors. The amount you may lose may be greater than your initial investment. Before trading security futures, read the Security Futures Risk Disclosure Statement . Structured products and fixed income products such as bonds are complex products that are riskier and not suitable for all investors. Before trading, please read the Risk Warning and Disclosure Statement . For information on the IBKR ATS and IBKR Eos ATS, please visit the SEC site . 37 countries include both countries and territories. Account Log In Open an Account Finish an Application Account Types Free Trial Software & Downloads Trader Workstation IBKR Desktop IBKR Mobile APIs Support Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse our FAQs System Status Vendor Support Supplier Information About Us Awards Careers Information and History Investor Relations News @ IBKR Press and Media Regulatory Reports Connect with Us Discover IBKR on Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Reddit X (Twitter) YouTube Accessibility Policy Anti-Fraud Notice Customer Identification Program Notice Customer Relationship Summary Warning on Frauds and Scams Forms and Disclosures Privacy Site Map Interactive Brokers LLC Is a member NYSE - FINRA - SIPC and regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Headquarters: One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830 USA Website: www.interactivebrokers.com Information on Other Interactive Brokers Affiliates Interactive Brokers Canada Inc. Is a member of the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and Member - Canadian Investor Protection Fund. Registered Office: 1800 McGill College Avenue, Suite 2106, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 3J6, Canada. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ca Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited Is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . FCA register entry number 208159. Incorporated in England & Wales under company number 03958476. [https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register] Registered Office: 20 Fenchurch Street, Floor 12, London EC3M 3BY. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.uk Interactive Brokers Ireland Limited Is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI, reference number C423427), registered with the Companies Registration Office (CRO, registration number 657406), and is a member of the Irish Investor Compensation Scheme (ICS). Registered Office: North Dock One, 91/92 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1 D01 H7V7, Ireland. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ie Interactive Brokers Australia Pty. Ltd. ABN 98 166 929 568 is licensed and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (AFSL: 453554) and is a participant of ASX , ASX 24 and Cboe Australia . Registered Office: Level 11, 175 Pitt Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, Australia. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.au Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited Is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, and is a member of the SEHK and the HKFE . Registered Office: Suite 1512, Two Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong SAR. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.hk Interactive Brokers India Pvt. Ltd. Is a trading member of NSE , BSE , and depository participant of NSDL . SEBI Registration No. INZ000217730; NSDL: IN-DP-602-2021. CIN-U67120MH2007FTC170004. Registered Office: 502/A, Times Square, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai 400059, India. Phone: +91-22-61289888 | Fax: +91-22-61289898. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.in Interactive Brokers Securities Japan Inc. Is regulated by Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Registration No.187) and is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association and The Commodity Futures Association of Japan . Registered Office: Kasumigaseki Building 25F, 2-5 Kasumigaseki 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-6025 Japan. Phone: +81 03-4590-0711 (On business days from 8:30-17:30 JST) . Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.jp Interactive Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. Is licensed and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (Licence No. CMS100917). Registered Office: 1 Harbourfront Place #12-01/03, Harbourfront Tower 1, Singapore 098633. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.sg