Internet Brands top of page Homepage The Internet Brands Platform Health: HCP Health: DTC Providers and Payors Dental Legal Auto, Home & Travel IB.AI Work With Us Contact Us Menu Close Discover the IB Platform Discover The IB Platform Discover The IB Platform Explore Our Verticals Hover or click the icons below to explore Health HCP Personalized, AI-powered engagement and activation for millions of HCPs globally Health DTC Empowering consumer decisions with the most trusted health information brand Dental The World’s Leading Dental SaaS and Software Provider Legal The US’s Biggest and Best Legal Marketing Network Auto Home & Travel IB’s Portfolio of High Quality Brands in High Value Markets Health HCP Personalized, AI-powered engagement and activation for millions of HCPs globally Health DTC Empowering consumer decisions with the most trusted health information brand Dental The World’s Leading Dental SaaS and Software Provider Legal The US’s Biggest and Best Legal Marketing Network Auto, Home & Travel IB’s Portfolio of High Quality Brands in High Value Markets Health HCP Health DTC Payors & Providers Dental Legal Home Auto Travel Personalized, AI-powered engagement and activation for millions of HCPs globally Health HCP Empowering consumers with the most trusted health information Health DTC Serving majority of healthcare providers and payors in the US Payors & Providers The World’s Leading Dental SaaS and Software Provider Dental The US’s Biggest and Best Legal Marketing Network Legal IB’s Portfolio of High Quality Brands in High Value Markets Auto, Home & Travel Join Our Team Since launching in 1998, Internet Brands has grown to become the leading digital franchise focused on large vertical markets. We proudly combine the innovation of a start-up with the stability, benefits and profitability of an established corporation. With offices around the world, our career opportunities encompass every area of digital expertise. ​ Join our group of innovators and pursue your passion. Explore Current Openings Explore Current Openings Since launching in 1998, Internet Brands has grown to become the leading digital franchise focused on large vertical markets. We proudly combine the innovation of a start-up with the stability, benefits and profitability of an established corporation. With offices around the world, our career opportunities encompass every area of digital expertise. ​ Join our group of innovators and pursue your passion. Join Our Team Home Contact Us Work with Us News Platform Health HCP Health DTC Provider and Payors Dental Legal AI Copyright © 2025 MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sustainability contact@internetbrands.com 310-280-4000 909 North Pacific Coast Highway, 11th Floor El Segundo, CA 90245 Copyright © 2025 MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. All rights reserved. ​ Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sustainability 310-280-4000 contact@internetbrands.com 909 North Pacific Coast Highway, 11th Floor, El Segundo, CA 90245 Home Contact Us Work with Us News Platform Health HCP Health DTC      Provider & Payors Dental Legal AI Homepage The Internet Brands Platform Health: HCP Health: DTC Providers and Payors Dental Legal Auto, Home & Travel IB.AI Work With Us Contact Us bottom of page Manage Preferences