Interior Design Magazine | Top Projects, Products & Trends - Interior Design Skip to content Interior Design The leading authority for the Architecture & Design community Projects Products DesignWire HOMES Showroom Showcase Projects Products DesignWire HOMES Showroom Showcase Best Of Year Giants OF DESIGN Events Newsletters DesignTV Design Jobs Showroom Showcase Subscribe Contact Us facebook icon pintrest icon instagram icon linkedin icon Projects Recharge in a Restored Spanish Farmhouse in Menorca read more Latest Issue: November 2025 subscribe Projects A Touch Of Whimsy Reigns In This San Diego Tech Office what’s hot DesignWire Design In Review: The Top Reads Of 2025 From Perkins&Will and A+I’s merger to art deco interior design styles and a futuristic floating resort in Saudi Arabia, see our top stories of 2025. DesignWire A Year Of Design Dialogues: Top 10 Questions With… Of 2025 Get inspired by the unique visionaries whose ideas are transforming the industry in Interior Design’s standout interviews of 2025. Prev Next awards & research Awards Explore Interior Design’s 2025 Best of Year Award Winners Research A Spotlight on Interior Design’s 2025 Healthcare Giants Research Revealing Interior Design’s 2025 Sustainability Giants Research Introducing Interior Design’s 2025 Rising Giants Research Unveiling Interior Design’s 2025 Top 100 Giants editors’ picks Projects Inside The Maybury, A Residential Tower In Hudson Yards For the Maybury, a ground-up residential tower in … DesignWire The Making Of A Sculpture That Speaks To Impermanence Awarded the Serpentine Pavilion commission in Lond… DesignWire 10 Questions With… Song Sung Blue Production Designer Clay Griffith Clay Griffith delves into production design, offer… Projects 7 Residential Towers That Wow Seven residential towers across the Americas redef… Projects Explore A Retro-Inspired Workplace With A Curated 80s Vibe Osmose Design taps into fantastical elements and c… DesignWire See Man Ray’s Textiles On Display In This New York Exhibit For the first time in the U.S., and in conjunction… Design Nerds Anonymous product spotlight Products Discover Textiles And Wallcoverings Awash In Color Products 9 Outdoor Pieces That Reflect An Earthy Palette Products Thatcher Crafts A Bold Homage To Renaissance Art Products Inside Turf’s Colorful Design Hub At The Mart ID_Homepage_dynamic1 showroom showcase sign up for the latest from Interior Design By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. never miss an issue subscribe facebook icon pintrest icon instagram icon linkedin icon Media Kit Newsletter Reader Services Subscriptions Jobs in Design Editorial Submissions Contact Us SANDOW Careers Latest Issues: © 2025 SANDOW. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information