Home - Intermountain Health Set location Search Set location Sign in Find a doctor Locations Medical services Patient resources For professionals About us Back Let’s look at health in a whole new way We believe caring for your health is a journey. From helping you get well to guiding you to live your healthiest life possible, we’re here to support you every step of the way. Anchor Button Icon Find doctors and locations near you Find a doctor Looking for a primary care provider or a specialist? Start here. Find a location Find a hospital, clinic, or specialty location in your community. Patient portal Manage your health from one convenient place using the Intermountain Health app, powered by MyChart Intermountain Health App MyChart is now live for patients in Utah, Idaho and Nevada We are excited to present an improved Intermountain Health app and patient portal experience, powered by MyChart. Patients new to MyChart will need to download the app and create a new account to log in. Visit our patient portal page to learn how to get set up on the new app. Get started Care for every stage of life Children's health Primary care Women's health Senior care Virtual care For patients Billing Sign in to view and pay your bill online, or pay as a guest — no sign-in required. Financial assistance Our financial assistance team can see if you qualify for assistance or discounts, help with payment plans, and discuss other options. Insurance At Intermountain Health, we're committed to ensuring you have affordable access to quality care Medical records Your health history at your fingertips. Request and access your medical records. Your trusted partner in health It's our mission to help you live your healthiest life possible. That means we're not just here for you when you're sick. We also offer personalized guidance and support to help you stay well. Helping people live the healthiest lives possible We're reimagining healthcare At Intermountain Health, we’re reimagining the way we deliver care by taking a proactive approach to help you stay well. And when it comes to the moments that matter most, you can trust that we have the expertise, most advanced technology, and best treatment options to get you back to doing the things you love. About us Inspiring your child to live their healthiest life Intermountain Children's Health From your family pediatrician to our specialty caregivers, at Intermountain Children’s Health we’re here to partner for the care your family needs. And by combining our expertise with yours, together, we’ll collaborate towards your child’s complete well-being. Learn more Join us as we serve our communities Careers at Intermountain Health Discover your career at Intermountain Health where you’ll find inspiration, flexibility, employment stability, benefits, and a lifetime of challenging career opportunities. Join the Intermountain team and begin your rewarding career today. Explore career opportunities Health news and blog Benefits of Having a Personal Trainer From personalized workouts to motivation and injury prevention, a trainer can help you reach your fitness goals. Nutrition and weight loss What Are the Benefits of Fiber? Learn to set effective goals using the SMART method. Break down large ideas into manageable steps for long-term success. Emergency care 5 Surprising Summer Safety Tips Soak up the sun with these five essential summer safety tips. Staying Safe in the Sun This Summer Stay sun-safe this summer with essential tips on sunscreen use, shade, and protective clothing. What is N.E.A.T. and how can it help you be healthier? Explore N.E.A.T. (Non-Exercise Activity Thermogenesis) for health enhancement through simple daily movements. Power of We Our communities can achieve extraordinary outcomes together. Discover the "Power of We," where our efforts transform health outcomes. Read stories of patients like Devin and Naomi, who thrived through collaborative care, and learn how teamwork and community support are key to living the healthiest lives possible Learn more Sign in For patients Blogs Classes and events Billing Financial assistance Pricing transparency Sign in to my account For professionals Professional resources Research Explore careers Continuing education Medical staff resources Intermountain Health About us Newsroom Form 990 Contact us For caregivers (our employees) Copyright ©2025, Intermountain Health, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Non-Discrimination Terms of use CHNA Reports Form 990