Continue without agreeing →

WHY WE USE COOKIES

With your agreement, we and our 8 partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Marketing, Necessary, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development, Store and/or access information on a device

LEARN MORE
SOUNDS GOOD. ACCEPT.
Skip to content
Contact
About us
EN
PRODUCT
SOLUTIONS
REFERENCES
PARTNERS
EXPERTISE
DEMO
The leading whistleblowing software in Europe

Easily comply with the EU Whistleblowing Directive using Europe’s leading whistleblowing software EQS Integrity Line.

Digitize and simplify your incident and case management processes and take the first step towards more transparency and trust in your company today.

Start free trial
Foster a transparent and open speak-up company culture

EQS Integrity Line is a secure and confidential whistleblowing system that allows your employees and third parties to report wrongdoings such as corruption, abuse of authority, discrimination and harassment internally before contacting authorities or the media.

By choosing EQS Integrity Line, you tell your employees and stakeholders that their voices matter.

Our customizable whistleblowing software helps you to fully comply with the EU Whistleblowing Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Essential

Ready to use solution for small and medium-sized companies

Quick and efficient compliance with the EU Whistleblowing Directive
Available in over 80 languages
Standard case management
Start free trial
Professional

The flexible solution with a variety of customization options

Comprehensive case management complete with authorisation concept
Real-time reporting
Individually configurable reporting process
Book a demo
Enterprise

A full-feature solution with the highest customization possibility.



Case management tailored to specific needs
Comprehensive reporting and analysis tools
Connection to a telephone reporting channel possible
Book a demo
More about our packages
Do you need support around your whistleblowing system?

We work with a variety of partners from different disciplines. Discover the services and offerings we provide together.

Our additional services

A holistic approach to whistleblowing: Benefit from the additional services offered by our partners.

Together with our experienced partners, we offer you a broad portfolio of services related to your whistleblower system – from consulting services to support for system configuration and case management to investigative services.

More about additional services

4000

customers use EQS Integrity Line to create more transparency in their organizations.

Read our success stories

What our customers say about us:

EQS Integrity Line at a glance
Data & process security
Secure hosting of your data in Germany
ISO 27001 certified and EU GDPR compliant
Granular authorization concept in line with the need-to-know principle
Fully anonymous reporting with dialogue function
Usability & service
Flexible case handling within the specialised department
Efficient compliance reporting through real-time statistics and dashboards with extensive search and filter functions
Comprehensive service and expert consultation
Simple and intuitive to use and accessible
Easy set up & use
Ready-to-use system with high-quality standard features
Tried and tested supporting texts, questionnaires, reporting forms, etc.
Supporting documents (e.g. templates) included
For worldwide use
Available in over 80 languages as standard
Integrated machine translation of reports
Reference to local requirements within the system
More about the features
EQS Integrity Line: certified secure

Our whistleblowing hotline EQS Integrity Line meets the highest standards of IT security and data protection. We prove this in regular external security audits.

More about security
Deepen your knowledge about whistleblowing and the EU Whistleblowing Directive

You want to know more about the EU Whistleblowing Directive, whistleblowing and whistleblower protection?

Head over to our expertise section to stay up to date on whistleblowing-related content.

EU Guide: Whistleblowing Laws in the EU

A glance at the implementation of the EU Whistleblowing Directive in EU Member States.

Whistleblowing Report 2021: A study on whistleblowing in European companies

From the design and communication to the use and benefits of effective whistleblowing systems.

Blog: Articles on current whistleblowing topics

Discover our informative blog articles on topics from the field of whistleblowing and whistleblower protection.

To the expertise section

Build trust and ensure legal compliance

Get started with your free trial today or learn more about EQS Integrity Line in your personal demo and create more transparency and integrity in your company.

Our team of experts will support you along the way and help you implement the right whistleblowing system for your company’s needs.

Start free trial
Book a demo
Icon-linkedin
 
Icon-xing
 
 
Facebook
 
Icon-iconmonstr-instagram-11
 
Icon-youtube

CONTACT US

+49 (0) 89 444430-000
Contact form

EQS Group GmbH
Karlstr. 47
80333 München

EQS Compliance COCKPIT
About us
Contact
© EQS Group GmbH
Legal notice
Data Privacy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
EQS Ethics Line
Manage cookie preferences