Home | Interactive Brokers U.K. Limited Investing in financial products involves risk. Losses may exceed the value of your original investment. For Individuals Individual or Joint Trust Accounts Family Accounts Individual Savings Account (ISA) Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP) For Institutions Institutions Home ADVISOR ACCOUNTS Registered Investment Advisors Family Offices INSTITUTIONAL ACCOUNTS Proprietary Trading Groups Hedge Funds Introducing Brokers Small Businesses Full-Service Administrator Insurance Providers Money Managers ADMINISTRATIVE ACCOUNTS Compliance Officers Fund Administrators OTHER ACCOUNTS Educators FREE TRIAL Careers About Us Strength and Security Information and History Awards News at IBKR Press and Media Investor Relations IBKR on Social Media Sustainability Regulatory Reports Refer a Friend Affiliate Programs Support Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse Our FAQs Tax Information Language English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Pусский Interactive Brokers Home Open Account Log In Why IBKR Pricing Commissions Margin Rates Interest Rates Short Sale Cost Research and News Market Data Pricing Stock Yield Enhancement Program Other Fees Trading Platforms APIs Margin Symbol and Exchange Search Products Overview Order Types Reporting Securities Financing Features in Focus Probability Lab Sustainable Investing Services IBKR GlobalAnalyst PortfolioAnalyst Bonds Marketplace Mutual Funds Marketplace No Transaction Fee ETFs Investors' Marketplace Short Securities Availability Third Party Integration Education IBKR Campus Traders' Academy Traders' Insight IBKR Podcasts IBKR Quant Blog Webinars IBKR Forum Student Trading Lab Traders' Glossary Traders' Calendar Search Log In Portal Login Download IBKR Desktop Download Trader Workstation Download IBKR Mobile Download IB Gateway Compare All IBKR Platforms Open Account Start Application Finish an Application What You Need A Guide to Choosing the Right Account Interactive Brokers Home Portal Login Open Account Back OPEN ACCOUNT Start Application Finish an Application What You Need A Guide to Choosing the Right Account Free Trial Why IBKR Account Types Back FOR INDIVIDUALS Individual or Joint Trust Accounts Family Accounts Individual Savings Account (ISA) Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP) FOR INSTITUTIONS Institutions Home ADVISOR ACCOUNTS Registered Investment Advisors Family Offices INSTITUTIONAL ACCOUNTS Proprietary Trading Groups Hedge Funds Introducing Brokers Small Businesses Full-Service Administrator Insurance Providers Money Managers ADMINISTRATIVE ACCOUNTS Compliance Officers Fund Administrators OTHER ACCOUNTS Educators Pricing Back PRICING Commissions Margin Rates Interest Rates Short Sale Cost Research and News Market Data Pricing Stock Yield Enhancement Program Other Fees Trading Back TRADING Platforms APIs Margin Symbol and Exchange Search Products Overview Order Types Reporting Securities Financing Features in Focus Probability Lab Sustainable Investing Services Back SERVICES IBKR GlobalAnalyst PortfolioAnalyst Bonds Marketplace Mutual Funds Marketplace No Transaction Fee ETFs Investors' Marketplace Short Securities Availability Third Party Integration Education Back EDUCATION IBKR Campus Traders' Academy Traders' Insight IBKR Podcasts IBKR Quant Blog Webinars IBKR Forum Student Trading Lab Traders' Glossary Traders' Calendar About Us Back ABOUT US Strength and Security Information and History Careers Awards News at IBKR Press and Media Investor Relations IBKR on Social Media Sustainability Regulatory Reports Refer a Friend Affiliate Programs Support Back SUPPORT Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse our FAQs Tax Information Language Back LANGUAGE English Français Deutsch Español Italiano Pусский Which IBKR website is best for you? The content on the website you selected is not intended for investors in your location. Please choose the website most applicable to you. Go to US website Stay on UK website Interactive Brokers Home Trade US Stocks and ETFs, Index Futures and Options, and Bonds Around the Clock React immediately to market-moving news and trade over 10,000 US stocks and ETFs, US equity index futures and options, US Treasuries, global corporate bonds, European government bonds and UK gilts when it’s convenient for you. Learn More The Competitive Edge for Institutions Institutions gain a competitive edge with IBKR's financial strength, advanced technology, and execution quality, empowering hedge funds, advisors, broker-dealers, and small businesses to grow and scale globally. View Institutional Solutions Keep More of Your Money with IBKR's Low-Cost ISA Minimize your fees and maximize your savings! Low commissions No custody fees No subscription fees Learn More Interactive Brokers Clients Earn Up to USD 3.14% on Their Instantly Available Cash Balances * Learn More *Restrictions apply. For additional information on interest rates, click here . Credit interest rate as of December 16, 2025. Professional Pricing Low commissions, low margin rates, interest paid, and Stock Yield Enhancement. 3 , 4 Global Access Invest globally in stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds and funds from a single unified platform. Premier Technology IBKR's powerful suite of technology helps you optimize your trading speed and efficiency and perform sophisticated portfolio analysis. Strength & Security $19.5 billion in equity capital 7 , automated risk controls, all assets marked to market daily, rated "A- Outlook Stable" by Standard &  Poor's. 8 Award Winning Platform & Services #1 Professional Trading #1 International Trading Best Online Broker , for Advanced Traders #1 Best Online Broker 5 out of 5 stars Best for Advanced Traders Best Online Broker See All Awards Experience Professional Pricing Low commissions with no added spreads, ticket charges, platform fees, or account minimums. IBKR BestX SM is a powerful suite of advanced trading technologies designed to help clients achieve best execution and maximize price improvement while minimizing market impact. Low margin rates, with rates as low as USD 4.14% . 3 Earn high interest rates of up to USD 3.14% on instantly available cash. 4 Earn extra income on your lendable shares Learn More About IBKR Discover a World of Opportunities With     IBKR’s Universal Account, clients can trade stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds around the world from a single screen. ** Fund your account in multiple currencies and trade assets denominated in multiple currencies. Access market data 24 hours a day and six days a week. 160 Markets 37 Countries 28 Currencies * Global Markets Available currencies vary by Interactive Brokers affiliate. Graphic is for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon for investment decisions. Local Time: Open Closed mssage123 ** Regulations require securities and commodities activities to be conducted in separate accounts.  Universal Account refers to the consolidation of these accounts for display purposes only, enabling clients the ability to use a single platform to conduct trading activity and view consolidated activity and position information for all products and services offered. Powerful Trading Platforms To Help You Succeed Award winning platforms for every investor from beginner to advanced on mobile, web and desktop. Trading Platforms Discover new investment opportunities with over 200 free and premium research, market commentary and news providers. Research, Market Commentary and News Spot market opportunities, analyze results, manage your account and make better decisions with our free trading tools. Free Trading Tools 100+ order types - from limit orders to complex algorithmic trading - help you execute any trading strategy. Order Types and Algos Real-time trade confirmations, margin details, transaction cost analysis, sophisticated portfolio analysis and more. Comprehensive Reporting A Broker You Can Trust When placing your money with a broker, you need to make sure your broker is secure and can endure through good and bad times in the broader financial markets. Our strong capital position, conservative balance sheet and automated risk controls are designed to protect IBKR from major market events that can threaten the stability of financial institutions. Member of the S&P 500 Nasdaq Listed: IBKR $19.5B Equity Capital * 74% Privately Held * $13.3B Excess Regulatory Capital * 4.13M Client Accounts * 3.62M Daily Avg Revenue Trades * IBKR Protection Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates. For additional information view our Investor Relations - Earnings Release section. Choose the Best Account Type for You Individual Accounts Joint Accounts Retirement Accounts Trust Accounts Family Accounts Institutional Accounts Step 1 Complete the Application It only takes a few minutes Step 2 Fund Your Account Connect your bank or transfer an account Step 3 Get Started Trading Take your investing to the next level Open Account According to StockBrokers.com Interactive Brokers Review: Read the full article Online Broker Reviews, January 29, 2025. "Interactive Brokers continues to lead with unbeatable margin rates, a significant advantage for active and professional traders." View our margin rates for more information. Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on USD margin loan balances as of December 12, 2025. Interactive Brokers calculates the interest charged on margin loans using the applicable rates for each interest rate tier listed on its website. Learn more about margin loan rates . Restrictions apply. See additional information on interest rates . Credit interest rate as of December 16, 2025. Interactive Brokers LLC rating by Standard & Poor's. View report ** Regulations require securities and commodities activities to be conducted in separate accounts.  Universal Account refers to the consolidation of these accounts for display purposes only, enabling clients the ability to use a single platform to conduct trading activity and view consolidated activity and position information for all products and services offered. Available currencies vary by Interactive Brokers affiliate. Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates. For additional information view our Investor Relations - Earnings Release section. The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial. Options are not suitable for all investors. For more information, read the " Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options ". Your capital is at risk and your losses may exceed the value of your original investment. Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . FCA Reference Number 208159. Cryptoassets are unregulated in the UK. Interactive Brokers (U.K) Limited ("IBUK") is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority as a cryptoassets firm under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017. Interactive Brokers LLC is regulated by the US SEC and CFTC and is a member of the SIPC (www.sipc.org) compensation scheme; 
                            products are only covered by the UK FSCS in limited circumstances. Before trading, clients must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our IBUK Services Guide – Investing with IBKR page. For a list of IBG memberships worldwide, see our exchange listings . Interactive Brokers®, IB SM , InteractiveBrokers.com®, Interactive Analytics®, IB Options Analytics SM , IB SmartRouting SM , BestX SM , PortfolioAnalyst®, IB Trader Workstation SM and One World, One Account SM are service marks and/or trademarks of Interactive Brokers LLC. Supporting documentation for any claims and statistical information will be provided upon request. Any trading symbols displayed are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to portray recommendations. The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial. Trading on margin is only for experienced investors with high risk tolerance. You may lose more than your initial investment. For additional information about rates on margin loans, please see Margin Loan Rates . Security futures involve a high degree of risk and are not suitable for all investors. The amount you may lose may be greater than your initial investment. Structured products and fixed income products such as bonds are complex products that are riskier and not suitable for all investors. For information on the IBKR ATS and IBKR Eos ATS, please visit the SEC site . 37 countries include both countries and territories. Account Log In Open an Account Finish an Application Account Types Free Trial Software & Downloads Trader Workstation IBKR Desktop IBKR Mobile APIs Support Fund Your Account For Individuals For Institutions Institutional Sales Contacts Browse our FAQs System Status Vendor Support Supplier Information About Us Awards Careers Information and History Investor Relations News @ IBKR Press and Media Regulatory Reports Forms and Disclosures IBUK Services Guide Client Agreements Disclosures MiFID II Disclosures Client Services Forms Market Data Agreements Connect with Us Discover IBKR on Social Media Facebook Instagram Reddit X (Twitter) Anti-Fraud Notice Customer Identification Program Notice Warning on Frauds and Scams Modern Slavery Statement Privacy Site Map Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited Is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . FCA register entry number 208159. Incorporated in England & Wales under company number 03958476. [https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register] Registered Office: 20 Fenchurch Street, Floor 12, London EC3M 3BY. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.uk Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited (DIFC Branch) Is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) to carry in and from the DIFC the financial services of Arranging Deals in Investments and Arranging Custody as defined under the DFSA Rules. DFSA register number F008423 DIFC registration number CL8717. Registered Office: Floor 5, Unit 507, Index Tower, Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Website: DIFC Branch Information on Other Interactive Brokers Affiliates Interactive Brokers LLC Is a member NYSE - FINRA - SIPC and regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Headquarters: One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830 USA Website: www.interactivebrokers.com Interactive Brokers Canada Inc. Is a member of the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and Member - Canadian Investor Protection Fund. Registered Office: 1800 McGill College Avenue, Suite 2106, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 3J6, Canada. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ca Interactive Brokers Ireland Limited Is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI, reference number C423427), registered with the Companies Registration Office (CRO, registration number 657406), and is a member of the Irish Investor Compensation Scheme (ICS). Registered Office: North Dock One, 91/92 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1 D01 H7V7, Ireland. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ie Interactive Brokers Australia Pty. Ltd. ABN 98 166 929 568 is licensed and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (AFSL: 453554) and is a participant of ASX , ASX 24 and Cboe Australia . Registered Office: Level 11, 175 Pitt Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, Australia. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.au Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited Is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, and is a member of the SEHK and the HKFE . Registered Office: Suite 1512, Two Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong SAR. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.hk Interactive Brokers India Pvt. Ltd. Is a trading member of NSE , BSE , and depository participant of NSDL . SEBI Registration No. INZ000217730; NSDL: IN-DP-602-2021. CIN-U67120MH2007FTC170004. Registered Office: 502/A, Times Square, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai 400059, India. Phone: +91-22-61289888 | Fax: +91-22-61289898. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.in Interactive Brokers Securities Japan Inc. Is regulated by Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Registration No.187) and is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association and The Commodity Futures Association of Japan . Registered Office: Kasumigaseki Building 25F, 2-5 Kasumigaseki 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-6025 Japan. Phone: +81 03-4590-0711 (On business days from 8:30-17:30 JST) . Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.jp Interactive Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. Is licensed and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (Licence No. CMS100917). Registered Office: 1 Harbourfront Place #12-01/03, Harbourfront Tower 1, Singapore 098633. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.sg × Notice message Stay Go