 
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
LOGIN
People Search
Reverse Phone Lookup
Criminal & Traffic Records Search
Background Check
Public Records Search
Reverse Address Lookup
ENJOY UNLIMITED SEARCHES!
Look Up Anyone!
Enter a Name Below to Get Started Now. Access Information Instantly!
NAME
PHONE
ADDRESS
START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, yourself, or someone else you might know...
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
CITY
STATE
Select state
All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 This is Me
Searching for yourself?
SEARCH
 

This secure connection is confirmed

Get Right to Your Report
Skip the wait and access unlimited reports and instant searches now!
SKIP THE WAIT NOW

Enjoy Unlimited Searches

Intelius makes it easy to learn about the people you’re dating, your family members, neighbors, friends, coworkers, and anyone else in your life!

Results You Can Trust

We scour data from specialized sources to give you valuable information in one location, and your searches are secured with a 256-bit encrypted connection.

Dedicated to Customer Privacy

We put privacy first and never alert the person you searched that you’ve uncovered the details in their background report.

Being informed matters

At Intelius, we aim to keep you informed. Since being founded in 2003, we have continued to offer one of the most reliable places to search for people, telephone numbers, addresses, background checks, criminal records, and more.

Reconnect with old friends

Check someone’s criminal record

See what appears in your background check

Find out who is behind the number calling you

Review property data on the house you want

Look up Potential Relationships

Find people with quick results

Whether you want to reunite with your college roommate or learn more about the person your daughter is dating, Intelius is your go-to resource for finding people. We are continuously updating our people search engine in an effort to provide you with accurate and robust information.

Safety

Quickly get the information you need, and be empowered to make the right decisions to stay safe.

Confidential

All searches are private and confidential. The search subject will not be notified you searched for them.

Knowledge

We search millions of available public records in our aim to provide the best information online.

Satisfy your curiosity with our detailed reports

With Intelius, it’s easy to find the information you need. Just enter a name, address, or phone number, and you’ll get results quickly. No matter what information you are trying to find, Intelius will help you get the answers. Start searching today, and discover for yourself why millions of people use Intelius each month as their resource to stay informed about the ones in their life.

START YOUR SEARCH NOW
Why choose Intelius
A Premier People Search Tool

In just a few clicks, our proprietary data search engine can provide you with report results aggregated from one of the broadest range of data sources in the industry. Whether you are looking for a long-lost friend, need to know who keeps calling you, or have a hunch about someone and want to learn more, Intelius empowers you with the information you need — because being informed matters.

People Directory by First Names: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
People Directory by Last Name: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Featured Blog Posts
Complete Guide to Area Code 929: Everything You Should Know
READ NOW
Complete Guide to Area Code 815: Everything You Should Know
READ NOW
Complete Guide to Area Code 402: Everything You Should Know
READ NOW

Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site must not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. Please visit GoodHire for all your employment screening needs.

If you would like to unsubscribe from Intelius push notifications, please click here.

SEARCH INTELIUS

Reverse Phone Lookup
People Search
Background Check
Public Records Search
Criminal & Traffic Records Search
Reverse Address Lookup
Login
People Directory
Phone Directory
Trending Names

INTELIUS RESOURCES

Contact Us
Pricing
Do's and Don'ts
PRIVACY POLICY - UPDATED
TERMS OF USE
Intelius Blog
Become an Affiliate
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Exercise My Data Privacy Rights
Cancel Membership
US Search Pro
FIND US ON
  
Need Help?
We have the tools and information to guide you. Visit our Self Help Center for 24/7 support
or contact us

© 2025 Intelius LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Public Records Notice

This site contains REAL public records data including criminal records, background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, civil judgments, properties owned, social media profiles, and much more.

Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. We provide information (criminal record, address, phone number, property, civil judgment, and more) that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about people in your life. To use our site you must certify below by clicking "I Agree" that you have read and agree to our PRIVACY POLICY and TERMS OF USE, which discloses our use of cookies and tracking technologies (select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” in footer for available options), AND that you will NOT use our site or the information we provide:

(1) to make decisions about or in connection with hiring, promoting, reassigning, or continuing to employ any person, including current or potential volunteers and household employees such as childcare workers, contractors, or home health aides;
(2) to make decisions about or in connection with renting or selling a house, apartment, or other residential property to any person;
(3) to make decisions about or in connection with lending money or extending credit to any person;
(4) in connection with the underwriting of insurance;
(5) for any purpose related to any eligibility determination about a person; or
(6) for any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I AGREE