IntelliScape Solutions Apps Caffeine Tremors Kiosk Screen Savers Blank Screen Utilities Splunk JWT Decoder Support Customer Support About About IntelliScape Donations Contact Us Intelligent Intelligent solutions for everyday problems. Our Apps Caffeine Don't let your Mac fall asleep. Loved by millions of Mac users worldwide, Caffeine a simple program designed to prevent your Mac from automatically going to sleep. Using Caffeine is as simple as clicking the coffee cup icon in the menu bar: A full cup means Caffeine is active and keeping your Mac awake, an empty cup means it is disabled and your Mac will sleep normally. Learn more » Download Kiosk Web Kiosks Made Easy Easily turn any Mac into a standalone Kiosk featuring a full-screen web browser. In just a few simple clicks, you can set up your Mac to function as a web-based Kiosk. Whether you need to allow guests to register for your event or just want to set up a dedicated machine for public Internet surfing, Kiosk offers the functionality you need. You can easily set the default home page for the browser, as well as specify whether or not the user can use the address bar to access other websites. Or, if you don't need the standard browser functionality, simply turn off the toolbar entirely and let the website have the full screen. Users are locked into the browser, and can't change, minimize or hide the window using standard key combinations. Learn more » Tremors Earthquakes. Simplified. Did you feel that? Tremors allows you to keep tabs on seismic activity from around the world, right from the comfort of your Mac. Using data compiled by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and other sources, Tremors gives you up-to-the-minute details on the latest rumblings, and plots every quake on a map for easy reference. Whether you're a casual observer of Nature's devistating phoenemon or an avid follower, Tremors is designed to satisfy your curiosity. Learn more » Intelligent solutions for everyday problems. Salt Lake City, UT Phone: (801) 505-0163 support [at] intelliscapesolutions.com LATEST NEWS Caffeine 1.1.4 Released 21 September 2025 Blank Screensaver Now Available 2 September 2019 Kiosk 2.0.2 Update 25 September 2018 KEEP IN TOUCH Subscribe to our mailing list to get announcements and updates. We won't spam or sell your information. Subscribe © 2021 IntelliScape Computer Solutions, All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions • Privacy Support Request OK