Political, Economic and Climate Forecast Contracts Are Live - Client Login | View Markets | Learn More

For Individuals
For Institutions
FREE TRIAL
Careers
About Us
Support
Why IBKR
Pricing
Trading
Services
Education
Log In
Open Account

Privacy Preference Center

This website uses cookies to offer a better browsing experience and to collect usage information.
By clicking on the "ACCEPT COOKIES" button you accept our Cookie Policy.

Customize Settings  Accept Cookies

Will the United States economy enter a recession by the end of Q4 2025?
Open Interest: 10.3K
YES
2%
NO
99%
Will the year-over-year change in US Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index exceed 2.4% in October 2025?
Open Interest: -
YES
82%
NO
16%
Will the US Fed Funds Target Rate be set above 3.625% at the FOMC meeting ending January 28, 2026?
Open Interest: 765
YES
2%
NO
96%
Will 2025 be the warmest year on record?
Open Interest: 2.69K
YES
2%
NO
99%
Trade Your Predictions on Economic, and Climate Events

IBKR ForecastTrader1 lets you use exchange-listed Forecast Contracts to trade your opinion on yes-or-no questions on economic and climate events. Plus you’ll earn 3.14% APY2 on your investment with an interest-like incentive coupon, and new accounts get USD 3.00 you can use to trade Forecast contracts.

Learn More

Displayed outcomes and prices are based on real-time market sentiment from ForecastEx LLC, an affiliate of IB LLC. For more information see ibkr.com/realfex

Professional Pricing

Commissions starting at $05, low margin rates, high interest paid, and Stock Yield Enhancement.

Global Access

Invest globally in stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds and funds from a single unified platform.

Premier Technology

IBKR's powerful suite of technology helps you optimize your trading speed and efficiency and perform sophisticated portfolio analysis.

Strength & Security

$19.5 billion in equity capital6, automated risk controls, all assets marked to market daily, rated “A- Outlook Stable” by Standard & Poor's.7

Award Winning Platform & Services

#1 Professional Trading
#1 International Trading

Best Online Broker
for Advanced Traders

#1 Best Online Broker
5 out of 5 stars

Best for
Advanced Traders

Best Online Broker

See All Awards
Experience Professional Pricing
Low commissions starting at $05 with no added spreads, ticket charges, platform fees, or account minimums.
IBKR BestXSM is a powerful suite of advanced trading technologies designed to help clients achieve best execution and maximize price improvement while minimizing market impact.
Margin rates up to 55% lower than the industry.8
Earn high interest rates of up to USD 3.14% on instantly available cash.3
Earn extra income on your lendable shares
Learn More About IBKR
Discover a World of Opportunities



Invest globally in stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds and funds from a single unified platform. Fund your account in multiple currencies and trade assets denominated in multiple currencies. Access market data 24 hours a day and six days a week.

160

Markets

37

Countries

28

Currencies9


Global Markets

Graphic is for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon for investment decisions.

NYSE : CLOSED | LSE : OPEN | HKSE : CLOSED

Powerful Trading Platforms To Help You Succeed

Award winning platforms for every investor from beginner to advanced on mobile, web and desktop.

Trading Platforms

Discover new investment opportunities with over 200 free and premium research and news providers.

Research and News

Spot market opportunities, analyze results, manage your account and make better decisions with our free trading tools.

Free Trading Tools

100+ order types - from limit orders to complex algorithmic trading - help you execute any trading strategy.

Order Types and Algos

Real-time trade confirmations, margin specifics, transaction cost evaluation, advanced portfolio assessment and beyond.

Comprehensive Reporting

A Broker You Can Trust

When placing your money with a broker, you need to make sure your broker is secure and can endure through good and bad times in the broader financial markets. Our strong capital position, conservative balance sheet and automated risk controls are designed to protect IBKR from major market events that can threaten the stability of financial institutions.

Member of the

S&P 500

Nasdaq Listed: IBKR

 

$19.5B

Equity Capital6

 

74%

Privately Held6

 

$13.3B

Excess Regulatory Capital6

 

4.13M

Client Accounts6



 

3.62M

Daily Avg Revenue Trades6


IBKR Protection
Choose the Best Account Type for You

Individual Accounts

Joint or Trust Accounts

Retirement Accounts

Non-Professional Advisor

Institutional Accounts

STEP 1
Complete the Application

It only takes a few minutes

STEP 2
Fund Your Account

Connect your bank or transfer an account

STEP 3
Get Started Trading

Take your investing to the next level

Open Account

FINRA BrokerCheck reports for Interactive Brokers and its investment professionals are available at www.finra.org/brokercheck

Interactive Brokers LLC is a CFTC-registered Futures Commission Merchant and a clearing member and affiliate of ForecastEx LLC (“ForecastEx”). ForecastEx is a CFTC-registered Designated Contract Market and Derivatives Clearing Organization. Interactive Brokers LLC provides access to ForecastEx forecast contracts for eligible customers. Interactive Brokers LLC does not make recommendations with respect to any products available on its platform, including those offered by ForecastEx.
Payments equivalent to interest in the form of an incentive coupon subject to variation with benchmark rates.
Restrictions apply. See additional information on interest rates. Credit interest rate as of December 12, 2025.
View our margin rates for more information.
IBKR Lite provides commission-free trades in US exchange-listed stocks and ETFs. For complete information, see ibkr.com/commissions.
Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates. For additional information view our Investors Relations - Earnings Release section.
Interactive Brokers LLC rating by Standard & Poor's. View report
For complete information, see ibkr.com/compare.
Available currencies vary by Interactive Brokers affiliate.

Interactive Brokers®, IBSM, InteractiveBrokers.com®, Interactive Analytics®, IB Options AnalyticsSM, IB SmartRoutingSM, BestXSM, PortfolioAnalyst®, IB Trader WorkstationSM and One World, One AccountSM are service marks and/or trademarks of Interactive Brokers LLC. Supporting documentation for any claims and statistical information will be provided upon request. Any trading symbols displayed are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to portray recommendations.

The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial.

Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. For more information read the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, also known as the options disclosure document (ODD). Alternatively, please contact IB Customer Service to receive a copy of the ODD. Before trading, clients must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our Warnings and Disclosures page. Trading on margin is only for experienced investors with high risk tolerance. You may lose more than your initial investment. For additional information about rates on margin loans, please see Margin Loan Rates. Security futures involve a high degree of risk and are not suitable for all investors. The amount you may lose may be greater than your initial investment. Before trading security futures, read the Security Futures Risk Disclosure Statement. Structured products and fixed income products such as bonds are complex products that are riskier and not suitable for all investors. Before trading, please read the Risk Warning and Disclosure Statement.

For information on the IBKR ATS and IBKR Eos ATS, please visit the SEC site.

37 countries include both countries and territories.

Account

Log In
Open an Account
Finish an Application
Account Types
Free Trial

Software & Downloads

Trader Workstation
IBKR Desktop
IBKR Mobile
APIs

Support

Fund Your Account
For Individuals
For Institutions
Institutional Sales Contacts
Browse our FAQs
System Status

Vendor Support

Supplier Information

About Us

Awards
Careers
Information and History
Investor Relations
News @ IBKR
Press and Media
Regulatory Reports

Connect with Us

Discover IBKR on Social Media
 Facebook
 Instagram
 LinkedIn
 Reddit
 X (Twitter)
 YouTube
Accessibility Policy Anti-Fraud Notice Customer Identification Program Notice Customer Relationship Summary Warning on Frauds and Scams Forms and Disclosures Privacy Site Map

Interactive Brokers LLC

Is a member NYSE - FINRA - SIPC and regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Headquarters: One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830 USA
Website: www.interactivebrokers.com

Information on Other Interactive Brokers Affiliates