[Inter-Corporate] Inter-Corporate Computer & Network Services, Inc. - Simplifying complexity Solutions Services Support Products Login Company Contact Inter-Corporate Electronic Mail Your eMail should be fast, private, secure, and reliable.  With 38 years of experience, Inter-Corporate is the reliable choice for eMail systems that scale to any size. Read more Inter-Corporate Computer & Network Services, Inc. Solutions Home Services Login Support Company Products Contact us Simplifying complexity. Inter-Corporate Computer & Network Services, Inc. - Simplifying complexity Secure your growing business with our services... Emergency service Computer security Disaster recovery Network support eMail services Virtual servers Domain names Web site hosting Emergency service Computer security Disaster recovery Network support eMail services Virtual servers Domain names Web site hosting Internet services EMail is important for consumers and businesses as a crucial communications tool.  Our eMail services are consistently reliable, modern, secure, and fast, and our expertise dates back from the early 1990s for internet mail, and to the early 1980s for other electronic mail technologies that were used before the internet became widely available. Does your organization need professional eMail services? Contact us to find out how we can simplify complexity by providing fast, reliable, and secure services that are aimed at serving your basic and unique business needs. We also host web sites that are fast and secure, ranging from self-serve WordPress solutions to fully-managed interactive systems that are tailored to your specific business internet needs using state-of-the-art technology that can even be integrated with your existing business systems. Business systems As your organization's client base expands, or as your customers become more sophisticated or demanding, the importance of an efficient and reliable computer and network infrastructure that effectively supports your staff also increases.  Inter-Corporate provides many levels of support ranging from casual on-demand assistance to complete multi-site infrastructure implementation, documentation, standardization, and all other aspects of system administration. Specific information about our range of services is available in our services index , or you can contact us to discuss your needs directly, schedule a site assessment, or order equipment, software, or services. Solutions Services Support Products Home Login Company Contact Copyright © 1992-2025 Inter-Corporate Computer & Network Services, Inc. All rights reserved.  All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.  The information provided on this internet site does not constitute a contract with any person or entity unless otherwise specified.  Although reasonable efforts are made to present accurate information, we do not guarantee it.  Information may change without prior notice.