Interview Magazine X X Art Music Fashion Culture Film Shop Masthead Contact Us Newsletter Subscribe Get the magazine! Newsletter Sign up! Art Music Fashion Culture Film Shop Zohran Mamdani and Mel Ottenberg on Suitsupply, Scaffolding, and Sugar-Free Red Bull BOY NEXT DOOR Connor Storrie Didn’t Think This Was Going to Work Out by Jake Nevins INFLUENCER Boobs, Loubs, and Birkins: Morgan Stewart’s Rules For Dressing by Interview RORSCHACH TEST Kevin O’Leary on Taxes, Trudeau, and Timmy’s Oscar Chances by Interview SHARE LOCATION Emily in Paris Hunk Paul Forman Shares His Guide to the City of Love by Interview THROWBACK Marty Supreme Reminds Us That Gwyneth Paltrow Was Always the Star by Brad Goldfarb COWGIRL Michelle Randolph and Demi Moore on Escaping the Beauty Trap by Demi Moore XXX “I Gained My Views on Hate and Controversy”: Our Favorite OnlyFans Stars of 2025 December 30, 2025 In 2025, we invited a host of sex workers to sound off on an ever-changing industry in the pages of Interview. Here, we’ve compiled spicy bits of wisdom from eight of our favorites. 'TIS THE SEASON The Beauty Trends Paloma Elsesser, Chloë Sevigny and More Are Bringing Into 2026 December 29, 2025 In 2025, we launched a brand-new column called Face Card. To ring in the new year, we combed through each installment to bring you the best—and worst—in a strange year for beauty. BAIT 10 Stars Interview Readers Gooned to This Year, From Lily Allen to Walton Goggins December 29, 2025 Our top 10 most-read stories of 2025, from Lily Allen’s no-holds-barred comeback to Selena and Benny’s post-engagement shoot. IN MEMORIAM Diane Keaton, Rob Reiner, and More: Interview Says Goodbye to the Stars We Lost in 2025 December 29, 2025 In 2025, we lost legends across film, music, fashion, and art, from Diane Keaton and Rob Reiner to D’Angelo and Giorgio Armani. Here, we’ve compiled their most iconic Interview moments. 'TIS THE SEASON The Movies Winona Ryder, Todd Solondz, and More Interview Stars Watched in 2025 December 26, 2025 In the last installment of our year-end round-ups, we gathered an eclectic mix of movie recommendations from Winona Ryder, Arthur Jafa, Francesca Scorsese, and more. 'TIS THE SEASON What Sabrina Carpenter, Harris Dickinson, and More Interview Stars Listened to in 2025 December 24, 2025 In this next installment of our year-end round-ups, we compiled music recommendations from Interview cover stars Sabrina Carpenter and Jeremy Allen White—and so many more. DIARY Notes From the St. Regis: High Altitude, Snow Polo, and A-List Après-Ski December 23, 2025 Channeling the spirit of our founder Andy Warhol, an avowed fan of all things Aspen, we documented three opulent and high-altitude days and nights at the St. Regis. 'TIS THE SEASON What Kaia Gerber, Graydon Carter, and More Interview Stars Read in 2025 December 23, 2025 As the year rounds to a close, we compiled reading recommendations from our 2025 subjects, including Kaia Gerber, Nicole Kidman, Jia Tolentino, and Graydon Carter. BACKSTAGE Lesley Manville and David Schwimmer on Grief, Growth, and Making It in America December 23, 2025 Shortly after seeing Studio 54’s revival of “Oedipus,” starring Lesley Manville, David Schwimmer called the British actress and Mike Leigh muse to find out more about her process. 'TIS THE SEASON What SZA, Lily Allen, and More Interview Stars Binge-Watched in 2025 December 22, 2025 “I like Love Is Blind and Love Is Blind: Habibi, which is the Saudi Arabian version.” CHEERS Last Call for 2025: The Interview Office Raises a Bottega Veneta Martini December 22, 2025 To mark the end of a tumultuous year (and Bottega Veneta’s new silver-plated martini glasses), we asked our Interview colleagues about the 2025 memories that shook or stirred them. DIRECTOR Park Chan-wook and Sandra Oh on the Crisis of the Modern Man December 22, 2025 The “No Other Choice” director sits down with his collaborator to unpack morality, madness, and why horror and humor are just two sides of the same knife. SEEK HELP Kathy Griffin Tells Interview Readers How to Break Into the Boys’ Club December 22, 2025 In this month’s installment of our advice column “Seek Help,” the Emmy-winning comedian advises our readers on prenups, threesomes, and the virtues of nastiness. NOW PLAYING Daniel Lopatin on the Music and Mania of Marty Supreme December 22, 2025 On a frigid afternoon in early December, we met up with the artist known as Oneohtrix Point Never to discuss his addictive, anachronistic score for Josh Safdie’s latest. ARCHIVES “He Was a Genius Without Even Trying”: Inside Davide Sorrenti’s Private Notebooks December 19, 2025 In an excerpt from the “Davide Sorrenti Journals,” now available through IDEA Books, Milla Jovovich, Richie Akiva and more reflect on the legacy of an artist gone too soon. DISCOURSE Gooners, Perverts, and Porn: Two Writers Investigate the Internet’s Strangest Subculture December 19, 2025 How much sympathy should we have for the pervert? On a panel with writer Tony Tulathimutte at Pioneer Works, the author of the viral gooning article goes further down the rabbit hole. THROWBACK How Rob Reiner Used Movies to Make Amends With His Distant Father December 18, 2025 In October 1986, the 39-year-old director sat down with Betsy Borns to make sense of his latest film. Today, we’re revisiting that story. CHAT Joel Edgerton Enters the Train Dreams Discourse December 18, 2025 The star of Netflix’s biggest Oscar hopeful hopped on a call to discuss the trickle-down economics of Hollywood casting, his response to the online noise, and why he’s finally done hiding. POD Meet Nymphet Alumni, The Podcasters Who Defined Culture in 2025 December 18, 2025 Alexi Alario, Biz Sherbert, and Sam Cummins spew cultural criticism and coin complex trends (ever heard of female-coded neo-losercore?). But what happens when they’re off the mic, alone with their thoughts? We did our best to find out. NOW PLAYING The Francesca Scorsese Guide to Moviegoing in New York City December 18, 2025 To most, Martin Scorsese is a titan of American cinema. But for his 26-year-old daughter Francesca, who’s beginning to pursue her own filmmaking aspirations, he’s simply “dad.” More FOLLOW US @INTERVIEWMAG Powered by Juicer.io Newsletter Masthead | Privacy | Terms | Contact Copyright © 2025 Interview Magazine. All Rights Reserved.