Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting Plans, Email & More | Internic.ca Skip to main content internic-simple-logo internic--logo AI Hosting & Websites domains security email seo Help Cart Welcome to Internic.ca Search Domains search dot-com $35.00 dot-ca $50.00 dot-co $60.00 Email Email that builds your brand. Learn More Business Hosting More Power. More Speed. More Business. View Plan Hosting Starting at $7.50 / mo Domains Starting at $50.00 / yr Security Starting at $6.00 / mo Email Starting at Free Hosting Migration Starting at: Free .CA Starting at $50.00 / yr Internic Account Management Let our experts manage your portfolio for you Don’t have time? We do. Save time and focus on what matters most to your business. We’ll evaluate and monitor domain opportunities for your brand so you can stay on top of your game. Our team also offers flexible billing, exclusive promotions, bulk discounts, and more. Learn More Streamlined services and simple tools give you the power to succeed online. Free SSL Security Keep your site safe and secure. Managed WordPress and Plesk Web Hosting users get a free SSL certificate to ensure that communication with your visitors is secure. It keeps personal and credit card information out of hackers hands and also improves your search engine rankings. Learn More About Security Options Professional Email Show you’re a pro Deliver your messages with a strong first impression. Using a customized domain-based email account builds brand recognition and consistency as you grow. Learn More About Email Hosting Power, space and flexibility. Store your site on our lightning-fast servers for top speed, security and guaranteed 99.9% uptime. Choose concierge-style managed web hosting when you want all technical details handled for you. See Web Hosting Plans The Internic difference: Award Winning Customer Support At Internic, you’re never on your own. If you have any questions regarding your website, you can always talk to someone. Our in-house team of knowledgeable agents (located in Ottawa, Canada) are happy to help you out via email or telephone, and from Monday to Friday via live chat (from 9 AM to 5 PM ET). Internic Help Centre Search for answers, troubleshoot problems, browse how-to’s and explore all the things your products can do. Get Help Domain Brokerage Don’t just get any domain, get the right domain. Internic brokers can help you get domains that are owned by someone else. Learn More Domain Investing Every domain is unique but its value depends on how much someone is willing to pay for it. With Internic you can easily list your domains on the world's largest domain reseller networks. Learn About Domain Investing Frequently asked questions How does Internic help small business owners succeed? back Entrepreneurs have enough on their plates without having to stress about getting and managing their professional image online. Whether you’re starting your first business website or simply looking to work with a more reliable partner, Internic makes it easy to set up or migrate what you already have, for free. Our support team is standing by to help you with everything from buying domains, choosing the right web hosting service, to setting up your professional email. If you’re looking to optimize your site’s security and Google rankings, Internic gives you the keys to unlock success. Why do I need a website for my business? back A strong digital presence is a must-have for today’s businesses. That’s because customers expect to find you online. Whether it’s a website, an e-commerce platform, a social media page or a combination of all three, getting your company online comes with major benefits. Visibility: Make it easy for customers and prospects to find you. Credibility: A professional website is the face of your brand. It builds trust. Reach: A site lets you market your brand effectively, tying it to social media. Creating a comprehensive digital presence is key to having a thriving business. And with Internic, the journey to get there is smooth, secure, seamless and fully supported. It’s also easier and more affordable than you might think. Why use Internic to build your website? back You get all the tools you need to create a site that’s unique to you without any technical expertise. This includes: Modern, professional and beautiful templates Drag & drop builder tools Powerful e-commerce tools • Optional website design packages Free SSL certificate, SEO and analytics included in our plans Why get a domain name from Internic? back If you own a business, Internic can help you find the perfect domain to represent you. But Internic isn't just about domain names. We've got everything you need to get online. From web hosting to custom design for your website and tools for attracting new traffic, Internic got you covered. And who doesn't love managing everything in one place? Why do I need a professional email? back Frankly, not having a custom personal email address in the digital age is risky. There are many reasons to match your domain to your email address and these are our top three: Adds authenticity: Your email address sends a message to customers before you do. Strengthens security: A custom email address gets top-notch spam and virus filters. Boosts your brand: Regardless of whether you have a storefront or not, a custom email address puts your business name where it can easily be found. Remember, domains are used for email addresses and websites. You can have a custom email address even if you decide to do nothing else with your domain. With Internic, you always get free assisted email migration and setup. What makes Internic Web Hosting trusted by customers in 186 countries? back Fast page load times. Really fast. Like 200 milliseconds or less. Free Site Migration: Internic will help you move an existing website — and email — to our secure servers at no charge. Expect virtually no interruption in service. Award Winning Customer Support: You can talk to a real person at any time. 99.99% uptime guarantee: Yes, your site will be available at least 99.99% of the time. Why choose Internic for WordPress? back Love your WordPress site but hate the maintenance? With Managed WordPress we look after the updates, backups, patches, and malware removal so you’ve got more time to build your business and your online community. Add to that, access to our award-winning support, free hosting migration, and a 30-day money back guarantee. If you already have a website, but are not happy with its performance, Internic also offers a tune-up package to get your WordPress site humming along in no time. Why should I transfer my domain, website or web hosting to Internic? back Your website is your #1 marketing asset and it needs to work for you―and your customers. When you partner with Internic, you get a 99.9% uptime guarantee. Simply put, that means when customers visit your website, it’ll be available and it will load super fast. This accessibility is critical to your online success. If your site is slow to load, customers will go elsewhere and you might not even realize that’s happening. Internic ensures your site loads in 200ms or less which is why our migration experts are so busy transferring customers’ websites (and email), domains and web hosting over to our powerful servers. That, and the fact that they make the switch so easy and seamless. Award-winning support Speak to real humans Chat with us Chat with us Our agents are available 8am-10pm EST daily Start chatting now Email us Email us 24/7 Email Us Call us Call us 9am-5pm EST (daily) 1-866-642-1232 company About Services Partner Program support Contact Us Help Centre Free Hosting Migration Quick Renew Email Setup Assistant Status Page Subscribe to our news & promotions Enter your email clear field submit Internic Twitter Internic Facebook Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Abuse Policy Report Abuse @ Copyright 2025 Internic.ca. All rights reserved.