AI
Developer Tools
Team Tools
Education
Solutions
Support
Store
IntelliJ IDEA
JetBrains IDEs
What's New
Features
Resources
Pricing
Download
IntelliJ IDEA
The Leading IDE for Professional Development

in Java and Kotlin

Download

IntelliJ IDEA goes AI

Discover more

Less routine, more coding joy.
All refined JetBrains AI tools – right in your IDE, for free.

Coding Agent
Unlimited Code Completion
Offline Mode
Latest AI Models
Codebase Context
Multi-File Edits
VCS Assistance
Why IntelliJ IDEA
Productive development

IntelliJ IDEA helps you write code faster with tools that eliminate tedious tasks and let you focus on what matters – building great software.

Code quality

Get everything you need to write quality code, minimize bugs, and reduce technical debt so you can spend more time on innovation instead of troubleshooting.

Ready for all your dev tasks

Supporting you at every stage from design and development to testing and deployment, it provides everything you need to get the job done efficiently.

Cutting-edge technology support

With cutting-edge technology support from the start, IntelliJ IDEA keeps you ahead of the curve in a rapidly evolving tech landscape.

Ultimate comfort

Designed for ultimate comfort, it offers a smooth, enjoyable workflow that helps you stay in the flow.

Privacy and security

IntelliJ IDEA offers clear consent options for data collection, storage, and sharing, ensuring your information is used only for agreed-upon purposes.

The Ultimate Experience
Smart editor
Run and debug
ULTIMATE
Web development
ULTIMATE
Profiler
ULTIMATE
Spring / Jakarta EE
ULTIMATE
Database Tools
ULTIMATE
Cloud and deployment
ULTIMATE
Remote development
Download

78%

of Java developers choose IntelliJ IDEA

Our customers say
More testimonials
Mary Grygleski

Senior Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

IntelliJ IDEA is undoubtedly the top-choice IDE for software developers.

Mohamed Taman

Owner/CEO,
Java Champion

I always feel happy and at home when working on my projects using IntelliJ IDEA.

Josh Long

Spring Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

I use IntelliJ IDEA and haven't looked back.

Angie Jones

Global Vice President of Developer Relations,
Java Champion

I've been using it extensively and love how efficient it makes me as a developer.

Dr Heinz Kabutz

Publisher of The Java Specialists' Newsletter,
Java Champion

It's so much more pleasant to work with IntelliJ IDEA than anything else I've tried.

Daniel Terhorst-North

Founder, Dan North & Associates Limited,
IT Consultant

There's practically no other software I use that feels as natural.

Hemant Gaur

Software Engineer,
Technical Architect and Founder at APPBUDDY TECHNOLOGIES

It makes life easier by providing the right tool for developers and removing many developer pain points while coding.

Neha Sardana

Software Developer,
JUG leader

I regret that I haven't used it before. The things that I've learned so far have made me a more productive developer both at work and in my personal projects.

Nikhil Nanivadekar

Project lead Eclipse Collections,
Java Champion

It took about two or three days to get familiar with IntelliJ IDEA, and then I was absolutely blown away by the productivity that I was gaining.

Nicolai Parlog

Java Enthusiast

It's a tool I use every day, and I enjoy using it.

Brian Vermeer

Staff Developer Advocate,
Java Champion

It simply works.

1/4
Companies worldwide trust IntelliJ IDEA

Proven compliance and security

JetBrains tools adhere to industry-leading security standards, including SOC 2 certification, ensuring your organization’s data is protected and our products are compliant with global regulations.

What's new
Command completion

Forget about shortcuts and use code native patterns to harness the power of your favorite IDE! To help keep you in the flow, IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3 introduces command completion – a new way to access context-aware actions directly from code completion.

Type . to see code completion and postfix completion suggestions, as well as actions.
Type .. to filter the results to actions only.
Select an action to see the exact context and preview what the action will do if applied.

This refinement makes development more comfortable and efficient, as you no longer need to decide between multiple ways to find and invoke actions in a given situation.

For details, check out the blog post.

Spring Boot 4 and Spring Framework 7 Ultimate

IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3 helps you stay at the cutting edge of development in the Spring ecosystem. First-class support for the latest improvements in Spring Framework 7 and Spring Boot 4 simplifies application development while also reducing friction in your developer experience. Improvements to REST API versioning, programmatic bean registration, and declarative HTTP service clients keep you in the flow and focused on your most important tasks, rather than stuck with setup.

Spring Debugger updates Ultimate

The Spring Debugger plugin now has over 250,000 users, and your feedback has allowed us to continue improving it to help you better understand what's happening inside your Spring applications. Right after the plugin's release, the top question was "Can I debug remote applications?" We're now happy to say that the answer is: "Absolutely!" Simply start your app with a debug port open, and then attach from the IDE. That's it – you're all set.

We've also added another highly anticipated feature: IntelliJ IDEA can now automatically connect to your database when the application starts.

Make sure to update your Spring Debugger plugin to the latest version to get these improvements and other fixes.

Java 25

Released in September 2025, Java 25 is the next Long-Term Support (LTS) version of the Java platform. IntelliJ IDEA has supported Java 25 from day one of its release, ensuring developers could immediately benefit from the latest language, runtime, and tooling enhancements.

In this release, we are adding the finishing touches to this support – making sure all bundled tools and libraries, including Async Profiler 4.1 and JaCoCo, are compatible with Java 25 runtimes.

JDK 25 builds from all major vendors – Oracle OpenJDK, IBM Semeru J9, GraalVM, and Microsoft Build of OpenJDK – are available for download directly from IntelliJ IDEA.

For details about the features and improvements introduced between Java 21 and Java 25, check out this detailed blog post.

All new features
Product news

December 23, 2025

Thread Dumps and Project Loom (Virtual Threads)

If you’ve been keeping up with Java virtual threads, you already know that this hot new feature significantly improves hardware utilization for parallel I/O-bound operations. Virtual threads map mult

December 18, 2025

IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3.1 Is Out!

IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3.1 is out with a number of useful fixes. You can update to this version from inside the IDE, using the Toolbox App, or using snaps if you are a Ubuntu user. You can also downloa

December 8, 2025

IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3 Is Out Now!

IntelliJ IDEA 2025.3 has arrived!  This version brings significant updates designed to streamline your productivity and help you confidently adopt the latest innovations across the Java ecosys

All product news
Tell me about new product features as they come out
I agree that my personal data will be processed for this purpose.
Submit
Follow us
Community forum
@IntelliJIDEA on X
Bug and issue tracker
Facebook
IntelliJ IDEA blog
YouTube
Plugin Marketplace
LinkedIn
Bluesky
AI
JetBrains AI
AI Assistant
Junie
AI in IDEs
AI Enterprise
AI News
Developer Tools
All Products
IDEs
.NET and Visual Studio
Team Tools
Plugin Marketplace
Toolbox App
Solutions
Business
Data
IDE Services
Remote Development
Game Development
DevOps
Initiatives
Kotlin
Open Source
JetBrains Research
JetBrains Mono
MPS
Education
Students
Teachers
Bootcamps
Teams
Course Catalog
University Programs
Store
Plans and Pricing
All Products Pack
dotUltimate
Partners and Resellers
Customers and Awards
Support
Technical Support
Contact Sales
Documentation
JetBrains Account
Resources
Blog
Early Access
Events and Livestreams
Newsletters
Industry Reports
Inspectopedia
Desktop Art
Community
User Groups
Open-Source Partnerships
Developer Recognition
Content Creators
Company
About
Contacts
Careers
Brand Assets
Merchandise
Trust Center
Republic of Korea
English
Privacy and Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Attributions
Legal
Genuine Tools
Opt-Out
Copyright © 2000-2025 JetBrains s.r.o.
Developed with drive and IntelliJ IDEA