International SOS You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. Skip to content Subscriber Assistance +82 (2) 3140 1700 Subscriber Login Select Shop Here eShop Services eShop Events Insights About Us Our Experts Popular Keywords ISO 31030 Mental Health Consulting Contact Us Your Partner in Security and Health Services Worldwide Cost-effective measures for business travelers and international assignees Aligning your travel risk management program to ISO 31030 Personalized protection tailored to each executive’s needs Activate to access our latest security and health advice. Anywhere, anytime. Access the Risk Outlook 2026 Report Now Built on insights from over 860 global leaders and specialists, this year’s report goes beyond identifying risks; it explores why organizations need a new pace of preparedness to stay ahead along with expert analysis and actionable insights. 40 Years of Saving Lives 40 years of supporting health, security and wellbeing worldwide. Explore our journey. Proving ROI for your Organization Addressing ISO 31030 Safeguarding your Senior Leadership Download our Assistance App Risk Outlook 2026 Report 40 Years of Saving Lives Scroll Down Join us at our events Webinar China | Risk Outlook 2026 Beijing, China Mandarin Business Continuity Health Resilience Risk Travel Security Workforce In-Person Event Safeguarding The Future: Executive Protection & Resilience for a Changing World New York, NY 10036, United States English Business Continuity Crisis Management Resilience Risk Safety Security Webinar Medical and Security Readiness for the World Cup 2026 English Business Continuity Duty of Care Security Travel View All Events Stay Ahead with Our Health & Security Expertise Protests in the Age of Acceleration: Lessons from the June 2025 LA Operations Article In June 2025, a series of coordinated Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids across Los Angeles quickly escalated into widespread protests. For corporate security leaders, the incident is a wake-up call. The risk landscape in 2025 demands new strategies, new tools, and a more proactive approach to intelligence. Be Ready for the World's Largest Soccer Tournament in 2026 Article Assistance Duty of Care Risk Security The biggest soccer tournament of 2026 will be a historic tournament held across 16 cities in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico—the first to span three countries. With global excitement comes the need for careful planning to ensure health, safety, and security for all. Healthcare Challenges Surrounding the 2026 Winter Games Article Duty of Care Health Safety Security Travel Spanning multiple locations, the 2026 Winter Games bring an exceptional level of medical, logistical and environmental complexity. This article covers the key challenges to consider. Embedding Mental Health into Your Occupational Health Program Article Duty of Care Mental Health Occupational Health Fragmented workplace mental health initiatives often treat symptoms rather than root psychosocial risks, leading to hidden costs like burnout, turnover, and compliance challenges. The solution is to embed mental health within the OH&S management system, aligning with ISO 45001 and ISO 45003 to create a structured, auditable framework that manages psychological health with the same rigor as physical safety, ensuring resilience and global consistency. View all insights Health & Security Services at your Fingertips Senior Health & Security Advisors 24/7 Assistance Trusted & Timely Insights & Analyses View our Services We care for over 9,000 organizations , from more than 1,200 locations in 90 countries . Partnering with International SOS can help you strengthen your organization's resilience, improve your employees' health and wellbeing, and ultimately, reduce your costs. Learn more about our approach +51,000 Security and Health Consulting Hours Delivered Last Year +8,000 Calls for Assistance Every Day +1,700 Security and Medical Evacuations in 2024 IS YOUR ORGANIZATION ALIGNED WITH ISO 31030? To help you evaluate your current approach to Travel Risk Management , our team of security and health experts has developed a quick, no-cost assessment. In just five minutes , you will receive a personalized report that you can share directly with your leadership team. Your tailored report includes: An overview of your organization’s current maturity in managing travel risks, benchmarked against ISO 31030 standards. Key preventative measures to reduce the impact of travel-related risks on your people and operations. Clear, actionable recommendations to enhance your Travel Risk Management policies and programs. START YOUR FREE ASSESSMENT HOW WE SUPPORT OUR CLIENTS Game Plan: EventSafe Solution for a Sporting Brand | Paris, France Discover how a globally acclaimed athletic brand successfully managed a high-profile event in Paris with the help of International SOS Consulting. Learn about the comprehensive EventSafe solution that ensures optimal safety and medical preparedness, prioritizing the wellbeing of all attendees, including those under 18. Business Continuity Duty of Care Health Safety Mitigating Occupational Health Risks Offshore for a Global Organization In 2019, a global offshore energy company partnered with International SOS to address occupational health risks among its workforce. Implementing solutions like medical and global health advisory, medical staffing, Electronic Medical Records, clinical governance and medical supervision (Topside Support) led to enhanced safety and health management. By 2024, this collaboration not only saved the company nearly a seven-digit figure annually but also established a model for proactive health risk management, benefiting both employees and the company’s bottom line. Business Continuity Compliance Health Health Systems Injury Case Management Medical Coverage and Repatriation for Injured Student on School Trip | Singapore, Singapore During an overseas school trip to Bangkok, Thailand a patient sustained cuts to his lower limbs from a broken glass door. The patient had sleepwalked from his hotel room to the lobby and in an attempt to open the glass door, resorted to kicking it and injuring himself. International SOS assistance was contacted by the patient’s school for medical expenses coverage and the patient’s safe return to Singapore. Assistance Health Evacuation View All Case Studies Quality Assured Services Learn More about our Certifications Need Urgent Advice? If you are an existing client with a medical or security question/concern, please call one of our Assistance Centers for support. For any other inquiries, please email us. Call for medical or security assistance +82 (2) 3140 1700 or Contact Us *The designations employed and the presentation of these materials do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of International SOS concerning the legal status of any country, territory or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. Ribbon Back to top Ribbon How we can support Contact Us Subscriber Login Subscriber Support Browse by Needs Browse by Services Events & Insights Events Featured Insights Case Studies All Insights Newsroom About Us Who We Are Our Locations Sustainability Careers Our Foundation Call for medical or security assistance +82 (2) 3140 1700 Policy Privacy Client Privacy Terms and Conditions Accessibility UK Modern Slavery Statement Sitemap AEA International Holdings. Pte. Ltd and each of its affiliates are legally separate and independent entities. © 2024 International SOS Select AEA International Holdings. Pte. Ltd and each of its affiliates are legally separate and independent entities. © 2024 International SOS