IntisTele - SMS Provider. Best Mass Bulk Text Messaging Service Pricing Solutions Contacts API FAQ Blog Login Try us now Homepage Pricing Solutions Contacts API FAQ Blog Login Try us now Making Business Messaging Easy Our name says it all. Intis - IN stant T elecommunicat I on S . Whether it’s SMS or other channels, we’ve been perfecting the global, rapid and accurate delivery of the marketing, transactional and informative content your clients value for over a decade. Try us now Hosting You have exceeded your monthly traffic threshold of 10Tb. Further traffic will be charged at $5/Tb Delivery Your parcel  KU2566353564CN has passed customs clearance Paywall Admission with card ID 2569 at 12:00:42 Starting From ... ... We’ve built a powerful, stable, easy to use cloud-based SMS text messaging solution using direct mobile operator connectivity our pricing Advanced SMS Platform (ASMSP) Sophisticated text messaging service to help SMS aggregators optimise their business Read More Web2SMS Dashboard Our simple, intuitive dashboard enables you to harness the power of  SMS to start engaging with your customers even if you have no coding experience. Create and run fantastic campaigns rapidly using templates, schedules and personalisation tags to make them more effective learn more Partner with us The demand for Business Messaging using SMS is only heading one way – upwards! Our intuitive, easy to use cloud-based SMS texting solution provides a great opportunity for you to cash in on this. You’ll earn up to 10% of the monthly top-up payments any clients you bring to us make! read more Thank you for your interest in our company! /intistelecom /Intis-telecom @intistelecom @intistelecom SMS Marketing Tips How to Avoid Data Leakage Last time we talked about data leakage. We looked at what it is and why you should be wary of it. This time we want to talk about how to... November 21, 2022 SMS Marketing Tips How to Protect Client Data Collecting client data is important for companies. Thanks to this information, businesses can create personalised offers for their customers, send them promotional messages and updates, increase sales, etc. However, when... November 11, 2022 SMS Marketing Tips Data Leakage Data leakage is a nightmare for any company. It can lead to large financial losses and a fall in customer loyalty. Leakages happen when data gets to third parties without... November 3, 2022 SMS Marketing Tips Retargeting: Win Your Clients Back Recently, we talked about why subscribers sometimes opt-out of your SMS. Today, we want to talk about the methods available for winning them back. One of them is retargeting. Retargeting... October 21, 2022 Thank you for your interest in our company! /intistelecom /Intis-telecom @intistelecom @intistelecom Intis Telecom Launches a New Domain Zone Nov 3, 2021 The new Top-Level Domain IT.COM is open for business right now at get.it.com and you’ll be able to select and protect any domain name in the new zone Read more 4 Unexpected Ways Short URLs Can Help Grow Your Business For Free Dec 4, 2020 Short URLs can generate up to 39 per cent more clicks than long ones because social media users are more willing to share them Read more We are Global We have offices in London, Phoenix and Dublin. Our Contacts Thank you for your interest in our company! Company Blog Pricing Contacts Affiliate Resources Solutions FAQ Software SMS Platform API Account Login Sign up © Intis Telecom, 2010-2026 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Refund Policy Antispam Policy Sign Up First Name Second Name Company name Company website Email Telephone Desired monthly volume 10 000 SMS 10 000 - 100 000 SMS 100 000+ SMS SMS appointment Please select at least one! Notifications Advertising Own option All fields are mandatory to fill. Buy submitting this form, I accept terms of use , privacy policy and antispam policy Thank you! Your message has been received. The manager will reply within 1 business day. ‍ Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. This page version does not exist.