     
RIAs
RIA News
Practice Management
goRIA
Advisor News
Independent Broker Dealers
Wirehouses
Regulation & Compliance
Retirement Planning
Transformation
Expert Advice
Opinion
Mergers & Acquisitions
Fintech
Investing
Equities
Fixed Income
Mutual Funds
Emerging Markets
Alternatives
ETFs
Life Insurance & Annuities
Resources
Benchmarking Study
Premium Content
Awards & Recognition
Videos
The InvestmentNews Podcast
Events
Webinars
Whitepapers
Women Advisor Community
Companies
AdvisorTech
IRA Alert
Subscribers Only
Analytics and Insights
Market Outlook Data
Data Reports
Magazine
Regulation and Legal Cases
Advisory Committee
National
California
Florida
New York
Best in Wealth
 SEARCH
 LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
RIAs
Advisor News
Investing
Resources
Subscribers Only
Advisory Committee
Best in Wealth
RIA News
RIA M&A poised for another record year in 2026, DeVoe finds

DeVoe & Company projects RIA M&A activity to keep rising, while another industry dealmaker expects private equity's minority investments to expand into smaller RIAs sub-$2 billion in assets.

By Andrew Cohen
Retirement Planning
Robinhood, Schwab to match $1,000 for employees’ Trump Accounts

Schwab CEO Rick Wurster said matching federal Trump Account contributions reflects a push to get more Americans invested early, as Robinhood echoed its mission to “democratize finance.”

Alternatives
Infrastructure investors re-price risk as AI, geopolitics, grid constraints reshape 2026 outlook

Aon’s Corey Lewis says investor sentiment has changed amid growing tensions

Equities
With rising wealth, more women are shaking up the art market

Younger women are beating male peers, latest report on collecting reveals

Practice Management
Control, cash flow, and tax efficiency: How UHNW families invested in 2025

Tom Bratkovich, chief investment officer at DCA Family Office looks back over the year

Read More
Expert Advice Todd Bryant, CFP®, AIF®, ChFC®, CLU®
Breaking away from 60/40: How alternatives are reshaping investing
Expert Advice Peter V. Disch Jr., CFP®
Why advisors must rethink client engagement beyond performance metrics
Expert Advice Darnel Bentz 
Passing Wealth With Purpose: Smart Strategies for a Smoother Inheritance
Trending Topics
Wirehouses
Goldman to ramp up investment in Japan’s mid-cap companies

Wall Street investment bank is looking for corporate clients in areas such as management buyouts, subsidiary sales and business succession planning

Equities
Bond traders’ big bet targets US 10-year back to 4% within weeks

Data released this week confirmed heavy buying in one March 10-year options contract over the past week

Regulation And Legislation
FINRA fines Osaic Institutions $650k over AML lapses

The brokerage industry regulator cited gaps in surveillance, customer due diligence, and red-flag escalation across the firm’s sprawling retail and cross-border business.

Fixed Income
Bessent sees room for a future revamp of the Fed’s 2% target

The Treasury secretary sees a "robust conversation" for establishing an inflation range – but the federal government and policymakers have to "maintain credibility" first.

Equities
Watch out for hidden AI bets and rising concentration risk, Morningstar warns

Behind the chatbot hype, Morningstar highlights a surge in AI-related capex, questions around execution, and stealth portfolio exposures for equity investors.

PREMIUM When scale stops being the goal

Stephen Amarante sees a decade of growth ahead for institutions that act on insight, not size.

PREMIUM Beyond firewalls: why cyber insurance must keep pace

Precision attacks on high-net-worth households require specialized coverage built on deep data

SPONSORED Custom portfolios at scale: From idea to infrastructure

A closer look at how Concentric's lot-level precision and tax optimization are changing the math on customization.

SPONSORED How preferred stock tool keeps advisors alert

Advisors are competing with low-cost ETF bundles and under pressure to show value, but BNK Invest believes it has the ideal solution to capitalize on an under appreciated security.

White papers
White papers
Private Real Estate Investing in 2025 and Beyond – A Collection of Ares Insights
By: Ares Management
White papers
Foundations for Exceptional Financial Planning
By: eMoney Advisor
White papers
Efficiency as a Model: 7 Automated Workflows That Grow Margins Without Hiring 
By: Holistiplan
White papers
The Prospecting Blueprint: 6 Hacks to Attract More Clients Without Starting from Scratch
By: Dunham & Associates
Videos & Podcasts
Videos
What technology barriers do advisors complain about the most?

It's a hassle and change is never easy, but Kevin Hughes, President, Financial Planning, Advyzon puts forward the case for simplifying and overhauling your tech stack.

Videos
Can buffer ETFs ease fears around a market correction?

Charles Champagne, Head of ETF Strategy at Allianz, spoke to INTV at Schwab IMPACT in Denver. He put forward the case for using buffer ETFs as the equity bull run continues apace.

Videos
Derivatives-based ETFs ... what's the story?

Chris Murphy, Head of ETF Specialists at T. Rowe Price, breaks down the latest ETF trends at Schwab IMPACT 2025 in Denver, Colorado.

Videos
Where are the opportunities in fixed income?

Warren Pierson, co-Chief Investment Officer at Baird Funds tells INTV that bonds yields are in a good spot but advisors shouldn't stretch for risk.

Videos
Is it really time to look beyond US markets?

Ed Lopez, Head of ETF Product at VanEck explains why de-dollarization and EM bonds have led investors to international markets.

Videos
Want to justify your fees? Focus on estate planning

Gene Farrell, CEO of Vanilla, spoke to INTV at Schwab IMPACT 2025 about why the average end client doesn't believe advisors can generate investment alpha and why estate planning is where their true value lies.

Upcoming Events
EVENTS

Venue: The Edison Ballroom
Join us as we commemorate another year of excellence at the prestigious InvestmentNews Awards, dedicated to honoring outstanding professionals and firms in the wealth management industry.

VISIT SITE
June 24, 2026
WEBINARS
Mastering the HNW Market: A Strategic Blueprint for Growth and Retention

High-net-worth clients want more than performance—they want a trusted advisor who delivers personalized, proactive service. Join Orion for a webinar on proven strategies to attract, serve, and retain HNW clients. Whether you're new to the space or refining your approach, you'll gain insights to deepen relationships and grow with confidence. Watch now to elevate your practice.

AVAILABLE NOW
June 26, 2025
WEBINARS
Warm Wins: How to Find More Warm Leads with AI-Powered Prospecting

Cold calling is inefficient, and financial advisors need a smarter way to connect with prospects ready to engage. Join our webinar to hear about Aidentified, an AI-powered prospecting tool that helps you quickly find warm leads and close deals faster. Learn how to build targeted prospect lists using over 150 attributes, including career history, wealth segment, and income, and leverage AI relationship mapping to identify your warmest connections in your network. Enhance your prospecting strategy and grow your client base more effectively — watch now!

AVAILABLE NOW
December 5, 2024
SUBSCRIBE

Get unlimited access to InvestmentNews

Subscribe for just $19.99 per month.
Subscribe
About
About Us
Glossary
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Consent Preferences
Authors
External contributors
Sitemap
Contact
Contact Us
Customer Service
More from us
Best in Wealth
Guides
Media Kit
Editorial Calendar
Subscribers
Newsletter
Issue Archive
Digital Subscription Agreement
Subscribe

Copyright © 2025 KM Business Information US, Inc.

Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. All rights reserved