Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips | InvestorPlace Skip to content DOW / Nasdaq / S&P / Primary Menu ☰ InvestorPlace Log in My Account My Services Manage Account Support Logout Our Products Our Analysts Education Center Free Content Market Analysis Stock Picks Market Insight Crypto Stocks to Buy Hot Stocks About InvestorPlace Search symbol, company name, or keywords Search Close Menu Log in Log out My Services Manage Account Support Logout Market Analysis The 2026 Bear Market Nobody Sees Coming (Except This Guy) By Luke Lango December 19, 2025 Earnings Reports While Wall Street Panics About AI, MU Just Brought Receipts By Luke Lango December 19, 2025 Market Analysis The Next AI Moonshot Is Already Here By Louis Navellier December 18, 2025 Louis explores why tech leaders are suddenly aiming for space, why a potential SpaceX IPO could tempt investors and how to avoid confusing bold ideas with sound investments in fundamentally superior stocks. Market Analysis Dec 18, 2025 The AI Selloff Is Starting – Where to Move Your Money Market Analysis Dec 17, 2025 Oil Is Tanking: What It Means for Investors + a Big AI Red Flag Market Analysis Dec 17, 2025 The Natural Gas Reckoning Is Overdue – Prepare Now Special Report Seven Stocks That Will Outperform the Magnificent Seven in 2025 By Louis Navellier Get this report Keep Informed With Our Newsletters Each one is delivered right to your email inbox — absolutely FREE! Market 360 Get Louis Navellier’s take on the news and events impacting the market, plus his top stock picks. Sign Up for Market 360 Newsletter Hypergrowth Investing Get the biggest tech trends of the century and learn how to play hypergrowth stocks that will mint a new generation of millionaires. Sign Up for Hypergrowth Investing Newsletter Smart Money Get Eric Fry’s research & advice to make big gains from the world’s biggest macroeconomic and geopolitical events. Sign Up for Smart Money Newsletter InvestorPlace Digest Get the best free advice from the analysts at InvestorPlace… delivered straight to your inbox. Sign Up for InvestorPlace Digest Newsletter View all newsletters Follow Us on Social Media? Being Exponential with Luke Lango 24.9K subscribers Subscribe AI Spending: From All Costs to Efficiency 835 views Economic Collapse Threatens AI Spending Trends 1.5K views YOLO to the Top: Join the Capital Class in 2026! 1.1K views Big Tech vs. Nvidia: Monopoly Dwindling! 1.3K views The AI Trade Isn't Over | Why Selling Now Is a Mistake 1.9K views Being Exponential | Luke Lango @exponentialluke Follow on Being Exponential | Luke Lango @exponentialluke Dec 30 According to $RKT, investors are buying ~40% of the vacant lots affected by California wildfires.
That's horrible.
These guys come in, buy the lots, a... Read more Being Exponential | Luke Lango @exponentialluke Dec 30 $META acquiring Manus for $2B -- 4x the $500M valuation from April.
Why? Manus has $100M ARR. Actual revenue from AI agents.
For a company spending $6... Read more Being Exponential | Luke Lango @exponentialluke Dec 30 Softbank has fully funded its $40B investment in OpenAI.
And we're off to the races… Read more About InvestorPlace Products Contact Us Help Careers Disclosures & Disclaimers Privacy Policy Ad Choices Do Not Sell My Personal Information Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Terms of Use DMCA Policy All rights reserved. Nasdaq
						quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes.
						Copyright ©
						2025 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 1125 N. Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21201. Close login modal Subscriber Sign in Email Address or Username Password Sign in Forgot Password? Not Yet a Premium Subscriber? Subscribe Expand/Collapse DOE Close DOE Your Email