Invisalign® Clear Aligners & Teeth Straightening | Invisalign.com FAQ Patient Log In For Doctors Why Invisalign Invisalign Cost How Invisalign Works Results Vivera Retainers Shop Accessories Invisalign Smile Quiz Find a doctor Invisalign ® clear aligners invis is straightening teeth... Faster than braces 1 More comfortable than braces 2 And more predictably 3 Take the Invisalign Smile Quiz Invisalign aligners are faster , 1 and more comfortable than braces. 2 SmartTrack™ material reshapes your smile more predictably. 3 Invisalign aligners are designed using over 25 years of insights from 19 million smiles worldwide. 4 Invisalign aligners are the world’s most advanced clear aligners. How much does Invisalign treatment cost? Invisalign aligners may be more affordable than you think. Explore your options - ask your treating doctor about their payment plan options 5 Learn more How much does Invisalign treatment cost? Invisalign aligners may be more affordable than you think. Explore your options - ask your treating doctor about their payment plan options 5 Learn more How long does Invisalign treatment take? 6 Depending on the complexity of your case you could start to see changes in your new smile in as little as 6 months 7 How does Invisalign treatment work? 3 simple steps. 1 great smile. 01 Step one Meet with your doctor Your doctor will create a precise 3D scan of your teeth and give you a sneak peek of your new smile. 02 Step two Begin the transformation Your doctor will check that your customized aligners fit correctly, answer your questions, and tell you what to expect. 03 Step three Look after your new smile Now that you’ve transformed your smile, you can keep it straight by using our customized Vivera™ retainers. 1/3 01 Step one Meet with your doctor Your doctor will create a precise 3D scan of your teeth and give you a sneak peek of your new smile. 02 Step two Begin the transformation Your doctor will check that your customized aligners fit correctly, answer your questions, and tell you what to expect. 03 Step three Look after your new smile Now that you’ve transformed your smile, you can keep it straight by using our customized Vivera™ retainers. Learn more Why choose Invisalign treatment? Works for adults, kids, teens, and everyone in-between. Kids Invisalign treatment can adapt to meet your child’s ever-changing orthodontic needs, including baby teeth, from the age of 6 and up. Learn more Teens Unlike braces, you can easily remove Invisalign aligners for sports and eating. Invisalign aligners can achive the same results as braces. 8 Invisalign aligners are faster 1 and more comfortable. 2 Plus, you could start seeing changes in your new smile in as little as 6 months Learn more Adults Get the beautiful smile you’ve always dreamed of with Invisalign aligners—the discreet alternative to unsightly braces that can provide you with results in as little as 6 months. 7 Learn more 1/3 Kids Invisalign treatment can adapt to meet your child’s ever-changing orthodontic needs, including baby teeth, from the age of 6 and up. Learn more Teens Unlike braces, you can easily remove Invisalign aligners for sports and eating. Invisalign aligners can achive the same results as braces. 8 Invisalign aligners are faster 1 and more comfortable. 2 Plus, you could start seeing changes in your new smile in as little as 6 months Learn more Adults Get the beautiful smile you’ve always dreamed of with Invisalign aligners—the discreet alternative to unsightly braces that can provide you with results in as little as 6 months. 7 Learn more 0 1 0 2 0 3 Unique Invisalign technology Say hello to the world’s most advanced clear aligners. 01 SmartTrack material transforms your smile more comfortably than braces. 2 Learn more Unique Invisalign technology Say hello to the world’s most advanced clear aligners. 0 1 0 2 0 3 01 SmartTrack material transforms your smile more comfortably than braces. 2 Learn more Postcode Search now Find an Invisalign trained doctor Find an orthodontist that’s right up your alley and just down the street. Wherever you live, there’s probably an Invisalign-trained doctor near you. Let’s find yours so you can start your Invisalign journey today. Postcode Search now FAQs Every question deserves an answer. Find out what you need to know about transforming your smile with Invisalign aligners, from the unique advantages of our technology to simple care tips. Explore more FAQs Gu, J et al. Evaluation  of Invisalign treatment effectiveness and efficiency compared with conventional fixed appliances using the Peer Assessment Rating index.  Am J Orthod Dentofacial Orthop February 2017;151:259-66; and Buschang, P et al. Comparative time efficiency of aligner therapy and conventional edgewise braces. Angle Orthodontist, Vol 84, No 3, 2014 David W. White, Katie C. Julien, Helder Jacob, Phillip M. Campbell and Peter H. Buschang, Discomfort associated with Invisalign and traditional brackets: A randomized, prospective trial. The Angle Orthodontist Nov 2017, Vol. 87, No. 6 pp. 801-808. Study sponsored by Align Technology and based on adult Class I, nonextraction, mild to moderate crowding cases with SmartTrack material. Compared to aligners made from single-layer .030inch (Ex30) material Data on file at Align Technology, as of December 31, 2023. Data from OrthoFi for calendar year 2021, N = 112,243, US patients with dental insurance coverage who used OrthoFi insurance verification tool. Coverage amount averaged $1,772 USD, with 92% qualifying for up to $3,000 USD and 77% qualifying for up to $2,000 USD in coverage for orthodontic treatment. Data on file at Align Technology, as of January 19, 2023. Treatment times vary depending on the complexity of your case and must be determined by your doctor. Based on mild to moderate malocclusion (defined as crowding and spacing up to 6mm, and overjet and overbite up to 6mm and assuming one week wear), treatment times vary depending on Invisalign product type, wear time, case complexity and must be determined by your doctor. Data on file at Align Technology, as of September 9, 2020. Additional Info: Data based on total 1,236,123 primary orders accepted in Jan 2018- June 2020 globally. Product types included Invisalign Express, Go, Lite and Moderate products. In a blind review of 30 initial PAR matched consecutively finished cases (average initial PAR score = 17), including adults and teens, a committee of three orthodontic professors with >25 years of experience each rated the treatment results as equivalent in a blind rating of 1-10, 1 being "low", 10 being "high" (Invisalign clear aligners (qty:30) rating 5.3 mean rating, Braces (qty:30) 4.7 mean rating, p=0.131). Data on file at Align Technology as of July 12, 2017. Why Invisalign Why Invisalign Find a Doctor FAQ Invisalign Cost Invisalign Cost FAQ How Invisalign Works How Invisalign Works Invisalign Technology FAQ Results Invisalign SmileView Invisalign Smile Quiz Invisalign Concierge Service Invisalign vs. Braces Request Appointment Vivera Retainers Vivera Retainers FAQ Shop Accessories Become a Provider Invisalign General Practitioners logo-facebook logo-instagram © Invisalign.in 2025 About Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap India — English