InvoiceCloud | Integrated Digital Payments, Intuitive Experiences Skip to content Home BILLER LOGIN PAYER SUPPORT Why InvoiceCloud? Overview Implementation and Technical Support Payer Adoption Services Industries Utilities Insurance Local Government County Tax Platform Integrations Integrations Overview Partner Directory Become a Partner Resources About Us About Us Overview Leadership Team Digital Payments for Everyone Press Room Events Careers Blog Why InvoiceCloud? Overview Implementation and Technical Support Payer Adoption Services Industries Utilities Insurance Local Government County Tax Platform Integrations Integrations Overview Partner Directory Become a Partner Resources About Us About Us Overview Leadership Team Digital Payments for Everyone Press Room Events Careers Blog Contact Us Integrated Digital Payments, Intuitive Experiences InvoiceCloud’s digital bill payment platform builds trust with every
transaction — 133 million times a year and counting. Speak to an Expert Explore Platform Find Your Industry Utilities Empower customers with convenient, digital options for utility billing and payments. View Utilities Insurance Give policyholders a better payment experience for premiums and claims. View Insurance Local Government Offer easy, digital ways for your community to pay parking tickets, fees, and more. View Local Government County Tax Meet constituent expectations with a range of easy-to-use options for paying taxes. View County Tax AI-First Billing and Payments with a Human Touch Deliver faster, more responsive, personalized experiences to every customer you serve. We’re building from the ground up with real AI — not rules-based automation — to provide intelligent, adaptable, and proactive digital payment tools to your team and customers during every step of the payment lifecycle. Invest in Automation Today, for AI Tomorrow with Sapiens & InvoiceCloud On-demand Webinar Empowering Billers with Real-Time Data through InvoiceCloud’s AI Report Generator Read Blog InvoiceCloud Unveils New AI Initiatives to Drive the Next Generation of Digital Payments Press Release InvoiceCloud Launches AI Report Generator to Simplify Biller Reporting, Unlocking Real-Time Insights and Driving Operational Time Savings Press Release Digital Payments — Easy to Use, Easy to Trust Online & Mobile Payments Offer accessible, omni-channel payment options that prioritize customer convenience. Features include one-click checkout, scheduled payments, and secure paperless billing. Personalized Payment Reminders Reduce late or missed payments with fully customizable reminders across email, text, and voice notifications, ensuring customers stay informed and on track. Integrations without Interruptions Benefit from robust CIS integrations with 160+ existing systems, implemented by dedicated specialists to ensure a smooth transition without service downtime. AI-Driven Reporting Harness AI-powered reporting to simplify data collection, uncover trends, and generate actionable insights that improve the customer experience and payment predictability. Secure Cloud Infrastructure Enjoy automated upgrades, enterprise-grade security, and instant access to new features through our scalable SaaS platform, reducing IT load and boosting efficiency. Why We’re the Preferred Payments Partner industry-leading payer Adoption 0 % Avg Increase in Digital Payments in Year 1 Manual process reduction 0 x IT & Finance Time Savings Implementation & technical Support 0 % Customer Satisfaction Rating Robust System Integrations 0 + Proven CIS Integrations “ InvoiceCloud gave us the modern experience our customers wanted. The people, the processes, and the product is what makes InvoiceCloud different — a true partner in driving business results.” Bernadette Autrey American Farmers & Ranchers Mutual Insurance Chief Financial Officer Real Billers,  Real Results Saved 32 Hrs/Month in Staff Payment Workload Saved $160k Annually in Print and Mail Costs Saw 50% Decrease in Walk-In Payments Saw 97% Retention Rate and $95k in Savings Increased AutoPay Adoption by 7x Calculate Your Estimated Savings with InvoiceCloud Digital Savings Calculator Paperless Savings Calculator Billing and Payment Insights The Rise of Mobile: Why 45% of Americans Now Prefer a Mobile-First Billing Experience The way Americans pay bills is undergoing a transformation — and mobile-first billing experiences are at the center… Read Blog Post Sapiens Podcast: The State of Online Claims Payments in 2025 In the most critical time of loss, policyholders want to be made whole again, as quickly and efficiently… Listen to Podcast Case Study – AB_New Design_1 Transforming Digital Payment Experiences: A Comprehensive Guide Discover the strategies and best practices that leading organizations use to… Read Case Study Ready to Streamline Digital Payments? Let’s talk about taking your billing and payments to the next level. talk to an expert now InvoiceCloud, Inc. 10 Fan Pier Blvd., Suite 4 Boston, MA 02210 781-848-3733 Facebook LinkedIn YouTube X Why InvoiceCloud Implementation and Technical Support Adoption Growth Platform Integrations Why InvoiceCloud Implementation and Technical Support Adoption Growth Platform Integrations About Us Leadership Digital Payments for Everyone Press Room Events About Us Leadership Digital Payments for Everyone Press Room Events Utilities Insurance County Tax Local Government Utilities Insurance County Tax Local Government Resources Careers Contact Us Biller Login Resources Careers Contact Us Biller Login Copyright © 2025 Invoice Cloud, Inc. All rights reserved. InvoiceCloud® is a registered trademark of Invoice Cloud, Inc. Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Statement Payer and Non-Payer User Terms and Conditions Trust Center Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Statement Payer and Non-Payer User Terms and Conditions Trust Center Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Statement Payer and Non-Payer User Terms and Conditions Trust Center Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Statement Payer and Non-Payer User Terms and Conditions Trust Center Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information