InYourArea - Local News and Information - Home App Advertise The UK’s leading local news, information and community platform To see news near you, enter your postcode How We Use Your Data As Featured On Local News InYourArea aggregates all the latest news for your local area from news sites, blogs and social networks. We are the only service that gives you a 360 view of up to the minute updates on your area. Community It’s now easier than ever to connect and chat with others in your local area. You can connect with your community by asking general questions, posting on a noticeboard and even let your community know about local events that are taking place. Traffic & Travel InYourArea provides you with the latest up to date traffic and travel news for both local roads and train stations. Property Keep up to date with property prices in your area and the latest properties to buy and rent. Things to do InYourArea scour the web for things happening near you. Whether it be a day out with the family or gigs nearby, we personalise ‘Whats On’ updates just for you. Local Crime Statistics Get the latest news and updates on crime in your area, from realtime alerts from your local police to monthly summaries of how crime has changed in your area and the actions police are taking to combat it. Food Hygiene Ratings Get the latest information on restaurants in your area, from food hygiene ratings to special offers and new openings. And so much more! There is so much more we can list... It would be a lot easier to see what’s on offer by simply entering your postcode! Download our app Now available on iPhone and Android Promote Your Business Connect with our local, loyal & engaged audience - your potential customers! Find out more InYourArea Get the app Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Meet the team InYourArea for publishers How to Complain Contact Us Privacy Settings Most Popular Areas Aberdeen Bath Birmingham Bradford Brighton Bristol Cambridge Cardiff Chichester Coventry Derby Edinburgh Glasgow Gloucester Leeds Leicester Liverpool London Manchester Newcastle Norwich Nottingham Oxford Plymouth Portsmouth Salford Salisbury Sheffield Southampton Stoke-on-Trent Sunderland Swansea Wakefield Wolverhampton York View all areas Countries Covered England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Community Standards Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement AI Notice Cookie Policy Property powered by Zoopla Business data © Central Index and third parties. Icons © 2025 Copyright Independent Press Standards Organisation