IOL Top Stories What you need to know right now Xolile Mtembu | Published 2 hours ago Toddler shoved into washing machine as armed impostors posing as SAPS break into house Save water, dam it! Capetonians told to scale back non-essential use With Cape Town’s dams nearly a fifth emptier than last year and the city still using over a billion litres of water a day, officials are urging residents to cut back on unnecessary water use. News Brandon Nel | Updated 1 hour ago Israel suspending Gaza NGOs will block 'life-saving aid', Europe warns The EU has issued a stark warning that Israel's impending suspension of several NGOs in Gaza could obstruct crucial life-saving aid to the population, as humanitarian concerns mount. News World Published 2 hours ago Festive season crackdown: Over 1000 undocumented foreigners intercepted in Limpopo border Discover how the SANDF intercepted over 1 000 undocumented foreign nationals attempting to illegally enter South Africa just after Christmas, amidst rising concerns about border security. News Crime and Courts Sinenhlanhla Masilela | Updated 4 hours ago Trending on IOL Loading trending topics... Where to watch spectacular New Year's Eve fireworks in South Africa Get ready to ring in the New Year with spectacular fireworks displays across South Africa! Discover the best locations to enjoy the celebrations. News South Africa Oluthando Keteyi | Published 4 hours ago KZN tavern robbery chase turns deadly: Three suspects fatally shot by police Three suspects were fatally shot by police during a dramatic chase following a tavern robbery in KZN, where they allegedly held a business owner at gunpoint and stole valuables. News Crime and Courts Jason Woosey | Published 3 hours ago Basic Education spends R7.1 billion on ICT in three years Basic Education Minister Siviwe Gwarube has revealed that provincial Education departments spent R7.1 billion on information and communication technology over the past three years. News Politics Mayibongwe Maqhina | Published 5 hours ago Aspiring restaurateur's dreams die with him in Free State N3 crash that killed newlyweds 20-year-old Ethan Lourens had big dreams. But, days after Christmas, those dreams died with him when he was killed in a fiery head-on car crash alongside his cousin, Claryke, and her newlywed husband, Zane Hilton. News Brandon Nel and Xolile Mtembu | Updated 4 hours ago Watch Video Fassi, Nche return to fire up Sharks for home URC showdown against Lions Springbok stalwarts Ox Nche and Aphelele Fassi strengthen the Sharks’ line-up as JP Pietersen’s side targets a third win in a row. Sport Rugby URC Rowan Callaghan | Published 10 minutes ago How staff integrity failures contribute to prison escapes in South Africa Factors leading to prison escapes in South Africa highlight the importance of staff integrity and the impact of overcrowding on security measures. News South Africa Gcwalisile Khanyile | Published 20 minutes ago AFCON 2025 The latest from the Africa Cup of Nations, Morocco Watch Video Bafana Bafana will find out their Round of 16 opponent just before New Year’s celebrations kick off Bafana Bafana will discover their Africa Cup of Nations Round of 16 opponent just before New Year’s celebrations, having advanced from Group B, and could face Ivory Coast, Cameroon… Sport Soccer Michael Sherman | Published 3 hours ago Watch Video AFCON 2025: Five major talking points from the group stages thus far From revolutionary ticketing strategies in Morocco to a high-profile " snub" from the Zidane family, the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations has been anything but predictable. Sport Soccer Africa Herman Gibbs | Published 7 hours ago Watch Video Hugo Broos demands more from Bafana Bafana stars as AFCON heads into business end Despite a 3-2 victory over Zimbabwe, Bafana Bafana coach Broos has warned his squad that their " progression" over the last two years counts for nothing if they continue to experie… Sport Soccer Bafana Obakeng Meletse | Published 8 hours ago Watch Video Bafana Bafana player ratings: Oswin Appollis steps up as defensive duo struggles While Oswin Appollis and Lyle Foster fired Bafana Bafana into the AFCON Round of 16 with clinical attacking displays, the 3-2 victory over Zimbabwe exposed significant cracks in So… Sport Soccer Bafana Herman Gibbs | Published 1 day ago Hugo Broos’ bold call pays off as Bathusi Aubaas emerges as Bafana’s midfield anchor By hauling off a struggling Yaya Sithole for the energetic Bathusi Aubaas, Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos stabilised a midfield that was leaking possession. Sport Soccer Bafana Herman Gibbs | Published 1 day ago Partnered Content Mastercard Boosts Africa Acceptance Network by 45% in 2025, Accelerating the Continent’s Digital Economy Major leap in digital payments access as Mastercard expands presence, products and financial inclusion initiatives News Partnered Partnered Content | Updated 1 week ago Partnered Watch Video Chicken Licken unveils original anthem celebrating South Africa's gift to the world Chicken Licken launches a heartfelt anthem celebrating SA's culture and generosity. Lifestyle Partnered Partnered Content | Published 1 week ago Growing Beards and Impact: dotsure. co. za Helps the GRSPCA Thrive The dotsure. co. za Beard Club is making a tangible difference in the lives of abandoned animals at the GRSPCA, tackling the pressing challenges of rising costs and limited funding… The Star Partnered Partnered Content | Updated 1 week ago Give your first year the best possible start with Juta by your side Embarking on your first year at university is thrilling yet daunting. Discover how Juta's trusted academic resources can empower you to navigate this new chapter with confidence an… News Education Partnered Content | Published 1 week ago The psychology of withdrawals: How instant access to your funds builds trust in your broker Explore how instant access to funds can alleviate withdrawal anxiety and strengthen trust between traders and their brokers. Personal Finance Partnered Partnered Content | Published 1 week ago Business Is South Africa's economy on the mend as 2026 approaches? Could South Africa's economy be on the brink of a significant recovery as 2025 draws to a close, with improving unemployment rates and stabilising inflation? Business Economy Nicola Mawson | Published 1 hour ago South Africa’s business failure data hints at a shift South Africa experienced a slight decline in business liquidations in November 2025, with implications for the economy as voluntary liquidations dominate the statistics. Business Nicola Mawson | Published 3 hours ago Court blocks last-ditch attempt to overturn R500k default judgments The Supreme Court of Appeal has brough to an end a lengthy legal battle over default judgments exceeding R500,000 in favour of Sasfin Bank. Business Nicola Mawson | Published 3 hours ago South Africa's economy 2026 outlook: GDP and job growth forecast Economists express cautious optimism for South Africa's economic growth in 2026, highlighting the need for policy reforms and increased investor confidence to tackle socioeconomic … Mercury Thami Magubane | Published 4 hours ago Why South Africa’s taxi industry pays almost no tax One of South Africa’s most lucrative industries, the taxi sector, worth an estimated R100 billion a year, is reportedly operating almost tax-free. Business Mthobisi Nozulela | Published 5 hours ago Hybrid Working Hybrid work supports business sustainability Hybrid has the power to advance your business's sustainability agenda. News Environment IOL Reporter | Updated 4 weeks ago Working from home in sectional title units: Know the rules to avoid eviction The legal implications of working from home in sectional title units and how to navigate body corporate rules to avoid eviction. News South Africa Zelda Venter | Published 1 month ago Study reveals hybrid work model significantly lowers burnout symptoms A recent study by the International Workplace Group reveals that a hybrid work model significantly reduces burnout symptoms among employees, with 75% of participants reporting impr… Mercury Mercury Reporter | Published 2 months ago How to design an aesthetic home office that boosts productivity Is your cluttered workspace killing your productivity? Discover how to create an inspiring home office that enhances your work ethic and motivates you to achieve more. Lifestyle Gerry Cupido | Published 2 months ago Understanding workplace bullying: the hidden power dynamics beyond gender Workplace bullying is a complex issue compounded by gender dynamics and organisational culture. As discourse evolves, so should our understanding of power, accountability, and resp… Lifestyle Love Sex Relationships Vuyile Madwantsi | Published 3 months ago Latest Sport Watch Video Fassi, Nche return to fire up Sharks for home URC showdown against Lions Springbok stalwarts Ox Nche and Aphelele Fassi strengthen the Sharks’ line-up as JP Pietersen’s side targets a third win in a row. Sport Rugby URC Rowan Callaghan | Published 10 minutes ago Watch Video Bafana Bafana will find out their Round of 16 opponent just before New Year’s celebrations kick off Bafana Bafana will discover their Africa Cup of Nations Round of 16 opponent just before New Year’s celebrations, having advanced from Group B, and could face Ivory Coast, Cameroon… Sport Soccer Michael Sherman | Published 3 hours ago Watch Video Bafana Bafana banking on Lyle Foster’s verve to cross Sunday’s AFCON last-16 round hurdle As AFCON unfolds, South Africa’s Bafana Bafana rely on Lyle Foster’s impressive performances, and coach Hugo Broos has highlighted the striker’s pivotal role as the team aims for s… Sport Soccer Bafana Herman Gibbs | Published 4 hours ago Watch Video Joburg Super Kings not taking Durban’s Super Giants lightly despite handing them a beating on Tuesday The Joburg Super Kings are set to host the Durban’s Super Giants at the Bullring on Thursday for their first home fixture of the new season. Sport Cricket Domestic Ongama Gcwabe | Published 5 hours ago Watch Video Ryan Rickelton stands tall in SA20 opening week as he fights for T20 World Cup spot After being sidelined for the Proteas' recent tour of India, Ryan Rickelton has reignited his T20 World Cup ambitions with a staggering 113 off 65 balls in the SA20 season opener. Sport Cricket Domestic Ongama Gcwabe | Published 5 hours ago Latest on IOL Wednesday, December 31, 2025 News Crime and Courts South Africa Africa World BRICS Education Energy Environment Feel Good Government at Work Opinion Politics Opinion Opinion News Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Tech Sport Business Jobs Economy Property Hybrid Working Entertainment Celebrity News Streaming Movies Music Books Whats On Joburg Durban Cape Town Pretoria Opinion Lifestyle Health Beauty Fashion Food Relationships Parenting Competitions Opinion Travel Local International Tech Software and Internet Esports Opinion Sport Soccer PSL Rugby Cricket MMA Betting Opinion Horse Racing Motoring Reviews Launches Industry News Motorsport Videos