My IP | IP Address Tools | IP Geolocation | Website Traffic Checker IPAddress.com What Is My IP Address? My public IP Address IPv4: An  IPv4 address uniquely identifies a device on the internet for global communication 221.138.189.189 IPv6: An IPv6 address is a longer, unique ID for devices, enabling internet access and communication Please enable Javascript My IP Information ISP: SK Broadband City: Dobong-gu Region: Seoul Country: South Korea Hide IP Address Show Full IP Address Information Lookup any IP Address or Website Lookup Trace an Email Address Lookup Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) What is IPV4? IPv4 stands for Internet Protocol version 4. It simply allows devices to connect to the internet by using a unique address. This address is usually shown as four numbers that are separated by dots (Example - 203.0.113.181). It has been around for a while but there is a new system called IPV6 that is gradually being used to replace it. What is IPV6? IPv6 stands for Internet Protocol version 6. It is the latest internet addressing system that is designed to replace IPv4. It uses longer addresses, eight groups of four hexadecimal numbers separated by colons (Example - 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334). IPv6 provides many more unique addresses and improves internet connectivity. So it supports the growing number of latest devices online. Is IPv6 faster than IPv4? IPv6 is not really faster than IPv4. The truth is internet speed actually depends on other factors like bandwidth and network infrastructure. It is worthy of note that IPv6 can provide some performance improvements in some situations but the difference is usually not significant in terms of speed. What are the differences between IPv4 and IPv6​? Here are some major differences: IPv4 uses just 32-bit addresses (example - 203.0.113.181), while IPv6 uses much larger 128-bit addresses (example - 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334). IPv6 allows for more devices to be connected to the internet because it has a much larger address space than IPv4. IPv6 includes some built-in security features that are not available in IPv4. An example is the mandatory implementation of Internet Protocol Security (IPsec) IPv6 provides better support for mobile devices and networks when compared to IPv4. How do I know my IP Address? Your IP Address is clearly shown on the top of this website. Simply scroll up to see it. It is also clearly indicated whether you have an IPv4 or IPv6 address or even both. Why Is My IP Address Location Wrong? There are a number of reasons why your IP address location might be wrong: Your ISP (Internet Service Provider) may have allocated IP addresses from a different region or city. You may be using a VPN or a proxy network. Geolocation databases, which are used to map IP addresses to locations, may actually contain some errors or outdated information. Your ISP may be sharing IP addresses among multiple users. This can make it difficult to determine exact location. Dynamic IP addresses change often, so if you are using them, it may lead to incorrect location information. How Accurate Is IP Address Location? IP Address Location is not 100 percent accurate when it comes to determining the exact location of a user. Factors like ISP’s IP address and use of VPN and proxies may mask the user’s actual location. Does My IP Address Change With Location? Actually it depends on how you connect to the internet. Usually your IP address changes when you connect to a different internet network, such as a new Wi-Fi hotspot or cellular tower. So if you travel or move to a new location, your IP address should typically change to one that is specific to that location. But if you are using a VPN or proxy, you can mask your IP address and even choose the IP Address and location you want reflected. What is a VPN? A Virtual Private Network (VPN) is a secure and encrypted connection between your device and the internet. It helps mask or hide your IP address so you can browse safely. What are the advantages of a VPN? Advantages include: Anonymity – VPN masks your real IP address and keeps you anonymous. Privacy & Security – Keeps your browsing encrypted and protected. Removal Of Geological Restrictions – allows you to access sites that are blocked to some specific countries based on IP addresses. What is an ISP? An ISP, also known as Internet Service Provider, is a company that basically helps you connect to the internet. They usually offer a subscription based service. Popular examples are AT&T and Verizon. Trending Websites kappaorg.com usacomfyclothes.com one.vegamovieshub.today scottsrto.com loandepot.com nursing-study.com needream.com giftogram.com lifemd.com ponpics.com superiorcues.com inboxdollars.com turnthemood.com connect.xfinity.com fmovies.hn trubuyers.com cypresshomecare.axiscare.com geckocustom.com peratongovt.okta.com miss-rosier.com card-token.com fan.gov sikkim8.in xerox.it Discover more trending domains... Website Lists Discover website lists with quick access to domains and their subdomains. Each link shows you how a website is structured, making browsing and research simple. Whether you’re curious about a brand or checking details, you can explore subdomains in just a few clicks — all organized in one place. accountonline.com autopolicyupdate.com axiscare.com benefitsnow.com bswift.com custhelp.com dealerconnection.com kroger.com myflorida.com mysecurebill.com okta.com patientwallet.com paymyhealthbill.com rentmanager.com salesforce.com screenconnect.com sharepoint.com texas.gov ultipro.com Discover more website collections... IP Address Lookup Trace an IP address and get lots of information on a website, domain or subdomains. Whois Lookup Get the necessary domain registration details from a registrar without any hassle. IP Address To Country Get accurate results on the country of origin or location of an IP address. Bandwidth Speed Test Know your internet speed. Conduct a bandwidth speed test now to test your internet speed. Trace Email Address Trace an email address by performing a simple header trace or an advanced email address owner search. Verify Email Address Not sure about the email address? Quickly verify if the email address actually exists. Reverse IP Address Lookup Conduct a reverse ip address lookup and get details like status, contacts, and location. Updated Proxy List Get free access to our regularly updated proxy list of the most recently used proxies online. Online Ping Test Tool Ping an IP address, domain or hostname and get accurate results without compromising speed. IP Address Blacklist Check Does an IP Address look suspicious? Confirm if the IP address has been blacklisted or not. Articles & News Get regular updates on happenings online. Get the latest tips, news and important information! IP Address & Subnet Calculator This free subnet calculations tool provides accurate results without the usual stress. From the creators of ipaddress.com: Our new site VehicleSizes.com offers detailed car dimensions for thousands of models. Latest Articles Can I Trust This Website? How To Check If A Site Is Trustworthy & Safe Can I Trust This Website - Useful tips on how to know If a website is safe for browsing or not. What you need to look out for and what to avoid. What Is An IPv6 Address? Basics, Benefits & Limitations of IPv6 Addresses IPv6 addresses help identify and connect modern devices on networks easily. They are better than IPv4 addresses since they have larger address space and have better security features. Though they have their own challenges and limitations, they have come to stay. What Is An IPv4 Address? What You Need To Know About IPv4 IP Addresses IPv4 addresses help devices connect and communicate easily on networks. However, they have some limitations. Due to these limitations, IPv6 addresses were introduced to make networking of devices easier and more secure. What Is A Reserved IP Address? A Closer Look At Reserved IP Addresses Reserved IP addresses are IP addresses that are used to connect with devices on a local network. These IP addresses are used for specific purposes and are not routed on the internet. They are useful in keeping communication private and secure. What Is A Pubic IP Address? A Closer Look At Public IP Addresses Public IP addresses are essential in networking and communicating online. They are different from private IP addresses because they are routable so they can be accessed from anywhere on the internet. There are IPv4 and IPv6 public IP addresses. Discover All Articles... The Original IP Address Toolset Welcome to IPAddress.com, we are here to help you with all your IP Address needs. There are many IP Address Lookup tools online but we stand out from the pack with exceptional speed, accurate results, ease of use and wonderful customer support. " What's My IP Address? " is a common question but there are few reliable answers. But at IPAddress.com, our IP locator or IP Tracer helps you get accurate results without compromising speed. Need to conduct a reverse IP Address lookup but concerned about speed and accuracy? We are here for you! Need accurate Email tracing or lookup to know the source of an email? Look no further! Need to conduct a WHOIS lookup but not sure how to do it? Let us help! Whatever your IP address related needs are - WHOIS lookup, email lookup, IP Tracing and more, we can help you! IPAddress.com has been set up to help individuals, research specialists, network administrators, IT professionals, small businesses, large corporations, educational organizations and many more meet their IP needs. Browse around, take advantage of our tools and we hope you enjoy it as much as we do! More on IPAddress.com dexcrener.com Dexcrener.com is a platform that focuses on providing users with insights and... disvau.co disvau.co - Where there's a solution to any issue playlist-promotion.com The #1 Spotify Playlist Promotion » Get Heard Today! learn.com Learn.com gap.com Gap, Inc. owlandgoosegifts.com Owl & Goose Gifts - Online Toy Store and Your Home for Squishmallows! - Owl... p9m.net enzocollection.com.tn ENZO COLLECTION | La boutique officielle de la marque Enzo Collection en... spartanridesaz.com WIN33 ~ Permainan Optimasi Game Slot Online Gampang Menang Hari Ini bramblethor.info 10.0.3.113 243.225.178.14 My IP Address What Is My IP Hide My IP Address Websites Websites Overview Top Websites Website Collections Trending Websites Top-Level Domains Lookup Tools IP Address Lookup Bulk IP Lookup DNS Lookup Reverse IP Lookup Whois Lookup IP Address Country Lookup IP Address Database IP Address Tools IP Address Blacklist Check Ping Test Tool Subnet Calculator Email Tools Trace Email Address Verify Email Address Networking Tools Internet Speed Test Proxy Checker Tool Updated Proxy List For Developers Free My IP API IP Address To Country API IP Address Location API IP Address Location Database Learning Center Blog Articles Additional Help About Us Advertising Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Notice IPAddress.com Network UG , Am Ziegelwoog 11a, DE 67292 Kirchheimbolanden +4963527501515 i \bvgS nfo Z`dA+n>F @ Ee;^~ ipaddr 5^Be>i\ ess.com IP Tools My IP IP Lookup Bulk IP Lookup IP To Country Email Tools Verify Email Address Trace Email Email Checker Networking Tools DNS Lookup Speedtest Subnet Calculator Ping Test Company About Us Legal Notice Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Resources Advertising Sitemap Follow Us Twitter Facebook IPAddress.com © 2010-2025 IPAddress.com Network UG (haftungsbeschränkt). All rights reserved.