IPB University About IPB IPB University Rebranding History of  IPB IPB University Logo IPB At a Glance IPB Board of Leaders Organizational Structure Rector Insight IPB Integrated Information System (SITI) Faculty, Department and Study Program PPID Admission Study Program Vocational (D4) Undergraduate Study Program (S1) Graduate Study Program (S2 dan S3) Future Students Study Program Academic Life Campus Life Facilities Scholarship Student Admission Student Exchange FAQ Study Program Leaflet Current Student Academic Calendar Course Schedule Organization Integrated Service Center (ISC) Academic Timeline Academic Guidance Counsellors Tuition Fee Job Opportunities Student Admission Undergraduate Study Program General Competence Education Program Parents Tuition Fee Job Opportunities IPB Mobile For Parents Kesehatan dan Keamanan Undergraduate Study Program Researcher Expertise Research News Research Center Ethical Clearance Scientific Publication Affiliated Laboratories Alumni Alumni Card Alumni Event Merchandise IPB Alumni Association IPB Alumni Relations Graduate Employability Ranking (GER) Partners STP IPB Recruiters IPB Training IPB Digitani Job Information National Partner Innovation Gallery International Partner Commercial Product Study Program Industry Capabilities Home in Agriculture, Ocean and Biosciences for a Sustainable World News Article IPB Media News OUR RECENT NEWS News on IPB Hot News Dr Alim Setiawan, IPB University’s Rector: Solidarity is Our Social Capital for Progress Activities News Photos Caring for Sumatra and Aceh Disaster Victims, IPB Distributes First Phase of Donations IPB University, through its Waqf and Social Fund Unit (UWDS), distributed the first phase of donations for the IPB Cares for Sumatra and Aceh Flood and Landslide Disaster Victims program on Tuesday (12/9). A donation of Rp50 million was distributed ... Activities News Photos Providing Decent Living Spaces for Students, IPB University and University Resort Establish Collaboration As part of its efforts to provide support and a comfortable learning environment for high-achieving students, IPB University continues its collaboration with University Resort. During the University Resort Scholarship Ceremony 2025 (Batch 3) on Monday (December 8), both parties signed ... Activities News Photos Evaluation and New Plans for IPB-KOICA in 2026 IPB University and KOICA Indonesia held the KOICA–ICAB Annual Meeting 2025 at the Andi Hakim Nasution Auditorium. This meeting served as a forum for evaluating project achievements, ranging from laboratory development and capacity building to collaboration plans for 2026. The ... Activities News Photos Fapet IPB University and FPP Unisla Establish Cooperation IPB University and Universitas Islam Lamongan (Unisla) have officially established a partnership. This collaboration between the Faculty of Animal Science at IPB and the Faculty of Fisheries and Animal Science at Unisla aims to strengthen the three pillars of higher ... Education December 23, 2025 Sustainable Fund, Alumni Cooperation to Maintain Access to Education Amidst the series of events for the 2025 IPB Alumni Homecoming Festival (PRA IPK), IPB University introduced Sustainable Fund as a collective … Read more Research & Expertise December 29, 2025 IPB University Agrometeorology Expert: 2025 Sumatra Floods Provide Important Lessons on the Use of Climate Science The floods and landslides that hit a number of areas in Sumatra in November 2025 provided important lessons on the urgency of … Read more Community Service December 29, 2025 Dominated by Young People, 195 Graduates of IPB University’s Village Government School Strengthen Village Leadership Regeneration A total of 195 participants of the 2025 Village Government School (SPD) were officially graduated by IPB University.  Interestingly, the 5th cohort … Read more View All Article OUR RECENT ARTICLES Articles on IPB December 29, 2025 Let’s Maintain Brain Health by Consuming Dairy Products Modern lifestyles combined with unbalanced diets are believed to be closely related to the increasing anxiety experienced by many people in various … Read more December 2, 2025 Becoming a Respected Professor Professors are often regarded as leaders in science, moral role models, and determinants of the direction and quality of education in producing … Read more November 24, 2025 Koro Pedang Beans: Local Functional Food Ready to Become the New Favorite Indonesians’ interest in healthy food products continues to grow, especially in the last two decades. Changes in lifestyle, increased exposure to health … Read more View All IPB Media OUR RECENT MEDIA Media on IPB IPB Today Wisudaku IPB Magazine View All IPB Innovation Come on, take a peek at the cool innovations from IPB that are ready to change Indonesia’s future! Events Events 20 Dec 20 Dec - 21 Dec MUSYAWARAH NASIONAL HA IPB VII & PUNCAK KONSOLIDASI ALUMNI 2025-12-20                                 @ 08:00 AM - 2025-12-21 @ 05:00 PM Grha Widya Wisuda 20 Dec 20 Dec - 20 Dec Jalan Pagi Sehat – PESTA RAKYAT ALUMNI IPB PULANG KAMPUS (PRA IPK) 2025 2025-12-20                                 @ 06:00 AM - 2025-12-20 @ 07:00 AM Start di depan panggung utama 19 Dec 19 Dec - 19 Dec Forum Young Leader – PESTA RAKYAT ALUMNI IPB PULANG KAMPUS (PRA IPK) 2025 2025-12-19                                 @ 07:00 PM - 2025-12-19 @ 09:00 PM Graha Widya Wisuda 1 2 3 4 ... 60 61 62 → Announcement Pengumuman Seleksi Kemampuan Bidang Calon Dosen Tetap Non-PNS 2025 December 30, 2025 Open Recruitment Staff Admin Akademik Fakultas Kedokteran IPB University October 7, 2025 Employee Recruitment Announcement July 24, 2025 IPB University Reached 399th in the World in QS World University Ranking 2026 June 20, 2025 IPB Video IPB TV facilitates communication/dissemination of research results and community empowerment from all units within IPB University, for the community and other stakeholders. IPB Profile “IPB Digdaya, Indonesia Jaya” IPB Podcast IPB Podcast: Risks in Mass Food Production and How to Overcome Them IPB Pedia IPB Pedia: The Role of Vaccination and Hygiene in Preventing Zoonotic Diseases in Pets IPB Achievements Our Contact Jl. Raya Dramaga Kampus IPB Dramaga Bogor 16680 West Java, Indonesia +62 251 8622642 ask@apps.ipb.ac.id Campus Location IPB Dramaga IPB Baranangsiang IPB Taman Kencana IPB Gunung Gede IPB Cilibende IPB Sukabumi Search for: Search About IPB IPB University Rebranding History of  IPB IPB University Logo IPB At a Glance IPB Board of Leaders Organizational Structure Rector Insight IPB Integrated Information System (SITI) Faculty, Department and Study Program PPID Admission Study Program Vocational (D4) Undergraduate Study Program (S1) Graduate Study Program (S2 dan S3) Future Students Study Program Academic Life Campus Life Facilities Scholarship Student Admission Student Exchange FAQ Study Program Leaflet Current Student Academic Calendar Course Schedule Organization Integrated Service Center (ISC) Academic Timeline Academic Guidance Counsellors Tuition Fee Job Opportunities Student Admission Undergraduate Study Program General Competence Education Program Parents Tuition Fee Job Opportunities IPB Mobile For Parents Kesehatan dan Keamanan Undergraduate Study Program Researcher Expertise Research News Research Center Ethical Clearance Scientific Publication Affiliated Laboratories Alumni Alumni Card Alumni Event Merchandise IPB Alumni Association IPB Alumni Relations Graduate Employability Ranking (GER) Partners STP IPB Recruiters IPB Training IPB Digitani Job Information National Partner Innovation Gallery International Partner Commercial Product Study Program Industry Capabilities Accessibility Accessibility modes Epilepsy Safe Mode Epilepsy Safe Mode Dampens color and removes blinks This mode enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. Visually Impaired Mode Visually Impaired Mode Improves website's visuals This mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. Cognitive Disability Mode Cognitive Disability Mode Helps to focus on specific content This mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as Dyslexia, Autism, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. ADHD Friendly Mode ADHD Friendly Mode Reduces distractions and improve focus This mode helps users with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions. Blindness Mode Blindness Mode Allows using the site with your screen-reader This mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it. Online Dictionary Start typing to search in Wikipedia Readable Experience Content Scaling Default Text Magnifier Readable Font Dyslexia Friendly Highlight Titles Highlight Links Font Sizing Default Line Height Default Letter Spacing Default Left Aligned Center Aligned Right Aligned Visually Pleasing Experience Dark Contrast Light Contrast Monochrome High Contrast High Saturation Low Saturation Adjust Text Colors Adjust Title Colors Adjust Background Colors Easy Orientation Mute Sounds Hide Images Hide Emoji Reading Guide Stop Animations Reading Mask Highlight Hover Highlight Focus Big Dark Cursor Big Light Cursor Cognitive Reading Virtual Keyboard Navigation Keys Voice Navigation Link navigator Select an option Reset Settings Hide Forever IPB University Accessibility Statement Accessibility Statement www.ipb.ac.id December 31, 2025 Compliance status We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone, and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience,
regardless of circumstance and ability. To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level.
These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible
to all people: blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more. This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific
disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs. Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. This application remediates the website’s HTML,
adapts Its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by the blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments. If you’ve found a malfunction or have ideas for improvement, we’ll be happy to hear from you. You can reach out to the website’s operators by using the following email Screen-reader and keyboard navigation Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various different behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with
screen-readers are able to read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive
a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements,
alongside console screenshots of code examples: Screen-reader optimization: we run a background process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website.
	In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes. For example, we provide accurate form labels;
	descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups),
	and others. Additionally, the background process scans all the website’s images and provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag
	for images that are not described. It will also extract texts that are embedded within the image, using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology.
	To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination. Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on
	as soon as they enter the website. These adjustments are compatible with all popular screen readers, including JAWS and NVDA. Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML, and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key.Additionally, keyboard users will find quick-navigation and content-skip menus, available at any time by clicking Alt+1, or as the first elements of the site while navigating with the keyboard. The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, and not allow the focus drift outside it. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Disability profiles supported in our website Epilepsy Safe Mode: this profile enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations. Visually Impaired Mode: this mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others. Cognitive Disability Mode: this mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as Dyslexia, Autism, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily. ADHD Friendly Mode: this mode helps users with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions. Blindness Mode: this mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack. A screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a  computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it. Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys. Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements. Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments Font adjustments – users, can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more. Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds, with over seven different coloring options. Animations – person with epilepsy can stop all running animations with the click of a button. Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions. Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize important elements such as links and titles. They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only. Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. This option lets users mute the entire website instantly. Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine that is linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others. Additional functions – we provide users the option to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions. Browser and assistive technology compatibility We aim to support the widest array of browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS and NVDA (screen readers). Notes, comments, and feedback Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs. There may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating and improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility, following technological advancements. For any assistance, please reach out to For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.