IP Geolocation API | ipbase.com Open main menu Products IP API Create custom user experiences based on their location ASN API Take your data enrichment to the next level Reverse IP API Lead Generation & Nurturing IP Ranges API Coming soon Identify & target specific IP ranges Enterprise Service New Empower your entire team with even more advanced tools. Simply contact us and we are happy to discuss your companie's use-case. Pricing Status Docs Login Start For Free IP Geolocation API ASN API Pricing Contact Status Documentation Log in Start for free IP Geolocation API ipbase.com fuels companies with IP address data to enhance intelligent, programmatic and data driven decisions. Sign up for free See All Plans Check IP ip : " 8.8.4.4 ", country_code : " US ", country_name : " United States ", city : " Mountain View ", latitude : " 48.1936 ", longitude : " 16.3726 ", connection : asn : " 15169 ", organization : " Google LLC ", isp : " Google LLC ", range : " 8.8.4.0/24 ", security : is_bot : " null ", is_known_attacker : " null ", is_proxy : " null ", is_tor : " null ", proxy_type : " null ", threat_score : " null ", timezone : id : " America/New_York ", current_time : " 2023-02-21T11:57:12-05:00 ", code : " EST ", is_daylight_saving : " false ", gmt_offset : " -18000 ", An error has occured. Register for a free apikey to keep making requests! Join the leading tech companies from around the globe IP data for every use-case From SMB to enterprise: Our IP Geolocation API serves any use-case and company size. For details, read our documentation. IP API IP address geolocation lookup is the identification of an IP address' geographic location in the real world. IP API ASN API Retrieve ASN information for any IP address: ranges, related domains and much more. ASN API Hosted Domains API Returns a full list of domains that are hosted on a single IP address. These domains are ordered based on host.io domain ranking. Hosted Domains API Easy to use and built with developers in mind! Our IP data lookup API is not only easy to integrate but comes along with an entire suite of REST-Clients and pre-built integrations. Additionally, we provide a Postman-Collection. Integration Documentation "ipbase.com's clear documentation, easy-to-use API, and great support team made it a no-brainer. It has given us the confidence to build our platform on top of their IP lookup API." Wernhard Berger CEO Breatheilo GmbH Why use ipbase.com? Global coverage We continuously update our dataset through various sources to provide the most accurate IP data possible. Lightning fast Our robust server infrastructure is designed to deal with millions of daily API requests. We provide industry-leading uptime. Simple & reliable Our API is built on an intuitive REST standard, and our extensive documentation makes integrations a breeze. Get started for free We provide 150 free API requests per month. Sign up for a free API key and get started for free. No credit card details required. Sign up for free Contact Sales Footer ipbase.com is an easy-to-use & feature complete IP Geolocation API with global coverage. Products IP API ASN API Ranges API Reverse IP API Data IP Ranges Global ASNs Hosted Domains Submit a geo correction Support Documentation API Playground API Status Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Imprint Terms of Service Twitter GitHub More API Products: currencyapi · vatcheckapi · numlookupapi · emailvalidation · zipcodestack · screenshotbase · serpnode © 2025 Everapi GmbH, all rights reserved.