IPBurger - The Highest Quality Dedicated Residential IPs Skip to content Proxies Close Proxies Open Proxies Proxies Residential Proxies 100M+ Rotating Residential Proxies perfect for collecting public web data efficiently. Static (ISP) Residential Proxies REAL Static ISP Proxies. The highest quality Dedicated IPs in the market. Private Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs are exclusively yours and guaranteed clean. Fresh Dedicated IPs Fresh Dedicated IPs are private dedicated IPs with first time usage. Mobile Proxies 10M+ Rotating Mobile proxies with extremely high success rate. Residential VPS Private VPS with an original residential (ISP) IP address Residential VPS Private VPS with an original residential (ISP) IP address. Tools Chrome Extension Easy to use from Chrome. Firefox Extension Use our proxies on Firefox. locations Find Proxy by Location See All Locations what’s my ip Get your IP tested in 1 minute Is your IP safe? Check your IP  to verify potential risks and leaks for your use case. Check my IP Pricing Close Pricing Open Pricing pricing & plans Residential Proxies 100M+ Residential Proxies perfect for scraping and gathering data. Starts from $79 /month Static (ISP) Residential Proxies REAL Static ISP Proxies. The highest quality Dedicated IPs in the market. Starts from $14 41 /month Private Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs are exclusively yours and guaranteed clean. Starts from $4 58 /month Mobile Proxies 10M+ Rotating Mobile proxies with extremely high success rate. Starts from $99 /month Fresh Dedicated IPs Fresh Dedicated IPs are private dedicated IPs with first time usage. Starts from $9 58 /month Residential VPS Private VPS with an original residential (ISP) IP address Residential VPS Private VPS with an original residential (ISP) IP address. Custom plans enterprise plan Big Plans? 
Ask for our Enterprise Plans. Plans with custom price according to your needs. Use Cases Close Use Cases Open Use Cases By Use case Web Scrapping Data collection with no limits. Ad Verification Ad spend optimization. Zero fraud. Affiliate Link Testing Affiliate links and pages monitoring. Travel Fare Aggregation Data comparison in real-time. SEO Analysis SERPs Monitoring and localized content. See All Use Cases By Platform Amazon Craiglist eBay Etsy Facebook Instagram Pinterest Reddit Shopify Twitter X Integrations Proxy Managers Manage your proxies like a 'pro' Seo Tools For top-notch  SEO agencies Social Media Tools Unleash the power of social media See All  Integrations Resources Close Resources Open Resources Help Documentation Explore our guides and 'how-to' manuals Setup & Installation Explore our guides and 'how-to' manuals Support Our support team is happy to help Get started About Us Know more about IPBurger Proxy Locations Explore our +194 Country locations Types of Proxies Get to know our proxies and its differences FAQ Do you have questions? We got you cover. learn Blog Scraping and Proxies insights What is a Residential Proxy? All about Residential Proxies What is a Dedicated Proxy? All you need to know about Dedicated Proxies What is a Fresh Proxy? Fresh proxies have no secrets What is a VPN? Questions  and Answers about VPNs Login Get Proxies Secure the Web with Premium Proxies Perfect for E-commerce... Perfect for SEO... Perfect for Ad Tech... Perfect for Social Marketing... Perfect for branding and live events Perfect for Data Scraping... Perfect for Price Monitoring... Perfect for Market Research... Perfect for Review Monitoring... Perfect for Threat Intelligence... Perfect for Backlink Intelligence Get Proxies Today Talk to an expert See our Proxy Types and Pricing 100M+ Residential Proxies in 195+ Countries Real Static (ISP) Residential Proxies Fresh & Private Dedicated IPs ISP, Country, State, City Targeting 99.95% Success Rates What is my IP Country: Location: ISP: Hostname: Type: Version: A Trusted Partner for Over 24,100 Clients Globally Enhance data access with our advanced proxy solutions We specialize in the highest quality static residential IPs – these are REAL residential IPs. We also enable you to collect public web data seamlessly with our network of 100M+ Rotating Residential IPs. Find the perfect fit for your needs. Static (ISP) Residential Proxies From $14.41 /mo REAL Static ISP Proxies. The highest quality Dedicated IPs in the market. Learn more. Static Residential Proxies Fresh Dedicated IPs From $9.58 /mo Fresh Dedicated IPs are private dedicated IPs with first time usage. Learn more. Fresh Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs From $4.58 /mo Private Dedicated IPs are exclusively yours and guaranteed clean. Learn more. Private Dedicated IPs Residential Proxies From $79 /mo 100M+ Rotating Residential Proxies perfect for scraping  data. Learn more. Residential Proxies Mobile Proxies From $99 /mo 10M+ Rotating Mobile proxies with extremely high success rate. Learn more. Mobile Proxies Global Proxy Pool for Seamless Public Data Access Leverage One of the Largest and Most Reliable Proxy Services on the Market, with Over 100M+ IPs Across 195 Countries. 195+ Locations 2,014 Cities 100M Proxies See all Proxy Locations Rotating Residential Proxies Helps maintain stable access to publicly available data with our network of 100M+ Residential proxies. Residential Proxies Rotating Mobile Proxies Residential Proxies Experience the power of our Rotating Residential Proxies, boasting over 100 million ethically sourced IPs . With an impressive success rate of 99.7%, these proxies provide a high-reliability solution for your data gathering needs. Connect to real residential IPs worldwide for stable and reliable access to publicly available information. Learn more about our Residential Proxies . Get Residential Proxies Rotating Mobile Proxies Harness the power of real mobile proxies across 100+ countries , providing an unparalleled success rate. Our rotating mobile proxies are perfect for ensuring uninterrupted that enable you to gather the data you need. Learn more about our Rotating Mobile Proxies . Get Rotating Mobile Proxies Private Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs come in many flavors, Static Residential, Fresh Dedicated and Private Dedicated IPs. Learn more about our Dedicated IPs. Static (ISP) Residential Proxies Fresh Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs Static (ISP) Residential Proxies IPBurger Static (ISP) Residential Proxies are the highest quality dedicated IPs in the market. These are private STATIC residential IPs. These are great for those that need a residential IP address in a country of their choosing for an extended period of time. Work remotely, manage your business confidently, access region-based content , etc. Learn more about our Static (ISP) Residential Proxies . Get Static (ISP) Residential Proxies Fresh Dedicated IPs Fresh Dedicated IPs are private dedicated IPs with first time usage. That means they are assigned to ONE person at a time and when it comes to Fresh, they have 180-days between uses, giving them a “Fresh” notation. Perfect for businesses needing to manage their accounts on sites like eBay, PayPal, Amazon, Shopify, Google, etc. Learn more about Fresh Dedicated IPs . Get Fresh Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs are static IPs located in data centers with unparalleled speed and reliability. These IPs are only assigned to ONE person at a time, there is no sharing of IPs. We offer locations in the US, UK, DE, CA, FR, etc. 
 These IPs are perfect for handling sensitive accounts such as PayPal, eBay, Amazon, Shopify, Facebook, etc. Use our Chrome and Firefox proxy extensions and browser user accounts. Learn more about Private Dedicated IPs Get Private Dedicated IPs IPBurger Products Power Leading Industries with Public Web Data XYZ E-Commerce Cybersecurity Brand protection SERP monitoring Travel & hospitality Leverage Public Data for E-Commerce Growth Gain large-scale access to valuable e-commerce data, including pricing, product information, and customer reviews. Price Monitoring Dynamic Pricing Product Information Tracking MAP Policy Violation Detection Enhance Cybersecurity Operations with Public Data Collect vital data while staying under the radar of threat actors, empowering proactive security decisions. Threat Intelligence Email Protection Phishing Attack Prevention Protect Brands with Top-Tier Public Data Collection Solutions Scale up your public data retrieval to combat copyright infringement and counterfeiting. Copyright Infringement Monitoring Anti-Counterfeit Tracking Domain Squatting Detection Unlock SEO Potential with Real-Time Public SERP Data Extract highly localized search engine data to track rankings and enhance brand visibility. SERP Monitoring Backlink Intelligence Ad Intelligence Uncover New Opportunities with Public Travel Data Harness real-time flight and hotel data to inform your travel business strategy with evidence-based insights. Real-Time Ticket Pricing Data Hotel Pricing Trends Supported Languages Effortlessly Integrate Our Solutions into Your Projects We make it simple to integrate our products into your scraping infrastructure. With support for multiple programming languages and ready-to-use code examples, you can kick-start your web scraping project quickly and easily. See documentation In-Depth Expertise on Public Data Gathering We regularly share our expertise across various platforms. Stay updated on the latest in web scraping by visiting our developer-focused communities. Discord community Connect with fellow web scraping enthusiasts by joining our vibrant community. Scraping Experts Learn from the best with our free video lessons, taught by industry-leading experts. YouTube channel Explore our engaging videos covering a wide range of data collection topics. GitHub Check out our channel for detailed, step-by-step web scraping tutorials. Visit our Developers Hub From all necessary technical product information to valuable public data gathering tutorials and helpful resources, find everything you need in one place. Learn more Unmatched Customer Experience in the Industry Don’t take our word for it. Here is actual feedback from our customers. 4.4/5 Trust pilot score. Powering over 26,000 proxy users. “IPBurger‘s residential proxies are the best around. I was having a lot of issues before finding them, and I’ve had zero issues after switching to them. Their customer service is phenomenal as well, they helped me get set up and made sure I understand how to use their proxy service completely. I highly recommend!” – Kiley, Trustpilot Review Chimera (UK) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I am so impressed with this service. The support team is amazing! Multiple services set up, auto connect and kill switch enabled...all very easy to install and set up (and im not the most tech savvy). Great job! Jigsaw (UK) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Purchased fresh UK IP plan. Very easy to setup and VPN runs very smoothly. No issues. Highly recommended! Instaify (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I decided to start using the VPN. It was quick to get the account information after placing the order. Probably to took less than a few mins to get the info into my email. After getting the info, I downloaded the software - it was easy to install and got the account up running. Spogoss (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Purchased a couple of days ago. Purchase went flawless, they emailed back promptly. Got information and support on how to do everything and setup emails less than an hour later. Works great! Thanks IPBurger! Excellent service as always! CamaroSS (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Haven't had time to test out the VPN service yet but I do have to say IPBurger delivered everything instantly. Everything looks pretty self explanatory. Plain and simple. I'm sure I won't have any issues. I'd recommend the service just from the experience I've had so far! Kleen Earth (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Bought an IP about a month ago, works flawlessly. Thanks! BoBo (UK) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ It took less than 1 minute to register and make an order. Straightforward and simple. setup guide and FAQ's are there to help if you need help. Buy Sell Unlock (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Very professional website. Easy checkout and quick response to all my emails. Thank you. JP Foster (Canada) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I'm currently using IPBurger and its very easy to set up and use. Very impressed... Thanks IPBurger for the Fresh Dedicated VPN. Cheers! eContact (UK) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great service. I was able to get on and use the new IP. No issues at all... Beast (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Purchased a fresh VPN for 3 months. My service was active within an hour. The setup is easy, there are step by step guides for Windows & Mac. Connection is quick. Happy with everything so far. Billgraham (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ After some research, I went with IPBurger for a Dedicated IP. Heard good things, and so far it's been great! Tutorial to set up was a breeze. Highly recommended! Tarbari (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I purchased the fresh VPN service and the delivery was prompt. I like the setup guides and the fact that I can use it on mobile too. Everything looks good so far. Stack That Money (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I have been using the service for about a week now...So far so good! Good customer service as well. Shadow Down (Canada) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Works great! Took no time to set up and works on both mac & windows USyed1 (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Just bought a USA vpn from IPBurger.com. Very Fast delivery and quick support. And it took no time to setup. No effect on internet speed. I will be buying more.. Mas7ermind (Bulgaria) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Bought a couple of IPs from IPBurger , they all work great. Thanks a lot! RookProp (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Just bought an IP. The guide was easy to follow. Tried it out on a new ebay account. Hope everything works. Thanks. Now I dont have to rely on my phone data. Tommy Scott (UK) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ WOW! What a fantastic service. IPBurger is something I would say just go for it, don't stop to think about it. You will be happy for sure. Saul123 (Vietnam) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I bought the VPN today and I am very happy. Very very HIGH quality ips. Will be ordering more soon. Thanks! Snuggly Tiger ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I just signed up for IPBurger yesterday and it is absolutely FANTASTIC!!! It works flawlessly with eBay & all other websites that I've been to (Google, Youtube, Amazon, etc.) It's fast, secure & pretty affordable. Ubaida ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ As of today, I have over 20 Dedicated IPs from IP Burger and they work flawlessly and connect fast with a simple clean client. The service they provide is top notch, your support ticket is usually answered within minutes or an hour max. Thank you guys Help Me 1 (US) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I have bought a lot of VPNs from IPBurger and I want to say that I'm very much satisfied with the service and the good support. Emil Keleshev ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Very professional service and support. Highly recommend! Mỹ Long ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ They provide excellent service and their support team is really nice and they give me fast response when i need their support. Very recommend. Sean Praxis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I had a bit of difficulty with installation, and Sagar C was very patient with me and helped resolve the issue very quickly. Easy 5-stars Khalid Bin Ahmed ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Best VPN I've ever used. Highly recommended Vilius HexDee ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great VPN, excellent customer service! Recommended! Faisal Hamid Hemel ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ One of the Best VPN with an awesome support team. Highly Recommended Emily Tran ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great VPN, Great support i love here! Tess Tendasi ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I had problems with installation that were eventually resolved by Sagar who had great patience with me. Fantastic customer service skills that raised my rating to 5 stars. Scale Your Business With The Most Advanced Proxies On Earth Join the #1 Award-Winning Proxy Network Get Started Home Get In Touch General: [email protected] Support: [email protected] Follow Us Facebook-f Twitter Camera-retro Linkedin Youtube English Русский Español 中文 (繁體) Français Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文 (简体) Products Residential Proxies Static (ISP) Residential Proxies Fresh Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs Mobile Proxies VPN Service Residential Proxies Static (ISP) Residential Proxies Fresh Dedicated IPs Private Dedicated IPs Mobile Proxies VPN Service Proxy Tools What is My IP? “IP Lookup” Chrome Browser Extension Tool Firefox Browser Extension Tool What is My IP? “IP Lookup” Chrome Browser Extension Tool Firefox Browser Extension Tool Learn More What are Residential Proxies? What are Fresh Proxies? What are Exclusive Proxies? What is a VPN? Types of Proxies What are Residential Proxies? What are Fresh Proxies? What are Exclusive Proxies? What is a VPN? Types of Proxies Proxy Locations US Proxies UK Proxies Morocco Proxies Canada Proxies Vietnam Proxies Egypt Proxies India Proxies Germany Proxies China Proxies Russian Proxies US Proxies UK Proxies Morocco Proxies Canada Proxies Vietnam Proxies Egypt Proxies India Proxies Germany Proxies China Proxies Russian Proxies Get to Know Us About IPBurger User-Case Examples Proxy Features IPBurger Reviews Plans and Pricing Web Scraping Proxies – Tutorials Privacy Policy Terms of Service About IPBurger User-Case Examples Proxy Features IPBurger Reviews Plans and Pricing Web Scraping Proxies – Tutorials Privacy Policy Terms of Service Make Money With Us Become an Affiliate Affiliate Terms Become an Affiliate Affiliate Terms By accessing this site, you are agreeing to abide by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025, IPBurger LLC. All rights reserved. Registered Names and Trademarks are the copyrights and properties of their respective owners.