IP Data Intelligence for Developers & Enterprises | IPinfo Type / to search IP data 8.8.8.8 1.1.1.1 AS15169 History Starred ? Hotkeys Products Data Why IPinfo? Pricing Resources Docs Login Sign up Get started now The Trusted Source For IP Address Data Empowering developers and enterprises with verified IP data that's fast, accurate, and built to scale. Get started for free Contact sales Data Accuracy Flexibility Reliability See it for yourself Powerful data on every IP See how we turn raw IPs into rich, structured data - with location, privacy, and network intel in milliseconds. See all the products IPinfo Plus Our Products IPinfo Lite IPinfo Core IPinfo Plus Geolocation ASN Privacy Detection Mobile Carrier IPinfo Enterprise 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 { ip : " 8.8.8.8 " , hostname : " dns.google " , geo : { city : " Mountain View " , region : " California " , region_code : " CA " , country : " United States " , country_code : " US " , continent : " North America " , continent_code : " NA " , latitude : 38.00881 , longitude : -122.11746 , timezone : " America/Los_Angeles " , postal_code : " 94043 " , dma_code : " 807 " , geoname_id : " 5375478 " , radius : 500 } , as : { asn : " AS15169 " , name : " Google LLC " , domain : " google.com " , type : " hosting " , last_changed : " 2025-03-09 " } , mobile : { } , anonymous : { is_proxy : false , is_relay : false , is_tor : false , is_vpn : false } , is_anonymous : false , is_anycast : true , is_hosting : true , is_mobile : false , is_satellite : false } How we know Real measurements. Not guesswork. Our 1,000+ PoP Probenet captures infrastructure signals in real time. That means every IP lookup reflects how the internet works today, not last month. Learn more Made for you Structured. Flexible. Developer-ready. Clean IP data in real formats - API, flat files, and SDKs - ready to drop into any stack. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 { ip : " 8.8.8.8 " , asn : " AS15169 " , as_name : " Google LLC " , as_domain : " google.com " , country_code : " US " , country : " United States " , continent_code : " NA " , continent : " North America " } Scales with your needs Fast, reliable, and ready for production 99.99% uptime. 50–200ms response time. Zero surprises at scale. Unrivaled data quality Verified IP Data. Built For Developers. Access highly accurate IP data with ease. From geolocation to privacy detection of VPNs and proxies, our solutions enable you to make informed decisions in real-time. See why IPinfo is trusted by industry leaders for data accuracy and reliability. Geolocation Know where an IP is located in the real world with the most accurate IP geolocation data in the industry, providing context as granular as radius and confidence level. IP Geolocation Data Privacy Detection Identify IPs hiding behind anonymization mechanisms like VPNs, proxies, private relays, Tors, or connections via hosting providers. IP Privacy Detection Data ASN Get visibility into the relationships and ownership of different networks around the internet including both IPv4 and IPv6. IP ASN Data Mobile Carrier Access detailed and accurate information about mobile carriers including the carrier name, MCC/MNC codes, and country codes. IP Mobile Carrier Data Whois Leverage data updated daily with consistent format and easy-to-use fields like Point of Contact (POC), Organization Identifiers (ORG), Networks (NET), and more. IP Whois Data IP Ranges Gather a full list of IP address ranges that are owned or operated by the provided domain name, with the total number of ranges and an array with each of them. IP Ranges Data Company Discover companies behind IP traffic with data including the company’s name, domain, and what type of company it is: ISP, business, hosting service, or educational institution. IP Company Data Hosted Domains Retrieve a full list of domains that are hosted on a single IP address. IP Hosted Domains Data Residential Proxy Detect verified residential IPs, enhancing existing security measures, with metrics that include usage frequency, proxy provider information, and last-seen timestamps. IP Residential Proxy Data Abuse Contact View information belonging to the abuse contact of every IP address on the Internet. IP Abuse Contact Data It's time to reimagine IP data For too long, developers have had to settle for bad IP data. Not anymore. IPinfo gives you reliable, verifiable IP intelligence — engineered for rapid production. That’s how IPinfo became the most trusted IP data provider for security, geolocation, and network-aware applications. IPinfo Lite Powerful IP Data Without Limits. No credit card required. Get started for free Unlimited API Requests Build and test without worrying about quotas or hidden fees. Accurate Geo and ASN Data Get accurate country and ASN data for reliable IP intelligence. API or Database Download Choose between our lightning-fast API or data downloads in different formats. Daily Data Refresh Stay apace with global IP changes with our daily refreshed data. IPv4 & IPv6 Coverage Depend on reliable data for both address formats worldwide. Easy Integration Get started in minutes with a straightforward API or one of our integrations. Get started for free Rated #1 for IP Data Accuracy Manjeet S. IPinfo isn’t just about IP Lookups, it also helped us increase our sales. Bruce F. IPinfo is my silent watchdog as it helps me in pinpointing risk, location & users in real-time. Otis J. IPinfo was surprisingly valuable and outperformed all the other IP intelligence tools I've tried. Our data What's in the Data ? Verified, real-time IP data — built for seamless integration into developer workflows and data projects. Explore our data options Our products The Right IP Data, Delivered From free basics to full-stack intelligence, IPinfo offers the most accurate IP data — at every level of need. IPinfo Lite Free, unlimited country-level geolocation and ASN data — accurate enough for real apps, not just tests. 7 IP Attributes Learn more IPinfo Core City-level geolocation plus VPN/proxy detection — essential IP intelligence with privacy context and carrier information. 16 IP Attributes Learn more IPinfo Plus High-resolution IP data with named anonymizers, geo radius, and change tracking for advanced risk modeling. 32 IP Attributes Learn more IPinfo Enterprise Custom IP intelligence stacks with private routing, dedicated support, and tailored data blends for full control. 40 IP Attributes Learn more Power your pipeline with accurate IP data Sign up for free Contact sales Products Products IPinfo Lite IPinfo Core IPinfo Plus IPinfo Enterprise Data Data IP to Geolocation IP Ranges Privacy Detection IP to Company ASN Hosted Domains IP to Mobile Carrier Abuse Contact IP Whois Residential Proxy Why IPinfo? Why IPinfo? Pricing About us Research Data Our Community Probe Network Customers stories Use cases Resources Resources Help Center Support Blog E-books & Presentations Press Tools Docs For AI Agents Copyright © 2025 IPinfo® Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy