IP Logger URL Shortener - Log and Track IP addresses Best IP Logger & IP Tools Blog Tools URL Shortener Location Tracker Track phone number IP Tracker Tracking Pixel Admin tools My IP Address URL checker IP Counters and Userbars Credit Cards Generator BIN check Useragent Generator WHOIS Domain Lookup My UserAgent Random IP generator MAC address lookup Internet speedtest Private note Temporary E-mail Sign in Sign up Pricing English English Tiếng Việt Українська Türkçe Русский Português Polski 한국인 日本 Italiano Bahasa Français Español Eesti keel Deutsch Brasileiro (اللغة العربية) Sign in Sign up IP Logger URL Shortener - Log and Track IP Addresses IP Logger is a URL Shortener with advanced analytics for the traffic through your links, visitors on your online store, blog or website. With IPLogger or IP Grabber, you can find your own IP address, find location of IP address, and track the exact location of any mobile device or PC, check URL for hidden redirects for safety reasons. There are several ways to collect detailed analytics and track IP address: short links, an invisible pixel, a unique geo-logger tool and use URL tracker. You can use IP trap completely legally using our unique patented technology to collect user consent Create new link, track URL or mobile phone UTM Builder By creating a logger you agree to our terms and privacy policy Create a shortlink It's a tracking code More tools URL shortener Enter any URL or link to an image on the internet to shorten it and track IP addresses and clicks. More details IP Tracker Check IP address to get its ISP, country, city and IP geolocation. More details Track phone number Track the exact location of any cell phone with IPLogger's unique phone tracking technology More details Temporary mail Protect your real email from spam, unwanted ads, hacking attempts, and tracking bots. Temp Mail provides free, secure, anonymous temporary email addresses to keep your inbox private and safe. More details Location Tracker Create Location Tracker link and find out the exact GPS-based location of any mobile device. More details Invisible image (PIXEL) Generate invisible image (pixel) to get statistics for your website traffic, track IP addresses and IP address location. More details URL checker Check any URL for hidden redirects, find our its server information and location. More details My IP Address Find all the information about your ip address, including ip geolocation, Internet Service Provider (ISP), City, Country... More details Private note Send self-destructing notes that self-destruct after reading for anonymous communication More details MAC address lookup Check the MAC address for device information. More details Internet speed test The service allows you to quickly and easily check the speed of your Internet connection. More details Useragents generator Generate some random useragents to replace the default one in your browser More details My user agent Identify your browser's unique signature with My User Agent. Ideal for developers & testers. Instantly analyze device, OS, and browser version. More details Random IP generator Craft random IP addresses. Streamline testing, bolster security setups, and hone IP-related functions. Essential tool for devs & testers. More details Credit Card Generator Create test credit card numbers with full details: name, expiration date, PIN and CVV. Reliable and fast for verifications. More details BIN checker Check the BIN of the card number. Quickly and efficiently identify your bank and card type. More details Admin tools Do you want to feel like an administrator of our service and view statistics of any link? Take advantage of this opportunity right now. More details WHOIS info A service that provides detailed information about a specific domain name. More details IP Counters, Userbars, Informers Publish an visitor counter, userbar or informer on your website and get a detailed data insight on your audience. More details Features IP LOGGER URL Shortener Get detailed statistics on clicks and IP Addresses. Branded Domains:🌐 Customize your IP logging with our unique branded domains. Increase your professional image and trustworthiness. Telegram Bot:🤖 Access our services directly from your Telegram account API Access:🔌 Integrate our IP logging services into your own applications, making them more powerful and versatile. SMART Loggers:💡 Our advanced loggers capture a wealth of information including: IP Addresses:📍 Track individual IP addresses, identifying unique visitors and their online activities. Hardware Details:💻 Gain insights into your visitor's hardware such as audio capabilities, screen resolution, and battery status. Browser Information:🌐 Understand your visitors better by identifying their browser type and version. Geographical Data:🗺️ Determine the country and city of your visitors, enabling better-targeted content and services. User Agent and Referrer URL:🔗 Identify the origin of your traffic, enabling better analytics and marketing strategies. Device and Operating System (OS):📱💻 Understand the technology your visitors use, including device type and OS, for optimized content delivery. Location Tracking:🌍 Precisely track the location of your visitors for advanced analytics and location-specific services. IPLogger links are GDPR compliant Automate the process of obtaining users' consent to the data processing IPLogger uses proprietary technology of users’ consent collection before data processing as GDPR and ePrivacy Directive require. Just enable “Consent collection” for your short links and be legally safe Regulatory compliant link technology is licensed from the patent owner Wowlink Pte. Ltd. (SG) Tutorials How to Find Someone's IP Address? IP logger will help you find and track the IP address of with just three simple steps: 1. Shorten long link 2. Share the new short link with another user 3. Grab IP address after the user clicks on your short link Note: You can save the tracking code for your link for a quick access to its statistics Enter the tracking code on the home page and click "Tracking Code" to see all the information captured with IP Logger. Blog, articles IPLogger Editorial Team Temp-Mail secure solution and spam protection Temp-Mail is temporary mail for anonymous registration and spam protection 5/19/25, 12:59 PM IPLogger Editorial Team Private Note: Send notes that self-destruct after being read Share a confidential note via a web link that will self-destruct after it is read by your intended recipient 11/13/24, 10:11 AM IPLogger Editorial Team IP Logger: Full Overview of Features and Capabilities IP tracking and data analysis tools, learn how SMART loggers, IP trackers and other unique features can be used to capture detailed data, from geolocation to device specifications. 11/6/24, 1:28 PM More articles Your questions, answered How to use IP Logger? IP logger helps to collect the most detailed insights about your audience, including IP address and extended information on each visitor who has... What is an IP tracker? IP Tracker is a simple tool to get all available information about any IP address, server or website in the world. What data is included in analytics? IPLogger provides the most detailed data for each click on the link, such as IP address, geographic location, including country and city, exact GPS... What is URL Checker? This feature helps to protect you from malicious websites, securely check where a short link really goes and detect all hidden redirects without... What is invisible pixel? Invisible image or pixel is a visitor counter that can be published on your website for collecting a detailed analytics on your website audience,... What is a geo-logger? This type of logger helps to obtain accurate GPS coordinates of the device location. Note: user consent required. More answeres Attention In case of detecting the use of IP Logger service for any kind of illegal purposes, such as spam or use in malicious software, distribution of the links to fraudulent sites, we have all rights to immediately block suspicious links, as well as all associated accounts. Persons abusing the service and using it for illegal purposes may be subject to investigation with legal consequences. If we discover that you are spamming, we will take serious action against your account.
Below are some of the possible actions we reserve the right to take against spammers: - We will block all links associated with the spam account - We will block all links associated with the spam account - We will close the account without prior notice Please report any facts of abusing our Terms of Use immediately to abuse@iplogger.com or through the "Contact Us" button. Google Adwords Facebook myTarget Yandex.Direct Source Medium Campaign Term Content Preview Cancel Insert UTM X Pricing Buy Best IP Logger & IP Tools English English Tiếng Việt Українська Türkçe Русский Português Polski 한국인 日本 Italiano Bahasa Français Español Eesti keel Deutsch Brasileiro (اللغة العربية) URL Shortener Location Tracker Track phone number Tracking Pixel URL checker IP Counters and Userbars My UserAgent WHOIS Domain Lookup My IP Address IP Tracker MAC address lookup Internet speedtest Credit Cards Generator Random IP generator Useragent Generator Faq Сontact us Report abuse Privacy Policy Terms of Use Anti-spam Policy GDPR Compliance Delete my data Withdraw consent Sign up Sign in The action requires consent Dear Valued User! The internet landscape is changing, and as many other web services we are implementing stricter practices to protect your personal information from unauthorized disclosure and to be more transparent on what is done with your personal information and how you can control how your information is used and distributed. We have updated our  Terms and Conditions and  Privacy Policy to more clearly reflect our data collection and privacy practices as well as to comply with new European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. Since publishing our new policies, you must agree and accept the updated policies to continue use of our website and mobile app. All loggers will stop collecting any statistics on clicks and views until you provide your consent to our  Terms and Conditions and  Privacy Policy. Please read our update Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy very carefully and do not accept them if you have any doubts. Thank you for understanding. Dear user, the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy have changed since your last login, so you need to accept them again prior to start using the service. Please review carefully the revised Policies by the links below. I agree with Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Cancel Confirm To give you the best possible experience, https://iplogger.org uses cookies. Using  means you agree to our use of cookies. We have published a new cookies policy, which you should read to find out more about the cookies we use. View Cookies politics Accept and close