Enterprise Email Marketing Software - iPost Skip to content Solutions Associations Casino/Gaming Franchises Legal/Settlement Services STM Publishing Other Industries Services Partners Integrations Resources Case Studies Guides Newsroom Video Content Company About Careers Contact Us Support Newsroom Blog Login Book a Demo Solutions Associations Casino/Gaming Franchises Legal/Settlement Services STM Publishing Other Industries Services Partners Integrations Resources Case Studies Guides Newsroom Video Content Company About Careers Contact Us Support Newsroom Blog Login Book a Demo Solutions Associations Casino/Gaming Franchises Legal/Settlement Services STM Publishing Other Industries Services Partners Integrations Resources Case Studies Guides Newsroom Video Content Company About Careers Contact Us Support Newsroom Blog Login Book a Demo iPost Enterprise Email Marketing LaRock 2025-12-22T11:47:29-07:00 The Most Powerful Email Platform In The World The Most Powerful Email Platform In The World For Casino Marketing For Franchise Marketing For Legal Settlement Administration For Publishing For Casino Marketing For Franchise Marketing For Legal Settlement Administration For Publishing Franchise Email Marketing Support and train corporate and franchise-owned locations through multi-tiered accounts. iPost solves the problems franchises face when running email programs – consistent branding and fragmentation all wrapped up in one location. Email Marketing For Franchises ➔ Casino Email Marketing Customize your player development journey using behavioral data to increase wallet share. iPost drives loyalty among your players by creating 5X new player/member revenue streams using decision logic around player behavior. Email Marketing For Casinos ➔ STM Publishing Effortlessly converts scientific journal content into curated, monetized emails—automating content extraction, layout design, and performance analytics with zero coding needed. STM Publishing ➔ Class Action & Legal Settlement Email Delivering email on time and into the inbox for class action settlement organizations. iPost is the premier solution for settlement organizations because of our unique process and established relationships with postmasters. Email Marketing For Legal Settlements ➔ Built for Enterprise. Trusted Across Industries Whether you’re in Retail, Entertainment, Agency, Political, eCommerce, Affiliate, or B2B—iPost helps enterprise brands turn complex data into personalized, scalable email marketing. No clunky systems. No guesswork. Just results. Explore the iPost Platform ➔ One Platform. Endless Possibilities. Smarter Email for Every Audience. BOOK A CALL One Platform. Endless Possibilities. Smarter Email for Every Audience. BOOK A CALL Seamless Integrations Trusted by some of the biggest brands… Are you looking for iPost integrations? iPost plays well with others too. Check out our best-of-breed integration providers that allow you to make iPost work even better. Other integrations ➔ 4.4 Rating on Trusted by Industry Leaders — Here’s Why They Choose iPost Some kind words from our respected clients “Great Support” Great support. Easy to use even with advanced features. Peter Koshland, CEO – Koshland Pharm “Great Partner” They provide a solid platform and have A+ customer service. Jared Lee, VP at Franklin Planner “A No-Brainer” After seeing the iPost platform it was a no-brainer to switch providers. Lisa Nason, – Restaurant.com “An amazing partner” The iPost customers we spoke with presided over sophisticated, enterprise-level programs and all praised iPost as “an amazing partner.” iPost scored incredibly high across the board in our customer satisfaction ratings, but especially in the critical areas of Deliverability Tools, Services and Support, Account Management, Technical Services, Integration, and Technical and Customer Support. Reference customers had a lot to say about services and support specifically, citing that the team is “amazing,” “highly responsive” and “always there for [us].” Customers appreciate the “incredible flexibility, power and scalability” of the platform, and reported “a very smooth ramp up.” ESP Buyers Guide “iPost provided excellent customer service and was extremely responsive to all questions and training needs.” Una Mladenović - Global Marketing, Brand, and Communications Manager “Working with iPost has been a pleasure; in fact, we are expanding our partnership. iPost has been a game-changer for us. It is not just another email system but rather a data management and communication tool that can grow with users’ needs. With intermediate database skills, you can adjust iPost’s backend to match your needs, and the data flows between both systems is super smooth. iPost has a great team that is always there for you – and the best part is that you can, but don’t need to, involve them when flexibility is needed. Highly recommended!” Szymon Padkowski - Director of Marketing, Truckee Gaming iPost Case Studies: Email Marketing in Action Dive Deeper Into Our Client Work Loyalty Program Email Strategy for Signature Flight Support Signature Flight Support’s global network of 200 Fixed Base Operations (FBOs) offer essential support to business jets and private aviation. These services include aircraft fueling, handling, and hangarage – all with an emphasis on exceptional customer service. Email Marketing Innovation at the Henry Ford Museum With more than 1.7 million annual visitors and growing, Dearborn, Michigan’s internationally recognized cultural destination needed a new solution to help its customers experience American innovation, ingenuity and resourcefulness through its email programs. Powering Millions of Emails: iPost’s Role in Restaurant.com’s Growth As the valued and trusted restaurant marketing network that connects restaurants and diners, Restaurant.com requires a world-class email service provider (ESP) to handle the volume and complexity of its digital marketing needs. iPost News iPost Reports Over 50% Growth in Q3 2025, Driven by Strong Demand Across Gaming, Hospitality, and Enterprise Sectors Marco Marini 2025-11-22T17:18:45-07:00 November 10th, 2025 | Bally’s Corporation Selects iPost to Power Email Marketing Across 14 Properties Marco Marini 2025-10-31T14:03:37-06:00 October 24th, 2025 | Mohegan Selects iPost to Power Advanced Email and SMS Marketing Efforts Shaun Chojnacki 2025-11-02T12:41:58-07:00 July 25th, 2025 | iPost Launches New Website to Better Serve Niche Industries for Advanced Email Marketing Shaun Chojnacki 2023-08-23T09:38:41-06:00 March 16th, 2022 | Book A Call Let us show you how to use YOUR data to create emails that convert. Give us 10-15 minutes of your time to see if iPost is a good fit for your business. We would love for you to experience: How to use your data to create highly targeted and personalized emails that your subscribers crave. How easy it is to create amazing-looking emails. Develop simple to complex email journeys for greater ROI. Or, if you prefer, a fully customized demo to YOUR business based on your individual needs. Contact Us 63 Bovet Road Suite 405 San Mateo, CA 94402 Phone: 415-382-4000 Email: sales@ipost.com Web: Contact Us Get Connected Podcasts Email Marketing For Associations Casino / Gaming Franchises Franchises Development Legal Settlement Services Atypon Publishing Universities/Education Other Industries Resources Blog Case Studies Guides Newsroom Services Videos & Podcasts Company About iPost Careers at iPost Partner with iPost Integrations Help Application Support © iPost All Rights Reserved   | Privacy Policy | Acceptable Use Policy | Data & Security |   This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply Page load link iPost: Email & Messaging Software Platform Thank you! The new client setup form has been successfully submitted. Our team is reviewing and will reach out if we have any questions. Account setup takes 3 – 5 business days. You will be notified once your account set up is complete and provided user access at that time. × iPost Enterprise G001 | G002 | G003 × Request A Demo Want to learn more about how iPost can help you succeed with connected digital marketing? For more information about our products and services or a demo of the iPost iMM, please contact us. ×