IPSharkk – IP changer – change IP address Choose your payment method Home Prices Screenshots Contact Faq About Us Menu ✓ Change IP unlimited number of times ✓ Choose from a huge variety of IP addresses ✓ Use IpSharkk for HTTPs connections ✓ Get IP from any country you wish With IpSharkk you can: Download Now Free Plan Free forever (NO PAYMENT) 150 MB bandwidth per day 10 location changes per day HTTP protocol only Download Now Silver Plan 7.99 $ per month (CHARGED EACH MONTH) unlimited bandwidth per day 100 location changes per day All protocols Buy Now Download Free Version now and enjoy anonymity. This version guarantees anonymity only for HTTP protocol. You can upgrade to premium service at any moment in the future. Download Now IPSharkk screenshots On the left you can see IPSharkk in action, anonymity became available for everyone. Easy to use user interface Hundreds of IPs available at every moment One click and you surf the web from different part of the world Campatible with most browsers Configure any software to use IPSharkk (socks4/5 and HTTP/HTTPS proxies available) About Us We are really concerned about disappearing internet privacy. Most people don’t even suspect that all their activity is being tracked and linked to them. Many people would be really shocked if they saw how many data about them companies have. Not long ago AOL Search Database leaked with search queries linked to IP’s. Just imagine what would happen if anyone could see your all searches you submitted to search engine. For many people it had really disastrous consequences. The main reason was that they were linked to their IP addresses. When it happened we decided to develop a software that will help people to protect their Privacy against malicious companies and people. We strive to make this software a shield that will give you freedom and enable you to sleep well knowing that no one will use your private data against you. Beginning We created IPSharkk to ensure that internet anonymity will never become past. Timeline IPSharkk project started in 2008 and its development still continues. Location Our company and its team is located in USA. © Copyright - IPSharkk Scroll to top By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. Close