Accurate IP Geolocation API for Developers & Businesses | IPstack Skip to content Pricing Documentation Tools API Status Run in Postman Chat GPT Contact Us Pricing Documentation Tools API Status Run in Postman Chat GPT Contact Us Resources FAQs Blog Affiliates Other APIs Resources FAQs Blog Affiliates Other APIs Login Start building Pricing Documentation Tools SDK Run in Postman IPstack GPT Status Contact US Resources Faq Blog Affiliates Other APIs Login Get Free API Key Real-time IP Geolocation API Service Accurate IP geolocation API for real-time location data. Instantly locate IP addresses, detect threats, and access real-time location, ISP, timezone & more. Scalable, secure, and easy to integrate. Get  Free API Key View Documentation CAPABILITIES Enrich Every IP Lookup with 100+ Detailed Data Fields API Response Get complete details for any IP, including location, ISP, timezone, and security. Location Pinpoint user location by IP with city, region, country, latitude, and longitude data. Currency Detect local currency instantly to localize pricing and improve user experience. TImezone Get accurate timezone data from any IP to schedule content and trigger events correctly. Connection Access ISP, connection type, and ASN details to understand your users’ network environment. Security Identify VPNs, proxies, and threats with advanced IP security detection. WHY US Proven  IP Geolocation API Used by Global Businesses Easy to integrate Supports JSON and XML Dedicated technical support View Pricing Secure & Intelligent Threat Protection Safeguard your data with 256-bit SSL encryption and real-time threat detection that flags proxies, VPNs, and suspicious access patterns to enhance system security. 99.9% Uptime, Real-Time IP Data Built on robust infrastructure that ensures consistent availability with 99.9% uptime for uninterrupted access. Reliable, Up-to-Date Data via ISP Partnerships Leverages trusted relationships with leading ISPs to deliver highly accurate and real-time geolocation data. 2M+ Locations, 200K+ Cities Retrieve data from over 2 million locations and 200,000+ cities across the globe, with support for both IPv4 and IPv6. USE CASES Unlock Business Insight with IP Geolocation Geo-Targeted Marketing​: IP geolocation enables businesses to deliver targeted local ads, increasing relevance for users and driving better results for advertisers. Key benefits: Target by country, region, or city​ Improve ad performance and ROI​ Reduce wasted impressions Enhancing User Experience​: Businesses can use visitors’ IP data to personalize content and offers by location, boosting engagement and customer loyalty. Key benefits: Auto-detect language and currency Serve localized content Increase engagement and retention Fraud Detection and Prevention: Safeguard your data with 256-bit SSL encryption and real-time threat detection that flags proxies, VPNs, and suspicious access patterns to enhance system security. Key benefits: Detect IP spoofing and masked traffic Let you block high-risk regions Reduce chargebacks and fake signups Streamline Operations: Automate shipping rules, tax calculations, and compliance workflows using verified IP-based location data. Key benefits: Auto-apply regional tax and VAT rules Simplify compliance with geo-based regulations Optimize shipping zones and delivery estimates Endless Opportunities with Our Full API Suite From currencies to weather, PDFs to more, our API marketplace has it all. Start exploring today and find the perfect building blocks for your next project. Browse APIs RELATED APIs Discover More from Our API Suite Exchangerates API Historical & Real-time Exchange Rates & Currency Conversion for your Business Currencylayer API Reliable Exchange Rates & Currency Conversion for your Business. Marketstack API Real-Time, Intraday & Historical Market API. Numverify API Global Phone Number Validation & Lookup JSON API Tools Your Toolkit to Explore, Test, and Monitor IPstack Get instant answers and API help with ChatGPT assistant Access GPT Documentation Comprehensive docs to help you launch in minutes. View Documentation Run in Postman Use our Postman collection to test our APIs fast. Fork Collection Official SDK Ready-to-use SDKs for quick API integration Learn More Status Real-time updates on API performance and uptime View Status Everything You Need to Build and Scale Unlock the full potential of your applications with APILayer. Access all in one integrated suite designed to help you learn, build, and grow faster. Access Developer Suite Reviews Trusted by Developers Worldwide Full appreciate IPstack Locate and identify the website visitors is the best i like. Anvesh T. October 7, 2022 Getting location(and more) by an IP address The interface is modern and intuitive, so it is easy to find. Alexander D. April 9, 2019 Trouble-free and easy to use utility APIs IPstack provides easy-to-use services and excellent. Gabriel M. December 14, 2022 I Love IPstack It is fast on front end (browsers) and the price is. shareef hl. June 15, 2019 Subscribe to our Newsletter​ Subscribe General Pricing Contact Us Documentation Other APIs Pricing Contact Us Documentation Other APIs Tools SDKs Run in Postman Status Ipstack GPT SDKs Run in Postman Status Ipstack GPT Resources FAQs Blog Affiliates FAQs Blog Affiliates Subscribe to our Newsletter​ Subscribe Privacy Policy Imprint Terms Cookie Preferences