IP Twins: domain names, brand protection & cybersecurity Skip to content Solutions Domain Names - New gTLDs Worldwide Registration & Management Domain Strategy & Consultancy Recovery & Acquisitions New gTLDs & dot Brands New TLDs launch schedule Blockchain Domain Names Brand Protection - Enforcement Monitoring & Watches Blockchain / Web3 GlobalBlock: the 1st unified blocking service Enforcement & Disputes Cybersecurity Proprietary Security Solutions DNS Services Registry Lock SSL Certificates ISO 27001 Certification Our Customers Corporates IP Law firms Branding Agencies Resources & Blog Blog NFT - News From There Domain Names Search About us Expertise Team Offices Memberships X Contact us Customer Login We protect your brand your revenue your reputation your business your customers Stay informed with our newsletter Subscribe Trusted services by IP lawyers for corporates and law firms since 2002 Created by popcornarts from the Noun Project Domain Names & ‎New gTLDs YOU are the focal point of our domain names services and can rely on a seamless, hassle-free registration, management and maintenance process. We do take the burden off your shoulders, allowing you to focus on your core business operations. Brand Protection & Enforcement ‎Cybersquatted? Counterfeited? Victims of phishing? We will partnership with you to ensure your brand is protected. From monitoring potential threats to providing actionable insights and enforcing your rights when necessary. Cybersecurity ‎ ‎Benefit from state-of-the-art security capabilities. Growing your operations and presence online increases your exposure to cyber threats. We’ve got you covered with all best practices to safeguard your online operations. Protect your brand from online counterfeiters 
and secure your digital presence. Our corporate and law firm clients value our expertise and customer oriented approach . With over two decades of experience, our mission is to offer efficient guidance and tailored services, while pampering the quality of the relationship that you are entitled to expect from IP lawyers . Learn more From the Blog The Effects of the Digital Omnibus on Trademark Protection United States: A Temporary Injunction to Combat Counterfeit LABUBU Products UDRP: 25 Years On, No Revolution but Targeted Adjustments Ahead Protecting brands from online counterfeiters and safeguarding corporate digital assets. Solutions Domain Names - New gTLDs Brand Protection & Enforcement Cybersecurity Our Customers Corporates IP Law firms Branding Agencies Resources & Blog Blog NFT - News From There Domain Names Search About Us Expertise Team Offices Memberships Contact us Copyright © 2024 IP Twins Legal Notice Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy ICANN Terms Report an abuse Data Disclosure Request Sitemap