Skip to content
Global
Product
Apps
Resources
Help
Pricing
My Account
Get Started

Holiday Sale | Up to 83% off →

cart-link
Unwrap a safer internet.
Fast VPN protection at our best winter price—from $2.19/mo.
Protect all your devices with a single account
Secure connections to Netflix, ESPN+, & more
Block phishing, scams, trackers, and malware
Get Started
Offer Ends: 24 hrs : 20 mins : 24 secs
Slide
Slide
What is IPVanish?

IPVanish is a best-in-class VPN provider with additional Secure Browser and Cloud Storage services.

IPVanish VPN offers increased connection privacy by encrypting internet traffic and shielding IP address data. IPVanish Secure Browser eliminates fingerprinting and malware threats by creating a disposable browsing session that runs in the cloud instead of a local device. Livedrive Cloud Storage, included in select IPVanish plans, securely backs up files and provides easy access from anywhere.

How a VPN works

Short for Virtual Private Network, a VPN works by establishing an encrypted connection between your device and the internet. This process relies on several crucial components:

1

VPN connection

When you initiate a VPN connection, it shifts the responsibility of your internet traffic delivery from your ISP to your VPN service provider, which uses encryption technology to bolster your online access. The best VPNs also provide state-of-the-art protocols and sought-after connection features.

2

VPN tunnel

3

VPN encryption

4

VPN server

5

IP address

Choose the best VPN plan for your needs

Whether you need a simple solution or a security suite with long-term savings, we’ve got the perfect VPN plan for you.

2-Year Plan

Yearly Plan

Monthly Plan

Essential

$2.19 /mo

Global VPN
Threat Protection
Live 24/7 Support
3GB eSIM Data
Get Essential
monthly-cart-link
Advanced

$3.29 /mo

Global VPN
Threat Protection
Live 24/7 Support
Secure Browser
1TB Cloud Storage
5GB eSIM Data
Get Advanced
monthly-cart-link
Free eSIM with IPVanish VPN

Get a bonus eSIM gift with ANY IPVanish plan – starting at just $2.19/month. 

Fast, secure mobile data in 200+ countries
No roaming fees or international charges
Instant connectivity, no SIM swaps required.
Claim the Offer

“[The] WireGuard option has electrified speeds”

“It’s now one of the fastest services we’ve tested”

“Fast enough for high-speed browsing and HD streaming”

“Placing it at the top of the list of the fastest VPNs”

Browse with unparalleled protection

New! Integrated with IPVanish for Windows & Mac

Secure Browser gives you instant, threatproof access to the web through a fully disposable browser session. Your activity is isolated in the cloud with built-in malware protection and anti-fingerprinting safeguards. Close a Secure Browser tab and everything vanishes — no history, no traces, nothing left behind.

Included with IPVanish Advanced

Experience unmatched data security

Safeguard your files and keep them easily accessible from anywhere with Livedrive Cloud Storage. Effortlessly back up 1TB of photos, documents, music, and videos, ensuring your data is protected against accidental deletion or technical mishaps. Experience peace of mind knowing your most important files are secure and always within reach.

Included with IPVanish Advanced

Use IPVanish on every device you own

Why sacrifice the protection of one device for another? We don’t meter simultaneous VPN connections or installations, so you’ll never have to choose. Install the IPVanish VPN app on every device you own to stay secure. And with our Secure Browser extension, you can use IPVanish in your browser, too.

Get Started
When and where to use a VPN

IPVanish provides a multitude of VPN benefits that are key in a variety of settings and scenarios. VPNs are commonly used to:

Connect safely to public Wi-Fi networks

When joining public Wi-Fi networks at coffee shops, public transit, airports, or hotels, your sensitive information can become vulnerable to network owners, digital eavesdroppers, and cybercriminals. Fortunately, a VPN creates an encrypted tunnel for your data to travel through, which helps shield your online activity from prying eyes. With IPVanish VPN, you can connect to public Wi-Fi networks and hotspots more confidently, knowing that your personal data and browsing history are safeguarded against unauthorized access.

Stream with added privacy and stability

Bandwidth throttling is a practice in which your Internet Service Provider monitors your network activity and slows down your internet speeds at their discretion. This ISP interference can be problematic for streaming. Not only are there privacy concerns at play, but there are also performance limitations to contend with. Thankfully, by shielding your home network activity from your ISP, IPVanish increases your digital privacy and lessens the likelihood of throttling in the process. And with dedicated streaming solutions like our Apple TV VPN app, Fire TV VPN app, and more, optimized streaming is easy with IPVanish.

Combat extreme cases of censorship

In some countries around the world, repressive governments partake in surveillance and enforce unjust restrictions and service bans, which threaten online freedom. Even in places where draconian internet regulation isn’t in place, overly aggressive firewalls and content-filtering systems can prevent access to charity, school, and social support websites and applications by mistake. But with IPVanish, you won’t be subject to this geographically imposed censorship. By altering your IP address, you can restore access to sites and services you’ve been wrongfully denied.

Simplified data protection

The best VPN apps make it easy to defend your data; IPVanish works with just one tap. Unite security and convenience through advanced settings that help protect your online activity automatically so you don’t have to remember.

Powerful internet privacy

Our anonymous IP addresses shield your internet traffic from third-party spying. Armor your Wi-Fi network connection, guard your location data, and keep your activity confidential with the best online privacy shield.

Optimized streaming speeds

Tap into one of the fastest virtual private networks in the world. Our advanced VPN technology delivers lightning-quick connection speeds, letting you stream sports, films, and television, in 4K and HD without constant buffering. 

Money-back guarantee*

Get a 100% refund within 30 days when you choose a Yearly plan or longer, no questions asked!

Get IPVanish
Live, 24/7 support

Reach us anytime via live chat and email. Advanced plan subscribers can also reach us by phone during business hours (9 am – 5 pm CT, Monday-Friday).

Contact Support
Everything you want from a VPN
Advanced Encryption

Help safeguard connections to handle personal data with end-to-end security.

Unlock Access

Connect to online content from anywhere without the risk of blocks.

Online Anonymity

Help protect the privacy of internet activity to avoid ISP tracking.

No Logs

Protect VPN usage with an independently verified no logs policy.

Unmetered Connections

Secure every device you own with no connection caps.

Innovative Technology

Power your traffic with WireGuard®, the latest advancement in VPN protocols.

Ready to get started?

Sign up today to surf the web with the protection of IPVanish.

Available on

Get IPVanish Today
Cutting-edge VPN features

Maximize your privacy and security with the best VPN features—like our Kill Switch, Threat Protection, Split Tunneling, Double Hop, and more!

See all VPN Features
Access from virtually anywhere

No matter where you are in the world, a high-speed VPN connection is available with IPVanish.

150+

VPN locations

3,200+

VPN servers

56,000+

IP addresses

Unlimited

bandwidth

View All Servers
Top-trusted protection

See why the top names in tech and thousands of customers trust IPVanish:

Expert Reviews

User Testimonials

App Store Ratings

How to get a VPN:
Step 1

Sign up for IPVanish

Pick the VPN plan that’s right for you and create an account. All IPVanish Yearly and 2-year subscriptions are backed by our 30-day money-back guarantee.

Step 2

Download the VPN app

Go to your device’s app store to download and install the VPN app. And don’t forget, you can set up IPVanish on as many devices as you own.

Step 3

Connect to a location

Open the IPVanish app, select the international server of your choice, then tap the ‘CONNECT’ button to launch your VPN connection and secure your traffic.

Get Started

All VPN plans include:

Advanced encryption

Shared IP addresses

Unmetered device connections

Verified no-logs

Multiple connection protocols

No data transfer caps

Proxy web server

24/7 customer support

150+ server locations

Secure access to media

Frequently asked questions

Need help with something? Here are our most frequently asked questions.

1. What is IPVanish?

IPVanish is a virtual private network service, also known as a VPN. A VPN tunnels your internet traffic, masks your true IP address, and shields your data from third parties, cybercriminals, and snoopers.

Without a VPN to encrypt your network traffic, sensitive personal information, and digital rights are constantly put at risk. With IPVanish, you’ll have online privacy, security, and freedom on any network, from the coffee shop to your home setup, and everywhere in between.

2. What is a VPN?
3. What is IPVanish used for?
4. How much is IPVanish?
5. How many devices can I protect with IPVanish?
6. Is IPVanish free?

Want a mobile start?

Download the mobile app on your devices and get started today!

Download IPVanish for mobile:

IPVanish

Why IPVanish
Pricing
VPN Protocols
VPN Servers
Reviews
Trust Center
Press
Special Discounts
Get IPVanish

Solutions

VPN for Streaming
Online Services
Stream Sports
Kodi VPN
Fire Stick VPN
VPN Locations
VPN Features
VPN for Travel

Security Tools

IP Checker
Link Checker
Dark Web Scanner
QR Code Checker
Password Generator
Speed Checker
Free VPN vs Paid VPN
Privacy Guides

Contact Us

Support Center
Get Help
System Status
Blog
Partners

Legal

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Export Policy
DMCA Policy
Money-Back Guarantee
Accessibility
Vulnerability Disclosure Program

Setup Guides

VPN Setup Guides
Windows VPN
macOS VPN
iOS VPN
Android VPN
Fire TV VPN
Linux VPN
Chrome OS VPN
NVIDIA SHIELD VPN

© 2019–2025 IPVanish, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. IPVanish is a registered trademark of IPVanish.

"WireGuard" is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld.

[*] Applicable to 2-Year and Yearly plans only