IPVideoTalk | Home SOLUTIONS PLANS JOIN A MEETING SIGN IN Easy-to-Use Join meetings from Chrome or Firefox browsers with 1-click, no need to download software or plugins Flexible Meetings Attend meetings on any PC, Mac, iOS and Android device. The free IPVideoTalk app can be found in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store Sharing Present and collaborate with your team by sharing computer screens to show presentations, documents, watch videos, review websites and more Advanced Features Industry-leading 1080p Full HD video resolutions for maximum quality and clarity Video Conference Up to 150 meeting participants, and 49 simultaneous video feeds The world requires more remote collaboration than ever before. Organizations of all types need a tool to keep their teams connected, efficient and productive - no matter where they are. Enter Grandstream’s IPVideoTalk Meetings, which offer
FREE and paid meeting plans that can be scaled for any organization and attended on nearly any device from any location. Scheduling a Meeting Made Easy Plan or Start a Meeting - on the user interface click on Schedule a Meeting and select the meeting type. Fill in the Meeting Information - Subject, Time zone, Start time, duration etc. Meeting Reminders - Once a meeting is scheduled the system will send an email notification to participants, and start the meeting automatically. Grandstream's GVC series are built to suit the needs of any organization. They provide easy-to-use, flexible video conferencing hardware
devices that pair with IPVideoTalk Meeting plans to create a powerful video solution. Additional Resources Why Your Video Conferencing Solution Should be Mobile Friendly If you’re looking to build or expand a video conferencing solution, it’s imperative that the platform you build is able to support mobility. Read More Increasing Productivity and Collaboration with Video Conferencing Video conferencing has become a staple for collaboration in the modern workplace, allowing for versatility in the way we work together. Read More How Face-to-Face Communication Drives Productivity Video conferencing can help bridge the gap between impersonal and personal meetings and allows for remote presentations and conversations. Read More FAQ INFORMATION About Us Privacy Policy Resources IPVideoTalk Software Version IPVideoTalk Community
Forum IPVideoTalk Resource Files Contact Helpdesk Contact Us CONNECT WITH US © 2021 Grandstream Networks, Inc. Terms of Service Corporate Headquarters: 126 Brookline Ave, 3rd Floor Boston, MA 02215