AI-Driven Programmatic Advertising for Regulated Industries - IQM VERTICALS Political Advertising Healthcare Advertising Specialty Advertising SOLUTIONS Audience Building Audience Targeting Forecasting & Planning Connected & Integrated Reporting & Measurement Service & Support PARTNERSHIPS ABOUT US Leadership Careers CONTACT BLOG LOGIN Menu Menu The Smartest Media Buying Platform for Political Healthcare Specialty Great campaigns start with better data POLITICAL Reach voters and constituents Learn More HEALTHCARE Reach physicians and consumers Learn More SPECIALTY Reach regulated audiences Learn More Safely Combining the Power of Data and Media for the Most Regulated Verticals Highly regulated industries like political, healthcare, cannabis, gaming, and more rely on IQM for intelligent media buying. Our Data Management Platform (DMP) simplifies the creation of precise audience segments that align with your target customers. By integrating your data with premium third-party sources and leveraging IQM’s advanced AI-driven insights, we connect these segments to our specialized Demand Side Platform (DSP) for efficient activation. This means smarter forecasting, better budgeting, and campaigns that deliver impactful results across screens and formats. See for yourself why IQM is the go-to programmatic advertising solution for regulated verticals. DMP Optimize Your Audience Building Easily create precise audience segments that align perfectly with your target customers with IQM’s DMP By blending your data with vertical-specific third-party sources from sectors like politics , healthcare , cannabis , and more , along with IQM’s advanced AI-driven audience engine, you can build custom audiences that are seamlessly piped into our DSP for easy activation. With these data-driven insights at your fingertips, you can continuously refine and optimize your audience segments, ensuring that your campaigns remain effective and aligned with evolving market trends. In short, audience building through our DMP empowers you to connect with your customers in a more meaningful way, driving better results for your business. IDENTITY GRAPH Identity Resolution is Critical for Effective Digital Campaigns IQM’s ID Graph provides a robust solution for advertisers looking to connect with consumers across devices The average American now has about 22 connected devices, which presents both opportunities and challenges for advertisers. To effectively engage consumers throughout their journey, it’s essential to recognize them across different channels and devices and unify their identifiers into a single profile. IQM’s ID Graph Connects Billions of Identifiers from Both Online and Offline Sources, Offering: 75 % US COVERAGE Helping our advertisers reach a wide audience 85 % ACTIVE MATCH RATE The system can accurately identify consumers 100 % PRIVACY COMPLIANT Data is scrubbed of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) 0 % COOKIE RELIANCE Makes it adaptable to changes in digital tracking methods DSP The Most Focused, Compliant and Efficient Approach for Vertical Advertising Better campaign results are driven by better data and deep vertical knowledge Don’t waste your time or energy on general DSPs that struggle to effectively place your ads. IQM is integrated with leading Supply Side Platforms (SSPs) and publishers to provide high-quality inventory across Display, Native, Audio, Video, and CTV for highly regulated verticals like Political, Healthcare, and Cannabis—at scale. Effortlessly leverage the audiences you’ve curated in our DMP to reach your target audience and plan your campaigns while ensuring compliance and brand safety standards. With real-time reporting, vertical-specific measurement solutions, and a team of industry specialists available 24/7, we help you ensure your ads are meeting your goals. What’s New October 1, 2025 IQM named Best Demand Side Technology at the 2025 AdExchanger Awards September 19, 2025 Five Lessons from Fierce Pharma Week 2025 August 19, 2025 Compliant by Design: Building a Demand Side Platform That Meets Healthcare’s Toughest Standards Celebrating our 10th Year of Advertising Excellence 30 Mins to Activate Campaigns 99 . 9 % Uptime 24 / 7 Customer Support Working with IQM allowed us to maximize reach against key constituencies, helping us win every vote possible via persuasion of modeled choice voters, and mobilization of core Democratic supporters. - Will Opperman Media Director at GPS Impact Working with IQM has not only streamlined our operations but also provided a host of targeting capabilities that have amplified our campaigns. Their hands-on collaboration and willingness to adapt to our unique needs has made them an invaluable extension of our team. - John Neurohr ClearPoint PA Previous Previous Previous Next Next Next For Customers IQM Platform Help Center LOGIN VERTICALS Political Healthcare Specialty COMPANY About Careers SOLUTIONS Audience Building Audience Targeting Forecasting & Media Planning Connected & Integrated Reporting & Optimization Service & Support PARTNERSHIPS Integrations POLICIES Privacy Policy Location Privacy Terms & Conditions Ad Choices & Opt Out Cookie Notice Do Not Sell My Info © Copyright  - IQM Scroll to top