 
 
 
 
SIGN UP
LOG IN
Home
About Us 
Cars & Tracks 
Features 
News 
Multimedia 
Membership 
eSports 
Support
Shop
 iRacing Live
The Ultimate Racing Simulation

Experience the most authentic motorsport racing game on your PC – where precision meets passion. Lifelike physics, global competition and thrilling victories await. Start your virtual racing career now!

Sign up and start racing!
New Cars, Tracks, Sim UI Widgets & more →
The Latest iRacing News
All News →
iRacing 2026 Season 1 is HERE!
December 9, 2025
iRacing Arcade FREE Demo Available Now
October 13, 2025
Cosworth and iRacing Unite to Redefine Data Analysis in Sim Racing
August 28, 2025
Introducing iRacing Studios
July 17, 2025
Drive over 170 of the world’s most exciting racecars

Our extensive collection of racecars is meticulously replicated using laser scans and data from the teams that race them in the real world every weekend. High-fidelity data offers you unparalleled racing and driving physics.

All Cars
Car Technology
Discover the Ultimate Online Racing Game

iRacing is a feature-packed & versatile racing simulator.

Official Series & Full-Season Championships

Compete for a strong finish every week, add to your season points total, and go for the championship.

All Official Series
Clean Racing & Strong Finishes Unlock Fresh Opportunities

Find competitive racing at every level with our license system, which matches drivers with similar skill levels.

Licenses & Ratings
Adapt Your Driving & Strategy to Dynamic Weather

Experience the most advanced and realistic weather system in sim racing.

Rain & Weather
Assemble Your Team For Epic Endurance & Special Events

Discover a whole suite of team racing features and compete in endurance events up to 24 hours long.

Team Racing
Special Events Calendar
Custom Leagues & Community Events

Create your own events and share with a global community of more than 300,000 sim racers.

League Racing
Hosted Events
Elevate The Immersion to New Heights

iRacing offers world-class peripheral & VR support.

Virtual Reality
Wheels & Controllers
Race over 140 laser-scanned tracks across the globe

Navigate legendary racing venues where every bank, bump, and barrier is meticulously laser-scanned with millimeter precision. Immerse yourself in the intricate details of circuits that host the world’s most iconic races—from Daytona to Suzuka, Indianapolis to Imola, they’re all within easy reach at your fingertips.

All Tracks
Track Technology
New To Sim Racing? Here’s What It Takes

Unlike many titles, iRacing doesn’t demand top-tier specs; if your system meets general gaming requirements, you’re likely good to go.

Need a PC? We’ve got you covered.
Computer

iRacing runs exclusively on windows PCs. Unfortunately we have no current plan for a console version.

System Requirements →

Steering Wheel or Controller

For the best experience, we recommend a steering wheel & pedals, but a traditional gamepad will do just fine

Wheels & Controllers →

iRacing Membership

A subscription grants full access to iRacing’s immersive world, providing all the racing experiences you desire.

Sign Up! →

The Last Racing Game You’ll Ever Buy

iRacing isn’t just a game; it’s access to a subscription-based racing simulator. For less than the cost of most streaming platforms, access a thriving community of over 300,000 sim racers globally.

Sign up and start racing!
Seasonal Updates

No need to wait for a new game release. We’re dedicated to continuous improvement through our quarterly updates of the product we all love.

Your Racing Legacy Uninterrupted

Without a “new version” to reset your progress each year, your stats and entire career remain intact, providing a seamless and enduring racing legacy.

Race On Your Terms

Life’s unpredictable, so our subscriptions are flexible. Take a quick break and reactivate your account when ready. Pick up exactly where you left off, as if no time has passed.

OFFICIAL PARTNERS:
Quick Links
Membership
Gift Cards
Live Race Broadcasts
System Requirements
Getting Started
New Racer Guide
FAQs
Data Privacy Requests
Accepted Payment Methods
Help
Cookie Settings
About iRacing
iRacing Studios
NASCAR 25
iRacing Arcade
World of Outlaws: Dirt Racing
ExoCross
Press Coverage
Contact
Logos
Business Inquiries
iRacing Commercial Software Terms
Sporting Code
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Terms of Use and EULA
Competition and Contest Rule
iRacing Broadcast Policy
Job Opportunities
Trademarks

Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.

Email*
Full name*
TERMS
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: iRacing.com, 300 Apollo Dr, Chelmsford, Massachusetts, 01824, USA https://www.iracing.com. You can revoke your consent to receive such emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link found at the bottom of every email. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. Emails are serviced by Hubspot.
Customize Cookie Settings
Performance Cookies
See More Information 
Functional Cookies
See More Information 
Marketing Cookies
See More Information 
SAVE COOKIE SETTINGS
Performance Cookies

These cookies gather data on how visitors use this website – which pages are visited most often, for example.

Google Analytics

We use analytics to determine how users use our website and look for opportunities within these datasets to improve our site design.

Functional Cookies

These cookies remember website preferences and generally improve the performance of the site for the user.

Hide SMS Form

This is an internally generated cookie that we use to hide our SMS form if our users have signed up or indicated they are not interested receiving SMS notifications. It is there to improve your site experience by saving your preferences.

Marketing Cookies

These cookies are used to provide a customized experience and can be used to provide targeted ads through advertising networks.

Adroll Pixel

We use this pixel to run digital marketing campaigns across other websites. This basically just lets us know you are interested in iRacing!

Marketing Tracking

We use this cookie to see what our users do after they click on an ad. This helps us understand how effective our marketing campaigns are in leading to product purchases.

HubSpot Tracking

This is the code that allows HubSpot to track your activity, including pages visited, CTAs clicked, forms filled, traffic sources.

Enhance Your Experience with Cookies

We use cookies to improve your site experience. Customize your cookie preferences below.

ACCEPT ALL COOKIES DECLINE ALL NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES CUSTOMIZE COOKIES
 Get texts from iRacing!

We'll let you know when exciting offers and events are happening.

Currently, SMS alerts are only available for US-based mobile numbers
Sign up for text alerts!
First Name *Required
Min 2 characters
Last Name *Required
Min 2 characters
Phone Number *Required
Valid Phone Number Required
 Opt-in to text notifications about events.
 Opt-in to text notifications about deals.

 I have read and agreed to the Terms of Service

Sign me up!
 
 
 
 

Copyright © 2025 iRacing.com Motorsport Simulations, LLC. All Rights Reserved.