Ireland’s official holiday and travel guide | Ireland.com Skip to main content Community MyIreland My Account Sign in Destinations Plan your trip Help and advice My Ireland My Board My Account Sign in Haven't got an account? Sign Up I understand that by signing up, I will receive personalised email content based on my use of Tourism Ireland’s website, emails and Tourism Ireland’s advertising on other websites, cookies and tracking pixels. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking 'unsubscribe' in our emails. Find our more information on "How we handle your personal data" in our privacy policy. Community Main menu Destinations Where to go? One amazing island. Six unique regions. Mix and match for your perfect holiday. More to explore Belfast Dublin Ireland's Hidden Heartlands Ireland's Ancient East Northern Ireland Wild Atlantic Way Places you'll love Brú na Bóinne Cliffs of Moher Titanic Belfast Main menu Plan your trip Getting here With so many air and ferry routes to choose from, Ireland is accessible no matter where you are in the world. Flights & ferries Main menu Help and advice Need to know Questions on visas? Wondering about weather? We've got you covered. Your ultimate Ireland guide Travelling to Ireland Customs and borders Visas and passports Essentials Your travel checklist Money Emergency Health information and COVID-19 update When you're here Like How to travel sustainably in Ireland Like Ireland’s weather My Ireland Things to do Trip Ideas Discover Belfast Dublin 12 days 1038 km All around Ireland Only have 12 days? Take to the roads less travelled and discover the real Ireland. Trip idea 4 days 302 km Bays and beaches in Mayo and Galway Discover the place where land and water collide... Trip Idea 3 days 11 km Belfast in 72 hours A thriving culture scene, rich history and great restaurants – fall in love with Belfast. Belfast Trip idea 3 min read On location – Star Wars: The Last Jedi Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley and other cast members visited Ireland's unique filming location... Article Sign in Sign up My Ireland Sign in Sign up Terms of use | Privacy Policy Go to My Ireland For you My Board logo-mini Are you sure you want to sure you want to leave the feed? Stay Leave Oops... something went wrong! My Ireland Looking for inspiration? Planning a trip? Or just want to scroll yourself happy? We'll show you an Ireland that's tailor-made for you. #AmazingLandscapes #CultureandHeritage #Outdoor activities #Historic landmarks Oops, no internet connection While offline, you can still add items to ‘My Board’. New travel reccomendations will only show up once you’re back online. See what Ireland has in store for you Oops, no internet connection While offline, you can still add items to ‘My Board’. New travel reccomendations will only show up once you’re back online. My Board Back Tell me more View on map Items without a physical location are not shown in map view. Share your board Looks like your board is empty Look out for the little heart icon around Ireland.com, simply tap the icon to start adding items to your board! Board settings Board name Collection cover image Visible to people you share your board with No image Save Share Board Share a link to your ‘My Ireland’ board and inspire friends, co-travellers and family. Only you can add or remove items from your board. My Board Copy link to clipboard Share Board Back Sign in Sign up Forgot your password? Create an account? Access My Ireland across all of your devices by logging in. Log in Register Sign up Not got an account? Terms of use | Privacy Policy Login Got an account? Location access Enable location access to get tailored travel tips for your current location. Your location is only used to show reccomendations. View offers and deals nearby you Get travel inspiration based on your location Local weather warnings and useful travel information Enable location access Location access has been enabled. You can disable location access in the website settings of Ireland.com in your browser Enable location access Location access on iOS 1 Open the website settings for this website in your browser 2 Select Location settings 3 Choose “Allow 1 Open the My Ireland website 2 Select the Icon below 3 Select “Website Settings 4 Change “Location” to “Allow” Notifications Enable Notifications to get useful travel updates during your trip! Enable notifications Notifications have been enabled. You can disable notifications in the website settings of Ireland.com in your browser Travel times Tell us when you are going to be travelling Ireland, and we will show you tailored reccomendations for the duration of your trip. Tips for events happening during your stay Helpful travel reminders and updates Trip start date Trip end date Save You have unsaved changes. Save before leaving? Don't Save Save Changes saved Privacy We take your privacy very serious and only ever process your data with your persmission. If possible this is handled anonymously and we will never store your data for longer than is required. For more information on how we handle your personal data please read our Privacy Policy. Update cookie preference Remove Data To securely remove all data associated with your profile please contact our Data Protection Officer. dpo@tourismireland.com Reset your Board This will remove all the items you have previously liked from your board. Please note, you can’t undo this action. Reset Board Are you sure you want to delete your account? This will completely remove and delete your account and all associated data permanently. This cannot be undone. No, Please keep my data Yes, Delete my data User Created date 21 November 2025 Logout My Profile My Trip My details Your credentials to log in to your account across devices. Your first and last name will be visible to people you share a board with. First name Last name Email address To change your email address please get in touch Password Reset password Please check your email for a link to reset your password. Save Details saved! Thank you! Sorry we've encountered an issue. Please try again later. Privacy We take your privacy very serious and only ever process your data with your persmission. If possible this is handled anonymously and we will never store your data for longer than is required. For more information on how we handle your personal data please read our Privacy Policy. Update cookie preference Delete account Sorry you’re leaving. But you gotta do what you gotta do. Just a reminder, if you delete your account, you won’t be able to post in Community. And it’s permanent so you can’t “undo” it in the future. Delete account Delete your account Sorry you’re leaving. But you gotta do what you gotta do. Just a reminder, if you delete your account, you won’t be able to post in Community. And it’s permanent so you can’t “undo” it in future. No. Keep my account Yes. Delete my account Location access Enable location access to get tailored travel tips for your current location. Your location is only used to show reccomendations. View offers and deals nearby you Get travel inspiration based on your location Local weather warnings and useful travel information Enable location access Location access has been enabled. You can disable location access in the website settings of Ireland.com in your browser Enable location access Location access on iOS 1 Open the website settings for this website in your browser 2 Select Location settings 3 Choose “Allow 1 Open the My Ireland website 2 Select the Icon below 3 Select “Website Settings 4 Change “Location” to “Allow” Notifications Enable Notifications to get useful travel updates during your trip! Enable notifications Notifications have been enabled. You can disable notifications in the website settings of Ireland.com in your browser Travel times Tell us when you are going to be travelling Ireland, and we will show you tailored reccomendations for the duration of your trip. Tips for events happening during your stay Helpful travel reminders and updates Trip start date Trip end date Save You have unsaved changes. Save before leaving? Don't Save Save Changes saved Reset your Board This will remove all the items you have previously liked from your board. Please note, you can’t undo this action. Reset Board Are you sure you want to delete your account? This will completely remove and delete your account and all associated data permanently. This cannot be undone. No, Please keep my data Yes, Delete my data Save to My Board Ireland.com Official website of Tourism Ireland for visitors to the island of Ireland. Home Discover ancient Ireland Delve into the past at Brú na Bóinne Find out more Titanic Belfast Don't miss this  award-winning visitor attraction Read on Cliffs of Moher Ireland's iconic cliffs are a natural wonder Show me Sustainable Ireland How to make your Ireland trip more sustainable Plan your trip Looking for inspiration? Ireland is a city break, adventure holiday and detoxing retreat all wrapped up in an epic road trip. Just mix and match for your perfect holiday. Wild Atlantic Way Northern Ireland Dublin Ireland's Ancient East Belfast Ireland's Hidden Heartlands Soaring cliffs, buzzing little towns and a way of life forever inspired by the sea, that's what you'll find on the world’s longest defined coastal touring route. Start your journey Amazing cliff-walks, Game of Thrones® adventures, Titanic attractions – let Northern Ireland stir your soul. Embrace a Giant Spirit A UNESCO City of Literature, a historic powerhouse and a super-cool capital that’s been named Europe’s friendliest city twice by TripAdvisor. Discover Dublin Did you know that there are over 5,000 years of history hidden amidst these lush landscapes, winding rivers and glorious gardens? Uncover thrilling tales Cutting-edge food, traditional pubs and incredible Titanic history take Belfast to the next level – welcome to one of Ireland's most exciting cities. Experience Belfast With charming riverside towns and villages, majestic forests and sparkling waterways, Ireland’s Hidden Heartlands is slow-travel perfection. Go with the flow Ireland: need to know Visas and passports Here's what you need to know about Ireland’s visa and passport requirements. Customs and borders Learn about Ireland's customs and border regulations, duty-free allowances and more. Money Cash or credit? However you like to pay, it's easy to manage your money in Ireland. Health information and COVID-19 update The essential medical information you will need before travelling in Ireland. Thinking of a trip to Ireland? Getting here Ireland from the air – what's not to love?  We can help you find the perfect flight or ferry route for your Ireland trip. Travelling to Ireland Ireland's weather Seasons, climate, what to pack and how to make the most of our gloriously unpredictably weather. Get the forecast! Sustainable Ireland From accommodation to activities, find out how to explore our beautiful island in a more sustainable way. Go green in Ireland The essentials Privacy Centre and policies About Tourism Ireland Cookie Settings Got questions? Ask our Community Select a country Find your country Our other sites Corporate Industry Opportunities Business tourism Press Centre Connect with Ireland © Tourism Ireland 2024