 Ireland rail travel information - Iarnród Éireann - Irish Rail Skip to main content Christmas and New Year rail services, including late night DART and Commuter Service amendments will be in place on New Year's Eve across all routes. Please check our Journey Planner prior to travel. Close Go to the transportforireland.ie homepage (opens in a new tab) Go to the transportforireland.ie homepage (opens in a new tab) My Booking Login EN English Gaeilge Search Open Search EN English Gaeilge Open Search Timetables and Routes Tickets and Fares Station Info On the Train Support My Booking Login Back Live Trains Live Departures Live Arrivals Timetables PDF Timetables by Route PDF Timetables by Station Routes Ireland Rail Map Ireland Live Map Dublin Rail Map DART Live Map Commuter Live Map Cork Rail Map Back Buying Tickets How to buy tickets online Free travel pass and valid ticket holders Amending and cancelling tickets Guide to QR Tickets Collecting reserved tickets Online Tickets Terms and Conditions Plan Journey Ticket Types Online Tickets Season Tickets Tourist Tickets Leap Cards Buy a ticket Fares Route Fare Calculators Family Fares Young Adults and Student Fares Group Fares Special Offers Back Station Information Find a Station Car Parking Bicycle Information Luggage Information Accessible Travel Accessibility On-board Alerts for Lifts and Escalators Accessibility Policies Disability Assistance and Feedback Tourist Information Travel Ireland by Rail The Royal Canal Greenway Route Dublin Airport Express SailRail InterRail Railtours Tourist Tickets Back On the Train Catering On-board Accessibility On-board Wi-Fi and Power On-board Luggage On-board Pets On-board Bicycles On-board First Class Travel Back Help Frequently Asked Questions Find a Station Pay Fines Contact Us Contact Us Customer Care (opens in a new tab) Emergency Contact Details Disability Assistance and Feedback Report Website or App Issues Lost and Found Report a Lift or Escalator Issue Timetables and Routes Live Trains Live Departures Live Arrivals Timetables PDF Timetables by Route PDF Timetables by Station Routes Ireland Rail Map Ireland Live Map Dublin Rail Map DART Live Map Commuter Live Map Cork Rail Map Tickets and Fares Buying Tickets How to buy tickets online Free travel pass and valid ticket holders Amending and cancelling tickets Guide to QR Tickets Collecting reserved tickets Online Tickets Terms and Conditions Plan Journey Ticket Types Online Tickets Season Tickets Tourist Tickets Leap Cards Buy a ticket Fares Route Fare Calculators Family Fares Young Adults and Student Fares Group Fares Special Offers Station Info Station Information Find a Station Car Parking Bicycle Information Luggage Information Accessible Travel Accessibility On-board Alerts for Lifts and Escalators Accessibility Policies Disability Assistance and Feedback Tourist Information Travel Ireland by Rail The Royal Canal Greenway Route Dublin Airport Express SailRail InterRail Railtours Tourist Tickets On the Train On the Train Catering On-board Accessibility On-board Wi-Fi and Power On-board Luggage On-board Pets On-board Bicycles On-board First Class Travel Support Help Frequently Asked Questions Find a Station Pay Fines Contact Us Contact Us Customer Care (opens in a new tab) Emergency Contact Details Disability Assistance and Feedback Report Website or App Issues Lost and Found Report a Lift or Escalator Issue Find Times and Buy Tickets Irish Rail Journey Planner, Please fill this form and submit to find train times and tickets Destination From *required Departure station To *required Arrival station Switch Departure and Arrival stations Type Use arrow keys on the keyboard to navigate through the type group Type: Single Type: Return Date Outbound Date (dd.mm.yyyy) Select an outbound date Select outbound date dialog Close Outbound Date (dd.mm.yyyy) Return Date (dd.mm.yyyy) Select a return date Time Now All Day Before 10AM 9AM to 3PM 2PM to 8PM 6PM to 12AM Outbound Time Now All Day Before 10AM 9AM to 3PM 2PM to 8PM 6PM to 12AM Return Time Passenger Passenger 1 Passenger Open Passenger Modal< Select passengers users dialog Close Passenger Adult - + Child (5 - 18 years) Children under 5 travel for free. Please select ‘Reservation Only’ for children under 5 - + Young Adult / Students 19 - 25 Years / Full Time(Valid ID Required) - + Free Travel Pass Option for Public Service Card Holders and Companion Passengers - + Reservation Only For passengers with a valid ticket or children under 5 - + Passengers Information Close Reservation Only Who is eligible for this ticket? Customers in possession of a valid open class ticket What are the conditions of travel? Customers who are already in possession of or purchasing on the day of travel a valid standard class ticket(s) such as Family Ticket, Day Return, Open Return, Weekly, Monthly, Annual or InterRail ticket can book on their chosen service by selecting the 'Reservation Only' option in the Passenger selection box. Customers are advised there is limited availability for seat only bookings online. How do I buy this ticket? Read our FAQ on how to book a seat only reservation . Where can I buy this ticket? You can purchase the ticket above using our journey planner . Tickets can only be purchased up to 90 days in advance. Where do I collect the ticket? See our Ticket Collection section. Free Travel Pass Who is eligible for this ticket? Free Travel/DSFA Pass Holders What are the conditions of travel? Customers who hold a Free Travel / DSFA Pass can book on their chosen service by selecting the 'Free Travel Pass' option in the Passenger selection box. Customers are advised there is limited availability for Free Travel bookings online. How do I buy this ticket? Please see our handy guide on how to book a 'Free Travel Pass' option . Where can I buy this ticket? You can purchase the ticket above using our Journey Planner . Tickets can only be purchased up to 90 days in advance. An allocation of bookings on all InterCity services can be reserved online without a fee for 'Free Travel Pass or valid ticket holders'. When this allocation is fully booked, all remaining seats can be reserved by 'Free Travel Pass or valid ticket holders' for €2.50 per journey. Where do I collect the ticket? See our Ticket Collection section. Adults information Close Adult Who is eligible for this ticket? Adults (19 years of age and older) What are the conditions of travel? Subject to the fare purchased ie Low, Semi Flexible, Flexible, First Class Where can I buy this ticket? You can purchase the ticket by clicking ' Buy Now ' below. Tickets can only be purchased up to 90 days in advance. Where do I collect the ticket? Collect at Ticket Machine - customers must collect their ticket(s) before boarding from a Ticket Vending Machine at any Iarnród Éireann station (within the Republic of Ireland) Download QR Ticket(s) - QR Tickets are provided in PDF format or can be added to the wallet app on your Apple device. More information on saving QR Tickets to your Apple device can be found on our Guide to QR Tickets. Children information Close Child (5 - 18 years) Who is eligible for this ticket? Customers under 19 years of age What are the conditions of travel? Where there is doubt regarding the age qualification, it is the responsibility of the passenger or their guardian or parent to produce satisfactory evidence of age when requested by any Iarnród Éireann staff member. Amendments and cancellations are subject to the fare purchased ie Low, Semi Flexible, Flexible, First Class. Children under 5 years travel free in standard class on any Iarnród Éireann services when accompanied by a passenger holding a valid ticket, provided children do not occupy seats required for paying passengers. Failure to produce a valid ticket, appropriate ID or surcharge where necessary will result in a fine of €100 together with the relevant unpaid fare. *Children aged 5 to 8 can now travel free on Transport for Ireland (TFI) services with a Child (5-8) TFI Leap Card . For more information and to apply, please visit the Leap Card website . Where can I buy this ticket? You can purchase the ticket by clicking ' Buy Now ' below. Tickets can only be purchased up to 90 days in advance Those who wish to book a seat on reservable trains for a child under five years of age, may do so only by selecting the 'Free Travel Pass or Valid Ticket' option on the Journey Planner. Where do I collect the ticket? Collect at Ticket Machine - customers must collect their ticket(s) before boarding from a Ticket Vending Machine at any Iarnród Éireann station (within the Republic of Ireland) Download QR Ticket(s) - QR Tickets are provided in PDF format or can be added to the wallet app on your Apple device. More information on saving QR Tickets to your Apple device can be found on our Guide to QR Tickets. Students information Close Young Adult / Students Who is eligible for this ticket? Young Adults (19-25 years) and Students in full time education What are the conditions of travel? Customers must be in possession of a  TFI Young Adult (19-25 years) Leap Card or a TFI Student Leap Card to avail of student discounted tickets Individual third level institution cards or ISIC cards are no longer accepted as valid forms of ID Amendments and cancellations are subject to the fare purchased ie Low, Semi Flexible, Flexible, First Class Failure to produce a valid ticket, appropriate valid ID or surcharge where necessary will result in a fine and the relevant unpaid fare. For more information go to our Young Adult (19-25 years) / S tudent section . Where can I buy this ticket? You can purchase the ticket by clicking ' Buy Now ' below. Tickets can only be purchased up to 90 days in advance. Where do I collect the ticket? Collect at Ticket Machine - customers must collect their ticket(s) before boarding from a Ticket Vending Machine at any Iarnród Éireann station (within the Republic of Ireland) Download QR Ticket(s) - QR Tickets are provided in PDF format or can be added to the wallet app on your Apple device. More information on saving QR Tickets to your Apple device can be found on our Guide to QR Tickets. Apply At least 1 passenger is required For more information on Online Tickets please see Ticket Information (opens in a new tab) Preferences Wheelchair Information Select wheelchair users dialog Close Wheelchair Information There are a limited number of wheelchair accessible spaces on each train, book in advance to avoid disappointment. Adult wheelchair space 19+ years - + Child wheelchair space 5-18 years - + Young Adult / Students wheelchair space - + Free Travel Pass wheelchair space - + Reservation Only wheelchair space - + Cancel Update passenger-seat icon Travel Pass or Travel Ticket holder Travel Pass or Valid Ticket holder dialog Close Dialog Travel Pass or Valid Ticket holder Is an option for customers who are in possession of Free Travel Pass, a valid standard class ticket(s), seasonal ticket(s), Taxsaver ticket(s) or InterRail to book onto a train in standard class. Customers who have a valid standard class ticket but wish to upgrade to First Class should also use this selection. For more information go to Tickets Explained (opens in a new tab) section. Please select the passenger(s) who require this ticket type Remove All Select All Continue Bike Space Go Submitting the form, please wait Live Trains Enter a station Go Service Updates Prev Next Christmas and New Year rail services, including late night DART and Commuter Galway Ceannt Station Car Park Revised timetable from Sunday 14th December Full Waterford services resume following first phase of flood prevention works Upcoming Line Improvement Works Pre-booking Free Travel Free Travel Pass or Valid Ticket A 'Free Travel Pass or valid ticket' allows customers who hold a travel pass to book online Read more About Pre-booking Free Travel Late Night services and Train travel over the Christmas holidays Plan your travel over the holiday period Train services over the Christmas and New Year holidays will operate with some amendments and alterations Read more About Late Night services and Train travel over the Christmas holidays Get on board with Low Fares Book Now With frequent services connecting cities and towns and low fares on all routes, there’s never been a better time to leave the car at home and take the train for your next adventure! Read more About Get on board with Low Fares See more offers twitter Blog Icon News & Services Updates Third order for new DART carriages placed Christmas and New Year rail services, including late night DART and Commuter Accessibility Upgrade Complete at Maynooth Station Iarnród Éireann Night-time Track Works All News All Service Updates Please sign into X to see our latest posts Posts by @IrishRail We were unable to load the X API. Please check back again. All Posts (opens in a new tab) Please accept marketing-cookies to see tweets. Footer Navigation About Career Opportunities Company Info Customer Charter Fleet Freight Group Property Infrastructure Network Statement Projects and Investment Safety and Security Services Train Performance Support Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Disability Feedback and Assistance Stay up to date News Follow us Facebook YouTube Instagram About Career Opportunities Company Info Customer Charter Fleet Freight Group Property Infrastructure Network Statement Projects and Investment Safety and Security Services Train Performance Support Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Disability Feedback and Assistance Stay up to date News Follow us Facebook YouTube Instagram (opens in a new tab) (opens in a new tab) Legal Privacy and Cookie Policy Web Accessibility Website by All Human (opens in a new tab) , Hacon (opens in a new tab) and Sqills (opens in a new tab) © Iarnród Éireann 2026 Top