Home - Iscte - University Institute of Lisbon Skip to main content Admissions Academic Information Campus Life PT | EN PT Study International Research Agenda Iscte Admissions Academic Information Campus Life Study Undergraduate Masters PhD Post-Grad and Executive Masters Short term programmes Soft Skills Lab Curricular Courses Applications International Why Iscte? Living in Lisbon International students Erasmus+ Programme Erasmus Mundus Masters Exchange Internship abroad International cooperation News Opportunities Research Research at Iscte ERC Grants Research Units Open Research Publications and Publishers Observatories Laboratories Research Support HR Excellence in Research Agenda News Theses Defenses Iscte About us Organization Schools Quality Sustainability Strategic Projects Institutional Documents PIONEER Alliance Generic Persons Documents Generic Persons Documents Search Home Research Lisbon hosts world's largest Multicore Fibre (MCF) terrestrial testbed Lisbon hosts world's largest Multicore Fibre (MCF) terr... Research Iscte researcher wins ERC Starting Grant to propose new housing models with form... Iscte researcher wins ERC Starting Grant to propose new... Research Science that is shaping our future, today: ERC Grants Science that is shaping our future, today: ERC Grants Institutional Iscte is a member of the European University PIONEER Alliance Iscte is a member of the European University PIONEER Al... Previous Next Research Lisbon hosts world's largest Multicore Fibre (MCF) terrestrial testbed Lisbon hosts world's largest Multicore Fibre (MCF) terr... Research Iscte researcher wins ERC Starting Grant to propose new housing models with form... Iscte researcher wins ERC Starting Grant to propose new... Research Science that is shaping our future, today: ERC Grants Science that is shaping our future, today: ERC Grants Institutional Iscte is a member of the European University PIONEER Alliance Iscte is a member of the European University PIONEER Al... What we do Research Transforming cities Transforming cities Research Social economy in rural areas Social economy in rural areas Research New forms of labor exploitatio... New forms of labor exploitation News News –
        International Erasmus Mundus Meet & Connect Erasmus Mundus Meet & Connect News –
        Research Iscte featured in the 2025 Int... Iscte featured in the 2025 Interdisciplinary Science Ranking News –
        International Iscte at the Canadian Bureau f... Iscte at the Canadian Bureau for International Education 2025 Con... News –
        Institutional Iscte – Holiday Schedule Iscte – Holiday Schedule Key Facts Community 14675 Students Internationalization 450 Cooperation Agreements with Foreign Universities Employability 98 % Employability Average, undergraduate, masters, PhD (2021-22) Alumni Community 65000 Alumni students connected through a global network About Iscte About us Organization Quality Campus Study Undergraduate Masters PhD Post-Grad & Executive Masters Short-term programmes Schools and Departments School of Social Sciences School of Sociology and Public Policy School of Technology and Architecture Iscte Business School School of Applied Digital Technologies (Iscte-Sintra) Departments Research Research Units Scientific Journals and Publishers Observatories Research Support HR Excellence in Research international Why Iscte? Why Lisbon? International students Mobility students International cooperation Resources Library Ciência-IUL portal E-learning Fenix Divisions Institutional Repository Office 365 Back to top Cookies warning This website uses cookies and other navigation technologies to ensure a pack of useful features. The inhibition, from the user, of the use of cookies, can represent an obstacle to navigation and correct interaction with website features. By using the website, the user consents the use of these technologies. Accept all cookies Know more Configure cookies Cookies warning This website uses cookies and other navigation technologies... Cookies warning This website uses cookies and other navigation technologies to ensure a pack of useful features. The inhibition, from the user, of the use of cookies, can represent an obstacle to navigation and correct interaction with website features. By using the website, the user consents the use of these technologies. Accept all cookies Know more Configure cookies Iscte – Instituto Universitário de Lisboa Avenida das Forças Armadas, 1649-026 Lisboa Tel.: +351 217 903 000 geral@iscte.pt Contact us Follow us Cookies warning Terms of use and privacy warning Compliments, Suggestions and Complaints Reporting channel Creditations Funding Configuração de privacidade de cookies Rejeitar cookies não essenciais Apenas os cookies funcionais serão usados. Sem estes cookies não é possível garantir todas as funcionalidades do site Aceitar todos os cookies Todos os cookies serão usados, tanto os funcionais como os analíticos. Os cookies analíticos permitem fazer uma análise dos dados, para melhorar a resposta e desempenho do site Guardar Fechar