Islands.com | Expert Travel Info & Tips: From Islands, to Mountains, & Everything In Between Destinations Canada United States Mexico Central & South America Caribbean & Bahamas Europe Asia South Pacific Africa Travel Guides Hotels & Resorts Air Travel Travel Gear Budget Friendly Romantic Getaways Family Friendly Beaches Islands Tropical Vacations Arts & Culture Tips & Hacks Dining Festivals Nightlife Theme Parks Cruises Outdoor Adventure National & State Parks Hiking Camping Water Sports News Deals Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2026 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Islands.com | Expert Travel Info & Tips: From Islands, to Mountains, & Everything In Between Destinations Travel Guides Cruises Outdoor Adventure News Features Newsletter Myrtle Beach, South Carolina By Madeleine Bee Myrtle Beach's Entertainment Hub Is A Lake Lined With Vibrant, Connected Villages And Coney Island Vibes This Myrtle Beach destination attracts millions of visitors every year with its amusement park rides, distinct "villages," and lake activities. Read More Travel Gear By Atika Shubert Say Goodbye To Airport 'Juice Jacking' With An Affordable Gadget You Can Buy On Amazon Using public charging stations at the airport can put your personal data at risk, but one simple travel gadget offers an easy way to stay protected. Read More New York By Amber Nolan New York's Walkable, Artsy Neighborhood Near Downtown Buffalo Is A Charming Escape With Shops Buffalo, New York, is experiencing its own renaissance, which can be especially seen in this walkable, charming neighborhood full of cute shops and local art. Read More Asia By Kala Barba-Court The 5 Best Affordable Cities To Retire In Asia There are many places in Asia that make for beautiful but affordable retirement destinations. Luckily, we've narrowed down the five best budget-friendly spots. Read More More Stories National and State Parks By Stephen Hanson 46 min ago 5 Best US National Parks To Visit This Winter For Hiking, According To Reviews According to hiker reviews, these five national parks offer the best winter hiking, from desert canyons to snow-covered peaks and frozen geothermal landscapes. Read More Ohio By Anahid Akkam 3 hours ago Sandwiched Between Columbus And Cleveland Is Ohio's Laid-Back Village With Nearby Camping, Golf, And Lake Fun A peaceful Ohio village tucked between two major cities features rustic camping, lake recreation, golf courses, and easy access to state parks. Read More Las Vegas, Nevada By Rebecca High 7 hours ago This 24/7 Seafood Counter Inside A Casino Might Be The Best In Las Vegas It might not look like much, especially considering the glitz and glamour of Sin City, but don't be fooled -- this mouthwatering spot is worth the wait in line. Read More Arizona By Kelley Dukat 9 hours ago The Arizona Town That Inspired Radiator Springs Is An Americana Gem With Movie Landmarks Radiator Springs may not exist outside the world of the "Cars" movie, but in Seligman, Arizona you can get pretty close. Discover the origins of Route 66! Read More National and State Parks By Robert Isenberg 10 hours ago Why Foreign-Made Goods Could Soon Be Banned From National Park Stores Many products in NPS gift shops are made abroad; however, that all might be about to change with a new law to ban foreign-made goods in U.S. national parks. Read More Arkansas By Olivia Typaldos 11 hours ago These Trendy, Walkable Arkansas Neighborhoods With Local Eats And Coffee Shops Are The 'Heart Of Little Rock' Park your car and enjoy these Little Rock neighborhoods on foot so you won't miss any of the trendy cafés, shops, and coffee houses the area has to offer. Read More Milwaukee, Wisconsin By Ben M Stower 12 hours ago 5 Things To Do In Milwaukee For A Family-Friendly Winter Adventure Not every vacation has to take place over the summer. Some destinations, including Milwaukee, are just as fun during winter, especially for families. Read More Budget Friendly By Patrick Culhane 13 hours ago Affordable U.S. Retirement Spots Surrounded By Majestic Mountains To Stretch Your Social Security A growing number of retirees are dreaming of beautiful mountain towns to spend their golden years. Luckily, some are also very affordable too. Read More National and State Parks By Eva Johnstone 14 hours ago Seniors Can Grab This Wildly Affordable National Park Pass Years Before Full Retirement Age If you love the U.S. national parks and are a citizen or permanent resident almost at retirement age, make sure to grab this affordable national park pass. Read More News By Jenna Kelley 19 hours ago How Common Is Phone Theft At TSA Screening Checkpoints? The Data Is Upsetting Airport security lines are hectic, rushed, and distracting — and that chaos may explain why so many travelers’ phones quietly go missing before flights. Read More Fort Lauderdale, Florida By Bridget Gleeson 21 hours ago One Of Fort Lauderdale's Oldest Neighborhoods Is A Prime Spot To Live In With Calm Vibes Steps From Downtown Situated on the east coast of Florida sits a cozy, calming, historical spot that brings people from miles away to walk along the popular Riverwalk. Read More Tips and Hacks By Jenna Kelley 21 hours ago The Easy DIY Camping Tip To Waterproof Your Backpack Waterproofing your backpack before a camping trip can be an expensive prospect, but there's a way you can waterproof it easily and on a budget. Read More Illinois By Neha Maheshwari 22 hours ago Sandwiched Between Rockford And Chicago Is An Affluent Suburb With Impressive Parks And Upscale Shops Less than an hour away from Chicago, this upscale suburb is a peaceful escape from the city that offers luxurious restaurants and pristine outdoor spaces. Read More National and State Parks By Lucie Grace 22 hours ago This One-Of-A-Kind National Park Hidden In Cambodia Offers Ancient Temples And A Famous Movie Waterfall Cambodia has so much to offer, but if you're limited on time, you should check out this national park. It's perfect for seeing ancient temples and waterfalls. Read More Texas By Audrey Simons 23 hours ago Texas' Top Travel Destination For 2026 Is An Under-The-Radar Neo-Western City Full Of Frontier Charm Often overlooked, this Texas city is gaining attention as a neo-Western destination with rich history, affordable stays, museums, and outdoor adventures. Read More Tips and Hacks By Jen Theriault 23 hours ago The Simple Accessory Rick Steves Recommends Packing To Easily Elevate Any Outfit Narrowing down your travel wardrobe staples can be tricky, but according to Rick Steves, this one small accessory can make any outfit more stylish. Read More California By Anahid Akkam 1 day ago East Of Los Angeles Is A Recreation Haven To Camp, Hike, And Boat In Diverse Landscapes A SoCal recreation haven east of LA invites you to camp under the stars, explore rugged paths, cool off in mountain-ringed waters, and reconnect with nature. Read More Washington By Rebecca Frankel 1 day ago Washington's Best-Kept Secret Is A City Full Of Foodie Favorites And Outdoor Fun Near Seattle Home to food trails and neighborhood restaurants, along with biking paths and lakeside parks, this Washington city is just short drive south of Seattle. Read More Hiking By Jack Clayton 1 day ago This Glorious Mountaintop Trail Has Been Hailed As Oregon's 'Best-Kept Secret' Head off the beaten trail and visit this well-kept secret in Oregon for some of the best mountaintop views and a challenging trek for even the best hikers. Read More Houston, Texas By Danny Wiser 1 day ago Houston's 'Revitalized Gem' Is A Downtown District With Boutiques, Eateries, And Galleries With so many neighborhoods and scenes, Houston is home to a wealth of artistic communities and atmospheres. This downtown district is as dynamic as any in town. Read More United States By Robert Isenberg 1 day ago These 5 Personality Traits Make You Just Like A New Englander New Englanders typically don't like being lumped together, but they do share some personality traits across the states. How New England-y are you? Read More Mississippi By Chris Tharp 1 day ago Nestled On Mississippi's Gulf Coast Is A Charming City With Small-Town Vibes And Outdoor Adventures Mississippi's Gulf Coast is home to many charming destinations, and this delightful spot has everything from alligators and adventures to food, food, and food. Read More New York By Jessica Stewart 1 day ago New York's Rustic Finger Lakes Resort Is An Idyllic Escape With A Spa And Farm-To-Table Dining Opened in 2025, this contemporary yet rustic resort in the Finger Lakes region boasts spa services, pools, farm-fresh food, and other amenities. Read More News By Marta Benigni 1 day ago This Island In Europe Just Ranked No. 1 For Hiking (And It's Loaded With Scenic Trails) Outdoor adventure travelers should lace up their boots and head to this European island with so many scenic trails it was just ranked No. 1 for hiking. Read More United States By Robert Isenberg 1 day ago 5 Of America's Most Diverse Cities Are Vibrant Destinations Travelers Will Love Diversity can bring in new cultures, foods, and fun. If you're looking to travel to some of the most diverse cities in America, take a look at this list. Read More Alabama By Jack Clayton 1 day ago Alabama's Picturesque Lakeside Escape Is A Fishing Paradise With Swimming And Boating Fun This sprawling lake in Alabama is an excellent spot to go fishing, as it's a reliable place to catch bass and is close to several great campgrounds and hotels. Read More News By Kirtana Menon 1 day ago The Swinging 70s Vibes Live On At Colorado's Grooviest New Ski Resort If you miss the vibe of ski culture in the 1970s, don't despair! A resort nestled in Colorado's Winter Park is offering up all the groovy amenities and themes. Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2026 Static Media ® Islands.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.