ISPO RAI, Amsterdam 03. – 05. NOV. 2026 Main Menu Home About About Us What's New History Awards Awards Winners Brands and Partners 2025 Exhibitors News FAQs Visit Who Should Attend Why Visit What's On ISPO Leaders Summit Speakers Travel & Accommodation FAQs Exhibit Who Should Exhibit 2025 Exhibitors Apply to Exhibit Floorplan Request a call Sponsor Beyond the Booth Opportunities & Packages Request a call News Contact Get in touch Meet the Team Subscribe to our ISPO Newsletter Request a call Search Register Interest Search Featured links Register What's new History Awards News FAQs A new era for 2026 3-5 NOVEMBER 2026 AMSTERDAM,  RAI All participation opportunities Secure your ticket now Slide 1 ISPO unites the sporting and outdoor goods industry - inspiring global movement, protecting the places we play and providing a single, streamlined platform for growth, investment and connection. In the new era of ISPO, we are proud to maintain the legacy of this respected and established event while continuing to serve and strengthen the industry. Together we will take that legacy forward by uniting brands, associations, athletes, influencers, and media while increasing participation, protecting the places we play and inspiring the future of sports and outdoor adventure. Find out more The International Trade Fair for Sporting Goods and Sportswear Our Speakers Meet all our speakers A diverse line-up of athletes and industry experts ready to talk all things performance, nutrition and more. Andy Rubin Andy Rubin Deputy Chair Pentland Group Lindsey Vonn Lindsey Vonn Olympic Gold Alpine Ski Racer Jimmy Chin Jimmy Chin Filmmaker and Mountaineer Entrepreneur/Athlete Tom Foley Tom Foley CEO INTERSPORT International Corporation Laura Mcallister Laura Mcallister Vice President UEFA John Lacy John Lacy CEO Burton Snowboards Pia Heidenmark Cook Pia Heidenmark Cook Former Group Chief Sustainability Officer Ingka/IKEA Hap Klopp Hap Klopp Founder The North Face You make the difference. Together, we can make sports even bigger. ISPO is the flagship event of the global sports industry, a source of inspiration, a networking tool, and a guide for the start of the ordering season. It exists to make sports the central driver in all of us, so big and meaningful that everyone benefits from its power. That’s why we bring the entire industry together: to move sports forward, discuss pressing topics, explore and generate trends, showcase innovations, connect with peers, create new business opportunities, and shape the future of sports. Find out more News See all news Information 04 December 2025 JOOR Strengthens Digital Wholesale for Sport and Fashion Fifteen Years of Digital Wholesale Leadership In 2025, JOOR marks 15 years as one of the key drivers of digital transformation in wholesale—particularly across sport, outdoor, and fashion. Today, the platform connects more than 14,000 brands with 675... Read More Information 04 December 2025 Stay Cool in Winter: How Winter Sports Enthusiasts Can Protect Their Wearables When Tech Meets the Cold Subzero temps, moisture, crashes – winter can be brutal not just for outdoor enthusiasts, but for their smart devices too. Whether you’re carving down the slopes, gliding through cross-country trails, or climbing uphill on a... Read More Information 04 December 2025 Promotion/07/31/2025 Run With Peace of Mind – Optimal Cover for Your Multisport Watch & More Protect Better – Prevent Total Loss It happens in a heartbeat: a curb edge, a slick carpet of leaves, or a rogue tree root—any road or trail runner needs total focus. One misstep and you’re suddenly on the ground. In the best-case scenario you’re left... Read More The game is changing. Be part of it. World-class, globally connected location with first-class green credentials and smart infrastructure €3million investment in content, good causes and connections Hyper-focus on connecting professionals and brands Streamlined infrastructure with clear and refined focus Ready to unite, galvanise and stimulate the sports and outdoor business industries Find out more Our Partners ISPO is the flagship event of the global sports industry, a source of inspiration, a networking tool, and a guide for the start of the ordering season. It exists to make sports the central driver in all of us, so big and meaningful that everyone benefits from its power. More of our brands and partners About us Brought to you by Raccoon Media Group The award-winning organisers of the UK’s National Running Show and Boston Run and Outdoor Expo Contact us Home About About Us What's New History Awards Awards Winners Brands and Partners 2025 Exhibitors News FAQs Visit Who Should Attend Why Visit What's On ISPO Leaders Summit Speakers Travel & Accommodation FAQs Exhibit Who Should Exhibit 2025 Exhibitors Apply to Exhibit Floorplan Request a call Sponsor Beyond the Booth Opportunities & Packages Request a call News Contact Get in touch Meet the Team Subscribe to our ISPO Newsletter Request a call Search Register Interest Privacy Policy Sustainability Copyright © 2025 Raccoon Media Group Event Website By Close Home About About Us What's New History Awards Awards Winners Brands and Partners 2025 Exhibitors News FAQs Visit Who Should Attend Why Visit What's On ISPO Leaders Summit Speakers Travel & Accommodation FAQs Exhibit Who Should Exhibit 2025 Exhibitors Apply to Exhibit Floorplan Request a call Sponsor Beyond the Booth Opportunities & Packages Request a call News Contact Get in touch Meet the Team Subscribe to our ISPO Newsletter Request a call Search Register Interest Search Featured links Register What's new History Awards News FAQs