Platforms
Use cases
Success stories
About us
For partners
Help center
1⁠-⁠213⁠-⁠371⁠-⁠02⁠-⁠52
salesteam@ispsystem.com
EN
ES
Hosting and service providersIT infrastructure management
IT INFRASTRUCTURE
MANAGEMENT
PLATFORMS
Physical equipment management
Virtual infrastructure management
Automation of accounting and issuance of IT resources
Hosting and Service Providers
Choose the Area
IT Infrastructure Management
Choose the Area
OUR CAPABILITIES
ARE YOUR ADVANTAGES

The ecosystem of products allows you to solve a full range of tasks for automating hosting sales - from the client ordering the service to issuing the finished service. High scalability, flexibility in add-ons, integration with many software products via API make ISPsystem platforms the optimal solution for hosters and service providers.

Leave a Request
Automation of hosting and service provider business
ISPsystem platforms ensure uninterrupted functioning of hosting and service provider businesses by automating the process of providing services to the end user.
Integration with any software via API or ready-made modules for additional monetization of services
Thanks to the open API and ready-made integration modules, you can quickly implement new software products and increase monetization.
Customization and modification of the product for specific tasks
The platforms cover a wide range of capabilities out of the box, but at the same time allow for flexible scaling of additional options to meet individual needs.
Detailed documentation and extensive knowledge base with examples and descriptions of best practices
Each product has a detailed manual for administrators and users with detailed instructions on how to install and operate the solutions.
Simple interface, ease of use and lower entry threshold for specialists
The products have an intuitive graphical interface that meets modern requirements for design and ease of use.
User personal area to reduce the workload of technical support
A convenient and functional user account allows you to resolve most of the issues that arise, reducing the load on the provider’s technical support lines.
Ecosystem approach
The platforms are fully compatible with each other and operate as a single whole, implementing business tasks in a comprehensive manner.
In-house development
The products are entirely written by ISPsystem programmers and are the intellectual property of the company.
Multi-vendor approach
The solutions are compatible with software and hardware from popular manufacturers.
High scalability
The platforms allow you to scale resources based on business needs, reducing IT costs and increasing productivity.
Professional support 24/7
ISPsystem technical support resolves current customer issues flawlessly and provides detailed advice on installation, initial setup, and software integration.
Full support cycle: from testing to implementation
The company’s specialists are ready to provide assistance throughout the entire project life cycle in order to lower the entry threshold and make the experience of working with ISPsystem products simple and effective.
IT INFRASTRUCTURE
 MANAGEMENT PLATFORMS
HOSTING SERVICE AUTOMATION PLATFORMS
Scalable platform for creating a fault-tolerant virtualization environment 
   Read more  
A platform for managing physical multi-vendor IT infrastructure in a single interface
   Read more  
Platform for managing and analyzing IT infrastructure and multicloud
   Read more  
SSL certificates
for email and websites
An SSL certificate is a digital document that ensures the security of a user's personal data.
Read more
Business automation platform for renting virtual infrastructure
Read more
Platform to automate the delivery of dedicated servers
Read more
A platform for automation of IT services provision and sale.
Read more
Panel for automating the management of domain name servers
Read more
Panel for IP management
Read more
SSL certificates
for email and websites
An SSL certificate is a digital document that ensures the security of a user's personal data.
Read more
USE CASES
Organizing hosting: automation of VPS/VDS rental business
The VMmanager platform from ISPsystem automates the provisioning of virtual servers, significantly simplifying and accelerating this process. Users of the platform have access to all the tools necessary to create a fault-tolerant virtualization environment and automatically create and sell VPS/VDS and other services.
Show more 
Automatic server diagnostics and disaster recovery
DCImanager automatically checks the server health and the characteristics of its components. If errors are detected, the platform will send a notification to the administrator, and if there are problems with startup, the administrator will be able to launch a disaster recovery procedure.
Show more 
Reducing manual work for administrators
BILLmanager automates many routine operations related to ordering services, deploying and issuing resources. The platform reduces the labor costs of engineers, allowing specialists to concentrate on solving other problems.
Show more 
Continuity of applications and services
Services and applications deployed in a virtual infrastructure based on VMmanager operate continuously. The administrator can perform any operations with virtual machines without stopping them – moving VMs between hosts, changing parameters, performing backups.
Show more 
Efficient use of computing resources
Virtualization technology allows you to abstract away from physical hardware and effectively use computing resources. Running multiple virtual machines (VMs) on a single server provides higher resource utilization and reduces hardware costs.
Show more 
Service delivery (IaaS, SaaS)
VMmanager supports modern concepts of virtual infrastructure maintenance – IaaS (infrastructure as a service) and SaaS (software as a service). Ease of installation and administration allows you to quickly launch an additional service, increase the average bill and reach a new audience of clients in the high price segment.
Show more 



All scenarios
INDUSTRY SOLUTIONS

Applied in various industries, ISPsystem platforms perform tasks of any complexity related
to the management of IT infrastructures.

Education
Financial sector
Data centers
Medicine
Industrial enterprises
Hosting and service providers
ADVANTAGES OF ISPSYSTEM

Our comprehensive solutions help automate the allocation of IT resources to external or internal users. Optimize many processes - from accounting for existing physical equipment to monetizing the use of data center capacities.

Experts in software
development
ISPsystem company has been on the market since 2004. During this time, we have created a series of multifunctional solutions and several auxiliary systems. In our work, we take into account both the needs of customers and current trends in the IT market, applying best practices in software development.
Clients from all over
the world
ISPsystem software is installed on more than 200,000 servers worldwide, and the geography of distribution includes more than 100 countries. All platforms support English: interfaces, documentation, support, etc.
Long-term
partnership
We build reliable long-term relationships with partners: we listen to their opinions and conduct joint marketing. Some companies have been cooperating with us for more than 10 years.
Our own knowledge
base
It is a centralized repository of technical documentation, instructions and other information useful to the user.
Technical support
Any current issues are resolved by professional technical support 24/7. We consult and help fix the problem “on the spot” by connecting to your platform.
Regular updates
We regularly release versions with improvements and updates: we ensure ongoing compatibility with third-party applications, add new features, improve security, and fix detected errors.
Checking technological compatibility
with third-party solutions
Includes a series of tests, during which products are checked for compatibility with other solutions and, if necessary, modified.
20+
years of
experience
in software
development
100+
Countries
with clients
300k
Servers
with our
software
SUCCESS STORIES
Unihost.kz
From a technological heterogeneity to a unified system – how a hosting provider from Kazakhstan modernized its IT infrastructure
Platforms
View case 
Major Financial Institution
How to Consolidate IT Infrastructure Management Amid Rapid Growth and High Availability Requirements
Platforms
View case 
Home Improvement and Repair Retailer
How to Maintain High Performance During Marketing Campaigns and Optimize IT Infrastructure Scaling
Platforms
View case 
International Accounting SaaS Platform
How to Create a Unified Service Management Platform and Automate Service Delivery
Platforms
View case 
A global logistics company—NDA
How a Global Logistics Company Slashed Its IT Infrastructure Costs
Platforms
View case 
Napa Labs
How to organize work with internal customers in telecoms
Platforms
View case 
H501 Cloud
Launching “turnkey” hosting with ISPsystem ecosystem products
Platforms
View case 
Illevante Cloud
Building geographically distributed cloud business with ISPsystem platform ecosystem
Platforms
View case 
ispmanager
How BILLmanager helps the leading developer of hosting control panel to automate sales
Platforms
View case 
PQ.Hosting
Setting International Hosting for 40k Servers Using ISPsystem  Ecosystem Products
Platforms
View case 
CLIENTS
CUSTOMER
REVIEWS
Manager at HostingAdvice
Alexandra Leslie
BILLmanager is a true discovery for hosting providers. It’s an exceptional panel for both small and large projects from the ISPsystem team, which is also behind other amazing control panels.
Network Engineer at PremierDC Data Center AS
Sinan Sen
As a data center administrator, I highly value the convenience of managing racks and keeping track of servers and spare parts. Additionally, the server auto-discovery feature in DCImanager 6 allows us to add hundreds of servers from a new shipment with just a couple of clicks.
Technical Director of MIRAN LLC
Alexey Stolbovoy
The "Miran" company has been using ISPsystem solutions for service management for almost 10 years. We actively work with products such as DCImanager, BILLmanager, and VMmanager, and we would like to highlight their efficiency and convenience.

The wide functionality of DCImanager has significantly simplified the management of dedicated servers, while BILLmanager has become an indispensable tool for billing automation. These solutions have allowed us to reduce infrastructure maintenance costs and improve the quality of customer service.

We are confident that our collaboration will continue to grow, as will the products of ISPsystem themselves.
Head of System Software Manufacturers Development Department, Softline Group
Ivan Ushakov
We began our collaboration in July 2021 and, during this time, have become convinced of the high level of professionalism of the ISPsystem team and the quality of their products. The company’s wide portfolio of solutions generates significant interest in the market and among our engineers, confirming the relevance and demand for the technologies offered.

As part of our collaboration with ISPsystem, we actively implement joint projects, share expertise, and expand our professional skills. Thanks to this, we can offer customers the best conditions when transitioning to domestic solutions, guaranteeing a high level of service and support!
Partner of Datahata LLC
Evgeny Kozhukhovsky
Our collaboration with ISPsystem began back in 2011 when we first started using the fourth generation of their products. Since then, our business has been steadily growing, and a significant part of this success is due to reliable solutions like BILLmanager. DCImanager, previously known as DSmanager, effectively handles the DCIM role in our data center.

We would like to note that the ISPsystem team always assists in solving individual tasks for our projects. Thanks to their continuous product improvements and the introduction of innovative solutions, we can focus on the uninterrupted operation of our data center while clearly understanding software expenses.

A special thanks to the ISPsystem team for their constant pursuit of excellence. We are confident that the sixth version of their products has every chance of becoming a significant milestone in the market!
Leading Customer Relations Manager at "Russian Programs"
Andrei Drobov
ISPsystem products are reliable and functional solutions that help our clients effectively manage their IT resources. We recommend them to anyone looking for high-quality and affordable tools for their business. We would like to separately highlight ISPsystem’s support as a vendor: their specialists are always ready to assist with any questions and quickly resolve any issues that arise. This is very important to us as partners, as it ensures we can be confident that our clients will receive quality service.
General Director of Datacheap.ru Data Center
Alexandr Belov
We have been working with ISPsystem products for over 10 years and are generally satisfied. The functionality is actively evolving right before our eyes, and customer feedback and suggestions are taken into account in development. We hope for further fruitful cooperation.
CEO of FirstVDS
Alexey Chekushkin
VMmanager proved to be a successful solution for launching high-availability hosting. We launched a test version of the system in just one week, and within two weeks, real clients were already operating on the infrastructure.
NEWSROOM
AND BLOG
Read Blog
News
DCImanager introduces new capabilities for planning and placing inventory in racks
It is now possible to install inventory from the front and the back of the rack and take into account the weight of the devices.
BLACK FRIDAY at ISPsystem: Pick your deal and go!
News
Three special offers for hosting and cloud providers — choose the one that suits you best!
The cost of one mistake – why server protection mode is not an option…
News
DCImanager 6 protection mode is a reliable barrier against human error: save SLA, money and reputation
New payment systems in BILLmanager for your customers
News
We continue to enhance BILLmanager's functionality and are happy to announce the integration of new payment systems, specifically…
IT INFRASTRUCTURE
MANAGEMENT
PLATFORMS

Get demo access to experience ISPsystem solutions in action:

Try the user-friendly interface designed for users with varying technical skills
Explore automation, monitoring, and billing capabilities
See how ISPsystem solves IT management challenges and optimizes costs
Fill out the form for a product consultation
Choose a product *
VMmanager
DCImanager
BILLmanager
DNSmanager
IPmanager
 I want to receive news about products and the company
 I agree with the Privacy Policy *