Home | Idaho State University Skip to Main Content × Apply Give Quicklinks Search A-Z Index Campus Map Directory Email Calendar Library Canvas MyISU News ISU Navigate Give Admissions Students Faculty & Staff Parents Alumni Academic Calendar Academic Catalogs Administration Advising Athletics Career Center Class Schedule Colleges & Departments Financial Aid Health & Wellness Housing Human Resources Jobs Museum of Natural History Parking Public Safety Registrar Scholarships Transcripts Tuition Tutoring Majors Cost Visit Parking Map Apply Give Search Search Common Searches MyISU Canvas Jobs Bookstore Academic Calendar Parking Housing Library Tuition Transcripts Admissions Academics About Student Life Research Pause Idaho State University Roar with us Learn more Majors Tuition Admissions Virtual Tour Visit Apply Shaping Generations: The Sargent Family's Enduring Gift to ISU CAHME Announces Accreditation of Idaho State University’s MHA Program Benny Gets a Fresh Look for ISU’s 125th Anniversary More Campus News Upcoming Events All Events Campus Life There is something for everyone at ISU. Come take advantage of the full college experience and see what it means to be a Bengal! Make lifelong friends, explore new interests, and have fun! Events Attending events on campus is a great way to get involved, meet new people, and learn new things. Housing Living on campus can help you get the most out of your college experience. Student Recreation Discover ways to stay active, improve your physical and mental health, and have fun. More Campus Life Visit Campus We would love to see you on campus for a personalized campus visit experience.
							Schedule your visit any weekday that classes are in session to see what ISU has to offer
							you. Plan a Visit Benny Gets a Fresh Look for ISU’s 125th Anniversary November 17, 2025 Idaho State University’s beloved mascot, Benny the Bengal, pounced into Saturday’s final 2025 season home football game with a new energy after a short pre-game disappearance, leaving fans chanting, “Where’s Benny?!” Native Nuclear Founder Scott Lathrop to Speak at ISU on “Nuclear Energy & Indigenous Futures” as Part of Native American Heritage Month October 20, 2025 Idaho State University will host Scott Lathrop, founder and CEO of Native Nuclear, for a keynote presentation and expert panel discussion on Tuesday, November 5, from 9 to 11 a.m. in the Bengal Theater. ISU Biologist Receives Postdoctoral Research Fellowship from NSF October 6, 2025 A researcher at Idaho State University has earned a sought-after postdoctoral fellowship in biology from the National Science Foundation. University, laboratory dedicate Idaho Falls facility for critical materials research to secure domestic supply of critical materials for energy and defense September 3, 2025 Idaho State University was founded in 1901 and has grown to be one of the most comprehensive institutions in the country. The University is one of only six institutions in the US offering programs from technical certificates through graduate and professional degrees. As the state's designated lead institution in health professions, Idaho State is home to more than 75 percent of Idaho’s health degree programs. Idaho State attracts students from around the world to its campus locations in Pocatello, Meridian, Idaho Falls, and Twin Falls. Colleges and Schools Arts and Letters Business Education Graduate School College of Health Nursing Performing Arts Pharmacy Science and Engineering Technology Resources Accessibility A-Z Index Bookstore Campus Map Directory Email Events Library Canvas MyISU News Services Career Center Health Services Parking Public Safety Technology Resources Administration Overview President Academic Affairs Athletics Division of Finance Student Affairs Research Locations Meridian Idaho Falls Twin Falls eISU Online Help A-Z Index Search isu.edu Contact ISU (208) 282-4636 IDAHO STATE UNIVERSIT Y (208) 282-4636 921 South 8th Avenue | Pocatello, Idaho, 83209 Privacy Policies © 2019 Idaho State University