Discover Italy: Official Tourism Website - Italia.it Skip menu This content was automatically translated. View the original text . Where to go Choose your destination Sea, mountains, cities, national parks and UNESCO sites: in Italy every destination is a unique experience to be fully enjoyed. Cities Rome Venice Milan See all Regions Lazio Sardinia Sicily See all Tourist destinations Lake Garda Gargano Lake Maggiore See all Sea Lampedusa Capri, Procida, Ischia Costa Smeralda See all Mountain Madonna di Campiglio Courmayeur Cortina d'Ampezzo See all Countryside Maremma Toscana Chianti Barbagia See all All destinations Villages UNESCO sites National Parks Lakes Close What to do Choose from several activities Every trip to Italy is unique: you can build it as you like, based on your lifestyle and needs. Food & Wine Art & Culture Nature Shopping & Markets Sports Leisure Excursions Health, Hot springs and Wellness Nautical Tourism Spirituality Events Itineraries Luxury experiences See all Season Spring Summer Autumn Winter See all Travel ideas Solo holidays Couple holidays Family holidays Young people holidays See all The Story Behind the Place Podcast Food and Wine Museums Events Winter Close Plan your trip Discover the services of our territory You can plan your stay in Italy by taking advantage of the various services available and choosing the solutions that best suit your desires and needs How to organize Travel Agencies Tourist Guides Where to sleep Tourist accomodation Where to eat Restaurants How to get around Rail transport Activities Beach Facilities Innovations Entertainment Meetings and Exhibition Food and Wine Experiences Experiences Close Information Think about everything All the information you need to plan a trip to Italy or to know the basics to best visit it. Travel to Italy Documentation Currency and Payments Getting around Italy Time zones and bank holidays Phone & Web Emergency Assistance See all Assistance Close English Favourites Sign in Search Favourites EN Español Italiano Deutsch English Search Search Search Nearby View all View all regions Close Close Search Search Close Filter by Back Search Share Like Find out more View list Explore map ITALIA category-tab1 Event Beato Angelico exhibition: the light of the Renaissance Find out more Art and culture Klimt: the golden enchantment Find out more Theatre "Amadeus": the theatrical drama by Shaffer in Pesaro Find out more Event Viareggio Carnival Find out more category-tab2 Villages Nocera Umbra Find out more Villages Portobuffolè Find out more Villages Petralia Sottana Find out more Villages Bassano In Teverina Find out more category-tab3 Sport Skiing in Abruzzo Find out more Mountain 10 locations for people who love snow but don't ski here's what you can do Find out more Islands The Tremiti islands can also be visited in winter, think fishing and kayaking Find out more category-tab4 Cycling tourism Amidst medieval villages and enchanted hills: cycling along the gravel roads of the Strade Bianche Find out more Nature Campania Parks: sustainable tourism in the region's protected areas Find out more Nature Mountains, lakes, beeches and chamois in Marsica: the Abruzzo Park Find out more Travel Ideas The Ayas Valley all year round, from castles to alpine sports Find out more Events Villages Winter Slow Tourism Events Villages Winter Slow Tourism Previous Next Landscapes that will take your breath away, rich history, and delicious food, your trip to Italy will be nothing short of unforgettable. "Welcome to Meraviglia" Step on board to discover “a completely different Italy” and let yourself be amazed by villages, small municipalities, minor islands, and inland areas of a Nation that is unique in the world for its diverse tourist offerings, enjoyable in any season. Your browser does not support the video tag. Map Close Explore with us the best solutions for your trip Loading... Search Cerca Olympic Winter Games Milano Cortina 2026 Find out more : Days : Hours Minutes Not to be missed Highlights Cities UNESCO sites Regions Villages Thermal baths Food and wine Like Christmas in Italy: a journey through lights, traditions, and flavors The enchantment of Christmas embraces all of Italy, offering unique atmospheres and moments to experience with wonder. From lively metropolises to small villages suspended in time, every place prepares to welcome you with the warmth of its traditions: living nativity scenes, artisan markets, illuminated streets, and squares brought to life by festive music and performances.
From North to South, all the way to the islands, authentic experiences await you—where the magic of the holidays blends with the aromas and flavors of Christmas, New Year’s, and Epiphany specialties. A journey into the heart of the truest Italy, among art, culture, and culinary delights, to experience the emotions of Christmas with all your senses. Spirituality Like Cathedral of San Cataldo A Baroque masterpiece dedicated to the patron saint
It is the oldest in Puglia. The Cathedral of San Cataldo in Taranto was originally dedicated to St Mary Magdalene, but was later dedicated to Saint Catald, Bishop, the city's patron saint. There was apparently an original structure from the 5th century AD, but the present-day cathedral was built by the Byzantines in the 10th century at the behest of Emperor Nicephorus II Phoca.
It underwent various structural and aesthetic changes up to the 11th century, and the last works date back to 1713, when the architect Mauro Manieri from Lecce made it a Baroque masterpiece, with medallions and niches with saints and angels that can still be seen today. In the interior, with a wealth of polychrome inlaid marble and stucco, is the Chapel of San Cataldo, which preserves patron's mortal remains, rediscovered in the Baptistery in 1071.
Artworks worthy of note include the statues of the Assumption and of Saint Catald, and the medieval floor mosaic, rediscovered in 1844 and attributed to a certain Petroius, from between 1163 and 1165. The crypt also contains frescoes dating from the 14th and 15th centuries. Puglia , Taranto Sport Like Milan-Cortina 2026 It goes without saying that the event is reserved for champions of all the official sports disciplines on ice or snow, but the strength of an event such as the Olympics also resides in welcoming everyone in fostering cultural exchange between different and distant cultures. While waiting for the various competitions, in addition to a constantly updated calendar packed full with music, theater, film and art events, everyone will have the chance to try the same tracks, depending on their skill level, where champions across the world will battle against each other. Dreaming costs nothing! Being among the most beautiful, atmospheric peaks in Europe as you spend a few days engaging with sport and relaxing is a dream within everyone's reach. Let's discover the jewels that will host the 2026 Games, together with Milan and Cortina they will form the largest winter Olympic Village ever. 7 minutes Food and wine Like Turin and Its Chocolate Tradition The continuing love story between Turin and chocolate began as far back as 1560: in celebration of the Ducal Capital’s move from Chambéry to Turin, Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy served a symbolic cup of piping hot chocolate to the city. An authentic passion that has created specialties now known throughout the world has also continued to stimulate the imaginations of the master chocolatiers over the centuries. Indeed, it was here in the Savoy Capital that the Bicerin – a glass of hot coffee, cacao, and milk cream – was conceived in the 1700s. By way of chocolate, the maestros of Turin knew exactly how to express their taste for innovation, so much so that they experimented with new mechanisms to mix cacao, vanilla, water and sugar into a malleable paste (beginning 17th Century). They discovered that they could transform the chocolate into solid bars, thus giving life to chocolates, or cioccolatini, of every type – from bon bons to pralines, truffles and cremini. 3 minutes Sport Like Skiing in the paradise of the Dolomites: the Dolomiti Superski area Surrounded by the extraordinary landscape of the Dolomites, with 450 ski lifts and 1,200 kilometers of ski slopes in twelve different ski areas where you can ski with just one single ski pass, Dolomiti Superski is one of the largest and most exciting ski areas in the world. Each of the twelve Dolomiti Superski areas boasts a number of one-of-a-kind features that are worth knowing about. Let's find out about them. 7 minutes Food and wine Like Italian cuisine, a UNESCO Heritage: taste the most authentic Italy Officially recognized as UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage, Italian cuisine represents one of the most authentic and profound elements of the national identity. It is a heritage made not only of recipes, but also of ancient knowledge, conviviality, and traditions passed down from generation to generation. Every region, every city, and even every family preserves its own interpretation of dishes, contributing to a gastronomic mosaic that tells the story of Italy through its flavors and aromas. The true strength of Italian cuisine lies precisely in its extraordinary territorial diversity, the result of the encounter between distinct landscapes, millennia-old cultures, and unique biodiversity. 2 minutes City Like Rome She never hides her years, but still wears them well: after all, Rome is the Eternal City.
A walk through the streets of Rome is a stroll through History with a capital H. One of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, it offers and almost demands endless new discoveries, thanks to the enormity of its artistic heritage. As a matter of fact, it is home to two capitals in one city: the Italian capital and the home of the Pope in the Vatican, a place of universal pilgrimage to St Peter's Square. Lazio , Rome City Like Naples From its charming waterfront under the shadow of Vesuvius, to its beautiful and bustling historic centre: Naples is a stunning city. 
Its position as a meeting place for various peoples since ancient times has had a profound impact on Naples, making it  a cultural hub. This is evident when walking through its streets, full of artistic and architectural treasures. It is a city with a unique magic, blossoming with natural attractions. From amazing food to all kinds of entertainment, you will never be bored. Campania , Naples City Like Milan Milan, the metropolis that finds a perfect and dynamic balance between history and modernity.
While it is considered one of the world's fashion and design capitals, as well as a financial hub, Milan is also a city of culture and thought. While always looking towards the future, this Lombard capital lovingly preserves its prominent history, boasting spectacular museums and some of the most monumental churches in Italy. Lombardy , Milan City Like Bologna Bologna, the delightful capital of Emilia-Romagna, is a lively city, with its blend of fascinating culture, history and delicious traditional food.
Nestled among vast plains, gentle, winding valleys and rolling hills with unique and unparalleled panoramas, Bologna may be a young city, but it has an enchantingly rich history. Treat yourself to a relaxing trip, immersed in art, music and good food. Emilia-Romagna , Bologna City Like Turin Discovering Turin, a multifaceted city rich in historic splendour.
Elegant and earnest, Turin boasts a one-of-a-kind artistic and cultural heritage: the elegant aristocratic residences of times gone by, breathtaking Baroque architecture, bountiful museums and priceless monuments still stand tall today, creating a unique blend between past and present. Piedmont , Turin City Like Venice For many, the most beautiful city in the world. Venice has an eternal and poignant charm, and is today among the world capitals of contemporary art.
Timeless and magical, the soul of Venice is made up of 118 islands united together by more than 400 bridges, separated by canals that act as waterways, forever bustling with gondolas and boats in a never-ending back-and-forth. Saying that it is brimming with art treasures is even disrespectful: romantic charm and history are absolutely unique. Veneto , Venice Discover all cities Art and culture Like The best trails in UNESCO heritage sites in Italy: 10,000 steps amid nature and beauty Here we introduce you to the best trails in Italy's UNESCO heritage sites. Paths immersed in nature and beauty, inviting you to take invigorating walks.
It is not only about UNESCO World Heritage cities; the challenge is to explore all of the natural surroundings. Taking 10,000 steps through Italy's rich and varied forest heritage will be good for the spirit as well as the heart. So, are you ready for a bit of exercise and beauty? 4 minutes Art and culture Like The 15 Italian UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage excellences And Italy is truly unique in this. Alongside incredible historical sites, there is a very rich intangible heritage, handed down through the generations, that represents an unparalleled cultural legacy.
We are talking about the 15 Italian UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage excellences, which could soon become 16, thanks to the candidacy of Italian cuisine, between sustainability and biocultural diversity.
There are fifteen recognitions, and just as many destinations for travellers wishing to experience these fascinating phenomena. 5 minutes UNESCO Like Artistic masterpieces and gastronomic marvels in Modena The historic centre of Modena is best explored on foot. Once in the city, wandering along the Via Emilia, shopping at the historic Albinelli market and admiring the Ghirlandina tower from every angle is almost obligatory. 4 minutes UNESCO Like The Dolomites: the most beautiful architectural work in the world It was Le Corbusier, the famous French naturalised Swiss architect, town planner, painter and designer, who called them “the most beautiful architectural work in the world”. A paradise for those who love sport, untouched nature, uncompromising mountains and traditional flavours: the Dolomites, the legendary mountain range of the Eastern Alps, a UNESCO World Heritage List site.
The so-called “pale mountains” are distributed over three regions, Trentino Alto Adige, Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia. An absolutely unique habitat in which to enjoy breathtaking views. 4 minutes UNESCO Like Cilento, between unspoilt beaches, wild nature and charming hamlets As a crossroads of peoples and a treasure trove of ancient traditions, the territory is rich in chestnut and holm-oak forests, streams and hamlets overlooking the sea or built on rocks.
Here, we find some masterpieces included in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1998: the magnificent Cilento and Vallo di Diano National Park, with the archaeological sites of Paestum and Velia and Certosa di Padula.
Hidden beaches, small fishing villages, unspoilt nature and rich archaeological evidence make Cilento an irresistibly fascinating destination. 3 minutes UNESCO Like Alberobello, the Trulli capital, a fairy tale experience The capital of the trulli, extraordinary testimonies of dry-stone construction with conical or pyramid-shaped roofs, will enchant you with an expanse of more than 1,500 trulli that have been on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1996.
The entire Itria Valley is characterised by the presence of these picturesque constructions finding their roots in the prehistoric era, but it is in Alberobello that the highest concentration of the best-preserved examples can be found.
The Mediterranean climate, excellent accommodation and unparalleled architectural harmony make this town the ideal destination for visitors in search of an atmosphere that has not been affected by the passage of time. Do you feel like setting out to discover these wonders? 4 minutes All UNESCO sites Region Like Trentino Trentino is sure to amaze you with its immense natural heritage, the spectacular splendour of the Dolomites and fascinating sites steeped in history
Discover Trentino’s culture of slow travel, taking the time to savour every corner among nature and cultural trails and educational farms. You will find hundreds of hotels offering wellness centres for truly relaxing holidays for the whole family in some of Italy's most beautiful villages, set in unique landscapes. Trentino Region Like Piedmont Piedmont is sure to enchant you with its mountains, hills, typical flavours and uniquely elegant cities
An extraordinary heritage of art and history, culture and nature, characterises Piedmont, a region with a thousand faces, one more interesting than the other: cities of rare elegance, mountains that lend themselves to splendid skiing or walking, fascinating villages, hills that are among the best known in the world for their extraordinary wine production. Piedmont Region Like Emilia-Romagna Emilia Romagna, a region of unrivalled charm, with immense artistic beauty and unparalleled hospitality
Emilia Romagna with its Riviera Romagnola offers beach tourism that attracts families and young people to its shores every summer. Rich in sites of historical and cultural interest, this region boasts a world-renowned wine and food tradition. Skilful hospitality does the rest, making Emilia Romagna an ideal holiday destination in every season.
 Video credits: Oliver Astrologo Emilia-Romagna Region Like Basilicata Basilicata, a region of ancient origins, suspended between two seas and with mountains of great beauty
Basilicata is a region where the passage of man has left its mark since prehistoric times. With the ancient name of “Lucania”, it is enriched by an incredible artistic heritage. Not to mention its never-boring panorama, which ranges from the Lucanian Dolomites to the Pollino Park, passing through two seas. Basilicata Region Like Apulia Apulia: the sunny region between two seas and warm hospitality in places rich in history
Located in the heart of the Mediterranean, it is a magical combination of artefacts, history, art and unspoilt nature, amidst beautiful coastlines and picture-postcard landscapes. This is Puglia, a region of golden beaches and crystal-clear waters, intense flavours and fascinating destinations: Castel del Monte, the trulli, the islands passing through towns kissed by a unique and unforgettable light. Apulia Region Like Molise Molise, a tiny region with grandiose landscapes: come and discover its history and culinary tradition
Molise is a region steeped in history, characterised by numerous tasty food and wine delicacies, but also by rich nature reserves and villages that seem crystallised in history. A destination yet to be discovered, amid marvellous seashores and breathtaking high cliffs Molise Discover all regions Villages Like Small and proud, with a focus on sustainability. Here are the most charming rural villages to visit in Italy The small charming towns that in addition to having extraordinary natural settings, proudly protect and promote their roots, culture, food and wine heritage. Encouraging and valorizing traditional lifestyles and activities, simultaneously showing that they know how to develop innovations and sustainability in all areas with commitment and foresight?
 Credits: Comune di Otricoli 4 minutes Cycling tourism Like Cycling around nature and historic hamlets in Abruzzo Cycling in Abruzzo means immersing yourself in natural settings with parks, hills, sea and lakes over often challenging routes winding spectacularly between ancient hamlets and holy architecture: here are 5 cycling itineraries ideal for an active holiday in green and historic settings. A broad scenario that will also welcome a stage of the Giro d'Italia cycling event. 3 minutes Mobility Like Tax breaks for moving to the charming villages of central Apennines and southern Italy An advantageous tax system is in fact dedicated to foreign pension holders who move their residence to small villages in 11 regions of southern and central Italy.
When your working life comes to an end, you can start a new life enjoying the pleasures that Italy has to offer: an excellent climate, magnificent historic centres and art to be admired at every turn, a splendid sea, the sea, hills and lakes, and food and wine of the utmost quality. All to be savoured at a leisurely pace. 6 minutes Villages Like Seaside Villages The common denominator shared by these four Italian villages, in addition to their beauty, is the sea. They can also be seen or experienced through different food and wine nuances, as well as proposals for trekking, cycling and spa routes. Not to mention unique historical, artistic and architectural heritages. 2 minutes Villages Like Castelmola, a window on the sea a few steps from Taormina It is no coincidence that it is considered one of the most beautiful villages in Italy, with breathtaking views, thanks to its altitude of over 500 metres. To complete the picture, historical-artistic treasures must be added, including the castle and medieval monuments. If you are planning a stay in this area, bring comfortable shoes and layered clothing with you. 2 minutes Villages Like Frosolone: one of the most beautiful Italian villages, in Molise Listed among Italy's Most Beautiful Villages, Frosolone is a small paradise surrounded by nature, perched among the central Apennines in the heart of Molise.
About 900 metres above sea level, it is enveloped and embraced by vibrant greenery: a pristine, untouched environment home to ancient trees, ponds and lakes, white rocks and shelters. The village is also known for its history of handcrafting scissors and knives. 3 minutes Discover all villages Relax and wellness Like 3 of the best wellness itineraries in Emilia Romagna The power of nature has incredible effects on psycho-physical well-being and Emilia Romagna, among picturesque villages and quiet valleys surrounded by greenery, one of the most beautiful Italian destinations for wellness tourism. A region where it is easy to enjoy authentic experiences, whether you choose to immerse yourself in history, take advantage of the therapeutic power of the spas or enjoy the renowned cuisine.
Wellness tourism in these parts can be found in a thousand ways and it takes very little to unwind, relieve tensions and rediscover deep relaxation. Have you ever tried, after a stressful day, to walk in the woods surrounded by trees and plants or to walk barefoot in the vegetation? The body's response was certainly not far behind, with renewed optimism and an almost forgotten sense of peace. In Romagna there is no shortage of opportunities to indulge in these experiences and, whether for a short weekend or a longer stay, the art of good living can be breathed in every corner.
Choosing a destination is not the only essential step in ensuring a wellness holiday. Planning an itinerary in advance is always a good idea. Seeking the support of a local expert, both before and during the tour, is another useful tip to discover hidden curiosities and glimpses of a destination you are getting to know for the first time. A final tip is to think of a slow journey, one that allows you to savour every moment, without the urge to see as much as possible and end up getting tired without appreciating anything. Emilia-Romagna Relax and wellness Like A wellness weekend at the Euganean Spas In Veneto, wellness and nature combine perfectly at the spas of Abano and Montegrotto. These thousand-year-old spas, well-known to the Ancient Romans, now offer specialised and modern centres for relaxation and preventive health, in a natural park to be explored on foot or on horseback, in the evocative landscape of the Euganean Hills.
In the two main spa towns and throughout the surrounding area, you will find architectural works, ancient villages, museums, castles and ancient residences that are all worth a visit. Powered by: 3 minutes Relax and wellness Like Ischia, the island of wellbeing among thermal gardens and natural springs 'Mens sana in corpore sano' said the Romans, perhaps thinking of Ischia and its thermal baths. As the thermal properties of the island were known as far back as the Roman Empire, water and mud were likely already used for creams and cosmetics. Ischia offers various options for those in need of specific cures or treatments or, more simply, for those who have made wellness their philosophy of life.
Here then is an itinerary among the colourful thermal gardens, natural springs and the magic of fumaroles.
From Molo Beverello in Naples, boarding a ferry or hydrofoil, it takes less than an hour to reach Ischia, an island that from the sea reveals itself as a block of rock and Mediterranean scrub and that contains within itself a microcosm of environments with a character that is anything but homogenous. The climate is mild all year round, the nature lush and untamed, the sea crystal clear, the beaches a dream, the towns picturesque. And if you add to all this the thermal waters, the island's true natural heritage, it is evident why Ischia is at the top of the rankings of favourite destinations for tourists from all over the world. Powered by: Campania , Ischia Relax and wellness Like Outdoor spas in Lazio, oases of relaxation and wellness to suit all tastes If we love to enjoy the beneficial power of spas, we owe it above all to the Romans, who, borrowing the traditions of neighbouring Greece and exploiting the area’s natural springs, made the practice of bathing in these beneficial waters an integral part of Italian identity, laying the foundations of a wellness culture.
Fortunately, Lazio was and remains one of the richest regions in terms of natural springs. These can be found throughout the region, each with its own particular characteristics. The most interesting are definitely the outdoor hot water spas – pure oases of pleasure where you can find yourself and relax. You have the choice between natural springs that are free of charge, and those that are within organised facilities, including luxury spas, where you can combine a visit to the pools with aesthetic and medical treatments.

If you have chosen to spend your summer holidays visiting the wonders of Rome and the surrounding area, with its rich history and natural beauty, don’t miss the opportunity to visit one of the many outdoor thermal pools in Lazio. Here is are some sites that are worth a visit. 5 minutes UNESCO Like Montecatini Terme, historical thermal centre in Tuscany Among the Italian jewels recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage Site there is also one of Europe's great spa towns, Montecatini Terme, in the heart of Tuscany, surrounded by cities of art such as Florence, Pisa and Lucca. Wonderful and easy to get to. 4 minutes Relax and wellness Like Terme di Caramanico, a haven of wellness and relaxation Despite its modest altitude (just over 600 metres), Caramanico is the heart of the communities of Majella and Morrone, the imposing mountain massifs that gift the surrounding area a breathtaking panorama. 
Nestled between the valleys of the Orta and Orfento rivers, Caramanico is a true hub of natural wellness: it benefits from being situated in an area rich in bodies of spring water that feed many other springs that offer both thermal baths and drinking water that is perfect for bottling. 2 minutes Discover all thermal spas Like Restaurants Pizzerias, trattorias, farmhouses, taverns and wine bars: Italian cuisine satisfies every palate, even the most difficult. Nature Like Red oranges of Sicily: more than fruit, a delicacy Maupassant wrote that “Sicily is the land of oranges, of flowering soil whose air, in spring, is all perfume”. Prove him right while strolling through the mythical land that everyone wanted to conquer for its beauty and wealth. One of the treasures to be discovered are Sicilian blood oranges.
They are cultivated exclusively on the Catania Plain and in parts of Enna and Siracusa and were awarded the PGI mark by the European Union.
An inimitable taste combined with very special nutritional properties: these fruits are full of goodness! 2 minutes Food and wine Like The Abruzzo region by way of Donato De Santis's pizza 3 minutes Food and wine Like Lucanian honey: the various types of the sweet nectar of Basilicata Processed according to the most traditional procedures, Lucanian honey is the sweet nectar of Basilicata, the undisputed protagonist of a variety of ancient and modern recipes. 
Varying in colour and flavour, from crystalline to darker, delicate to bitter, the honey of Basilicata differs according to the areas of production. Try it in its variations, accompanying it with cheese or enjoying it alone, in its goodness and purity. 2 minutes Food and wine Like Gastronomic tourism: a tour to discover the cheeses of Lombardy These itineraries, as well as dedicated festivals, are a perfect way to discover the cheeses of Lombardy.

Some of Italy’s most famous dairy products, which are also well known abroad, originate from this area. Let’s take a closer look. 3 minutes Food and wine Like Diamond of Alba: The White Truffle If someone asks you: "Do you know tuber magnatum pico?", maybe your reply would not be immediate, but you would probably know for sure the one called white truffle. It is actually the same product: it is the most valuable truffle type, both from a gastronomic and a purely economic point of view. In fact, because of the very high cost, it is considered as a precious diamond. Surely among the most popular ones is the white truffle of Alba (CN), a town located in the province of Cuneo in Piedmont region, which holds the record for the oldest White Truffle Fair which takes place between October and November. 3 minutes Discover all cities All UNESCO sites Discover all regions Discover all villages Discover all thermal spas Events Live Italy Previous Event Like Viareggio Carnival Toscana, Viareggio Spirituality Like Feast of Sant’Agata in Catania Sicily, Catania Spirituality Like The Living Nativity Scene in Custonaci Sicilia, Custonaci Shopping Like Arezzo Antiques Fair Tuscany, Arezzo Art and culture Like Confini: an exhibition from Gauguin to Hopper Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Udine Art and culture Like Graphic Japan Emilia-Romagna, Bologna Art and culture Like 'Treasures of Italy' exhibition: through the centuries Sicilia, Agrigento Traditions Like Cesanatico and the marine nativity Emilia-Romagna, Cesenatico Traditions Like Poffabro, a nativity scene among nativity scenes 2025 Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Poffabro Traditions Like Lignano Natale d' A...mare. 22a Ed. "Presepe di Sabbia" Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Lignano Sabbiadoro Traditions Like The Magia del Natale 2025 in Friuli-Venezia Giulia Friuli-Venezia Giulia Traditions Like Spadone Mass and reenactment in Cividale del Friuli Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Cividale del Friuli Traditions Like 98° Epifania Friulana Friuli-Venezia Giulia Christmas markets Like Locri on Ice Calabria, Locri Celebrations Like 29th edition of the National Befana Festival Marche, Urbania Traditions Like Rock Nativity Scene and Christmas Village Calabria, Caccuri Traditions Like Authentic Christmas in Sansepolcro Tuscany, Sansepolcro Next Find out more Italy Discover Italy Aosta Valley Piedmont Lombardy Trentino South Tyrol Veneto Friuli-Venezia Giulia Liguria Emilia-Romagna Tuscany Umbria Marche Sardinia Lazio Abruzzo Campania Molise Apulia Basilicata Calabria Sicily Previous Next Aosta Valley The Aosta Valley is a paradise for visitors seeking outdoor experiences in nature while exploring history and traditions
The smallest region in Italy, dotted with the highest peaks in the Alps, it is the ideal destination for anyone who enjoys winter sports and high-altitude walks. Its green valleys and fairy-tale castles make the Aosta Valley an enchanting place to experience all year round. Discover Piedmont Piedmont is sure to enchant you with its mountains, hills, typical flavours and uniquely elegant cities
An extraordinary heritage of art and history, culture and nature, characterises Piedmont, a region with a thousand faces, one more interesting than the other: cities of rare elegance, mountains that lend themselves to splendid skiing or walking, fascinating villages, hills that are among the best known in the world for their extraordinary wine production. Discover Lombardy Lombardy: a dynamic land immersed in the present and reaching toward the future, but with an extraordinary heritage of art and nature
Lombardy is a region in the north of Italy known for its industry and finance, of course, but also for its art and extraordinary landscapes, starting with the picturesque lakes and its mountains, Valcamonica and Valtellina in primis. Capital and symbolic city, Milan represents the industrious heart that goes hand in hand with other cities with a vibrant spirit. Discover Trentino Trentino is sure to amaze you with its immense natural heritage, the spectacular splendour of the Dolomites and fascinating sites steeped in history
Discover Trentino’s culture of slow travel, taking the time to savour every corner among nature and cultural trails and educational farms. You will find hundreds of hotels offering wellness centres for truly relaxing holidays for the whole family in some of Italy's most beautiful villages, set in unique landscapes. Discover South Tyrol Alto Adige is a dream place to discover all year round amidst green valleys and snow-capped peaks
Combine the relaxation of spa treatments with the pleasure of fun in the snow for a real wellness boost amidst Alpine lakes, beautiful villages and state-of-the-art ski facilities suitable for all ages. All this and more in the majestic scenery of the Dolomites, a UNESCO World Heritage site in Alto Adige. Discover Veneto Veneto, a region of wonder,  with cities of art of undisputed beauty, as well as the most pristine nature
The beauty of Lake Garda, the charm of the Dolomites, the sea of Jesolo, the hills covered with vineyards and the relaxing thermal baths, on top of an immense artistic and historical heritage, elegant cities such as Venice and Verona, quaint villages and breathtaking landscapes. Veneto is all this and much more. Discover Friuli-Venezia Giulia Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Friuli Venezia Giulia: a treasure chest nestled between sea and mountains
A border region sandwiched between the Friulian Dolomites and the Upper Adriatic, blessed with an immense cultural heritage resulting from the influence of different cultures and peoples, cosmopolitan and modern, Friuli Venezia Giulia will also seduce you with its temptations of relaxation, sport and fun. Discover Liguria Tucked-away villages, secret little beaches and superb nature: how enchanting Liguria is!
Liguria is a wonderful strip of land enclosed between the sea and the mountains, with pastel-coloured houses and breathtaking views. With lush unspoilt nature, many small towns to discover and an incomparable culinary tradition, it enraptures the eye and the heart. Discover Emilia-Romagna Emilia Romagna, a region of unrivalled charm, with immense artistic beauty and unparalleled hospitality
Emilia Romagna with its Riviera Romagnola offers beach tourism that attracts families and young people to its shores every summer. Rich in sites of historical and cultural interest, this region boasts a world-renowned wine and food tradition. Skilful hospitality does the rest, making Emilia Romagna an ideal holiday destination in every season.
 Video credits: Oliver Astrologo Discover Tuscany Tuscany will win you over with its unique landscapes, cities of art, thousand-year-old history and fantastic food
Tuscany’s magical atmosphere evolves day by day as you stroll around the cities of art, cycle in the parks, enjoy the sea or savour its typical products, in a region with a one-of-a-kind natural, cultural and historical heritage that has fascinated visitors for centuries. Discover Umbria From Assisi to Perugia, via Gubbio, Lake Trasimeno and Marmore Falls: Umbria is a truly enchanting tourist destination
Peaks covered in lush forests and large valleys outlined by rivers, lakes and waterfalls; sorrounded by villages and castles, crossed by paths steeped in history, art and culture, in a natural environment that helps to restore the body and soul: Umbria, the Green Heart of Italy, is all this and much more. Discover Marche Le Marche, a plunge into the history, art and architecture of a region with the scent of the sea and redolent of traditions and hospitality
A great variety of landscapes and an infinite range of colours that make the area's natural beauty incomparable, plus an artistic heritage that fears no comparison: this is how the Marches, with an area of no more than 10,000 square kilometres, will captivate you forever. Discover Sardinia Sardinia: a journey to the island of the emerald sea, nuraghi, unspoilt nature and millenary traditions
Crystal-clear waters, beaches of soft, white sand, granite rocks framed by wild, fragrant Mediterranean scrub: welcome to Sardinia, an island of a thousand contrasts that will also seduce you with its unique archaeological heritage and its people's innate sense of hospitality. Discover Lazio Lazio is not only Rome: landscapes and monuments of Lazio
Rome, the capital of Italy and a unique open-air museum in the world, is enough to make Lazio one of the most beautiful and interesting regions. Even in terms of landscape, it boasts an area of great impact and remarkable variety, with its long coastline, beautiful hills and Apennine mountains. A destination to fall in love with. Discover Abruzzo Abruzzo, a journey through history between sea, mountains, flavours and unspoilt nature in parks and protected areas
A region in central Italy, Abruzzo has two souls and one heart. Predominantly mountainous and hilly, it overlooks a beautiful stretch of the Adriatic Sea. Here, you will find the highest peaks of the Apennines, such as the Gran Sasso and the Majella massif, as well as the only Apennine glacier, but also some of the most popular beaches. Discover Campania Campania offers landscapes, history, culture and a gastronomic tradition that the whole world envies
A consistently mild climate, lush nature framing breathtaking landscapes, unspoilt villages and fairy-tale coastlines: this is Campania, a region that sums up centuries of cultures, between West and East, in a single Mediterranean jewel known for its unparalleled hospitality. A destination for the soul, the eyes and the palate. Discover Molise Molise, a tiny region with grandiose landscapes: come and discover its history and culinary tradition
Molise is a region steeped in history, characterised by numerous tasty food and wine delicacies, but also by rich nature reserves and villages that seem crystallised in history. A destination yet to be discovered, amid marvellous seashores and breathtaking high cliffs Discover Apulia Apulia: the sunny region between two seas and warm hospitality in places rich in history
Located in the heart of the Mediterranean, it is a magical combination of artefacts, history, art and unspoilt nature, amidst beautiful coastlines and picture-postcard landscapes. This is Puglia, a region of golden beaches and crystal-clear waters, intense flavours and fascinating destinations: Castel del Monte, the trulli, the islands passing through towns kissed by a unique and unforgettable light. Discover Basilicata Basilicata, a region of ancient origins, suspended between two seas and with mountains of great beauty
Basilicata is a region where the passage of man has left its mark since prehistoric times. With the ancient name of “Lucania”, it is enriched by an incredible artistic heritage. Not to mention its never-boring panorama, which ranges from the Lucanian Dolomites to the Pollino Park, passing through two seas. Discover Calabria Calabria is the region of crystal-clear sea, the Riace Bronzes, Reggio Calabria and Capo Vaticano, a captivating mix of history and beauty
Calabria, also known as the tip of the Italian boot, is a region in Southern Italy characterised by the incredible diversity of its landscapes, with the proximity of mountains to a splendid sea that attracts tourists from all over the world. Discover Sicily A dive into Sicily, where a sea of art, culture and nature will seduce you and become eternal love
A predominantly hilly and mountainous area, but one that wins the hearts of tourists from all over the world with its wonderful sea and rich cities with a charm all their own. Sicily is a picture-postcard island characterised by the indelible marks of the people who have lived there and made it unique, amidst artistic and cultural testimonies of enormous value. Discover Close map Explore the territory Podcast Listen and travel Discover all the podcast Italea - Heritage tourism Rediscover your Italian roots Find out more FOOD AND WINE Italian cuisine around the world: a treasure that knows no boundaries Find out more Health, Hot springs and Wellness Italcares Find out more Your journey Imagine Explore Go Nature Art and culture Food and wine Sport Leisure Events Relax and wellness Religious Paths Orange Flag villages Port - Inland itineraries Great Italian Destinations for Sustainable Tourism Social Wall Italy seen by you Join the @italiait community and discover new travel ideas Previous Next Find out more Information on the website Privacy Policy Social media Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms and Conditions Contact us Useful links ENIT S.p.A. Ministry of tourism Open Library Interoperability guidelines Login Login / Sign up Information on the website Privacy Policy Social media Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms and Conditions Contact us Useful links ENIT S.p.A. Ministry of tourism Open Library Interoperability guidelines Let’s keep in touch Login Login / Sign up Save your favorite places Create an account or log in to save your wishlist Sign up Do you already have an account? Sign in Sign up Share Copy Link Ops! An error occurred while sharing your content. Please accept profiling cookies to share the page. Cancel Customize