Iterate
ProductResearch AssistantIntegrationsCustomersPricing
Log inStart your free trial
Harness customer insights across your whole business with the world’s leading Customer Insights Manager (CIM).

The future of your company is your customer. Through a new framework of Customer Insights Management, Iterate is putting customer insights at the center of your business, making them accessible and actionable across teams so that every decision can be customer-obsessed.

Start your free trialGet a demo

Iterate is trusted by thousands of companies including

CNBC
IFTTT
Misfits Market
Paperless Post
SeatGeek
Birchbox

Listen

The CIM is transforming how teams work.

Finally, your teams can listen, learn, and act in a central place across all the customer-focused parts of your business: product, marketing, user research, and sales.

In-app mobile surveys

Iterate’s mobile SDKs let you hear from your users directly within your mobile app. They’re developer friendly, lightweight, and easy to set up.

Our in-app surveys allow you to target exactly the right people at the right time within their user journey to make sure you’re getting the most relevant, valuable feedback.

Collect feedback after a user has taken a specific action
Understand what people are looking to achieve with your app
Run customer satisfaction & effort score surveys within your app
Find out why people are hesitant to give permissions access
Gather general purpose feedback from your mobile app
Learn more about mobile surveys
One-click email surveys

Iterate embeds surveys directly into emails to maximize response rate, designing them to work perfectly on mobile. Schedule surveys to send at a specific time, or use Iterate’s integrations to connect to your marketing or analytics tool and send based on specific triggers.

Find out how people feel, what they like, and what’s stopping them from using your product more.

Ask what your customers thought of their most recent purchase
Understand why lapsed users have stopped using your products
Automatically run Net Promoter Score surveys on a schedule
Know if people are satisfied with your current offerings
Learn what similar products and services people are using
See a demo email surveyLearn more
Embedded website surveys

Iterate surveys put you directly in touch with your website visitors to learn how you can change for the better—from your product to your website experience. Understand loyalty with NPS, measure your overall brand satisfaction, and more.

You’ll understand not just what your customers are doing, but why.

Why do my visitors abandon their carts before purchasing?
What do people think of our new site navigation?
When should we start launching new product options?
What is the demographic makeup of our website visitors?
Are our visitors interested in doing user research interviews with us?
See a demo website surveyLearn more

Learn

Advanced filtering and segmentation

Iterate’s user-friendly filtering tools empower you to dig deep into the issues that matter most to your customers, and understand at a glance how they’re feeling and why.

Getting overwhelmed with text responses?

Asking customers to tell you what they think in their own words yields crucial insights about your business, yet it can leave you with far too many responses to read through yourself.

Introducing: Research Assistant

Iterate’s AI-powered Research Assistant reads through and analyzes text responses to understand how your customers are feeling and why, so you never miss a chance to improve.

Our advanced natural language processing capabilities seamlessly handle responses in any language, effortlessly breaking down language barriers and expanding your global reach.

Translate text responses into valuable insights »
Automated AI reads up to 10+ million
responses in real-time
Uncovers key topics and related
customer sentiment
Alerts you to new and emerging areas
of concern

Act

Seamless integration with the tools you use daily

Iterate’s customer insights flow directly into the apps and tools used by all the teams at your business that are customer-focused: product, marketing, user research, and sales.

“… getting this feedback was invaluable!”

We help companies get the feedback they need, so they can develop the products and experiences their consumers will love.

“Iterate was such a quick way for us to spin up questions on both our existing UX and our ideas for future features – in a really on-brand, quick, and code-less way.”

–Michael Pollak, Chief Experience Officer at Heyday

“We love using Iterate for customer surveys, as opposed to Google Forms. It is super easy to build an on-brand survey & then analyze that data to share with our team.”

–Erin Marino, Director of Marketing at The Sill
Read more from our customers
CNBC
IFTTT
Misfits Market
SeatGeek
Paperless Post
Birchbox
ClassPass
Bloom & Wild
Native
HeyDay
The Sill
Boll & Branch
Current
Scentbird
Freshly
Enterprise level security, with no compromise.

Your customer’s trust is important to you - and it’s important to us too.
That’s why we’re serious about privacy & security.

Learn more about security at Iterate ↗
Create a free trial account today

Start your free 14-day trial now, no credit card required.

Start your free trialGet a demo
Two week free trial

Prices scale based on usage

Iterate runs on popular apps, and from micro-blogs to Fortune 500 dot coms.

Hear from any audience size, send millions of email surveys per month.

Access all the features, send unlimited surveys and gather the insights you need.

Learn more about our pricing
PRODUCTS
In-app mobile surveys
One-click email surveys
Embedded website surveys
Inline website surveysBETA
Research Assistant
Integrations
Pricing
INTEGRATIONS
Airship integration
Braze integration
CleverTap integration
Iterable integration
MoEngage integration
Shopify integration
FullStory, HubSpot, Klaviyo,
Mixpanel, Salesforce, Zapier,
and many more integrations...
CASE STUDIES
Customer Stories
Match Group
Quizlet
ALTERNATIVES
Iterate vs Delighted
COMPANY
Careers
Security
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
SUPPORT
Help center
Live chat
API docs
Contact us

© Iterate 2016 – 2025. All rights reserved.

Made with ♥ & ⛏’s