Ithaca College | Tops in Undergraduate Teaching Skip to main content Ithaca College Closed Dec. 24 through Jan. 4 Offices will reopen at 8:30 a.m. on Monday, January 5th. The Office of Public Safety will remain open and can be reached day or night at 607-274-3333. Athletics Alumni Events News Giving Tools Icon / Caret Created with Sketch. Directories Campus Map Course Catalog Apps VISIT APPLY Icon / Caret Created with Sketch. Undergraduate Graduate Admission Icon / Caret Created with Sketch. Life at IC Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition & Financial Aid Visit Academics Icon / Caret Created with Sketch. Business Communications Health Sciences and Human Performance Humanities and Sciences Music, Theatre, and Dance IC Resources About Icon / Caret Created with Sketch. Office of the President Ithaca College at a Glance Awards and Accolades Five-Year Strategic Plan Icon / Search Icon / Menu Created with Sketch. Icon / Close Created with Sketch. Search Discover all you can be at IC! Get ready to thrive in a community where passion and purpose collide. Apply Today Home Unlock Your True Potential At Ithaca College, you’ll transform daily experiences into storyboards, compositions, and business plans. You’ll discover opportunities to learn in late-night conversations or courtside chats. You’ll expand your potential and unlock your whole self. Academic Programs and Schools We’re a natural home for thinkers and explorers. Choose from more than 70 undergraduate majors and 18 graduate degrees, and work with mentors who will support and stretch your talents. See Programs, Schools, and Faculty Search Majors and Minors Search Majors Icon / Search Use our search tool to find more than 140 majors, minors, and other program options. Undergraduate Admission On our collaborative campus, undergraduates work alongside faculty—and one another—in more than 70 majors and 70 minors, student organizations, and other exciting opportunities to spark questions and inspire solutions. Graduate Admission Develop your expertise and invigorate your long-term potential with professional degree programs, practical leadership courses, and specialized certificates. Cost + Financial Aid Paying for college can feel overwhelming. Our office is here to help you determine costs and navigate financial aid applications. Scholarships Our scholarships for new students are offered to those who excel in academics, artistic talent, community service, and leadership—or meet special circumstances. Visit Us! Experience the power of IC’s eclectic and energized community! Plan a tour on campus, or check out one of our virtual tours. Ithaca Commitment No surprises. No secrets. No stress. Know the full cost of your next four years —from day one.  At Ithaca College we want to make figuring out how much your education will cost a little easier. Simplified financial aid process Four-year financial forecast One-on-one financial aid appointments A free IC Advantage course you can take online the summer before your first semester More about Our Commitment to You IC Stories Featured Story From First Post to Full Time IC students, alumni, and faculty are amassing huge followings with videos and social media content to entertain, inform, and inspire audiences worldwide. Read More IC Highlights Masciari ’15 holiday film premieres in Binghamton Dec. 18 Read More Rowing Coach Becky Robinson inducted into CRCA Hall Read More IC Expands Public EV Charging Network Across Campus Read More Congrats to IC’s Liberty League Performers of the Week Read More 111 Bombers named to Liberty League All-Academic Teams Read More IC profs Drake & Hamilton publish Mindful by Nature Read More Latest Stories Katelyn Hutchison Won’t Apologize Former track star’s unconventional style made her a rising star in track and field reporting. Read More The Work Ahead Ithaca College’s December graduates step forward with purpose, courage, and a charge to shape what comes next. Read More IC Completes Major Expansion of Public Electric Vehicle Charging Network New stations strengthen sustainability efforts, expand public access, and reinforce IC’s role as Ithaca’s College. Read More SEE ALL NEWS Life at IC Explore our distinctive community. Revel in the music. Head to a game. Join a Service Saturday. We’re a natural habitat for next-gen thinkers, innovators, performers, and seekers looking to make things happen. Immerse Yourself in Life at IC Academic Support Center We help students strategize and connect with IC resources that support academic, social, and financial wellness. Health, Wellness, and Support We offer an extensive array of mental and physical wellness services including counseling, coaching, and fitness centers. About Ithaca, New York "Gorge-ous" Ithaca, New York, has been ranked a #1 college town in the U.S. There's a good chance you won't run out of new things to do or places to explore. Create Your Own Story You’ll write adventures and overcome obstacles in new ways. Whether you have goals in place or you haven’t decided what your future holds, opportunities at Ithaca will allow you to explore your potential to its fullest. Find Your Passion “What do I want to do with my life—and how can I do it?” "What are my career possibilities?" Mentors in our Center for Career Exploration and Development can help. Visit Our Career Center Discover Your Community Build your leadership skills and expand your social circles through 200+ student organizations, clubs, and service opportunities. Learn about Student Organizations Design Your Life Join our vibrant residential community. Live and learn, meet new friends, and attend lectures,  performances, and other fun events. See What Campus Life Has to Offer Featured Events We keep busy at Ithaca College. Join us for concerts and stage performances, lectures and workshops, athletic events, club meetings, art exhibitions, and dozens of other opportunities to engage in the here and now. Jan 15 Thursday, 12 PM - 8:30 PM Spring Orientation View our full IC Events Calendar Push Boundaries, Unearth Discoveries Our community thrives as students form connections, ask questions, uncover solutions, and challenge the status quo. We celebrate achievements while aiming for more progress and new discoveries ahead. 290+ Hands-On Spaces Studios, stages, clinics, and laboratories help you hone your craft, whether you’re in the arts, health fields, business, media, or sciences. $215M Overall Awards were made in grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study to IC students last year. 150 Waterfalls Near Campus Natural splendor is never in short supply in Ithaca, including cascading water. "Ithaca is gorges” for a reason. Get to Know Us Discover how IC could be part of your story. Learn More About Us and Begin Your Story 953 Danby Road, Ithaca, NY 14850 (607) 274-3011 Footer menu Contact Directory Emergency Directions Visit Virtual Tour Make a Gift Accessibility Guide Employment Safety facebook icon Created with Sketch. Facebook instagram icon Created with Sketch. Instagram youtube icon Created with Sketch. YouTube Threads icon Threads TikTock icon TikTok © 2025 Ithaca College. All rights reserved Non-Discrimination Statement | Privacy Policy