Information Technology and Innovation Foundation - The leading think tank for science and technology policy. Skip to content News Press Releases News Clips Media Contacts Get Our Newsletters Events Events Presentations Publications Publication Types Reports & Briefings Commentary Testimonies & Filings Books & Edited Volumes Knowledge Bases Podcasts Issue Areas Clean Energy Innovation & Competitiveness IT & Data Life Sciences Broadband & Spectrum Trade & Globalization Regions Africa Asia-Pacific Canada China Europe Global Latin America United Kingdom Big Tech Policy Tracker Tech Policy To-Do List Technology Explainers Centers Aegis Project for Defending U.S. Tech Leadership Center for Clean Energy Innovation Center for Data Innovation Center for Life Sciences Innovation Center for Korean Innovation and Competitiveness Centre for Canadian Innovation and Competitiveness Hamilton Center on Industrial Strategy Schumpeter Project on Competition Policy About About ITIF Staff Board Affiliated Experts Supporters Jobs Donate ITIF Mapping Industrial Strength: US Machine Tool Production and Consumption Machine tools are key to and indicative of the health of a nation’s manufacturing sector. The United States lags behind in both the production and consumption of machine tools, especially compared with other high-wage economies. Marshaling National Power Industries to Preserve America’s Strength and Thwart China’s Bid for Global Dominance China is on the march to dominate advanced industries that underpin national power in the 21st century. To protect U.S. economic strength and national security, policymakers must jettison old techno-economic and trade policy doctrines and adopt a new national power industry strategy. US National Power Industries Are at Risk Instead of treating manufacturing as a monolith to be revived, policymakers must focus on national power industries. These industries protect U.S. national defense and economic security, and are eroding at an alarming rate. Get email updates from the think tank at the forefront of tech policy: Subscribe Defending American Tech in Global Markets “Non-tariff attacks” on U.S. tech companies are not just tax and regulatory hurdles—they are also eroding America’s strategic edge. Washington must identify, deter, and counter these measures in order to prevent ceding U.S. technology leadership to other nations. How NIH-Funded Science Supports US Biopharmaceutical Innovation NIH-funded research supports the foundation for industry to develop vaccines and therapies, exemplifying deep public-private R&D complementarity. As global competition intensifies, expanding NIH funding will be key to protecting American health, supporting U.S. biopharmaceutical competitiveness, and ensuring national power and security. How the Proposed UK Cyber Security and Resilience Bill Can Unlock Growth in the Nation’s Cyber Insurance Market The UK’s proposed Cyber Security and Resilience Bill presents a much-needed opportunity to kickstart the growth of the UK’s lagging cyber insurance market, which will make businesses more resilient to the increasing frequency and significance of cyberattacks. Still Insignificant: An Update on Concentration in the US Economy Despite evidence to the contrary, a persistent narrative during the past two administrations has been that corporate power is getting increasingly concentrated, ergo antitrust breakups are warranted. But the latest Census Bureau data once again puts the lie to that argument. The United States Needs Data Centers, and Data Centers Need Energy, but That Is Not Necessarily a Problem Electricity demand is growing rapidly and starting to strain the grid. Instead of slowing the growth of data centers, the United States should deploy new technologies and strategies to efficiently increase grid capacity while accelerating new generation and transmission. Decoupling Risks: How Semiconductor Export Controls Could Harm US Chipmakers and Innovation U.S. export controls on semiconductor sales to China reduce U.S. chipmakers’ revenues, lower their R&D investment capabilities, and reduce industry employment. As such, U.S. policymakers should keep semiconductor export controls to a minimum. From Outside Assaults to Insider Threats: Chinese Economic Espionage China’s campaign of economic espionage against the United States spans cyber intrusions, insider theft, and technology transfer disguised as collaboration. Washington must recognize that Beijing is operating an elaborate espionage ecosystem and take strategic measures to disrupt it. How Some Chinese Companies Obscure Ties to China and What Policymakers Should Do About It Certain Chinese companies obscure their ownership and strategic intent in the U.S. economy, gaining access to markets, talent, intellectual property, and subsidies. These practices advance China’s industrial and military goals and necessitate stronger oversight measures. Backfire: Export Controls Helped Huawei and Hurt U.S. Firms Huawei is a more innovative company today than it was before the U.S. government sought to choke its supply chain. This case should serve as a lesson: U.S. techno-economic power is weaker than most think, and sanctions often hurt U.S. competitiveness more than China’s. How Data-Rich Workplaces Can Improve Worker Safety, Health, and Experience A productive approach to emerging workplace technologies would focus on two overarching goals: 1) accelerating development, testing, and adoption, and 2) supporting positive uses of the technology while mitigating negative ones. EU Should Improve Transparency in the Digital Services Act The implementation of the Digital Services Act’s transparency obligations fails to provide meaningful insight into online platforms’ content moderation decisions, the extraterritorial effects of the act, and its effects on online speech. Rethinking Antitrust: The Case for Dynamic Competition Policy Antitrust policy relies too heavily on static models that focus on prices and market shares while treating innovation as external. A dynamic approach that views competition as a process of innovation is better suited to guiding policy in today’s technology-driven economy. Tip of the Iceberg: Understanding the Full Depth of Big Tech’s Contribution to US Innovation and Competitiveness While critics attack “big tech” from many angles, these five companies develop frontier technologies that require large-scale development, build infrastructure ranging from data centers to subsea cables, and create spillovers from health care to nuclear energy. One Law Sets South Korea’s AI Policy—and One Weak Link Could Break It By uniting strategy, promotion, and regulation in a single law, South Korea has given itself a powerful instrument to shape AI—but its blunt regulatory mandates threaten to drag down the very strengths that make the act ambitious. Latin American Subnational Innovation Competitiveness Index 2.0 This report ranks more than 200 regions across Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, and the United States on 13 commonly available indicators of innovation competitiveness, and offers policymakers a guide to bolstering regional and national innovation capacity. Don’t Let Chinese EV Makers Manufacture in the United States Chinese electric vehicle makers have benefited from aggressive state-sponsored mercantilist policies that have enabled them to produce lower-cost vehicles than foreign competitors can. They should not be allowed to manufacture their products in the United States. How Reducing Federal R&D Reduces GDP Growth Cutting federal investments in R&D may appear to save billions in the budget, but it could cost the economy trillions. In fact, ITIF estimates that cutting federal R&D by 20 percent would cost the U.S. economy up to almost $1.5 trillion compared with China’s growth pace. How the Universal Service Fund Can Better Serve Consumers While Spending Less Congress should reform and refocus the Universal Service Fund. It spends too much money, prioritizes the wrong problems, and funds it all with a high, sector-specific tax rate. Congress should reduce the overall size of the program and fund it with general revenue. China Plans to Dominate a Key Semiconductor Material Beijing has provided significant support to its domestic polysilicon industry in a drive to establish Chinese firms as the dominant global suppliers of solar-grade polysilicon—and it wants its firms to expand their share of semiconductor-grade polysilicon. The Economic Costs of Public Subsidies for Freight Transportation Federal freight policy effectively incentivizes the most damaging and least efficient mode of freight transport—trucking—by underpricing access to public infrastructure. A restructured, mode-neutral cost system would encourage more efficient, safer, and environmentally sustainable freight transportation, better serving taxpayers, drivers, and the economy. How Digital Services Empower SMEs and Start-Ups Digital services are the key to unlocking growth for small- and medium-sized enterprises in today’s economy. They help firms overcome financial constraints, close skills gaps, and boost productivity. Policymakers should incentivize SMEs to capitalize on those opportunities. Lessons From France’s Nuclear Program France has embarked on an ambitious program to build at least six new large nuclear reactors, applying lessons from recent overruns and delays. While success is far from guaranteed, there are important lessons for the United States as it seeks to jump-start its own nuclear sector through recent ambitious executive orders. How Chinese Online Marketplaces Fuel Counterfeits Chinese e-commerce platforms facilitate sales of counterfeit products, threatening U.S. intellectual property, fair competition, and consumer safety. Policymakers should take action to hold these platforms accountable and protect American consumers and businesses. A Shot at a Healthier Future: The Transformative Potential of GLP-1s Obesity affects over 42 percent of U.S. adults, costing the nation more than $400 billion annually. Traditional weight-loss methods alone have proved to be insufficient in addressing this growing public health burden. But GLP-1 receptor agonists now offer the potential to profoundly transform obesity care. Public policies should support their wider adoption. A Time to Act: Policies to Strengthen the US Robotics Industry Robots are the future. It is time for Congress and the administration to take a number of straightforward and affordable steps to boost U.S. robotics innovation and adoption. A Truck Mileage Traveled Tax to Enhance US Roadway Sustainability Insufficient, inequitable, and poorly incentivized tax structures are leading to counterproductive behaviors in the trucking industry that threaten the sustainability of the U.S. highway network. An axle-adjusted vehicle mileage traveled tax would address many of these inefficiencies and help address the shortfall to ensure the sustainability of the U.S. Interstate network. Broadband Convergence Is Creating More Competition Multiple broadband technologies are delivering high-speed Internet service to consumers, creating even more robust competition. Yet, regulations are misaligned with market realities and should be updated to help maximize the consumer benefits of this increasing competition. Letter to the Trump Administration Regarding Non-Tariff Attacks on US Tech Firms and Industries Foreign governments are systematically deploying policies that constitute non-tariff attacks (NTAs) on America’s leading technology companies. ITIF and other think tank scholars and policy experts urge the administration to put these unfair NTAs on the U.S. trade agenda and insist that America’s trading partners address them. Congress Should Fully Fund NSF’s TIP Directorate to Make America More Competitive Versus China Congress has authorized $20 billion over five years to fund the National Science Foundation’s Technology Innovation Partnership, but lawmakers have appropriated just $410 million. To win the techno-economic war with China, America needs the TIP directorate to be fully funded. How America’s Trading Partners Are Reacting to US Tariffs Global Trade and Innovation Policy Alliance (GTIPA) members from 17 countries analyzed how their economies are reacting to U.S. tariffs. Many countries are seeking to support their local producers and establish trade arrangements that are less reliant on the United States. The Bayh-Dole Act’s Role in Stimulating University-Led Regional Economic Growth Universities play a pivotal role in America’s technology economy, serving as a crucial source of research, inventions, patents, start-up technology companies, and regional economic and employment growth. The Bayh-Dole Act has played an instrumental role in spurring academic technology transfer activities that serve as vital drivers of American innovation. Blocking Access to Foreign Pirate Sites: A Long-Overdue Task for Congress More than a decade after the overheated SOPA/PIPA debate, experience from around the world shows that blocking access to piracy websites is an effective way to protect copyright holders and increase legal content consumption without harming legal commerce or free expression. AR/VR’s Potential in Health Care AR/VR innovation needs to accelerate in order to meet the critical demands of health care. Policymakers should empower and fund immersive technologies in the health-care industry because of the long-term cost saving benefits and positive impact on patient care. Short-Circuited: How Semiconductor Tariffs Would Harm the U.S. Economy and Digital Industry Leadership Imposing blanket tariffs on U.S. semiconductor imports would imperil U.S. leadership across a broad range of digital and nondigital industries while significantly decreasing U.S. economic growth, raising prices, and jeopardizing broader U.S. manufacturing competitiveness. “Big Pharma” Is a Normal Industry President Trump has announced his intention to regulate U.S. drug prices. But the arguments in favor of doing so are wrong. Price controls reduce development of new treatments and cures, and hurt U.S. biopharmaceutical competitiveness. South Korean Policy in the Trump and China Era: Broad-Based Technological Innovation, Not Just Export-Led Growth In the Trump and China era, South Korea must move beyond export-led growth. Scaling up small firms and boosting productivity in services must be national imperatives. EU Regulatory Actions Against US Tech Companies Are a De Facto Tariff System EU policymakers frame their legislative and regulatory actions against U.S. tech companies as measures to promote competition and protect consumers. But they operate as protectionist trade barriers and revenue-generating mechanisms. Toward Globalization 2.0: A New Trade Policy Framework for Advanced-Industry Leadership and National Power Globalization 1.0 has failed, but protectionist autarky cannot be its replacement. Instead, it is past time to craft a new kind of globalization that advances U.S. interests in key industries and prevents China from becoming the dominant techno-economic power. How China’s State-Backed E-Commerce Platforms Threaten American Consumers and U.S. Technology Leadership China’s industrial strategy calls for gaining market share in e-commerce to expand its global influence, financial footprint, and ability to compete in AI. Policymakers should act now to avoid leaving U.S. platforms at a structural disadvantage and exposing U.S. consumers to harm. A Policymaker’s Guide to Digital Antitrust Regulation Rather than adopt the European Union’s model for regulating competition, policymakers considering how to govern digital markets should carefully evaluate whether digital antitrust regulation is justified and consider whether concerns about anticompetitive behavior can be addressed with less intrusive and more cost-effective tools. The Trade Imbalance Index: Where the Trump Administration Should Take Action to Address Trade Distortions As the Trump administration seeks to rebalance America’s trade relationships, it should focus the most attention on countries where U.S. industries face the worst trade distortions and imbalances, and where the greatest gains can be achieved for the U.S. economy. China, India, and the European Union top that list. What’s New The United States Should Retain International Graduates to Meet Demand for STEM Talent (Innovation Files Commentary) Korea’s “Online Platform Fairness” Bill Risks Becoming a Digital Non-Tariff Barrier (Innovation Files Commentary) Venture Capital and Advanced Technologies Drive US Employment (Innovation Files Commentary) Sunsetting Section 230 Would Harm Platforms, Users, and the Digital Economy, Says ITIF An Important Metric Policymaker Should Watch: Foreign Receipts as a Share of GDP (Innovation Files Commentary) Fixing Music Royalties Through the American Music Fairness Act (Innovation Files Commentary) Export Controls Should Advance US Semiconductor Leadership (Innovation Files Commentary) Comments to OSTP Regarding Accelerating the American Scientific Enterprise Trump Administration Gets H200 Chip Sales to China Right and Wrong (Innovation Files Commentary) US Brain Drain Threatens Scientific and Biopharmaceutical Leadership (Pharma Factual Commentary) AI’s Job Impact: Gains Outpace Losses (Innovation Files Commentary) Misunderstanding the British Industrial Revolution Is Reinforcing Technology Pessimism About AI (In the Arena Commentary) Comments to Federal Communications Commission Regarding Eliminating Barriers to Wireless Deployments Comments to FCC Regarding Transition of Communications Networks in the US to All IP Technology The Missing Canary in America’s Innovation Mine (Innovation Files Op-Art) Political Pressure on Platforms Undermines Free Speech (Innovation Files Commentary) Europe’s ePrivacy Reforms Are Too Late—and Too Small (Center for Data Innovation Commentary) A Very Heraclitean (and Schumpeterian) Decision: Meta Prevails Against the FTC (Innovation Files Commentary) Comments to International Trade Administration Regarding the American AI Exports Program iRobot Bankruptcy and Planned Sale to China-Based Entity Show Risks of Misguided Antitrust Policy, Says ITIF Will AI Be the Next Growth Engine? Let’s Hope So (Innovation Files Commentary) Comments to Office of Science and Technology Policy Regarding a Strategic Plan for Advanced Manufacturing Why the DMA Interoperability Investigations Poison Innovation (Center for Data Innovation Commentary) The White House AI Order Sends the Right Message on Fragmented State Laws, Says the Center for Data Innovation The X Fine Highlights Europe’s Growing Regulatory Overreach (Innovation Files Commentary) Hey EU, Did Ya See the Memo? (In the Arena Commentary) Comments to the FCC Regarding Empowering Local Broadcast TV Stations to Meet Their Public Interest Obligations EU Antitrust Probe into Google’s AI Use Risks Locking in the Status Quo, Says Center for Data Innovation Australia's Social Media Ban for Youth Sets Dangerous Global Precedent, Says ITIF Banning AI Superintelligence Would Be a Historic Mistake (Op-Ed in The Dispatch) Europe Writes the Rules and the World Pays the Price (Center for Data Innovation Commentary) Getting Korea's Narrative Right: AGI Is a Productivity Shock, Not a Justification for Public Compute (Innovation Files Commentary) Comments to European Commission Regarding Joint Guidelines on the Interplay Between DMA and GDPR Innovation Doesn’t Equal Productivity, and Patents Don’t Always Represent Innovation (In the Arena Commentary) Comments to the FCC Regarding Transfer of Spectrum Licenses Held by EchoStar to AT&T and SpaceX Reducing Trade Friction Can Strengthen the U.S.–India Technology Partnership (Innovation Files Commentary) Toward a Truly “America First” Antitrust: Responding to Commissioner Meador (Innovation Files Commentary) Information Technology & Innovation Foundation 700 K Street NW, Suite 600 Washington, DC 20001 [email protected] | (202) 449-1351 Map & Directions Affiliated Projects Global Trade & Innovation Policy Alliance Innovate4Health Support Our Work Structured content powered by Sanity.io Copyright Notice | Privacy Policy Sitemap