itslearning Learning Management System Skip to content Close Why itslearning Testimonials Privacy commitment Implementation Service Additional Services How to choose the best LMS Education Level Primary Education Secondary Education Vocational Education Higher Education Lifelong Learning International Schools Solution LMS features New Features & Updates Take the tour Lesson Planning Assessment Insights Communication Administration Integrations Product Roadmap Learn AI Principles Resources Mobile App Product Updates Blog Events Pricing Contact Us Support Get in touch Service status About Us The itslearning story Leadership Team Careers Request a demo Login Log in Why itslearning Testimonials Privacy commitment Implementation Service Additional Services How to choose the best LMS Education Level Primary Education Secondary Education Vocational Education Higher Education Lifelong Learning International Schools Solution LMS features New Features & Updates Take the tour Lesson Planning Assessment Insights Communication Administration Integrations Product Roadmap Learn AI Principles Resources Mobile App Product Updates Blog Events Pricing Contact Us Support Get in touch Service status About Us The itslearning story Leadership Team Careers Request a demo Login TESTIMONIALS Explore customer stories and how our products helped solve problems and meet their needs. PRIVACY You control your data. itslearning ensures privacy for all users, from staff to students. HOW TO CHOOSE THE BEST LMS Guidance on differentiating, selecting and implementing the right LMS. IMPLEMENTATION We tailor your LMS with expert support from planning to launch and ongoing improvement. ADDITIONAL SERVICES Need training, setup help or integration support? Our team is here to assist you. NEW CUSTOMERS See how new itslearning customers are using the platform to enhance teaching and learning. FEATURED CUSTOMER STORY Seamless integration: Arcada's digitalisation with itslearning and SISU PRIMARY EDUCATION Easily create engaging lesson plans, motivate learners and communicate with parents. SECONDARY EDUCATION Tailor lessons, assignments, and assessments to align with your school's specific goals. VOCATIONAL EDUCATION A flexible learning management system for self-paced learning that suits students' lifestyles. HIGHER EDUCATION Helping lecturers create customised courses to improve teaching and learning. LIFELONG LEARNING Helping lectures easily structure, reuse and share course plans. INTERNATIONAL SCHOOLS Designed to grow with your school, adaptable, aligned, and ready for what’s next. FEATURED RESOURCE Webinar | Learning and assessment - part 2 ITSLEARNING FEATURES Extensive functionality, complementing great teaching. LESSON PLANNING Make planning easy with our tools to organise and streamline lessons. ASSESSMENT Quizzes, surveys and peer assessment for collaboration and critical thinking. INSIGHTS Reporting tools to evaluate student progress for informed decision-making. TAKE THE TOUR Co-developed with teachers, itslearning offers real solutions for the classroom. COMMUNICATION Live announcements, reminders, ensuring a safe and respectful space. NEW FEATURES & UPDATES Stay informed on all the key launches and updates on the platform. ADMINISTRATION Admin tools that centralise tasks and fit your institution’s needs. INTEGRATIONS Partnering with companies that improve education through technology. PRODUCT ROADMAP Our roadmap guides our priorities, focusing on customer needs. itslearning-2025.12.4 product updates WEEKLY PRODUCT UPDATES PRICING A full LMS with guaranteed uptime and flexible pricing. AI PRINCIPLES Using AI to aid learning, with a strict focus on data safety, ethics and privacy. RESOURCES Content including ebooks, webinars and guides to support teaching. MOBILE APP The new app helps teachers and students, with regular updates for a better experience. PRODUCT UPDATES itslearning posts weekly updates with bug fixes and new features for all users. ITSLEARNING BLOG A rich source of valuable insights, knowledge and inspiration. EVENTS Connecting with the education community through events. NEWSLETTER Keep up to date with product updates, events and educational resources. FEATURED POST A more accessible and modern Resource Page SUPPORT Provides tools, updates, and resources to enhance teaching and learning. GET IN TOUCH Contact us and a member of itslearning will do their very best to help you. SERVICE STATUS Get real-time and historical data on system performance. IDEAS PORTAL Add a new product idea or vote on an existing idea. THE ITSLEARNING STORY Passionate about changing lives through education. CAREERS Join our team to help students and teachers improve learning around the world. INNOVATION SUMMIT Join us for an exclusive event aboard the Sunborn Yacht, ExCel, London itslearning empowers teachers and helps all students reach their full potential. An LMS designed for teaching itslearning is easy to use, saves time and works for all levels of education. REQUEST A DEMO TAKE THE TOUR Easy Simple to set up and use. itslearning automates your routine tasks, so you can focus on teaching. Efficient From plans to assignments and reports. All you need, connected seamlessly in one LMS platform. Empowering Connect with your students. Keep them engaged with positive feedback and personalised education. Built on what works. Made for what’s next. Who we are We are a Norwegian company built on a simple belief: good things happen when people work together. Let’s be honest, no piece of technology will ever replace a great teacher, but it can help with the everyday tasks that take up time. Since 1999, we have grown and learned alongside teachers, using real classroom experience to shape practical tools. Our platform evolves with them because education never stands still. Rooted in Nordic values of equality, trust and collaboration, we design technology that aims to make learning more accessible and to support teachers and students in a shared space. Test In the spotlight Additional Services Catalogue Join the itslearning Educators' Collective DATA & PRIVACY POLICY Privacy Commitment Boost learning with the New itslearning App DECISION GUIDE How to Choose the Best LMS 'Tw Elf' Days of itslearning Win an itslearning gift bundle worth over €100 this holiday season! New Features & Product Updates itslearning features The Power of an LMS CUSTOMER STORY Arcada's digitalisation with itslearning and SISU Take the Tour View all episodes | Podcast channels What's the latest at itslearning? All blog posts Start Reading A more accessible and modern Resource Page Start Reading The long-term value of a well-designed LMS Start Reading European schools share their secrets to successful LMS implementation Start Reading Data Protection, User-Friendliness & Accessibility: Why Schools Trust itslearning Together we help you elevate learning Integration Partnering with top tech experts, we seamlessly integrate their learning tools into itslearning. Enjoy hundreds of integrations with just one login. Learn more about Integrations › Implementation Empowering educators to create engaging learning environments. Trust us as your education partner, standing by your side every step of the way. Learn more about Implementation › Privacy With advanced security measures, we are committed to protecting your valuable information, providing you with peace of mind. Learn more about our Privacy Commitment › Most popular feature itslearning Plans A teacher once told us, ‘if itslearning is at the heart of education, Plans is at the heart of itslearning.’ Why do teachers love Plans so much? Because it gives students structure and sequence, so they always know exactly what they need to do and when. Read more about plans How itslearning supports education Christin Klubben Principal at Bremnes Ungdomsskule "itslearning is specifically developed for schools, and the other systems are not. In addition, the platform has undergone a major boost during the pandemic and the subject renewal has been integrated in a very good way." Read case study Christina Philippi Teacher and system administrator at  Friedrich-Harkort-Schule "We were looking for a uniform, legally compliant communication system and a GDPR-compliant filing system. In addition, we wanted to eliminate existing duplicate structures, both digital and analogue, and simplify the processes in the organization and administration of school and teaching." Read case study Tuija Arola Development Director at Eduko "Our collaboration with itslearning has greatly enhanced our teaching methods. The platform's user-friendly interface and robust features have allowed us to create a dynamic and engaging learning environment for our students." Read case study Sebastian Telschow Teacher and Digitalisation team member at Werner-von-Siemens Gymnasium "Our need for digital infrastructure predated the pandemic, but it undoubtedly acted as a catalyst, as it did in various domains. After assessing all available learning platforms, it was evident that we wanted itslearning because it was designed with teachers and students in mind." Read case study Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer Digitalisation Manager at Arcada “itslearning provides all the necessary information reliably and in a summarised form. A reliable environment, without interruptions or disruptions. Support is also always available, but there has been little need for it.” Read case study Malin Nermark CEO at Aspero Friskolor "The student documentation is what reaches the most roles: students, teachers, guardians, mentors, head teachers, special needs teachers and the principal. The student health service can also access the information. This is a huge strength. I have not seen this with other suppliers in the same way. " Read case study Isto Hakala Pedagogical Development Supervisor at Central Ostrobothnia Vocational College “There was some resistance from teachers at the beginning, because of their poor experience with our previous LMS. But over time they have realised the value of having a centralised hub. The converts, the teachers who we struggled hardest to convince, have become the best advocates and messengers for the use of itslearning." Read case study Annette Granberg Teacher and implementation team leader at Prakticum “We wanted our teachers to have a variety of tools beyond just creating and grading assignments. Google Classroom is a simple to use platform but it didn’t have those necessary tools.” Read case study Rolf Næss Head of Media & Communication at Metis Upper Secondary School "In order for students to learn, they have to have an overview. Having a good learning platform is a great advantage." Read case study Troels Hviid Pedersen Pedagogical IT-Coordinator at SOSU H “We now have a platform that integrates all the tools the students need, and improves the overall educational experience. We are happy that itslearning makes this possible.” Read case study Proud to partner with… Ready to get started? Every organisation’s needs are unique, and so are our product demonstrations. In your tailored walkthrough, we’ll highlight the tools and features most relevant to you, and share success stories from institutions like yours. REQUEST A DEMO The learning platform designed for teaching. itslearning is easy to use, saves time and works in all levels of education. © itslearning - a Sanoma company. All rights reserved. ABOUT Leadership team Careers Privacy GDPR Cookie policy Imprint (German) PRODUCT LMS features Take the tour Integrations Product roadmap Mobile App Get a free demo WebUntis LEARN Blog Resources Events Webinar Recordings Subscribe to Newsletter HELP Support Contact us Service status