ITWeb | Business Technology Media Community Sectors Companies About Subscribe HAPPY HOLIDAYS NEWS INSIGHTS EVENTS VIDEOS Search Company News Upgrading OpenText VIM? Proceed Group When it’s AI vs AI, humans and security culture become crucial Arctic Wolf Networks From maritime gateway to digital hub: Mauritius Telecom's cloud transformation Huawei Cloud Reflex partners with Virtuozzo to launch cloud environment First Distribution Beyond the happy path: How top software development companies handle the work that really matters BBD Telkom’s smarter networks: Driving efficiency, environmental responsibility and universal access Telkom Risk-ready vs risk-exposed: The cyber resilience divide Cohesity Bringing clarity to cloud collaboration: A new governance advantage for SA organisations Cloud on Demand RPA is dead: The enterprise automation paradigm has shifted to agentic AI Ovations DBE to defend bid to block matric results publication Just ahead of the release of matric results, the Information Regulator is going back to court to stop their publication in the media. Nicola Mawson InfoReg sticks to guns against publishing of matric results The Information Regulator has vowed to continue its efforts to block the publication of the 2025 matric results in the media. Admire Moyo SoftBank adds $22.5bn investment in Open AI The company’s aggregate ownership interest in ChatGPT developer OpenAI is now approximately 11%. Admire Moyo City Power’s IT systems suffer outages The system disruption affects the logging of service queries, outage reports, dispatching of technical teams, and access to customer account information. Admire Moyo Former IBM CEO Lou Gerstner dies Current IBM chairman and CEO Arvind Krishna informs employees of Gerstner’s death in an e-mail. Admire Moyo IT gurus join Nedbank board The big-four bank has appointed Natasha Davydova and Sanat Rao to its board of directors’ Group IT Committee. Admire Moyo Honor hits 1m smartphone sales in SA The Chinese smartphone maker sells over one million smartphones in South Africa, while advancing AI-driven and accessible technology. Admire Moyo AI engineer uses data to cut hospital readmissions Sylvester Tafirenyika is using research-driven, privacy-first systems to help clinicians reduce avoidable hospital readmissions and improve patient care. Staff Writer 2025 marks turning point for Cell C The company says 2025 marked a turnaround year, highlighted by a return to profitability, a JSE listing, and expanded network, retail and device partnerships. Admire Moyo Tribunal approves Vumatel’s takeover of Herotel The Competition Tribunal has approved the merger in which Vumatel will acquire control of Herotel. Staff Writer Transnet to pay Gijima R60m as R1.5bn IT deal arbitrated The dispute over a R1.5 billion contract is now set to be resolved through arbitration. Nicola Mawson Bitcoin loses ‘radical’ edge amid tariffs, whale selling Geopolitical upheaval and whale exits marked Bitcoin's volatile 2025, as it evolves from speculative asset into institutional investment play. Nicola Mawson E-tags now at major toll plazas across SA SANRAL’s automated toll lanes and e-tags ensure uninterrupted mobility and a single toll bill for long-distance journeys. Staff Writer Upcoming Events 10 February 2026 Breaking The Tech Siloes To Enable Business Growth WEBINAR 12 February 2026 ITWeb Data Insights Summit 2026 CONFERENCE 5 March 2026 ITWeb Security in Finance Conference 2026 CONFERENCE 25 March 2026 ITWeb Security Summit CISO Retreat 2026 EXECUTIVE ROUNDTABLE Opinion and insight Pic of the day Cartoon NEWS Home Africa Sectors Companies Newsletters EVENTS About Events ABOUT About us Contact us Advertising on ITWeb Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Competition Policy INSIGHTS In depth Features Industry solutions White papers Research Surveys home Opinion & Insight Industry insights Tech forums Brainstorm Home Directories VIDEOS ITWeb TV Event Videos Industry Videos News Round Up Videos Interviews Unboxing BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY MEDIA COMMUNITY About us Contact us Advertising on ITWeb Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Competition Policy BEE Publications ITWeb Africa Brainstorm Magazine CIO Directory CISO Directory ITWeb proudly displays the 'FAIR' stamp of the Press Council of South Africa, indicating our commitment to adhere to the Code of Ethics for Print and online media which prescribes that our reportage is truthful, accurate and fair. Should you wish to lodge a complaint about our news coverage, please lodge a complaint on the Press Council’s website, www.presscouncil.org.za or email the complaint to enquiries@ombudsman.org.za. Contact the Press Council on 011 4843612. Copyright © 1996 - 2026 ITWeb Limited. All rights reserved.*