iTWire - Technology News, Technology Jobs Australia A- A A+ Subscribe to Newsletter Advertise iTWire Home About iTWire About iTWire - Advertising, Sponsored Posts, Editorial & Press Releases About our News site Advertise in Newsletter Advertise on iTWire Advertising Specs Advertorials Commswire Subscription Contact CEO Contact Editor Current Webinars Interviews iTWire News Site Editor Lead Generation Newsletter Editor Our Journalists Press Releases Promotional News Reviews See Latest Newsletter Commswire Newsletter Example Sponsored News Webinar Promotion Zoom Interviews Your Tech Browse News Mobility Home Tech Wi-Fi Apps Internet of Things Entertainment & Gaming Business Browse News iTWire Marketing Networking Open Source Security & Cybersecurity Business Telecommunications Enterprise Solutions Print Solutions Hardware Storage & Cloud Storage Business Software Cloud Data Analytics & Artificial Intelligence Data Centres MVNO Managed Services Accounting Software Business Intelligence Industry Browse News Deals Channel News & Partnerships Cloud Accounting Enterprise Cloud Virtualisation Web Development & Front-End Development Telecoms & NBN Manufacturing & Logistics Web Hosting VoIP Strategy Listed Tech Market Application Performance CRM & Contact Center Apps People Browse News Career Coach Recruitment Not For Profit Education & Machine Learning People Moves CIO Trends Enterprise Staff Remote Working GOVT BROWSE NEWS Government Tech Policy Technology Regulation Technology Tenders Local Government Science Browse News Energy Climate Health Biology Automotive Space Water Resources Environment Mining Opinion Browse Open Sauce - Sam Varghese The Leading Edge - Gareth Davies Core Dump - Stephen Withers Linux Distillery - David M Williams Whiskey Tango Foxtrot - David Heath Wired CIO -  David M Williams Reviews Browse Computers & Peripherals Smartphones & Mobile Devices Software Networking Books Games Guest Articles Guest Opinion Guest Reviews Guest Interviews Webinars & Online Events Guest Research Company News CHANNELS ITWIRE TV YOU MUST ENABLED JS Featured IT News iTWire wishes you a Very Merry Christmas 2025 and a Wonderfully Happy New Year 2026! 24 December 2025 in Business IT As we sit on the cusp of 2026, with the pandemic now thankfully well behind us, we still live in… The Blind Spots Created by Shadow AI Are Bigger Than You Think 23 December 2025 in AI and Data GUEST OPINION:  Every business is rushing to adopt AI. Productivity teams want faster workflows, developers want coding assistants, and executives want… Pass the parcel: 1 in 4 set to regift dud pressies 23 December 2025 in Your Tech Compare the presents? Nothing beats the excitement of opening a present on Christmas day, but when the wrapping comes off, we’re not always… Are you Exceptional? 23 December 2025 in Opinion and Analysis The use of Information technology in the “internet age” has not delivered the wealth creation (measured by productivity improvement) prophesied… Insta360's big pre-Christmas and Boxing Day discounts now on until Jan 2 - up to 50% off 22 December 2025 in Home Tech Founded in 2015, the last decade has seen Insta360 flourish with a wide range of webcams, video conferencing cameras, gimbals,… ACCC urges households to’ change electricity plans to help offset price increases’ 22 December 2025 in Technology Regulation Households that have been on the same electricity plan for more than three years are paying on average $221 per… AI and automation lead the way for tech job opportunities in 2026 22 December 2025 in Recruitment AI and automation is expected to offer some of the greatest job opportunities in technology teams, according to new independent… DigiCert forecasts the ‘security priorities poised to define 2026’ 22 December 2025 in Security Intelligent trust security company DigiCert has unveiled its 2026 security predictions, forecasting how AI, quantum computing, and automation will reshape… ACCC warns: Keep this festive season stress free with scam safety checks 19 December 2025 in Home Tech The National Anti-Scam Centre is urging Australians to check twice when shopping, gifting or travelling, as scammers know Australians will… AMTA warns: Avoid giving dodgy phones this Christmas 19 December 2025 in Mobility Australians buying a mobile phone as a Christmas gift for a loved one are being urged to only purchase devices… Darktrace researchers discover devilishly deadly new BeaverTail malware variant linked to Lazarus Group 19 December 2025 in Security Darktrace threat researchers have identified and analyzed a new variant of BeaverTail, a malware family associated with North Korea’s Lazarus… Adobe and Runway partner to deliver the ‘next generation of AI video for creators, studios and brands’ 19 December 2025 in Strategy Adobe has forged a multi-year strategic partnership with Runway. Taiwan fixed communication service revenue to ‘remain stagnant through 2030’: forecast 19 December 2025 in Market Taiwan’s fixed communication services market revenue is forecast to increase from $3.3 billion in 2025 to $3.4 billion in 2030,… HPE appoints Rohan Cook as new General Manager, Channel for South Pacific 19 December 2025 in People Moves HPE has announced the appointment of Rohan Cook as General Manager, Channel for the South Pacific, effective immediately. Rohan will… Cohesity and Google Cloud have announced an expanded collaboration 19 December 2025 in Deals Cohesity says the collaboration strengthens cyber resilience and accelerates enterprise AI adoption with Google Cloud’ through multi-year strategic partnership. Breaking IT News Why are so many ERP systems so rubbish at user interface and design? 30 December 2025 in The Wired CIO If ERP systems were judged the way consumer apps are, most would have been deleted years ago. And yet, organisations… The "Warm Handoff": Strategies for Virtual Appointment Setters in 2025 29 December 2025 in Networking In 2025, business world moves very fast. Companies need good system to turn interested people into real customers. This is… Which Email Security Features Matter Most for Businesses? 29 December 2025 in Security Email is the lifeblood of work communications. However, the same app that makes them handy for users is the easiest… How technology is improving windshield repairs: Insights from a 30-year veteran 24 December 2025 in Automotive GUEST OPINION: When I first started in this business back in the late ’80s, windshield repair was a completely different… NBN Co delivers on commitment to reduce power consumption of the nbn network 23 December 2025 in Telecoms & NBN NBN Co has delivered on its commitment to deliver projects that reduce annual energy use of the nbn network by 25 Gigawatt-hours (GWh)… What Aussie streaming services will you choose for 2026? 21 December 2025 in Entertainment Last year, wisely or wrongly, my family took up some streaming services for 12 months. And now they're coming to… Rackspace empowers midmarket businesses with AI-driven cloud transformation, secure multicloud operations, and FinOps excellence: triple leadership 'ISG Provider Lens' Multi Public Cloud wins 19 December 2025 in Cloud Leading end-to-end hybrid cloud and AI solutions company Rackspace Technology has announced its positioning as a leader in three quadrants… Meet HealthTech AI data challenges with a single data platform 19 December 2025 in AI and Data Artificial intelligence (AI) is forecast to save hundreds of thousands of lives and billions of dollars by detecting diseases earlier… Dynatrace Expands Collaboration with Google Cloud to Help Power the Next Generation of AI Innovation 19 December 2025 in Strategy COMPANY NEWS:  As a launch partner for Gemini Enterprise and Gemini CLI extensions, Dynatrace integrations are now available on Google Cloud… How to watch the AMD change the world - again - in a single CES 2026 Keynote, with CEO Dr. Lisa Su 18 December 2025 in Hardware AMD has driven its major competitor Intel MAD with a constant stream of advanced CPU, GPU and NPU tech that… The Five Non-Negotiables: How CIOs are Architecting for Agentic AI Success 18 December 2025 in AI and Data GUEST OPINION: CIOs across Australia and New Zealand face a pivotal moment with AI. They are building the foundation for… Roblox: From Gardens to Brainrots: Australia’s Top Roblox Gaming Obsessions of 2025 18 December 2025 in Entertainment Forget the usual suspects, 2025 was about growing, stealing and survival! On Roblox, more than 150 million daily players worldwide… Reviews Top 10 Laptops in Australia (Updated) By Nick Ross Black Friday is upon us meaning there are some insane laptop discounts for those looking to upgrade or… in Computers & peripherals Laifen steps into the Australian grooming market with its premium-design T1 Pro and P3 Pro shavers By David M Williams It would be almost cliche to say this pair of Laifen razors are as if Apple made a… in Computers & peripherals Roborock H60 Hub Ultra - Stick vacuum meets cupboard-dock convenience By David M Williams In a market crowded with premium cordless stick vacuums, the Roborock H60 Hub Ultra offers a compelling combination… in Computers & peripherals Google's Pixel 10 Pro Fold brings the big-screen goods for real work and on-device AI By David M Williams Google's third generation foldable, officially called the Pixel 10 Pro Fold but colloquially simply the Pixel 10 Fold,… in Smartphones & Mobile devices Nanoleaf lights up your face with its new LED light therapy face mask By David M Williams Nanoleaf has long been regalling gamers and those who want to light up their spaces with clever, innovative… in Computers & peripherals Opinion Why are so many ERP systems so rubbish at user interface and design? By David M Williams If ERP systems were judged the way consumer apps are, most would have been deleted years ago. And… in The Wired CIO Are you Exceptional? By Gareth Davies The use of Information technology in the “internet age” has not delivered the wealth creation (measured by productivity… in Opinion and Analysis Cyber Defence Number 3. A Business Approach By Gareth Davies Given that an organisation may wish to make an informed decision about their cyberdefence concerns, the following approach… in Opinion and Analysis Cyber Defence. How Much? By Gareth Davies Cyber Defence - Protecting the productive assets of the organisation. The Why, What and How. in Opinion and Analysis Are they hiding under a rock? By Chris Griffith Amid the heated debate over Australia’s social media ban, one group has remained conspicuously silent: the tech titans… in Opinion and Analysis Fearing Fear Itself? By Gareth Davies “Harnessing the power of ICT to propel your enterprise forward: Five key trends you need to be across… in Opinion and Analysis iTWire Research – The Leading Edge - Top Trumps This Week By Gareth Davies All the runners and riders; this week’s iTWire research papers 24th November to 28th November 2025. in Opinion and Analysis iTWire Research – The Leading Edge By Gareth Davies “No such thing as Fun Facts?” latest iTWire research papers in Opinion and Analysis Popular News Which Email Security Features Matter Most for Businesses? By Jennifer Smith Email is the lifeblood of work communications. However, the same app that makes them handy for users is… in Security The "Warm Handoff": Strategies for Virtual Appointment Setters in 2025 By Jennifer Smith In 2025, business world moves very fast. Companies need good system to turn interested people into real customers.… in Networking Why are so many ERP systems so rubbish at user interface and design? By David M Williams If ERP systems were judged the way consumer apps are, most would have been deleted years ago. And… in The Wired CIO Subscribe to Newsletter * Enter the security code shown: WEBINARS & EVENTS FREE - Business Boost Lunch & Learn by Constant Contact DATE :  21st November 2025 VENUE:  Redcliffe Dolphins ADDRESS:  Ashmole Road,… MUST SEE: DigiCert CEO warns 'Quantum computing will have a ChatGPT-like moment' GUEST EVENT: Google may have claimed 'Quantum Supremacy' some years… Anomali Launches Protect Virtual Conference ANZ 2025 GUEST EVENT:  A Virtual User Conference for Cybersecurity and IT Leaders… Global CloudCon Summit lands in Sydney GUEST EVENT:  Technology summit, CloudCon, is returning to Sydney for an immersive… ManageEngine to ‘Bowl Over' Cyber Threats at Iconic Australian Cricket Grounds GUEST EVENT:  Company announces events that explore the intersection of identity… CYBERSECURITY Which Email Security Features Matter Most for Businesses? Email is the lifeblood of work communications. However, the same… DigiCert forecasts the ‘security priorities poised to define 2026’ Intelligent trust security company DigiCert has unveiled its 2026 security… Darktrace researchers discover devilishly deadly new BeaverTail malware variant linked to Lazarus Group Darktrace threat researchers have identified and analyzed a new variant… Why the Factory Floor Is Now A Prime Target For Cybercriminals GUEST RESEARCH:  Once dismissed as a low-risk corner of the digital… Why Qilin’s Rise Is a Wake-Up Call for Australia’s Financial Sector GUEST OPINION: Ransomware has entered a new phase — one… PEOPLE MOVES HPE appoints Rohan Cook as new General Manager, Channel for South Pacific HPE has announced the appointment of Rohan Cook as General… Azzet Appoints Geoff White as National Director of Real Estate COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT:  Former President of the Real Estate Institute of… Liftoff for Clifton and Harris: Macquarie Telecom announces Director appointment, and Harris as new Group Executive Macquarie Technology Group today announced the appointment of Luke Clifton… A1 Technologies appoints Amar Bilas as Head of Microsoft Cloud Services A1 Technologies, a Microsoft Solutions Partner, has appointed Amar Bilas… Klaviyo appoints Chano Fernández as co-CEO, joining co-founder and co-CEO Andrew Bialecki Klaviyo, the B2C CRM, has announced that Chano Fernández has… GUEST ARTICLES Dell vs. Lenovo laptops: Which brand is best? GUEST OPINION: Choosing between Dell and Lenovo laptops can be… Extending connectivity past 100m: Practical design options for campuses and warehouses GUEST OPINION: A campus expansion or a new warehouse fit-out… Warning signs your utilisation reviews are too late GUEST OPINION: Many hospitals finalise utilisation reviews after patients leave… How Research Teams Choose Trusted Scientific Supply Partners Reliable scientific supply partners help research teams achieve correct outcomes.… Life Science tools that improve data accuracy and reliability GUEST OPINION: Science moves forward on data. We all know… Top qualities to look for in the best fertility clinic in Chennai GUEST OPINION: With advances in reproductive medicine and assisted reproductive… Managing a Hybrid Environment? These Are the Best Tools for Cross-Platform Script Orchestration GUEST OPINION: Busy businesses need all the help they can… Ranking the 5 best AI data-security platforms of 2026 GUEST OPINION: The past 18 months have delivered a one-two… Guest Opinion Dell vs. Lenovo laptops: Which brand is best? GUEST OPINION: Choosing between Dell and Lenovo laptops can be… Extending connectivity past 100m: Practical design options for campuses and warehouses GUEST OPINION: A campus expansion or a new warehouse fit-out… Warning signs your utilisation reviews are too late GUEST OPINION: Many hospitals finalise utilisation reviews after patients leave… Life Science tools that improve data accuracy and reliability GUEST OPINION: Science moves forward on data. We all know… Top qualities to look for in the best fertility clinic in Chennai GUEST OPINION: With advances in reproductive medicine and assisted reproductive… Managing a Hybrid Environment? These Are the Best Tools for Cross-Platform Script Orchestration GUEST OPINION: Busy businesses need all the help they can… Ranking the 5 best AI data-security platforms of 2026 GUEST OPINION: The past 18 months have delivered a one-two… The econometrics of skills tests: Predicting economic mobility GUEST OPINION: For millions of immigrants, arriving in a new… ITWIRETV & INTERVIEWS iTWire TV: VIDEO INTERVIEW - Scientific proof of God's existence: Dr Neil Domigan's stunning new novel invokes Einstein, fact and thrilling fiction GUEST INTERVIEW: Is intelligent design a reality? Does intelligent design… iTWireTV: Good Men Helping Good Men - The Movement Redefining Masculinity Launches a New App In a world where many men silently battle isolation, unfulfillment,… iTWireTV: The massive risk to cyber-physical systems (CPS), critical infrastructure and how to protect against it, with Leon Poggioli, Claroty Regional VP, A/NZ GUEST INTERVIEW: Increasing cyber risk to CPS assets and processes,… VIDEO INTERVIEW - Famed Clairvoyant Suzi Samuel talks AI, spirits, ethics, and her new book: The Dark at the Threshold GUEST INTERVIEW: Suzi Samuel is a famed clairvoyant, medium and… Rimini Street emerges from Oracle litigation ready for a “second coming out” For nearly two decades, Rimini Street has been known as… RESEARCH & CASE STUDIES How Research Teams Choose Trusted Scientific Supply Partners Reliable scientific supply partners help research teams achieve correct outcomes.… New Survey of Nearly 4,300 C-suite Leaders Reveals Intensifying Demand for Faster Innovation, Higher ROI and Stronger Business Resilience GUEST RESEARCH:  Executives face growing pressure to deliver AI-driven transformation while… Channel News Atturra Joins Oracle’s Partner Program COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT:  As an Oracle partner, Atturra will leverage Oracle… Beonic Partners with Adelaide Airport to deliver AI-Powered Innovation COMPANY NEWS:  Beonic, a global leader in AI-driven operational intelligence, is… Comments Re: iTWire - The slow death of curiosity Spot on Ms Roy. Along with this goes the trend to short, job ready courses at universities, expounded once by[…] Re: iTWire - Why A New 18-inch Laptop Makes Perfect Sense Right Now That MSI dragon laptop looks cool! But $11,799 ....... :O I might think on a bit longer :) Re: iTWire - Can cyber security be a platform for innovation and growth? Most cybersecurity is making up for weak platforms. We need to address the fundamentals, design platforms that prevent out-of-bounds access[…] Re: iTWire - Why Software Developers Need a Security ‘Rewards Program’ For most developers the security/performance trade off is still the hardest one to tackle, even as the cost of processing[…] Re: iTWire - The Risc-V architecture that can shape the future of computing RISC has been overhyped. While it is an interesting low-level processor architecture, what the world needs is high-level system architectures,[…] Home Latest News Your IT Business IT IT Industry NEWSLETTER MAGAZINE IT People Government RSS empty YOU MUST ENABLED JS Services Promotional News & Content Sponsored Announcements Self Posting JobZilla IT Jobs See Newsletter Our Journalists Company About Contact Advertising Specs Advertise NOW Privacy Editorial Guidlines& Complaints Handling Sitemap Connect Facebook Twitter Cloud Hosting by Digital Pacific ×