Skip to main content
Indiana University
Academics
Toggle Academics navigation
Admissions
Toggle Admissions navigation
Cost and Financial Aid
Toggle Cost and Financial Aid navigation
Impact
Toggle Impact navigation
About
Toggle About navigation
Search
BRING ON TOMORROW

Indiana University is solving tomorrow’s problems today—boldly and alongside the communities we serve. From classrooms to clinics, rural towns to research labs, IU’s people and discoveries fuel progress and strengthen lives. Powered by conviction, we show up as more than a university—we're a partner invested in progress built to last.

See how we're solving what's next
9
campuses
930+
academic programs
90,000+
students
170
countries represented
#1
nation’s largest living alumni network

Pursue your passion or explore the possibilities

From nursing to criminal justice, epidemiology to environmental science, social work to cybersecurity, and more than 930 academic programs in between, IU gives you the power to study whatever sparks your interest, with the support of world-class professors and faculty who care about your success.

Explore IU academics
Find your ideal campus life at IU

Each of our nine campuses offers a welcoming, inclusive environment that feels like home, whatever your background, interests, or goals. Whether you want a Big Ten college experience, the dynamic pace of an urban research university, the community feeling of a regional campus close to home, or the flexibility of a fully online degree program, you’ll find it at IU.

Explore life at IU
See how IU is leading research

As one of America’s top research universities, and one of the few doctoral-granting schools in the U.S. with more than one Research 1 (R1) campus, IU is fiercely committed to research and creative activity that improves lives. From the nation’s largest medical school to pioneering research institutes, we’re attracting the brightest minds, discovering the next life-saving solutions, and improving quality of life for Hoosiers and citizens worldwide.

Explore IU's research impact 
Be part of a university that makes a global impact

IU is on the front lines of important, life-changing issues and global developments. Our international partnerships reach nearly every region of the world, making it easy to pursue your passions at home or abroad. With an eye on the future, IU faculty, scientists, and researchers are making Indiana—and the world—a better place through their research on groundbreaking projects.

Explore IU's global impact
IU NEWS AND EVENTS

Stay up to date with the latest announcements, news, and information, or find out what's happening around campus at each IU location and online.

All news storiesView IU events
December 16
IU Indianapolis marks construction milestone with beam-signing ceremony for James T. Morris Arena
December 18
‘Coral corral’ and award-winning startup help IU researchers attack antibiotic resistance
December 17
Philanthropy skills launch student’s new career, chart future of domestic violence nonprofit
EXPLORE IU
IU Admissions

Ready to find out more about the university or get started on your IU application? IU Admissions would love to talk with you about finding the right IU experience.

Explore cost, financial aid, and scholarships

Find IU tuition and fees and explore financial aid and scholarship options.

Download the IU Mobile app

The improved IU Mobile app puts more of the tools you need in one place, no matter where you are. Stay updated on important university info, get easy access to IU learning resources, view your class schedule, and more. L

Start using the IU Mobile app today.

Social media
Facebook for IU
Linkedin for IU
Twitter for IU
Instagram for IU
Youtube for IU
Additional resources
Indiana University
Contact us
Give now
Have a question? AskIU
Services
Canvas
One.IU
Email
Exchange
About Email at IU
Find
People Directory
Jobs at IU
Non-discrimination Notice
Library
IUCAT
Resources
IT Services
Knowledge Base
Protect IU
Accessibility
College Scorecard
Open to All
Privacy Notice
Copyright © 2025 The Trustees of Indiana University