Premi Opzione+1 per la modalità lettore dello schermo, Opzione+0 per annullare
Guida all'accessibilità per lettori dello schermo, feedback e segnalazione dei problemi | Nuova finestra
×
Notice

We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy.

Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.

Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
Created with iubenda
(link opens in a new tab)
English 
Login
Sign up
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
PARTNER WITH US
PRICING
DEMO
Create new
Easily get your site or app on the road to online legal compliance

With an all-in-one solution that covers your privacy and cookie policy, cookie banners, terms and conditions, and consent preferences.

Get started for free

“Our experience has been positive across the board”

Helping 150k+ clients since 2011

“It’s become our go-to software”

Simplify your online privacy hurdles

Regulations and guidelines are a winding maze. Start your compliance journey with a trusted suite of features that do the hard work for you.

Cookie and Consent Banner
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
NEW
Website Accessibility
Advanced Solutions
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution

Easily add a cookie and consent banner to your site or app to automatically block cookies and manage user preferences with Google Consent Mode built in.

Take a look
Automated Site Scanner

Our smart scanner analyzes your site, identifies compliance issues, and suggests fixes automatically. We continuously monitor your site and alert you when new issues arise.

Auto-Configuration Wizard

After scanning your site and answering a few questions, we create your compliance plan with auto-configured solutions and guided setup checklists.

Built-in Support for Google Consent Mode

Get more out of your ads and analytics. Install our Google-certified Consent Management Platform (CMP) and you’re all set with Google Consent Mode thanks to our built-in integration.

Integrated with IAB’s TCF

Get full compatibility with IAB's TCF 2.2 framework. As an IAB-validated Consent Management Platform (CMP), we ensure your consent collection meets the highest industry standards.

Simple Pricing

Tired of complex pricing plans? We make it easy. Choose from a free forever plan that covers the basics, or three paid plans based on usage. That way, you just pay for what you need – with a 14-day money-back guarantee.

Far-Reaching Legislation Coverage

We offer extensive legislation coverage – including geolocation-based consent collection – on an international scale.

Automatic Updates

Get the peace of mind that comes from automatic updates. So you’re always in line with new laws, regulations, and provider guidelines.

Multiple Languages Covered

All our documents and solutions are available in 15 languages (and counting). And all text is professionally translated (we don’t use messy machine translation).

Centralized Management

Manage all solutions from one easy-to-use dashboard. Plus, multiple projects can be managed from the same dashboard – an ideal solution for resellers.

White-Label Options

Don’t want a commercial reference to iubenda? That’s no problem. Our solutions can be white labeled to suit your needs.

Multi-User Accounts

Let multiple users work in your iubenda projects with role-based access to complete common tasks. It’s a way to delegate compliance and save time while retaining control, visibility and accountability.

Backed by Lawyers

Our international team of lawyers keeps our solutions up to date, always. We cover as many clauses and use cases as possible – so you can count on us for the highest quality.

On-Brand Customization

We focus on well-designed, customizable compliance. Tailor our solutions to be on-brand so everything looks like it belongs to you

High-Performance Metrics

Our CMP outperforms competitors on Google’s INP Core Web Vitals metric, making SEO performance a priority.

Automatic Cookie Blocking

Our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution detects – and blocks – the most common third-party scripts installing nonessential cookies. You can also set up cookie blocking via manual tagging, Google Tag Manager, or PHP class.

Multiple Integration Options

We offer native plug-ins for popular platforms like WordPress, Joomla!, PrestaShop, and Magento. Plus, step-by-step integration guides for breezy setup and Zapier integration.

Rejection Recovery

Our rejection recovery prompts get consent from users who opted out. Prompts are triggered when users access restricted sections, creating a smoother experience.

Comprehensive Privacy Controls

Have complete control over privacy preferences. Create a fully customizable cookie and consent banner – and collect, store, and manage your users’ privacy preferences.

Detailed Analytics

Optimize your setup to improve consent rates – using detailed analytics from an intuitive dashboard.

2-way sync

Automatically synchronize consent status across all your tools – from iubenda’s Consent Database to CRM systems and email marketing platforms. Wherever consent is changed, you’ll be working with real-time data in every platform and a single source of truth.

 COMING SOON
Legal Center

Our Legal Center helps you build your reputation for transparency and empower your users with an at-a-glance view of all things compliance – from cookie and privacy preferences to your terms and conditions.

Patrick A.

Hellenic Technologies

"iubenda’s powerful tools, especially its robust support for server-side tracking with prior consent blocking, have enabled us to meet strict GDPR and ePrivacy standards while ensuring precise data collection for marketing and analytics."

“Consent Mode is just a few clicks away with iubenda”

The easy way to get Google Consent Mode

With iubenda, Google Consent Mode comes pre-configured and ready to use: just install our Consent Management Platform (CMP) and you're good to go.

Already activated Consent Mode? Make sure it's up and running with our free scanner.

Check now Learn more

“We rely on iubenda”

We’re trusted by tens of thousands for a reason
Minimise the Risk of Fines

Stay ahead of fines with an easy-to-use solution that gives you confidence in your site or app's compliance.

Keep in the Loop

Stay up to date with international laws, thanks to our continuous, automatic updates.

Don’t Break the Bank

Rely upon a professional, lawyer-backed, and customizable compliance solution that’s fairly priced.

Google-certified CMP Partner
with Consent Mode built in

IAB-validated CMP
with Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF 2.2) support

All our products are WCAG Level AAA compliant
and iubenda is ISO 27001:2017 compliant.

“Quality and reliability”

Backed by lawyers, designed with care
2.5+ million
self-updating documents generated
100+
countries where clients are using iubenda’s online privacy solutions
7+ billion
pages run our cookie banner every month

“They stay ahead of the evolving regulatory landscape”

Is my country covered?

Our solutions are in line with the strictest privacy requirements around.

US Privacy Laws like CCPA+CPRA,
CalOPPA, VCDPA (and more)

EU & UK GDPR, EU ePrivacy

Brazil's LGPD

Switzerland's FADP

“Peace of mind on every project”

Is your site compliant?

Scan your site to identify compliance issues in seconds. Then fix them easily with our smart auto-configuration wizard.

Scan now

“Customer support is always available”

We're here for you

Feeling supported goes a long way. Our customer care goes above and beyond to look after your needs.

Talk to us
Live chat or email options to get queries solved quickly and efficiently
Multiple languages to support our global client base
Extensive resources and guides that go miles above typical documentation
Installation calls for support

“They’re ready to answer any questions”

FAQs
What is data privacy compliance?

Data privacy laws and regulations focus on the collection and processing of personal data, including data that’s collected and processed online. Complying with these legislations includes – but isn’t limited to – creating policies, collecting and handling consent in line with the requirements, and putting measures in place to process data legally.

How does the Site Scanner work?

The Site Scanner analyzes your website for data privacy-related issues. It identifies gaps in your privacy and cookie policies, terms and conditions, and consent collection and handling, providing a detailed report, an auto-configuration wizard, and recommended fixes.

Which legislations do iubenda solutions cover?

We offer extensive legislation coverage – including geolocation-based consent collection – on an international scale. We are in line with the strictest privacy requirements around: EU & UK GDPR, EU ePrivacy, US privacy laws like CCPA+CPRA, Switzerland’s nFADP, and Brazil's LGPD.

What are the consequences of non-compliance with privacy laws?

Non-compliance with privacy laws could potentially result in significant fines, legal action, and damage to your brand’s reputation. We remove the complexity of creating privacy documentation so you can easily comply with privacy laws.

How often should I update my privacy policies?

Privacy policies should be reviewed and updated regularly, especially when there are changes in data processing practices, new regulations, or updates to existing laws. Our solutions automatically keep you up to date so you can focus on other tasks.

What types of data processing activities need to be documented?

Any activity that involves collecting, storing, processing, or sharing personal data must be documented. This includes, but is not limited to, activities like data collection through forms or tracking cookies, email marketing, and data sharing with third parties.

Can I use iubenda if my business operates in multiple countries?

Yes, iubenda's solutions are designed to comply with international privacy laws. We offer multilingual support and geolocation-based consent collection to help get you on the road to compliance.

How secure are iubenda's solutions for storing user data?

iubenda’s solutions are hosted securely with robust encryption and access controls to protect user data. We’re fully compliant with international security standards, such as ISO 27001.

Can iubenda's solutions help with email marketing compliance?

Yes, we offer tools like the Newsletter Opt-in Booster to help you collect and manage consent for email marketing, ensuring compliance with regulations like the ePrivacy Directive and more.

Can iubenda solutions be customized to match my brand?

Yes, we know how important brand consistency is. Our solutions are designed with on-brand customization options, allowing you to tailor compliance tools to match your site’s look and feel. And if you don’t want a commercial reference to iubenda, that’s no problem. Our solutions can be white-labeled to suit your needs.

Can iubenda solutions be used for both small businesses and large enterprises?

Yes, iubenda's solutions are scalable and designed to cater to businesses of all sizes, from small start-ups to large enterprises. The flexible pricing plans and customizable features ensure that every business can find a solution that fits their specific needs.

How does iubenda keep its solutions user-friendly despite the complexity of compliance?

Ease is always best, right? We prioritize simplicity and ease of use in all our solutions. We offer features and tools that are designed to support your journey such as the auto-configuration wizard and step-by-step guides to help you navigate complex compliance requirements.

What is web accessibility compliance?

Ease is always best, right? We prioritize simplicity and ease of use in all our solutions. We offer features and tools that are designed to support your journey such as the auto-configuration wizard and step-by-step guides to help you navigate complex compliance requirements.

How does WayWidget help improve website accessibility?

WayWidget is an AI-powered widget that automatically enhances your website's accessibility features without rebuilding your site. The tool helps address common accessibility barriers with minimal setup time, supporting your journey toward meeting EAA requirements before the June 28, 2025 deadline while improving user experience for all visitors.

What are the business benefits of improving website accessibility?

Beyond compliance, an accessible website delivers valuable business benefits. It can improve your SEO rankings, enhance brand reputation, and open your business to new markets. With people with disabilities representing $1.9 trillion in annual spending power, accessibility improvements can help you attract more customers while demonstrating your commitment to inclusivity.

“Our experience has been positive across the board”

Helping 150k+ clients since 2011

“iubenda is indispensable”

Kick off your compliance journey today

There’s a reason we’ve helped over 150k clients with online privacy compliance since 2011. Ready to join them? Start generating your privacy and cookie policy, T&Cs, and cookie and consent banner in a few clicks.

Get started for free
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Compliance for websites and apps

Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Terms and Conditions Generator
WayWidget
Consent Database
Compliance Monitor
Register of Data Processing Activities
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Data Subject Rights Management Tool
Newsletter Opt-in Booster
iubenda Stats
Pricing
 
Free site scan
 
Agencies

We use a selection of positive reviews on this site that have been sourced from actual customers or partners. These reviews have been adjusted to better fit the content of each page, while preserving their original meaning. For the full list of reviews for iubenda solutions, please refer to platforms such as Capterra, Trustpilot, and G2. For more information on how we source and use customer reviews, click here.

COMPANY
Work with us
Blog
Get certified as a Compliance Expert
Partner directory
Earn with iubenda
LEGAL
Whistleblower policy
Accessibility
Imprint/Impressum
 Your Privacy Choices
Notice at Collection
Consent Database Privacy Notice
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Privacy Notice
HELP
Documentation
Feedback & support forum
Contact support
Our CMP Support Commitment
COUNTRY
South Korea
 
iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia) EU VAT No: IT07347120961 UK VAT No: GB370904694 Milan Chamber of Commerce SC: 12,795.78 Eur (fully paid up)
Help Center
Getting started guide
Open a ticket
Live Chat
Receive our updates
Book a demo
Talk to us
Elevio by Dixa
Help