Indiana University of Pennsylvania - IUP Skip to main content Information for Prospective Students Information for Current Students Information for Faculty and Staff Information for Alumni and Friends Information for Parents IUP 150 Student Support Find Your Degree Athletics Alumni MyIUP News Events Give Resources Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents News & Media Admissions & Aid Academics Research Life at IUP This Is IUP Search Apply Visit Give News Events Search Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Why IUP Visit IUP & Virtual Tours Tuition & Aid How to Apply First Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions Honors Admissions International Admissions Culinary Admissions Additional Admissions Pathways Academics Academics Find Your Degree Registrar's Office Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Libraries Colleges and Departments Research Research IUP Research Projects Research News and Events Student Researchers Research Centers and Institutes Resources for Researchers Research Institute Life at IUP Life at IUP Activities Around IUP Support Safety Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Housing and Dining This Is IUP This Is IUP Strategic Plan Achievements and History Leadership and Administration Campuses and Centers Contact Us Resources For: Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Parents News & Media Follow Us: Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Quick Links: Maps & Directions Report An Incident MyIUP Email Find People A-Z Index Your Journey Starts Here IUP is celebrating its 150th Anniversary! Explore our rich history, upcoming events, and ways to join the celebration. Be part of this milestone as we honor IUP’s legacy and future! IUP 150 Impact 150 Now Accepting Applications! Apply Today Why Choose IUP? We empower you with academic resources, mentors, and hands-on opportunities, and give you a supportive, vibrant campus experience—all at an affordable cost. Learn More Tuition & Aid At IUP, we believe in making a quality college education affordable and are committed to helping you through the financial aid process. Learn More Campus Tours There are so many ways to explore our beautiful campus—choose a weekday visit, an open house, or the virtual tour, and get to know us. Learn More How to Apply Get your future off to a smooth start with directions to help you apply to IUP. Apply Now FOR MORE HELPFUL RESOURCES PLEASE CHECK OUT Prospective Students IUP is celebrating its 150th Anniversary! Explore our rich history, upcoming events, and ways to join the celebration. Be part of this milestone as we honor IUP’s legacy and future! IUP 150 Now Accepting Applications! Apply Today Support We care about you and understand that there are many factors that contribute to a happy, healthy experience—that's why we have systems in place to support you. Learn More Libraries Our library facilities go far beyond tradition with student services housed inside, a coffee shop, group and individual study areas, and librarians who are happy to help you find whatever you need. Learn More Research Learn how you can benefit from studying in an environment that supports student research and discovery opportunities. Learn More Life at IUP We want your college experience to include what you need to grow and thrive personally—leadership opportunities, fitness facilities, clubs, sports, entertainment, and more. Learn More FOR MORE HELPFUL RESOURCES PLEASE CHECK OUT Current Students IUP is celebrating its 150th Anniversary! Explore our rich history, upcoming events, and ways to join the celebration. Be part of this milestone as we honor IUP’s legacy and future! IUP 150 Now Accepting Applications! Apply Today MyIUP Explore MyIUP to find a collection of commonly used IUP links—check on your classes, access D2L, file an ihelp, get tickets to a show, and more. Learn More IUP Now For information, compelling stories, and the latest IUP news, check out IUP Now. Learn More Strategic Plan IUP's Strategic Plan for 2020–28 is designed to transform the culture at IUP to enhance the student experience by fostering exceptional student-centeredness.. Learn More IT Support IT Support offers help with technology via ihelp, the Student Computing Help Desk, and through Virtual IT Support. Learn More FOR MORE HELPFUL RESOURCES PLEASE CHECK OUT Faculty and Staff IUP is celebrating its 150th Anniversary! Explore our rich history, upcoming events, and ways to join the celebration. Be part of this milestone as we honor IUP’s legacy and future! IUP 150 Now Accepting Applications! Apply Today Alumni Association Discover the special bond shared by IUP alumni—come to a reunion, make plans for Homecoming, support your favorite department, or do some career networking. Learn More Networking and Events Check out the calendar for upcoming alumni events and get together with others who share your IUP connection. Learn More Get Involved Getting involved with alumni events and activities is a wonderful way to be active in the IUP family—volunteer, be an advocate, contribute to projects, and more. Learn More Career and Professional Development Career resources are available to alumni for free at the CPDC, even after you leave IUP. Learn More FOR MORE HELPFUL RESOURCES PLEASE CHECK OUT Alumni and Friends IUP is celebrating its 150th Anniversary! Explore our rich history, upcoming events, and ways to join the celebration. Be part of this milestone as we honor IUP’s legacy and future! IUP 150 Now Accepting Applications! Apply Today Admitted Students Career resources are available to alumni for free at the CPDC, even after you leave IUP. Learn More Info For Parents Learn how to get permission to call about your student’s financial aid. Learn More Campus Tours Explore our beautiful campus—choose a weekday visit, an open house, or the virtual tour, and get to know us. Learn More I-Card Use GET Funds to add Crimson Cash to an I-card for laundry, printing, and more. Learn More FOR MORE HELPFUL RESOURCES PLEASE CHECK OUT Parent 27% of students are minorities 100+ undergraduate degree programs 40+ graduate degree programs Let’s Find a Major or Degree Program That Fits You IUP offers a path for every passion and purpose. Find majors you want to explore, discover culinary programs, or choose your graduate degree program with our handy search tool. We even have several pathways for those who want to explore their options before choosing a major. Find Your Path Explore Our Programs Choose one of the following ways to discover your undergraduate or graduate program, minor, associate degree, certificate program, or more. Interest Areas Art, Design, and Performance Business Communications and Media Technology Community Impact and Public Engagement Counseling Criminal Justice and Pre-law Culinary, Food, and Nutrition Education Environment and Sustainability Health Care and Pre-med Humanities Languages and International Studies Military Science and Research Physical Activity and Sport Sciences Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Social Sciences Interest Areas Degree Type Undergraduate Bachelor's Associate Minor Certificate Honors Graduate Master's Educational Specialist (EdS) Doctorate Certificate Non-Degree Programs Degree Type Search By Keyword Let's Discover Top Stories Top Stories Belinda Nuth Sloboda on Interior Design’s Many Paths—Meet Our Faculty December 22, 2025 • IUP Now Meet Our Faculty "Special Series" Feature Belinda Nuth Sloboda, assistant professor of interior design, brings decades of experience—from residential design to creating spaces for special needs—to the classroom. She inspires students to explore diverse career paths while sharing her expertise and industry connections. Winter Commencement 2025 December 17, 2025 • Student Achievements IUP Now Alumni Feature Nearly 460 new graduates were honored at Winter Commencement on Saturday, December 13, 2025, at the Kovalchick Complex before heading into the next phase of their lives. Check out the moments that make this ceremony special. Hancox ’24 Selected as Only American Representative of Women Emerging Leadership Platform December 16, 2025 • Alumni University News IUP Now Student Achievements Abigail Hancox, a 2024 graduate of IUP, is one of only two students in the PASSHE System and one of only three United States representatives for the latest cohort of Women Emerging, a global leadership platform. Programs in IUP Department of Hospitality and Employment Relations Receive Unconditional Reaffirmation of Accreditation December 12, 2025 • University News Academic Programs IUP Now Programs in Indiana University of Pennsylvania’s Department of Hospitality and Employment Relations have received unconditional reaffirmation of accreditation from the Accreditation Commission for Programs in Hospitality Administration. IUP Council of Trustees Approve Doctorate in Osteopathic Medicine Program, Authorize Sending Program to State System Board of Governors December 11, 2025 • Proposed College of Osteopathic Medicine Today, Indiana University of Pennsylvania’s Council of Trustees approved the Doctorate in Osteopathic Medicine program, which would be offered through IUP’s proposed college of osteopathic medicine. Upcoming Events View All Events Alumni Association More than 150,000 alumni share your connection to IUP. Advance your career by networking. Reach out to college friends. Stay involved. Once you become a member of the IUP family, you’re always a member of the IUP family. Visit the Alumni Association Website Crimson Hawk Athletics IUP sponsors 19 NCAA Division II varsity teams in basketball, cross country, diving, field hockey, football, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Our teams have won 111 PSAC championships and two national team championships; a number of student-athletes have won national championships. Scholarships are available for all varsity sports. Check out our athletics website for news, scores, schedules, stats, and other information about our teams, our coaches, and our athletes, and learn how you can be a part of their success. Visit IUP Athletics Support IUP Philanthropic gifts to IUP are an investment in society’s future. See what inspires alumni and friends to give to IUP and how your support helps to prepare the next generation of leaders and problem solvers. Make a gift today! Learn How You Can Support IUP Learn More about IUP's Proposed College of Osteopathic Medicine Visit and Tour Campus If you haven’t visited IUP, you should. People tell us that our campus feels like home. Stand in the Oak Grove, and you’ll know what they mean. Visits to campus over the summer are offered Monday-Thursday. Visit IUP Virtual Tour Campus Wayfinding Find your way to and around campus. Interactive Map Directions to Campus Follow IUP on Instagram @iupedu Resources for Prospective Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Friends Parents News and Media Quick Links Apply Now Campus Tours Athletics Libraries Colleges and Departments Find People Support & Safety Academic Support Health and Well-Being IT Support Emergency Information Report an Incident of Concern Accessibility Questions Connect MyIUP Email D2L Crimson Connect 1011 South Drive Indiana, PA 15705 Phone: 724-357-2100 Contact Us Maps & Directions Fraud, Waste, and Abuse Hotline Student Complaints Net Price Calculator Right to Know © 2007-2025 Indiana University of Pennsylvania