International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry Contact Profile Login Join IYPT 2019 Shop Who We Are Member Directory Organizational Chart Strategic Plan Divisions Committees Governance Leadership Secretariat History What We Do Periodic Table of Elements Top 10 Emerging Technologies Recommendations and Reports Nomenclature Digital Standards Databases Journals Color Books Awards JCGM Projects Conferences Events Projects News Who We Are Member Directory Looking for someone? Search IUPAC global network. Organizational Chart A Graph is Worth a Thousand Words. Strategic Plan Our mission, vision, values and unique place in the world. Divisions The fields of chemistry covered by IUPAC volunteers. Committees Advisory and operational bodies serving our community. Governance IUPAC Statutes, Bylaws, and Standing Orders. Leadership In office from two to eight years, the officers serve the Union as volunteers. Secretariat Meet the staff who support IUPAC and its activities. History From global chemists’ need for standardization and the vision to unite. What We Do Periodic Table of Elements Latest release based on the work of the Commission on Isotopic Abundances and Atomic Weights. Top 10 Emerging Technologies Annual selection showcasing the value and importance of Chemistry. Recommendations and Reports Unambiguous and consistent nomenclature and terminology, evaluation of data, methods or techniques, guidelines and more. Nomenclature The expertise IUPAC is known for. Digital Standards Chemical standards for the digital workplace, e.g. InChI, ThermoML, JCAMP-DX. Databases Resources to search and retrieve output of IUPAC research activities. Journals Peer reviewed and open access publications, including PAC, CTI, CI, MS, and SDS. Color Books Authoritative resources for chemical nomenclature, terminology, and symbols. Awards Honoring scientists from early career to expert level chemists. JCGM The Joint Committee for Guides in Metrology. Projects How we do what we do and how we get the word out. Conferences Endorsement program and financial support opportunities. Events Projects News Explore National Adhering Organizations Associated Organizations Company Associates Affiliate Program Presidents’ Forum Contact IUPAC Secretariat PO BOX 13757 Research Triangle Park, NC 27709-3757, USA Search Season’s Greetings from the IUPAC Officers and Secretariat! IUPAC provides objective scientific expertise and develops the essential tools for the application and communication of chemical knowledge for the benefit of humankind and the world. This is through the creation of a common language, developing standards and fostering sustainable development. With the commitment and support of the chemical sciences’ community, the Union continues as an effective and inspiring organization. Best Wishes for a happy, healthy, and successful 2026 Apply, Nominate, and Participate! Deadlines are set IUPAC supports various initiatives that solicit your involvement. Theses include the following awards ... - 2026 IUPAC-Soong Prize for Sustainable Chemistry – DEADLINE 31 Jan 2026 - 2026 IUPAC-SOLVAY International Award for Youn Chemists – DEADLINE 15 Feb 2026 - 2027 IUPAC International Award for Advances in Harmonized Approaches to Crop Protection Chemistry – DEADLINE 1 Oct 2026 LEARN MORE in Chemistry International Oct-Dec 2025 issue In the current issue ... - Past President ’s Column: Chemistry at the Crossroads, by Javier García Martínez - IUPAC’s 2025 Top Ten Emerging Technologies in Chemistry, by Fernando Gomollón-Bel - Preventing spread of chemical weapons in an era of rapid technological change, by Sarah Clapham and Peter Hotchkiss - Why think philosophically about chemistry? by Vanessa A. Seifert - Spotlight on IUPAC Young Observers & IUPAC Wire, imPACt, Projects, Conference Call, Where 2B & Y,  ... DIVE IN IUPAC Guiding Principles of Responsible Chemistry In a world grappling with climate change, pollution, disinformation, and rapid technological shifts, the question is no longer can chemistry help—but how should it? Explore this bold, forward-looking framework designed to transform how chemistry is practiced, taught, and perceived worldwide. Explore Sustainable Digital Standards IUPAC is initiating a community roadmap and sustainability blueprint for digital standards in chemistry data reporting. With the rapid advancement of digital technologies, there’s an urgent need for consistent reporting and exchange of chemical data worldwide. LEARN MORE Diversity and Inclusion Chemistry is all about diversity: each new bond, each additional group makes the whole richer and stronger. IUPAC recognizes that to fulfill its vision, it must strongly commit to embracing and promoting transparency, diversity, inclusion, and equal opportunities for all. READ MORE Featured Projects See All Projects Guiding Principles for the Responsible Practice of Chemistry The IUPAC Guiding Principles define what it means to do chemistry responsibly in the 21st century, with transparency, equity, accountability, and sustainability at the core. Human Wellness and Environmental Sustainability: How Chemistry can make the difference A video contest for Undergraduate Students is launched, to show the world how chemistry can make a difference in human wellness and environmental sustainability. Success Stories of Systems Thinking in Chemistry Education – Chemistry Teacher International Special Issue This project will highlight exemplary systems thinking-oriented teaching and learning approaches (e.g. in-class exercises, laboratory experiments, realworld industry engagement) that demonstrate ways to develop the systems thinking capacities of students, which are integral to addressing sustainable development challenges in society. Vocabulary of Concepts and Terms in Analytical Chemistry - the revised Orange Book (4th edition) The 2023 Orange Book is out! For analytical chemists, this Compendium is "the tool of trade" and the ultimate source of terms. Have you seen CI lately? Browse the latest issue of Chemistry International magazine Take A Flip February 10 GWB Advancing the Worldwide Role of Chemistry IUPAC serves the international scientific endeavor in the dual function of a fundamental science and mission-oriented Union. The Union is in a unique position to contribute to the central interdisciplinary chemical sciences. Learn More Upcoming Events See All Events Conference Emerging Technologies in Chemistry for Sustainable Development 11th Annual Symposium of the ACS Nigeria International Chemical Sciences Chapter The symposium is aimed at providing an international platform for students, academics, researchers, government regulators, industrialists among others to […] 8 Feb 2026 - 11 Feb 2026 University of Ibadan Online Conference GWB2026 – Many Voices, one Science On 11 February 2025, the IUPAC GWB2025 connected 449 events in 78 countries. Held in conjunction with the International Day of Women and Girls in Science, the goal of “The Breakfast” […] 10 Feb 2026 Online Virtual International Conference 20th International Conference on Electroanalysis (ESEAC 2026) Electroanalysis has undergone an impressive evolution in the past few decades, becoming a relevant research field that plays a key role in various disciplines, ranging from life sciences to materials […] 7 Jun 2026 - 11 Jun 2026 Universidade de Lisboa Faculdade de Ciências, Lisboa Subscribe to Newsletter Share your News or Update International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry Member Directory Leadership Strategic Plan Divisions Committees Governance Periodic Table of Elements Nomenclature Terminology Databases Journals Recommendations & Reports Top Ten Emerging Technologies Digital Standards Color Books Projects Conferences Awards IUPAC Secretariat PO BOX 13757 Research Triangle Park, NC 27709-3757, USA Follow Us Copyright © 2026 IUPAC. All Rights Reserved. WordPress Development + Custom Programming by TheeDigital