Cloud Video Surveillance Business Video Analytics Video analytics Facial Recognition People Counter Ivideon People Cash register control Automatic License Plate Recognition Connect to the cloud Ivideon Bridge Ivideon Server Collect data for growing your business In real-time using the cloud video surveillance service For business For home Shop Academy Contact us Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 日本語 Português Português (Brasil) Русский Türkçe Login Sign Up % Новогодний марафон скидок! До -50% на камеры и тарифы только до 31 декабря! Перейти к скидкам For business For home Analyze and keep your video data safe Deploy a cloud video surveillance and analytics system in five minutes Get Ivideon Face recognition Queue Detector Bridge To Ivideon store Business Solutions Video Analytics Video analytics Facial Recognition People Counter Ivideon People Cash register control Automatic License Plate Recognition Connect to the cloud Ivideon Bridge Ivideon Server Collect data for growing your business In real-time using the cloud video surveillance service What it boils down to Convenient application Access from anywhere in the world with a convenient app TLS encryption Reliable TLS data encryption 3G support Stable operation in 3G networks 24/7 customer support Round-the-clock tech support Smart notifications Notifications for movement, sound, and cameras turning off Intuitive interface Ivideon account with a user-friendly interface efficient and fast player Trusted by 15 000+ companies around the world Cloud Video Surveillance for crypto ATMs Värdex was looking for a high quality camera system for a reasonable price that will be easy to upscale in the future. Ivideon offered a reliable camera system that allows cloud recordings to be fallen back to whenever necessary. Now, the entire process from ordering the product, installation on-site, and license activation right up to daily use has been simple and efficient. An integrated solution for a single security system It is possible to deploy Ivideon Cloud Video Surveillance using a direct camera to cloud connection from multiple sites and combine any number of geographically-distributed cameras into one system. Now, Power Design provides the option to remotely monitor regional projects from anywhere in the world. This has resulted in a considerable reduction in losses from theft and vandalism. Pizza as a worldwide reality show More than 1,130 cameras have been installed in the USA, UK, Slovenia, Estonia, and Romania. When customers order pizza, they can watch how it’s prepared in real time on the pizzeria’s website or in a mobile app. This increases consumer loyalty by taking advantage of the principle of public monitoring, in this case, as applied to the pizza-making process. Centralized management of branch offices Switching to cloud video surveillance allowed Henkel to implement centralized management of remote production sites and administration offices through access to a convenient shared web-based control panel. As there is no cost for cloud server support, the expenses required to own and run a video surveillance system are reduced. The ivideon service works with 98% of CAMERAS IN THE WORLD Security Tier 3 Video footage is stored on servers hosted by several Tier 3 data centers in the EU AES-256-GCM Records are encrypted during storage using AES-256-GCM Key storage Decryption keys are stored in a geographically remote location Decryption Recordings are decrypted on the storage servers on playback demand. Decryption keys are only transmitted to storage locations in such cases TLS encryption All data transfer between Ivideon Cloud components and between Ivideon Cloud and end users is secured using TLS Support Customer service engineers and other employees can access user channels only with the express consent of the camera owners News 17.07.2024 How Ivideon Transforms Video Surveillance Learn more → 09.07.2024 Highlights from iVideon's Presence at ST24 in Manchester iVideon was pleased to participate in the ST24 security event held at Old Trafford, Manchester. The event provided a valuable opportunity to engage with end users, integrators, installers, and security product specifiers. Learn more → 20.06.2024 Introducing the Enhanced "Visitors Counting and Traffic" Module Introducing the Enhanced "Visitors Counting and Traffic" Module Learn more → 10.06.2024 Ivideon and Secure Logiq Partner to Enhance Cooperation Ivideon and Secure Logiq Partner to Enhance Cooperation Learn more → More news +1 949-553-1100 global@ivideon.com For business For home Video analytics Downloads GDPR compliance Terms of Service Privacy Policy FAQ Contact us © Ivideon 2010–2025 Our web site and service need cookies to function properly. By continuing to use them, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more OK Blog GDPR compliance Terms of Service Privacy Policy FAQ Contact us Downloads