Free Download Games - Play Thousands of Free Games for PC at iWin.com Home New Top 100 Free By Category My Games 0 No notifications yet Online Games My Account Join All Access Support Sign Out Sign In Welcome to iWin Games This site provides games for PCs running Windows 7 and higher. If you prefer to play online games that are compatible with your device, please visit iWin's online games . Play Previous Next Play Play Previous Next Download And Online Games Top Games > 1 227 MB Installing Art By Numbers 69 has become broken. 227 MB 2 448 MB Installing Christmas Across America Collector's Edition has become broken. 448 MB 3 662 MB Installing Christmas Stories: Clara and the Guiding Star CE has become broken. 662 MB 4 573 MB Installing Detective Club: Gallery of Shadows Collector's Edition has become broken. 573 MB Relax, Play, Escape – Anytime Unlimited Access To Over 5,000+ Games! Unlimited Playtime, Zero Ads! Cancel Anytime – No Commitment! Join iWin All Access New Games > Dec 31 Installing Detective Club: Gallery of Shadows Collector's Edition has become broken. 573 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Dec 29 Installing Mafia Solitaire 2 has become broken. 266 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Dec 26 Installing Jixo: Magical Nights Collector's Edition has become broken. 864 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Dec 26 Installing Art By Numbers 69 has become broken. 227 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Dec 26 Installing Christmas Across America Collector's Edition has become broken. 448 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Dec 25 Installing Christmas Stories: Clara and the Guiding Star CE has become broken. 662 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Free Games > Installing Christmasjong has become broken. 130 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Installing Paint By Numbers 14 has become broken. 60 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Installing Gnomes Garden - Halloween has become broken. 115 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Installing Jewel Match Twilight 3 has become broken. 210 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Installing Jewel Match - Twilight 2 has become broken. 200 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Installing Jewel Match Twilight has become broken. 125 MB Play free mins left Free - No Time Limits Owned Most Popular Hidden Object Games > Installing Christmas Fables: The Wishing Store Collector's Edition has become broken. 903 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Amazing Vacation: Seattle has become broken. 114 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Crossroad of Worlds: Magic Stars Collector's Edition has become broken. 530 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Secrets of Salem: Shadow of the Witch Collector's Edition has become broken. 985 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing The Harmony Chronicles: Cat Out Of The Bag Collector's Edition has become broken. 950 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Mind Echoes: The Lost Mysteries Collector's Edition has become broken. 1210 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Relax, Play, Escape – Anytime Unlimited Access To Over 5,000+ Games! Unlimited Playtime, Zero Ads! Cancel Anytime – No Commitment! Join iWin All Access Most Popular Time Management Games > Installing Incredible Dracula: Academy of Shadows Collector's Edition has become broken. 685 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Roads Of Rome: New Generation 3 - Collector's Edition has become broken. 252 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing 12 Labours of Hercules 17: Feathered Fury CE has become broken. 275 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing New Yankee 14: Through the History Mirror CE has become broken. 460 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Incredible Dracula: License To Relax Collector's Edition has become broken. 729 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Viking Heroes 5 Collector's Edition has become broken. 373 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Most Popular Match 3 Games > Installing Laruaville 15 has become broken. 135 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Season Marbles - Spring has become broken. 153 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Runefall 2 - Collector's Edition has become broken. 440 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Amanda's Magic Book 9: The Riftwalkers has become broken. 191 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Spellarium Legends - Volume 1 has become broken. 189 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Angkor: Beginnings has become broken. 178 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Clutter > Installing Kill the Clutter Bundle - Clutter I & II has become broken. 243 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Clutter 1000 has become broken. 345 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Clutter Infinity: Joe's Ultimate Quest has become broken. 395 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Clutter RefleXIVe - The Diceman Cometh Collector's Edition has become broken. 703 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Clutter's Greatest Hits Collector's Edition has become broken. 370 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Installing Clutter 12: It's About Time - Collector's Edition has become broken. 755 MB Play free mins left Free Trial Owned Relax, Play, Escape – Anytime Unlimited Access To Over 5,000+ Games! Unlimited Playtime, Zero Ads! Cancel Anytime – No Commitment! Join iWin All Access Explore More Games iWin.com offers over 5,000+ fun and free PC games to download and enjoy playing on your Windows PC, with new download games added regularly. If you're new to iWin.com ,
            try some of our best PC games such as Jewel Quest , Jewel Quest Mysteries , Cubis Gold , Delicious: Emily's Hopes and Fears , Bubble Town , COLLAPSE! , Big City Adventure Super Pack , Mahjongg Dimensions and Tri-Peaks Solitaire To Go .
            You can even play top PC games based on popular TV shows and films, such as Les Miserables and others.
            You'll never run out of great games to play! Read More About PC Games and Online Games at iWin.com More About PC Games and Online Games at iWin.com Is iWin.com completely free to play? You can play iWin games for free or subscribe to our premium ad-free experience and play. Can I play iWin games off-line? Yes! Our PC download games can be downloaded to play on your computer at any time without the need of an internet connection. Please note: iWin download games are only for PC's and will not work if downloaded to a Mac computer. Can I play iWin games without downloading them? Yes! Our online games can be played on any device at any time as long as you have an internet connection. You can start playing immediately with no need for a download or even signing in. Does iWin offer exclusive games? Yes! Games such as Jewel Quest, Deal or No Deal, or Cubis and many more are exclusive to iWin. We also offer classic games and games directly from game studios so you'll always be able to find something you'll like. Do I have to login to play? No, you can play many games online as a "guest." So if you feel like playing a quick round of Deal or No Deal, you can play right away with no hoops to jump through or information to enter. However, if you'd like to save your game's progress or track your scores over time, you can sign up for an account at iWin. What are the most popular categories of games? We offer a wide variety of games to choose from, here are some of the most popular types: New games - We add games on a weekly basis so you can always check here for the most recent and exciting releases Most popular games - These games are a hit with players for a reason: they are super fun to play! Free download games - These games can be downloaded to your PC to play whenever and wherever you are Popular categories: Hidden Object Games - The classic mystery-solving-story-telling-hidden-object-games you know and love Match 3 Games - JewelQuest and many other Match 3 Games that are as fun as they are challenging Time Management Games - Test your wits and management abilities with these time management games Premium Games - Special Editions, expanded content and exclusive content that you can only get through these enhanced games Adventure Games - Perfect games to get immersed in the action and fun while completing puzzles and challenges along the way Puzzle Games - Games for the true puzzle-lover at heart with a variety of puzzle types and ways to play Arcade & Strategy Games - Save your quarters and play these free games instead as you play classic arcade and strategy style games Card & Board Games - All the card and board games you love in many different formats from which choose Word & Gameshow Games - For a true or aspiring wordsmith and gameshow contestant, get your practice with these before you audition Poker & Casino Games - Games of risk and chance where you can win big points if you play your cards or chips right Quick Links About Us Developers Customer Support System Requirements Subscribe to iWin Join iWin All Access Connect With iWin YouTube Facebook Instagram TikTok Newsletter © 2025 iWin Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Switch Version Opt Into New UI Opt Out New UI × No internet connection detected iWin Games requires an Internet connection to access
                your account, play ad-supported games, browse content
                and download games OK × SIGN UP TO START PLAYING! SIGN IN I'M A NEW CUSTOMER I HAVE AN ACCOUNT The email address you entered is already in use. Please specify a different one or sign in as a returning user. The email address you provided is not valid. Please enter a valid email address and try again. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters and a maximum of 128 characters, without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. There was a problem when you tried to sign up. Please try again. We are experiencing some technical issues, please try again in a few minutes. The email address you entered is not valid. Please enter a valid email address and try again. Show Password Sign me up for Time to Play, a weekly email guide to what's new and trending on iWin Games. Create Your Account or Continue with Facebook By clicking Sign Up, you are agreeing to iWin's Terms of Service and privacy Policy We noticed you were having problems signing in, you can reset your password by clicking Forgot Password . We noticed you were having problems signing in, you can reset your password by clicking Forgot Password . To protect your security, your account has been locked. Please check your email for instructions for unlocking your account or click Didn't receive unlock instructions We are experiencing some technical issues, please try again in a few minutes. Show Password SIGN IN Forgot your email or password? or Sign in with Facebook Forgot your password? We have sent instructions on how to change your password to . This email address is not associated with an account. Send Me Password Reset Instructions Can't remember the email address you signed up with, contact Customer Service Sign in Create Your Account Not you? The email address you entered is already in use. Please specify a different one or sign in as a returning user. The email address you provided is not valid. Please enter a valid email address and try again. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters and a maximum of 128 characters, without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. There was a problem when you tried to sign up. Please try again. We are experiencing some technical issues, please try again in a few minutes. The email address you entered is not valid. Please enter a valid email address and try again. Sign up with a different email Show Password Sign me up for Time to Play, a weekly email guide to what's new and trending on iWin Games. SIGN UP By clicking Sign Up, you are agreeing to iWin's Terms of Service and privacy Policy Resend Unlock ? We have sent an email with instructions on how to unlock your account. Your unlock instructions could not be sent at this time, please try again later. Resend unlock instructions Sign in × × Change Account Details You have updated your account successfully. There was a problem with your change attempt. Please try again. The email address you provided is not valid. Please enter a valid email address and try again. You must enter your current password in order to save any changes. Please try again. The email address you have entered is already associated with an iWin Games account. Please select a different email address. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters and a maximum of 128 characters, without spaces. Your password must be a minimum of 6 characters without spaces. Sorry, you cannot re-use a password that you have already used. Please try again. Current Email: New Email (leave blank if you don't want to change it) New Password (leave blank if you don't want to change it) Show Passwords To confirm these changes, please enter your password Show Password Cancel Save Changes OK Please wait a moment Please wait while the game starts Please wait while we remove the game × Sign Up for Time to Play! Our weekly guide to what's new and trending on iWin Games This email address is already subscribed. Please enter a valid email address. There was an error. Please try again later. Sign Up Thank you for signing up for Time to Play! You will soon receive an email in your inbox to confirm your subscription. By opting in, you consent to agree to receive emails from www.iwin.com and allow iWin to store, process and manage data associated with your email activity in accordance with the iWin Privacy Policy × Your queue is full Please wait until your current game finishes downloading or you can cancel any of the following downloads and your game will be added to the queue. Ok × YOUR FUTURE IS UNLIMITED Unlimited access to over 5,000+ games No ads or time limits Cancel anytime Start Membership End User License Agreement Agree Disagree Try Again Try Later × General Settings Sign in Automatically Customer Support Download Log File Clear cache Confirmation Required This action will take you to an older version of the iWin.com website and Games Manager, which supports accounts and subscriptions created before October 2017 . Before October 2017 After October 2017 If you prefer to stay on this version of the website, with the latest Games Manager, we do not recommend proceeding. Would you like to proceed? No Yes × Sign up for a free account to play this game. Quick sign up with only email and password. Nothing Else Sign up / Sign in × STEP 1 Click the file below download-game-setup.exe STEP 2 Click "Yes" download-game-setup.exe × STEP 1 Click "Save File". download-game-setup.exe STEP 2 Click the Blue Arrow on the top right corner of your browser window to find your game download. Click on the game. download-game-setup.exe STEP 3 Click "Run" download-game-setup.exe × STEP 1 Click "Run". STEP 2 Click "Yes" download-game-setup.exe × STEP 1 Click "Save". STEP 2 Click "Run". STEP 3 Click "Yes" download-game-setup.exe × STEP 1 Click the file below iWinGames-Installe... STEP 2 Click "Yes" iWinGames-Installe... × STEP 1 Click "Save File". iWinGames-Installe... STEP 2 Click the Blue Arrow on the top right corner of your browser window to find your game download. Click on the download. iWinGames-Installe... STEP 3 Click "Run" iWinGames-Installe... × STEP 1 Click "Run". STEP 2 Click "Yes" iWinGames-Installe... × STEP 1 Click "Save". STEP 2 Click "Run". STEP 3 Click "Yes" iWinGames-Installe... × You were crushing it – Keep playing with All Access Want to continue playing? Join All Access today! 5,000+ full-version games Unlimited playtime, zero ads New games every week Cancel anytime – no commitment Unlock All Access Your Cart Close Sign Up Continue with Facebook Continue with Email Email Password show Next Coupon or Gift Code Apply Coupon Applied Change Coupon Payment Details Credit Card Initialising... An error occurred. Please try again later. Card Number Expiry CVC Billing Address First Name Last Name Address Line 1 Zip State Country Pick a Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Brazzaville) Congo (Kinshasa) Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino São Tomé and Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Pay with your Payment Method on File If you need to change your Payment Details Please CLICK HERE Please check your Payment Details Subtotal: Checkout Thank you for your Purchase You are now being redirected An error occurred while processing your request.