Skip to content
Products
Pricing
Flywheel
Resources
Monetize with us

Login

Power Up Your Newsroom Marketing with iZooto
Engage your users anywhere, across devices with iZooto’s owned audience marketing platform. Powering newsrooms globally.

KNOW MORE

 

A Flywheel Funnel Approach For Publishers to Retain Their Audience
The Funnel Approach doesn’t work in world of Digital Media. Each type of reader needs a different engagement and monetization approach. iZooto’s Audience Flywheel approach puts reader experience at the forefront, giving editors the tools to drive engagement and build a loyal audience.
One Stop Solution To Put The Audience Flywheel In Motion
Assisting you in every stage of the audience flywheel
Web Push Notifications

iZooto converts your fly by visitors – from all channels – Google News, Facebook, Discover, into push
notification subscribers and engage audience using web push notifications.

Reach and engage users across all OS and devices using web push notifications.

Value and benefits

Convert your visitors into subscribers
Grow pageviews and revenue by up to 15%
Plug RSS and put content distribution on autopilot

BOOK A DEMO

250 Billion Notifications Sent Every Month By Over 15K Publishers
Publishers See Amazing Results
Lokmat
InsideNoVa
Tempo
Erem News
Lokmat Gets 44 Million+ Pageviews And Retains Loyal Users With iZooto

Lokmat sought to enhance engagement with its loyal follower base by delivering customized content based on their interests. They segmented their audience by location and interests, enabling them to target the right readers with tailored notifications and resulting in more clicks and website revisits. This strategy also allowed them to monetize their audience through relevant web push ads, boosting revenue.

READ CASE STUDY
iZooto Is The Only Marketing Automation Platform, Built Exclusively For Publishers
Built For Everyone But Not Specifically Anyone
Generic push notification platforms sell to all categories but not specifically to publishers. Inevitable that they don’t build or design for publishers. They just “sell” to publishers.
Publishers are forced to buy Enterprise plans to use select features
Not built to support the scale and speed at which media businesses operate
No alignment with publishers – Neither Audience Engagement nor Monetization

VS

Platform Built For Publishers
iZooto is designed and built for editors and audience managers. The objective is simple – reduce publishers’ dependency on Facebook and Google.
Features built for editors and audience managers to help them drive audience loyalty
Publishers rely on iZooto’s lightning-fast notification delivery to break news
Flexible Pricing helps Publishers do both engagements as well as audience Monetization.

"iZooto's Exit Intent Recommendations is easy to install and customize, and encourages our site’s visitors to read more of our content. I would highly recommend this to publishers looking to improve their website engagement and revenue"

The iZooto Advantage
Quick integrations

Setup iZooto in a jiffy with our ready integrations. Many of our products have zero developer intervention making it easy and smooth to get started.

Value for Time & Money

There is a reason when we are priced slightly higher than others. Our artillery is packed with features, so you spend less time in doing & more in reaping benefits.

Audience Monetization

Boost revenue by not only running native ads on our products, but also with reader revenue. iZooto makes it possible for you to earn incremental revenue from day one.

Already Using Push Notifications? Switch to iZooto
Migration to iZooto is easy, straightforward and fast. Our dedicated onboarding team ensures that you don’t lose your audience and can kickstart your campaigns on iZooto real quick.

SWITCH TO IZOOTO

POPULAR RESOURCES AND FEATURES
Audience Development
Steller Subscription Experience
Audience Engagement Guide
Content Engagement
Website Engagement Tools
Web Push Notifications Guide
App Push Notifications Guide
Audience Engagement
Push Notification Marketing
Push Notifications Examples
Best Time To Send Push Notifications
Understanding Your Audience
Engaging Your Audience
Audience Monetization
Push Notifications Advertising Guide
Overcoming Monetization Challenges
Checklist For Push Monetization
Monetization Strategies
Dynamic Paywall
Best Paywall Solutions
Popular Features
Exit-Intent Recommendations
Show Latest
Magic Notifications
Automation
Segmentation
Personalization
RSS Automation
Playbooks
Product
Web Push Notifications
App Push Notifications
Email Newsletter
On-Site Interactions
News Hub
What’s New
Help Doc
FAQ
Compare
iZooto vs OneSignal
iZooto vs Feedify
iZooto vs Push Engage
iZooto vs SendPulse
iZooto vs Aimtell
iZooto vs Pushnami
iZooto vs Pushly
Switch To iZooto
Learn
Blog
Webinars
Success Stories
Use Cases
Podcast
Our Podcasts Available on
About Us
Company
Careers
Partners
Testimonials
Contact Us
EPF

© 2025 Copyright iZooto. All rights reserved.

Copyright Terms
GDPR
Privacy Policy