Home | Jackbox Games Games How To Play Company Support Shop For Steam Available now! Add to cart Learn More Learn More For Steam Available now! Add to cart Learn More For Steam Available now! Add to cart Learn More For Steam Users 100% Free View on Steam Learn More Add to cart Learn More Jackbox Games Official Website What's Jackbox Games? Jackbox Games Official Website What's Jackbox Games? Jackbox Games is a Chicago-based studio best known for party-game hits like Quiplash , Fibbage , Drawful , Trivia Murder Party , and more! Think of us as the child of classic social games like ‘charades’… the child who dropped out of college, but then earned the family’s respect by becoming a world famous clown. Jackbox Games Blog We're always up to something Best New Year’s Activities and Resolutions to Start 2026 Off Right! December 19, 2025 Trivia Murder Party 3 End-of-Year Community Update December 18, 2025 Your favorite winter party games are on sale! December 18, 2025 Best Games To Play With Every Member of the Family This Hanukkah December 12, 2025 Visit the Jackbox Games Blog Jackbox Party Packs So pick a party pack Each party pack contains five original games. So far, we’ve made 10 different packs. We make a mix of titles designed to appeal to everyone in the room, Zoom call, or Twitch stream. Drawing games, writing games, trivia games, hidden identity games… no party-goer gets left behind. Shop Packs Gather Friends Near or Far Jackbox Games are for Pals Your other players don't need to buy anything to join your game - just make sure everybody can see the host screen and you're in for a good time. Follow us on Social Media Facebook Instagram Reddit TikTok Twitter Youtube Join our Newsletter Stay up to date on all things Jackbox Games, including news, updates, teasers, and exclusives. Submit Frequently Asked Questions Still Have Questions? We’ll do our best below! And if you don’t find what you’re looking for, check out How to Play. What is Jackbox Games? Jackbox Games is the party game-making studio best known for hit games like YOU DON’T KNOW JACK , Quiplash , Fibbage , Drawful , Trivia Murder Party , and more! Think of us as the child of classic social games like ‘charades’… the child who dropped out of college, then earned the family’s respect by founding a jam company. Maybe you heard about us from an article, stream, commercial, or on social media. Maybe you heard about us from a friend. Either way, glad to meet you: we’re here to make parties and gatherings with loved ones weird, fun, and memorable. What is a Party Pack? We make a variety of games designed to appeal to everyone in the room, Zoom call, or Twitch stream. Drawing games, writing games, trivia games, hidden identity games… no party-goer gets left behind. Every year since 2014, we’ve released a new collection of games, grouped together as a Jackbox Party Pack. In each pack, you’ll find 5 different games that can accommodate from 1-8 players. If you have more people in your group, then (1) congrats on your effortless popularity and (2) many of our games allow audience play-along, meaning they can still jump in and be part of the fun! We also have some awesome standalone titles that exist outside of the Party Packs, like Drawful 2 . OK, I’ve purchased a party pack! Is there anything my friends or family need to do to play with me? All your players need is a smartphone or web-enabled device! Look at us, really lean into that prolonged eye-contact: there is no app or additional purchase needed in order for them to play . They only need a mobile device; a way to access the internet; and to be able to see the screen running the game. How do I get a Jackbox Game Started? You’ve purchased a Party Pack. You’ve gathered your squad. All you need is to start the game and play! We have a helpful video tutorial and step-by-step instructions for how to connect all of your players to the game here . That page also covers information about how to access additional features and customization options for each game. The key is making sure everyone in your group (either in person or remotely) can see and hear the screen running the game. This will allow them to see the room code and join, and to see what’s happening in the game and play along. What should I do if I experience issues while playing a Jackbox Game? We have an amazing support site, with lots of tips and troubleshooting methods, here . You can also submit a ticket to our support team. They endeavor to respond within 1-3 business days. Holidays may take a little longer if we’re slammed. But here’s our biggest pro tip: if a player’s mobile device gets disconnected during the game… they should try refreshing their web browser. Very often they’ll be instantly reconnected. If not, let us know. Like we said: no party-goer left behind. JOIN THE NEWSLETTER The latest news, events, and laughs from Jackbox Games, straight to your inbox. Subscribe Facebook Instagram Reddit TikTok Twitter Youtube © Copyright 2025 Jackbox Games. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy