News
Sports
Entertainment
Opinion
Real Estate
Advertise
Obituaries
eNewspaper
Legals
10 stories to watch in 2026 and key questions that will be answered
Elvis' birthday, circus, Jags' finale highlight first weekend of 2026
'He's got a gun': Fight during arrest leads to 17th JSO shooting
Brooks Rehab to expand Bartram, Orange Park sites and patient lodging
Watch Now
More Stories
Did someone wish you a Happy Twixmas? Here's what it is
Will Florida's minimum wage go up in 2026? How much is…
Did Trump sign a 'Home Gym Deduction Act?' No, post is…
Experts see major First Amendment rulings ahead in 2026
Charles Canady leaves conservative legacy as he exits…
Shopping
The 2026 FIFA World Cup heads to Vancouver, get your tickets now 
Check out these top-selling photo books for history buffs by USA TODAY 
Did you know Lowe's has a free rewards program packed with perks? 
News
10 stories to watch in 2026 and key questions that will be answered 
'He's got a gun': Fight during arrest leads to 17th JSO shooting 
Brooks Rehab to expand Bartram, Orange Park sites and patient lodging 
Sports
All-First Coast: Bolles' Carrington splashes toward Olympic dream 
Curt Cignetti faces Alabama, which provided blueprint for his Indiana success 
Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles 
State
Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles 
Florida NFL Preview: Jaguars, Panthers seek to win conference titles 
Florida Lottery Powerball, Cash4Life, Fantasy 5 results for Dec. 29, 2025 
Entertainment
Looking for something to do on New Year's Eve? See our guide 
Rob Reiner, Mickey Lee, James Ransone, more stars we lost in 2025 
List: These new restaurants opened in Jacksonville in 2025 
Life
Times-Union photographer Corey Perrine's images that made 2025 
Looking for a pet? These dogs, cats are available for adoption 
Adoptable pets of the week for the Jacksonville area 
Business
Construction update: What's happening at EverBank, Daily's Place 
Proceeds from Ponte Vedra home sale going to local cancer foundation 
Ponte Vedra Beach villa sale to help fund brain cancer research 
Opinion
Reality of wildlife conservation lost on anti-hunting groups 
Scott Thomas 
More security funding needed for religious institutions 
Wyman Duggan 
U.S. democracy in peril, boat strikes just the start 
Hurricane News
2025 hurricane season was unique. Here's why 
Melissa’s wrath and Imelda’s waltz: A storm season that broke reality 
National Hurricane Center watching rough seas, rainstorms 
Trending
Many 2026 holidays and celebrations will happen on Fridays, Saturdays 
Nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef recalled for E. coli concerns 
Video shows aftermath of fatal crash involving Anthony Joshua 
Featured Gallery
Extra, Extra
ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN!       
ENTER TODAY!       
Check it Out!       
More in Contests
Aldi to replace Winn-Dixie at Girvin and Atlantic. Here's what we know
Times-Union photographer Corey Perrine's images that made 2025      
'Strange Things' character quiz. Which one are you most like?
Yes. You have to clean your air fryer. How often, how to clean the basket
Looking for something to do on New Year's Eve? See our guide
© 2025 www.jacksonville.com. All rights reserved.