Jacobin Jacobin Logo Jacobin Icon A/V Icon Jacobin Subscribe Magazine Donate Catalyst Search Icon Login Icon Login J Subscribe Back Issues Donate Store Magazine Blog Catalyst About Contact Us Advertise Search Icon Through January 1, Jacobin donations will be matched. Contribute today and keep us publishing. Remove Icon Zohran’s Millionaire Tax Will Raise Revenue 12.30 Martin Bernstein Worries about an exodus of millionaires from New York City are not supported by economics. Building Trades Unions Rally Against Trump’s Attacks on Wind 12.30 Paul Prescod Construction unions are making clear that offshore wind is a win for workers and the environment. Donald Trump’s repeated attempts to block it are just another front in his war on workers. For Nicolas Sarkozy, Far-Right Rule Is Tolerable 12.30 Marlon Ettinger France’s former president Nicolas Sarkozy has called on his allies to stop demonizing Marine Le Pen. It’s part of a broader shift in establishment conservatism toward open collaboration with her far-right party. When the Sewer Socialists Struggled for Racial Equality 12.29 Eric Blanc Critics of the American sewer socialists often point to racist statements made by their leading light, Wisconsin’s Victor Berger. A close examination of his writings shows that those views changed dramatically over time. Keeping Power Utilities in Corporate Hands Doesn’t Make Sense 12.29 Liza Featherstone A new study shows that socialist plans to take over the privately owned power utility in New York’s Hudson Valley would lower rates for users and improve its long-term health. Public ownership of power companies is better for everyone but the rich. 12.27 The Long History of Nativist Red-Baiting in the United States 12.27 Francesco Rosi Was a Master of Left-Wing Political Cinema 12.27 The Anti-Fascist Origins of Swedish Social Democracy 12.26 The City the Rich Built — and Broke 12.26 Remembering Red Ken 12.25 The Real War on Christmas Is a Class War Waged by Bosses 12.25 A Double Issue of Catalyst Journal Is Out Now 12.24 The 60 Minutes Scandal Is What Creeping Authoritarianism Looks Like Issue No. 60 Municipal Socialism Subscribe Jacobin is a leading voice of the American left, offering socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. $29.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Digital Subscription $39.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Print + Digital Subscription Start a New Subscription Renew Your Subscription Follow Us Facebook Icon Facebook Twitter Icon Twitter Podcasts Zohran Mamdani Wants You to Do More Than Survive 12.26 Liza Featherstone Our comrade won because he told New Yorkers they deserve it all — love, leisure, pleasure, sport. Now That He Has No Power, Mitt Romney Says “Tax the Rich” 12.29 David Sirota Mitt Romney recently published a New York Times op-ed arguing for higher taxes on the rich. When he was in a position to actually sculpt the GOP platform and the tax policy of the US, Romney was an ardent supporter of cutting taxes for the wealthy. The Health Care Crisis Is Gobbling Up the Economy 12.29 Helen Santoro Joel Warner Health care spending now represents about 18% of the US economy, meaning that roughly one out of every five dollars spent goes toward health care costs — more than what Americans spend on groceries or housing. The spending is driving massive medical debt. OSHA Wants to Cancel Protections for “Inherently Risky” Work 12.29 Brock Hrehor Donald Trump’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration wants to exclude “inherently risky professions,” including those in sports and entertainment, from basic workplace safety protections. The rollback could affect hundreds of thousands of workers. The Revolutionary Roots of Social Democracy 12.28 Vivek Chibber Why was the revolutionary road out of capitalism abandoned for an evolutionary one? Vivek Chibber explores how socialist parties moved from revolution to reform, but why real progress will always mean a conflict with capital. 12.24 Democrats Lost Working-Class Voters’ Trust 12.24 The Uprisings in Bangladesh Will Not Be Stopped 12.23 Learning From Defeat in Chile 12.24 The Bolsonaro Dynasty’s Hail Mary 12.23 The Domestic Costs of CIA Covert Action Abroad Run High 12.23 Power, Not Economic Theory, Created Neoliberalism 12.23 Debt: An American Tragedy 12.23 The Dismantling of the New School Jacobin ‘s winter issue, “Municipal Socialism,” is out now. Follow this link to get a discounted subscription to our beautiful print quarterly. The Mayor of Mexico 12.14 Edwin F. Ackerman Andrés Manuel López Obrador’s amazing success as president had a lot to do with his time as mayor. The Real Reason We’re All Annoyed With Quentin Tarantino 12.28 Eileen Jones With nothing but a new cut of Kill Bill to offer, Quentin Tarantino has gone into semiretirement right as American cinema is fighting for its very life. And to make matters worse, he won’t stop talking smack. Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson Is Caught in a Trap 12.28 Preston H. Smith II The challenges Chicago’s progressive mayor, Brandon Johnson, has faced demonstrate that Mayor Zohran Mamdani in New York will have to out-organize what’s soon to be a mighty opposition to his every move from finance, insurance, and real estate interests. Capitalism and the Commodification of Nature 12.28 Corey Robin Good books offer new arguments, while excellent books pose new questions. Alyssa Battistoni’s Free Gifts , on the unfinished commodification of nature and care, is an excellent book. Socialism Should Give Us Hope for Tomorrow 12.27 Ben Burgis Recent survey data show that Americans have lost their faith in the future. Socialism can restore it. 12.23 The US Military Will Enjoy a Record-Breaking Budget in 2026 12.23 As Germans Drink Alone at Home, Community Pubs Are Closing 12.22 Zohran Needs to Create Popular Assemblies 12.22 Mexico’s Successful Left Project Is Under Threat From Trump 12.22 Zohran Mamdani’s Field Director on Knocking 3 Million Doors 12.22 An American Communist Like No Other 12.22 Portugal’s General Strike 12.22 Lab-Grown Blood Vessel Maker Promotes Risky Off-Label Uses Catalyst Logo Catalyst Current Issue Subscribe About Catalyst Vol. 6 No. 1 Editors’ Note Helen Lackner Yemen in Purgatory Herman Rosenfeld Lean Production Is Not a Solution Achin Vanaik India’s Ethnic Democracy Bryan D. Palmer Foucault’s Bad Trip René Rojas Chile’s Resurgent Left Jeff Goodwin Black Reconstruction as Class War Subscribe Jacobin is a leading voice of the American left, offering socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. $29.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Digital Subscription $39.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Print + Digital Subscription Start a New Subscription Renew Your Subscription Jacobin Logo Sign up for our mailing list {{ message }} Submit Thanks for signing up! Catalyst About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy © 2024