Jamaica Gleaner Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps eGleaner Login Subscribe Now Tue | Dec 30, 2025 Search Jamaica Gleaner Menu Main menu Home Lead Stories News Sports Entertainment Business Letters Commentary Health Lifestyle Secondary Menu World News In Focus Auto Food Shipping Art & Leisure Classifieds Elections Flair Vacations Jobs Podcast Puzzles Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Home Latest News Pastor rejects Warmington’s criticism of $75m allocation for rebuilding of churches Bishop Dr Alvin Bailey, president of Jamaica Evangelical Alliance, is rejecting lawmaker Everald Warmington's criticisms of the Government's $75-million allocation to churches for reconstruction following Hurricane Melissa.   "It is disappointing... Comments Government, Opposition salute sports journalist Donald Oliver The Government and the Opposition have paid tribute to late sports journalist and broadcaster Donald Oliver, hailing his professionalism, passion for storytelling, and impact on Jamaican sports media.  Oliver, 40, an award-winning journalist, died... 54 minutes ago Comments Update |	Portland man wanted in alleged rape of CASE student killed in police confrontation 5:45 pm EST Prep work to start for relocation of infirmary residents from Hague Primary in Trelawny, says parish official 4:00 pm EST St Catherine man accused of allegedly sexually molesting 7-y-o daughter of his girlfriend 3:10 pm EST PAJ remembers Donald Oliver as professional and passionate storyteller Labour Ministry to ‘supercharge’ household hurricane damage assessments with deployment of 600 assessors More Lead Stories FUNDING FLAW WESTERN BUREAU: With the 2026 Easter term set to begin next week, school administrators are again calling on the Ministry of Education to review its funding model, arguing that the current per-student allocation is no longer adequate to meet their... Comments Mixed bag for Kingston vendors as Melissa squeezes Christmas shoppers While several business owners across the Corporate Area have expressed dissatisfaction with their Christmas sales, one downtown Kingston entrepreneur is revelling in the increased profits from the holiday season.  The manager of Rockland Furniture... Comments Garbage pile-up sparks outbreak fears in Blackstonedge Jamaica nears year-end with lowest murder toll since 1994 Duke of Earle delivers hope, again Govt to repair, rewire 800 storm-ravaged homes, says Vaz More Today's Front Page News Shop with a Cop brings joy to St Catherine and beyond The Shop with a Cop Initiative once again brought smiles, hope, and meaningful connections to dozens of children and families as officers from the St Catherine South Police Division partnered with community stakeholders to host the 2025 edition of... Comments Miss St Thomas Festival Queen launches youth civic project Young people in St Thomas are being empowered to embrace their civic responsibilities through a project launched by Miss St Thomas Festival Queen 2025, Fiona DaCosta. The project, launched on International Human Rights Day, December 10, at the... Comments Farmers back in the field at Parnassus Agro Park Teacher weaves jewellery to help support family Study permit rejection and GCMS Why you should consider life insurance in 2026 More Sports FINGERS CROSSED Freshly minted two-time champion jockey Raddesh Roman says he could be plying his trade in the United States next year, as his handlers continue to work assiduously to secure a suitable racetrack opportunity in North America. Roman, 28, wrapped up... Comments Fraser-Pryce urges athletes to balance their passions Find your passion outside of track and field and work hard at the craft. That is the advice Jamaican female sprinting icon Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce has for young athletes coming up in the sport. Fraser-Pryce, who was honoured by the Waterhouse... Comments Bonnick makes scoring look easy Tivoli jump four places with win over Chapelton The toughest one yet More Business Find inspiration for achieving your financial resolutions and money goals in 2026 The start of a new year usually brings new motivation to achieve goals like eating healthier or finally cleaning your basement. Many resolutions also focus on financial goals, such as paying off credit card debt, saving for a new house, or simply... Comments Kingston Properties expands UK footprint, buys Dartford property The listed entity, Kingston Properties Limited (KPREIT), has completed the acquisition of its third property in the United Kingdom for an undisclosed sum. The acquisition adds to its growing portfolio of international assets. The deal was finalised... Comments CIBC Jamaica profit plunges 88 per cent amid Hurricane Virtual reality opens doors for elderly to build closer connections in real life Managing High Demand but Slow Cash Flow Post-Melissa More Entertainment ‘A Rose of Sharon’ explores difficulty in communicating ‘Tis the season to be jolly … and to go to the theatre, which just now is on the upswing. Three plays opened last week in the Corporate Area – the Pantomime Company’s Big Yaad Vibes at Little Theatre; Patrick Brown’s Boopsie’s Homecoming, at... Comments Rhythms of Resilience theme for Reggae Month 2026 The Jamaica Reggae Industry Association (JaRIA) will celebrate Reggae Month 2026 under the theme ‘Rhythms of Resilience’, and and Chairman Ewan Simpson shared that the theme was modified post-Hurricane Melissa “to reflect how the rhythms of Jamaica... Comments Pantomime season opens with ‘Big Yaad Vibes’ Street party vibe as UDC Fireworks Festival rings in New Year Finalists in JCDC FIWI Short Film Competition named More Commentary Editorial | Rescuing local government In the reconstruction after the devastation by Hurricane Melissa, Jamaica’s ‘building back better’ shouldn’t only be about the island’s hard infrastructure. Government  institutions – whose  capacity to do things has been hollowed by years of... Comments Paula Anne Moore | Our children deserve better: The case for education reform in CARICOM If 2020 was the year thousands of Caribbean students and parents first raised the alarm about the reliability, validity, and fairness of CXC examinations, then 2025 was the year the region finally received answers.  Across Barbados and CARICOM,... Comments Curtis Ward | Evolution of European geopolitical and international security leadership Gordon Robinson | Local Domino Awards 2025 Editorial | Mr Symmonds is right More Letters Letter of the Day | When gold turns yellow, national pride and value fade THE EDITOR: Madam:  As we step into a new year, a personal dream that the post-Hurricane Melissa rebuilding will move beyond roads, bridges, and houses to the reconstruction of the very values that shape who we are. Recovery must be both physical... Comments An opportunity to end chronic homelessness THE EDITOR, Madam:  Two months after Hurricane Melissa, the post-cabinet press briefing reported that there are approximately 100 shelters still active, housing approximately 1,107 displaced persons. Efforts are being made to bring aid to those... Comments Scrapping slavery fund will diminish Anglican Church’s mission Letter of the Day | Transparency crucial for oil exploration Concerned about unqualified solar power professionals More World News New York subway ends MetroCard era, switches fully to tap-and-go fares NEW YORK (AP):  When the MetroCard replaced the New York City subway token in 1994, the swipeable plastic card infused much-needed modernity into one of the world’s oldest and largest transit systems. Now, more than three decades later, the gold-... Comments Debate over surfing gets gnarly after city removes wave-creating device FRANKFURT (AP):  A debate over how to bring back surfing in Germany’s landmark English Garden escalated on Sunday after city workers removed a beam surreptitiously deployed over Christmas to restore a surfable wave in the river that runs through... Comments Hundreds mourn military chief killed in Turkey plane crash Judge puts coup plot convicts under house arrest after former police commander flees A family’s Christmas: From the American dream to poverty Indigenous women carry history and pride in the traditional ‘pollera’ skirt More Lifestyle It was always you... Dr Jordanne Lauren Levy and Brandon Anderson had crossed paths a few times since childhood, but it wasn’t until the timing was right that they truly connected. It all began with a playful debate over a Boxing Day dinner menu in 2019 at a dinner... Something Extra | Tuesday New York’s pink event, Pic-Nic Festival, came to Kingston on Saturday, lighting up the UWI Mona Bowl with music, good vibes, and pink fashion moments. The Casamigos-sponsored event saw patrons making the most of photo opportunities while raising... Something Extra | Monday Balance is the ultimate measure of success for Adrian Reynolds Dream House | A Renaissance woman’s retreat GoodHeart | Dr Bridgette Barrett’s passion for service More Shipping LJ Williams donates J$2 million to hurricane relief efforts Regional logistics and shipping firm LJ Williams has stepped forward with a significant contribution of J$2 million to the Shipping Association of Jamaica’s (SAJ) Hurricane Melissa Relief Fund, reinforcing its commitment to regional recovery and... Comments The Shipping Schedule December 23, 2025 – December 29, 2025 CMA CGM JAMAICA VESSELS								ETA KINGSTON CMA CGM ALEXANDRIA						23/12 CMA CGM FORT FLEUR D’EPEE					24/12 ARTEMIS								25/12 APOLLO TRADER							26/12 ERASMUS HOPE							26/12 LILA HAREN			 					26/12... Comments SAJ continues 32-year tradition of giving at Christmas Jamaica Freight & Shipping supports visit of Chinese naval hospital ship Shipping Schedule Kingston Wharves opens commercial stripping centre More Videos For more videos click here. Scholarship to go 2024 The Gleaner Supplement The Gleaner Library Your main source for news and information since 1834. Weather Today's Front Page Cartoons Puzzles Play Online Puzzles Table of Contents The Gleaner Archives Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your Way Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Puzzle Videos GCML Websites The Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Gleaner - North America Youthlink Voice UK Flair Children's Own Epaper Gleaner Top  Up GCML Websites Restaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Weather Gleaner Links Our Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJRGLEANER Merger Q&A Copyright © 2025 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group . All Rights Reserved.