Jamaica Gleaner Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps eGleaner Login Subscribe Now Wed | Dec 31, 2025 Search Jamaica Gleaner Menu Main menu Home Lead Stories News Sports Entertainment Business Letters Commentary Health Lifestyle Secondary Menu World News In Focus Auto Food Shipping Art & Leisure Classifieds Elections Flair Vacations Jobs Podcast Puzzles Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Home Latest News Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Auckland was the first major city to ring in 2026 with a downtown fireworks display launched from New Zealand’s tallest structure, Sky Tower, followed by a defiant celebration in Australia in the aftermath of its worst... Comments Mamdani appoints Jamaica-born veteran educator Kamar Samuels to lead NYC’s public school system Jamaica-born, New York-based veteran educator Kamar Samuels has been appointed Chancellor of New York Public Schools by Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani, placing him at the helm of the largest public school system in the United States.  Samuels,... 29 minutes ago Comments Six charged over alleged theft from storehouse in St Ann JDF soldier charged over firing of gun in St Elizabeth Gov't delivers first $20,000 grants to persons outside social welfare programmes St Andrew businessman charged following shooting over alleged car confusion Pastor rejects Warmington’s criticism of $75m allocation for rebuilding of churches More Lead Stories REINSTATED The Public Service Commission (PSC) has ordered the immediate reinstatement of an officer who was suspended after raising concerns about procurement practices at the Houses of Parliament (HoP), according to the officer’s attorney. The officer was... Comments Storm damage cancels watch night services across St Elizabeth WESTERN BUREAU: Reverend Godfrey Watson, chairman of the St Elizabeth Ministers’ Fraternal, says many churches across the parish will forgo their traditional watch night services to welcome the New Year as they continue to grapple with the effects... 7:13 am EST Comments Storm-hit Sydney Pagon Academy engages shifts Crawford threatens court action over early childhood education Malabver wants mandatory programme for learning-challenged students Bartlett hails strong tourism rebound More Today's Front Page News Mental health advocate says trauma from Melissa only now surfacing WESTERN BUREAU: Mental health advocate Tishauna Mullings is warning that the psychological toll of Hurricane Melissa is only now beginning to surface, two months after the storm left widespread physical destruction across Jamaica, mainly its... Comments Jakes reopens in style, with ‘Dougie’ centre stage As the music pumped, patrons at Dougie’s Bar at Jakes Treasure Beach, Calabash Bay, St Elizabeth mingled and smiled. Happy faces were everywhere. Then, in a voice as joyful as joyful gets, someone shouted: “Dougie! Dougie! Dougie!”   All eyes... Comments TCL donates 100 televisions to shelters, schools out west Friends Who Care, CB Foods bring cheer to Mustard Seed Children’s Home Sygnus and Kiwanis Support Bustamante Hospital for Children ‘More than a drop in the bucket’ More Sports ‘HE WAS TOP CLASS’ The sudden passing of renowned sports journalists and broadcaster Donald Oliver has sent shockwaves across sporting and media landscapes. Oliver, who had more than 20 years’ experience working with prominent media entities such as the RJR... Comments Jarrett Park revamp well under way After years in the doldrums, life is steadily returning to the iconic Jarrett Park, the once go-to venue, undergoing a much-needed facelift, restoring its vibrancy and bringing it back into the football spotlight. The renovation has transformed... Comments England T20 World Cup squad takes on Caribbean flavour World Champ Walcott cops another Sportsman of the Year award Yorke stays, says TTFA president More Business West Indies Petroleum Energy fuels expansion plans with 11 temporary Thrifty Gas sites West Indies Petroleum Energy (WIP Energy) will set up fuel station outlets along Jamaica’s north and south coasts under its Thrifty Gas brand. It received planning approvals for 11  sites granted by the National Environment and Planning Agency (... Comments Business leaders expect higher costs but stable currency after Hurricane Melissa Jamaican businesses raised their inflation expectations in November 2025, reflecting concerns about the economic fallout from Hurricane Melissa and signalling higher anticipated costs across key inputs.   “The expected inflation 12 months ahead was... Comments Cargo Handlers annual profit grows 18 per cent Digicel gets ethical award Dorm operator 138 Student Living makes profit and continues talks with UWI More Entertainment Leighton Smith, Dr Kathy Grant flavour pot at Christmas Comedy Cook-up After 22 years of offering up comedy served hot and spicy, the organisers of the Boxing Day show Christmas Comedy Cook-up have the recipe down to an art. Friday’s installation was another series of giggles, guffaws and giveaways as people came... Comments Tyler Perry accuser sent messages of gratitude years after alleged assault LOS ANGELES (AP): Text messages show that Tyler Perry and Boo! A Madea Halloween actor, Mario Rodriguez, who recently filed a lawsuit accusing the filmmaker of sexual assault, remained in contact years after Rodriguez alleges their interactions... Comments Idris Elba, Cynthia Erivo recognised in New Year’s honours list ‘A Rose of Sharon’ explores difficulty in communicating Rhythms of Resilience theme for Reggae Month 2026 More Commentary Editorial | SSL arrests not for the money In parsing the circumlocutory remarks of bosses at the investigative agencies that were involved in last weekend’s choreographed arrest of three former officials of Stocks and Securities Limited (SSL), it is possible to conclude that, at some time... Comments Sayeed Bernard | Rethink mandatory minimum for imitation firearms Jamaica’s crime problem demands strength. We all want a justice system that strikes fear into the hearts of those who threaten our citizens. But strength without fairness becomes punishment for punishment’s sake. This is where our firearm... Comments Elizabeth Morgan | Is Canada quietly forging its own path? Editorial | Rescuing local government Paula Anne Moore | Our children deserve better: The case for education reform in CARICOM More Letters Letter of the Day | Punished for being educated THE EDITOR, Madam:  I am writing not just as an unemployed graduate, but as a Jamaican who did what our society consistently tells young people to do: get an education, improve yourself, and contribute meaningfully to national development. I hold... Comments ‘Charity begins at home’ should be Canada’s New Year’s resolution THE EDITOR, Madam:  At a NATO meeting in Brussels about three weeks before Christmas, Foreign Minister Anita Anand announced that Canada was contributing $250,000 into a fund for military capabilities to help Ukraine. Ms Anand proudly noted that... Comments What is going to change in the new year? Letter of the Day | When gold turns yellow, national pride and value fade An opportunity to end chronic homelessness More World News New York subway ends MetroCard era, switches fully to tap-and-go fares NEW YORK (AP):  When the MetroCard replaced the New York City subway token in 1994, the swipeable plastic card infused much-needed modernity into one of the world’s oldest and largest transit systems. Now, more than three decades later, the gold-... Comments Debate over surfing gets gnarly after city removes wave-creating device FRANKFURT (AP):  A debate over how to bring back surfing in Germany’s landmark English Garden escalated on Sunday after city workers removed a beam surreptitiously deployed over Christmas to restore a surfable wave in the river that runs through... Comments Hundreds mourn military chief killed in Turkey plane crash Judge puts coup plot convicts under house arrest after former police commander flees A family’s Christmas: From the American dream to poverty Indigenous women carry history and pride in the traditional ‘pollera’ skirt More Health Four ways to store medications safely during power outages When it comes to some medications, where and how you store them matters, as they can quickly lose their potency if exposed to heat. Proper storage is therefore essential to keep them safe.  Dr Khaleah Kirkland, a pharmacist, explains which... Comments Rebuilding hearts after the storm After Hurricane Melissa devastated communities across Jamaica and the wider Caribbean, sweeping away homes, displacing families, and leaving thousands emotionally shaken, much of the immediate response, understandably, focused on food, water,... Comments Jamaica Cancer Society hosts inaugural radio telethon Redefining skin health for the Caribbean What is canine rehabilitation and when does your dog need it? More Lifestyle Iyla Cousins on finding your centre in the New Year The transition into a new year often comes with a heavy dose of goal pressure. The ‘new year, new you’ narrative pushes people to move faster, dream bigger, and overhaul their entire lives by the time the clock strikes midnight. For Pilates... Something Extra | Wednesday The last Sunday of the year saw Sabina Park transform into a black-and-white runway for the return of the Johnnie Walker and Don Julio-sponsored Milk and Honey gala. Guests put their own spin on extravagant fashion, nodding to the theme and... It was always you... Something Extra | Tuesday Something Extra | Monday Balance is the ultimate measure of success for Adrian Reynolds More Videos For more videos click here. Scholarship to go 2024 The Gleaner Supplement The Gleaner Library Your main source for news and information since 1834. Weather Today's Front Page Cartoons Puzzles Play Online Puzzles Table of Contents The Gleaner Archives Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your Way Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Puzzle Videos GCML Websites The Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Gleaner - North America Youthlink Voice UK Flair Children's Own Epaper Gleaner Top  Up GCML Websites Restaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Weather Gleaner Links Our Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJRGLEANER Merger Q&A Copyright © 2025 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group . All Rights Reserved.