Janes | Open Source Defence and Security Intelligence skip to main content Solutions Solutions What We Do Our Data and Analysis Our Expertise Who We Help Defence Defense Intelligence Community Industry Technology Partners Mission Support Inform Decision Making Situational Understanding Operational Planning Data Integration Understand Markets Solutions About About Purpose Our Leadership Team Our Advisory Board Careers Search Jobs Life at Janes Company Updates Events About Insights Insights Analysis Janes in Action News Podcasts Webinars Insights Book a Demo Login Contact Customer Login Search Janes Janes Defence Intelligence Solutions - The trusted source for Defence Intelligence The source for foundational military insight Janes delivers the world's most complete collection of defence and security data and insight to support your mission. Upgrade your analysis Introducing Janes new digital platform Designed by analysts for analysts, Janes turns overwhelming data into clear, actionable intelligence and insights. Find out more Data you can trust Access foundational data that is verified and validated by experts to deliver clear, actionable defence intelligence and insights. Deepen your analysis 90,000+ Equipment profiles with full specifications 30,000+ Chinese and Russian transactions abroad 197 Country intelligence reports in a PMESII framework 41,000+ Military units with base locations, equipment, and organisational structure 22 million Data points covering 10-year defence market forecasts for 70+ countries 950,000+ Events linked to key foundational datasets A Safer World Starts With Trusted Intelligence Pairing decades of personal expertise with the most advanced technology, Janes delivers foundational data and analysis you can rely on. Explore Janes How can Janes help you respond to evolving world events? Elevate your operational planning Assess adversary and ally capabilities with global orders of battle and inventories. Understand your operational environment With a holistic view of threats, stability, and military capabilities across the globe. Discover more Data gathered, assessed, and assured by Janes Janes data is verified and validated by our teams of analysts, not AI filters, committing over 500,000 analyst hours per year to provide verification and context. Trusted by defence Receive reliable, verified intelligence to protect your national interests, support readiness, and deter aggression anywhere in the world. Support for defence Trusted by intelligence Instantly access high quality trusted defence insights to pre-empt threats and protect national security. Support for mission users Trusted by industry Understand existing and future military capabilities with in-depth insight across customers, markets, and equipment. Support for industry Over 200 million interconnections. One source of truth With mission-critical data uncovered, analysed, and contextualised in seconds, you’ll have the foundational and military intelligence you need, when you need it. Orders of battle for all the world's militaries Full specifications of over 90,000 pieces of military equipment Geolocations for 30,000 military installations, early-warning sites, and nuclear facilities 950,000+ events and full PMESII formatted reports for 197 countries Mission-critical data at your fingertips Janes is actively positioning both its expertise and delivery of its products to take advantage of emerging technology to provide its customers new ways to think about dangers and opportunities around the globe. Linda Weissgold , former Deputy Director for Analysis, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Speak to our team Or request a demo Solutions Insights About Contact Request a demo Customer Login Store Subscribe to our Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility statement Slavery Statement © Janes 2026 All Rights Reserved Speak to our team and see how Janes can help you The world’s most complete collection of open-source defence intelligence. 500,000+ analyst hours per year to keep data current. Easy integration into high- and low-side environments.