Logistics Services and Freight Shipping | J.B. Hunt Skip Navigation Get Instant Quote Shippers Why J.B. Hunt Instant Quote Let's Connect Intermodal Truckload Less-Than-Truckload Dedicated Contract Services Final Mile Services International Managed Logistics Brokerage Services Carriers Load Board Truckload Carriers Home Delivery Carriers Power Only Carriers Why Work with J.B. Hunt Technology Why J.B. Hunt 360° Technology Support J.B. Hunt 360° Carrier 360 DRIVE App Company J.B. Hunt Careers Drive with J.B. Hunt Investor Relations Read Our Blog Case Studies Driven for You Our Foundations Company Newsroom Environmental, Social and Governance Freight Agents Search term is required Load Board Track Shipment Track Shipment Home Delivery Track a delivery to your home Business Track a B2B shipment Order Number Bill of Lading Shipper ID Seal Number PO Number Delivery Appointment Number Pick Up Number Tracking Number 360 Account Sign up now for your 360 account. Ship with Us Haul with Us Already have an account? Log in . Get Instant Quote Track Shipment Load Board Search 360 Account Sign up now for your 360 account. Ship with Us Haul with Us Already have an account? Log in . Search term is required Driven for You™ Providing you with the excellent service and innovative, customizable shipment solutions you deserve. Get Instant Quote Let's Connect Technology that Empowers Change the way you do business with the J.B. Hunt 360 °® platform. We're eliminating inefficiencies by creating one place for you to manage every step of the transportation process. J.B. Hunt 360° Carrier 360® J.B. Hunt 360° Multimodal capacity options Easily quote and book shipments Access to thousands of qualified carriers 24/7 tracking API and EDI integrations Sign Up Today Learn More Carrier 360 ® Free load board Quick pay Personalized load recommendations Visibility to shipper reviews Robust rewards program Sign Up Today Learn More Home Capacity to Deliver Make shipping your freight simple with our transportation expertise and multimodal services. You can get customized solutions that make sense for your business when you ship with J.B. Hunt. Ship with Us Intermodal Truckload Less-Than-Truckload Dedicated Contract Services® Final Mile Services® International Managed Logistics Brokerage Services Intermodal Take advantage of the cost-effective and sustainable solutions from North America’s leading intermodal provider. View Intermodal Truckload Move over-the-road shipments with flexibility and efficiency through our J.B. Hunt 360box® drop-and-hook solution. View Truckload Less-Than-Truckload Receive access to nationwide reach, visibility into performance, streamline shipments and more with less-than-truckload (LTL). View Less-Than-Truckload Dedicated Contract Services® Get best-in-class safety, route planning and optimization capabilities for your dedicated fleet when you work with J.B. Hunt teams. View Dedicated Final Mile Services® We’ve got you covered from the first mile all the way through last-mile deliveries to homes and job sites. View Final Mile Services International Get customized support, supply chain visibility and seamless transloading service with over-the-road and rail options available. View International Managed Logistics Get a provider that creates a custom supply chain for your business and handles the day-to-day operations for you. View Managed Logistics Brokerage Services Get the capacity you need for your over-the-road freight, supported by thousands of qualified third-party carriers. View Brokerage Services People You Trust Since 1961, our people have set us apart and made us into the leading transportation company we are today. Learn why nearly 33,000 employees choose to work at J.B. Hunt. Keep Us Moving Driving Jobs Keep Us Innovating Office Jobs Keep Us Going Maintenance Jobs You Deserve the Best Our people, customers, carriers, investors and communities all deserve the best from us. That's why we have a passionate pursuit of excellence and are always striving for more. We listen, innovate and invest in order to provide you with excellence. J.B. Hunt is driven for you. Driven For You The J.B. Hunt Difference "Technology in the global transportation space to me means real-time visibility and the 360 platform does a very nice job of providing that for me." Director of Global Transportation and Trade Compliance at a global fishing company "J.B. Hunt takes the time up front to really get to know our business, our pain points and then customize a tailored solution to meet those." Chief Executive Officer for a wholesale hardware and industrial supplies distributor J.B. Hunt Newsroom No Results Shippers Instant Quote Our Services Why J.B. Hunt J.B. Hunt 360° Carriers Load Board Become a Carrier Why J.B. Hunt Carrier 360° Company J.B. Hunt Careers Drive with J.B. Hunt Company Newsroom Our Foundations Investor Relations Environmental, Social and Governance Resources Contact Us Vendor Portal J.B. Hunt 360° Terms of Use NVOCC Rules Tariff Tariff for Specialized Furniture Transportation and Storage SEC Filings Connect With Us This site and all content is © J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc. The J.B. Hunt logo, content or images may not be used or reproduced by any means without express, written consent. Privacy Policy Privacy Notice for Residents of California and Texas Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Your Privacy Choices