JuicyScore | Device Intelligence & Fraud Prevention Real-time fraud prevention with the best device analysis Minimize risks by leveraging the most advanced and reliable Device ID intelligence technologies Book a Demo Leaders Grow with JuicyScore Unlock Device ID Intelligence We empower online businesses to stay ahead with cutting-edge risk management & fraud prevention technologies Book a demo 65 000 + parameters collected from every device 220 parameters for device scoring 45 + countries of presence all over the globe Application Fraud Prevention Prevent application fraud with automated ongoing analysis of behavioral and technical parameters, ensuring robust and accurate protection. Seamlessly integrated, it allows for customized fraud prevention rules and scoring models. Learn more Seamless for users Account Takeover Prevention Detect suspicious IPs and login attempts while monitoring web and mobile user sessions in real-time to prevent ATO effectively. Ensure superior protection for your online business without utilizing personal user identifiers. Learn more Increase user trust Prevent fraud with JuicyScore With over 230 predictors and 65,000 device parameters analyzed, we ensure accurate fraud detection and risk assessment. Easy-to-integrate SDKs enable seamless real-time fraud detection with minimal setup and disruption to your processes. Learn more Privacy-first Protect user accounts with JuicyID Detect high-risk device markers, user behavior patterns, and device switching, reducing the risk of account takeovers. Minimize the need for additional verifications, lowering operational costs and improving conversion rates. Learn more Higher trust “When one smartphone is used by ten people, traditional scoring is powerless. JuicyScore became our eyes and ears in this digital chaos. The product helps us see behavioral and technical signals that simply can’t be obtained by other means. As a result, we’re able to assess risk more accurately — even with minimal traditional data.” Temitope Adetunji, Head of Risk at CashX (Nigeria) 50% model variables from JuicyScore data 6 models scoring models used by CashX Read Customer Story “We successfully increased our model's separation capacity by 1.4 times by incorporating combinations of variables related to user behavior on the website into the predictive model. According to the A/B test results of the predictive model, which incorporated JuicyScore's latest generation technologies, the updated version demonstrated a significant impact, allowing us to increase the approval rate for new applications by 1.5 times, while maintaining consistent risk management metrics.” Dmitry Mikolauskas, Risk Director at ID Finance Mexico (MoneyMan brand - moneyman.com.mx) by 1.4 times increased model’s capacity + 50% approval rate Read Customer Story “We needed a reliable partner able to deliver alternative data across all the markets of our presence. The JuicyScore team provided the technology that meets our anti-fraud needs. From now on, the JuicyID solution is a part of our comprehensive anti-fraud architecture. Mikhail Koromyslov, Anti-Fraud Director at UnaFinancial 20+ markers variables to detect high-risk behavior 12+ rules fraud detection at early stages Read Customer Story “When one smartphone is used by ten people, traditional scoring is powerless. JuicyScore became our eyes and ears in this digital chaos. The product helps us see behavioral and technical signals that simply can’t be obtained by other means. As a result, we’re able to assess risk more accurately — even with minimal traditional data.” Temitope Adetunji, Head of Risk at CashX (Nigeria) 50% model variables from JuicyScore data 6 models scoring models used by CashX Read Customer Story “We successfully increased our model's separation capacity by 1.4 times by incorporating combinations of variables related to user behavior on the website into the predictive model. According to the A/B test results of the predictive model, which incorporated JuicyScore's latest generation technologies, the updated version demonstrated a significant impact, allowing us to increase the approval rate for new applications by 1.5 times, while maintaining consistent risk management metrics.” Dmitry Mikolauskas, Risk Director at ID Finance Mexico (MoneyMan brand - moneyman.com.mx) by 1.4 times increased model’s capacity + 50% approval rate Read Customer Story “We needed a reliable partner able to deliver alternative data across all the markets of our presence. The JuicyScore team provided the technology that meets our anti-fraud needs. From now on, the JuicyID solution is a part of our comprehensive anti-fraud architecture. Mikhail Koromyslov, Anti-Fraud Director at UnaFinancial 20+ markers variables to detect high-risk behavior 12+ rules fraud detection at early stages Read Customer Story “When one smartphone is used by ten people, traditional scoring is powerless. JuicyScore became our eyes and ears in this digital chaos. The product helps us see behavioral and technical signals that simply can’t be obtained by other means. As a result, we’re able to assess risk more accurately — even with minimal traditional data.” Temitope Adetunji, Head of Risk at CashX (Nigeria) 50% model variables from JuicyScore data 6 models scoring models used by CashX Read Customer Story Recognized by Industry Experts Our commitment to innovation and excellence in fraud prevention has earned us industry-wide recognition and prestigious awards, highlighting our role as a trusted leader in safeguarding businesses from evolving threats. Best Service Provider in AI/ML/RPA Technology Fintech Festival India 2022 Best Use of Fraud Protection Technology Banking Tech Awards 2022 Best Use of AI in Fintech IFTA 2023 Excellence in Alternative Credit Data Africa Bank Summit 2025 Our Partners Discover Specialized Anti-Fraud Solutions for Your Industry Industry leaders choose JuicyScore to secure accounts, customers, and revenue throughout the customer journey Online Lending Real-time fraud detection and safe transactions enhance trust and safety across online lending services. Learn more Digital Banking Reduce fraud and improve credit portfolio quality using deep risk assessment based on device and behavioral data. Learn more Fintech Ongoing monitoring with advanced tools to detect identify suspicious activity across transactions. Learn more E-Commerce Minimized chargeback risks and instant fraudulent transaction identification during checkouts. Learn more Insurance Insurance fraud often starts at the onboarding stage — through fabricated profiles, device manipulation, or repeat abuse. Learn more See How We Spot Fraud Before It Happens — Book Your Expert Session See It in Action with a Real Expert Get a live session with our specialist who will show how your business can detect fraud attempts in real time. Explore Real Device Insights in Action Learn how unique device fingerprints help you link returning users and separate real customers from fraudsters. Understand Common Fraud Scenarios Get insights into the main fraud tactics targeting your market — and see how to block them. Our Contacts: Phone: +971 50 371 9151 Email: sales@juicyscore.ai Leading Brands Trust JuicyScore: Get in touch with us Our dedicated experts will reach out to you promptly Country * Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao North Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrie Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine UAE UK US Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe By clicking the box below you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Submit Products JuicyScore JuicyAI JuicyAnalitics JuicyID JuicyLightning Industries Digital Banking & Online Lending Fintech E-commerce & Marketplaces Gambling & Gaming Insurance Use Cases Application Fraud Account Takeover Multi-Accounting Bonus Abuse Advertising Fraud Resources Blog Articles Case Studies Dictionary How it works Our Technology Company About Us Contact Us FAQ Subscribe to our newsletter Get the latest company news and product updates Subscribe By submitting you agree to our Privacy Policy © 2026 JuicyScore. All rights reserved. Legal Policies