Need-to-Know News, Insights, & Intelligence for Business Leaders | JD Supra Menu News & Insights Popular Labor & Employment Finance & Banking Intellectual Property Health & Healthcare Environmental Issues more… Business Insurance Commercial Real Estate Corporate Taxes Immigration Securities more… Personal Residential Real Estate Estate Planning Civil Rights Personal Taxes Bankruptcy more… Jump to: Latest Updates » Trending [ 7 ] [Survey] What do GC want from law firm guidance? Your input matters... [Hot Topic] Artificial Intelligence [Hot Topic] Employer Liability Issues Latest IMMIGRATION News & Updates Stay Informed: Popular Reads on JD Supra Meet JD Supra's Top Authors! Build a Morning News Digest: Easy, Custom Content, Free! Browse All Law News Topics » Find Author By Business Matters Labor & Employment Finance & Banking Intellectual Property Insurance Taxes By Personal Issues Civil Rights Family Matters Personal Injury Wills, Trusts, & Estate Planning Worker’s Compensation By Location California New York Texas Canada United Kingdom Subscribe Custom Email Digests Build a custom email digest by following topics, people, and firms published on JD Supra. X (formerly Twitter) RSS Feeds for Publishers For Reporters My Account Log In Follow Expert Insight, Commentary, and Intelligence On... Corporate Data Protection Compliance Issues D&O Insurance The SEC USCIS & Visas Commercial Real Estate Others » Small Business Employee Handbooks Social Media Issues Employer Liabilities Intellectual Property Independent Contractors OSHA Matters Others » Personal Matters Estate Planning Artificial Intelligence Discrimination Retaliation Mortgages Privacy Others » Latest Updates CMS Seeks to Ban Hospitals from Providing Gender-Affirming Care to Minors by Epstein Becker & Green As we previously reported, on December 18, 2025, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) issued two proposed rules impacting the ability of providers to deliver gender-affirming care—also called “sex-rejecting procedures” by… more [Video] Here's why 2026 should be the year your firm gets serious about multimedia thought leadership by Copo Strategies + Law Firm Editorial Service In this video, Wayne Pollock (Founder of Copo Strategies and the Law Firm Editorial Service) discusses five reasons why your law firm should consider creating multimedia thought leadership in 2026 and beyond:

1. Multimedia thought… more Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Revises Guidelines on Its Paid Sick Days Act by Littler On December 9, 2025, the City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania’s Office of Equal Protection released revised guidelines regarding the administration of the Pittsburgh Paid Sick Days Act (PSDA). The PSDA Revised Guidelines both add new… more New Bid Opportunity: ANTAQ Prepares Bid for São Sebastião Port by Mayer Brown The Brazilian National Waterway Transport Agency (ANTAQ) approved the opening of a second public hearing and consultation regarding the lease of area SSB01 at the Organized Port of São Sebastião, São Paulo. The consultation period will… more An Update on “Unsworn” Attorney Affirmations Under the New CPLR 2106: Recent Rulings Offer a Path to Cure by Epstein Becker & Green As previously reported on June 3, 2024, the January 1, 2024 amendments to CPLR 2106 revised the statutory language required for attorney affirmations in New York… more USCIS Implements Wage Based H-1B Visa Distribution System for FY 2027 by CDF Labor Law LLP On December 29, 2025 the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service (“USCIS”) published regulations in the Federal Register changing the allocation of H-1B visas for Federal Fiscal Year 2027. H-1B visas are available for employers who… more DOL to End Its Defense of the 2024 Retirement Security Fiduciary Rule by Haynes Boone The DOL recently informed the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit that it will no longer defend its 2024 final rule defining when a person is providing fiduciary investment advice to ERISA plan sponsors, ERISA plan… more 2025 Value Based Care Forum: Q&A by Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP During the Nelson Mullins 2025 Annual Value-Based Care Forum, Navigating Opportunities in a Value-Driven World, virtual attendees submitted questions for the panelists to answer. Below are the panelists’ responses, which offer… more California Air Resources Board Proposes Regulations to Implement SB 253 and SB 261 and Invites Public Comment by Hogan Lovells The Office of Administrative Law (OAL) formally published a Notice of Proposed Action on December 26, 2025 for adopting the California Air Resources Board’s (CARB) long-awaited regulations for the Climate Corporate Data Accountability… more The Intersection of AI and Employment Discrimination: A Legal Perspective by Miles Mediation & Arbitration The rapid evolution of technology is having a profound impact on the workplace. While artificial intelligence (AI) has emerged as a powerful tool for businesses, enhancing efficiency and decision-making, the proliferation of AI… more Complementary Law No. 224/2025 – Reduction of Tax Incentives by Mayer Brown On December 26, 2025, Complementary Law No. 224/2025 was published, establishing criteria for the granting, extension, and reduction of incentives and benefits of a tax, financial, and credit-based nature within the federal sphere… more Data Center Trends and Challenges: Looking Ahead to 2026 by Morgan Lewis - Tech & Sourcing The data center market grew rapidly in 2025 as innovative technologies emerged and user expectations evolved. We expect this demand to continue increasing in 2026, and factors including energy constraints, artificial intelligence (AI)… more Understanding Limits of the Texas Citizens Participation Act (TCPA) by McGinnis Lochridge The San Antonio Court of Appeals clarified that TCPA protections do not extend to claims merely tied to regulatory filings. After the 2019 amendments, the protected communication must be the gravamen of the claim—mere but-for causation… more New York Is the Eleventh State to Restrict Employers’ Use of Credit History by Littler On December 19, 2025, New York Governor Kathy Hochul signed into law S03072, amending the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act to prohibit New York employers from obtaining or using consumer credit history in hiring and personnel… more A Year to Prepare: BIS’s Affiliates Rule Waits in the Wings by Torres Trade Law, PLLC On September 29, 2025, the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) unveiled the “Affiliates Rule,” a sweeping new measure designed to expand application of end-user controls (i.e., licensing requirements)… more FCC Seeks a Refreshing Start to the Year for Earth Stations in Motion by Pillsbury - CommLawCenter To close out 2025, the Space Bureau has conducted one last check of its open docket list, adding a final name to its packed post-President’s Day comment window.  An end of year Public Notice asks commenters to refresh the record on a… more Asset-Level Eligibility Series: “Eligible to be Sold” & Transferability Restrictions by Mayer Brown This Legal Update explores why, in order for an underlying loan to be included in a warehouse facility’s borrowing base, the underlying loan must be eligible to be sold and transferred to the facility’s SPV borrower, the grant of a… more Depo-Provera y tumores cerebrales tipo meningioma: lo que deben saber las mujeres sobre los riesgos y las demandas legales by Hissey, Mulderig & Friend, PLLC Durante décadas, millones de mujeres han utilizado la inyección anticonceptiva Depo-Provera como una forma conveniente y eficaz de prevenir el embarazo. Sin embargo, en los últimos años han surgido preocupaciones médicas y legales… more 2025 Year in Review: The Year We Crossed the Rubicon: from Quantum Dreams to Hybrid Reality by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Beyond Adoption—Entering the Era of AI Entanglement and Quantum Law - As I sit here reflecting on 2025—a year that began with the mind-bending mathematics of the multiverse and ended with the gritty reality of cross-examining… more Artificial Intelligence & Law Firm Marketing/BD – 2025 Popular Reads on JD Supra by Beacon Insights by JD Supra A look at some of the most widely read posts covering AI and marketing/BD practices within law firms, as published on JD Supra throughout 2025… more A Holiday Gift for BD Teams: The Chambers Submission You Never Have to Panic-Write Again by JD Supra Perspectives Chambers submissions work best when treated as an operating model, not a writing exercise, Melissa (Mac) Borkgren writes… more State Attorneys General 2025 Enforcement Landscape: What Companies Need to Know by Husch Blackwell LLP 2025 marked another notable year in State Attorneys General (AG) enforcement, with both a sharp uptick in multistate AG actions filed against the federal government and significant actions targeting the private sector across… more DHS Ends Automatic 540-Day Auto Extension of Some EAD Categories by Tonkon Torp LLP The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) published an interim final rule (IFR) without notice and comment that eliminates certain automatic extensions of employment authorization, effective October 30, 2025. Previously, timely… more UPDATE – VETOED: New York’s Limited Liability Company Transparency Act by Morrison & Foerster LLP UPDATE: On December 19, 2025, New York Governor Kathy Hochul vetoed the bill that would have amended the New York Limited Liability Company Transparency Act (“NY LLCTA”). Due to the veto, the changes described in our client alert below… more Governor Hochul Vetoes Expansion of New York LLC Transparency Act Ahead of January 1, 2026 Effective Date by Seyfarth Shaw LLP On December 19, 2025, New York Governor Kathy Hochul vetoed legislation that would have restored the original, broader scope of the New York Limited Liability Company Transparency Act (the “NY LLCTA”). As a result, the NY LLCTA will… more Tales From That 401(k) Plan Provider Handbook by Ary Rosenbaum - The Rosenbaum Law Firm P.C. If there’s one thing I’ve learned in more than twenty-five years dealing with retirement plans, providers, fiduciaries, and the occasional TPA who still thinks a “plan document” is optional, it’s this: the 401(k) business is never… more Installation of Solar Panels is NOT Exclusively Electrician Work under the Illinois Prevailing Wage Act – So Capitulates the Illinois Department of Labor by Amundsen Davis LLC In the Spring of 2025, the Illinois Department of Labor (“Department”) filed a lawsuit against a union contractor alleging violations of the Illinois Prevailing Wage Act (“IPWA”). The lawsuit stemmed from audits into the contractor’s… more Illinois Employment Law Changes to Look Out for in the New Year by Thompson Coburn LLP Changes to Illinois employment law are coming as soon as January 1, 2026! Here are some highlights Illinois employers should look out for as we enter the new year: 

1. Illinois Workplace Transparency Act (“IWTA”) Enacted in 2019… more Labor Markets: FTC Takes Civil Action Against Vendor’s Customer No-Hire Agreements by Troutman Pepper Locke The latest Federal Trade Commission (FTC) action in furtherance of its avowed commitment to “restore fairness to the American labor market” involves a no-poach investigation, not a noncompete case. Last week, the FTC announced that it… more Unlocking Duty Refunds: How Korean Multinationals Can Benefit from Costco’s International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) Challenge by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On November 28, 2025, Costco filed a lawsuit against the United States seeking refunds for tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). Several federal courts—including the Court of International Trade… more Fusion Energy: Powering the Future by Husch Blackwell LLP Fusion energy, the same process that powers our sun and stars, is rapidly moving from scientific theory to commercial reality. In a fusion reaction, two light atoms—typically deuterium and tritium—combine to form a helium nucleus and a… more K&C Sports & Entertainment Law Weekly Roundup - December 2025 #5 by Kaufman & Canoles Disney is seeking to force a proposed class of Fubo subscribers to arbitrate their claims that Disney unlawfully made streaming services pay inflated rates for ESPN and other sports channels, telling a California federal judge that the… more Artificial Intelligence Prompts Most Reader Interest in 2025 by Esquire Deposition Solutions, LLC The journey from 2023 to 2025 has been interesting to say the least. The year 2023 was a time for considering the promise of artificial intelligence. In 2023, we highlighted nascent state efforts to regulate artificial intelligence and… more NC Supreme Court’s Approach to Agency Authority: Five Key Decisions Impacting North Carolina’s Regulatory Landscape by Cranfill Sumner LLP Judicial deference to executive agencies has long influenced the regulatory landscape in North Carolina. Courts have traditionally afforded weight to agency interpretations of statutes and regulations. That approach, however, is… more IRS Releases New Mileage Rates for 2026 by Ruder Ware The Internal Revenue Service issued the 2026 optional standard mileage rates today for computing the deductible cost of operating an automobile for business, charitable, medical, or moving purposes. The most notable change is the per… more Steering Toward 2035: EU’s Automotive Sector Gets a Package by Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP The European Commission published an “Automotive package” on 16 December putting forward proposals in four areas: vehicle CO2emissions, batteries, cutting red tape and corporate fleet decarbonization… more New York State End of Year Employment Law Update by Goldberg Segalla On December 5, 2025, Gov. Hochul signed the Reasonable Accommodation Anti-Retaliation Rights Law, which expands the New York State Human Rights Law. This law amends Executive Law Section 296(7) to make it an unlawful discriminatory… more Delaware Chancery Court Finds In Rem Jurisdiction Over Stolen ETH: Does the Court Pave a Path To Bringing Offshore Claims Back Onshore? by The Rodman Law Group, LLC For regulatory reasons players in the defi space well know, protocols are often legally wrapped in offshore entities, whether they be the Caymans, BVI, Panama, or in the present case, Curaçao. Here, plaintiff on-chain casino legally… more 2025 Delaware Year in Review by Holland & Knight LLP For Delaware corporate governance litigators, 2025 ended where it began. In this second installment of Season's Readings, we look back at some significant decisions from Delaware courts. At the beginning of 2025, the singular topic of… more Client Alert: First Brands Chapter 11 Filing: Check Engine Light on for Banks, Private Credit and Vendors by Shumaker, Loop & Kendrick, LLP After the Chapter 11 filing of Cleveland-based First Brands Group LLC (Tier 1 automotive supplier) in the Southern District of Texas on September 28, 2025, various private credit executives (including from Apollo, Ares and Blackstone)… more China’s Revised Patent Guidelines & Drafting Strategy by Kilpatrick The China National Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA) has announced significant revisions to the Patent Examination Guidelines, effective January 1, 2026… more The SEC Division of Examinations’ Additional Observations Regarding Advisers’ Compliance with the Advisers Act Marketing Rule by Dinsmore & Shohl LLP The SEC Division of Examinations issued a Risk Alert on December 16, 2025, providing the Division’s observations regarding advisers’ compliance with the Testimonials and Endorsements Provisions and Third-Party Ratings Provisions of the… more Practical Tips for Avoiding Common Mistakes with the 855 Medicare Enrollment Form by Husch Blackwell LLP Medicare provider enrollment and the infamous CMS 855 Form rarely make for headline-grabbing topics. Nevertheless, the consequences of mismanaging your Medicare provider enrollment record can be severe, including deactivation of your… more Back in Business: EEOC's Restored Quorum Explained and a Look Forward to 2026 by Holland & Knight LLP The restored quorum of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) signals a return to heightened enforcement activity in 2026. With a quorum in place and Andrea Lucas as chair, the EEOC is positioned to issue new guidance… more UK FCA Near-Final Rules On New Targeted Support For Pensions And Retail Investments by A&O Shearman The UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has published policy statement PS25/22, setting out near-final rules for a new regulatory framework on targeted support. Under the framework, authorised firms will be permitted to provide… more US Insider Reporting Requirements Coming for Directors and Officers of Foreign Private Issuers by Troutman Pepper Locke Officers and directors of certain foreign private issuers[1] that have securities listed on a U.S. securities exchange or registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (for purposes of this alert, FPIs) will soon be… more FERC Issues Anticipated Order on Data Center Co-Location in PJM Region by Jones Day As power demand surges, on December 18, 2025, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC" or "Commission") announced a much-anticipated order laying the groundwork for new rules governing the co-location of large loads alongside… more Preparing for the New Year: A Guide for New York Employers as We Enter 2026 by BakerHostetler Employers will soon face a host of new obligations as a result of New York state and New York City laws that take effect in 2026. This means that employers should begin preparing for these new rules and verify compliance with those… more H‑1B, H‑4 Visa Appointments Rescheduling Begins Amid Expanded Social Media Vetting Policies by Jackson Lewis P.C. U.S. consulates abroad have recently begun postponing a wide range of H‑1B and H‑4 visa interviews, resulting in significant delays in visa processing. Consulates in India have been among the most affected, as India remains the largest… more HMT Consultation Response On New Targeted Support For Pensions And Retail Investments by A&O Shearman HM Treasury has published its consultation response on introducing a new "targeted support" regime following the advice guidance boundary review. The regime will allow authorised firms to provide tailored investment and pension… more UK Litigation: 2025 Recap and 2026 Outlook by Morrison & Foerster LLP As we head into 2026, resolutions (however realistic) in hand, we look back at the key English court rulings of 2025 and the lessons they offer for businesses and practitioners alike. The past year saw important developments across the… more Defra Publishes Summary of Responses and Government Response to Proposal to Extend UK REACH Submissions Deadlines by Bergeson & Campbell, P.C. As reported in our July 17, 2025, blog item, the United Kingdom’s (UK) Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) began a public consultation on July 14, 2025, on its proposals to extend the UK REACH transitional… more When a Missed Diagnosis Changes Everything: Delayed Treatment of Spinal Epidural Abscess by Morris James LLP A spinal epidural abscess rarely announces itself as a medical emergency. For many patients, it begins quietly with back pain that feels routine, a fever that seems manageable, or weakness that is easy to explain away. Days or weeks… more The QDIA You Pick Today Might Be Wrong Tomorrow by Ary Rosenbaum - The Rosenbaum Law Firm P.C. If there’s one consistent truth in the retirement plan world, it’s that nothing stays consistent—especially the Qualified Default Investment Alternative (QDIA). Yet for some reason, many plan sponsors treat picking a QDIA like picking… more OECD Publishes Report on SSbD Tools, Integrative Systems, and Platforms for Nanomaterials and Nano-Enabled Products by Bergeson & Campbell, P.C. On December 12, 2025, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published a report entitled Safe and sustainable by design tools, integrative systems and platforms for nanomaterials and nano-enabled products… more Latest Federal Court Cases: Ethanol Boosting Systems, LLC v. Ford Motor Company by Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt PC Ethanol Boosting Systems, LLC v. Ford Motor Company, Appeal Nos. 2024-1381, -1382, -1383 (Fed. Cir. Dec. 23, 2025) - 

In its only precedential patent opinion last week, the Federal Circuit affirmed inter partes review decisions… more 2025 Trade Secret and Restrictive Covenant Year in Review by Benesch 2025 continued to be—and some could argue accelerated—a multi-year trend of heightened restrictive covenant activity in the courts and state legislatures… more Healthcare & Life Sciences: Drug Pricing Digest - December 2025 #3 by Latham & Watkins LLP Our Drug Pricing and Market Access team tracks recent developments in healthcare reform, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B Program, Medicare, and state law… more Additional Updates » Upcoming Webinars & Events Jan 8 January Bridge Series Cincinnati, OH Event by Bricker Graydon LLP Jan 14 Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk Webinar by NAVEX Jan 14 Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk Webinar by NAVEX Jan 14-30 Passport to U.S. Customs Compliance – Winter Edition Virtual Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Jan 15 AI & Compliance Conference Series Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Jan 15 Untangling 2026 Privacy: New Laws, Amendments, Enforcement, and More Webinar by Osano Jan 15 2025 Fintech Business Litigation Review: Cool Trends in a Hot Market Webinar by Jenner & Block Jan 15 Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk Webinar by NAVEX Jan 15 Les 10 tendances conformité : Maîtriser les nouvelles règles du risque en 2026 Webinar by NAVEX Jan 15 Top 10 Compliance-Trends: Vorbereitung auf die neuen Risikoanforderungen 2026 Webinar by NAVEX Jan 15 Beyond the Prompt: Assessing the Discoverability of AI Prompts and Outputs Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Jan 22-23 AI & RegTech for Financial Services and Insurance Summit New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Jan 30 Clery Bootcamp at Oberlin College Oberlin, OH Hybrid Event by Bricker Graydon LLP Feb 2-3 Managed Care Compliance Conference Chandler, AZ Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Feb 9-12 Compliance & Ethics Essentials Workshop Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Feb 9-12 Healthcare Compliance Essentials Workshop Virtual Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Feb 23-27 2026 Winter Symposium Lake Buena Vista, FL Event by TNG Consulting Mar 2-4 14th Annual European Compliance & Ethics Institute Berlin, Germany Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Show more Featured Authors Katherine Terrell Frank Vinson & Elkins LLP Trending in Securities Law Andie Kramer ASKramer Law Trending in Cryptocurrency Emily Statham Snell & Wilmer Trending in Artificial Intelligence Mike Volkov The Volkov Law Group Trending in Compliance Linn Freedman Robinson & Cole LLP Trending in Cybersecurity Ralph Losey EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Trending in Electronic Discovery Robin Shea Constangy, Brooks, Smith & Prophete, LLP Trending in Employer Liability Issues Candace Dellacona Offit Kurman Trending in Estate Planning Barbara Kihumba Constangy, Brooks, Smith & Prophete, LLP Trending in Immigration Law Richard Reibstein Troutman Pepper Locke Trending in Independent Contractors Priya Cherian Huskins Woodruff Sawyer Trending in Insurance Sandi Nichols Allen Matkins Trending in Oil & Gas Matthew Johnson Jones Day Trending in Patent Infringement Rosemary Becchi Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck Trending in IRS Dustin O'Quinn Ballard Spahr LLP Trending in Visas Other Topic Channels The NLRB Securities & Exchange Commission Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Federal Trade Commission ERISA Updates Medicare Family Medical Leave Act Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Americans with Disabilities Act Government Contracting False Claims Act Mobile Apps Wage & Hour Class Actions Data Breaches Children's Online Privacy Common Law Marriage Discrimination Fracking Oil & Gas Renewable Energy Electronic Discovery 3D Printing Patents Independent Contractors European Union China Privacy Intellectual Property Employment Law Watch This Here's why 2026 should be the year your firm gets serious about multimedia thought leadership 2026 Legal Forecast on AI and Regulations New Year, New Surprises? 2026 Resolutions for Dealers and Auto Finance Companies — Moving the Metal: The Auto Finance Podcast Podcast - Understanding the Media Law School Toolbox Podcast Episode 536: Listen and Learn -- UCC Expectation Damages (Contracts) Hot Topics in International Trade - BLG Contract Attorney and JAG Officer Will Nesbit sits in with Bob Brewer VP Marketing/NBD BLG&BCG 5 Key Takeaways | The Essentials of Advertising Claims Substantiation 6 Key Takeaways | Update on Significant Unclaimed Property Issues Regulatory Ramblings: Episode 85 - The Path Towards an EU Impact Investing Framework Plus: Spotlight on The Broader Social Dimensions of CBDCs Back to Top Home What Is JD Supra? Subscribe Leverage Your Thought Leadership Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Team Cookie Preferences Explore 2025 Readers' Choice Awards Copyright © JD Supra, LLC