This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
News & Insights 
Trending [7] 
Find Author 
Subscribe 
For Reporters
FOLLOW EXPERT INSIGHT, COMMENTARY, AND INTELLIGENCE ON...
CORPORATE
Data Protection
Compliance Issues
D&O Insurance
The SEC
USCIS & Visas
Commercial Real Estate
OTHERS »
SMALL BUSINESS
Employee Handbooks
Social Media Issues
Employer Liabilities
Intellectual Property
Independent Contractors
OSHA Matters
OTHERS »
PERSONAL MATTERS
Estate Planning
Artificial Intelligence
Discrimination
Retaliation
Mortgages
Privacy
OTHERS »
LATEST UPDATES
Quality Culture Under QMSR: What FDA Really Wants—and How Leaders Can Deliver
by Hogan Lovells

When the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) finalized the Quality Management System Regulation (QMSR), it did more than modernize 21 CFR Part 820. The preamble explains that the rule primarily incorporates ISO 13485:2016 to… more

First Circuit Clarifies FCA Liability for Clinical Labs: Key Takeaways for Compliance
by Epstein Becker & Green

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit recently provided important clarity—and welcome relief—for clinical laboratories facing False Claims Act (“FCA”) allegations based on a lack of medical necessity for processing tests… more

New York Codifies Disparate Impact Liability Under the State Human Rights Law
by Polsinelli

Key Highlights: A recent amendment expressly codifies disparate impact liability under the New York State Human Rights Law (NYSHRL) for employment discrimination claims. This comes as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity… more

Reverse Engineering in the Age of AI: Are Your Trade Secrets Still Safe?
by Robinson+Cole Data Privacy + Security Insider

Artificial intelligence has dramatically broadened the capabilities of anyone looking to reverse-engineer public-facing products. What once took specialized skill, deep pockets, and many hours now requires little more than a curious… more

A Rare Occurrence: A Developer is Awarded Significant Damages for Loss of Profits Due to a City's Faulty Behavior
by Stikeman Elliott LLP

In Ville de Dollard-des-Ormeaux v. 4164717 Canada inc., 2025 QCCS 4117, the Superior Court of Quebec examines the liability of the City of Dollard-des-Ormeaux, accused of obstructing the completion of a major real estate project led by… more

Joint Normative Act (Ato Conjunto) RFB/CGIBS No. 1/2025: The Brazilian Federal Revenue Service (RFB) and the IBS Management Committee (CGIBS) Set Forth the Ancillary (Compliance) Obligations Required for the Provision of Information for the Assessment of IBS and CBS in 2026
by Mayer Brown

On December 23, 2025, Joint Normative Act RFB/CGIBS No. 1/2025 was published in the Federal Official Gazette, providing the list of fiscal documents to be recognized by the Goods and Services Tax (IBS) and Goods and Services… more

Federal Court (Mostly) Blocks California’s Push Into Labor Law
by Littler

Last week, a U.S. district court blocked California from enforcing most of its expansive new labor law, AB 288. Had it taken effect, AB 288 would have allowed a state agency, the Public Employment Relations Board (PERB), to process… more

District Court Rules That California’s Law Authorizing PERB to Govern Private Sector Labor Relations is Preempted
by CDF Labor Law LLP

AB 288, enacted by the California Legislature in September (which CDF reported on in September and October of this year), mirrors a similar New York law and authorizes California’s Public Employment Relations Board (PERB) to enforce… more

State AG’s Oppose FCC’s Efforts to Preempt State Laws Regulating AI
by Robinson+Cole Data Privacy + Security Insider

On December 17, 2025, a bipartisan group of 23 Attorneys General from the states of Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawai’i, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico… more

Redundancy Under German Labour Law: An Overview, 2026
by Hogan Lovells

Navigating redundancies under German labour law can be complex and requires careful planning to avoid legal pitfalls. Our updated Client Note provides a concise overview of the key considerations when dealing with significant workforce… more

2025 Fourth Quarter Issues/Programs List Advisory for Broadcast Stations
by Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP

Broadcasters’ next Quarterly Issues/Programs List (“Quarterly List”) must be placed in stations’ Public Inspection Files by January 10, 2026, reflecting information for the months of October, November, and December 2025… more

Shifting Standards: Hidden Costs of Automotive Regulatory Requirements
by Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP

With “affordability” now dominating the headlines, the heads of the three largest U.S. automakers have been invited to testify before the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee at a hearing set for Wednesday, January 14, 2026, to address the… more

Privacy Tip #473 – Rental Scams Fleecing Consumers Out of $65 Million
by Robinson+Cole Data Privacy + Security Insider

An analysis by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) shows that, since 2020, consumers have been swindled out of $65 million by rental scams. This statistic is particularly relevant during the holiday season when many people are traveling… more

Five Must-Watch Antitrust Storylines for 2026
by Mayer Brown

As an eventful 2025 in antitrust and competition comes to an end and we look forward to 2026, we reflect on the things that changed—and some things that did not—over the last year… more

Winter Storm Uri Force Majeure Discourse Continues
by Gray Reed

In MIECO LLC v. Pioneer Natural Resources USA Inc., the U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, on remand from the Fifth Circuit (see our report on that opinion) addressed two questions: Did Winter Storm Uri… more

German Labour Law – An Overview
by Hogan Lovells

German labour law is a complex system shaped by various legal sources, including federal legislation, collective bargaining agreements, works council agreements, and case law. This Client Note provides an overview of its key… more

SEC Staff No-Action Relief for DTC Pilot Provides a Pathway for Tokenized Securities
by Mayer Brown

On December 11, 2025, the staff of the Division of Trading and Markets of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a no-action letter to The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) concerning a pilot version (the “Preliminary Base… more

FBI Warns of Increase in AI-Generated Impersonations of Senior U.S. Officials
by Robinson+Cole Data Privacy + Security Insider

On December 19, 2025, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) published an Alert warning the public that it has data from as far back as 2023 that “malicious actors have impersonated senior U.S. state government, White House, and… more

Top 10 Business Divorce Cases of 2025
by Farrell Fritz, P.C.

Welcome to our 18th annual edition of the Top 10 business divorce cases featured on this blog over the past year. This year’s selections include a split decision by the New York Court of Appeals in a fascinating case involving a… more

Works Constitution in Germany
by Hogan Lovells

The tradition of works council co-determination is deeply rooted in German labour law, dating back to the Weimar Republic. Over the decades, the legal framework has evolved significantly, strengthening the role and influence of works… more

Lawsuit Alleges Fireflies.AI Corp. Illegally Collects Biometric Data from Virtual Meetings
by Robinson+Cole Data Privacy + Security Insider

A new lawsuit filed in Illinois federal court is shining a spotlight on the legal risks tied to AI-powered meeting assistants that offer transcription and speaker identification services on platforms like Zoom and Microsoft Teams. The… more

[Video] Hot Topics in International Trade - BLG Contract Attorney and JAG Officer Will Nesbit sits in with Bob Brewer VP Marketing/NBD BLG&BCG
by Braumiller Law Group, PLLC

Hot Topics in International Trade - BLG Contract Attorney and JAG Officer Will Nesbit sits in with Bob Brewer VP Marketing/NBD BLG&BCG… more

Mediation in California Personal Injury Cases: What to Expect
by Maison Law

In California, mediation is a structured negotiation settlement with a neutral third person, the mediator, who helps the parties communicate and find a resolution. The mediator does not decide who wins; the point is that the parties… more

Coverage Denied: Residence Premises Requirement Bars Claim Despite Premiums and Initial Payment
by Marshall Dennehey

Dan Pitts, as Trustee for Revocable Trust of Evelyn Pitts v. Universal Property & Casualty, Fla. 6th DCA, No. 6D2024-0575, Oct. 3, 2025 - Two years prior to Evelyn Pitts’ death, she placed her property in a revocable living trust… more

Points on the Board: The DOJ’s Trade Fraud Task Force Takes Action
by Alston & Bird

Our White Collar, Government, & Internal Investigations and International Trade & Regulatory Teams review the first Corporate Enforcement Policy (CEP) declination issued by the Department of Justice (DOJ) Trade Fraud Task Force and… more

First District Court of Appeals Affirms Carrier’s Payment of Actual Cash Value in Hurricane Sally Insurance Dispute; the Breach Must Occur Prior to Filing the Complaint
by Marshall Dennehey

Rodolfo Bailetti and Ana L. Saez v. Universal Property and Casualty Insurance Company, Fla. 1st DCA, No. 1D2024-1695, Oct. 8, 2025 - Hurricane Sally caused damage to the insureds’ residence in September 2020 when rainwater leaked into… more

New Presumptions in Favour of CMOs Greek Copyright Law
by International Lawyers Network

Fairly recently, Greek Parliament passed a Bill introducing serious changes to the representation powers of Greek CMOs in an effort to strengthen their position in the Greek market. These changes seriously affect direct licensing in… more

Europe: UK Reform of Short Selling Regime–FCA Consultation
by K&L Gates LLP

The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is consulting on changes to the short selling regime in the United Kingdom (UK), as set out in Consultation Paper CP25/29… more

Florida Court Upholds Summary Judgment: EUO Admission of Misrepresented Address Deemed Admissible Evidence
by Marshall Dennehey

Universal X Rays, Corp. v. United Auto. Ins. Co., Fla. 3rd DCA, No. 3D24-0777, Oct. 8, 2025 - After a motor vehicle accident, the insured received medical treatment from the plaintiff and assigned all his rights under his insurance… more

Australia’s Trade Mark System Further Simplified: Recent Amendments to Regulations
by K&L Gates LLP

The Trade Marks Amendment (International Registrations, Hearings and Oppositions) Regulations 2025 passed on 18 November 2025 introduces several amendments designed to streamline the Australian trade mark system, reduce unnecessary… more

Can a Guardianship Be Reversed? Understanding Restoration of Capacity in New Jersey
by Mandelbaum Barrett PC

In New Jersey, being declared incapacitated does not necessarily mean that a person will remain under guardianship forever. Circumstances can change, and when they do, the law provides a path for individuals to regain some, or all, of… more

Appeals Court Reverses Verdict, Finds Trial Court Erred in Denying Motion to Dismiss and In Finding Late Notice Defense Was Waived When Alternative Policy Exclusions Were Raised in the Same Pleading
by Marshall Dennehey

Universal Prop. & Cas. Ins. Co. v. Suffrat, Fla. 3rd DCA, No. 3D23-2263, LT No. 21-22216-CA-01, Nov. 5, 2025 - The Third District Court of Appeal reversed the trial court’s order denying the insurance company’s motion to set aside a… more

President Trump Issues Executive Order Directing DOJ to Expedite Rescheduling of Marijuana to Schedule III: What Changes Now, What Doesn't, and What Comes Next
by Saul Ewing LLP

On Thursday, December 18, 2025, President Trump issued an Executive Order (EO) directing the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to expedite the completion of the rescheduling of marijuana from Schedule I to Schedule III. A fact sheet… more

Update: Delaware’s New Trade Name Registration Process
by Saul Ewing LLP

As previously reported, the State of Delaware ("Delaware" or the "State") has amended the Delaware Code relating to the registration of fictitious names or "Doing Business As" names ("DBAs"). While transition to a new registration… more

How to Schedule a Deposition Step-by-Step
by U.S. Legal Support

Depositions are the meat of the discovery sandwich—they allow attorneys to examine the testimonies and presentation of potential witnesses, and are key to both trial strategy and settlement negotiations.  But preparing for a… more

Ordinary Magic, Extraordinary Risk: The Feedback Loops Behind Hostile Work Claims
by Weber Gallagher Simpson Stapleton Fires & Newby LLP

By the time you’re defending your company against an employment discrimination lawsuit, you may realize too late that what was invisible to your C-suite could wreak calamitous (and public) consequences for your company. In Ordinary… more

Navigating the New M&A Landscape: Regulatory Shifts and Deal-Ready Strategies
by Ervin Cohen & Jessup LLP

The M&A environment in the United States is undergoing a noteworthy transformation. While macroeconomic factors such as easing interest rates and abundant private-equity “dry powder” (i.e. the uncalled capital that a fund has available… more

Sun Pharma Launches ILUMYA® in India
by Goodwin

On December 1, 2025, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (“Sun Pharma”) announced the launch of ILUMYA® (tildrakizumab-asmn) in India.  ILUMYA® is a humanized monoclonal antibody injection indicated for the treatment of adults with… more

Cosmetic Product Facility Registration and Product Listing Renewals
by Venable LLP

As year-end cosmetic compliance obligations approach, cosmetic companies should review their annual cosmetic product registration and listing requirements. Cosmetic facility registration renewals are biennial and are not tied to the… more

Plaintiff Unsuccessfully Tries to Sidestep Mediated Settlement
by Zelle LLP

Picture this: an insurer and its insured are engaged in a dispute concerning a property insurance claim. They engage in litigation and the discovery process, and eventually go to mediation. At the mediation, the parties seem to reach… more

What Employers Need to Know About Missouri’s January 1 Minimum Wage Increase: 3 Practical Tips for Compliance
by Fisher Phillips

Missouri employers might feel confused about the upcoming minimum wage increase set to take effect on January 1. While voters passed Proposition A in 2024 to increase the minimum wage to $15 per hour and require most employers to… more

Tax Issues and Estate Planning for U.S. Expats
by Allen Barron, Inc.

What are the most important challenges associated with tax issues and estate planning for U.S. expatriates? Are you planning to move out of the United States? Are you a U.S. taxpayer who lives and works outside of the country? What… more

Eleventh Circuit Upholds Constitutionality of Corporate Transparency Act
by Holland & Knight LLP

In National Small Business United v. U.S. Department of the Treasury, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit reversed the ruling of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama, which had… more

New York Broadens Attorney General Authority and Embraces Enforcement-Driven Regulation
by Venable LLP

New York has amended its General Business Law to move beyond a deception-based consumer protection standard and authorize enforcement against unfair and abusive practices, giving the Attorney General materially broader discretion to… more

RegFi Episode 75: GENIUS Act Implications for Banks and Stablecoin Issuers
by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP

Georgia State law professor Todd Phillips joins RegFi co-hosts Jerry Buckley and Caroline Stapleton to break down the newly enacted GENIUS Act framework for payment stablecoins. The conversation explores whether regulators will curb… more

Novedades y avances del sector minero y eléctrico en México y Colombia
by Holland & Knight LLP

El panorama regulatorio de los sectores minero y energético en América Latina atraviesa una fase de transformación profunda, marcada por la búsqueda de un equilibrio entre la eficiencia productiva y la protección integral de los… more

Landowners May Be Subject to Property Tax in Israel!
by Barnea Jaffa Lande & Co.

The recently published memorandum of law seeking to reinstate property tax could have a significant impact on dozens to hundreds of thousands of landowners in Israel. Although it is only  a memorandum of law at this stage, it is… more

Diritto Intelligente - December 2025
by DLA Piper

December is traditionally a time to pause, look back, and look ahead. This issue of Diritto Intelligente does all three, offering a snapshot of how European digital law is moving from rule-making to execution, just as we enter what… more

[Webinar] Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk - January 14th, 4:00 pm PST
by NAVEX

Explore expert predictions for the year ahead in compliance. This NAVEX webinar covers AI regulation, enforcement updates, and emerging global standards shaping the next era of ethics and risk management… more

Franchisor 101: No Room for Contempt
by Lewitt Hackman

A federal district court in New Jersey granted summary judgment in favor of Choice Hotels International (“Choice”) in a trademark infringement action against a former franchisee who operated a hotel under Choice’s Econo Lodge… more

Proposed Bill Would Revive Slashed OBBBA Energy Tax Credit Cuts
by Husch Blackwell LLP

On October 29, 2025, Democratic members of the House Ways and Means Committee introduced H.R. 5862, the American Energy Independence and Affordability Act (the Bill). The legislation, introduced by Rep. Mike Thompson (D-Calif.), would… more

New York Enacts Trapped at Work Act to Ban Employment Promissory Notes
by Vedder Price

On December 19, 2025, New York Governor Kathy Hochul signed into law Senate Bill S4070B, otherwise known as the Trapped at Work Act (“the Act”). The Act, an amendment to the New York Labor Law, bans promissory notes that require… more

What Happens to Nick Reiner’s Inheritance?
by Blank Rome LLP

I recently sat down with People Magazine, Entertainment Tonight, WGN Radio, and ABC Eyewitness News to answer this question: What happens to Nick Reiner’s inheritance? California has a “Slayer Statute” that deprives a murderer of… more

The Internet Is Not an HR Department – Observations from the Viral Cinnabon Firing for Employers
by Husch Blackwell LLP

A frontline service worker at a Cinnabon was recently terminated after a video circulated showing her hurling a racist epithet at a Somali couple. The footage spread quickly with millions of views on TikTok. The employer acted swiftly… more

The 2025 Version of Why It’s Time For an Annual Checkup For You and Your Company
by Jaburg Wilk

Beginning in 2014, many of you probably read my blog regarding having a checkup for you and, if you have one, your business. This does not involve the doctor, but it does involve all the other professionals in your personal and… more

FTC Issues Consumer Review Warning Letters and Vacates AI Consent Order: Key Points
by DLA Piper

On December 22, 2025, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) announced two actions relating to fake or false consumer reviews: 1. Issuance of a set of warning letters to companies that may be responsible for fake or false reviews… more

OBBBA and the Self-Imposed Tax Known as Charitable Giving
by Rivkin Radler LLP

According to a report released earlier this year by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, nonprofit organizations contribute more than 5 percent of the nation’s GDP and account for almost 10 percent of “private sector” employment… more

Injured by a Prescription Drug? What You Need to Know About Pharmaceutical Lawsuits and Failure to Warn Claims
by Morris James LLP

When we take prescription medications, we trust that they will help us feel better, not leave us with devastating side effects we were never warned about. Unfortunately, that trust is sometimes misplaced, not because doctors failed… more

Additional Updates »
UPCOMING WEBINARS & EVENTS
JAN
8
January Bridge Series
Cincinnati, OH
Event by Bricker Graydon LLP
JAN
14
Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk
Webinar by NAVEX
JAN
14
Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk
Webinar by NAVEX
JAN
14-30
Passport to U.S. Customs Compliance – Winter Edition
Virtual Event by American Conference Institute (ACI)
JAN
15
AI & Compliance Conference Series
Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE)
JAN
22-23
AI & RegTech for Financial Services and Insurance Summit
New York, NY
Event by American Conference Institute (ACI)
FEB
2-3
Managed Care Compliance Conference
Chandler, AZ
Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA)
FEB
9-12
Compliance & Ethics Essentials Workshop
Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE)
FEB
9-12
Healthcare Compliance Essentials Workshop
Virtual Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA)
FEB
23-27
2026 Winter Symposium
Lake Buena Vista, FL
Event by TNG Consulting
MAR
2-4
14th Annual European Compliance & Ethics Institute
Berlin, Germany
Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE)
Show more 
FEATURED AUTHORS
Katherine Terrell Frank
Vinson & Elkins LLP
 Trending in Securities Law
Andie Kramer
ASKramer Law
 Trending in Cryptocurrency
Emily Statham
Snell & Wilmer
 Trending in Artificial Intelligence
Mike Volkov
The Volkov Law Group
 Trending in Compliance
Linn Freedman
Robinson & Cole LLP
 Trending in Cybersecurity
Ralph Losey
EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model
 Trending in Electronic Discovery
Robin Shea
Constangy, Brooks, Smith & Prophete, LLP
 Trending in Employer Liability Issues
Candace Dellacona
Offit Kurman
 Trending in Estate Planning
Barbara Kihumba
Constangy, Brooks, Smith & Prophete, LLP
 Trending in Immigration Law
Richard Reibstein
Troutman Pepper Locke
 Trending in Independent Contractors
Priya Cherian Huskins
Woodruff Sawyer
 Trending in Insurance
Sandi Nichols
Allen Matkins
 Trending in Oil & Gas
Matthew Johnson
Jones Day
 Trending in Patent Infringement
Rosemary Becchi
Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck
 Trending in IRS
Dustin O'Quinn
Ballard Spahr LLP
 Trending in Visas
OTHER TOPIC CHANNELS
The NLRB Securities & Exchange Commission Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Federal Trade Commission ERISA Updates Medicare Family Medical Leave Act Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Americans with Disabilities Act Government Contracting False Claims Act Mobile Apps Wage & Hour Class Actions Data Breaches Children's Online Privacy Common Law Marriage Discrimination Fracking Oil & Gas Renewable Energy Electronic Discovery 3D Printing Patents Independent Contractors European Union China Privacy Intellectual Property Employment Law
WATCH THIS

Hot Topics in International Trade - BLG Contract Attorney and JAG Officer Will Nesbit sits in with Bob Brewer VP Marketing/NBD BLG&BCG

5 Key Takeaways | The Essentials of Advertising Claims Substantiation

6 Key Takeaways | Update on Significant Unclaimed Property Issues

Regulatory Ramblings: Episode 85 - The Path Towards an EU Impact Investing Framework Plus: Spotlight on The Broader Social Dimensions of CBDCs

FCPA Compliance Report: Reinventing Compliance in 2026: Insights and Strategies with Daniel Zmak

(Podcast) California Employment News: Best Practices for Office Holiday Celebrations (Featured)

The Briefing: A Very Patented Christmas – The Quirkiest Inventions for the Holiday Season (Featured)

Don't make these four mistakes in your "2026 predictions" thought leadership content

Hot Topics in International Trade - Potential IEEPA Refunds Navigation, Part 2, with Adrienne Braumiller, Braumiller Law Group

Back to Top

Home What Is JD Supra? Subscribe Leverage Your Thought Leadership Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Team Cookie Preferences

Explore 2025 Readers' Choice Awards

Copyright © 2025 JD Supra, LLC