Digital Life Certificate for Pensioners.
A- A A+         हिन्दी
Skip to main content
 
Home
About
Get a certificate
Locate a Centre
Download
Guidelines
Circular
FAQ
PDA/PSA Login
Pensioner Login
DLC FaceAuth
Previous
Next
Welcome to Jeevan Pramaan. Digital Life Certificate for Pensioners

Jeevan Pramaan is a biometric enabled digital service for pensioners. Pensioners of Central Government, State Government or any other Government organization can take benefit of this facility.

More than One Crore families in India can be classified as pensioner families, where the pension disbursed by the various government bodies forms the basis for their income and sustainability. There are about Fifty Lakh pensioners of the Central Government and a similar number of the various State and UT Governments and various other government agencies. This includes pensioners from the various public sector enterprises. In addition to this Army and Defence Personnel drawing pension exceeds Twenty-five lakhs.

One of the major requisite for the pensioners post their retirement from service, is to provide life certificates to the authorized pension disbursing agencies like Banks,Post offices etc., following which their pension is credited to their account. In order to get this life certificate the individual drawing the pension is required to either personally present oneself before the Pension Disbursing Agency or have the Life Certificate issued by authority where they have served earlier and have it delivered to the disbursing agency.

This very requirement of personally being present in front of the disbursing agency or getting a life certificate often becomes a major hurdle in the process of seamless transfer of pension amount to the pensioner. It has been noted that it causes a lot of hardship and unnecessary inconvenience particularly for the aged and infirm pensioners who cannot always be in a position to present themselves in front of the particular authority to secure their life certificate. In addition to this a lot of government employees post their retirement choose to move to a different location either to be with their family or other reasons, hence causing a huge logistical issue when it comes to accessing their rightful pension amount.

Digital Life Certificate for Pensioners Scheme of the Government of India known as Jeevan Pramaan seeks to address this very problem by digitizing the whole process of securing the life certificate. It aims to streamline the process of getting this certificate and making it hassle free and much easier for the pensioners. With this initiative the pensioners requirement to physically present himself/herself in front of the disbursing agency or the certification authority will become a thing of the past benefiting the pensioners in a huge way and cutting down on unnecessary logistical hurdles.

How it Works
Jeevan Pramaan uses the Aadhaar platform for biometric authentication of the pensioner.
A successful authentication generates the Digital Life Certificate which gets stored in the Life Certificate Repository. The Pension Disbursing Agencies can access the certificate on-line.
Life Certificate Generation

Download the PC/ Mobile application or alternatively visit the nearest Jeevan Pramaan Centre to get yourself registered.
Provide necessary information like Aadhaar number, Pension Payment Order,
Bank Account, Bank Name and your Mobile number.

Aadhaar Authentication

Provide your biometrics, either a finger print or Iris and authenticate your self.
(Jeevan Pramaan uses the Aadhaar Platform for on-line biometric authentication )

Life Certificate.

After a successful authentication a SMS acknowledgement is sent to your mobile number including your Jeevan Pramaan Certificate ID.
The certificates are stored in the Life Certificate Repository for making it available any time and any where for the pensioner and the Pension Disbursing Agency.

Access your Certificate

You can download a PDF copy of the certificate from the Jeevan Pramaan website by providing
the Jeevan Pramaan ID.

Pension Disbursing Agency

The Pension Disbursing Agency can access the Life Certificate from the Jeevan Pramaan website, and download the same.

Electronic Delivery

The Life Certificates can also be electronically delivered to the Pension Disbursing Agency, without any manual intervention.
(Pension Disbursing Agency can get in touch with our team, to enable the e-delivery facility )

Get a Certificate
Getting a digital Life certificate is hassle free and can be obtained through various Jeevan Pramaan Centres which are being operated by CSCs, Banks, Government offices or by using the client application on any PC/mobile/tablet.

Download the PC/Mobile/Tablet application to register for a Life Certificate.
PC

Windows 10(or Above)

Mobile

Android 9.0 and above

Offices

Central & State Government Offices

Phone: 1800 111 555


Mail:jeevanpramaan[at]gov[dot]in

Help | Website Policy | Contact us | Feedback | Sitemap

Copyright © 2025 Jeevan Pramaan. All rights reserved.

Last reviewed and updated on 24th Sep, 2025