Thomas Jefferson University Skip to main content Apply Visit Give More Search Academics Back Academics Academics Home Program Finder Areas of Interest Registrar's Office Online Programs Continuing & Professional Studies Study Away Academic Calendars Colleges, Schools & Institutes Sidney Kimmel Medical College College of Architecture & The Built Environment Kanbar College of Design, Engineering & Commerce School of Business School of Design & Engineering College of Health Professions College of Humanities & Sciences College of Life Sciences College of Nursing College of Pharmacy College of Population Health College of Rehabilitation Sciences Institute of Emerging Health Professions Find Your Program Prepare yourself for what’s yet to come. Admissions Back Admissions Admissions Home Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Continuing & Professional Studies Admissions Sidney Kimmel Medical College Admissions Admissions Quick Links Request Information Schedule a Visit Take a Virtual Tour Apply for Admission Financing Your Education Contact Admissions Apply Start your Jefferson journey today. Tuition & Financial Aid Back Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid Home Tuition, Fees and Room & Board (2025-26) Tuition & Financial Aid Quick Links Financial Aid Office Student Accounts Office Contact Us Expert Center City and East Falls staffs are here to help. Life at Jefferson Back Life at Jefferson Life at Jefferson Home Center City Residential Life East Falls Residential Life Virtual Tours Life at Jefferson Quick Links Explore Philadelphia University Catalog & Handbooks Commencement Consumer Information & Disclosures Plan Your Visit Each of our locations offers a unique learning environment. Research Back Research Research Home Labs & Service Centers Research Resources 2025 Research Magazine Research Quick Links Applied Research Basic Research Clinical Research Athletics Back Athletics Athletics Home Visit jeffersonrams.com Athletic Facilities Shop Official Store Athletics Quick Links Health & Wellness at Jefferson Jefferson Recreation & Fitness Center News Back News News Home News Quick Links Design & Style Science & Technology Business Health Life at Jefferson Podcasts More Apply Visit Give More Close Apply Visit Give Explore More: Jefferson Advantage About Jefferson Virtual Tour Jefferson Online Global Jefferson Campus Locations Alumni Careers Provost Current Students & Faculty Center City Campus Banner Campus Store Canvas Commuter Services Campus Life & Current Students Faculty & Staff JeffMail Library Office 365 Student Portal East Falls Campus Banner Campus Store Canvas Faculty & Staff Giving JeffMail Library Starfish Student Life & Resources Student Portal YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Apply Programs Visit 25 Memorable Moments from 2025 From milestones and events, including our annual student fashion show, to groundbreaking research and more, take a closer look at some of the biggest University stories of 2025 Explore Jefferson Apply to Jefferson Our Programs Visit Us Start Your Jefferson Journey Whether you're contemplating enrollment at Jefferson for a bachelor's or master’s degree, our team is ready to assist you with the academic journey ahead. As an established institution with campuses across various locations, including our vibrant main campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Jefferson offers nearly 200 programs, featuring a diverse array of majors for both undergraduate and graduate students. Discover more about your next steps in the education process and explore the rich opportunities for study at our university by visiting our University Admissions website. First-Year Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Admissions Sidney Kimmel Medical College Admissions Continuing & Professional Studies We offer a variety of accelerated online undergraduate degree options for students in an array of disciplines to meet educational objectives. Continuing & Professional Studies at Jefferson Jefferson Online Explore nearly 100 online undergraduate and graduate programs – designed for flexibility and built around an engaging, interactive community. Jefferson's Online Program Finder Get a 360° View Virtual Tour & Jefferson Visit Options Our Philadelphia campuses are tradition-breakers and beautiful places to learn. We cross the city and the suburbs. From our vibrant Center City campus to our East Falls grounds and beyond, each location offers a unique learning environment. Virtual Tour Explore Visit Options University Rankings Jefferson Climbs in 2026 U.S. News & World Report Rankings Thomas Jefferson University has jumped several spots in the latest U.S. News & World Report 2026 Best Colleges rankings — four places in the overall national universities category and 26 spots in the social mobility category. “We have many success stories to tell,” says University President Dr. Susan Aldridge. “The rankings validate the success we’ve had in the past year, including our record enrollment, national recognition for our research and new academic programs.” Read the Story Two Centuries and Counting Redefine Possible Focusing on our craft to drive progress and growth in architecture, business, design, engineering, fashion & textiles, health, medicine, nursing, science and social science, we find innovative solutions and redefine possible. Learn More: Redefine Possible Philanthropy You Make It All Possible In this season of giving, your generosity makes our mission to improve lives possible. Donate once or set up a monthly donation, designating your gift to any number of Jefferson options. Make a Donation Features & News New Programs Four Innovative Programs Launched At the intersection of Artificial Intelligence, Health Data Analytics and Business Analytics, these programs — MS in Business Analytics , MS in Data Analytics , MS in Computational Biology & Medicine and Artificial Intelligence in Health Analytics Leadership Advanced Practice Certificate — aim to equip students with critical skills in an evolving job market. Read the Story & View the Programs Jefferson's First Alma Mater Jefferson Alum Pens University Alma Mater “Jefferson, How We Adore Thee” is at once a bit of history the story of perseverance of its author, Elizabeth Avril Barden. "It’s about leaving a legacy," Barden says. "The best thing someone could have done was recommend that I attend Jefferson after community college. I earned my degree in a year and graduated at age 31 with four kids. That seemed impossible. The alma mater is a gift to Jefferson because Jefferson gave me a gift." Read The Story & Watch The Video University News Jefferson's Ethical AI Education Initiative As part of our strategic vision, the University is upgrading its curriculum to embed ethical AI use into every college and nearly every academic program. Read The Story Research News SKMC Launches Center to Accelerate Patient Care Discoveries Sidney Kimmel Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University has established the Clinical and Translational Sciences Center (CTSC) to speed the translation of scientific discoveries into life-changing treatments and healthcare innovations. Read the Announcement Creativity & Innovation A New Creative Minor for Any Major When a few pre-med and biology students unexpectedly enrolled in a design-based drawing course in 2022, associate professor EJ Herczyk realized something important: Students across Jefferson sought creative outlets as meaningful as their major coursework. Enter a new Studio Art minor . Read the Story What's New Fashion Students’ Collections Shine at New York Fashion Week Two Jefferson fashion design students were invited to showcase their work at the Designers’ Premier show as part of New York Fashion Week in February. Learn More Showing 3 items. News Archive Thomas Jefferson University and Sempresto, Inc. Announce Strategic Partnership to Advance Smartphone-Integrated Rescue Medication Platform Jefferson College of Nursing Dean Dr. Marie Ann Marino Elected to Board of Directors of American Academy of Nursing Thomas Jefferson University Awarded Major Grant for Complex Care Model for People With Severe Substance Use Disorder Apply Visit Give Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Copyright © 2025 Thomas Jefferson University Jefferson Health Innovation Philanthropy Contact Admissions Privacy Policy Consumer Information Jefferson holds itself accountable, at every level of the organization, to nurture an environment of inclusion and respect, by valuing the uniqueness of every individual, celebrating and reflecting the rich diversity of its communities, and taking meaningful action to cultivate an environment of fairness, belonging & opportunity.