JibJab uses various technologies, including third-party cookies, beacons, and codes, in order to personalize our website functionalities, measure website usage and performance, and to make our site easier to use. Information about your site visit may be stored or shared with third parties as identified in our privacy policy. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Ok
Make 'em Laugh! Fun Video Ecards and Greetings Starring You®, Family & Friends
Ecards
New Years
Birthdays
Holidays
Occasions
Invitations
AI Image Packs
Log in
Sign Up
Fun Video Ecards and Greetings Starring You®, Family & Friends
0:15
0:29
0:07
0:25
0:07
0:22
0:05
0:36
More Online Greeting Cards to Stick Your Face In
View More
Ecards for
A Birthday
Celebration
BROWSE BIRTHDAYS
Featured Categories
View more
JibJab Ecards

Introducing JibJab – where the laughter never stops and the party is always poppin’! Get ready to unleash the zaniness and make your peeps double over in stitches with our knee-slappin’ ecards that are as goofy as your Uncle Ned after one too many cups of coffee!

So, you wanna send a birthday ecard that’ll have ’em rolling on the floor? Or maybe you’re itching to spread some Merry Christmas cheer with a side of hilarity? Perhaps you’re feeling all lovey-dovey and wanna show your better half just how much they mean to you? Or hey, are you on a quest to say thank you in the most unforgettable way ever? Well, folks, we’ve gotcha covered! Just hunt down the perfect custom greeting card, slap on 1-5 grinning mugs, and hit that send button faster than a caffeinated squirrel on roller skates. It’s so darn easy that we’ve heard rumors of pets sending our personalized greeting cards online…who knew Fluffy was so funny?!

You Bring the Faces, We Bring the Smiles

At JibJab, we firmly believe that laughter is the best darn medicine this side of the moon. And guess what? You don’t need to enroll in medical school to become a certified ecard maker! Brighten up someone’s day by sending ’em some of our signature LOLs. We’ll turn ’em into the headliner of their very own blockbuster flick, or let ’em break it down like a dancefloor dynamo with our rockin’ music video ecards. We’ve been crafting these world-famous cards for so long that we’ve got online cards for just about any reason you can dream up... and heck, some reasons we straight-up invented ourselves!

So there you have it, friends! JibJab – where the laughter flows like soda at a burp contest and the good times never run dry. Get ready to be the ecard guru of your crew, and let the chuckles rain down like confetti at a clown’s birthday bash!

HOLIDAYS
New Years
Valentine's Day
St. Patrick's Day
Easter
Passover
Mother's Day
Father's Day
Independence Day
Halloween
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Hanukkah
CELEBRATE
Birthdays
Anniversary
Wedding &
Engagement
Graduation
Baby
GREETINGS
Love
Thanks
You Rock
Get Well
Congrats
Sorry
Free
Browse All Categories
About
Help
Terms
Privacy

JibJab®, Sendables®, Starring You® and JokeBox® are registered trademarks of JibJab Catapult CA, Inc. © Copyright 1999–2025 JibJab Catapult CA, Inc. All Rights Reserved.