Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App Skip to main content × E-mail Password Create new account Reset your password Main Navigation Transformations Podcast Blog Recipes About Forums × Welcome Back! Sign In to continue Enter your details below to access your account. E-mail Password Create new account Reset your password TRANSFORMATIONS BLOGS RECIPES FORUMS PODCAST GET THE APP LOGIN START YOUR FREE TRIAL THE FITNESS APP Custom workouts by leading experts, meal plans, community, support & more. Any device, anyplace, anytime. FREE TRIAL Click here for our gift cards! Train with The Fitness App STRENGTH YOGA BOOTCAMP KICKBOXING CARDIO PRENATAL HIIT STRETCHING RESTORATIVE CORE RUNNING WALKING JILL'S DVD LIBRARY GYM TRAINING AUDIO ONLY Anywhere, Anytime, Any Device Unlimited variety at home, in the gym, outside and on the go. FREE TRIAL Custom Meal Plans OMNIVORE Whether you want to cleanse your system and detox your body, jumpstart your metabolism, shed fat, maintain lean muscle, increase your energy, optimize your immunity - the Omnivore Meal Plan has you covered. KETO The Keto Reset Meal Plan by Dr. Josh Axe helps balance hormones, increase insulin sensitivity, and burn body fat. I have worked with Dr. Axe to bring you what I believe is the healthiest and most effective jumpstart possible that adheres to your dietary requirements. VEGAN The Vegan fat-burning nutrition plan, co-created by Megan Marlow, shows you how easy and tasty being vegan can be. This plan combines key ingredients to ensure you are getting enough calories and nutrients to boost performance in the gym and out. VEGETARIAN The Vegetarian Meal Plan makes healthy eating delicious, easy, and affordable. This plan is for individuals that don’t eat meat of any kind, but still incorporate dairy and eggs into their diet. PESCATARIAN The Pescatarians Plan is for individuals that don’t eat meat, but still incorporate seafood, dairy, and eggs into their diet. It’s designed to maximize healthy fats, amino acids from clean protein, and phytonutrients for optimal metabolism function, lean muscle maintenance, and increased energy! 5 DAY JUMPSTART The fat-burning 5-day jumpstart nutrition plan will help you flush bloat, eliminate waste from your system and give your metabolism a kick in the pants through the removal of processed grains, sugar, and alcohol. PALEO The Paleo / Gluten-Free plan provides optimized phytonutrients, fiber, and clean protein combinations to ensure you get incredible results. 6 KEYS Based on Jillian’s best selling book, the 6 Keys Meal Plan is all about reversing the effects of aging for glowing skin, hair and nails. Longevity, vitality, immunity, and of course a healthy body weight that leaves you feeling confident in your own skin. QUICK AND EASY This meal plan is designed specifically for people who want to be healthy and are always in a hurry! Every meal has a short list of easy to find ingredients for tasty meals that can be prepared in under 10 minutes! Hundreds of Recipes Quick & easy, delicious and nutritious for any dietary preference. FREE TRIAL Meditation, Mindfulness, Sleep SLEEP BREATHWORK MEDITATION Find Your Chill Improve your focus, sleep deeper and stress less. FREE TRIAL And More TRACKING COMMUNITY MUSIC All You Need To Succeed Track calories in, calories out, and fitness progress. FREE TRIAL What The Members Are Saying Jillian has the perfect workouts, and her nutrition advice is based on science. I’m trying to age gracefully. Hard work but it’s worth it. sanyun6 Jillian is just better than anyone out there. Motivating not judgemental just no nonsense, get it done. I am a super fan! 56 and doin’ it Thank you so much for creating this app! I needed a change of pace and this is just what I needed. Workouts are butt kicking in the good way! I not only see a huge difference in my body I also feel so much better. Angela M. - The Mama Was getting bored of another workout app I have had for years and switched to this one. It’s so innovative and very helpful! I like that it’s in real time and she’s talking to you throughout. Very motivating! Fungirl2438 I own most of Jillian’s dvds but so worth the money to have this app! Wherever I go I can play a workout that I choose:) I will be paying yearly from here on for this awesome app! stcwakst Join Our Community @brandi_broome @allthatjazz1111 @adventuresinawareness @mydiaryofus @sweetums1978 Custom Meal Plans for Weight Loss All my bulletproof meal plans are co-created with professional chefs and registered dieticians, so they taste amazing and deliver insane results. Every plan offers focused guidelines, recipes, menus, shopping lists and even dining out tips, so all the guesswork is gone. Easily swap out recipes and tailor to taste. Omnivore, Pescatarian, Vegan, Vegetarian & Paleo/Gluten Free options available. Omnivore Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels fat burning nutrition plan for Omnivores offers everything you need to achieve your goals. Whether you want to cleanse your system and detox your body, jumpstart your metabolism, shed fat, maintain lean muscle, increase your energy, and optimize your immunity. This meal plan has you covered. Vegan Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels fat burning nutrition plan for Vegans, co-created by Megan Marlow, shows you how easy and tasty being vegan can be. This plan combines key ingredients to ensure you are getting enough calories and nutrients to boost performance in the gym and out. These nutrient-rich recipes ensure you get enough iron, protein, and calcium without having to consume animal products. The dishes are delicious, affordable, and incredibly effective. Paleo Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels Paleo/Gluten free nutrition plan provides optimized phytonutrients, fiber, and clean protein combinations to ensure you get incredible results. Jillian and her team of chefs and registered dietitians crafted this plan to boost energy, maintain muscle, and optimize fat burning. Vegetarian Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels meal plan for Vegetarians makes healthy eating delicious, easy, and affordable. This plan is for individuals that don’t eat meat of any kind, but still incorporate dairy and eggs into their diet. It’s designed to maximize phytonutrients for optimal metabolism function, boosted immunity, and increased energy! The recipes are also perfectly balanced with the right fats, fiber, and protein content to fuel your workouts and curb hunger while you get lean and mean. Pescatarian Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels meal plan for Pescatarians makes healthy eating delicious, easy, and affordable. This plan is for individuals that don'’t eat meat, but still incorporate seafood, dairy, and eggs into their diet. It’'s designed to maximize healthy fats, amino acids from clean protein, and phytonutrients for optimal metabolism function, lean muscle maintenance, and increased energy! The recipes are also perfectly balanced for optimal energy with the mix of macro nutrients to fuel your workouts and keep you revved for world domination. 5-Day Jumpstart Meal Plan The Jillian Michaels fat burning 5-day jumpstart nutrition plan will help you flush bloat, eliminate waste from your system and give your metabolism a kick in the pants through the removal of processed grains, sugar, and alcohol. This meal plan will also help you fend off cravings, break bad habits, and quite literally amplify and optimize your metabolism. Great to use as a jumpstart when you first start using the app or can also be used as a reset at any time you feel you need it. 6 Keys Meal Plan Based on Jillian's best-selling book. The 6 Keys meal plan is all about reversing the effects of aging for growing skin, hair and nails. Longevity, vitality, immunity, and of course a healthy body weight that leaves you feeling confident in your own skin. Quick and Easy Meal Plan This meal plan is designed specifically for people who want to be healthy and are always in a hurry. Every meal has a short list of easy to find ingredients for tasty meals that can be prepared in under 10 minutes! Keto Reset Meal Plan The Fitness App Keto Reset Meal Plan by Dr. Josh Axe helps balance hormones, increase insulin sensitivity, and burn body fat. I have worked with Dr. Axe to bring you what I believe is the healthiest and most effective 30 day meal plan jumpstart possible that adheres to your personal dietary requirements. By committing to following this program and allowing me to be your coach you have taken the first step towards a healthy, strong, sleek physique! Now With Jillian's Best-Selling DVD Library Jillian Michaels Bodyshred Jillian Michaels Body Revolution Jillian Michaels Ripped in 30 Jillian Michaels Beginner Shred Jillian Michaels Yoga Inferno Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred Jillian Michaels 6 Week Six-Pack Jillian Michaels Banish Fat Boost Metabolism Jillian Michaels No More Trouble Zones Jillian Michaels Yoga Meltdown Jillian Michaels Extreme Shed and Shred Jillian Michaels Hard Body Jillian Michaels Kickbox Fast Fix Jillian Michaels Killer Body Jillian Michaels Killer Buns and Thighs Jillian Michaels One Week Shred Personalized Fitness Programs Get the fitness motivation you need with the worlds #1 personal training and nutrition app from Jillian Michaels. Personalized workouts, custom meal plans, thousands of exercises and a fitness community of millions to support you. The Fitness App provides an infinite variety of fully interactive, customized daily workouts, or choose from one of Jillian’s specifically tailored programs listed below. For individuals of all fitness levels, from beginner workouts to super advanced fitness programs, yoga, meditations and more. Completely interactive fitness app. Swap out exercises to personalize your workouts. Increase or decrease the intensity at any time and Jillian will respond! Over 800 Unique Exercises that include an HD video to help perfect your form. Pick Your Music and dynamically match the tempo to the pace of your workout. Sync Your Workouts with Health. Bluetooth Compatible with most Bluetooth heart rate monitors. Fitness Progress Tracking to monitor your progress with a personal dashboard to track your weight, workouts, calories burned, calories consumed and more. Syncs with Apple Health, and most Bluetooth heart rate monitors. Bluetooth Compatible with most Bluetooth heart rate monitors. Fitness for Beginners Jillian's 30 day jump start program. For people just starting their fitness journey. If you have never worked out, feel intimidated by exercise, or have just let yourself fall out of shape, Fitness for Beginners is the ideal program to get you on the path to your best self. This program consist of 10 unique 20 minute workouts strategically sequenced to get you back into great health safely and effectively. Transform 90 Let Jillian change your life with Transform 90. This program is a rapid weight loss system for individuals with 30+ pounds to lose. In Transform 90, Jillian trains you through 36 totally unique, 25-minute workouts, and trains you through three progressive phases of fitness to meet you where you are at and subsequently transform your body, your health, and your life. Slim 60 Slim 60 is Jillian’s premier 8-week program to take you from good to insanely great. If you’ve dreamed of dropping the last 10 to 20 lbs, getting in the best shape of your life, sliding back into your favorite skinny jeans, having sex with the lights on, and making every ex you have ever had very… VERY sorry, this is the plan for you. Slim 60 has 26 unique 25-minute workouts designed to maximize your athletic and metabolic potential to achieve your absolute strongest, sexiest self. Bangin' Bikini Body Let Jillian get you looking your absolute best with buns of steel and washboard abs in 30 days! This program has 12 unique 25-minute workouts sequenced over 4 weeks to get you in insane shape. Jillian incorporates all your favorite fitness techniques pulling from HIIT intervals, Yoga and pilates moves, kickboxing moves, and more! Yoga Fit Jillian Michaels dynamic yoga exercise program. Yoga Fit is a 30-day yoga program that uses both traditional power yoga and flow techniques to build your stamina, strength, and energy. The workouts shift focus throughout your weeks to hit core, booty, and upper body to avoid over-training and ensure amazing results. Sexy Abs Get sexy, toned abs in 4 weeks with Jillian coaching you every step of the way. This program consists of 18 unique 25-minute workouts that utilize HIIT circuits and core-focused strength exercises to deliver amazing results! Weight Lifting & Functional Training Built for the Gym This 30-day program utilizes functional training tools like barbells, medicine balls, stability balls, and training benches to keep variety in your routine, prevent boredom, prevent plateau, and maximize your results. 6 Week Bridal Bootcamp The most popular Bridal Bootcamp ever. This 6-week program has 20 unique workouts that alternate between 40-minute strength days and 25-minute cardio days to get you in insane, stunning, sick, amazing shape for your trip down the aisle. Booty Bootcamp Let Jillian help you get the rockin’ booty you’ve always wanted with Booty Bootcamp. This program will lift and firm your buns in just 4 weeks with 18 unique, fast and fun 25-minute workouts! Lean Legs Get the long, lean, sexy legs you’ve always wanted in 30 days with Jillian as your trainer. This program consists of 18 unique 25-minute workouts designed to burn fat, strengthen, tone and condition your lower body so you look and feel your absolute best. Beautiful Back, Chest & Arms Let Jillian give you the sleek upper body physique you’ve always wanted. This program consists of 18 unique 25-minute workouts, sequenced strategically over 4 weeks so you get the most incredible results possible. Kickbox Body Kickbox Body is an intense 30 day workout that fully immerses you into the world of martial arts. The program progresses in difficulty over the 4 weeks to make sure that you properly learn all the techniques to ensure best results. There are 4 workouts per week. Each consisting of 20 minutes of pure calorie torching MMA techniques to make you look and feel like a complete and total badass. Along the way I will be giving you constant instruction on proper form as well as coaching to keep you motivated. So, flip your switch to Ninja mode and let’s get started. Prenatal Program The prenatal workout program is for Mamas-to-be throughout your 9 months of pregnancy. Our prenatal program has a separate program for each trimester, so make sure you choose the corresponding trimester program with how far along you are in your pregnancy. Jillian will train you for approx. 25 minutes four days a week with the appropriate modifications for each trimester so that you and your little one get the best results as safely as possible. Postnatal Bounce Back Baby Postnatal Bounce Back Baby from leading fitness expert Jillian Michaels. In Postnatal Bounce Back Baby, Jillian will ease you back into your fitness regimen post-kiddo to “get your body back” to tip top shape. Jillian takes into account any who have had a C-section or diastasis recti and all the exercises are designed to heal and recondition your abs to not just flatten your tummy, but rebuild your core strength. Make sure to get clearance from your doctor before starting the program! 365 Day Fitness Plan Jillian's year long fitness challenge. One year. You and me. A 3 tier, pure fitness challenge, accommodating athletes of all levels, culminating with you achieving your fittest, fastest, leanest, strongest, sexiest body. Features sequential monthly challenges to keep you energized, motivated, and focused ALL year round. Participants will train and become proficient in multiple disciplines of fitness: Running, Calisthenics, Yoga, Kickboxing, Lifting, HIIT training, Jump training, and much more. Walk a 5K Designed to get you walking and moving safely and comfortably For my beginners who are feeling a bit overwhelmed. During this program you will feel confident while gradually getting yourself in shape and preparing yourself for walk jog programs and/or total body toning plans. 5K Challenge Let Jillian take you from any level of athleticism to running your first 5k in only 8 weeks! This program combines running drills, strength training workouts, and stretch routines to get you across that finish line fitter and faster than ever. 10K If you’ve ever thought about completing a 10K, this is the program for you. In just 8 weeks, Jillian will take you from your current running level all the way to a 10k. Whether you run regularly, you just finished the 5k program, or even if you are a novice runner. This program incorporates run-walk intervals, distance runs, HIIT training, mobility work, and resistance training to build lower body strength, prevent injury, and built endurance. 6 Keys Anti-aging Unlock ageless health and strength. Based on Jillian's best-selling book, this program is all about longevity, vitality, immunity, and of course a helathy body weight that leaves you feeling confident in your own skin. Jillian trains you through 5 workouts a week over the course of 12 weeks to achieve your strongest, most vital self. Dad Bod This is an 8 week program designed to “dad bod” proof your body. So if you’ve packed on 20 or so extra pounds and you wanna see that six pack again this program has you covered. You’ll perform four 25 minute metabolic circuit training workouts a week that are comprised of resistance training and hit intervals. Then you will perform 2 days of moderate 20 minute active recovery cardio sessions. With one day of complete rest per week. If you are consistent and utilize one of my meal plans in conjunction with this program your results will be tremendous. Get excited. Jillian Michaels Workouts and Meal Plans - Dynamic Fitness Training App for Weight Loss. The most current fitness, nutrition, and wellness info & inspo straight to your inbox SUBSCRIBE About Discount Programs Jillian's Story Press HSA/FSA Eligible Support Advertising Cookies Disclaimer FAQ Help Privacy Terms GET THE APP