Jisc Skip to main content Latest from Jisc Landmark publishing agreements for UK universities We've successfully concluded negotiations with all five major academic publishers. News Preparing for the Teaching Excellence Framework How you can strengthen your data foundations to get ready for the changes ahead. Blog Trusted research environments Why collaboration and governance are key to making TREs a core part of institutional digital strategies. Blog Postgraduate recruitment and the rise of regional collaboration The opportunities and risks for universities exploring new ways to collaborate on postgraduate recruitment. Blog Reflections from Connect More 2025 Our event helped educators and technologists from across the UK find renewed purpose and community. Feature Explore more ideas and insights About us Our vision is to lead the UK tertiary education, research and innovation sectors to be pioneers in the use of digital technology and data. Our purpose is to harness the power of technology and data to transform how knowledge is created, shared and applied. Events Our events bring leaders and educators together to share expertise and ideas for improving education. We discuss some of the biggest challenges that we face today at our annual events like Digifest , Networkshop and our Security Conference , while also exploring the future landscape of our sector. Join us online or in person to participate and help to drive the conversation. Training Through our regular training courses we’ll help you to develop the skills, capabilities and competencies you need for an evolving digital world. Our experts deliver high-quality training, designed to give you the expertise to make the most of our services and solutions. Download the transcript (.docx) 21 January 2026 Data Matters 2026 Forward-thinking minds from education and research explore how data can drive meaningful transformation. Book now How we can help Advice and guidance Guides, training and consultancy Artificial intelligence Embrace AI with confidence Cloud Consultancy, support and reseller of services Connectivity Connection services and infrastructure Cyber security Protecting the network and your organisation Data analytics Address strategic challenges through data Libraries and learning resources Supporting research, teaching and learning Licensed software and content Affordable digital content for education Procurement and supplier management Simple, effective procurement solutions Research management Empowering innovation and efficiency Student experience Tools to enrich learning and employability Trust and identity Manage access efficiently and effectively A membership community As well as the services included in your membership , you can get involved with shaping new digital solutions. Plus every organisation has a dedicated relationship manager . You’re also invited to attend our programme of UK-wide events including Digifest and Networkshop. We support Further education Higher education Research England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Cymru We also welcome customers from local government, public sector, independent education providers, schools, non-profits and industry . Our brands Contact us help@jisc.ac.uk 0300 300 2212 Visit us We have offices in Bristol, London, Manchester, Oxford and across the UK. Find an office . Site footer Jisc product areas Areas Connectivity Cyber security Cloud Data and analytics Licensed software and content Research management Library and learning resources Student experience Trust and identity Advice and guidance Explore Guides Training Consultancy Events Innovation Useful About Membership Get involved Intelligence, ideas, insights Jobs Get in touch Contact us Sign up to our newsletter LinkedIn Instagram Facebook YouTube Site utilities Cookies Privacy Modern slavery Carbon reduction plan Accessibility