Contact Sales
Support
Join
Host
Sign In
Products
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Company
Explore Products
Features
Add Ons
Resources
Pricing
See Plans
Get a Demo
1 (833) 851 8340
Never miss a call: Discover GoTo Connect’s AI Receptionist.
Learn more today.
GOTO CONNECT
All-in-one, AI-powered cloud communications
For small, mid-sized, and distributed businesses—we have the most powerful smart phone system and unified communications platform for you.
See Plans and Pricing
Get a Demo
Category-leading
SaaS Solution
Award-winning
Customer Support
Easy Integration
with Your Tools
Everything You Need in One Platform
Select from a suite of cloud communications solutions tailored to your current needs, with the flexibility to add enhancements as your business evolves.
Phone System
Customer Experience (CX)
Contact Center
Cloud Phone System

Award-winning, cloud-based business phone system with softphone capabilities and SMS.

A powerful phone system with hundreds of features, including meeting and messaging capabilities
The best solution for the office, home, or on the go
Super-simple setup, remarkably easy to manage
Learn More
Unify every customer conversation
GoTo Connect brings all your customer communication channels together in one simple, intuitive platform. With seamless integrations, you can engage customers where they are—without switching between tools or missing key opportunities.
Get a Demo
Tailored for any industry
Automotive
Healthcare
Retail
Education
Manufacturing
"I’m amazed at how easy GoTo is to use, and how seamlessly it integrates with Tekion. Tekion made us paperless. GoTo made us mobile."
Bob Calabrese
Client Relations Director, Ewing Automotive
Explore Automotive Solutions
Explore All Solutions
Practical AI tools for seamless customer experiences
Meet your AI Receptionist

This add-on augments human interactions by automating tasks across digital and voice channels.

Learn More
AI-powered assistant
Automate tasks across channels to improve productivity.
Call summaries
AI-powered summaries of each call, so you never forget what was said.
Sentiment analysis
Capture and track customers' sentiment across phone calls, texts, and social media.
Topic monitoring
Monitor topics across calls, texts, and social media so you can address customer concerns.
Plus much more
Learn how GoTo's AI capabilities empower teams and reduce work.
Explore All AI Features
Trusted by customers in every industry
GoTo Connect Phone System
Grow your business with a cloud-based phone system packed with 100+ powerful features like unlimited call routing, auto attendants, robust integrations and a visual dial plan editor. This smart cloud-based business phone system is easy to deploy, manage, use, and scale.
Explore Phone System
GoTo Connect CX
Deliver increased customer satisfaction with GoTo Connect CX, the most comprehensive suite of customer experience tools all within one solution, offering unbeatable value. Equip every employee with the tools, channels, insights, and AI capabilities needed to delight customers and drive business growth. Enjoy enhanced integrations, advanced reporting, and new attendant capabilities all within our newest offering.
Explore CX
GoTo Connect Contact Center
Deliver better results with a cloud-based contact center solution that empowers agents, informs supervisors, and makes day-to-day operations simple for contact center managers and IT admins. GoTo Connect Contact Center provides a full omnichannel experience which includes phone, email, chat and WhatsApp, a full suite of API integrations, and quality management capabilities. Designed to make your team more productive and to provide a first-class experience for customers.
Explore Contact Center
Designed with you in mind
Fast
Implement in as little as one day
Easy
Manage without large IT teams
Affordable
Enterprise technology at SMB prices
Modern
AI-powered, cloud-based platform
Integrated
Native support for your common apps
FAQs
Show All
Hide All
What is GoTo Connect?
Do I need hardware or a VoIP phone to use the GoTo Connect cloud phone system?
Can I use my existing business phone number? How long does it take to port over my old number?
Is GoTo Connect the right cloud-based phone system for my small business?
How can AI for GoTo Connect improve the efficiency of my customer-facing team?
Are AI for GoTo Connect solutions suitable for small and medium-sized businesses?
How can AI for GoTo Connect help my business stay competitive in customer service?
Effortless customer interactions
Business and life can be complicated, but GoTo Connect makes delivering outstanding service and customer experiences simple.
See Plans and Pricing
COMPANY
About Us
Legal
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
WE'RE HIRING
Contact Us
Trust & Security
News
Practically Tomorrow Podcast
RESOURCES
Webinar Hub
Resource Center
Integrations
Become a Partner
Download Center
Glossary
Support
Blog
PRODUCTS
GoTo Connect
GoTo Connect CX
GoTo Contact Center
GoTo Meeting
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Training
Remote Access & Support
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Resolve
GoToMyPC
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Miradore
FOLLOW & SHARE GOTO:

© 2025 GoTo | All Rights Reserved

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy
Imprint
Trademark
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Sitemap
Sign up to our newsletter

English

Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site
This website uses cookies and other technologies to function, personalize your experience, analyze how users engage with us, and tailor advertising to you. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy. Clicking the "x" to close this banner or interacting with our website without interacting with this banner will accept all cookies and other tracking technologies.
Manage Settings
Accept All
Reject Optional
Powered by: