Home - J.K. Rowling This way for all the latest news and information about J.K. Rowling and her writing. Enter here This way for younger readers, who want to find out more about J.K. Rowling and her children's books. Come on in! Home News In My Own Words On Writing Books About Grown-Ups Younger Readers Skip to content Home News In My Own Words On Writing Books About News Support Lumos’ “Home for the Holidays” 2025 appeal Read more News Dame Shirley Bassey Brings Magic to New Harry Potter: The Full-Cast Audio Editions Read more News Tom Burke and Holliday Grainger return in Strike – The Running Grave Read more News Lumos celebrates 20 years of impact Read more News Harry Potter: The Full-Cast Audio Editions release first title today Read more News Harry Potter: The Full-Cast Audio Editions casting announcement Read more Terms of Use General Privacy & Cookies Policy Enquiries Links Media Kit Legal © J.K. ROWLING 2016 Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts Publishing rights © J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts characters, names and related indicia and trademarks of and © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved. J.K. ROWLING’S WIZARDING WORLD is a trademark of J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. This site uses cookies. To find out more, please read our General Privacy & Cookies Policy . By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT