JoBlo - Movie News, Latest Trailers, and More Movies TV Reviews Trailers Originals search search Movies News Reviews Trailers Posters Release Dates Box Office Interviews Lists Originals Genres Action Horror Sci-Fi Thrillers Horror News Reviews Trailers Posters Upcoming Originals Interviews Video Games TV News Reviews Trailers Interviews Home Cinema 4K Blu-Ray DVD Home Theater Tech Collectibles Release Dates Theatrical Streaming 4K / Blu-Rays Celebrity Interviews Pop Culture Retro Anime Gaming About Us JoBlo Originals We pick the best horror movies of the year! Posted 11 hours ago 2025 was a solid year for horror, but what were the best movies? Here’s our list of the best horror movies of the year! Movie Trailers Thor revealed in the second Avengers: Doomsday teaser Posted 11 hours ago Steve Rogers was announced to return with the first teaser. Now, Thor adds to the emotional weight by praying to his father for strength. JoBlo Originals The 20 Best Television Series of 2025 Posted 11 hours ago We count down the best series of 2025 including the top streaming, cable, and network shows, sequels, and limited events. See if your favorite show made the list! Movie News What’s coming up in Warner Bros’ 4K Blu-ray release slate? Posted 11 hours ago While Warner Bros. goes through its very public and very scary transitional period, the studio will be releasing some physical media of note. Movie News R.I.P. Isiah Whitlock Jr of The Wire Posted 3 hours ago Isiah Whitlock Jr., the man who turned saying “Sheeeeeeeeee-it” into an art form, is dead at the age of 71. Popular News See More Movie News James Cameron says he’ll hold a press conference to explain Avatar 4 & 5 if the franchise ends with Fire and Ash Posted 2 days ago James Cameron could reveal the rest of the Avatar franchise in a press conference if Avatar: Fire and Ash fails to live up to expectations. JoBlo Originals The Best Movies of 2025: From Sinners, to Marty Supreme and more! Posted 1 day ago We take a look at the ten best movies of the year. What made our list? Check it out! Movie News Chevy Chase Confronts His Reputation in CNN’s New Documentary Posted 1 day ago Don’t expect to hear from any of the cast members of Community or famous colleagues, such as Steve Martin and Christopher Guest. JoBlo Originals Animated Films of 2001 That Still Feel Magical Posted 3 days ago Welcome to our brand-new series, focusing on the greatest animated films of yesteryear! This week’s episode continues with the year 2001! Weekend Box Office Weekend Box Office: Avatar dominates while Zootopia 2 narrowly edges out Marty Surpreme Posted 2 days ago Unsurprisingly, James Cameron’s Avatar: Fire and Ash dominated the holiday box office, passing the $200 million mark domestically. sponsored content Latest News TV News The success of Heated Rivalry is helping its author battle Parkinson’s Posted 2 hours ago Heated Rivalry is based on the novels by Rachel Reid, and the success of the series is helping her receive treatment for Parkinson’s. Movie News The Wire’s Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Posted 3 hours ago Isiah Whitlock Jr., the man who turned saying “Sheeeeeeeeee-it” into an art form, is dead at the age of 71. TV News Stranger Things: Duffer brothers tease “completely different” spinoff series Posted 3 hours ago Stranger Things will end with an epic series finale, but a “completely different” spinoff series could continue the franchise. Horror Movie News Vampires of the Velvet Lounge: Stephen Dorff, Rosa Salazar horror comedy gets an R rating Posted 3 hours ago The horror comedy Vampires of the Velvet Lounge has secured an R rating from the Motion Picture Association ratings board Pop Culture After 44 years, MTV is officially ending the last of its 24-hour music channels on a global scale Posted 5 hours ago Paramount Global is shutting down five channels in the MTV orbit, ending the last 24-hour music channels on the nostalgic platform. Latest Reviews See More Movie Reviews No Other Choice Review: Park Chan-wook’s satirical comedy is a darkly hilarious thriller Posted 6 hours ago Lee Byung-hun stars in this story of an unemployed man at the end of his rope who takes deadly action. Movie Reviews Song Sung Blue Review: An unapologetic and effective tearjerker Posted 5 days ago Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson are perfectly cast as a real-life Neil Diamond tribute band marked by tragedy. Movie Reviews Anaconda (2025) Review: Great Concept, But Where Are the Laughs? Posted 1 week ago Despite a top-notch cast, pretty much everything about this Anaconda reboot fails. Ironically, the original 1997 film is much funnier. Movie Reviews Marty Supreme Review: Josh Safdie and Timothee Chalamet have made the film of the year Posted 1 week ago Timothee Chalamet gives the performance of a lifetime in Josh Safdie’s eighties-style drama about a hustling ping-pong player. Latest News Movie Reviews No Other Choice Review: Park Chan-wook’s satirical comedy is a darkly hilarious thriller Posted 6 hours ago Lee Byung-hun stars in this story of an unemployed man at the end of his rope who takes deadly action. Horror Movie News Primate, horror film about a rabies-crazed chimp, earns an R rating with strong bloody violent content and gore Posted 6 hours ago Director Johannes Roberts’ rabid chimp horror movie Primate has earned an R rating for bloody violence, gore, and more Movie News When is Tron: Ares coming to Disney+? Posted 7 hours ago The latest film in Disney’s Tron franchise, Tron: Ares, sets the eye-popping sci-fi sequel’s Disney+ streaming date. Horror Movie News When is Predator: Badlands getting a digital release? Posted 7 hours ago Predator: Badlands is getting a digital release in January, with the physical media release to follow in February Movie News Simu Liu’s Sleeping Dogs secures Nobody 2 and The The Beekeeper 2 director Timo Tjahjanto Posted 8 hours ago The adaptation of Square Enix’s action game Sleeping Dogs lands Nobody 2 and The Night Comes for Us director Timo Tajahjanto. Latest Trailers See More Movie Trailers The second Avengers: Doomsday teaser has arrived by the strength of Odin Posted 11 hours ago Steve Rogers was announced to return with the first teaser. Now, Thor adds to the emotional weight by praying to his father for strength. Movie Trailers Get a new look at Joe Carnahan’s The Rip, starring Ben Affleck and Matt Damon Posted 4 days ago Affleck and Damon team up again after working on the movie, Air. This time, they play cops in the underworld of Joe Carnahan. Movie Trailers David O. Russell’s Madden gets a teaser trailer: Check Out Nicolas Cage as the legendary coach Posted 5 days ago Despite a high-profile supporting cast, Madden is looking to bypass theaters for a debut on Prime Video. Movie Trailers Apex: Charlize Theron’s Netflix thriller gets a trailer Posted 5 days ago Charlize Theron dangles off the side of a cliff in the first trailer for Apex, her upcoming survival thriller for Netflix. Latest News Horror Movie News Will Joe Cornish and Millie Bobby Brown team for Netflix’s haunted amusement park movie Dark Park? Posted 8 hours ago Director Joe Cornish and Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown might team up for the Netflix horror movie Dark Park Movie News Greenland 2: Migration arrives in theatres next month, and we have a batch of exclusive images to help build the hype Posted 8 hours ago With the theatrical release of Greenland 2: Migration right around the corner, we’re proud to share a batch of EXCLUSIVE images Movie News What’s 70s film is inspiring George Clooney for Ocean’s Fourteen? Posted 9 hours ago Steven Soderbergh may not be returning to the Ocean’s franchise, but Clooney has many of the principals back for more. TV Trailers Fall forward, not apart, with the new trailer for season 3 of Shrinking Posted 9 hours ago Bill Lawrence’s hit Apple TV comedy series returns in the new year and will feature some notable guest appearances. Movie News Is Jordan Peele warming up to the idea of directing a Marvel movie? Posted 10 hours ago Marvel wants Jordan Peele to direct an MCU movie, and we’re wondering if Peele might be warming up to the idea Latest Originals See More JoBlo Originals The 10 Best Horror Movies of 2025! Posted 11 hours ago 2025 was a solid year for horror, but what were the best movies? Here’s our list of the best horror movies of the year! JoBlo Originals The 20 Best Television Series of 2025 Posted 11 hours ago We count down the best series of 2025 including the top streaming, cable, and network shows, sequels, and limited events. See if your favorite show made the list! JoBlo Originals Why Did Anime Explode in 2025? Posted 1 day ago Looking back at 2025, we examine the anime boom and attempt to determine why the genre endured while the industry flailed. JoBlo Originals Damien: The Omen II – Inside the Troubled Sequel That Turned Death Into Spectacle Posted 1 day ago A deep dive into Damien: The Omen II, from director walkouts and cut roles to outrageous death scenes and lasting horror influence Latest News TV Trailers Stranger Things finale trailer prepares us for one last fight with the forces of evil Posted 11 hours ago The Stranger Things series finale is about to premiere on Netflix, and a trailer for the last episode has dropped online Movie Trailers The second Avengers: Doomsday teaser has arrived by the strength of Odin Posted 11 hours ago Steve Rogers was announced to return with the first teaser. Now, Thor adds to the emotional weight by praying to his father for strength. JoBlo Originals The 10 Best Horror Movies of 2025! Posted 11 hours ago 2025 was a solid year for horror, but what were the best movies? Here’s our list of the best horror movies of the year! JoBlo Originals The 20 Best Television Series of 2025 Posted 11 hours ago We count down the best series of 2025 including the top streaming, cable, and network shows, sequels, and limited events. See if your favorite show made the list! Movie News What’s coming up in Warner Bros’ 4K Blu-ray release slate? Posted 11 hours ago While Warner Bros. goes through its very public and very scary transitional period, the studio will be releasing some physical media of note. Interviews See More Interviews Interview: Park Chan-wook and Lee Byung-hun Talk No Other Choice Posted 1 day ago We talk with both Park Chan-wook and Lee Byung-hun about their latest, the excellent dark comedy, No Other Choice. Interviews Interview: Amanda Seyfried, Lewis Pullman, and More Talk The Testament of Ann Lee Posted 6 days ago We talk with Amanda Seyfriend, Mona Fastvolt, Lewis Pullman, and Thomasin McKenzie about The Testament of Ann Lee Interviews Kevin Smith on Dogma’s Long Road to 4K, Lost Stories & the Mallrats Sequel Update Posted 1 week ago Kevin Smith breaks down Dogma’s 4K return, shares George Carlin and Alan Rickman stories, and gives updates on Mallrats 2. Interviews Fallout Season 2 Red Carpet: New Vegas, Walton Goggins & One Wild Wasteland Night Posted 2 weeks ago We got to attend the fantastic red carpet premiere of Fallout Season 2 in Los Angeles. Latest News Movie News Anaconda director shot last-minute cameo just weeks before the film premiered Posted 1 day ago Anaconda director Tom Gormican reveals how that last-minute cameo came about, which he shot just weeks before the movie opened. TV News All 11 seasons of The X-Files be will streaming for free in the new year Posted 1 day ago The truth will be out there on New Year’s Day, as all eleven seasons of The X-Files will be streaming for free on Pluto TV. TV News The Last of Us season 3 will recast Danny Ramirez’s Manny Posted 1 day ago Don’t look for Danny Ramirez in The Last of Us season 3, because the actor has needed to step away due to scheduling conflicts. Movie News Ryan Coogler on the original plan for Chadwick Boseman in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Posted 1 day ago Chadwick Boseman was supposed to star in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but Ryan Coogler had to rewrite the script after Boseman’s death. Horror Movie News Janet Leigh wouldn’t let Jamie Lee Curtis audition for The Exorcist Posted 1 day ago Janet Leigh wouldn’t let her daughter, Jamie Lee Curtis, audition for the role of Regan in the 1973 hit The Exorcist Load More Articles Movies Horror TV Reviews Trailers Originals Retro Physical Media Privacy Follow Us © 1998 - present JoBlo Media Inc., All Rights Reserved | JoBlo® is a trademark of JoBlo Media Inc. JoBlo Media is a wholly owned subsidiary of Janvik Holdings Inc which also includes the JoBlo YouTube Network All movie titles, pictures, etc... are registered trademarks and/or copyrights of their respective holders Some images sourced from TMDB Advertising on Our Website If you are interested in purchasing video or display ads on our site, we offer advertising services through our ad partner, Freestar.io . To get started, reach out to [email protected] . Privacy Manager