JobNimbus - Top Roofing Software for Contractors 🏔 Peak Performance 2025 is here. Get the report → (855) 964-6287 Sign In Webflow Homepage Features Payments Collect fast, secure payments with ease. Measurements Order precise roof measurements for any job. Mobile Manage jobs, photos, teams and more from anywhere. Insights Visualize trends and stats with custom reports. Financing Offer simple financing options to close more jobs. Invoicing Quickly create, send, and track accurate invoices. Profit Tracker See real-time job profits and cost breakdowns. AssistAI Never miss a phone call again—ever. Integrations Connect JobNimbus with your favorite tools. Estimates Create fast, accurate estimates every time. See all features Solutions Sales Empower your sales team with one-click estimates, professional proposals, and more. Communications Get 5-stars for communication with integrated text messaging, email, and Caller ID. Production Order materials direct from your suppliers and manage production from start to finish. Billing Collect payments via text message and apply for financing, all while syncing with QuickBooks. Marketing Bring in more leads with services including local SEO, website, and paid ads optimized for you. Pro Services Get focused help to set up your account, identify key areas for growth, and train your team. Who we serve Roofing The #1 all-in-one platform for roofing contractors (4.8 stars with over 4000 reviews and counting). Siding A complete business in a box for siding contractors, we have everything your team needs. Gutters There's no better way to run your gutter business than an all-in-one platform built for your team. Fencing From start to finish, JobNimbus gives fence contractors everything they need to grow their business. Toolbox Blog Your guide to the contractor's galaxy. Find helpful tips, best practices, and more. Events We're going places and talking about cool things. Come with us. Free Resources Estimate templates, roofing contracts, and other free tools to help contractors of all levels. Peak Performance Roofing industry benchmarks for success. The definitive guide to knowing how you measure up. Product Support Our support team is the best in the business and will help you with all your JobNimbus questions. See all Toolbox Pricing (855) 964-6287 Start a trial Sign in For the best mobile experience, use our 4.8-star app or continue to web app 4.8 from 5000+ reviews on (855) 964-6287 Start a trial 4.8 from 5000+ reviews on Roofing software that keeps every job on track. The all-in-one app for roofers. More jobs. Less work. More profit. JobNimbus has you covered as the best-in-class CRM for contractors, and is trusted by over 6,000 roofing business heroes—just like you. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. You’ve just found your supersuit. 8 Hours Saved per person, per week. 43% Average increase in revenue. 25% More payments collected. CASE STUDIES Join thousands of successful roofing contractors. Xperience Roofing “JobNimbus just makes us more efficient as a company... making sure that customers are satisfied.” Watch Video Northland Fence “JobNimbus has enabled us to scale more efficiently and save a lot of time and money.” Watch Video Ninja Roofs “JobNimbus is the way to go, I’ve been using it for 12 years now, not looking back.” Watch Video Leak Busters Roofing “JobNimbus took us from $1M to $15M.” Watch Video Your new, supercharged workflow. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 1 Organize Leads Every contact is an opportunity in the making. Keep them all sorted and accessible at a glance no matter where you’re at. 2 Optimize Sales At every point in the funnel, get the right message to the right prospect at the right time. JobNimbus makes it incredibly easy. 3 Manage Projects Keep all your job information organized in one easily accessible space. Boards give you a bird’s-eye view so you can increase efficiency. 4 Streamline Billing Stop chasing invoices and get paid with JobNimbus Payments, with built-in financing options. Automate billing to get paid faster! So, what can it do? scheduling sales automation annotated photos custom workflows automated texting invoicing change your life financing notes and tasks data reporting scheduling work orders caller ID and so much more... What sets JobNimbus apart? Customize Use it out-of-the-box or dial it to exactly match your process. No contractor tool is more customizable, helping you reduce training time. Go mobile Whether you’re using our highly reviewed iOS & Android apps or our web app—at the office or in the field—you’ve got what you need. Stay connected Text, call, email—it all works right from the app so you can keep in touch with the customers who need it most. Start a trial PROPOSALS Quotes that crush the competition. Give your customers a polished sales experience that leaves a lasting impression with SumoQuote built right in. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. INTEGRATIONS Jump in with the tools you already use. Quickbooks Online Beacon PRO+ CompanyCam EagleView SumoQuote Sunlight Financial FEATURED INTEGRATION Quickbooks Online Sync your contacts, jobs, products & services, estimates, invoices, and payments with your QuickBooks account. Compatible with QuickBooks Desktop, Online, & Server. FEATURED INTEGRATION QXO.com Build estimates using QXO materials and up-to-the-minute pricing. Eliminate double-entry by sending your material orders to QXO.com with just one click. FEATURED INTEGRATION CompanyCam Make your projects more visual by easily taking pictures, annotating and share them, and keep them organized by date and location. FEATURED INTEGRATION EagleView Order accurate aerial measurements for the roofs you’re working on right from JobNimbus and get them attached to the job folder once they’re ready. Save time and reduce risk of injury. FEATURED INTEGRATION SumoQuote Now part of the JobNimbus family. Build custom quotes that impress clients and win more work. With SumoQuote, your quotes instantly become winning sales presentation tools. Quotes are beautiful, well thought out, and professional. FEATURED INTEGRATION Sunlight Financial Apply for customer financing right from your job inside JobNimbus. Get instant rate quotes and provide different financing options to your customers. Suit up—it's hero time. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Email 14-day trial—no credit card required. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Industries Roofing Gutters Siding Fencing Product Features Sales Marketing Payments Insights Billing ABC Supply Integration Integrations Updates Demo Resources Blog Events – Solution Summit Free Tools Support Status Company About Us Customer Stories Press Careers Contact Referral Program → © 2025 JobNimbus Privacy Policy Terms of Service