Warehouse Jobs | Jobs at Amazon Interested in applying? Start earning a competitive pay and choose from  a variety of shifts to suit your life. We offer part-time, full-time and seasonal jobs. See all jobs Job opportunities for you Amazon provides some of the most advanced workplaces of their kind in the world. Offering competitive pay, flexible working schedules (full-time, part-time or seasonal) and a comprehensive benefits package. All alongside processes and systems to ensure the wellbeing and safety of all employees. Warehouse Jobs Join the Amazon warehouse team that prepares and fulfils customer orders. Interested to find out more about the Warehouse roles at Amazon? Read more about Warehouse roles ➜ Customer Service Associate Jobs Join the team that prevents issues and solves problems for our customers. Interested to find out more about the Customer Service Associate roles at Amazon? Read more about Customer Service roles ➜ Find your next job Reasons you will love working at Amazon Competitive pay The base pay for new Amazon Associates starts at £14.05 per hour. You can rapidly earn more with overtime and night shift allowance. Plus, the longer you stay with us, the more your base pay increases. Employee Benefits Amazon offers a range of great benefits that support employees and eligible family members. Your benefits as an employee begin on day one and include paid time off, private medical and life insurances, parental leave, company pension plan, Amazon discount, free hot drinks, snacks, and more. Work-life balance We recognise that all our employees have different schedules and responsibilities. That is why we strive to offer multiple types of contracts and working hours that allow you to organise work around your life. In addition, we offer paid time off and other resources to improve your well-being. Growth opportunities We support your employee experience and professional growth with paid on-the-job training, cross-training opportunities to help you gain further qualifications, along with access to Career Choice and apprenticeship programs. Learn more about Amazon benefits Please note that benefits can vary by role, location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status. See your future working environment Ever wondered how products in your online shopping cart get from Amazon to you? Take a free tour of a fulfilment centre to find out! Learn more about Amazon tours Read more about Amazon Amazon recognised as a Top Employer in the UK for 2024 Amazon has been named as a Top Employer 2024 in the UK by the Top Employer Institute, one of the world’s most prestigious certifications in the field of human resources management. Read more... Amazon and Barnardo’s launch ground-breaking programme Amazon and Barnardo’s have unveiled a partnership to support 500 young people by 2025. The partnership will give young people leaving care the opportunity to sign up to a bespoke programme aimed at tackling barriers to work. Read more... Amazon has ranked in second place on LinkedIn’s list of Top Companies in the UK Amazon shared news of another pay rise for its UK operations employees, explaining: “We regularly review our pay to ensure we offer competitive wages, and we’re pleased to be announcing another increase for our UK operations teams..." Read more... New charity initiative launches to help more than 50,000 families in need in Greater Manchester The ‘Brick-by-Brick’ project with support from Amazon, Mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham, and Wigan charity The Brick will donate essential goods to more than 50,000 families in the region this year. Read more...