SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors | Talent Acquisition Software Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content Contact Us Contact us Home All products Human capital management SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors / All products / Human capital management SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors Overview SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors Simplify global hiring with an intelligent, end-to-end talent acquisition solution that supports any hiring need. Request a demo Watch an overview video What is SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors? SmartRecruiters for SAP SuccessFactors is an AI-first solution that helps you attract, hire, and onboard the right talent with AI, skills, and insights at the center of your talent strategy. Enlarge Acquire the skills your organization needs for the future by sourcing, engaging, and hiring the world’s best talent. Deliver elevated hiring experiences that attract and retain top talent. Use AI to reduce admin tasks and streamline recruiting workflows. Align hiring workflows with business processes to drive strategic outcomes. Scale to meet any hiring need—corporate, high-volume, or anything in between. SAP Connect Virtual Discover how SAP HR solutions help you build a workforce ready for what’s next. Watch the replays Key benefits Hire smarter with built-in AI Accelerate hiring with AI-driven workflows that surface top talent and reduce time-to-hire. Deliver standout experiences Engage candidates and empower recruiters with personalized, consistent hiring journeys. Make intelligent hiring decisions Use AI-driven insights to hire faster and smarter at every step, from talent sourcing to selection. Align hiring to business goals Connect recruiting with workforce planning and talent management to ensure every hire drives strategic impact. Features Smarter talent discovery Use AI, automation, and sourcing analytics to attract top talent through optimized job postings, targeted pools, and intelligent ad distribution. Personalized candidate engagement Deliver AI-powered experiences through dynamic career sites, automated messaging, and easy applications that highlight your brand and streamline hiring across every stage. Intelligent candidate relationship management Build and nurture long-term candidate relationships through targeted campaigns, real-time engagement, and performance analytics powered by CRM capabilities. Connected applicant tracking Streamline hiring with AI-driven matching, automated screening, interview scheduling, and digital offer management to accelerate decisions and support workforce planning. View all features See how customers are succeeding with SAP Transforming recruiting across borders Drugstore chain dm used SAP SuccessFactors solutions to digitalize recruiting and centralize the management of employee data. Read the story Teaming up for success on and off the pitch FC Bayern not only transitioned its HR processes to the cloud, but also continues to optimize critical HR functions. Read the story View all customer stories See what analysts are saying about SAP Skills-based talent management: 3 key takeaways Explore how SAP SuccessFactors solutions can help make skills a reality in your organization. Read the report SAP named a Leader in worldwide talent acquisition IDC MarketScape 2025 Vendor Assessment helps organizations choose the right partners based on AI-driven matching and evolving hiring strategies. Read the excerpt Frequently asked questions What is an applicant tracking system (ATS)? An ATS is a software application for human resources that helps organizations manage recruitment and hiring tasks digitally. It supports common tasks such as creating job descriptions, posting jobs to career sites and job boards, résumé scanning, scheduling interviews, gathering feedback, performing background checks, and generating offer letters with electronic signatures. What is talent acquisition? Talent acquisition is a strategic, long-term approach to attracting, recruiting, and hiring individuals to meet an organization's current and future workforce needs. What is the difference between talent acquisition and recruitment? Recruitment focuses on filling a specific vacancy. It’s typically an immediate response that focuses on finding the right person for an open role—an individual who meets the job requirements and fits within the team. Talent acquisition is a broader approach to hiring. It considers long-term workforce goals and development and involves identifying and attracting people whose skills not only meet current needs, but could also support future growth. Quick links Speak Out at SAP SAP Trust Center Find a solution Industries Find a partner Trials and demos Find services Trending SAP TechEd SAP Business Suite SAP Business Data Cloud SAP Business AI Sustainability Partner ecosystem About SAP Company information Worldwide directory Investor Relations Careers News and press Events Customer stories Newsletter Site information Privacy Terms of use Legal disclosure Copyright Trademark Cookie statement Do not share/sell my personal information © 2025 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.