Jockey India Official Site: Clothing Mankind Since 1876 Skip to content Cart 0 0 items Log in Men Women Kids Accessories Blogs Just a moment - we’re syncing your bag across platforms Reduced prices effective across website as per Government of India’s GST reform from 22nd September 2025 . T&C Apply. Please be careful with fraudulent calls and SMSes! Jockey will never call, message, or ask for payments/refunds via UPI or links. Please ignore any such fraudulent calls or messages. Read More Reduced prices effective across website as per Government of India’s GST reform from 22nd September 2025 . T&C Apply. Please be careful with fraudulent calls and SMSes! Jockey will never call, message, or ask for payments/refunds via UPI or links. Please ignore any such fraudulent calls or messages. Read More men women juniors accessories On-Trend Picks Explore Our Promising Line-up On-Trend Picks Explore Our Promising Line-up The Product is in your bag. Maximum Order Value Exceeded!. Almost there... We’re securely redirecting you to the checkout page. Smartbuy Offer Applying... Items in my bag Fill the bag with your favorite Jockey styles Continue shopping Have an account? LogIn Items in my bag Loading... Order Details Subtotal ₹0.00 Paid by GC/GV Total Tax included and shipping calculated at checkout Do you really want to remove these items? Are you sure you want to move items to wishlist? You have some unique & special selections in your bag. You are just a step away from making it yours MOVE TO WISHLIST REMOVE Do you really want to remove these items? Are you sure you want to move items to wishlist? You have some unique & special selections in your bag. You are just a step away from making it yours MOVE TO WISHLIST REMOVE Colours (1 Colour) Choose Size Please Select a Size View Product Added Update Bag Added Add to Bag Added Sold Out Pincode Not Servicable Jockey India - Clothing Mankind Since 1876 Founded in 1876, Jockey pioneered innerwear, evolving and innovating not only the product, but also the way it has been marketed over the years. Jockey is a leading manufacturer and marketer of comfort apparel sold in more than 140 countries around the world. The company is committed to quality, comfort, fashion, innovation and value. As Jockey grows and sophistication, the simple commitment to serve its consumer’s need for comfort continues to be the brand’s hallmark. Jockey.in - India’s Official Online Store for Jockey Products Jockey was set up under Page Industries Ltd. in 1994 with the key objective of bringing the world-renowned brand Jockey to India. Jockey manufactures, distributes and markets products for the whole family – Men, Women and Kids. Page Industries Limited Page Industries Limited, located in Bangalore, India is the exclusive licensee of Jockey International Inc. (USA) for manufacture, distribution and marketing of the Jockey brand in India, Sri Lanka, Oman, Bangladesh, Nepal and UAE. Page Industries Ltd. became public limited in March 2007 and is listed on the BSE and the NSE of India. The promoters of Jockey in India are the Genomal family, who have been associated with Jockey International Inc. for over 65 years as their sole licensee in Philippines. Know More Popular Searches Men Underwear for Men Briefs Trunks For Men Vests Sleeveless Vests for Men Gym Vests for Men Tops for Men Tank tops for Men T-Shirts for Men Henley T-Shirts for Men Sweatshirts for Men Bottomwear for Men Boxer Shorts Shorts for Men Bermudas for Men Joggers for Men Track Pants for Men Pyjamas for Men Pants for Men Boxer Briefs Women Bras Daily Wear Bra T-shirt Bra Sports Bra Strapless Bra Sleep Bra Nursing Bra Plus size Bra Lounge Bra Slip on Bra Underwire Bra Non Wired Bra Padded Bra Non Padded Bra Panties Hipster Panties Bikini Panties Shorties Full Briefs Boyleg underwear Innerwear for Women Crop Tops Camisoles Kurta Slips Kurti Slips Tops for Women Tank Tops for Women T-Shirts for Women Polos for Women Sweatshirts for Women Tops for Teens Beginners Bras Bottomwear for Women Shorts for Women Capris for Women Track Pants for Women Leggings for Women Pyjamas for Women Underwear for Girls Shape wear Thermal for Women Bra Size Calculator Juniors Underwear for Boys Briefs for Boys T-Shirts for Boys Jackets for Boys Sweatshirt for Boys Shorts for Boys Panties for Girls Bloomers for Girls Tops for Girls Tank Top for Girls Jackets for Girls Sweatshirts for Girls Shorts for Girls Capris for Girls Pyjamas for Girls Accessories Socks for Men Thermals for Men Towels Face Towels Hand Towels Bath Towels Caps for Men Handkerchiefs Socks for Women Kids Socks About Investor Relationship Sitemap Blogs Account Track Order Terms of Use Caution Notice Policy Privacy Policy Gift Card Policy Return Policy Help FAQs Get in Touch Grievance Redressal Store Locator Franchise Corporate Gifting Be the first to know Sign up to stay updated on new products, brand stories and events. Subscribe Download the App From About Account Policy Help Investor Relationship Sitemap Blogs Track Order Terms of Use Caution Notice Privacy Policy Gift Card Policy Return Policy FAQs Get in Touch Grievance Redressal Page Industries Limited, Cessna Business Park, Umiya Business Bay-Tower-1, 7th Floor, Kadubeesanahalli, Varthur Hobli, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, 560103 wecare@jockeyindia.com 1800-572-1299 (Toll Free) / 1860-425-3333 (Monday to Sunday, IST 10:00 AM to 7:00 PM) Page Industries Limited, Cessna Business Park, Umiya Business Bay-Tower-1, 7th Floor, Kadubeesanahalli, Varthur Hobli, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, 560103 wecare@jockeyindia.com 1800-572-1299 (Toll Free) / 1860-425-3333 (Monday to Sunday, IST 10:00 AM to 7:00 PM) Facebook Instagram Twitter Snapchat Store Locator Franchise Corporate Gifting Download the App From © 2013-2025 Jockey India all rights reserved. Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window. The World of Jockey awaits you Get comfortable with jockey IN (+91) Send OTP via SMS Send OTP via Whatsapp Instead Opt-in for Promotional Marketing Updates on WhatsApp, SMS, Email By proceeding, you agree to Jockey India’s Privacy Policy , Terms of Use and Important Transactional Updates on WhatsApp, Sms, Email The World of Jockey awaits you Let's verify your phone number Please enter the OTP that we have shared with you over SMS on +91 Resend OTP in 30 s OTP Already Generated Please Enter Valid OTP Resend OTP via SMS Whatsapp Verify OTP By proceeding, you agree to Jockey India’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The World of Jockey awaits you Please enter your details to register Sign Up By proceeding, you agree to Jockey India’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The World of Jockey awaits you Please enter your email to update Submit By proceeding, you agree to Jockey India’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Gift Card Gift Voucher Gift Card Current Card Balance ₹ ⓘ Terms of Gift Card & Gift Voucher Gift Voucher Apply 1 Gift Card Add Gift Card Apply ⓘ All Valid Gift Cards will be added to the Cart Open Modal Gift Voucher Add Gift Voucher Apply ⓘ All Valid Gift Vouchers will be added to the Cart Open Modal Something went wrong please try again later ⓘ Kindly remove these Gift Card(s)/Voucher(s) to proceed Add to Bag