We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to change your settings if you do not want cookies to be placed on your device, please read our Privacy and Cookie Statement and/or click on the cookie icon found on the bottom right of this webpage to select your cookie preferences. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to change your settings if you do not want cookies to be placed on your device, please read our Privacy and Cookie Statement and/or click on the cookie icon found on the bottom right of this webpage to select your cookie preferences. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Asia-Pacific
English
Contact Us
Find Accredited Organizations
Careers
Login
Cart
Accreditation
Certification
Products & Services
Standards
Knowledge Library
About Us
JCI Continuous Engagement
JCI Continuous Engagement is an innovative model for Accreditation and Continuous Performance Improvement for hospitals and AMCs. This new approach addresses healthcare providers’ requests for a more efficient, effective, and collaborative experience. While organizations will continue to prepare using the JCI 8th edition standards, the accreditation survey will be streamlined and more focused, with surveyors spending more time with front-line staff.
Learn more
Previous Arrow
Next Arrow
ELEVATING CARE. TOGETHER.
Your Partner in Quality and Safety

Our mission is to enable and affirm the highest standards of healthcare quality and patient safety for all.

We do this by evaluating healthcare organizations and inspiring them to excel in providing safe and effective care of the highest quality and value. We are trusted by over 24,000 organizations globally to uphold standards that improve patient outcomes. Through continual engagement for continuous improvement, we provide innovative solutions and resources to build resilient healthcare organizations around the world.

Shaping the Future of Resilient Healthcare

We define and advance standards that help healthcare organizations deliver safe, consistent care and build long-term preparedness in an ever-changing healthcare landscape.

Trusted Guidance, Practical Expertise

We champion best practices and the right standards and measures to drive continuous improvements in patient safety and address risks across workplaces, workforces, patients, and caregivers.

Driving Change Through Collaboration

We bring together patients, providers, payers, and policymakers to share insights and data—advancing care quality and safety through collective expertise and global collaboration.

The Unparalleled Global Expert

For healthcare organizations seeking an empowering partner to help them meet the most rigorous standards, Joint Commission International® (JCI) brings unmatched expertise and a commitment to advancing patient and caregiver safety across the entire continuum of care.

0
years of experience advancing healthcare quality for all
0
+
countries served by the Joint Commission enterprise
Supporting Safer, Smarter Care
We work with thousands of healthcare providers, giving us unmatched insights and expertise into the delivery of care. By sharing our knowledge, we aim to assist healthcare organizations like yours to elevate quality of care and patient safety.
Accreditation
Joint Commission International accreditation is the objective evaluation process of organizational compliance to performance standards designed to inspire and improve quality and safety for those they serve.
Accreditation
Patient Safety Pathways

The Patient Safety Pathways initiative focuses on the needs of HCOs starting their journey towards eliminating avoidable patient harm by creating pathways for incremental improvements and transformative changes.

Patient Safety Pathways
Consulting

We bring the most experienced and skilled professionals in the industry to your doorstep. Whether you need help preparing for your accreditation survey, meeting the demands of ever-changing regulations, or keeping your focus on continuous improvement, we’re here to help.

Consulting
Certification

Certification standardizes disease-specific programs to reduce variation, improve care, and manage risk. Joint Commission International offers certifications for different modalities, including stroke, cardiac, healthcare sustainability, orthopedic, telehealth and rehabilitation, based on evidence-based standards.

Certification
The JCI Advantage

JCI is the recognized global leader with decades of expertise in the health care industry with a focus on helping organizations achieve highly reliable delivery of care and patient safety. We offer expert resources and tools to enable those we serve from health systems to frontline staff.

Why choose us
In hindsight, it is believed that JCI accreditation is one of the best team-building exercises — the teamwork and unity that was required during the accreditation process was excellent training for all staff and has greatly enhanced overall coordination and communication skills and processes across all departments at the hospital. The JCI accreditation process is very comprehensive and provided the hospital with many learning opportunities.
President and CEO, Hong Kong Adventist Hospitals–Stubbs Road and Tsuen Wan
Alex Lan
Previous Arrow
Next Arrow
In hindsight, it is believed that JCI accreditation is one of the best team-building exercises — the teamwork and unity that was required during the accreditation process was excellent training for all staff and has greatly enhanced overall coordination and communication skills and processes across all departments at the hospital. The JCI accreditation process is very comprehensive and provided the hospital with many learning opportunities.
President and CEO, Hong Kong Adventist Hospitals–Stubbs Road and Tsuen Wan
Alex Lan
Previous Arrow
Next Arrow
1
2
3
4
For the Benefit of All

As the world encounters new health crises, health care organizations must be poised to respond with consistent practices deployed by a well-trained workforce. In the face of accelerating change, achieving and maintaining the highest quality and safety standards remain top priorities.

For more than 20 years, Joint Commission International has been a global driver of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare. We believe that all people should always expect the safest and highest quality of care.

Video: The JCI Community
News and Announcements 

Stay up-to-date with all the latest Joint Commission International news, blog posts, webinars, and communications.

Join the JCI community by opting-in to receive our monthly newsletter, information on upcoming events and special promotions.

Become a JCI Insider
Introducing JCI Continuous Engagement

An innovative model for accreditation and continuous improvement for Hospitals and Academic Medica Centers (AMCs).

See the improvements
JCI Launches Patient Safety Pathways
Empower your organization with practical pathways to elevate quality and patient safety.
Discover practical pathways to recognition
NUH becomes 1st Hospital to Receive the Healthcare Sustainability Certification from JCI and GSC
National University Hospital (NUH) in Singapore is the first hospital globally to receive the Healthcare Sustainability Certification from Joint Commission International (JCI) in collaboration with the International Hospital Federation's Geneva Sustainability Centre (GSC).
Learn about this certification
JCI Accreditation Standards for Hospitals, 8th Edition
National University Hospital (NUH) in Singapore is the first hospital globally to receive the Healthcare Sustainability Certification from Joint Commission International (JCI) in collaboration with the International Hospital Federation's Geneva Sustainability Centre (GSC).
Order your copy

Become part of the JCI community and stay informed with the latest news, upcoming events, and exclusive insights—delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
Resources
JCI Direct Connect
eProducts Portal Login
Periodicals Login
Learning Management System (LMS)
About Us
JCInsight Newsletter
Key Initiatives
Why Choose Us
Find JCI-accredited organizations
Need Help?
Order Status & Fulfillment
Report a patient safety event
Products and Services FAQs
Submit a Standards Interpretation Question
Follow Us

© 2025

Joint Commission International. All rights reserved. 

Joint Commission International is a registered trademark of Joint Commission enterprise.

* The use of Joint Commission International (JCI) advisory services is not necessary to obtain a Joint Commission International accreditation award, nor does it influence the granting of such awards.

Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookie Statement
Policies