Car insurance for good drivers | Root® Insurance This site works best with JavaScript enabled. Root Insurance logo Coverage Claims Test Drive Availability Careers Agents Sign in Get a quote Arrow icon pointing right Car insurance made simple See how easy finding the right auto insurance coverage can be. Check our prices Root in the press Over 65,000 reviews and counting 4.7 stars in the Apple App Store Safe driving. Great insurance! I Switched from Geico, paid 6 months upfront and went from $1,100/6 months to $743/6 months. Connor S. It’s so helpful for a single mom with a perfect driving record to not have to worry about my insurance bill going up every other month. Thank you. Lulu R. I am sooo happy to be saving about $1000 a year for my auto insurance. Root is an insurance that makes sense when it comes to how they price. Thanks Root! Jason C. 4.7 out of 5 based on 66.7K ratings for the Root app in the App Store as of January 2024. Better drivers deserve better rates Drive with the Root app. While you drive, we gather and analyze data from your smartphone’s sensors. After a few weeks, you can get a car insurance quote based on how you drive. Learn more Everything you get Car insurance with all the perks. Rates primarily based on your actual driving The Root app uses mobile technology to measure your driving habits. Just drive like you normally would, and the app does the rest. Our best drivers save up to $900/year Start saving with a rate based primarily on how you drive. The better you drive, the more you could save. Easily manage your policy in the app Get a quote online, then manage your policy conveniently in the app. Earn a referral gift Help us grow our community of good drivers. Even better, when one of your friends takes the test drive and gets a quote, you both earn a reward offer.* Roadside Assistance If you need a tow truck, jump start, or if you lock your keys in the car, we'll cover the help you need to get back on the road when you opt into Roadside Assistance. File a claim in 3 minutes Go to the app, take some pictures, and then leave it up to our team of dedicated adjusters. See where Root is available Select your state to learn about the coverages available where you live. AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA DC WV WI WY Available Unavailable Select your state Select your state Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Washington, DC Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Car insurance for good drivers Savings made simple. Get the app Download the app and follow our easy prompts to get started. Drive for a few weeks Show off your safe driving and check your progress in the app. Save based on your driving After a few weeks, we'll give you a quote based primarily on your safe driving. Get started *Visit the referral page for more information. Root Insurance logo Car insurance FAQ Car insurance coverage Renters insurance Claims Test drive Referrals Agents Contact Investor relations Mobile app Auto insurance by state Customer reviews Car insurance comparison How to manage your policy Car insurance quote Car insurance discounts Company Careers Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Press Blog Terms and conditions Consumer Privacy Notice Telematics Privacy policy App license agreement Weather related events Non-weather emergencies Sitemap Do not sell or share my personal information Manage Cookies Root Inc. 80 E. Rich Street Suite 500 Columbus, OH 43215 Copyright ROOT 2025 . ROOT is a registered servicemark of Root Insurance Company, Columbus, OH. Disclaimer for quotes: We reserve the right to refuse to quote any individual a premium rate for the insurance advertised herein. Disclaimer for coverage: Coverage is available in the event of a covered loss. Exclusions may apply. Not available in all states. Disclaimer for savings: Based on savings reported by actual customers who purchased a new Root policy between October 2019 - July 2020; changes in coverage levels not evaluated. For Maryland residents: Telematics is not used and resulting represented savings are not applicable. For California residents: Telematics is not used and resulting represented savings are not applicable. Referral program not applicable. Roadside Assistance purchased as separate coverage. Visit joinroot.com/califaq for more information. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.