Free recruiting software & applicant tracking system | JOIN Home Features Back Source & Attract Job ad builder Multiposting Career page and job widget Sourcing extension Screen & Interview Assessments Hiring scorecards Applicant screening Interview scheduling Manage & Track Candidate communication Talent pool Integrations & Job boards Job boards Integration See all features Applicant tracking system Post job ads for free How it works Pricing Company Resources Back Resources Blog Success stories Help center Glossary Job descriptions Interview questions Recommended blog Hire talent, Organisational processes The benefits of collaborative hiring: How team-based hiring improves results Find candidates, Hire talent, Organisational processes Team fit in hiring: Ensure a candidate is the right fit for your team Hire talent, News & insights, Organisational processes SMB hiring trends 2025: Why job ads are becoming the new marketing strategy Featured The benefits of collaborative hiring: How team-based hiring improves results Learn more → en English Deutsch Français Español Go to Dashboard Sign In Log out Get started for free Recruiting software that helps you hire faster. For free. Attract, screen, and manage the best candidates to grow your team — one great hire at a time. Get started for free 4.6 rating on Capterra 4.4 rating on G2 4.6 rating on GetApp Trusted by over 100,000 companies worldwide The better solution to attract, screen, and manage talent in one tool Discover your perfect hire 4x faster Companies received more than 30M applications Streamline your process with just 1 hiring tool Post your job ad to hundreds of job boards. With a single click. Spend less time publishing job ads and more time hiring great people. Post job ad How multiposting works Attract and convert the right applicants faster Source and attract the best-matching talent and grab their attention easily. We give you all the tools for hiring success. Craft effective job ads in minutes Enjoy AI-assisted job ad creation that helps you build compelling job ads faster. Convert applicants with your custom career page Have your personalised career page up in minutes. Enrich with videos or images to make your employer brand shine — and great talent apply. Select the right talent with custom application forms Create candidate-friendly forms that allow you to filter candidates faster while offering a smooth application process. Source talent while browsing the web Extend your browser and accelerate your sourcing by matching talent information directly with your open job ads. Collaborative hiring that works Add your team to each job opening and create a smooth hiring experience for you and your colleagues. I think he is a great candidate. I’ll fill out my scorecard today! Charlotte, Hiring Manager Charlotte Awesome, thanks! Lisa, Recruiter Lisa Screen candidates fast and fair with your team Take the guesswork out of choosing the right hire by evaluating candidates efficiently, fairly, and collaboratively with your team. Structure your interviews with custom scorecards Identify the best talent easily by assessing candidates based on the skills that matter to you. Collaborate on scorecards to find new colleagues. Take the back-and-forth out of interview scheduling No more endless email threads. Streamline your interview scheduling to reduce time-to-interview and connect with talent faster. Involve the right team members for each role Set up roles and permissions for your colleagues and start hiring together. Evaluate skills with custom tests and assessments Create your own or make use of over 1,000 scientifically validated test templates. Easily manage and monitor applicants Better track and organise candidate management with time-saving automations and our smart applicant tracking system. Build and expand your talent pool Never lose sight of qualified candidates. Gather and keep track of great talent to match with future jobs. Centralised communication with candidates and your team Only spend time on the communication that matters, while setting up automatic email replies based on application status. Customise your hiring pipelines to meet your business needs Get the flexibility to optimise the recruitment process tailored to each hiring scenario. Integrate smoothly with your HR tools Reduce switching between tools and messy manual data transferring. Seamlessly connect with your other recruitment software and HR tools. See what people think of us Loved by recruiters and hiring managers “JOIN makes recruiting much easier, since you don’t have to handle multiple tools and platforms at once, everything is centralised” Stephanie Egger HR, Recruiting & People Management “Whenever I post via JOIN, I know I’ll get the result and hire somebody, and the return on investment is absolutely worth it.” Conrad Geske General Manager “The fact that JOIN publishes job ads to different platforms helped us a lot to get interesting candidates, to speak with them, and to build this team we have now. We look forward to keeping it going like this, as recruiting is a key part of our business.” Nils Feigenwinter Co-Founder & CEO “Before JOIN, our recruitment was not very well-structured and an extremely long process. JOIN is helping us to be more concrete and structured in our Talent Attraction process” Simona Marano HR Officer Read more success stories Start hiring faster. For free. Get started for free Rating 4.6 Rating 4.4 Rating 4.6 Recruiting software that helps you hire faster. Product Job ad builder Multiposting Sourcing extension Talent pool Applicant screening Assessments Candidate communication Career page & job widget Hiring scorecards Interview scheduling Integrations Job boards API Company About us Careers Partnership Resources Blog Help center Glossary Success stories Job descriptions Interview questions Newsletter subscription Quick links Post jobs for free Applicant tracking system Best free job boards How to source candidates Best german job boards Best paid job boards XING vs. Stepstone Legal Imprint Terms of use for agents for candidates Terms of use for companies Terms of use for recruiters Terms of use for agents Ad quality guideline Privacy policy DPA © 2025 - JOIN Solutions AG. All rights reserved. I'm a candidate