All-in-one Employee Scheduling, Time Clocks, Payroll, & More | Homebase OFFER 6 Months Free: Payroll & Plus Plan 6 Months Free: Payroll & Plus Plan Learn more Products AI Assistants Scheduling Time clock Timesheets Payroll Hiring & onboarding Team communications Employee happiness HR & compliance Integrations Mobile app Customers Food & beverage Home & repair Retail Services Beauty & wellness Hospitality & leisure Medical & veterinary Education & caregiving Pricing Company About us Careers Press Contact sales Partner Resources Blog Support Customer stories Glossary Data Small business tools Reviews Sign in Get started Sign in Get started Get started Search Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Easy Payroll for Small Businesses Ready to pay roll. Start 2026 fresh with Homebase payroll designed for hourly teams— schedule, track time, and pay your team in one easy app. Explore payroll Explore payroll Selformer Pilates, NY, Payroll user since 2023 Selformer Pilates, NY, Payroll user since 2023 SCHEDULE. MANAGE. PAY. ALL FROM ONE EASY APP. Put payroll, scheduling, time tracking, and HR all in one place with Homebase. Get started for free No credit card required Trusted by 150,000+ small businesses and their teams. The everything app for hourly teams. ai assistants AI Assistants that do the work for you. Save even more time with AI-powered Assistants to help you hire, schedule, onboard, and run payroll by taking the hardest, most tedious work off your plate. Learn more Time clocks Take back your time. Turn any device into a time clock and accurately track your team’s hours, breaks, and overtime. Learn more Employee Scheduling Put scheduling on auto-pilot. Save time with automated scheduling. Set your team’s availability, see every shift mapped out. Learn more Payroll Run payroll effortlessly. Go from timesheets to paychecks in a few clicks – with wages, taxes, and tips auto-calculated. Learn more Team Messaging Keep everyone in the loop. Send alerts, reminders, emojis. Stay organized with one easy-to-use team messaging platform. Learn more Managers save 5+ hours a week with Homebase. Get everything you need to manage the everyday chaos, supercharge your team, and level up your business. Get to Work Scheduling ‍ Build schedules, track availability, forecast labor, and optimize your team. Time clocks ‍ Track hours, overtime, and breaks to make payroll prep a breeze. Communication ‍ Get your team in sync with our messenger, real-time alerts, reminders, and more. Forth & Nomad team Houston, TX Pay Your team Payroll ‍ Run payroll in just a few clicks when your timesheets and payroll are in one place. Tip Manager ‍ Automatically pull tips from your POS, calculate, and  add  to timesheets. Early wage access ‍ Homebase gives your employees early access to their earnings with no cost or liability to you. Grow Your TEam Hiring ‍ Post to top job boards and manage your applicants all in one place. Onboarding ‍ Send a welcome packet for new hires to self-onboard and e-sign their forms. HR & team roster ‍ Organize all your employee information in one place. ‍ Employee Happiness Time off ‍ Manage availability, process time-off requests, and track paid-time-off polices. Employee happiness ‍ Perks and tools to help your team be happy and successful. Performance & retention ‍ Know who's late and who's on time, and keep a pulse on your team. Protect Your Business Labor cost controls ‍ Manage costs, build forecasts, and adapt quickly as demand and budgets change. HR & compliance ‍ Modern tools, certified HR advisors, and expert guides to help you stay compliant. Background checks Run reliable, affordable background checks right in Homebase. Homebase gets everyone on the same page from partners to chefs to management to staff. Christine Ha Restaurant owner The Blind Goat & Stuffed Belly Houston, TX | Homebase customer Check out their story Take control. Ready your crew. Get started for free 2,000,000+ workers conquer their workdays  with Homebase. But don’t take our word for it. 4.6 of 5 Top Performer Time Clock & Scheduling Software 2022 4.9 of 5 Top Rated Time Clock for Small Businesses 2023 4.8 of 5 Top 50 Business App Top 10 Best Employee Scheduling Software of 2023 Ratings as of October 2023 Start superpowering your hourly team. Start your team on Homebase Small Business Resources Boost your business  know-how. From labor law guides to expert tips, we’ve created comprehensive resources to support small and mighty businesses like yours. Top Local Workplace Awards Small businesses are some of the best places to work. It’s about time we recognize all they do to create an environment where teams feel valued and connected. Learn how to be a top workplace Labor law guides for every state The employment laws every business ownershould know in customized guides for all 50 US states and DC. Check the guide for your state #realtalk blog: Tips and tricks. No BS. Advice to manage your team, control labor costs, grow your business, and more. View more All the tools to put you and your team in turbo. Get everything you need to manage your hourly team—all in one place. Try Homebase for free Trusted by 150,000+ small businesses and their teams. One seamless experience, from clock-in to payday. Every shift, hour, and paycheck clicks into place—so you don’t have to solve the payroll puzzle yourself. 1. Manage schedule Build smart schedules based on availability, roles, and labor costs. Learn more 2. Track time Sync hours, breaks, and overtime from the time clock to timesheets. Learn more 3. Pay team Approve payroll and pay your team quickly—all from one easy app. Learn more Simplify and save time. Skip the spreadsheets and extra logins. Manage your hourly team in one streamlined place. Schedule Timesheets Payroll Hiring Save time with automated scheduling. Set your team’s availability and see every shift mapped out. Hours, breaks, and overtime track automatically. Everything flows from the time clock into payroll-ready timesheets. Go from timesheets to paychecks in a few clicks – with wages, taxes, and tips auto-calculated. Keep your team connected and compliant. Onboard new hires, manage roles, and send updates—all from one simple hub. 85% Rated very easy-to-use 85% of customers rate Homebase as extremely easy to use. 20 hours Saved monthly Managers save 20 hours per month on average with integrated scheduling, time tracking and payroll — all in one app. 3.5 MILLION Small business employees 3.5 million small business employees rely on Homebase, logging 1.2 billion hours worked on Homebase in the last year. Built for small businesses and hourly work. Homebase has made a big difference for many customers by improving how they schedule, track, and pay. See customer stories “We really liked that Homebase payroll was consolidated and really easy to just run it straight out of reconciling times sheets.” Keegan Fong Woon, Los Angeles “Homebase is great!  If we didn't have it, we would still be doing it the old-school way with paper notes.” Jeremy Peaches Black Farmer Box, Houston, TX “The biggest make-or-break for a team can be communication, and having a schedule that everyone can share on their phone is incredible.” Jane Wild Jane and the Lion, Houston, TX “As we grow, having Homebase is crucial. With more employees, I need everything running smoothly—especially since we pay weekly and payroll has to go out on time.” Roxana Rodriguez RDR Hats, Houston, TX “We really liked that Homebase payroll was consolidated and really easy to just run it straight out of reconciling times sheets.” Keegan Fong Woon, Los Angeles “Homebase is great!  If we didn't have it, we would still be doing it the old-school way with paper notes.” Jeremy Peaches Black Farmer Box, Houston, TX “The biggest make-or-break for a team can be communication, and having a schedule that everyone can share on their phone is incredible.” Jane Wild Jane and the Lion, Houston, TX “As we grow, having Homebase is crucial. With more employees, I need everything running smoothly—especially since we pay weekly and payroll has to go out on time.” Roxana Rodriguez RDR Hats, Houston, TX A complete toolkit to manage your team effortlessly. Every part of running your hourly team—connected and automated for a smoother workday. Scheduling ai powered Plan shifts in minutes with smart scheduling that factors in employee availability, roles, labor costs, and more. Learn more Payroll ai powered Pay your team fast and accurately with  hours, wages, and taxes calculated for you. Learn more Time clocks ai powered Plan shifts in minutes with smart scheduling that factors in employee availability, roles, labor costs, and more. Learn more Timesheets ai powered Turn clock-ins into error-free timesheets that flow straight to payroll. Learn more Team communications ai powered Chat, share updates, and keep your team in sync—right from one app. Learn more Hiring & Onboarding ai powered Post jobs, track applicants, and onboard new hires with digital forms and checklists. Learn more Trusted by 150,000+ small businesses See why teams everywhere choose Homebase to keep things running smoothly. Apple App Store Reviews 4.8 (84K) Reviews 4.8 (1,122) "Homebase Payroll was seriously a game changer... [O]ther solutions were built for big companies. Homebase is perfect for a small business like mine." Awaken Bakery "Homebase helps us run the store and manage employees efficiently. The app is loved by both employees and owners.❤️ ❤️ Thank you" Koi Cha Work smarter and faster with AI Assistants. AI Assistants save you hours every week—so you can focus on what matters most. Hiring Assistant Automate job posts, candidate screenings, and interviews. Onboarding assistant Streamline forms and get new hires set up and scheduled fast. Scheduling assistant Create optimized schedules for your team in just a few clicks. Payroll Assistant Catch errors, prevent compliance issues, run payroll smoothly. Hiring Assistant Automate job posts, candidate screenings, and interviews. Onboarding assistant Streamline forms and get new hires set up and scheduled fast. Scheduling assistant Create optimized schedules for your team in just a few clicks. Payroll Assistant Catch errors, prevent compliance issues, run payroll smoothly. Learn more about AI Assistants Top-rated app built for small business teams. Best Payroll for Hourly Teams 2024 Best in Business for Best AI Implementation 2025 Best Employee Scheduling 2025 Best HR & Employee App 2025 People who've talked about us. Lets #Realtalk. Small business tips without any BS. Product Scheduling Time clock Timesheets Payroll Hiring & onboarding HR & compliance AI Assistants Hiring Assistant Team communication Task manager Tip manager Integrations Pricing Mobile App customers Food & beverage Retail Beauty & wellness Medical & veterinary Home & repair Services Hospitality & leisure Education & caregiving Resources Blog Support Small business tools Customer Stories Glossary Data Schedule maker Time card calculator Hourly salary calculator State labor law guides Compare Company About us Careers – We're hiring! Press Contact sales Become a partner Status Security Trust center © 2025 Pioneer Works, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Accessibility