Operations Management Software for Restaurants & Business | Jolt Products Lists Labeling Sensors Time & Temp Logs Work Orders Information Library Communication Manager Employee Scheduling Time Clock Who We Serve Restaurants Grocery Stores Healthcare Retail Carwashes Entertainment Hotels Other Industries About Success Stories Customer Videos Chick-fil-A Buffalo Wild Wings Smoothie King Jersey Mike’s Dairy Queen Tao Legoland Tropical Smoothie Cafe Blog Careers Contact Supplies Support Login Get a Demo Select Page Explore how we’re working with SmartSense to bring smarter compliance and safety to your business. Visit LIVE25 Take a Tour of Jolt Jolt simplifies the way you manage your business. Explore our suite of tools, including Checklists, Temperature Sensors, Employee Scheduling, Labeling, and more—all designed to improve efficiency and compliance. See how each product works and how they fit together. Learn More Jolt is an operations management software available on multiple platforms — such as smartphones and tablets — to help businesses in food, retail, hospitality, and more to achieve team accountability, compliance with digital food safety, and enhanced employee performance. Jolt understands the needs and demands of a business and how mobile devices can effectively provide a solution for these needs. Nowadays, everyone carries a smartphone or tablet in their bags and pocket, which makes it the ideal tool for providing solutions to businesses. Jolt transforms these mobile devices into powerful tools to help manage a business efficiently. With Jolt, accountability is increased among employees and team members. Increased accountability means people in the organization do the job correctly and at the right time. Mediocrity and uninspired work will be a thing of the past. For businesses in the food sector, Jolt’s platform helps ensure compliance with food safety with its various solutions and products. Last but not least, Jolt can help organizations train and evaluate employee performance — which can be instrumental in building a more efficient team.  Jolt Lists Streamline operations with a task management tool with built in accountability features. Learn Jolt's Task Management Lists Jolt Task Management Lists allow organizations to convey team goals and deliverables to the staff and see how they respond in real-time. The task management software promotes a workplace transparency culture because the organization’s leadership can see how well the team is carrying out the directives on the ground. This operations execution software can play a massive role in building a positive culture and efficiency in execution at work. Jolt can create an organized system that the team can readily use. Every organization member tasked to perform their job is provided with the appropriate guidelines, training, and goals to help them perform at their best. The Jolt Task Management software allows for unmatched customizability, enabling businesses to maintain brand consistency across all branches. It also allows for extreme flexibility with features such as checklists that can be utilized to address concerns related to operations, and forms that typically address items such as audits and inspections. Lastly, Jolt Task Management can help promote customer confidence through the food safety checklist or other compliance-related processes. Employee accountability is high because the employee’s full name, the date, and the time, as well as the result, are tagged to each task completed in the system. Close Q  Jolt Sensors Remote temperature monitoring to protects inventory with alerts when conditions go outside desired range. Learn Jolt's Remote Temperature Sensors Business owners can enjoy a worry-free time knowing their inventory is safe and secured with Jolt’s intelligent remote temperature monitoring. Jolt’s intelligent sensors are instrumental for avoiding inventory loss and ensuring product safety. They are perfect for restaurants, clinics, convenience stores, and any other operation where it is critical that products are stored at the appropriate temperature, and you need automated notifications the as soon as a temperature or product is outside of the appropriate temperature range. Managers and staff can proactively address minor issues with instant alerts and notifications. The automatic notifications can also be used to track equipment health. Preventive maintenance can be done before any damages that might need expensive repair ever happen, or products are wasted. Another important feature where sensors can be utilized is automation. There’s no more need for manual input of vital information — like temperature recording — so employees can focus on other important tasks. Close Q  Jolt Labeling System Streamline the label-making process by reducing the time it takes to make labels and eliminating errors. Learn Jolt's Date Code Labeling System Jolt’s Date Code Labeling system empowers restaurant owners to take advantage of inexpensive hardware and turn it into an efficient labeling system. Stores can dramatically speed up the printing of expiration dates on labels with Jolt’s easy-to-understand interface. Labels print out of the Jolt Labeling System at 6 labels per second, giving your staff time to focus on customers, not labeling. Errors in labeling are also eliminated since everything is automated. This focus on accuracy and efficiency gives local health departments and corporate auditors confidence that you are running your operation safely. The Labeling System can be used for purposes, such as labeling expiration dates, orders, and allergen alerts, as well as any other task where a label is needed as part of your business process. Close Q  Jolt Temperature Probes Take and record food temperatures quickly with digital logs to better control food safety. Learn  Jolt Information Library Provide employee training and store content in one central hub. Learn Jolt Information Library Information dissemination is a crucial part of a productive and efficient workplace. The Jolt Information Library offers companies a fast way to distribute information immediately to all their employees by role, and all locations regardless of physical distance. The Jolt Information Library can instantaneously dispense information or instructions to the staff on the ground, all with just the click of a button. Business owners can use the Information Library to store and organize all the critical information. Information can be linked directly to specific tasks in the Jolt Lists product so that employees have “real-time training” at precisely the time they need it most.  This allows them to complete the task perfectly, without relying on memory from their first few days on the job, when they were most likely overwhelmed with all the information they needed to process. Shipping content and other documents will no longer be necessary since all information can be distributed instantly. Training store personnel is also more convenient since files such as PDFs and Videos can be easily shared with employees who need access. Other uses of the Information Library include promotions, recipes, instructions, and POP (point-of-purchase) marketing, among other things. Close Q  Jolt Employee Scheduling Scheduling your entire crew is easy with Jolt’s drag and drop interface. Learn Jolt Employee Scheduling The Jolt Employee Scheduling software makes assigning shift schedules to the staff more accessible and less prone to errors. The user-friendly interface allows supervisors or anyone in charge of staff scheduling to effectively plan the shifts of the whole team. The drag-and-drop interface of Jolt Scheduling makes creating shift schedules, even across multiple store locations, more convenient and accurate. Managing shifts has never been this seamless and easy. Everything can be accessed in one place, and accessing all your locations does not require separate log-ins or interfaces. Views for scheduling can also be customized to the user’s preference. Employees get real-time notifications of their assigned shifts through the Jolt mobile application, texts, or emails. The best part is that the mobile app is lightweight, so it can be installed on almost any mobile device. All one needs is an internet connection, and they are good to go. SMS and e-mail messages regarding shift schedules can even be sent to employees without a smartphone. Now, that’s accessibility! Close Q  Jolt Time Clock Monitor employee clock-ins and shift lengths all from home. Learn Jolt Time Clock An integrated Time Clock allows restaurant owners to run their businesses remotely and efficiently. Say goodbye to the old ways of keeping time and attendance records with Jolt’s integrated Time Clock system. Employees’ time clock data is readily accessible to owners as long as their devices are connected to the internet. Jolt Time Clock’s visibility allows the management to view who clocked in and out at what store location. Employees clocking in on behalf of another employee will also be eliminated since the system automatically takes a photo of the who clocks in. Preparing employee payroll is quick and easy with Time Clock’s export function. In keeping with Jolt’s commitment to automation and making things generally easier and more efficient for an organization, announcements can be integrated directly into the clock-in process. The integration guarantees that employees see essential information and announcements even before they start working. Quizzes are then presented to ensure that the employee understands the directives in the communication.  Additionally, the time clock integrates with the scheduling system to ensure that employees don’t clock in before their scheduled time, or if you allow them to, the early or late punches are flagged for your review and approval. Close Q  Jolt Communication Manager Ensure information is delivered to the right people quickly. Learn Jolt Communication Manager Good communication is essential for a streamlined operation of an organization. When directions are communicated clearly, the management and location staff find themselves on the same page. The Jolt Communication Manager offers a channel for businesses to immediately communicate with all their locations and employees. Jolt ensures that pertinent information is communicated and delivered to relevant employees at the right time. Business owners can also customize the Communication Manager to send notifications to the location staff upon logging in to the system. Information critical to the function of a location will never be overlooked again with Jolt’s feature that allows owners to see who has read each notification and completed each quiz. SMS or email blasts to employees’ personal contact information are also possible with this software in the event of an emergency such as location closure. Everyone is always up to speed with the company’s announcements using the Jolt Communication Manager. Close Q Enjoy Peace of Mind Jolt was built for operators, by operators.  That’s why our customers continually say this is exactly what they’ve been looking for. Get Started Today Industries We Serve Restaurants We’ve built an operations management platform that helps restaurants monitor food safety, manage daily checklists, and make employees more productive. Learn More Car Washes Jolt helps car washes manage daily operational checklists and protect equipment, employees, and customers. Learn More Hotels We’ve built an operations management platform that helps restaurants monitor food safety, manage daily checklists, and make employees more productive. Learn More Retail, Grocery, & Convenience Jolt helps retail, grocery, and convenience stores manage daily operational checklists and protect perishable inventory. Learn More Additional Industries Jolt is an easy to use platform that can be customized to fit different business requirements. We have a solution for every industry. Learn More Tailored Solutions to Meet Your Needs Jolt is software available on smartphones and tablets that helps restaurants and businesses achieve team accountability, digital food safety compliance, and boost employee performance. Team Accountability With Jolt, employees work like you’re there, even when you’re not. Learn More Team Accountability Accountability is accepting responsibility and being willing to be evaluated based on one’s performance at work. With Jolt, employees work with the same focus and intensity, even when the manager or supervisor is away. Business organizations can be sure that everyone is working at a rate that keeps them productive, as active contributors to the success of the business. Jolt’s Team Accountability solution can help restaurant owners to accomplish: Cleaner stores: The digital checklists list precise instructions to the staff concerning their task. For example, Jolt allows managers and business owners to instruct restaurant crews to take photos of dining tables to ensure that a store is clean. This way, the owner can check if the crew did an excellent job cleaning the table. This feature can help improve the behavior and habits of employees for cleaner dining rooms, kitchens, and restrooms. Faster service: Jolt enables restaurant management to send and receive real-time reports, notifications, and alerts related to the to-do lists of the staff. When alerts are sent in real time, the staff can act quickly to follow the instructions with very minimal time wasted. This will provide faster service across all the restaurant’s locations and branches. Consistent and standardized processes: When a checklist of things to do is provided, employees will clearly understand their tasks. Once these processes and procedures are repeated daily, employees will develop a habit of following and executing, resulting in a more consistent manner of accomplishing tasks. Get Started Close Q Digital Food Safety Increase food safety and pass health inspections with ease. Learn More Digital Food Safety For those outside of the food industry, Jolt offers a robust auditing solution that allows you to do safety inspections and audits effortlessly.  For those in the food industry, food safety is the top concern of every food service establishment. Jolt helps business owners pass inspections automatically, every time. Jolt’s operations management software’s quick temperature logs, automated temperature monitoring, and date labeling help ensure that restaurants regularly serve hot and fresh food to their customers. Millions of people get sick from eating food contaminated with bacteria every year. Food labels with date markings let people know how long food is safe to eat. Accurate labeling is crucial to avoid getting ill from eating spoiled food. Jolt’s Digital Food Safety helps guarantee that restaurants deliver fresh food with precise labeling. The auto-calculating labels are easy to produce and can contain not just the expiration date of the food, but also what food it is, the name of the person who prepared it, and any other information you would like. Another benefit of Jolt’s Digital Food Safety solution is the protection of a restaurant’s inventory. The Jolt operation software uses remote temperature sensors that notify restaurant owners in real time when temperatures in any refrigeration equipment or storage area are outside the optimal range. This inventory protection capability of Jolt can help keep ingredients and other stocks fresh and in the best possible condition and eliminate thousands of dollars in lost product. Get Started Close Q Employee Performance Train employees on what to do and how to do it best on the job. Learn More Employee Performance Employee training gives everyone an understanding of their responsibilities. It’s an excellent opportunity to help employees acquire more knowledge that can help improve their skills and become a more effective part of the team. Effective training can positively affect workers’ productivity, resulting in a more efficient workplace, which translates to increased profits for the company. Jolt helps organizations train employees on what needs to be done and how to do it correctly. The Jolt Employee Performance solution helps businesses improve compliance with a user-friendly training hub and quizzes for employees. The employee quizzes can help improve the staff’s accuracy and service knowledge. Increasing staff friendliness is also possible with Jolt scheduling. Effective scheduling of shifts ensures that employees are not overworked, so burnout can be prevented. Understaffing will also be avoided since the workforce’s schedule is built with full visibility of employee availability and time off requests, and automated shift reminders are automatically sent to employees. When shifts are planned correctly, employees will be in the appropriate condition to offer friendly customer service. Recognizing the top performers will further boost the morale of those who are already doing their jobs to the best of their abilities. The #1 reason for employee turnover is employees feeling that they aren’t appropriately recognized for the good work they do. Jolt is perfectly designed to eliminate this problem. Jolt can help business owners and managers keep track of their best employees with the embedded performance scoring and reviews in the operations software, and recognize them accordingly. Get Started Close Q See What Our Customers Have To Say: Jolt saved all of my ice cream before any of my employees even noticed there was a problem with the walk-in freezer. Eric K. Baskin Robbins Franchisee Since implementing Jolt three years ago we have seen an increase in our inspection scores across all of our locations. Furthermore, Jolt has saved us thousands and thousands of dollars from failed audits, labor costs, failed freezer units going out, and so much more. Chad L. Zaxby’s Operator Our store recently got an evaluation from EcoSure and we received a Pride Award. The person doing the inspection said it was the cleanest Dairy Queen store they had ever seen. Devra C. Dairy Queen Franchisee Let’s Get Started Ready To Make a Real Change in Your Business? Setup a Free Meeting Connect With Us Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow 2901 Ashton Blvd. Suite #300 Lehi, UT 84048 Call Us: 877-396-4112 RESOURCES Request Demo Customer Support Buy Supplies Customer Success Stories Jolt Services Referral Partner Program Refer Jolt to a Friend Company About Us Values Contact Careers Security Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Service Shipping Policy Return Policy