Keyboard Navigation
 Joomla!® 
Download & Extend 
Discover & Learn 
Community & Support 
Developer Resources 
Search
Download
Launch
Home
About Joomla!
Benefits & Features
Joomla! 6
News
Contribute
Press Enquiries
Celebrate 20 Years of Joomla!

Join us in marking two decades of innovation, community, and open-source excellence.

Join the Celebration
 
The Flexible Platform Empowering Website Creators

Joomla! is an award-winning content management system (CMS), which enables you to build web sites and powerful online applications.

Download Joomla!
Download Joomla!

Download and Install Joomla! in your own server or development environment.

Download Joomla! →
Use launch.joomla.org
Use Joomla!

Spin up a free and fully functional Joomla website on launch.joomla.org.

Launch Joomla! →
Joomla! Training
Learn Joomla!

Learn how to manage a Joomla website with free video training classes.

Learn Joomla! →
 
Joomla! Announcements
Joomla 6.0.1 & 5.4.1 Bugfix Release
The Joomla! Project is pleased to announce the release of Joomla 6.0.1 and Joomla 5.4.1. These are bugfix releases for the Joomla 5.x and 6.x series.

 Read more …

Joomla 6.0 and Joomla 5.4 are here!
Let’s celebrate! Today is an important day for the Joomla! Project. We’re celebrating two years of hard work by our volunteers, after all the discussion, code sprints, and bug squashing, the day has finally arrived....

 Read more …

 
Why Joomla?

Hundreds of developers have been improving Joomla! since the first version was released in 2005. This immense effort has made Joomla! very popular, easy to use, stable and secure.

Joomla! has thousands of free extensions and templates allowing you to customize your site to fit your specific needs.

Learn more about Joomla! 6

  
Benefits & Features

Search Engine Friendly

Mobile Friendly

Unlimited Design

Multilingual

Flexible & Fully Extensible

Multi-User Permission Levels

See benefits & features
Announcements
Development News
Joomla! 6.1 Alpha2 - See how it's coming together
December 23, 2025 by Tom van der Laan
The Joomla! Project is pleased to announce the availability of Joomla 6.1 Alpha 2 for testing.
Joomla! 6.1 Alpha1 - Test the Future of Joomla
November 25, 2025 by Tom van der Laan
The Joomla! Project is pleased to announce the availability of the first Joomla 6.1 Alpha 1 for testing.
Community News
Happy Christmas
December 18, 2025 by [AT] opensourcematters [DOT] org (Secretary OSM
Dear Joomla Community, As 2025 comes to a close, we want to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of our hearts...
Treasurer Replacement Elections - Results of the Treasurer election
December 17, 2025 by [AT] gmail [DOT] com (Emmanuel Lemor
We are happy to announce the final results for the Treasurer Replacement elections. Read More …
Team Reports
OSM Inc. Special Members Meeting 16. Dec. 2025
December 25, 2025 by Angie Radtke
Date: 16. December 2025 19 UTC Attendance & Quorum     Present: 47 members    Proxies: 8    Total Members:...
Joomla Bugsquad Meeting - Dec 22th, 2025
December 23, 2025 by Martin Kopp
Attendees: Brian, Hannes, Martina, Martin (Teamlead) - Duration: 55 minutes - Worked through 4 issues on the agenda. Closed 1. Discussed list of...
Upcoming Events

More events

Joomla! Means Community

Joomla! is the only major CMS that is built entirely by volunteers from all over the world. We have a strong community bond and all take pleasure in building something that has a large global impact. If you are interested in volunteering please head over to the volunteer portal.

Get involved

141 +

MILLION
DOWNLOADS
 
10 +

THOUSAND
EXTENSIONS &
TEMPLATES
 
2 +

MILLION
WEB SITES
 
 
1500 +

VOLUNTEERS
 
550 +

THOUSAND
LINES OF CODE
 
76

LANGUAGES
Our Sponsors & Partners

Thanks to the following companies for their support of the Joomla Project

Joomla Sponsors Sponsor us! Joomla Partners

Stay up to date with the latest news and information about Joomla

Subscribe to Joomla Newsletters
Joomla! on Twitter
 
Joomla! on Facebook
 
Joomla! on YouTube
 
Joomla! on LinkedIn
 
Joomla! on Pinterest
 
Joomla! on Instagram
 
Joomla! on GitHub
Home
About
Community
Forum
Extensions
Services
Docs
Developer
Shop
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sponsor Joomla! with $5
Help Translate
Report an Issue
Log in

© 2005 - 2025 Open Source Matters, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Joomla! Hosting by Rochen