Responsive Joomla Templates & Premium Themes Club - JoomShaper Templates Templates Page Builder Page Builder SP Page Builder 6 Build amazing Joomla sites instantly with an extremely powerful and fully visual drag & drop tool. Try Now Layout Bundles Accelerate your website development with a plethora of beautifully designed layout bundles. Explore Overview Overview Features Features Dynamic Content Dynamic Content Popup Builder Popup Builder Interactions Interactions Layout Bundles Layout Bundles Pre-made Blocks Pre-made Blocks Documentation Documentation EasyStore EasyStore Resources Resources Documentation Documentation Forums Forums Live Chat Live Chat Ask a Question Get fast & extensive assistance from our expert support engineers. Ask a question on our Forums, and we will get back to you. Ask a Question Ask a Question Blog Blog Pricing Pricing Login Login to your account Stay Logged in Continue Forgot your password or username ? New to JoomShaper? Create an account Get Started Templates Templates Page Builder Page Builder SP Page Builder 6 Build amazing Joomla sites instantly with an extremely powerful and fully visual drag & drop tool. Try Now Layout Bundles Accelerate your website development with a plethora of beautifully designed layout bundles. Explore Overview Overview Features Features Dynamic Content Dynamic Content Popup Builder Popup Builder Interactions Interactions Layout Bundles Layout Bundles Pre-made Blocks Pre-made Blocks Documentation Documentation EasyStore EasyStore Resources Resources Documentation Documentation Forums Forums Live Chat Live Chat Ask a Question Get fast & extensive assistance from our expert support engineers. Ask a question on our Forums, and we will get back to you. Ask a Question Ask a Question Blog Blog Pricing Pricing Login Create an account Grow your business with the world’s #1 tools for Joomla! Easily build websites, landing pages, pop-ups, alert bars, and beyond. Get Started Now Simplifying your Joomla experience with products that are stunning, functional, ready to use, and well-documented 305 Joomla Products 0 Total Downloads 0 Community Users 0 Company Rating Drag & drop tool to build sites visually and instantly Design & Build Everything Visually Say goodbye to guesswork with the fully visual page builder. Explore Pre-made Layout Library Speed up site development with functional layout bundles. Back-end & Front  end Editor Flexible Rows and  Columns Learn More Templates that work All our Joomla templates are premium, responsive, and well-designed for every niche. Business Ecommerce Portfolio Travel More... Explore all templates The Ultimate eCommerce Extension for Joomla Sell Products Online Showcase & sell your products effortlessly to a global audience. Manage Products & Store Seamlessly track & manage products with the automated inventory. Add multiple product variants Create coupons & sale offer Learn More Customers at the core I faced several issues after purchasing and raised a ticket. They took around 3 days and built a special package for me. I used that and now my site is working fine.
Still need many modules for easy storage. Parashuram Singade India Very cool and advanced component. I've been using it for a long time and it only gets better with the best. This is the best component for creating web pages Genadijs Jemeljanovs Latvia I had a problem using a layout bundle (never had a problem with this in 7 years), it gave me an error message every time. Just spoke to Anne via chat, I couldn't figure it out myself. Wiebe Werkman Netherlands Joomshaper simple have best page buider for Joomla and very nice templates and extensions. They're not perfect, of course, but they have an excellent team that promptly solves any problems that are reported. Orlando Ferreira Portugal All around great component for Joomla content management system that allows you to either build pages and modules and customize all using an intuitive, drag and drop building system. The support from the component developers is fantastic. And you can do amazing things. I recommend it to anyone. Paul Sandman Canada Best Joomla templates & extensions, splendid support
I am absolutely delighted with joomshapers‘ products and service. I had to look for a new developer of Joomla templates and extensions when JoomlaShine.com gave up last year. I am happy that I’ve found joomshaper.com. Кай Германович Стратус Germany I am with Joomshaper since 2015. In particular I love Pagebuilder as its easy to use and very flexible. In my opinion the best on the market. Also the design of the Helix3 templates are just overwelming. Great abilities in coding and design skills. Henry Marquardt South Africa Used for 5 years os so to make 40+ Websites .... a few small issues along the way but all were overcome. Suppoy is very good and occasionally they go above and beyone to help with complex issues. I will renew again! The WEst Wing New Zealand JoomShaper produce an extensive range of high quality components, plugins and templates for both the Wordpress and Joomla CMS platforms.

They are a long standing company, which have a fine pedigree in producing and maintaining high quality products. John Gibson Australia 284 reviews on Worried about choosing the right package? Choose from multiple pricing options and get your project off the bench with the pricing plan that works best for you. Get Started JoomShaper is a leading Joomla product suite with templates, page builder, and eCommerce & other extension, has 305+ products and 12.9M+ downloads by 721845 users worldwide. Products SP Page Builder SP Page Builder EasyStore EasyStore Joomla Templates Joomla Templates Joomla Extensions Joomla Extensions Layout Bundles Layout Bundles Helix Framework Helix Framework Live Demos Live Demos Help Forums Forums Documentation Documentation FAQs FAQs Support Policy Support Policy Company About About Affiliates Affiliates Contact Contact Terms of Use Terms of Use Copyright Notice Copyright Notice Refund Policy Refund Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Newsletter By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy . (4.5/5) © 2025 JoomShaper, an Ollyo company. All Rights Reserved. We are not endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project, and various trademarks are held by their respective owners.