Jottacloud – Cloud storage made easy - Jottacloud Why Jottacloud Features Pricing Business EN Language Norwegian English German Log in Get Started Get Started Why Jottacloud Features Pricing Business EN Norwegian English German Log in Get Started Smart cloud storage you can trust Join the 1.9 million users who trust our easy, secure cloud storage powered by 100% renewable energy. Stored in Norway, and protected by European privacy laws. Prices and plans Pay monthly Pay yearly For the little things 5 GB Free Free 1 user 5 GB storage Backup all devices Email and chat support Try for free For everything Unlimited* USD 11.99 / month USD 119.90 / year 1 user Unlimited storage Backup all devices Phone, email and chat support *   Upload speed gradually reduced after 5 TB Buy now For your family Home 1 TB USD 6.99 / month USD 69.90 / year 5 users 1 TB storage Backup all devices Phone, email and chat support No bandwidth limitation Buy now For maximum speed Pro 10 TB USD 29.90 / month USD 299 / year 1 user 10 TB storage Backup all devices Priority support Maximum speed Licensed for commercial use Buy now See all subscriptions Some of our features Automatic backup Everything is automatically uploaded to Jottacloud – safe and easy. Recover lost files Recover lost files with Jottacloud's version history – we store the last five versions of all your files. Archive Use the archive to upload files you don't need daily but want to keep. Easy sharing Share files and photos you've uploaded to your cloud with just a few clicks. See all features here Why Jottacloud? We take care of your digital life. Securely, reliably and sustainably. Never run out of storage space With the unlimited subscription you don't have to worry about running out of space. Never run out of storage space With Jottacloud's unlimited subscription, you can store all your data without worrying about running out of space. You ensure that your important files and photos always have backup and avoid the risk of losing valuable data. Take pictures and videos without worrying about whether they take up space! Additionally, you can use the archive to free up local storage space on your devices, so you always have enough room for new experiences and work. The subscription gives you maximum storage speed up to 5 TB, after which the upload speed gradually decreases, but you can still store as much as you want. 100% renewable energy Our data center is powered by 100% renewable energy from hydropower, and the servers are cooled by cold seawater. 100% renewable energy When you store your data in Jottacloud, you help reduce climate emissions. Our data center is powered by 100% renewable energy sourced from Norwegian hydropower, one of the cleanest energy sources in the world. Additionally, the servers are cooled by naturally cold seawater, reducing the need for energy-intensive cooling systems. Every file, photo, and video you store with Jottacloud is stored sustainably! Privacy in focus Your data is protected by Norwegian and European privacy laws. Your privacy is safe with Jottacloud! Privacy in focus Your privacy is safeguarded in Jottacloud, and all your data remains your own. As a Norwegian company, we are committed to following strict Norwegian privacy regulations, in addition to European GDPR rules. Privacy is part of our culture when we develop Jottacloud and is central to the choices we make! All files, photos, and documents you store with us are protected by high privacy standards. No one, neither authorities, third-party providers, nor others, will have access to what you store in Jottacloud. Read more about our encryption Original and uncompressed quality Keep the quality of everything you store. Nothing is compressed in Jottacloud. Original and uncompressed quality The files you upload to Jottacloud remain in their original quality without any form of compression. Whether you're storing high-resolution images, videos, or documents, you can be sure they will retain the same quality as when they were uploaded. This also applies when you share files with others: no quality is lost. Jottacloud supports a wide range of file formats, including RAW files, so you can store projects and digital documents in the correct format. AI photo search Quickly re-discover your photos with AI photo search. AI photo search AI-based photo search uses artificial intelligence to find photos in your timeline. Instead of scrolling through all your photos, you can describe the photo you are looking for. The AI models are pre-trained on large, external datasets with images and texts, and we do not train the models based on your photos! Read more about the AI photo search Lightning-fast upload and download Jottacloud offers lightning-fast upload and download and is ranked among the fastest cloud storage services in the world. Lightning-fast upload and download Jottacloud is one of the fastest cloud storage services in the world. Cloudwards has rated Jottacloud as the fastest backup service: "Simply put, these results are incredible. On average, Jottacloud is only three seconds above the theoretical speed limit of 6 minutes and 40 seconds, which is about as good as it can get in terms of speed." Read more at Cloudwards Your entire digital life in one place With Jottacloud, you can store, access, and manage all your important files - from precious family photos to videos, music, spreadsheets and power points - in one place. See all subscriptions Featured in "Jottacloud replaced Apple Photos, most of my iCloud and Google Drive storage needs, and my longtime computer backup tool, Backblaze." Zapier "Norwegian cloud storage service with innovative AI functionality" TechRadar "It stands out from other top online backup providers by focusing on managing and protecting your photos." Cloudwards Compare us Jottacloud Automatic backup Selective sync For files and photos Servers in Norway Powered by 100% renewable energy Unlimited storage* Dropbox Automatic backup Selective sync For files and photos Servers in Norway Powered by 100% renewable energy Unlimited storage* Google Drive Automatic backup Selective sync For files and photos Servers in Norway Powered by 100% renewable energy Unlimited storage* See more details World-class secure cloud storage Protecting your data from unauthorized access and cyber threats is our key priority. Learn more about how we store and protect your data, and how Jottacloud works with data encryption. Server security Encryption and data Product Help Pricing Download AI photo search Jottacloud Pro Company About Us Careers Become a partner Contact us Blog Legal Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Transparency Jotta AS Øvre Slottsgate 5 0157 Oslo, Norway Org. nr. 992 603 615 Copyright 2025 © Jotta AS