Mediavine
Home
Blog
Community
Help Center
Apply for Journey
Log In

From creating content to building online communities, Journey by Mediavine is the first step toward a sustainable future income. Find out how far you can go.

Start Your Journey
Pave Your Own Path

Journey by Mediavine is the ad management solution for growing websites and the publishers behind them. Paving your way to a successful business through digital advertising just got easier. Simply install Grow by Mediavine and run it for a minimum of 30 days. (The sooner you get started, the better.) We’ll measure your traffic and reach out when you’re ready to run ads. 

Build Your Audience

Our user engagement toolkit, Grow, makes running Journey ads on your site possible. Grow helps you nurture your audience and increase your traffic. The easy-to-use software helps you generate authenticated traffic and lets us analyze your site and know when it’s ready for ads. Running Grow is a requirement for Journey ads. 

Create Your Grow Account
Trusted by the World’s Top Creators

Tap into Mediavine’s extensive ad management expertise, from ad placements that work to tech that won’t slow down your site. Our industry-leading ad settings, plugins and first-party data solutions — like Grow — are all designed with site speed, privacy and user experience in mind. Get ready to chart your own course online.

Meet Mediavine
Why Journey?

With Journey, you can begin building a sustainable income quickly and easily through advertising that provides a great user experience and doesn’t destroy pagespeed.

Earn Top Dollar
Using proven ad technology and relationships from Mediavine, start monetizing your site early in your journey — without compromising user experience.
Launch From Anywhere

No matter where you live, work or play, Journey is there. Our platform is open to all publishers with premium traffic from anywhere in the world where Mediavine does business. Launch your future from the places that work for your life.

Tech for Today

With Mediavine’s first-party data and identity solutions, we can help you build traffic and engagement without slowing you down. Every product we build is designed with speed and sustainability in mind.

Start your Journey Today

Ready to get started with Journey? Here’s how:


Connect your GA4 account.
Apply for Journey.
If your site meets our eligibility requirements, you can create a free publisher account to save and follow your application.
Take the First Step
Reviews From Our Publishers
I am SO DEEPLY thankful to Journey
Lillie Marshall

Drawings Of...

I am SO DEEPLY thankful to Journey for finally allowing me to monetize the labor of love that I have poured my art, words, and mind into for four years! I’m also appreciative that the Core Web Vitals are all still excellent with Journey, which has not been the case for other networks.

I love how easy it was to get started
Jenny Brocious

Next Stop, Hawaii!

I love how easy it was to get started with Journey, it was super simple to set up! I also love that Journey has allowed me to monetize my site months before it will be eligible for Mediavine. I’ve been very happy with the RPMs so far, they have continuously grown and are on par with my main Mediavine site.

159 W 25th St., Suite #427
NY, NY 10001
888-705-1246

LEGAL AND PRIVACY CENTER
© 2025 MEDIAVINE