Gaming and Video Game News & Reviews | Engadget Sign in Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Gaming All our coverage of the latest video games, consoles and accessories. Explore gaming Explore gaming Nintendo PC PlayStation Xbox IO Interactive's 007 First Light reimagines James Bond as a young and reckless spy Cinematic and narrative director Martin Emborg on living up to the Bond fantasy. Alessandro Fillari 12.17.2025 Everything announced and all the winners at The Game Awards 2025 Jessica Conditt 12.11.2025 Control Resonant steps into a larger world that's inspired by Neon Genesis Evangelion Alessandro Fillari 12.11.2025 Ten years after The Witness, Jonathan Blow's next massive puzzle game is almost ready for primetime Kris Holt 12.11.2025 The world premieres and other hotness from The Game Awards 2025 Day of the Devs stream Jessica Conditt 12.10.2025 The best of gaming, curated by Engadget editors See all All gaming stories How to watch the first-ever Lego CES 2026 press conference live Lego is gearing up to give its first presentation at CES this year, which might include its newly designed F1 racing car. The OneXSugar Wallet is an upcoming retro handheld with a 4:3 foldable screen Proceed with caution. Co-founder of CD Projekt Michał Kiciński has acquired GOG, the company's game storefront A CD Projekt co-founder has acquired its game storefront, GOG. Rainbow Six Siege servers are back online after shutting down in response to Marketplace hacks Rainbow Six Siege players will have to wait until Ubisoft resolves this major breach that led to a complete server shutdown. Samsung plans to integrate Google Photos into its TVs Samsung is working on integrating Google Photos with Samsung TVs. Ayaneo's latest Game Boy remake will have an early bird starting price of $269 The Ayaneo Pocket Vert will be available in three colors via a crowdfunding campaign that will go live soon. Stardew Valley players on the Nintendo Switch 2 get a free upgrade The Stardew Valley Upgrade Pack for Nintendo Switch 2 players adds local and online multiplayer, along with Game Share compatibility Here’s the first real look at the Retroid Pocket 6 running PS2 games The Retroid Pocket 6 can be seen in both thumbstick configurations and playing PS2 games. The best SSDs for PS5 in 2026 If you need more space to store games on your PS5, these are the best drives you can get. The best microSD cards for the Nintendo Switch 2 If you want to add more storage to your Nintendo Switch 2, you'll need a new microSD Express card. Here's what you should know before you buy one. The best PS5 accessories for 2026 Here are the best accessories for the Sony PlayStation 5, as chosen by Engadget editors. How to set up a PS5 for a child Everything you need to know about creating a child-friendly PS5 setup with clear limits on screen time, content access, online interactions and more. How to transfer your games to the Nintendo Switch 2 Moving all your content from one Nintendo console to another is pretty straightforward. The best Nintendo Switch 2 games for 2026 Load up your new console with excellent games for all kinds of players. Steam and Valve's online games are partially down Steam is down for some users, along with online APIs for Valve's multiplayer games. Today's the last day to get $100 off the PS5 and PS5 Pro This is your last chance to pick up a discounted PS5 or PS5 Pro. The consoles have been $100 off since November but that ends tonight. How to redeem game codes on the Nintendo Switch 2 Get digital games quickly by following simple steps to redeem game codes either on your Switch 2 or online. Nintendo has huge discounts on Switch 2 games in its holiday sale Nintendo is in a giving state of mind this season, offering some holiday deals on games, including a few recent Switch 2 titles. IO Interactive's 007 First Light has been delayed until May 27 That James Bond game 007 First Light has been delayed from March until May 27. The developer says this is for polish and refinement. Xbox cloud gaming comes to newer Amazon Fire TV models Some Amazon Fire TV models now support Xbox cloud gaming. These include the Fire TV 4-Series and the Fire TV Omni QLED Series. 1 2 3 4 5 ... Next Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Subscribe to our newsletter: The Morning After - A twice-weekly dose of the news you need By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms and Privacy Policy . Subscribe By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms and Privacy Policy . About Engadget masthead About our ads Advertise Licensing FAQ RSS feed Sections Reviews Gear Gaming Entertainment Tomorrow Buying guides Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Comment guidelines Support BUYING GUIDES Best laptop The best iPad Best Bluetooth speaker Best E Ink tablets Best wireless earbuds Best power banks Best gaming handhelds Contribute Comment guidelines Support BUYING GUIDES Best laptop The best iPad Best Bluetooth speaker Best E Ink tablets Best wireless earbuds Best power banks Best gaming handhelds Follow Us © 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved. About Us Reprints and Permissions Trademarks Advertise About Our Ads Terms and Privacy Policy Privacy Dashboard