Simply | The best apps to set your creativity free This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser. Skip to main content Skip to footer Apps About Join us Help Get Started Apps Music Simply Piano Simply Guitar Simply Sing Simply Tune Simply Piano XR Arts Simply Draw About Join us Help Everyday moments of joy Bring creativity and fun into your home It’s never too late - or too early - to bring a new creative hobby into your daily life. Whether you've always wanted to play the piano or guitar, express yourself through drawing, or sing your heart out, Simply makes it simple and fun to dive into your creative interests. START YOUR JOURNEY Let your journey begin Pick up a new creative hobby or take one you already enjoy to the next level. Have the time of your life learning Make it a time for your creative expression or a way to connect with loved ones. Find your own rhythm Pace yourself or dive right in. We’ll be by your side every step of the way. Whatever your level, gain the skills you need to play the songs you love and make your piano dreams come true. MORE ON PIANO Whether you’re a seasoned strummer or just starting your musical journey, Simply Guitar makes learning an absolute blast with personalized tutorials and feedback. MORE ON GUITAR It’s time to let your voice shine! With your favorite songs adjusted to your vocal range, no note is out of reach. MORE ON SING Dive into the captivating world of pencil drawing with our step-by-step instructions and personalized courses. MORE ON DRAW Keep your guitar, bass, or ukelele in perfect pitch with our fast, easy, and 100% free tuner. MORE ON TUNE Wherever you are, step into the music, build real skills, and experience your piano journey like never before with the power of Augmented Reality. DISCOVER XR Stay tuned for new additions to the Simply family. Find joy, growth, and meaning in the pursuit of creative hobbies. Subscriptions available for families and individuals. Share your journey See how people from around the world are sharing their learning journeys in our communities. PIANO COMMUNITY (opens in new tab) External links open in a new tab or window GUITAR COMMUNITY (opens in new tab) External links open in a new tab or window “Amazed at my progress” I am turning 70 and have been with Simply Piano for just under 2 years. No matter your age, enjoy the journey and you will be amazed at your progress. Larry, US “So much fun!” My 6yo daughter finally convinced him to let her play with it, and I am just blown away at her dedication and how much fun she’s having with it (proud mama :)) Ariel, US “A new family tradition” Every evening when I bring my kids (5 and 8 years old) to bed they ask me to leave the doors open and play the piano for them to fall asleep to. Christine, Netherlands “A remarkable app!” I’ve been playing piano using Simply Piano since 2017. It’s remarkable how much the app changed (for the better) since I’ve started. Trent, Canada “An interactive way to learn” I can’t believe my 5-year-old son Ivaan just played music for the first time. This app is very affordable and interactive to learn guitar step by step. Indrani, UK “The app keeps me motivated” As a newbie I really enjoyed it, it kept the practice fun like a game. I’ve been playing guitar for about a year now and the app is great to keep me motivated. Greg, US “A great community” Don’t give up, the community inspires me to be better and do better daily! Ralph, US “Amazed at my progress” I am turning 70 and have been with Simply Piano for just under 2 years. No matter your age, enjoy the journey and you will be amazed at your progress. Larry, US “So much fun!” My 6yo daughter finally convinced him to let her play with it, and I am just blown away at her dedication and how much fun she’s having with it (proud mama :)) Ariel, US “A new family tradition” Every evening when I bring my kids (5 and 8 years old) to bed they ask me to leave the doors open and play the piano for them to fall asleep to. Christine, Netherlands “A remarkable app!” I’ve been playing piano using Simply Piano since 2017. It’s remarkable how much the app changed (for the better) since I’ve started. Trent, Canada “An interactive way to learn” I can’t believe my 5-year-old son Ivaan just played music for the first time. This app is very affordable and interactive to learn guitar step by step. Indrani, UK “The app keeps me motivated” As a newbie I really enjoyed it, it kept the practice fun like a game. I’ve been playing guitar for about a year now and the app is great to keep me motivated. Greg, US “A great community” Don’t give up, the community inspires me to be better and do better daily! Ralph, US “Amazed at my progress” I am turning 70 and have been with Simply Piano for just under 2 years. No matter your age, enjoy the journey and you will be amazed at your progress. Larry, US “So much fun!” My 6yo daughter finally convinced him to let her play with it, and I am just blown away at her dedication and how much fun she’s having with it (proud mama :)) Ariel, US “A new family tradition” Every evening when I bring my kids (5 and 8 years old) to bed they ask me to leave the doors open and play the piano for them to fall asleep to. Christine, Netherlands “A remarkable app!” I’ve been playing piano using Simply Piano since 2017. It’s remarkable how much the app changed (for the better) since I’ve started. Trent, Canada “An interactive way to learn” I can’t believe my 5-year-old son Ivaan just played music for the first time. This app is very affordable and interactive to learn guitar step by step. Indrani, UK “The app keeps me motivated” As a newbie I really enjoyed it, it kept the practice fun like a game. I’ve been playing guitar for about a year now and the app is great to keep me motivated. Greg, US “A great community” Don’t give up, the community inspires me to be better and do better daily! Ralph, US Share your Simply story with the hashtag #mysimplystory A little creativity goes a long way! START YOUR JOURNEY Making the pursuit of creative hobbies simple and fun for all. Get Simply Simply Piano Simply Guitar Simply Sing Simply Tune Simply Draw Simply Piano XR Simply Workshops Buy as a gift Teachers Homeschooling About About us Join us Partnerships Affiliates Support Help with Simply Piano Help with Simply Guitar Help with Simply Sing Help with Simply Draw Simply Piano community Simply Guitar community Press inquiries Privacy policy Terms & conditions © All Rights Reserved, Simply Ltd.