Skip to main content
Solutions
Who We Serve
Insights
About Us
Careers
News
Contact Us
Login
Global
J.P. Morgan home
2026 outlooks and forecasts

Dive into in-depth outlooks and forecasts from our analysts and strategists.

READ MORE
2026 outlooks and forecasts
Global dealmaking update: From resilience to redefinition
4Q 2025 Guide to the Markets

Our team, clients, communities and shareholders are at the center of everything we do

Through our tailored solutions spanning investment and commercial banking, payments processing and asset management, we're relentlessly focused on serving our clients globally and driving sustainable impact for our communities.

LEARN MORE ABOUT US
What problem can we solve together?

Asset Management

At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, we believe investors deserve an expert global partner they can trust to step up and deliver strong outcomes.

Learn more

Commercial Banking

We provide credit, financing, treasury and payment solutions to help your business succeed. We also offer best-in-class commercial real estate services for investors and developers.

Learn more

Investment Banking

Providing investment banking solutions, including mergers and acquisitions, capital raising and risk management, for a broad range of corporations, institutions and governments.

Learn more

Markets

Direct access to market leading liquidity harnessed through world-class research, tools, data and analytics.

Learn more

Payments

Let J.P. Morgan empower your business to thrive by unlocking value from innovative, end-to-end solutions and integrated platforms.

Learn more

Private Bank

A uniquely elevated private banking experience shaped around you.

Learn more

Wealth Management

With J.P. Morgan Wealth Management, you can invest on your own or work with an advisor to design a personalized investment strategy. We have opportunities for every investor.

Learn more

GLOBAL CORPORATE BANKING

Perspectives from Asia Pacific

Heightened volatility and uncertainty have shaped 2025 so far, as investors and corporates assess the impact of U.S. tariffs on the global economy. Learn how companies of all sizes in Asia Pacific, from startups to large caps, are navigating current market conditions.

FIND OUT MORE

GLOBAL RESEARCH

US tariffs: What’s the impact on global trade and the economy?

Dec 05, 2025

J.P. Morgan Global Research brings you the latest updates and analysis of President Trump’s tariff proposals and their economic impact.

Read more

MARKETS AND ECONOMY

Healthtech sector spotlight: Investment trends and opportunities

Dec 03, 2025

Rising healthcare costs and access challenges create opportunities for innovation. Our report examines venture activity, AI adoption and exit trends.

Read more

PAYMENTS

Plan for the holiday season ahead: How shoppers are redefining retail expectations

Nov 21, 2025

Recent Customer Insights data shows Gen Z is driving new trends in retail, payment preferences and omnichannel shopping. Retailers who adapt to these evolving habits may be better positioned to benefit from future spending this holiday season.

Read more
00:12:05
Rare earths, real impact: Inside the MP Materials deal
Click for more podcasts

In this episode, Ben Wilson, head of Natural Resources M&A, is joined by Kevin Colborne, co-head of North American Mining, and Andrew Castaldo, co-head of Mid-Cap M&A. The group recaps J.P. Morgan’s involvement in the public-private partnership between the U.S. Department of Defense and MP Materials. They explore the strategic importance of rare earth magnets, the national security implications of the deal and the unique partnership forged to strengthen America’s supply chain in critical mineral commodities.

VIEW TRANSCRIPT

 | 00:03:12

Unpacked: Private credit

What is private credit, and why is it playing an increasingly important role in the broader financial landscape? Find out in this explainer video.

VIEW TRANSCRIPT
AUDIO DESCRIPTIVE OFF

SOLUTIONS

Asset Management
Commercial Banking
Credit and Financing
Investment Banking
Markets
Payments
Prime Services
Private Banking
Securities Services
Wealth Management
CAREERS

HELPFUL LINKS

About Us
Apps
Events and Conferences
Impact
Industries
Insights
Investor Relations
Media Center
News and Announcements
Newsletters

JPMORGANCHASE SITES

Chase
JPMorganChase
Payments Partner Network

CONNECT WITH US

Alumni Network
Client Login
Contact Us
Privacy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Cookies Policy
Regulatory Disclosures
© 2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.