jQuery Mobile jQuery Mobile is no longer supported. Please see the announcement blog post for more information. jQuery jQuery UI jQuery Mobile Sizzle QUnit Plugins Contribute CLA Style Guides Bug Triage Code Documentation Web Sites Events Support Learning Center Chat Stack Overflow Report a bug OpenJS Foundation Join Members jQuery Team Governance Conduct Projects jQuery Mobile Navigation Demos Download API Documentation Themes Resources Blog About jQuery Mobile is no longer supported To read more about the status of the jQuery Mobile project, see the announcement blog post . A Touch-Optimized Web Framework jQuery Mobile is a HTML5-based user interface system designed to make responsive web sites and apps that are accessible on all smartphone, tablet and desktop devices. Download jQuery Mobile Custom download Latest stable Version 1.4.5 jQuery 1.8 - 1.11 / 2.1 Developer Links Source Code (GitHub) jQuery Mobile Git (WIP Build) JavaScript CSS Report an issue Browser Support Changelogs Upgrade Guides Roadmap Discussion Forum jQuery Mobile Developing jQuery Mobile Seriously cross-platform with HTML5 jQuery Mobile framework takes the "write less, do more" mantra to the next level: Instead of writing unique applications for each mobile device or OS, the jQuery mobile framework allows you to design a single highly-branded responsive web site or application that will work on all popular smartphone, tablet, and desktop platforms. Browser Support Theming: Built to be branded We believe that your web site or app should feel like your brand, not any particular OS. To make building highly customized themes easy, we've created ThemeRoller for Mobile to make it easy to drag and drop colors and download a custom theme.  For polished visuals without the bloat, we leverage CSS3 properties like text-shadow and box-shadow . Download builder: Customize for speed We recommend using our tool to build a custom bundle that contains only the components you need. The builder generates a custom JavaScript file, as well as full and structure-only stylesheets for production use. Download Builder Learning Center Chat Twitter GitHub Copyright 2026 OpenJS Foundation and jQuery contributors. All rights reserved. See jQuery License for more information. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation , please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List . Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. OpenJS Foundation Terms of Use , Privacy , and Cookie Policies also apply. Web hosting by Digital Ocean | CDN by Fastly | Powered by WordPress