Free Site Search Engine - put a search engine on your web site or add search to your blog Already a user? Login JRank Site Search Engine Home Take a Tour FAQs Sign Up (free) Are visitors getting lost on your website? Help them find what they are looking for with our Site Search Engine .  JRank is completely free, lightning fast, and super-easy to use. Sign up for Free or Take a Tour JRank is free and requires no installation .  Already a user? Login . Zero installation Just copy-n-paste into your website. Zero cost Completely free to use. Zero waiting Search is super-fast and accurate. WHAT IS JRANK? JRank is a new type of site search engine .  It's fast, easy, accurate, and requires no installation on your web host.  To date, JRank has indexed over 40 million pages!  We built it on popular, open-source tools to leverage the best of existing search technology.  Check out some of these encyclopedias that leverage JRank's site search. HOW MUCH DOES IT COST? JRank has always been a free search for your website and we intend to keep it that way.  Site search is our specialty, JRank was designed by webmasters for webmasters. WHY DO I NEED IT? There are many large search engines that provide site search.  However, they're either too overwhelming, clumsy, or difficult to control for the individual web developer.  In fact, some of these solutions can cost thousands of dollars.  JRank offers simple and quick control for free . FAST AND EASY JRank is extremely simple to setup and integrate into your site.  Site search results are super-fast and always accurate.  We even offer an advanced REST API for the power user ( documentation ). Over 40,000,000 pages and growing Find out why thousands of people are talking about JRank Site Search Engine Our Search Examples Check out some of these encyclopedias that leverage JRank's site search. Job Descriptions and Careers Careers and Job Opportunities, Descriptions, Career Search, and Career Choices and Profiles. Answers to Questions Thousands of Common Questions Answered in Detail. Psychology Reference Reference for psychological conditions and concepts. Marriage and Family Reference Issues and topics regarding marriage, the family, and the home. Animal Life Reference Encyclopedia of aminals and their habitats, behaviours, and diets. Science Encyclopedia Scientific reference library covering general science topics. Aging and Genetics Reference Medical library covering topics such as aging healthy and genetics. Social Issues Reference Social issues from Child Development to Social Trends in America. Famous Sports Stars Famous Sports Figures and Sports Stars Biographies and Stories. Biographies of Notable People Biographies of novelists, authors, famous African Americans, and Hispanics. Company Profiles Business information, company history, and profiles. History Reference: Ancient History & World History Every important historical event in the ancient world and the middle ages. American Literature, English Literature, Classics & Modern Fiction Biographies and Catalog of famous Classical, Modern, and Fiction Writers. Business Management Encyclopedia of business topics, including managing diversity, equal opportunity, and Six-Sigma. JRank in the Wild Sites that use site search through JRank. StateUniversity.com Universities in United States Profiles of Universities and Colleges “ We needed a way to let our users search thousands of pages quickly and easily. Setting up a new site search was too cumbersome and tedious, so we chose Jrank.org site search to get the job done. More examples of JRank in use Job Descriptions - Articles about the most popular jobs and what employers are looking for when hiring; an exploration of what's expected from candidates. Ask AI - Question AI – IAsk.AI ( Ask Ai ) is a free AI answer engine that allows users to ask and question AI and receive the most advanced, factual AI answers to any question users ask with iAsk - Ask AI Answer Engine . Flawlessly - Free AI Writing Checker and an AI checker (free) text fixer. More books... Copyright © 2002-2026 Net Ideas, LLC. — Privacy Policy