JSON Schema Specification Docs Tools Blog Community Search System Light Dark Star on GitHub Build more. Break less. Empower others. JSON Schema enables the confident and reliable use of the JSON data format. Getting started Join Slack Search Search Used by Please visit the JSON Schema Landscape and discover more companies using JSON Schema. Why JSON Schema? While JSON is probably the most popular format for exchanging data, JSON Schema is the vocabulary that enables JSON data consistency, validity, and interoperability at scale. Streamline testing and validation Simplify your validation logic to reduce your code’s complexity and save time on development. Define constraints for your data structures to catch and prevent errors, inconsistencies, and invalid data. Exchange data seamlessly Establish a common language for data exchange, no matter the scale or complexity of your project. Define precise validation rules for your data structures to create shared understanding and increase interoperability across different systems and platforms. Document your data Create a clear, standardized representation of your data to improve understanding and collaboration among developers, stakeholders, and collaborators. Vibrant tooling ecosystem Adopt JSON Schema with an expansive range of community-driven tools, libraries, and frameworks across many programming languages. Start learning JSON Schema Read the docs Explore the JSON Schema Ecosystem Discover JSON Schema tooling to help your organization leverage the benefits of JSON Schema. Because JSON Schema is much more than a Specification, it is a vibrant ecosystem of Validators, Generators, Linters, and other JSON Schema Utilities made by this amazing Community. Explore Welcome to the JSON Schema Community With over 60 million weekly downloads, JSON Schema has a large and active developer community across the world. Join the Community to learn, share ideas, ask questions, develop JSON Schema tooling and build new connections. Join the JSON Schema Slack Workspace! Join our Slack to ask questions, get feedback on your projects, and connect with +5000 practitioners and experts. Join Slack The JSON Schema Blog How Oracle is Bridging the Gap Between JSON Schema and Relational Databases As modern multi-model databases increasingly support JSON, it's time to explore what role JSON schema will play. Loïc Lefèvre 2025-02-07 · 22 min read Read more JSON Schema Community Meetings & Events We hold monthly Office Hours and Open Community Working Meetings. Office Hours are every first Tuesday of the month and by appointment. Open Community Working Meetings are every third Monday of the month at 12:00 PT. Open Community Working Meetings Office Hours Upcoming events 6 JSON Schema Office Hours (APAC/Americas) January 6th 2026, 23:00 ( UTC ) 19 JSON Schema Open Community Working Meeting January 19th 2026, 21:00 ( UTC ) 3 JSON Schema Office Hours (Europe/Americas) February 3rd 2026, 15:00 ( UTC ) 16 JSON Schema Open Community Working Meeting February 16th 2026, 21:00 ( UTC ) 3 JSON Schema Office Hours (APAC/Americas) March 3rd 2026, 23:00 ( UTC ) 16 JSON Schema Open Community Working Meeting March 16th 2026, 19:00 ( UTC ) View Calendar Start contributing to JSON Schema Contribute Sponsors If you ❤️ JSON Schema consider becoming a sponsor or a backer . Support us! Gold Sponsors Your logo here Silver Sponsors Your logo here Bronze Sponsors Your logo here Media Partner The JSON Schema Conference is proudly featured on a global platform connecting tech communities with over 250k monthly visitors, helping speakers, organizers, and attendees discover and engage with leading conferences worldwide. Supported by The following companies support us by letting us use their products. Email us for more info! Open Collective Code of Conduct Slack X LinkedIn Youtube GitHub Copyright © 2025 JSON Schema. All rights reserved.