Jumia Expand Your Horizons | Jumia Group | Jumia Group About Us About Us Harnessing technology to make people’s lives easier in Africa What We Do Serving consumers and empowering businesses Locations The countries we serve Leadership Meet our leaders Business Business Jumia is built around three main pillars: Jumia Marketplace, Jumia Logistics and JumiaPay Marketplace Offering goods from a large and diverse group of sellers across a wide range of categories JumiaPay Designed to facilitate online transactions between sellers and consumers Logistics Facilitating the delivery of goods in a convenient and reliable way People People Growing personally and professionally at internet speed Find your Dream Job Jump into an intense and game-changing adventure Faces of Jumia Meet some of our Jumees Press Press What’s going on lately News Follow our latest news from around the World Media Kit Your source of information Contact us Investors Blog Impact The Leading E-commerce Platform in Africa Empower Connect Build 100% Africa, 100% Internet About Jumia A Digital Africa We are the leading pan-African e-commerce platform active across 9 countries in the continent. Our platform consists of a marketplace connecting thousands of sellers to millions of consumers, with integrated logistics and digital payment services. More about business Empower, connect, build At the heart of our success is a group of entrepreneurs who are passionate about Africa and its digital transformation. People Our Commitment Community support Our Impact Sustainability Community Support E-Commerce in Rural Areas of Nigeria October 9, 2025 Rural e-commerce is accelerating in Nigeria, with over half of Jumia orders now coming from secondary cities and remote areas. With over 350 Pickup Stations nationwide and a network of 67 logistics partners, Jumia is expanding access and last-mile efficiency, connecting underserved communities to the digital economy. Download the full report Jumia is a leading e-commerce platform in Africa. Our marketplace is supported by our proprietary logistics business, Jumia Logistics, and our digital payment and fintech platform, JumiaPay. Jumia Logistics enables the seamless delivery of millions of packages while JumiaPay facilitates online payments and the distribution of a broad range of digital and financial services. Follow us on, Linkedin Jumia Group and X @Jumia_Group See more Jumia Ghana Donates Essential Items to Teshie Children's Home September 5, 2025 As part of  our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) efforts, the Jumia Ghana team had the privilege of visiting the Teshie Children's Home to donate essential items in support of the children. What makes this initiative even more special is that the items were funded primarily through donations from our employees, with additional support from the business. Jumia is a leading e-commerce platform in Africa. Our marketplace is supported by our proprietary logistics business, Jumia Logistics, and our digital payment and fintech platform, JumiaPay. Jumia Logistics enables the seamless delivery of millions of packages while JumiaPay facilitates online payments and the distribution of a broad range of digital and financial services. Follow us on, Linkedin Jumia Group and X @Jumia_Group See more Jumia Nigeria Donates Essentials to Children in Makoko Community, Lagos June 20, 2025 As part of our 13th Anniversary campaign, the Jumia Nigeria team delivered joy to the children of Makoko community in Lagos. It was a wonderful opportunity to put smiles on the faces of the kids, and we thank the team from Hope and Support for the Slum Child Initiative for the incredible work they are doing to educate children in underserved areas. Jumia is a leading e-commerce platform in Africa. Our marketplace is supported by our proprietary logistics business, Jumia Logistics, and our digital payment and fintech platform, JumiaPay. Jumia Logistics enables the seamless delivery of millions of packages while JumiaPay facilitates online payments and the distribution of a broad range of digital and financial services. Follow us on, Linkedin Jumia Group and X @Jumia_Group See more More Our Impact Rencontrez Amar Junior Diatta, propriétaire du magasin Jula Meet Chukwuebuka, a Nigerian customer benefiting from e-commerce Jumia Sénégal à Mbour Know more Sustainability Jumia and Spiro launch electric bike delivery in Uganda to reduce CO2 emissions September 22, 2025 Company News Uganda Africa Business Leaders’ Climate Statement November 15, 2022 Company News Jumia partners with e-mobility companies in Ghana for eco-friendly deliveries October 3, 2022 Company News Ghana View more Our latest news Jumia, pilier central du commerce électronique December 3, 2025 Company News Egypt Jumia Resurrected: The Local Playbook Beating Global Giants Across Africa This Holiday Season November 28, 2025 Company News Nigeria Exclusive: Jumia goes from turning point to inflection point in Q3, CEO Dufay says November 13, 2025 Company News Press About Impact Stories Locations Leadership Business Marketplace Logistics JumiaPay People Find your Dream Job Faces of Jumia See all Opportunities Data Privacy Policy Press News Media Kit Contact Us Investors Blog Impact Copyright © 2025 - Jumia Follow Us: Visit our platforms: Algeria Egypt Ghana Ivory Coast Kenya Morocco Nigeria Senegal Uganda Egypt Ghana Ivory Coast Kenya Morocco Nigeria Uganda