Jumpshare: Free File Sharing - Send Large Files, Videos, Photos Online Features Screen Recording Screenshot Capture GIF Capture File Sharing & Collaboration Jumpshare AI Use Cases Sales Marketing Customer Support Product Management Design Engineering Team Collaboration Education Blog Pricing Download Log in Sign up Free Share Your Work & Ideas in Seconds. Visually. Share large files, videos, and screenshots with instantly shareable links. Jumpshare combines file sharing, video recording, and screenshot capture — all in one platform. Get Jumpshare for Free 4.9/5 based on reviews “I use Jumpshare probably 30+ times every day! It’s so helpful,
								I wouldn’t know what to do without it.” Nicolas Scalice Growth Marketer at Earnworthy Trusted by over 1 million users who share their work and ideas visually File Sharing & Collaboration Deliver your work at the Speed of Light Send large files with a link, preview 200+ formats online, and collaborate in real time. Work smarter, keep teams aligned, and finish projects faster. Get to final faster with reviews and approvals Accelerate project delivery by collecting actionable feedback with time-stamped comments and frame-accurate markups in one place. “Jumpshare makes it significantly easier for me to work with
									my team. Instead of trying to describe what I am seeing, I can
									show them.” Will Tams Creative Director at The Collective Spark Preview over 200 file formats online Instantly showcase your work by previewing a wide variety of
									file formats online. Track changes with version history Track every version of your file - complete with their edits, comments and markups. Stay on top with Advanced Analytics Get valuable insights into views, comments, downloads, and
									other activities. Receive files from others quickly Request clients to upload their files directly using Inbox - no sign up required. Screen Recording Get 10x higher engagement and response rates Record videos for sales, marketing, customer support, and team communication to bring clarity. People understand and retain far more information from video than from text. Guide your audience with personalized videos Record your screen in video or GIF instead of writing a thousand
								words. Use screen recording with drawing, webcam, and audio to
								guide others quickly. “Jumpshare has revolutionized how we record videos,
									collaborate with our team, and obtain feedback from clients.
									It’s perfect!” Justin Mitchell Product Designer at SoFriendly Add CTA to turn prospects into customers Encourage action and drive conversion by adding a CTA link to
									your videos. Edit your videos to perfection Seamlessly trim and join videos without the hassle of using
									extra apps. Boost clicks with the perfect thumbnail Capture your audience’s attention with the right thumbnail - static, animated, or custom. See the full picture with engagement insights Understand your audience to boost retention and lead
									generation. Generate leads from every video Convert engaged viewers into high-value leads and grow your sales pipeline. Customize the player to match your brand Personalize the video player with your branding to make it
									your own. Jumpshare AI Supercharge your videos with Jumpshare AI Jumpshare AI will automatically name your video, generate a transcription, write a summary, create chapters, and more. It works like magic. Personalized video titles Increase viewership with highly converting informative titles. Flawless captions and transcriptions Enable all audiences to watch videos with captions &
									transcriptions in 50+ languages. Engaging speaker summaries Connect with your audience with short personalized video
									summaries. Contextual video chapters Break down videos into relevant segments to help your audience
									navigate. Generate docs, emails, and tasks Turn your videos into actionable documents, tailored emails and assignable tasks with AI Actions. Screenshot Capture Goodbye misunderstandings, hello Clarity Take screenshots to give precise feedback, report bugs, showcase
							features, and improve tutorials. Save time and eliminate back and
							forth. Stop typing, start showing Take back your time and avoid misunderstandings. Capture pixel
								perfect screenshots with advanced annotations to share ideas,
								bugs and concepts clearly. “With Jumpshare, communication with my clients takes only a
									fraction of the time and I'm able to get more done without
									writing detailed proposals.” Chris Schaeffer Google Ads Specialist Capture scrolling screenshot Capture content that doesn’t fit your screen like a large
										code, design or chat history. Redact sensitive information Automatically redact emails, passwords, IPs and credit card
										numbers from your screenshots in just one-click. Add beautiful backgrounds Create stunning screenshots for your help docs, newsletters,
										social media, and blog posts. Meet the most advanced screenshot annotation tool Get your message across with a powerful annotation toolkit,
								which includes arrow, text, highlight, blur, focus, magnify, and
								many other tools. Consolidate tools, cut costs, and be more productive No more juggling multiple tools or subscriptions. Jumpshare
								combines all visual communication tools and even more in one
								powerful platform, so you and your team can be more productive
								than ever before. Trusted by over a million users Our users love us and so will you. Here’s what they are saying. 4.9 / 5 based on our user reviews Jumpshare is one of the first apps our team insisted on
								installing on our new laptops. We use it every day to
								communicate internally and with our customers. Dan Corkill CEO at Follow Up Boss Blake Beus App Security at JPMorgan Chase I can't believe that I used to run my business without
									Jumpshare. My clients are VERY impressed that I can quickly
									take videos, GIFs, and screenshots showing them what we need
									to do or give them feedback on project requirements. Qwantel Latay Online Business Manager Jumpshare is one of those "where have you been my whole life"
									tools. They combined tools that I'd been using all into one
									cohesive little network when sharing files. Such a genius
									product, and I hope they stay around forever! Dave Baxter Estate Agent at DBRealty Jumpshare saves me a ton of time and allows me to work on my
									schedule. Customers love getting detailed screencasts from me
									with a call-to-action link for appointments. It's a beautiful
									workflow. You cannot afford to NOT use Jumpshare. Ready to improve your productivity? Get Jumpshare to start sharing better with your teammates and customers today Get Jumpshare Free ©2025 Jumpshare. All Rights Reserved. Features Screen Recording Screenshot Capture GIF Capture File Sharing Jumpshare AI Video Collaboration Audio Recorder Mic Test Webcam Test All Features Use Cases Sales Marketing Customer Support Design Engineering Education Team Collaboration Product Management All Use Cases Download Windows Mac iPhone Apps Learn More Blog Pricing Plus Business File Formats Compare Loom Zight Droplr Dropbox Wistia Vimeo Vidyard Frame.io WeTransfer Support Help Center Terms of Use Privacy Policy DPA (GDPR) Security Contact Us