June Oven: 12-in-1 Countertop Convection Oven Skip to main content June Oven Accessories Recipes Get the App Account Get June June App Membership Tiers Android App Free iOS App Free Premium Recipes iOS + Android Push Notifications Checkmark Checkmark Cook Progress Checkmark Checkmark Remote Control Checkmark Checkmark Live Camera Feed Checkmark Checkmark Temperature Graphs Checkmark Time-Lapse Videos Checkmark Custom Cook-Programs Checkmark Guided Smart Recipes Checkmark Android App Free Checkmark Push Notifications Checkmark Cook Progress Checkmark Remote Control Checkmark Live Camera Feed iOS App Free Checkmark Push Notifications Checkmark Cook Progress Checkmark Remote Control Checkmark Live Camera Feed Checkmark Temperature Graphs Checkmark Time-Lapse Videos Checkmark Custom Cook-Programs Premium Recipes iOS + Android Checkmark Guided Smart Recipes Your Cart Checkout Your cart is empty Go to the June homepage June Oven Accessories Recipes Get the App Go to the June homepage Get June 0 No items in cart Who you calling “oven”? I’m a full countertop smart kitchen with sizzle to spare. See June in Action Transcript Hi, I'm June. Meet your time-saving kitchen companion. June serves up 12 cooking appliances in one magic machine, and it's not much bigger than your microwave. Nice. Get June “June is the magical gadget that actually delivers on its promises.” “I was mesmerized by how well it cooked a variety of foods simply using preset programs.” “The oven works like a convection oven, toaster, air fryer, dehydrator, slow cooker, broiler, and warming drawer.” “It was pretty awesome to slide something into the oven – say a bagel – and have the oven instantly recognize what it was, and suggest how to cook it.” “This is one smart product that lives up to its promise, and we’d be excited to have it in our kitchen.” Proving daily that entire kitchens can be built out of computer code. Convection Oven Twin convection fans double the airflow for faster, more even cooking. Air Fryer The same crispy, finger-licking results with a fraction of the oil? June’s got this. Grill The perfect char marks and doneness aren’t just an outdoor grill’s game. Roaster Tender and juicy on the inside, crisp and caramelized on the outside. Slow Cooker Low, slow and just the way you like it. Your slow cooker won’t miss you, we promise. Dehydrator Healthy and homemade. Who knew so much possibility could fit on your countertop? Toaster June isn’t just some glorified toaster oven. But don’t get us wrong…it still toasts. Reheat Give leftovers a reheat with real heat (and skip the rubbery aftermath of the microwave). Pizza Oven If stone-firing pizza in your own kitchen is wrong, we don't want to be right. Proofer Bread makers and pastry chefs, we just want to get a rise out of you. Get it? Broiler Turning up the heat is one of June’s specialties. Just tap and you shall receive. Warming Drawer Never get left in the cold again. June keeps food warm without worry. Your questions, answered. Learn more about life with June. Is a June Oven worth the price? Let’s do the Meal Math Will a June Oven fit in my kitchen? The Countertop Conundrum Your first 30 days with June. Welcome to June All Year Long June thinks like a chef and cooks like one too. 400+ guided smart recipes created by professional chefs and synced to your June. June thinks like a chef and cooks like one too. 400+ guided smart recipes created by professional chefs and synced to your June. Hassles have no place in this kitchen. Grab your appetite and leave the kitchen chaos behind. June gets delicious done, and then some. Get June Roasted Chicken A complete family dinner in one pan Salmon & Green Beans Exciting new meals in minutes Spaghetti & Meatballs All without boiling a drop of water Air-Fried Chicken Perfectly crisp and stovetop splatter free Hard Boiled Eggs It’s not magic. It’s June. Breakfast Sandwich Café quality at home, for less My friends call me “smart.” I prefer the term “genius.” June intelligently recognizes what’s cooking and helps you make it better. It’s why the cook masters at Weber® use June technology in their grills and smokers. Next stop: your kitchen. WeberLogo Open popup Food ID June doesn’t just cook food. It recognizes it, counts it, and configures the ideal auto cook program using our award-winning Food ID. Open popup Virtual Rotisserie June takes zone-style cooking above, beyond, around and around with individual control over each of its six heating elements. Open popup Auto Alerts Not only does June send an alert when your food is finished cooking, but it also sends one about a minute before so you have time to get to the kitchen. Open popup HD Camera June's internal wide-angle lens captures all the action inside your smart oven so you can see live footage of what’s cooking. Food ID June doesn’t just cook food. It recognizes it, counts it, and configures the ideal auto cook program using our award-winning Food ID. June’s HD camera “sees” your food and uses a sophisticated on-device network to identify it and make suggestions to get you cooking in just one tap. Why yes, June. Those ARE green beans. Let’s do this. Virtual Rotisserie June takes zone-style cooking above, beyond, around and around with individual control over each of its six heating elements. It can even become a virtual rotisserie that rotates heat around your food for perfectly even cooking without the mess or moving mechanisms of a traditional rotisserie. Auto Alerts Not only does June send an alert when your food is finished cooking, but it also sends one about a minute before so you have time to get to the kitchen. And since June uses internal food temperatures instead of simple timers, you only get the alert when your food is cooked perfectly. No more running back and forth to check. HD Camera June’s internal HD camera is engineered to withstand temperatures up to 500°F. The wide-angle lens captures all the action inside your smart oven so you can see live footage of what’s cooking, geek out on your post-session time-lapse videos, and experience our hyper-intelligent Food ID feature. The June App Happiness is a weeknight without worry. Remote preheat + adjust time and temp from anywhere. Keep an eye on what’s cooking with live video. Get smart alerts for your mealtime ETA. Access hundreds of guided smart recipes for every occasion. Get the App FREE download for basic access. Pro Partners Whole Foods. Trader Joe’s. Trained chefs. June’s recipe writing roster reads like a who’s who of culinary pros. Alexa compatible “Alexa, preheat June to 350.” Amazon is a June investor, so of course Alexa is just one hands-free command away. Automatic updates June doesn’t know the meaning of out-of-date. WiFi connectivity auto-updates with the latest features. June logo June Products June Oven Accessories Recipes Technology Get the App Support Payments & Billing Shipping & Returns FAQ Help Center Legal Privacy Terms Shipping Policy Licenses Security Company About Us Contact Careers Updates Media Kit Accessibility Statement Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Pinterest LinkedIn Get fresh recipes + more in your inbox. Website Email Address Sign Up PayPal ©2025 June Life, Inc. Get Help