Secure Your Data with JungleDisk Backup Solution Skip to content Complete Backup Sign Up User Login MSP Login Complete Backup Sign Up User Login MSP Login Features Industries Pricing Contact Features Industries Pricing Contact SIGN UP Login User Login MSP Login Login User Login MSP Login The trusted backup and recovery solution for your cybersecurity framework JungleDisk makes it easy to back up and recover data from employee devices and in-house servers, whether your team is working in the office, remotely, or on the go. Our proven solution protects critical data, simplifies IT management, and keeps your business running during device failure, data loss, or ransomware attacks. Request Demo Features Smarter Storage Efficiency Our compression and de-duplication technology reduces backup sizes by up to 30%, helping you save on storage costs without sacrificing performance. Certified Security & Compliance Military-grade AES-256 encryption secures your data, while our platform supports PCI, HIPAA, and other compliance requirements to meet regulatory needs. Isolated Backup Vaults Separate backup vaults provide granular access control, so your data stays protected and organized by team, device, or department. Trusted Infrastructure Your data is stored in world-class, audited data centers across AWS and Google Cloud Platform that are purpose-built for redundancy, uptime, and peace of mind. Customer-Owned Encryption Keys Only you hold the keys. With end-to-end encryption and zero-knowledge architecture, JungleDisk ensures complete privacy and control. Trusted by over 25,000 customers to provide personalized service for digital record protection World-class technology and unrivalled support Plugs into your cybersecurity framework Advanced technology for top-tier information security, and great for collaboration and remote or home working too. See Features Total support for cybersecurity We get it! B’n’R is a keystone of a reliable cybersecurity framework for your customers, and we’re with you on that journey, every step of the way. Our Proven Process Our Proven Process brings you onboard, deploys, and monitors, to drive quality management and power mutual success. © 2025 CyberFortress. All rights reserved. Features Backup & Cloud Storage Jungle Disk Pricing Solutions Industry Regulatory Compliance Microsoft OneDrive Backup FAQs Resources Downloads Terms of Service Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Knowledge Base Contact Support +1 (855) 456-0332 support@cyberfortress.com Support Portal Contact Sales +1 (855) 456-0332 sales@cyberfortress.com REQUEST DEMO