Jungle Scout | Amazon Data for Brands, Retailers & Financial Services Solutions chevron_right Brands & Enterprises Market Research Brand Management Campaign Optimization New & Growing Sellers Start on Amazon Grow on Amazon Products chevron_right Brands & Enterprises Jungle Scout Cobalt Amazon Intelligence for Large Brands Jungle Scout Cloud Scalable Data Delivery & Insights Jungle Scout Consult Executive-Level Custom Reporting New & Growing Sellers Jungle Scout Catalyst Start & Scale on Amazon Jungle Scout Extension Validate product ideas on Amazon Pricing Resources chevron_right Reports 2025 State of the Amazon Seller Report Amazon Innovation Report Innovation on Amazon became a battleground in 2025. See which brands broke through and the strategies reshaping growth. Get the report arrow_forward Learn Reports Webinars Blog Amazon Seller Week Million Dollar Case Study How to Sell on Amazon All Resources Free Tools Profit Calculator Sales Estimator Support Help Center What's New search | Log In Login to Jungle Scout Cobalt Login to Jungle Scout Catalyst Get a Demo Get a Demo menu search chevron_left Back close Solutions chevron_right Products chevron_right Pricing Resources chevron_right What's New Brands & Enterprises Market Research Brand Management Campaign Optimization New & Growing Sellers Start on Amazon Grow on Amazon Brands & Enterprises Jungle Scout Cobalt Amazon Intelligence for Large Brands Jungle Scout Cloud Scalable Data Delivery & Insights Jungle Scout Consult Executive-Level Custom Reporting New & Growing Sellers Jungle Scout Catalyst Start & Scale on Amazon Jungle Scout Extension Validate product ideas on Amazon Reports 2025 State of the Amazon Seller Report Learn Reports Webinars Blog Amazon Seller Week Million Dollar Case Study How to Sell on Amazon All Resources Free Tools Profit Calculator Sales Estimator Support Help Center Get a Demo Login to Jungle Scout Cobalt Login to Jungle Scout Catalyst New features built to fuel your next wave of innovation. See what’s new Webinar: Join us January 8 to see how top brands use the Innovation Scorecard to fuel faster growth in 2026. Save your spot. The benchmark for  Amazon intelligence. The deepest 3P and 1P Amazon data at your fingertips—powering brand performance, campaign optimization and market research. Get a Demo New Seller? Tour Jungle Scout Cobalt arrow_forward The deepest 3P and 1P Amazon data at your fingertips—powering brand performance, campaign optimization and market research. LARGE BRANDS Book Cobalt Demo AMAZON sellers View Catalyst Plans Industry-leading data for industry-leading brands From insight to impact – fast You can’t win what you can’t see. Use our framework to fuel insights-led growth on your Amazon channel and beyond. Ignoring 1P/3P performance visibility leads to blind spots in growth strategy De-risk your pricing strategy, understanding price sensitivity, elasticity and pricing power Overlooking white space leads to stalled product innovation Neglecting campaign optimization resulting in wasted spend and weakened returns Brands don’t grow from guesswork Win—and keep—market share with insights from the world’s largest e-commerce channel. Jungle Scout equips teams with the most comprehensive shopper trends, market intelligence, and advertising optimization to unlock retail performance across every channel. WHO WE SERVE: Major brands Agencies Retailers Data providers Growing sellers MARKET RESEARCH Identify ground-gaining opportunities Benchmark your brand, measure marketplace performance, defend your position and enact data-driven growth strategies. Over half of 1P sellers also sell 3P, leveraging data for innovation, assortment and pricing power. Market Research BRAND MANAGEMENT Harness Amazon’s brand marketing power Amazon is more than a marketplace—it’s where 56% of shoppers begin their search. Take control by eliminating unauthorized sellers, securing the Buy Box, and enhancing your brand with shopper-centric content. Brand Management CAMPAIGN OPTIMIZATION Earn more sales, win on shelf and measure effectively What happens on Amazon influences every channel. Optimize advertising when shoppers are most likely to buy and bulletproof your keyword strategy based on real-time consumer demand and market shifts. Campaign Optimization SMALL BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Identify opportunities, launch products and kickstart your brand Whether you’re looking to break into FBA with your first product, or scale your small business to new heights, we can help. Do keyword research, uncover profitable product ideas, automate reviews, optimize listings and more. First-time seller Growing businesses On average, brands using Cobalt grew Amazon revenue 28% year over year. 600M+ Products tracked 1 M+ Amazon sellers served 10 yrs of Amazon 3P data Get a Demo ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS The most comprehensive toolkit for major brands and agencies Our industry-leading product suite is more powerful than ever – providing Amazon enterprise  brands, retailers, and agencies with the data-driven insights they need to succeed in the world’s largest marketplace. Your end-to-end Amazon data growth engine Jungle Scout empowers brands to unlock new revenue by delivering a more complete view of the Amazon landscape with 3P data, driving actionable insights across 3 major growth levers: market research, brand management, and campaign optimization. Explore Cobalt Big data from the world’s largest marketplace – tailored your way Ingest millions of Amazon data points through the collection and reporting tools of your choice. Visualize, optimize and integrate data into your omnichannel sales strategy. Get data delivered Drive rapid growth with tailored amazon reporting Get executive-level reporting and strategic advice on Amazon – done for you. By leveraging tailored guidance and insights, brands can enhance their Amazon presence and competitiveness. Get custom insights SELLER SOLUTIONS Start selling with confidence Jungle Scout’s seller tools have been the go-to for new and growing Amazon sellers for 10 years. Let us help you learn, launch and grow. Your Amazon selling command center Leverage Jungle Scout’s industry-leading product research, keyword demand, supplier database, and review automation tools to start and manage your Amazon business with ease. Explore Catalyst SMB solutions Infinitely customizable insights Build infinite tools and resources using endpoints from Jungle Scout Catalyst’s robust Amazon intelligence data, including data like: keyword search estimates, share of voice, estimated sales, and pricing trends. Leverage the most accurate data Competitive Intelligence – part of the Catalyst Brand Owner plan 1M+ sellers and brands trust Jungle Scout I love Review Automation. I started using Jungle Scout’s Review Automation tool in January with 335 reviews. 7 months later, I currently have over 2,000 reviews! Kim M. , Click & Carry “Without Jungle Scout, there would have been a 0% chance I would go on to start a life changing and successful Amazon FBA business…” Dan Vas Jungle Scout is an absolute MUST. It truly is the most user-friendly and useful tool for Amazon sellers. Tatiana James star star star star star 5 chevron_left chevron_right Industry news and resources All resources STATE OF THE AMAZON SELLER Goals, challenges, and strategies for selling on Amazon in 2025. Read the report > REPORT Which Amazon categories are the best (and worst) to sell in? Explore our findings > CATEGORY INSIGHTS Find out what’s driving sales in Amazon’s Beauty category. See the trends > DATA GUIDE Navigate Amazon’s data complexities to fuel success. Get the data > REPORT Consumer Shopping Trends in 2025 Learn more > Accelerate channel growth now Get started with our small seller solutions or connect with the Jungle Scout team today to strengthen your e-commerce strategy with Amazon data. Get a Demo Accelerate your Amazon business today! Brands & Enterprises Jungle Scout Cobalt Jungle Scout Cloud Jungle Scout Consult Book a demo New & Growing Sellers Jungle Scout Catalyst Jungle Scout SMB API Jungle Scout Extension Plans and Pricing Resources All Resources Blog Reports Help Center Company About Us Leadership Press Careers Partners Program Contact Us language USA France Deutschland Italia España 中国 Privacy Center Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved