Solutions
chevron_right
Brands & Enterprises
Market Research
Brand Management
Campaign Optimization
New & Growing Sellers
Start on Amazon
Grow on Amazon
Products
chevron_right
Brands & Enterprises
Jungle Scout Cobalt

Amazon Intelligence for Large Brands

Jungle Scout Cloud

Scalable Data Delivery & Insights

Jungle Scout Consult

Executive-Level Custom Reporting

New & Growing Sellers
Jungle Scout Catalyst

Start & Scale on Amazon

Jungle Scout Extension

Validate product ideas on Amazon

Pricing
Resources
chevron_right
Reports
2025 State of the Amazon Seller Report

Amazon Innovation Report

Innovation on Amazon became a battleground in 2025. See which brands broke through and the strategies reshaping growth.

Get the report
arrow_forward
Learn
Reports
Webinars
Blog
Amazon Seller Week
Million Dollar Case Study
How to Sell on Amazon
All Resources
Free Tools
Profit Calculator
Sales Estimator
Support
Help Center
What's New
search
|
Log In
Login to Jungle Scout Cobalt
Login to Jungle Scout Catalyst
Get a Demo
Webinar: Join us January 8 to see how top brands use the Innovation Scorecard to fuel faster growth in 2026. Save your spot.
The benchmark for  Amazon intelligence.

The deepest 3P and 1P Amazon data at your fingertips—powering brand performance, campaign optimization and market research.

Get a Demo
New Seller?
Tour Jungle Scout Cobalt
arrow_forward

Industry-leading data for industry-leading brands

From insight to impact – fast

You can’t win what you can’t see. Use our framework to fuel insights-led growth on your Amazon channel and beyond.

Ignoring 1P/3P performance visibility leads to blind spots in growth strategy

De-risk your pricing strategy, understanding price sensitivity, elasticity and pricing power

Overlooking white space leads to stalled product innovation

Neglecting campaign optimization resulting in wasted spend and weakened returns

Brands don’t grow from guesswork

Win—and keep—market share with insights from the world’s largest e-commerce channel.
Jungle Scout equips teams with the most comprehensive shopper trends, market intelligence, and advertising optimization to unlock retail performance across every channel.

WHO WE SERVE:

Major brands

Agencies

Growing sellers

Identify ground-gaining opportunities

Benchmark your brand, measure marketplace performance, defend your position and enact data-driven growth strategies. Over half of 1P sellers also sell 3P, leveraging data for innovation, assortment and pricing power.

Market Research

Harness Amazon’s brand marketing power

Amazon is more than a marketplace—it’s where 56% of shoppers begin their search. Take control by eliminating unauthorized sellers, securing the Buy Box, and enhancing your brand with shopper-centric content.

Brand Management

Earn more sales, win on shelf and measure effectively

What happens on Amazon influences every channel. Optimize advertising when shoppers are most likely to buy and bulletproof your keyword strategy based on real-time consumer demand and market shifts.

Campaign Optimization

On average, brands using Cobalt grew Amazon revenue 28% year over year.

600M+

Products tracked

1 M+

Amazon sellers served

10 yrs

of Amazon 3P data

Get a Demo

ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS

The most comprehensive toolkit for major brands and agencies

Our industry-leading product suite is more powerful than ever – providing Amazon enterprise  brands, retailers, and agencies with the data-driven insights they need to succeed in the world’s largest marketplace.

Your end-to-end Amazon data growth engine

Jungle Scout empowers brands to unlock new revenue by delivering a more complete view of the Amazon landscape with 3P data, driving actionable insights across 3 major growth levers: market research, brand management, and campaign optimization.

Explore Cobalt

Big data from the world’s largest marketplace – tailored your way

Ingest millions of Amazon data points through the collection and reporting tools of your choice. Visualize, optimize and integrate data into your omnichannel sales strategy.

Get data delivered

Drive rapid growth with tailored amazon reporting

Get executive-level reporting and strategic advice on Amazon – done for you. By leveraging tailored guidance and insights, brands can enhance their Amazon presence and competitiveness.

Get custom insights

SELLER SOLUTIONS

Start selling with confidence

Jungle Scout’s seller tools have been the go-to for new and growing Amazon sellers for 10 years. Let us help you learn, launch and grow.

Your Amazon selling command center

Leverage Jungle Scout’s industry-leading product research, keyword demand, supplier database, and review automation tools to start and manage your Amazon business with ease.

Explore Catalyst SMB solutions
1M+ sellers and brands trust Jungle Scout

I love Review Automation. I started using Jungle Scout’s Review Automation tool in January with 335 reviews. 7 months later, I currently have over 2,000 reviews!

Kim M., Click & Carry

“Without Jungle Scout, there would have been a 0% chance I would go on to start a life changing and successful Amazon FBA business…”

Dan Vas

Jungle Scout is an absolute MUST. It truly is the most user-friendly and useful tool for Amazon sellers.

Tatiana James

I love Review Automation. I started using Jungle Scout’s Review Automation tool in January with 335 reviews. 7 months later, I currently have over 2,000 reviews!

Kim M., Click & Carry

“Without Jungle Scout, there would have been a 0% chance I would go on to start a life changing and successful Amazon FBA business…”

Dan Vas

Jungle Scout is an absolute MUST. It truly is the most user-friendly and useful tool for Amazon sellers.

Tatiana James

I love Review Automation. I started using Jungle Scout’s Review Automation tool in January with 335 reviews. 7 months later, I currently have over 2,000 reviews!

Kim M., Click & Carry

“Without Jungle Scout, there would have been a 0% chance I would go on to start a life changing and successful Amazon FBA business…”

Dan Vas

Jungle Scout is an absolute MUST. It truly is the most user-friendly and useful tool for Amazon sellers.

Tatiana James

chevron_left
chevron_right
Industry news and resources
All resources

STATE OF THE AMAZON SELLER

Goals, challenges, and strategies for selling on Amazon in 2025.

Read the report >

REPORT

Which Amazon categories are the best (and worst) to sell in?

Explore our findings >

CATEGORY INSIGHTS

Find out what’s driving sales in Amazon’s Beauty category.

See the trends >

DATA GUIDE

Navigate Amazon’s data complexities to fuel success.

Get the data >

REPORT

Consumer Shopping Trends in 2025

Learn more >

Accelerate channel growth now

Get started with our small seller solutions or connect with the Jungle Scout team today to strengthen your e-commerce strategy with Amazon data.

Get a Demo
Accelerate your Amazon business today!
 
BRANDS & ENTERPRISES

Jungle Scout Cobalt

Jungle Scout Cloud

Jungle Scout Consult

Book a demo

NEW & GROWING SELLERS

Jungle Scout Catalyst

Jungle Scout SMB API

Jungle Scout Extension

Plans and Pricing

RESOURCES

All Resources

Blog

Reports

Help Center

COMPANY

About Us

Leadership

Press

Careers

Partners Program

Contact Us

language
USA
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies