Juniper.net is transitioning to HPE.com — One home for all networking innovation. Read More >>

Contact us
Log in
 
Solutions
Products
Services
Partners
Support and Documentation
Learn
Take me to HPE.com
HPE + Juniper: Leading the convergence of AI and networking

Juniper Networks is now part of HPE. Together, we're building industry-leading, secure, AI-native networks – purpose-built with and for AI. As AI and networking converge, we're driving a bold transformation across enterprises, service providers, and cloud operators.

Read the press release
 
Mist AI


Strengthen every connection with an AI-native, self-driving network that continuously learns, adapts, and resolves issues in real time—delivering more reliable performance at scale.

Read More 
When your network is built for AI, your business can be too

AIOps: No more frustrated IT

Get visibility into every corner of your network. Prevent bad connections before they begin. Better protect from the remote edge to the data center.

Explore AI for network operations

AI-ready infrastructure

Handle and secure your ever-scaling AI workloads. Run complex AI training, inference, and storage networks clusters with ease.

Explore networking for AI workloads
Marvis AI

Transform how your team interacts with enterprise networks. A single AI network assistant provides end-to-end visibility and proactive operations across all enterprise domains—from campus and branch to data center.

Meet Marvis 
 
Locked in, overpaying, underwhelmed?
Only Juniper has the AI-Native cure.

No other vendor is driving innovation and setting new standards for AI in networking like Juniper Networks. We’re redefining the category and taking our industry-leading customers along for the ride. Up to 90% fewer trouble tickets? Check. 85% lower OpEx? You got it. Exceptional experiences that make you the IT hero? Welcome aboard. 

Don’t miss this head-to-head comparison between us and the “competition.” And then prepare to transform your networking experiences from ordinary to exceptional.

Compare and contrast
CUSTOMERS
ServiceNow: Exceeding customer expectations

With Mist, ServiceNow is enhancing data center configurations and speeding up response times for agents and chatbots.

 

See their story

1:39

Customers
See everywhere Juniper is positioned in the Gartner Magic Quadrant™

Our AI breakthroughs have been recognized across the industry. Our business impact is measured by the exceptional experiences we deliver.

See all our awards >>

Enterprise Wired & Wireless LAN Infrastructure

Leader in 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure for the fifth consecutive time.

Get this Gartner® report 

Data Center Switching

Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™

View this Gartner® report 

Data Center Switching

Ranked first for Enterprise Data Center Network in the 2025 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Data Center Switching Report

See this Gartner® report 
LATEST NEWS
Juniper in the News
BLOG
Our next era as HPE Networking

Juniper is now officially in its next era, as part of HPE. The combination of our companies offers customers an industry-leading comprehensive, secure IT portfolio including a complete, modern networking stack.

Read Rami's blog
PRESS RELEASE
HPE accelerates self-driving network operations with new Mist agentic AI-native innovations

HPE today announced major innovations to its HPE Juniper Networking portfolio, advancing its AI-native Mist platform to deliver agentic AIOps through more autonomous, intelligent and proactive network operations.  

Keep reading
BLOG POST
Future-proof your enterprise with AI-native networking

Discover the benefits of investing in a diversified wireless asset portfolio that’s actively managed by AI, hedged against operational risk, and designed to deliver predictable, measurable returns across every single part of your enterprise.

Read the story
BLOG POST
The SSR400 router: Extending the power of AI-native networking to your branches

When we talk about the power of AI-native networking, we're talking about delivering an unparalleled user experience everywhere, starting at the branch. Our new SSR400 Session Smart™ Router is purpose-built to bring the full power of the AI-native SD-WAN to your distributed enterprise.

Continue reading
Juniper global sites

Visit us anytime:

Americas
Brazil - Português
Mexico - Español
United States - English
Asia Pacific
China - 中文
Japan - 日本語
Korea - 한국어
Europe and Middle East
France - Français
Germany - Deutsch
Israel - English
Italy - Italiano
The Netherlands - Nederlands
Spain - Español
United Kingdom - English

Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure, Mike Leibovitz, Christian Canales, Nauman Raja, Tim Zimmerman 25 June 2025.

Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Data Center Switching, Andrew Lerner, Simon Richard, et al., 31 March 2025

Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.

This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Juniper Networks.

Company
About us
Careers
Corporate responsibility
Newsroom
Investor relations
Contact us
Popular resources
Events
Blogs
Community
Image library
Manage email preferences
Sitemap
Partner login
Privacy Legal DMCA policy Do not sell or share my personal information Feedback Report a vulnerability Cookie Preferences

© 1999 - 2025 Juniper Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.

Scroll to top 

We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your localized experience, analyze usage, and advertise.
OK Cookie Settings

Privacy Policy