Junip | Reviews for products worth talking about Sign up Customers Pricing Integrations Blog Sign in Sign up Help customers understand your products Get more reviews from customers with mobile first submissions & unlimited requests. Use reviews across storefront, search & social. Get started for free No credit card required. Get way more reviews from your customers Junip boasts an industry-leading review submission rate per order. Send review requests for free with no order limit. Send smarter review requests with no usage limit Automatically request reviews at the right time and on the best channels. Plus, optimize your flow with order tracking and messaging integrations. Collect reviews in more places Allow customers to leave reviews at natural points in their journey. Make reviewing feel effortless Capture more reviews, photos, and videos with step-by-step forms thoughtfully designed and purpose built for mobile. Start gathering reviews → “ Junip is by far the best review platform we've used. The ease of integration with Shopify/Klaviyo is a breeze, and the ability to customize the end user experience is super flexible. Above all else, the customer support is the best I've experienced. If you're considering switching from another platform, do it and don't look back! ” Trey Sisson Founder @ Baboon to the Moon Read more testimonals Boost customer confidence and increase conversions Help shoppers better understand your products on every sales channel. Showcase reviews seamlessly on your site Add Junip's minimalist widgets to your homepage, product pages and more in just a few clicks. Quick, no-code installation Media galleries and reviews carousel Fully customizable CSS Built for speed Add reviews to your site → Sync reviews across sales channels Leverage your product reviews on Google Shopping, Meta Shops, and more key channels. All the functionality you need, without the price tag See plan breakdown → Photos and videos Automatically collect 3x more photos & videos than alternative platforms. Mobile first forms 85% of reviews are submitted on mobile - Junip makes submissions simple. Automated moderation Let our team watch out for spam, fraudulent & inappropriate reviews. Custom questions & attributes Personalize your review experience with custom questions & product attributes. Respond to reviews Engage reviewers with public review replies. Customer editing Encourage updates when problems are solved. Multi-store management Manage multiple storefronts & share reviews within your organization. Analytics Powerful analytics keep you informed on reviews & how you’re gathering. API & Dev tools Build for complex display & business use cases with our API. Review tagging Organize your reviews to easily find and leverage them later. Search and filter reviews Make it easy for your customers to find reviews that are most relevant to them. Product groups Sync reviews for bundled products and identical product listings. Get unlimited usage on every plan Don’t get charged for succeeding. Only pay for the features you need. Free plan Gather and display unlimited reviews Access our basic functionality for free with no monthly order limits. $0 Sign up free Paid Plans Unlock advanced functionality Unlimited orders & requests on all plans. Display on external channels, group products, connect with marketing tools & get in-depth reporting. Starting at $29 USD per month Compare all plans Over 5000 of the fastest-growing brands use Junip to gather and display reviews Get started for free Have questions? Our team is here to help For pre-sales questions, support, or anything else get in touch & we'll respond right away. Contact us → Subscribe to our newsletter for product updates, tips from our team, announcements and more. Junip is continuously improving. Subscribe to stay in the loop. Subscribe → Thanks for subscribing! Oops! Something went wrong, please try again Powering customer reviews for over 5000 growing ecommerce brands. Product Integrations Customers Pricing Partners Resources Knowledge base Developers Blog Updates Move from Yotpo Move from Stamped Company Contact Careers Made in Canada 🇨🇦 Legal Copyright 2025 , Junip Inc. All rights reserved.