Juniper Research: Experts in Fintech, Telecoms & IoT Markets Call Us: +44 1256 830 001 Email Us: info@juniperresearch.com Looking for research? Login/Register Sign in or Register Sign In Register First Name Last Name Phone Number Job Title Company Name Email Password Password Strength Confirm Password Mailing lists We will never share your information with third parties. I would like to be kept up-to-date with the latest reports, whitepapers and webinars I would like to be sent the latest headlines and press releases I would like to be kept up-to-date on the Future Digital Awards programme Register Forgotten password Sign in Reset password Enter the email address for the account you wish to reset. Reset password Notifications No new notifications Research Data Fintech Market Data Telecommunications Market Data Smart Cities & Sustainability Data IoT & Emerging Technology Data harvest Online Data Platform Services Consulting & Strategic Advisory Services Content & Media Marketing Services Competitor Leaderboards Future Leaders Index Market Intelligence Subscriptions Awards Fintech & Payments Awards Smart Cities & IoT Innovation Awards Telco Innovation Awards Resources Blog Competitor Directory Events Free Research Infographics The Distillery Newsletter Videos Press About Our Team Client Stories Careers Contact Contact Us Request a Briefing Login/Register Basket Call Us Search Juniper Research Search Cart There are currently no items in your cart. Subscriptions Card Payments Connectivity Consumer Payments Customer Interaction Technologies Fraud & Security Messaging & CPaaS Roaming About Our Team Terms & Conditions Contact Best-in-class market research, forecasting & consulting for fintech, telecoms & IoT markets Search aml systems NETWORK API MARKET digital identity market global roaming FEATURED RESEARCH AI Agents for Customer Experience Platforms Explore how AI agents are becoming the new interface for customer experience with our latest research suite; charting the technologies, adoption trends, and vendors shaping this fast-moving market. Read More FEATURED RESEARCH eCommerce Fraud Prevention Track the next phase of eCommerce fraud with our new research suite; mapping new threat patterns, market momentum, and the prevention platforms setting the pace in digital risk management. Read More FEATURED RESEARCH eSIMs & iSIMs See how eSIMs and iSIMs are reshaping the future of connected hardware with our latest research suite; charting the impact of new standards, the surge in IoT demand, and the platforms driving the shift to fully embedded connectivity. Read More FEATURED RESEARCH Modern Card Issuing Platforms Explore how API-driven platforms are transforming card issuance with our modern card issuing research suite; offering deep insights into market growth, emerging trends, and the providers redefining how banks and fintechs launch and scale card programmes. Read More Clarity & insight for today's markets Vision & foresight for tomorrow's opportunities We specialise in identifying and appraising new high-growth market sectors within the digital ecosystem. Market sizing and forecasting are the cornerstones of our offering, together with competitive analysis, strategic assessment and business modelling. We endeavour to provide independent and impartial analysis of both current and emerging opportunities via a team of dedicated specialists - all knowledgeable, experienced and experts in their field. “Juniper Research’s reports are always based on in-depth market studies and include invaluable insights. We rely on these reports for our internal market studies and have helped us gain a competitive advantage in the industry. It has been extremely beneficial to work with a reliable and trusted partner, whose team displays constant professionalism and dedication.” Monty Mobile "Juniper Research's data and industry insights are invaluable to TrafficGuard. Their research findings support our efforts to inform prospects and customers, strengthen our thought leadership position, and stay ahead of market trends in the ad fraud prevention space." TrafficGuard "Juniper Research's in-depth industry insights and forward-thinking analysis have been helpful to better understand the telecom ecosystem and learn about new market trends. Its expertise and commitment to delivering relevant, actionable data perfectly align with our goals, making them a trusted partner in navigating the ever-evolving digital landscape." Digital Virgo “Juniper Research is a highly professional and efficient organisation. Their deep expertise and timely insights, particularly in fintech and payments, have consistently delivered exceptional value to the industry. We hope that Juniper Research will continue to expand its influence, driving innovation and excellence in the sector." Huawei “I find Juniper Research's reports to be both extremely accurate and helpful. The market reports are regularly updated to provide relevant and current information, while their analyses of emerging market segments provide food for thought on the changing dynamics.” BICS “We use Juniper Research because we trust the quality and level of its research. They help us to understand our markets better; enabling us to effectively talk about growth, market size and the opportunity the digital identity industry presents." Truvity "Juniper Research's industry data has been very useful for us to help sustain our growth and strengthen our position as a key player in the business communications space. It provided easy access to information that has helped guide us in identifying opportunities where we can best provide value and enablement to our customers." m360 "We've worked with Juniper Research for many years and have found them to be extremely knowledgeable and responsive. We believe their  research has been instrumental in helping define the challenges consumers and businesses face when it comes to robocalls, call spoofing, branded calling and call authentication, and have found their reports to be underpinned by valuable, data-driven insights." TransUnion “This type of granular, up to date intelligence is critical for our business as the telecoms industry continues to evolve at pace. The Juniper Research team are highly professional and willing to assist, for example when we wanted to deep dive into one of their reports, the analyst was made available to us, no matter what help we needed.” Nextgen Clearing “Chargeback Gurus have had the pleasure of working with Juniper Research on a number of projects over the years, including producing two groundbreaking reports related to the chargeback industry. The whole team is responsive, insightful, and professional.” Chargeback Gurus "As one of the only firms with an in-depth focus on the account-to-account payments landscape, Juniper Research's independently evaluated research and analysis are essential resources. Its reports consistently provide critical insights, and we are proud to be featured in their research. Juniper Research's expertise truly establishes them as a leading authority in the payments space." Token.io “Juniper Research’s team has been invaluable in helping us strengthen our position in the digital identity space. Thanks to their insights, we now have more tools and data to offer a tailored service to our clients, significantly enhancing their satisfaction. Their work truly drives our success.” Infocert “Our collaboration with Juniper Research has been incredibly valuable. Their research aligns with our strategic goals and supports our efforts to remain at the forefront of digital payment innovations. We appreciate the professionalism and expertise that their team brings to our ongoing partnership.” OpenWay Research Explore our extensive library of digital technology market research. Research Our research enables our clients to better understand their current and potential markets, providing invaluable strategic guidance and competitive advantage. With enterprise-wide licencing as standard, your whole team can benefit from our expert industry analysis on the latest market trends, opportunities and competitive landscape. Fintech & Payments Telco & Connectivity Sustainability & Smart Cities IoT & Emerging Technology Data We provide over 6 million market statistics across 60 key countries, 8 key regions and more than 90 Fintech, Telco and IoT sectors. Data Market sizing and forecasting is in our DNA. We give the clearest and deepest view of your markets through extensive datasets, interactive interrogation tools and written reports to provide context and clarity behind the numbers. With over 6 million datapoints and counting, covering 60 of the world's top economies across more than 90 Fintech, Telco and IoT sectors, you can be sure to find the market statistics you need to power your decision-making. Fintech Market Data Telco Market Data Smart Cities Market Data Work with us We have a strong track record of delivering quality content and support for our clients' individual needs. Work with us Whether you need a custom market forecast, or a global survey of business leaders or customers, or you want to generate leads and engage your customers with a free report or webinar, consider working with Juniper Research. Our team are ready to help you with a bespoke package of deliverables, whatever your needs. Consulting & Strategic Advisory Services Content & Media Marketing Services Competitor Leaderboards Future Leaders Index Market Intelligence Subscription Resources Our free resources provide some of our key research findings in a variety of formats. Resources Get a flavour of our full research findings through our library of free resources. From whitepaper reports to infographics, you can gain a quick understanding of the overall market picture. Register a free website account to unlock our full range of free content. Blog Competitor Directory Free Research The Distillery Newsletter Events Infographics Videos Research Our research enables our clients to better understand their current and potential markets, providing invaluable strategic guidance and competitive advantage. With enterprise-wide licencing as standard, your whole team can benefit from our expert industry analysis on the latest market trends, opportunities and competitive landscape. Fintech & Payments Telco & Connectivity Sustainability & Smart Cities IoT & Emerging Technology Data Market sizing and forecasting is in our DNA. We give the clearest and deepest view of your markets through extensive datasets, interactive interrogation tools and written reports to provide context and clarity behind the numbers. With over 6 million datapoints and counting, covering 60 of the world's top economies across more than 90 Fintech, Telco and IoT sectors, you can be sure to find the market statistics you need to power your decision-making. Fintech Market Data Telco Market Data Smart Cities Market Data Work with us Whether you need a custom market forecast, or a global survey of business leaders or customers, or you want to generate leads and engage your customers with a free report or webinar, consider working with Juniper Research. Our team are ready to help you with a bespoke package of deliverables, whatever your needs. Consulting & Strategic Advisory Services Content & Media Marketing Services Competitor Leaderboards Future Leaders Index Market Intelligence Subscription Resources Get a flavour of our full research findings through our library of free resources. From whitepaper reports to infographics, you can gain a quick understanding of the overall market picture. Register a free website account to unlock our full range of free content. Blog Competitor Directory Free Research The Distillery Newsletter Events Infographics Videos Latest research, whitepapers & press releases Research Whitepapers Press releases Report December 2025 Molly Gatford AI Agents for Customer Experience Platforms Market: 2025-2030 Our comprehensive AI Agents for Customer Experience Platforms research suite comprises detailed assessment of a market that is set to disrupt mobile communications. It provides stakeholders with insight into the key opportunities within the AI agents for customer experience platforms market over the next two years. VIEW Report December 2025 Fintech & Payments Shane O'Sullivan eCommerce Fraud Prevention Market: 2025-2030 Our eCommerce Fraud Prevention research suite provides a detailed and insightful analysis of this evolving market; enabling stakeholders from financial institutions, law enforcement agencies, regulatory bodies and technology vendors to understand future growth, key trends, and the competitive environment. VIEW Report November 2025 Telecoms & Connectivity Ardit Ballhysa eSIMs & iSIMs Market: 2025-2030 Juniper Research’s eSIMs and iSIMs research suite offers insightful analysis of a market set to experience significant growth in the next five years. The research suite provides mobile network operators (MNOs), original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and eSIM management and platforms vendors with intelligence on how to capitalise on the market growth, and guidance on how eSIM-only devices and sensors, SGP.42, in-factory provisioning, and iSIMs will change the competitive landscape. VIEW Report November 2025 Fintech & Payments Jawad Jahan Modern Card Issuing Platforms Market: 2025-2030 Our Modern Card Issuing Platforms Market research suite provides a detailed and insightful analysis of this evolving market; enabling stakeholders from banks, financial institutions, fintech companies, and technology vendors to understand future growth, key trends, and the competitive environment. VIEW Report November 2025 Fintech & Payments Thomas Wilson Digital Wallets Market: 2025-2030 Our digital wallets research suite provides detailed analysis of this rapidly changing market; allowing digital wallet providers to gain an understanding of key payment trends and challenges, potential growth opportunities, and the competitive environment. VIEW Report October 2025 Fintech & Payments Louis Atkin Digital Identity Market: 2025-2030 Juniper Research’s Digital Identity research suite provides a comprehensive and insightful analysis of this market; enabling stakeholders, including digital identity platform providers, digital identity verification providers, government agencies, banks, and many others, to understand future growth, key trends, and the competitive environment. VIEW Whitepaper December 2025 Telecoms & Connectivity Molly Gatford Human + AI: Drivers of Customer Experience AI Agents in 2026 Our complimentary whitepaper, Human + AI: Drivers of Customer Experience AI Agents in 2026, examines the key drivers of the AI agents for customer experience platforms market in 2025. VIEW Whitepaper December 2025 Fintech & Payments Shane O'Sullivan Beyond Chargebacks: The True Cost of Fraud for Digital Commerce Our complimentary whitepaper, Beyond Chargebacks: The True Cost of Fraud for Digital Commerce, examines the state of the eCommerce fraud prevention market; considering the impact of evolving digital fraud strategies, including key trends such as identity theft, account takeovers, chargebacks, policy abuse and friendly fraud. VIEW Whitepaper November 2025 Telecoms & Connectivity Ardit Ballhysa eSIM-only Devices: The Impact on Operators, Consumers, and IoT Our complimentary whitepaper, eSIM-only Devices: The Impact on Operators, Consumers, and IoT, explores the challenges and opportunities for the three segments, with a particular focus on eSIM-only smartphones and SGP.42. VIEW Whitepaper November 2025 Fintech & Payments Jawad Jahan Unlocking the Next Stage of Growth for Modern Card Issuing Platforms This free whitepaper analyses key trends shaping the modern card issuing space, and the ways in which modern card issuing platforms can capture growth. VIEW Whitepaper November 2025 Fintech & Payments Nick Maynard Top 10 Fintech & Payments Trends 2026 Fintech is evolving fast. From stablecoins to agentic AI, our annual guide reveals the shifts redefining payments, digital identity, and the future of money in 2026. Download your copy today. VIEW Whitepaper November 2025 Fintech & Payments Thomas Wilson Digital Wallets: Empowering Financial Inclusivity Our complimentary whitepaper, Digital Wallets: Empowering Financial Inclusivity, examines the state of the digital wallets market; considering the impact of digital wallets on different geographies, how they are shaping the modern payments landscape through lower transaction fees and promoting financial inclusivity for underbanked populations, and how they are competing with established payment methods. VIEW IoT & Emerging Technology Juniper Research Unveils Top 10 Emerging Tech Trends to Watch in 2026 January 2026 Fintech & Payments Digital Identity App Usage to Hit 6.2 Billion by 2030, Driven by Shift to Decentralised Models December 2025 Telecoms & Connectivity Travel eSIM Margins Under Pressure as Revenue per Gigabyte Falls 10% Globally in Two Years December 2025 Telecoms & Connectivity AI Agents to Power 1,000% More Customer Interactions for Enterprises Globally by 2027 December 2025 IoT & Emerging Technology Global D2C Revenue Set for $370 Million Surge, But Satellite Operators Should Not Chase Full MNO Status December 2025 Fintech & Payments Digital Goods Fraud to Cost eCommerce Merchants $27 Billion Globally by 2030 as AI Tools Accelerate Attacks December 2025 Visit research store Juniper Research in the press Buy Now, Pay Later Firms Pressed by States for Loan Details " Buy Now, Pay Later transactions are expected to reach $687 billion in volume by 2028, compared to $334 billion last year, according to projections by Juniper Research." Bloomberg READ ARTICLE December 2025 For Gen Z, Cash Isn't King. It's a Joke. "Some 4.4 billion people, or about half of people worldwide, are using digital wallets, with that number expected to grow 35% by 2030, according to tech strategist firm Juniper Research." Business Insider READ ARTICLE December 2025 Sam Altman's Eye-scanning Orb Startup Wants to Hit a Billion Users... "I don't see a sort of killer use case that they've really figured out and will drive major traction for them," says Nick Maynard, VP at Juniper Research. "There needs to be a real purpose to exist, and that isn't super clear as of yet." Business Insider READ ARTICLE November 2025 Big Tech’s Big Problem with IoT – as PTC Sells Kepware, ThingWorx for $725m "Sam Barker, VP at Juniper Research, commented: “It is notable that IoT is now being adopted by SMEs. This announcement demonstrates how TPG is focusing on providing scalability for enterprise IoT users. SMEs will want to explore the potential for IoT connectivity, rather than commit to an initial big investment without definitive ROI.” RCR Wireless READ ARTICLE November 2025 The Race to Shore Up Europe’s Power Grids Against Cyberattacks and Sabotage "There's obviously room for improvement, but there's always going to be a cost benefit analysis. In the UK, there are two industries that have always been terrible at adopting new technology – the national grid and healthcare." The Register READ ARTICLE November 2025 Scary Frankenstein Fraud is a Growing Financial Crime, Analysts Say “The impact on banks is substantial,” Juniper Research said in a recent whitepaper. “Synthetic identities are often used to open accounts or obtain credit, which fraudsters then exploit by maxing out credit lines or defaulting on loans without any real person responsible for repayment.” The Street READ ARTICLE October 2025 Vodafone Calls Time on Robocalls "Vodafone explained robocalls “represent a global threat to consumer trust, financial security and our collective digital wellbeing”, pointing to an estimate by Juniper Research indicating related losses could top $80 billion this year." Mobile World Live READ ARTICLE October 2025 eSIM for 160 Countries: Holafly Launches Global Data Tariffs "Market researchers at Juniper Research expect global travel eSIM revenue to grow from around 990 million US dollars in the previous year to 1.8 billion US dollars in 2025." Heise Online READ ARTICLE October 2025 Britain Leading the World in Fight Against Money Laundering "Nick Maynard, Head of Fintech Research, said: “Compliance with AML rules has been regarded as a complete pain by the banks but it has also been a great opportunity for systems suppliers, and it is British companies that seem to be taking a lead.” The Times READ ARTICLE October 2025 The Digital Infrastructure Behind the UK's New 'Brit Card' "According to Michael Greenwood, Senior Research Analyst at Juniper Research, public sentiment towards such a scheme seems to be evolving. "The UK has historically been resistant to digital ID systems, with the public often prioritising privacy," he says." Technology Magazine READ ARTICLE September 2025 Bank of America Builds GenAI Assistant for Instant Answers for Customers "Zopa Bank's survey, carried out with Juniper Research, revealed that UK banks could save £1.8bn over the next five years as a result of investing the same amount in AI, with large gains to follow." Computer Weekly READ ARTICLE September 2025 The Roaming Revolution: Why Travel eSIMs Are Primed for Take-off "According to Juniper Research, in 2024 mobile subscribers typically spent around $8.57 per GB of data when roaming, compared with just $5.50 per GB for an eSIM." Mobile World Live READ ARTICLE September 2025 PayPal Vet Jumps to Extend as CFO "A May report by Juniper Research predicted the value of business-to-business virtual card payments will hit $14.6 trillion by 2029 — a figure representing 83% of the total global virtual card market." Payments Dive READ ARTICLE September 2025 UK Banks Plan £1.8bn Gen AI Spend as 27,000 Jobs Face Change "Zopa and Juniper Research report shows digital lenders gaining advantage as traditional banks prepare for workforce transformation by 2030." FinTech Magazine READ ARTICLE August 2025 Fraud Cases to Surge 153% Globally by 2030 “Fraud is expected to cost financial institutions globally $58.3bn (£43bn) by 2030. Juniper Research forecasted a 153 per cent rise in fraud, driven by an evolution of fraud techniques." FT Adviser READ ARTICLE August 2025 A2A Banking to Reach $5.7 Trillion in 2029: What It Means for Fintechs and Challengers "According to Juniper Research, account-to-account payments (A2A) will grow to $5.7 trillion by 2029; increasing by 230%." Retail Banker International READ ARTICLE August 2025 VW Introduces Monthly Subscription to Increase Car Power "This is despite a wider embrace of subscriptions in general, with market research firm Juniper Research estimating in 2024 the global subscription economy would reach nearly $1tn (£740bn) in value by 2028." BBC News READ ARTICLE August 2025 The $400 Billion Fintech Gold Rush: Crypto Payment Rails "Juniper Research projects AI fraud detection spending will exceed $10 billion by 2027. But AI's impact extends beyond fraud..." Forbes READ ARTICLE August 2025 Crackdown on US Banks Encourages Riskier Behavior "Lenders worldwide are also on track to spend more than $50 billion in 2026 to prevent fraud, up from $28 billion in 2024, according to a Juniper Research study." Reuters READ ARTICLE August 2025 Private Credit Fuels ‘Buy Now, Pay Later’ Lending Boom in Asia "BNPL loans in 2024 soared five times in value to US$334 billion (S$428.5 billion) from five years ago, according to technology analysis and consulting firm Juniper Research." Bloomberg READ ARTICLE August 2025 The Tech Trends Driving a Boom in Embedded Payments "Juniper Research predicts that the global embedded payments market will grow by 134% between the end of 2024 and 2028." American Banker READ ARTICLE July 2025 Why It Suddenly Seems Like Every Celebrity Has Their Own Mobile Network "There’s also been a rise in MVNO-in-a-box services [...] Juniper Research estimates that global revenue from MVNO-in-a-Box services will surpass $1 billion in 2029." CNN Business READ ARTICLE June 2025 7 Best eSIMs for International Travel in 2025 "As connectivity becomes more and more critical, the popularity of eSIMs is soaring: Juniper Research projects a 410% increase in sales between 2024 and 2028." CNBC Select READ ARTICLE June 2025 $84 Billion Lost to Ad Fraud: What You Missed About Affiliate Abuse in 2025 "Over 22% of global digital ad spend was lost to ad fraud in 2023, totaling around $84 billion, according to Juniper Research." Search Engine Land READ ARTICLE June 2025 PayTech’s Future:  Fast, Smart and Scalable "Digital wallets are also seeing rapid adoption and are set to reach 5.2 billion users by 2026, according to Juniper Research." Barclays Investment Bank READ ARTICLE May 2025 FinTech LIVE Dubai Q&A With Nick Maynard, Juniper Research "FinTech Magazine sits down with Nick Maynard, VP of Fintech Market Research at Juniper Research ahead of FinTech LIVE Dubai" FinTech Magazine READ ARTICLE April 2025 Warner Pushes Federal Trade Commission, Justice Department to Address Rampant Fraud in Digital Advertising "The phenomenon of digital fraud has skyrocketed in recent years, with reports indicating that as of 2023, digital fraud has grown to $84 billion, up from $7.4 billion in 2017." US Senator Mark R. Warner (D-VA) READ ARTICLE March 2025 Navigating the NFC Shift: A Game Changer for Digital Wallets? "Global adoption of NFC tech has been uneven but European Commission approval and Apple’s recent move to expand NFC access for third-party wallet apps, creates a unique opportunity." Fintech Finance News READ ARTICLE February 2025 The 10 Fintech Companies to Watch Right Now "A new study from Juniper Research evaluated rising fintechs on things such as total capital raised, product portfolio, and creativity and innovation to determine which fintechs will be future leaders globally in 2025." Quartz READ ARTICLE November 2024 AI Helped the Feds Catch $1 Billion of Fraud in One Year. And It’s Just Getting Started "Online payment fraud is expected to surpass $362 billion by 2028, according to estimates from Juniper Research." CNN READ ARTICLE October 2024 Visa, Mastercard and Big Banks Bet on Global Payments Tech "There are more than 6.8 billion subscriptions, according to Juniper Research, which projects that will grow to 9.3 billion by 2028. This growth comes through the proliferation of streaming media platforms such as Hulu or Netflix, and the use of eCommerce..." READ ARTICLE October 2024 Mastercard to Buy Swedish Startup That Makes it Easier to Manage Subscriptions "According to Juniper Research data, there are 6.8 billion subscriptions globally, a number that's expected to jump to 9.3 billion by 2028." READ ARTICLE October 2024 How Embedded Payments Are Changing the Way We Pay "The global market for embedded finance as a whole will more than double between 2024 and 2028, growing from $92 billion to $228 billion, Juniper Research projected in an April report." Banking Dive READ ARTICLE August 2024 Life as-a-Service? Subscription Boom Faces a Big Test "Yet the bigger test may lie ahead for a market that’s still on course to reach almost US$1-trillion by 2028, a 68% increase, according to Juniper Research." Bloomberg READ ARTICLE August 2024 ‘Phantom Debt’ from BNPL Schemes Is a $700 Billion Black Hole That Economists Aren’t Accounting For "In 2024 alone, Juniper Research estimates BNPL transactions will total $334 billion, ballooning to $687 billion by 2028, reflecting market growth of 105%." Fortune READ ARTICLE May 2024 eSIM Adoption Sees Major Surge as Roaming Demand Increases "New figures from Juniper Research have claimed the global number of eSIM users is set to skyrocket from 40 million in 2024 to an estimated 215 million in 2028." TechRadar READ ARTICLE April 2024 Mobile’s Next Generation: The 6G-based Hyper-connected Future of Living and Work "So, what is the likely timeframe for the roll-out of 6G networks? A February 2024 study from Juniper Research predicts there will be 290 million 6G connections globally by 2030." Computer Weekly READ ARTICLE February 2024 How Metrics, Transparency and Standardization Will Propel Advertising Into a Collaborative Future "According to a study by Juniper Research, $84 billion dollars of online ad spend will be lost to ad fraud in 2023. By 2028, this figure is expected to rise to $170 billion." Adweek READ ARTICLE January 2024 Billions At Stake: Understanding The Implications Of Card Testing "According to Juniper Research, the larger threat of online payment fraud is projected to result in merchant losses surpassing a staggering $206 billion by 2025." Forbes READ ARTICLE November 2023 5G Satellite Networks Are Set to Be a Huge Money Spinner "Telecommunications operators stand to gain 17$ billion of extra revenue between 2024 and 2030, by offering 3GPP-compliant 5G satellite networks, according to a new report by Juniper Research." TechRadar READ ARTICLE October 2023 How Meta’s $19 Billion Bet on WhatsApp Could Finally Start Paying Off "Today, over half of the world’s internet users are on WhatsApp, but the free messaging service has never generated much revenue. WhatsApp is looking to change that by leaning into its business messaging services, in which companies pay a fee to interact with customers on the platform." CNBC READ ARTICLE September 2023 With the Chip Shortage Fading, In-car Payments Gain Speed "The in-car commerce market, which more closely measures payments from inside vehicles, is expected to grow even faster. About $1.5 billion in payments were made from inside cars in 2021, a volume that's expected to hit $89 billion by 2026, according to Juniper Research." American Banker READ ARTICLE July 2023 How Companies Can Augment CX With ChatGPT and Generative AI "A report from Juniper Research foresees that AI-powered chatbots will handle up to 70% of customer conversations by the end of 2023." Newsweek READ ARTICLE April 2023 Emotional AI Is No Substitute for Empathy "Analysis from Juniper Research shows that chatbot interactions in healthcare will rise by almost 167 percent from 2018, to reach 2.8 billion annual interactions in 2023." Wired READ ARTICLE December 2022 The Future Digital Awards recognise organisations that have made outstanding contributions to their industry and are positioned to make a significant impact in the future. Find out more your advantage through juniper research intelligence Find out more about how we can help you gain competitive advantage through player intelligence. Start the conversation About Awards Contact Data Press Research Resources Services Contact Juniper Research Ltd 9 Cedarwood, Chineham Park, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8WD, UK Tel: +44 (0)1256 830001 Email: info@juniperresearch.com Useful Information About Awards Contact Data Press Research Resources Services Latest Research AI Agents for Customer Experience Platforms Market eCommerce Fraud Prevention Market eSIMs & iSIMs Market Modern Card Issuing Platforms Market Digital Wallets Market Latest Whitepapers Human + AI: Drivers of Customer Experience AI Agents in 2026 Beyond Chargebacks: The True Cost of Fraud for Digital Commerce eSIM-only Devices: The Impact on Operators, Consumers, and IoT Unlocking the Next Stage of Growth for Modern Card Issuing Platforms Top 10 Fintech & Payments Trends 2026 Contact Juniper Research Ltd 9 Cedarwood, Chineham Park, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8WD, UK Tel: +44 (0)1256 830001 Email: info@juniperresearch.com Useful Information About Awards Contact Data Press Research Resources Services Latest Research AI Agents for Customer Experience Platforms Market eCommerce Fraud Prevention Market eSIMs & iSIMs Market Modern Card Issuing Platforms Market Digital Wallets Market Latest Whitepapers Human + AI: Drivers of Customer Experience AI Agents in 2026 Beyond Chargebacks: The True Cost of Fraud for Digital Commerce eSIM-only Devices: The Impact on Operators, Consumers, and IoT Unlocking the Next Stage of Growth for Modern Card Issuing Platforms Top 10 Fintech & Payments Trends 2026 Client Stories Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap - Products Sitemap - Press Sitemap Careers Juniper Research Ltd is registered in England & Wales Company No 4365384 © Copyright 2025 Juniper Research Ltd and its licensors - All Rights Reserved