JUnit Toggle navigation JUnit 4 The programmer-friendly testing framework for Java and the JVM User Guide Javadoc Code & Issues Q & A Sponsor About JUnit 6 is the current generation of the JUnit testing framework, which provides a modern foundation for developer-side testing on the JVM.
It requires Java 17 and Kotlin 2.1 or above and enables many different styles of testing. Resources You’re invited to follow our ongoing work, review it, and give feedback. The following short list of links will get you started. User Guide Javadoc GitHub Repository with source code and an issue tracker Sponsoring We ask you – our users – to sponsor us so we can keep up the pace.
We will continue our work on JUnit regardless of how many donations we receive.
However, your support would enable us to do so with greater focus and not only on weekends or in our spare time.
For example, we want to meet regularly and work colocated for a few days in order to get things done faster in face-to-face design and coding sessions.
Your donations will help to make that a reality! Thank you! IntelliJ IDEA The Java IDE for Professional Developers by JetBrains Gold Sponsor Since February 2019 Netflix Unlimited movies, TV shows, and more Gold Sponsor Since April 2025 MICROMATA Silver Sponsor Since May 2019 QUO CARD Silver Sponsor Since March 2022 Premium Minds Bronze Sponsor Since July 2019 codefortynine Bronze Sponsor Since July 2021 Info Support Bronze Sponsor Since August 2022 Route4Me Bronze Sponsor Since July 2024 Testiny Bronze Sponsor Since September 2024 LambdaTest Bronze Sponsor Since September 2025 Backers Stefan Gwihs linux_china Zerocode Zoran Regvart Tokuhiro Matsuno Atsushi Komiya Peter Schuster André Camilo Christian Femers Niklas Seyfarth Rafael Fernández Font Perez Ravi Vasamsetty Jun Nakamura Sebastian Staack Paul Schaub Hiroshi Ito Gabi Moreno Nicolai Parlog Latest Release JUnit artifacts are deployed to Maven Central and can be downloaded using the above links.
      All files are signed using the keys listed in the KEYS file. Upcoming Events Add your talk Thank You In addition to our sponsors, we'd like to thank the following companies. The JUnit team uses GitHub for version control, project management, and CI. The JUnit team relies on Develocity to analyze and speed up our builds. The JUnit team uses OSS licenses of IntelliJ IDEA for development. Follow Us Bluesky Mastodon Copyright © 2025 The JUnit Team