JupiterOne: Cyber asset analysis for total enterprise visibility Platform How it works Integrations Products CAASM: Asset Analysis Continuous Controls Monitoring Exposure Management Resources Resources Case studies Blog Books & Reports Events Business case ROI Company Company About Contact Careers Community Community Support Questions library Documentation Sign In Get a Demo Thank you! Your submission has been received! Please enter a valid email address Unify and Secure Your Asset Data JupiterOne consolidates asset data, identifies security gaps, and accelerates risk response for IT and security teams. Get a demo Asset Management Exposure Management Continuous Control Monitoring Build your actual security controls. Monitor them continuously. The only continuous controls monitoring solution built on a graph architecture, designed for security teams who've outgrown traditional compliance tools. See CCM in Action Get a demo Real-time monitoring Move from quarterly manual reviews to near-real-time monitoring Built for Complexity Purpose-built for mid-to-large enterprises managing multiple frameworks Graph Powered Architecture Define controls that reflect how your environment really works 200+ Integrations Get unified visibility into your entire cloud infrastructure Vulnerability Management Endpoint Security Collaboration Tools Identity & Access Tools Cloud Infrastructure Human Resources Mobile Device Management Code Management See all integrations Features Why Choose JupiterOne? Automated Discovery Continuously identifies and updates asset data without manual effort. Security Insights Maps asset relationships, highlights security gaps, and alerts teams to risks. Unified Visibility Consolidates assets from cloud, on premises, and hybrid environments in one platform. Intuitive Interface Navigate complex environments with clear visualizations and straightforward workflows. Get a Demo See JupiterOne in Action Explore your environment in seconds. Identify misconfigurations and vulnerabilities instantly. Respond to risks with automated insights. Watch Demo “JupiterOne’s asset monitoring capability is the foundation and core to almost everything in our security operations. It is our one source of truth.” Caleb Sima Chief Security Officer at Robinhood “One of the big things that got us excited about JupiterOne was the Graph view – seeing how everything is connected. That, plus knowing that we had the out-of-the-box Insights Dashboards for Incident Response helped me sleep better.” Dlaine Miley Cloud Security Engineer at Mercury Financial “We were most impressed at how JupiterOne mapped and presented the relationships within our asset inventories. Now, we can efficiently discover and prioritize vulnerabilities by proximity to critical assets and are outperforming our goals in threat response.” Daniel Jones Chief Information Security Officer at Elwood Technologies “My role is to bring secure-by-design products to market quickly. JupiterOne's asset tracking and compliance automation is core to how I execute on that.” Jameeka Green Aaron CISO at Okta CIC “It’s an example of a modern security product company that **actually** solves real customer problems. Asset management is something we security folks waved our hands about for too long. The graph is a security primitive you build your program on.” Duncan Godfrey CISO at Rippling “From a merger/acquisition perspective, JupiterOne was invaluable. As M&A activities in cloud native companies become increasingly popular, there is no better way to identify and tag assets than using a tool like JupiterOne.” Paul Guthrie Information Security Officer at Blend “Out of all the solutions that we evaluated, we appreciated JupiterOne’s focus on showing all relationships across all assets. With JupiterOne, we now see how everything is connected. This is a huge bonus and win for Indeed’s overall cloud posture and assessment.” Andrew Bitson Platform Security Engineer at Indeed "With the cost savings from identifying and de-provisioning orphaned AWS resources and not having to purchase separate tools, we've more than recouped our investment in JupiterOne!" Mark Holtz Manager, DevSecOps at Socotra Solutions Unified asset visibility, proactive risk management, and streamlined compliance for Security, IT and GRC teams ‍ Cyber Asset Attack Surface Management Connect and normalize asset data from existing tools across cloud and on premises environments. Gain clear visibility into asset ownership, dependencies, and security posture. Eliminate blind spots to reduce your attack surface. Continuous Threat Exposure Management Continuously identify misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, and security gaps. Prioritize risks based on real-time insights to reduce exposure. Improve collaboration between IT and security teams for faster remediation. Continuous Controls Monitoring Map assets directly to security controls for improved compliance. Monitor and maintain control effectiveness to meet security frameworks. Ensure your security policies align with your evolving infrastructure. How it works 1. Collect and normalize asset data Connect with all your security and infrastructure tools. 200+ integrations bring visibility into your cloud and on-premises assets. 2. Map out assets and relationships Automatically reveal unmonitored assets and map relationships to uncover gaps and risks. 3. Unified Visibility Understand your entire attack surface to swiftly identify, prioritize, and remediate critical issues and vulnerabilities. Watch Explainer (2:46) One platform for unified visibility into your entire attack surface 90M Cyber assets monitored Discover more assets than any other platform. Including devices, code repos, users, and policies. 150% Reduced attack surface Identify and eliminate outdated, ungoverned, and misconfigured assets. 85% Optimized operations Reduce toil and manual tasks like identification of cyber assets or repeat investigations. Award winning asset visibility & attack surface management software Unify Your Asset Data See every asset across your cloud, on premises, and hybrid environments in one platform. Get a Demo Sign In | Get Started © 2025 JupiterOne. All Rights Reserved. Legal and Security Privacy Policy Terms of Use Platform How it Works CAASM Integrations Find Integrations Pricing Glossary of terms Solutions Cloud Security Posture Management Continuous Controls Monitoring Incident Response Vulnerability Management Identity and Access Management SaaS Management Teams SecOps SecEng IT DevOps Industries Financial Services Healthcare Customer Stories Databricks Auth0 Indeed Mercury Financial Resources Blog Case Studies Reports eBooks Datasheets Whitepapers Videos Events Community Questions Library Support Docs 100X Engineering Cyber Therapy Open Source Starbase Introduction Company About Contact Careers Newsroom Partners Press Kit Subscribe to the JupiterOne newsletter Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 5.0/5 4.7/5 Get a Demo Bring complete visibility into your orbit. Take control of your cyber asset security. Schedule your demo today. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.