JURISTnews - law students reporting the rule of law in crisis DONATE NOW News ▾ All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News This Day @ Law Dispatches ▾ All Dispatches Afghanistan Canada EU Ghana India Iran Israel Kazakhstan Kenya Myanmar Pakistan Peru Sri Lanka UK Ukraine US Commentary ▾ All Commentary Faculty Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Features ▾ All Features Explainers Long Reads Multimedia Interviews Topics Rule of Law ▾ Materials Podcasts About ▾ FAQ Staff Awards Apply Journalist in Residence Board of Directors Contact Us Donate ▾ Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Search: Search News Turkey detains 357 ISIS suspects in nationwide police raids Tiana Nowzari | Lincoln Alexander School of Law, CA December 31, 2025 05:26:27 pm Turkish police detained 357 people on Tuesday in large-scale, coordinated operations targeting the Islamic State group, according to the country’s Interior Minister Ali Yerlikaya. Authorities carried out raids across 21 provinces following a deadly clash between police and ISIS militants in Yalova, a small northwestern city, amid heightened security ahead of New Year’s celebrations. Three [...] News Germany to drop Russian oligarch investigation following €10M settlement Katherine Girguis | U. Ottawa Faculty of Law, CA December 31, 2025 04:10:33 pm The Munich II Public Prosecutor’s Office on Tuesday dropped a money laundering and sanction breach investigation into the Russian oligarch Alisher Usmanov, after agreeing upon a €10 million settlement. The settlement will be split between the state treasury (€8.5 million) and German charities (€1.5 million.) Usmanov was accused of failing to declare his assets within [...] READ MORE ▸ News UN Security Council holds emergency meeting over Israel recognition of Somaliland Juri Berger | Geneva Academy of International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights, CH December 31, 2025 08:56:56 am The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) held an emergency meeting on Monday to discuss Israel’s announced recognition of Somaliland, a self-declared independent region of Somalia. The move drew widespread condemnation from world leaders over the weekend, and the UNSC session provided a forum for all member states to present their positions. Somalia opened the discussion, [...] READ MORE ▸ Dispatches Wing , CC BY-SA 3.0 , via Wikimedia Commons Kenya dispatch: High Court halts Kenya-US health deal over constitutional concerns Griffins Abuora | Kenya School of Law December 30, 2025 09:52:13 pm A Kenyan High Court judge halted implementation of a landmark US-Kenya health cooperation agreement on December 19, pending a constitutional challenge. Justice Chacha Mwita of the High Court of Kenya at Milimani Law Courts issued the order suspending the framework signed on December 4 between the governments of Kenya and the United States, following a [...] READ MORE ▸ Dispatches Mandatory Credit: Photo by SARAH YENESEL/POOL/EPA/Shutterstock (16049970a)
Luigi Mangione (L) appears for his hearing in the murder case of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson at Manhattan Supreme Court in New York, New York, USA, 08 December 2025.
Luigi Mangione attends hearing at Manhattan Supreme Court, New York, USA - 08 Dec 2025 US dispatch, day 9: Luigi Mangione suppression hearings conclude, defense challenges mother's alleged statement Christine Savino | Cornell Law School, US December 30, 2025 08:50:11 pm Editor’s note: This is Day 9 (final day) of JURIST’s coverage of Luigi Mangione’s suppression hearings. Read Day 1, Day 2, Day 3, Day 4, Days 5-7, Day 8. Luigi Mangione is accused of fatally shooting Brian Thompson, CEO of medical insurance company UnitedHealthcare, on December 4, 2024, outside a Manhattan hotel in New York [...] READ MORE ▸ Commentary LeoEspina / Pixabay Why Argentina's Pioneering Privacy Law Is Now Playing Defense Against AI Valentina Camuglia and Dimitrios Ioannidis December 30, 2025 07:32:51 pm Argentina was the first country in Latin America to adopt data protection laws. In 2000, it enacted a comprehensive legislative framework that integrated protections for the right of privacy. This early institutional commitment positioned the country as a pioneer in recognizing a variety of technological trends that affected these fundamental rights. This early adoption, however, [...] READ MORE ▸ News Walkerssk / Pixabay Malaysia launches military procurement corruption probe Ben Golin | U. Nevada School of Law, US December 30, 2025 03:09:18 am The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) announced on Monday that it has opened a formal investigation into potential corruption in the country’s military procurement contracts. MACC Chief Commissioner Tan Sri Azam Baki announced that the investigation was launched under Section 17(a) of the MACC Act of 2009, following a complaint filed by political activist Badrul Hisham Shaharin. [...] READ MORE ▸ Commentary Dieter_G / Pixabay Performative Cruelty and the Politics of Fear: From Vienna to the US Border L. Ali Khan | Washburn University School of Law December 29, 2025 07:52:35 pm Performative cruelty is an ancient practice, even though the phrase itself is new. Gladiatorial fights (Ancient Rome, c. 264 BCE–5th century CE) in arenas like the Colosseum were intentionally staged spectacles of violence, often involving slaves, prisoners, or volunteers fighting to the death. These public events, attended by massive crowds, promoted imperial power and Roman [...] READ MORE ▸ News The White House , Public domain, via Wikimedia Commons FBI announces increased response to fraud in Minnesota public support programs Brendan Hickey | Vermont Law & Graduate School, US December 29, 2025 07:19:33 pm FBI Director Kash Patel announced Sunday that the agency will send a large number of investigators and resources to Minnesota to continue investigating a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that is said to have involved theft of federal food aid from children during the COVID-19 pandemic. According to Patel, the investigation has so far …exposed sham [...] READ MORE ▸ News Scott Meltzer , Public domain, via Wikimedia Commons China conducts military drills around Taiwan as 'stern warning' Renee Ferguson | U. Ottawa Faculty of Law, CA December 29, 2025 05:51:55 pm China’s military deployed Army, Navy, Air Force and Rocket Force troops to conduct joint drills around Taiwan on Monday as a “stern warning” against Taiwanese independence. In response, Taiwan placed its forces on “high alert,” condemning China’s “irrational provocations” and asserting that the actions “undermine regional peace.” The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) drills tested the [...] READ MORE ▸ ... 1 2 3 4 5 ... Older Oldest GET OUR DAILY DIGEST Email Address Subscribe Key: Subscribe Latest DISPATCHES Kenya dispatch: High Court halts Kenya-US health deal over constitutional concerns US dispatch, day 9: Luigi Mangione suppression hearings conclude, defense challenges mother’s alleged statement Latest COMMENTARY Why Argentina’s Pioneering Privacy Law Is Now Playing Defense Against AI by Valentina Camuglia and Dimitrios Ioannidis Performative Cruelty and the Politics of Fear: From Vienna to the US Border by L. Ali Khan | Washburn University School of Law Latest FEATURES Explainer: The judiciary corruption scandal rocking Romania One of the World’s Most Climate-Vulnerable Nations, One of the Least Prepared: Sri Lanka’s Deadly Choice THIS DAY @ LAW "The Beatles" legally dissolved On December 31, 1970, Paul McCartney filed suit in London to dissolve the Beatles' artistic and commercial partnership.

Read a detailed legal analysis of Paul's case against John, George and Ringo. West Virginia created On December 31, 1862, U.S. President Abraham Lincoln signed legislation, creating the State of West Virginia. The Bill split the western section of Virginia from the rest of the state, which had left the Union to join the Confederacy. However, West Virginia was not granted formal statehood until this legislation took effect on June 20, 1863 after a statewide referendum approved the measure. Read a history of the creation of West Virginia. Home Attributions Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2026, JURIST Legal News & Research Services, Inc. JURISTnews is a collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh