Teen Hollywood Celebrity News and Gossip | Just Jared Jr. Just Jared Jr. Main About Us Advertising FAQ Just Jared Contact Send Tips! E-mail [email protected] Music Fashion TV Movies Books Exclusives Top Stories Kylie Cantrall Revealed as First 'The Masked Singer' Season 14 Contestant! Zoe Kravitz Sparks Harry Styles Engagement Rumors With Ring on Her Finger First 'Camp Rock 3' Teaser Introduces Liamani Segura, Malachi Barton, Lumi Pollack & More as New Campers Tate McRae Fuels Speculation She's Dating This Athlete After Attending His Game Wed, 24 December 2025 Tweet Walker Scobell & More Reveal Favorite Memories From Filming 'Percy Jackson' Season 2 Walker Scobell and Daniel Diemer are playing half-brothers in the new season of Percy Jackson and the Olympians ! The two play Percy Jackson and Tyson, respectively, and we recently spoke with them about filming season two, along with co-stars Leah Sava Jeffries , Aryan Simhadri , Charlie Bushnell and Dior Goodjohn . Check out our full interview with the cast of Percy Jackson and the Olympians over on Posted to Aryan Simhadri , Charlie Bushnell , Daniel Diemer , Dior Goodjohn , Exclusive , Interview , Leah Sava Jeffries , Percy Jackson , Walker Scobell Photos: Disney+ 9 Facebook Tue, 23 December 2025 Tweet Get to Know 'Five Nights at Freddys 2' Star Piper Rubio With 10 Fun Facts (Exclusive) Piper Rubio is starring in the new movie Five Nights at Freddy’s 2 ! The young actress reprised her role as Mike’s ( Josh Hutcherson ) younger sister Abby in the sequel, which is now available to purchase on digital. We recently caught up with Piper ahead of the film’s digital release and got to know 10 Fun Facts about her! Keep reading to learn more… More Here » Posted to 10 Fun Facts , Exclusive , Piper Rubio , Shopping Photos: Allegra Messina, Universal Pictures 8 Facebook Sat, 13 December 2025 Tweet 'Avatar: The Last Airbender' Season 2 Teaser Introduces Miya Cech's Toph! We have our first official look at Miya Cech as Toph Beifong! The 18-year-old actress joins the second season of Avatar: The Last Airbender as the master Earthbend who was born blind and trained to feel and sense the world around her. Netflix dropped the first look photos and teaser trailer for the live-action adaptation’s new season, which also features returning stars like Gordon Cormier , Kiawentiio , Ian Ousley , Dallas Liu and Elizabeth Yu . Check out the teaser, photos and more over on Posted to Avatar The Last Airbender , Dallas Liu , Elizabeth Yu , Gordon Cormier , Ian Ousley , Kiawentiio , Miya Cech , Netflix , Television Photos: Netflix 10 Facebook Sat, 13 December 2025 Tweet Freya Skye Lights Up Jingle Ball Tour After Announcing Solo 'Stars Align' Tour Freya Skye is continuing to dazzle audiences across the US! The 16-year-old Zombies 4: Dawn of the Vampires star stepped out for Z100′s 2025 iHeartRadio Jingle Ball on Friday (December 12) at Madison Square Garden in New York City. She is no stranger to the venue after previously performing a sold-out show there on the Descendants/Zombies: Worlds Collide Tour earlier this year! Freya took to the stage at the event during the concert, as well as earlier in the day during the pre-show, wearing a denim dress. She has been seen at several Jingle Ball dates over the past week, including in Detroit on Tuesday (December 9), where she wore her denim look with white feathers; in Chicago on Monday (December 8), wearing a red feathered version of the denim outfit, as well as a pink dress on the carpet; and in LA on Friday (December 5), wearing a blue feathered version on stage and a silver look on the carpet and on stage with Taylor Momsen . Earlier this week, following the release of her latest single “ Silent Treatment ,” Freya announced her own solo tour, the Stars Align Tour , which will see her performing in some of the above cities and more. Check out all the dates and cities over on Browse through the gallery to see more photos of Freya Skye on the 2025 iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour… Posted to Freya Skye , Music Photos: Getty 11 Facebook JJJ Links Around The Web Malachi Barton ranked as one of the top most searched actors on Google this year – Just Jared Jenny Han gives update on The Summer I Turned Pretty movie – E! News Kristen Stewart reveals why she felt bad for Twilight sequel directors – Entertainment Weekly Billy Ray Cyrus reacts to daughter Miley Cyrus ‘ engagement news – Just Jared Wed, 10 December 2025 Tweet Kylie Cantrall Revealed as First 'The Masked Singer' Season 14 Contestant! Kylie Cantrall is the latest Disney star to compete on The Masked Singer ! The Descendants: The Rise of Red actress and singer will appear on the hit show’s upcoming 14th season in a surprise twist for the new installment. While we know she’s competing, the host and panel will not know, and we also don’t know yet what her costume will be! Get more details over on Posted to Kylie Cantrall , The Masked Singer Photos: Getty 10 Facebook Tue, 09 December 2025 Tweet Chase Hudson & Sara Waisglass Star In New 'How to Lose a Popularity Contest' Trailer - Watch Now! The trailer for Chase Hudson and Sara Waisglass ‘ upcoming Tubi rom-com How to Lose a Popularity Contest is finally here! Filming took place over the summer and the movie is set to debut in the new year. Get all the details and watch the trailer over on Posted to Chase Hudson , Graham Verchere , Kyra Leroux , Lillian Doucet-Roche , Movies , Sara Waisglass , Trailer , Tubi Photos: Tubi 9 Facebook Thu, 04 December 2025 Tweet First 'Camp Rock 3' Teaser Introduces Liamani Segura, Malachi Barton, Lumi Pollack & More as New Campers Disney stars Liamani Segura , Malachi Barton and Lumi Pollack are featured in the first Camp Rock 3 teaser! The trio, who have all starred in other Disney shows, join the cast of the upcoming movie musical as new Camp Rockers, alongside Hudson Stone , Casey Trotter and more. Get all the details on the movie and watch the teaser over on Posted to Ava Jean , Camp Rock , Casey Trotter , Disney Branded Television , Disney Channel , Disney Plus , Hudson Stone , Joe Jonas , Jonas Brothers , Kevin Jonas , Liamani Segura , Lumi Pollack , Malachi Barton , Movies , Nick Jonas Photos: YouTube/Disney Plus 9 Facebook 1 2 3 4 5 Next » Grab the Just Jared Jr. RSS Feed! Follow Just Jared Jr. on Twitter! Become a Fan on Facebook! Just Jared Jr Archives Jr. Page 2 Joshua Bassett to Star In 'Little Shop... Malachi Barton Is One of the Most... Gavin Casalegno & Madelaine Petsch... New 'Hoppers' Trailer Debuts From... Sara Waisglass & Chase Hudson Star... Lili Reinhart Looks Back on Her Time... 'Zombies 4' Stars Freya Skye &... Jr. Page 3 Siena Agudong Gets Sister Sydney's... 'The Super Mario Galaxy Movie' Gets... Sabrina Carpenter's 'Alice In... First Teaser for 'Toy Story 5'... 'Zombies 4' Young Stars Reunite For New... Walker Scobell, Leah Sava Jeffries... Meg Donnelly to Perform In Macy's... News from Just Jared No items. Main About Us Advertise FAQ Contact Send Tips Mobile © 2005-2025 Just Jared, Inc. | Accessibility | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy