The Website Marketing Automation Platform | Justuno Platform Overview Conversion Automation Support & Education Features Embedded Experiences Pop-ups Quiz & Surveys Product Recommendations Landing Pages Exit Offers Visitor Identification See all How Segmentation Workflows A/B Testing Reporting Enterprise Hub Visibility Boost Top Use Cases Check out live examples of top performing strategies Integrations Shopify Klaviyo BigCommerce WordPress Magento See all Pricing Resources Inner Menu Blog Articles. Case Studies Case studies. Ebooks Guides. Webinars Webinars. Conversion Audit See all Bigger Baskets, Bigger Profits: The Art Of AOV Domination Boost AOV & your bottom line Capture Our latest customer success story Agency Inner Item Become a Partner Why Partner with Justuno Partner Portal Agency Directory Justuno + Malomo Our latest partner case study Agency Packages Coming soon Divider Conversion Audit Sign in Try for free Platform Overview Conversion Automation Support & Education Features Embedded Experiences Pop-ups Quiz & Surveys Product Recommendations Landing Pages Exit Offers Visitor Identification See all How Segmentation Workflows A/B Testing Reporting Enterprise Hub Visibility Boost Top Use Cases Check out live examples of top performing strategies Integrations Shopify Klaviyo BigCommerce WordPress Magento See all Pricing Resources Inner Menu Blog Articles. Case Studies Case studies. Ebooks Guides. Webinars Webinars. Conversion Audit See all Bigger Baskets, Bigger Profits: The Art Of AOV Domination Boost AOV & your bottom line Capture Our latest customer success story Agency Inner Item Become a Partner Why Partner with Justuno Partner Portal Agency Directory Justuno + Malomo Our latest partner case study Agency Packages Coming soon Divider Conversion Audit Sign in Try for free Justuno Resources Top Use Cases Blog Ebooks Webinars Conversion Audit See all resources Blog 30 E-Commerce Strategies For Health & Fitness Brands In 2025  + Industry Benchmarks Blog How To Increase Conversions With Geo-Targeting Transform visitors into customers Skyrocket your lists and sales with unmatched onsite marketing automation. Start your free trial Learn about activation High opt-in rates (10-15+%) Increase conversion rates Easy-to-use templates Helping 100,000+ brands boost list growth , AOV , and convert sales! See our templates in action and experience the Justuno difference. View our top use cases Enhance visitor experience with hyper-personalized pop-ups & messaging Experience pop-ups like never before—elevate your brand with cutting-edge designs, innovative strategies, and precision targeting to outshine the competition. Pop-ups Grow your lists like never before with high-performing opt-ins for every industry and audience. Quizzes & Surveys Collect zero-party data while providing a personalized experience that visitors crave. AI Product Recommendations Unlock higher AOV with intelligent upsells and cross-sells featuring personalized recommendations for every visitor. Embedded Experiences Use embedded experiences (in-page designs) to create dynamic personalization that appears native to your website without interruption. Landing Pages Launch new landing pages quickly and easily with the same level of dynamic personalization that your pop-ups have. Exit Offers Keep more of your traffic on your website with personalization options like cart total, cart contents, previous behavior, and more. Design canvas You have the control to build your dream website experience Discover templates Responsiveness Create fully responsive designs including pop-ups, banners, quizzes, landing pages, & more. Flexibility Have complete control of your content, with access to hundreds of CSS properties in a no-code builder. Properties Use Justuno profile properties known about your visitors to create personalized content. Adapt to your visitor’s signals in real time Grow your lists and drive more sales by setting up automations that trigger personalized messaging based on website behavior with our workflow builder. Flows Maximizing and leveraging flows for seamless interactions Utilize advanced flows to automate every conceivable visitor engagement (and even a few you may not have considered), enabling unparalleled efficiency and personalized interactions that drive conversion rates and delight users with seamless experiences tailored to their needs and preferences. Segmentation & Targeting Mastering segmentation and targeting for effective results Use personalized onsite experiences to show the right message to the right visitor at the right time moving them from one stage to the next in their buyer’s journey. Data & Identity Uncover who your customer’s really are Visualize data for all your website campaigns to find areas of opportunity and gain a deeper understanding of your customers. Identify anonymous visitors with Justuno Visitor ID and super charge your email abandonment flows in Klaivyo, shopify or other ESP and email marketing apps. Conversion Automation Efficient conversion strategies leveraging the power of automation Simplify personalized visitor experiences with marketing automation seamlessly integrated into your website. Deliver targeted messaging and dynamic content that adapts to each visitor’s preferences, boosting conversions and customer satisfaction effortlessly. Connect your whole stack Unify your website, email, SMS, reviews, loyalty, and more all with Justuno’s deep integrations to industry-leading platforms. Segment, target, personalize, and convert like never before with your apps all working in harmony. Tech Partner Directory Agencies and customers are growing with Justuno Since moving to Justuno, we tripled our performance and have understood customer behavior during times of rapid growth! Griffin Thall Co-Founder & CEO, Pura Vida I have used Justuno for 7+ years now and they are the best in the business for pop-ups. The Justuno Plus team has done an incredible job in helping us further push the envelope with improving our conversion rate. Carson Finkle CEO & Director of E-Commerce, Tenth Street Hats We chose Justuno because of their team and customer service. After going through a few months of the basic subscription plan and chatting with customer service on the live chat several times, we realized that the support Justuno provides is really unheard of. It is at that point that we decided to pursue the Justuno Plus program, which has allowed us the time to properly plan and strategize with the help of our account manager. Eric Zipperle Co-Founder & CEO, Cornbread Hemp Justuno’s team has been a breath of fresh air to the Hawke agency for the past three years. Not only is Justuno’s product extremely relevant, but it’s constantly evolving and their customer support is unmatched. They don’t just solve problems, they also listen to our feedback to improve the product. Marissa Jimenez Director of Email Marketing, HawkeAI Tinuiti’s integration with Justuno has transformed our on-site approach, yielding impressive outcomes. Leveraging their sophisticated platform, we are able to craft personalized, impactful on-site journeys, resulting in substantial increases in lead generation directly attributed to Justuno overlays. Chelsie Walters Lifecycle Marketing Program Manager, Tinuiti Justuno rules, it just rules. The customer service is reliable and thorough. they go above and beyond. Benedict Marsh CEO, IZ Adaptive With Justuno, our clients have 2x’d list size in as soon as a month, increased email opt-in rates by 3-5x, lifted conversion rates 4x-6x, and have lowered cart abandonment rates as much as 40%. We love the robust reporting, targeting, and design features and use it on hundreds of clients! Adena Merabi Head of Strategic Partnerships, MuteSix Justuno makes lead gen easy and has rapidly allowed us to build our email and SMS lists by offering a personalized discount. It’s one of the most important integrations to consider on Shopify Plus. Mike Demson Senior Marketing Manager, DripDrop Ready to take the next step for your business? Grow your lists and drive more sales by setting up automations that trigger personalized messaging based on website behavior with our workflow builder. Start my 14-day free trial Request a demo Create personalized website experiences that convert. Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube Linkedin Solutions Popup Banners Spin to Win Zero-Party Data E-commerce Quiz Lead Magnets Exit Offers Company About Contact Us SOC2 Platform Status Managed Services Justuno vs. Partners Shopify Klaviyo All Integrations Affiliates Agency Directory Become a Tech Partner Partner Portal Resources Pop Up Examples Ebooks Blog Webinars Podcast Certification Help Center Copyright © 2025. Justuno, Inc. All Rights Reserved Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Terms of Service Privacy Policy