f.lux: software to make your life better f.lux ® software to make your life better Forum News Research Lighting FAQ Ever notice how people texting at night have that eerie blue glow ? Or wake up ready to write down the Next Great Idea, and get blinded by your computer screen? During the day, computer screens look good—they're designed to look like the sun . But, at 9PM, 10PM, or 3AM, you probably shouldn't be looking at the sun. f.lux f.lux fixes this: it makes the color of your computer's display adapt to the time of day, warm at night and like sunlight during the day. It's even possible that you're staying up too late because of your computer. You could use f.lux because it makes you sleep better, or you could just use it just because it makes your computer look better. Download f.lux Free for macOS Download f.lux Free on Windows, for personal use for Corporate Edition and site licenses, click here Download f.lux Free for Linux for Windows Corporate Edition and site licenses, click here for Windows Corporate Edition and site licenses, click here By downloading, you agree to the f.lux EULA (also available for Windows Mac Linux here) f.lux makes your computer screen look like the room you're in, all the time. When the sun sets, it makes your computer look like your indoor lights. In the morning, it makes things look like sunlight again. Tell f.lux what kind of lighting you have, and where you live. Then forget about it. f.lux will do the rest, automatically. Control your lights with f.lux Want your lights to change like f.lux does? It's easy. Click here to learn how The Sleep Revolution Arianna Huffington shares her sleep secrets Amazon Affiliate Link Internal Time: Chronotypes, Social Jet Lag, and Why You're So Tired Answers about life and sleep from chronobiologist Till Roenneberg Amazon Affiliate Link Himalayan Salt Lamps are just about the best night-time lights there are. Amazon Affiliate Link Want to support f.lux? Here's our Paypal link Support f.lux today All contributions go to equipment, research, and development. Give f.lux five bucks! People all over the world support f.lux Click here to send $10 f.luxometer: the easiest way to measure spectrum and non-visual effects of light, including melanopic responses Measure your own lights, eyewear, and devices See how f.lux changes your screen Read our Privacy Policy and EULA .
	Using f.lux at work? Refer your IT admininstrator to our FAQ . f.lux is patent pending. Do you make a cell phone, display, lighting system, other cool sleep tech, and want to talk about collaboration? Contact us: support@justgetflux.com