Real Recipes from Real Home Cooks | Just A Pinch Get the App Recipes Find a Recipe Blue Ribbon Recipes Pinch It!™ Feed Browse Recipes Editorial Food Bites & Articles Videos What is a Blue Ribbon? Meet the Test Kitchen Community Member Recipes Groups Sweepstakes Contests Shopping Real Recipes From Real Home Cooks ® Javascript must be enabled. Welcome to Just A Pinch Recipes New Year Party Recipes Celebrate the new year with our favorite appetizer recipes guaranteed to dazzle guests! See Recipes » Mixed Greens The combination of mixed greens in this recipe reminds us of an old-fashioned dish that a... Recipe of the Day Curated Collection New Year’s Morning Breakfast Casseroles Welcome the new year in the tastiest way possible with New Year’s morning breakfast casseroles. These... Curated Collection Healthier Fare Who says healthy has to be boring! Check out these tasty healthy recipes that will have... Curated Collection 25 Most Popular Recipes of 2025 As 2025 comes to an end, we look back at the recipes that everyone LOVED for... Test Kitchen Picks Crunchy Smoky Pork Chops These are some perfectly moist breaded pork chops. The Panko crumbs and mustard mixture are a... Balsamic Cranberry Orange Glazed Pork Chops We loved the combination of the savory pork with the bright cranberry orange glaze in this... Never-Fail Baked Pork Chops No soggy pork chops here. These baked pork chops are delicious. Made with only four ingredients,... Slow Cooker Ranch Pork Chops Need a super easy dinner? These slow cooker ranch pork chops are it! Made with only... Pork Chops With Cranberry Apple Relish The cranberry apple relish is the star of this dish. We could eat it off a... Member shared recipes are reviewed, and those that have Blue Ribbon potential get whipped up in the Test Kitchen.
                        If the dish is delicious enough, it is awarded a Blue Ribbon. See More Blue Ribbon Recipes » Just A Pinch Sweepstakes Follow Us! Follow @justapinch on Facebook Follow @justapinchcooks on Pinterest Follow @justapinchcooks on X Follow @justapinch on YouTube Follow @justapinchcooks on Instagram #1 for proven recipes from today's home cooks About Contact Us Club Rules Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Advertising Help Report Technical Issue Report Inappropriate Behavior Copyright 2025 Just A Pinch Recipe Club, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by American Hometown Media, Inc. Just A Pinch Food Group