Just Security - A Forum on Law, Rights, and U.S. National Security Just Security – JustSecurity.org Skip to content Just Security Logo in opposite color link to homepage Masthead Support Newsletters Substack icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Bluesky icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Linkedin icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Linkedin Threads icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Threads Facebook icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Facebook Instagram icon opens the Just Security Instagram page Follow us on Instagram YouTube icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on YouTube Icon for a menu opens the mobile menu Open Fly-Out Menu Key Topics Armed Conflict Civilian Harm Israel-Hamas War Russia-Ukraine Sudan Law of Armed Conflict/IHL Use of Force AI & Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence (AI) Cyber Social Media Platforms Climate Change Congress Courts & Litigation Democracy & Rule of Law Democratic Backsliding & Solutions Elections Rule of Law Diplomacy Executive Branch Human Rights International Law International Criminal Law International Human Rights Law Law of Armed Conflict/IHL Use of Force Intelligence & Surveillance Immigration Israel-Hamas War Local Voices Racial Justice Russia-Ukraine Terrorism & Violent Extremism Counterterrorism Domestic Violent Extremism Series Resources Collection: U.S. Lethal Strikes on Suspected Drug Traffickers and Operation Southern Spear The Anti-Corruption Tracker: Mapping the Erosion of Oversight and Accountability Jus Ad Bellum: Syllabus Supplements International Humanitarian Law: Syllabus Supplements Immigration Law & Policy: Syllabus Supplements Litigation Tracker: Legal Challenges to Trump Administration Actions Collection: Just Security’s Coverage of Trump Administration Executive Actions Just Security’s Artificial Intelligence Archive Just Security’s Israel-Hamas War Archive Just Security’s Climate Archive Just Security’s Russia–Ukraine War Archive Russia’s Eliminationist Rhetoric Against Ukraine: A Collection Mapping State Reactions to the ICC Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Gallant Translations Trump Admin Litigation Tracker Podcasts About About Just Security Masthead Advisory Board Guest Authors Write for Us Work With Us Contact Just Security Logo Icon of search glass will submit search query × Search for: × Powered by Algolia Icon of search glass will submit search query Submit search query Nine Stories That Deserved More Attention in 2025 – and Might Shape 2026 What stories or topics merited more attention in 2025, and which might inform law and policy conversations in 2026? Dec. 23, 2025 Megan Corrarino Winter Hiatus Just Security will be on a hiatus returning with our regular publishing schedule on Monday, Jan. 5, 2026. The Early Edition and Today on Just Security newsletters are on hiatus… Dec. 24, 2025 Just Security Fact Checking Bari Weiss: The Stated Reasons for Spiking 60 Minutes “Inside CECOT” "If 60 Minutes had 'explained this' as Weiss described, the segment would have included false or highly misleading information." Dec. 23, 2025 Ryan Goodman and Tom Joscelyn Featured Articles Collection: U.S. Lethal Strikes on Suspected Drug Traffickers and Operation Southern Spear Collection of expert analysis on the legality of the U.S. strike on Venezuelan vessels in the Caribbean, the consequences of the strike, and related issues. Dec. 22, 2025 Just Security Timeline of Boat Strikes and Related Actions A timeline that chronicles major events in the Trump administration’s campaign of lethal strikes against suspected drug traffickers in the Caribbean and Eastern Pacific. Dec. 20, 2025 Jeremy Chin , Margaret Lin and 1 more Jus Ad Bellum: Syllabus Supplements This syllabus supplement offers curated articles intended to be combined with traditional course books and other materials in a law school or higher education classroom. Dec. 19, 2025 Danae Askar and Rebecca Hamilton Blockading Venezuela: The International Law Consequences Expert analysis of the announced U.S. military blockade of Venezuela Dec. 18, 2025 Michael Schmitt and Rob McLaughlin 1 2 3 2 5 Recent Articles No Indispensable Man: The Democratic Foundation of the 22nd Amendment Dec. 23, 2025 Donald K. Sherman and Jennifer Ahearn America’s Cyber Retreat Is Undermining Indo-Pacific Security Dec. 22, 2025 Morgan Peirce Operation Hawkeye Strike: Attacking ISIS in Syria and International Law Dec. 22, 2025 Michael Schmitt and Ryan Goodman Maritime Law Enforcement on the High Seas: Authority, Jurisdiction, and the Seizure of The Skipper Dec. 22, 2025 Elizabeth Hutton Digest of Recent Articles on Just Security (Dec. 13-19, 2025) Dec. 19, 2025 Just Security International Humanitarian Law: Syllabus Supplements Dec. 19, 2025 Danae Askar and Rebecca Hamilton Caesar Act Repeal and the Syria Sanctions Removal Report Card Dec. 19, 2025 Rachel Alpert and Garrett Salzman Litigation Tracker: Legal Challenges to Trump Administration Actions Dec. 19, 2025 Just Security See more recent articles Early Edition December 19 A curated morning round up of news (domestic and international). Start of business each weekday. Email Read / Listen Now Podcast Resources Collection: U.S. Lethal Strikes on Suspected Drug Traffickers and Operation Southern Spear The Anti-Corruption Tracker: Mapping the Erosion of Oversight and Accountability Jus Ad Bellum: Syllabus Supplements International Humanitarian Law: Syllabus Supplements Immigration Law & Policy: Syllabus Supplements Litigation Tracker: Legal Challenges to Trump Administration Actions Collection: Just Security’s Coverage of Trump Administration Executive Actions Just Security’s Artificial Intelligence Archive Just Security’s Israel-Hamas War Archive Just Security’s Climate Archive Just Security’s Russia–Ukraine War Archive Russia’s Eliminationist Rhetoric Against Ukraine: A Collection Mapping State Reactions to the ICC Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Gallant Translations Series Collection: U.S. Lethal Strikes on Suspected Drug Traffickers and Operation Southern Spear Dec. 22, 2025 Just Security A Series on the Occasion of ABILA’s International Law Weekend 2025 Nov. 3, 2025 Maya Nir , Freya Doughty-Wagner and 1 more “When the Guardrails Erode” Series Jul. 23, 2025 Dani Schulkin , Amy Markopoulos and 1 more Governing the Quantum Revolution May 1, 2025 Michael Karanicolas Regulating Social Media Platforms: Government, Speech, and the Law Apr. 2, 2025 Tess Bridgeman , Justin Hendrix and 1 more Symposium: International Law in Ukraine – The View from Lviv Apr. 5, 2024 Just Security Explore Key Topics Armed Conflict AI & Emerging Technology Climate Change Congress Courts & Litigation Democracy & Rule of Law Diplomacy Executive Branch Human Rights International Law Intelligence & Surveillance Immigration Israel-Hamas War Local Voices Racial Justice Russia-Ukraine Terrorism & Violent Extremism Democracy & Rule of Law No Indispensable Man: The Democratic Foundation of the 22nd Amendment Dec. 23, 2025 Donald K. Sherman and Jennifer Ahearn The Anti-Corruption Tracker: Mapping the Erosion of Oversight and Accountability Dec. 10, 2025 Dani Schulkin , Amy Markopoulos and 1 more The Trump Administration’s Use of State Power Against Media: Keeping Track of the Big Picture Dec. 9, 2025 Rebecca Hamilton The (Flimsy) Legal Arguments Used to Justify Art Censorship Dec. 5, 2025 Erika Sanders Executive Branch Litigation Tracker: Legal Challenges to Trump Administration Actions Dec. 19, 2025 Just Security Collection: Just Security’s Coverage of Trump Administration Executive Actions Nov. 3, 2025 Just Security Trump’s Use of Consent Decrees to Dismantle Policy Sep. 23, 2025 John Lewis and Aaron Baum AI & Emerging Technology America’s Cyber Retreat Is Undermining Indo-Pacific Security Dec. 22, 2025 Morgan Peirce Trump’s Chip Strategy Needs Recalibration Dec. 15, 2025 Michael Schiffer Just Security’s Artificial Intelligence Archive Dec. 15, 2025 Clara Apt and Brianna Rosen AI Model Outputs Demand the Attention of Export Control Agencies Dec. 12, 2025 Joe Khawam and Tim Schnabel Congress The Just Security Podcast: Can the U.S. Still Lead on Anti-Corruption? Understanding the Combating Global Corruption Act Dec. 18, 2025 Adam Keith , Schuyler Miller and 1 more Global Corruption, Local Hypocrisy: The Promises and Pitfalls of the U.S. Combating Global Corruption Act Dec. 9, 2025 Schuyler Miller and Adam Keith Legal and Policy Options for a U.S-South Korea Nuclear Submarine Program Dec. 8, 2025 Lowell H. Schwartz Armed Conflict Operation Hawkeye Strike: Attacking ISIS in Syria and International Law Dec. 22, 2025 Michael Schmitt and Ryan Goodman Why a Ukraine-Russia Amnesty Would Violate Geneva Convention Obligations Dec. 11, 2025 Tracey Begley Just Security’s Russia–Ukraine War Archive Dec. 11, 2025 Clara Apt and Tess Graham An Analysis of Resolution 2803 and the International Stabilization Force: A Militarized Enforcement Mission with Precarious Legal and Strategic Implications Dec. 10, 2025 Samiksha Mukherjee and Sanmay Moitra Courts & Litigation A SCOTUS Bench Memo for Trump v. Slaughter, the FTC Removal Case: Stare Decisis, Historical Practice, and Original Intent Dec. 4, 2025 Harold Hongju Koh , Bruce Swartz and 8 more The “Presumption of Regularity” in Trump Administration Litigation Nov. 20, 2025 Ryan Goodman , Siven Watt and 4 more Soldiers in Robes: Why Military Lawyers Can Not and Should Not Serve as Immigration Judges Nov. 17, 2025 Mark Nevitt and Margy O’Herron Community Spotlight JS Co-Editor-in-Chief quoted in The New Yorker Tess Bridgeman spoke to The New Yorker’s Ruth Marcus about the Trump administration’s justification of murder in its lethal campaign against suspected drug traffickers in the Caribbean and East Pacific. Read More JS Co-Editor-in-Chief on BBC News Tess Bridgeman discusses the legality of orders to kill shipwrecked survivors of a U.S. targeted  vessel in the Caribbean on Sept. 2. Read More JS Editor awarded International Law Prize Congratulations to JS Editor Eliav Lieblich, recipient of the Max Planck-Cambridge Prize for International Law, awarded for outstanding contributions to the study of international law and substantial, innovative and cutting-edge Read More JS Editor Mark Nevitt and Author Sarah Harrison Featured in Washington Post Washington Post‘s Warren Strobel, Ellen Nakashima and Noah Robertson cite Nevitt’s and Harrison’s Just Security article discussing the U.S. military’s lethal strikes in the Caribbean and Pacific and the collapse Read More Co-Editor-in-Chief Ryan Goodman Featured on 60 Minutes 60 Minutes interviewed Goodman on a study published at Just Security on how courts have reacted to the Trump administration on issues of compliance and false information. Read More JS Executive Editor Rebecca Hamilton Talks Sudan on Australia’s ABC Executive Editor Rebecca Hamilton updated Australians on the war in Sudan in an extended interview with TV Broadcaster ABC. Read More JS Executive Editor Ní Aoláin Elected Fellow of the British Academy JS Executive Editor Fionnuala Ní Aoláin KC (Hons) has been elected to the British Academy’s Fellowship, in recognition of outstanding contributions to the humanities and social sciences. Read More JS Executive Editor Announced Fullbright U.S. Scholar Congratulations to JS Executive Editor Fionnuala Ní Aoláin, named a Fulbright U.S. Scholar for 2025-2026 in the Fullbright-Schuman European Union Affairs Program. Read More JS Executive Editor Oona Hathaway named Berlin Prize recipient Oona Hathaway is one of 20 fellows awarded the Berlin Prize by the American Academy in Berlin. She will use the fellowship to write her book, “War Unbound.” Read More Co-editor-in-chief Speaks to Financial Times on  Judicial appointees JS co-editor-in-chief Ryan Goodman discussed friction between president Trump and conservative legal community over judicial appointees with FT’s US legal and enforcement correspondent, Stefania Palma. Read More Co-editor-in-chief Speaks to WSJ about Immigration Policy JS co-editor-in-chief Ryan Goodman discussed the political and legal challenges facing the Trump administration’s immigration policy with WSJ Supreme Court Correspondent Jess Bravin. Read More JS author featured in ABA Journal Senior writer for the ABA Journal, Debra Cassens Weiss, features Dean Erwin Chemerinsky’s article about a provision in the House budget bill that would limit federal courts’ contempt power. Read More JS Editor Monica Bell, Professor of Law and Counselor to the Dean at Yale Law School, named 2025-2026 Harvard Radcliffe Institute Fellow Congratulations to Monica Bell, who will join the 26th class of Radcliffe fellows. Bell was chosen for her expertise in issues of inequality, violence, safety, and racial justice. Read More JS Executive Editor Rebecca Hamilton named AU’s Scholar/Teacher of the Year Congratulations to Executive Editor Bec Hamilton, American University’s 2025 Scholar/Teacher of the Year. The award recognizes her for “immeasurably” contributing to the AU community and the field of law. Read More JS Executive Editor Oona Hathaway named 2025 Guggenheim Fellow Congratulations to Executive Editor Oona Hathaway, who will join the 100th class of Guggenheim Fellows. She was tapped based on “prior career achievement and exceptional promise.” Read More JS AIET Director and Senior Fellow Brianna Rosen at Qatar-UK AI Symposium Just Security’s Director for AI & Emerging Technologies Dr. Brianna Rosen chaired a panel on AI diplomacy and defence at the Qatar-UK AI Symposium in London. Read More Co-editor-in-chief speaks to Washington Post about “Signal Gate” JS co-editor-in-chief Ryan Goodman discussed the legal implications, and told the Post his fears for downstream effects. Read Goodman’s analysis of criminal law precedents relevant to Signal Gate. Read More Executive Editor Hamilton on PRX The World re South Sudan JS Executive Editor Rebecca Hamilton spoke to The World’s Carolyn Beeler about the U.S. State Department’s revocation of visas for all South Sudanese nationals. Read More Executive Editor wins ASIL Certificate of Merit for OUP-JS book Just Security Executive Editor Matiangai Sirleaf wins American Society of International Law’s Certificate of Merit book award for high technical craftsmanship and utility to lawyers and scholars. Read More Executive Editor Oona Hathaway nominated President-elect of ASIL Executive Editor Oona Hathaway nominated to serve as President-elect of the American Society of International Law. The organization is home to over 3000 international law scholars and practitioners. Read More DON'T MISS A THING. Stay up to date with Just Security curated newsletters: Early Edition Today on Just Security First Name: Last Name: Email address: Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: Just Security Logo in opposite color link to homepage About Us Key Topics Masthead Series Write For Us Resources Contact Podcasts Support Just Security provides expert analysis and informational resources on the issues that matter most—without paywalls, subscriptions, or ads. Just Security is an editorially independent, non-partisan, daily digital law and policy journal housed in the Reiss Center on Law and Security at the New York University School of Law. Support Just Security in shaping a more informed, just, and secure world by making a tax-deductible donation of any size through the NYU giving page, or becoming a sustaining supporter. Donate Now Stay Connected Substack icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Bluesky icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Linkedin icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Linkedin Threads icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Threads Facebook icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Facebook Instagram icon opens the Just Security Instagram page Follow us on Instagram YouTube icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on YouTube © 2025 Just Security Accessibility × Close Menu Just Security Logo Open Sub-Menu Key Topics Open Sub-Menu Armed Conflict Open Sub-Menu Civilian Harm Open Sub-Menu Israel-Hamas War Open Sub-Menu Russia-Ukraine Open Sub-Menu Sudan Open Sub-Menu Law of Armed Conflict/IHL Open Sub-Menu Use of Force Open Sub-Menu AI & Emerging Technology Open Sub-Menu Artificial Intelligence (AI) Open Sub-Menu Cyber Open Sub-Menu Social Media Platforms Open Sub-Menu Climate Change Open Sub-Menu Congress Open Sub-Menu Courts & Litigation Open Sub-Menu Democracy & Rule of Law Open Sub-Menu Democratic Backsliding & Solutions Open Sub-Menu Elections Open Sub-Menu Rule of Law Open Sub-Menu Diplomacy Open Sub-Menu Executive Branch Open Sub-Menu Human Rights Open Sub-Menu International Law Open Sub-Menu International Criminal Law Open Sub-Menu International Human Rights Law Open Sub-Menu Law of Armed Conflict/IHL Open Sub-Menu Use of Force Open Sub-Menu Intelligence & Surveillance Open Sub-Menu Immigration Open Sub-Menu Israel-Hamas War Open Sub-Menu Local Voices Open Sub-Menu Racial Justice Open Sub-Menu Russia-Ukraine Open Sub-Menu Terrorism & Violent Extremism Open Sub-Menu Counterterrorism Open Sub-Menu Domestic Violent Extremism Open Sub-Menu Series Open Sub-Menu Resources Open Sub-Menu Collection: U.S. Lethal Strikes on Suspected Drug Traffickers and Operation Southern Spear Open Sub-Menu The Anti-Corruption Tracker: Mapping the Erosion of Oversight and Accountability Open Sub-Menu Jus Ad Bellum: Syllabus Supplements Open Sub-Menu International Humanitarian Law: Syllabus Supplements Open Sub-Menu Immigration Law & Policy: Syllabus Supplements Open Sub-Menu Litigation Tracker: Legal Challenges to Trump Administration Actions Open Sub-Menu Collection: Just Security’s Coverage of Trump Administration Executive Actions Open Sub-Menu Just Security’s Artificial Intelligence Archive Open Sub-Menu Just Security’s Israel-Hamas War Archive Open Sub-Menu Just Security’s Climate Archive Open Sub-Menu Just Security’s Russia–Ukraine War Archive Open Sub-Menu Russia’s Eliminationist Rhetoric Against Ukraine: A Collection Open Sub-Menu Mapping State Reactions to the ICC Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Gallant Open Sub-Menu Translations Open Sub-Menu Trump Admin Litigation Tracker Open Sub-Menu Podcasts Open Sub-Menu About Open Sub-Menu About Just Security Open Sub-Menu Masthead Open Sub-Menu Advisory Board Open Sub-Menu Guest Authors Open Sub-Menu Write for Us Open Sub-Menu Work With Us Open Sub-Menu Contact Masthead Support Newsletters Substack icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Bluesky icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on BlueSky Linkedin icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Linkedin Threads icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Threads Facebook icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on Facebook Instagram icon opens the Just Security Instagram page Follow us on Instagram YouTube icon opens the Just Security page Follow us on YouTube Finding our content helpful? Just Security is a non-profit, daily, digital law and policy journal that elevates the discourse on security, democracy and rights. We rely on donations from readers like you. Please consider supporting us with a tax-deductible donation today. Donate Now CLOSE