Skip to content
Close
Publishing Solutions
Streaming Solutions
Advertising Solutions
Partnerships
Company
Login
 SEARCH
Contact Us
 Contact Us
The Future of
Video Innovation|
JWP Connatix empowers you to stream, monetize, and optimize video at scale—all from one industry-leading platform built for performance.
Learn about our Platform
0 seconds of 1 minute, 24 secondsVolume 0%
 
OUR PLATFORM
Comprehensive Solutions
MANAGE AND DELIVER
VIEWER ENGAGEMENT
MAXIMIZE
REVENUE
VIDEO
ADVERTISING
Seamlessly manage & deliver videos.

We help our customers reduce the cost and complexity of video content management to seamlessly deliver live and on-demand video. Content owners maximize their revenue through subscriptions and advertising while creating a premium viewer experience — supported by a powerful and flexible live and VOD streaming platform.

Streamline Your Video Workflow →
Maximize viewer engagement.

Expand audience reach and engagement while extending the value of video content. Increase revenue through our advanced engagement tools including a video studio to enhance articles with more video content, deep insights and analytics, and advanced targeting options.

Boost Viewer Engagement Now →
Maximize revenue.

Drive more value from your video content by turning views into revenue. Our platform supports monetization through AVOD and SVOD services, helping you deliver high-quality, relevant ads that align with audience preferences — without compromising the user experience.

Increase Video Ad Revenue →
Achieve ad outcomes.

Reach relevant audiences through premium inventory with transparency, efficiency, and in brand-safe environments. Our programmatic tools support campaign delivery across both live and on-demand formats, making it easy to run campaigns across online video, mobile, and CTV content effectively.

Optimize Your Video Ad Strategy →
OUR CUSTOMERS
Empowering broadcasters, publishers, and advertisers.

We help media owners seamlessly manage and deliver live and on-demand video and ads. Our advertising solutions use contextual insights and predictive targeting powered by real-time, data-driven decisioning—backed by the expertise of a trusted VOD platform provider.

BROADCASTERS
Deliver live or on-demand video to audiences worldwide with our video streaming services—trusted by organizations across sports, fitness, news, entertainment, finance, government, education, and faith organizations. 
PUBLISHERS
Expand your audience and boost engagement with our video solution for publishers. Publishers across news, fashion, sports, and more increase revenue through relevant, non-disruptive ads that enhance the reader experience.
ADVERTISERS
Brands and agencies that want to maximize the outcomes of their video ad campaigns and reach relevant audiences through premium inventory with transparency, efficiency, and in  brand-safe ways.
JWP Connatix by the Numbers
400
Employees
7K
Customers
89K
Domains & Apps
13K+
Live Events
15B
Monthly Views
80%
of ComScore Top 25
18B
Monthly Ad Impressions
93%+
Viewability
OUR LATEST INSIGHTS
Articles & Resources
Learn more about building a scalable VOD platform, using a live streaming platform for events and programming, and optimizing your video advertising campaigns.
JWP Connatix Rebrands As JWX To Help Media Companies Succeed in a Rapidly Changing Landscape
Unified company provides publishers with the technology they need to connect content with consumers across every platform
Start Reading
JWP Connatix Names Pat DeAngelis as Chief Technology Officer
Technology leader known for scaling platforms and driving product innovation joins to accelerate JWP Connatix’s next chapter.
Start Reading
JWP Connatix Names David LaPalomento as General Manager of Streaming & CTV
Company veteran expands leadership focus to accelerate growth in streaming and connected TV while continuing to partner closely ...
Start Reading

Transforming Content into Growth.
JWX helps streamers, publishers, and advertisers create, deliver, and monetize video with one intelligent workflow - built for speed, scale, and results.

Publishing Solutions
Media & Content Management
VOD & Live Delivery
Security & Access
Video Analytics
Viewer Experience
Services & Support
Streaming Solutions
Ad Delivery
Data Intelligence Suite
Dynamic Strategy Rules
Ad Insertion for CTV
Advertising Solutions
Video & Data Intelligence
Advertising Packages
Programmatic Partnerships
Deep Contextual
Company
About Us
Partnerships
Careers
Resources
News
Events
© 2025 JWP, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy  DMCA  Terms of Service  Ad Choices  Support  Opt Out
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize our communications with you. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings." By clicking “Accept and Continue”, you consent to our use of cookies.Privacy policy page.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept and Continue