JSON Web Tokens - jwt.io Get up-to-speed with JSON Web Tokens. Get the JWT Handbook for free English EN JWT Debugger Debugger Introduction Libraries Ask Get up-to-speed with JSON Web Tokens. Get the JWT Handbook for free English EN JWT Debugger Debugger Introduction Libraries Ask JSON Web Token (JWT) Debugger + Decode, verify, and generate JSON Web Tokens, which are an open, industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties. Learn more about JWT See JWT libraries + For your protection, all JWT debugging and validation happens in the browser. Be careful where you paste or share JWTs as they can represent credentials that grant access to resources. This site does not store or transmit your JSON Web Tokens outside of the browser. Decoder JWT Decoder Encoder JWT Encoder Paste a JWT below that you'd like to decode, validate, and verify. Generate example Encoded value Enable auto-focus JSON Web Token (JWT) JWT Copy Clear Valid JWT Signature Verified Decoded Header JSON JSON Claims Table Claims Table Copy { "alg" : "HS256" , "typ" : "JWT" } Decoded Payload JSON JSON Claims Table Claims Table Copy { "sub" : "1234567890" , "name" : "John Doe" , "admin" : true , "iat" : 1516239022 } JWT Signature Verification (Optional) Enter the secret used to sign the JWT below: Secret Secret Copy Clear Valid secret a-string-secret-at-least-256-bits-long Encoding Format Share feedback | Report issue Get the JWT Handbook Learn how JWT came to be and what problems it was designed to tackle. Download it today for free. Download Ebook Looking for a JWT library? Head on over to our libraries page to find a JWT library in your favorite language. See all libraries Badges Logotype Get Started with JSON Web Tokens Securely implement authentication with JWTs using Auth0 on any stack and any device in less than 10 minutes. Create a free account JWT Debugger PRESENTED BY AUTH0 Passkeys Playground WebAuthn Playground OIDC Playground SAML Tool LEGAL Privacy Policy Security Your Privacy Choices SOCIAL Your Privacy Choices Depending on your state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of certain sharing of personal information with third-party ad partners. We may share personal information with third-party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers, so that we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your personal data in connection with cookies, please update your cookie settings . If you wish to opt out of email-based sharing, provide your email address at this link . Copyright © 2025 Okta. All rights reserved.