JWU | Private, nonprofit, accredited educational leader | Johnson & Wales University skip to main content Apply Now Academics Majors & Programs 3-Year Bachelor’s Degrees Accelerated Master’s Programs Our Faculty Experiential Education Personalized Learning Admissions Visit Campus Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Transfer Students International Students Online Education Cost & Aid Financial Aid Scholarships & Grants Tuition & Fees Financial Planning Team Net Price Calculator Providence Majors & Programs Life on Campus Visit Providence Colleges Athletics Charlotte Majors & Programs Life on Campus Visit Charlotte Colleges Athletics Info For Future Students Current Students Educators Families Alumni Community About JWU Leadership JWU History JWU Magazine Our Alumni Media Center Equity & Compliance Accreditation Resources News Give Request Info Visit Apply Search Go Search options Search Programs Search Faculty and Staff Apply Early Action 2 by January 4 See JWU in action Visit us now Request Info Visit Campus Apply Now Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Online Education Jahsmine Son ’28 is on the Fast Track with a Three-Year Degree “ The industry doesn’t wait, and I feel I shouldn’t have to either, ” Jahsmine shared with WBUR Radio. She’s eager to pursue her dream of having her own restaurant, which is why she’ll be joining our three-year bachelor’s degree program in Hospitality Management this fall. Read more about Jahsmine and our three-year programs. Fast-track to a bachelor’s: Why colleges are offering three-year degrees JWU Stories ABSN Earns Accreditation JWU’s Accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing (ABSN) program has earned national accreditation from the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE). James Beard Award Winner Congratulations to JWU alum Sky Haneul Kim ’14 for winning the James Beard Award for Best Chef in the Northeast. Student Research Ten JWU students, including undergraduates and recent alumni, achieved a significant milestone by being published in the Rhode Island Medical Journal. Discover More JWU Stories Real-World Tested & Ready to Lead At Johnson & Wales University, we believe that learning by doing is one of the most effective and high-impact ways to learn — which is why experiential learning has been woven into all aspects of our education, in and out of the classroom, for more than 100 years. From collecting and analyzing data through research and fieldwork to volunteering with companies and events related to your field of study, JWU’s approach to experiential education puts students on a path to success. Explore Majors & Degrees 94.2% Grads who participated in experiential education (Charlotte and Providence campuses) 1,187 Students who completed an internship 96.1% Of employers rate JWU’s internship program as good or exceptional The Network and Know-How to Succeed Curious what professional pathways are possible with a Health Science degree? Or maybe you’re interested in seeing where a bachelor’s in Graphic Design can take you. In the university’s “How I Got Here” series young JWU alumni share how the skills and networks honed on and off campus paved the way for personal and professional success. View the Full Series Visit JWU There’s so much to do (and see) at JWU! Whether you are exploring the Providence or Charlotte campus, you will get an up-close look at what makes JWU great. Explore where you’ll live, learn, and enjoy all campus has to offer. We can’t wait to show you JWU! Visit Providence Immerse yourself in Providence's thriving arts, music and restaurant scene that is bolstered by JWU alumni. Visit Providence Visit Charlotte Enjoy southern hospitality in the finance capital of the South, home of a hot restaurant scene fueled by JWU alumni. Visit Charlotte Online JWU Online offers the same high-quality academic programs that have defined our more than 100-year history. JWU Online Request information Visit Campus Providence Charlotte Start your application Contact us 8 Abbott Park Place, Providence, RI 02903 800-342-5598 A to Z About Academics Academic Calendars Accreditation Admissions Alumni Apply to JWU Athletics Campuses Career Services Catalog Compliance Consumer Information Employment Give to JWU Hire Our Students International Admissions jwuLink Kitchen Academy Media Center POSSIBILITY 2027 Social Directory Terms of Use Tuition & Aid Virtual Tours Wildcat Gear Contact Us © Johnson & Wales University Notice of Nondiscrimination Johnson & Wales University (JWU) admits students of or with any age, color, disability, ethnic and national origin, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital or parental status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected category to all the activities, privileges, programs, and rights generally accorded or made available to students at the university. JWU does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, ethnic and national origin, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital or parental status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected status, in administration of its admissions policies, educational policies, loan and scholarship programs, and athletic or any other school-administered programs. Inquiries regarding the university’s nondiscrimination policies may be directed to the university’s Title IX Coordinator. Read the university’s full nondiscrimination notice .