The Ultimate Movie Platform for Your Home Theater - Kaleidescape Products Movies Testimonials More PLAY VIDEO FIND A DEALER BUY ONLINE NEW! Mini Terra Prime Movie Server Kaleidescape The Ultimate Movie Platform Kaleidescape is the only digital provider of movies with lossless audio and full reference video quality. Testimonials Awards Comparison Awarded Fast Company Next Big Things in Tech 2024. Awarded #1 Brand Leader for Media Servers by CEPro three years in a row. Awarded Luxury Lifestyle Awards Winner 2025. Hear the Difference Kaleidescape delivers movies, TV series, and concerts in lossless audio formats including Dolby Atmos and DTS:X. With an audio bitrate 10x higher than typical streamer rates, Kaleidescape dramatically elevates your processor, amplifiers, speakers, and room treatments. Experience the difference in quality you will hear not just in the ground-shaking rumbles but in the transporting power of each subtle sound. See the Difference With a video bitrate 10x higher than typical streamer rates, Kaleidescape elevates your video processor, projector, and screen to produce lifelike clarity and precision. With compressed video on streamers, encoding artifacts such as softness, noise, and banding become obvious and distracting. Kaleidescape eliminates these distractions, allowing you to showcase your theater’s capabilities with breathtakingly realistic action scenes and special effects. Experience the Difference Kaleidescape movie experts annotate each movie with data such as screen size, end credit, and intermission cues. This allows our players to integrate with your home automation to dim lights, close shades, and adjust seating when the titles roll, and automatically screen mask to match the ratio of each film—immersive experiences that streaming services simply can’t achieve. Just press play and let your virtual projectionist do the rest. “Kaleidescape is an essential part of my life and has been since 2007.  It’s allowed me to curate a great library of films over the years, to cross-reference titles and follow my own threads — in other words, to have a treasury of cinematic history at my fingertips. And these days, when movies are routinely devalued and streamed in forms that are often compromised, I’ve come to value Kaleidescape more than ever.  From the presentation of uncompressed 4K to the meticulous attention to every aspect of the film as the director intended it, Kaleidescape is grounded in a true and deep love for the art of cinema. Frankly, I don’t know what I’d do without it.” —Martin Scorsese View Testimonials All content featured is available for purchase on the Kaleidescape movie store. All copyrights, trademarks, and logos are property of their respective owners. Content availability varies by territory. PRODUCTS Strato Movie Players Terra Prime Movie Servers The Ultimate 4K System Legacy Products Reviews MOVIES Movie Store Kaleidescape vs. Streaming Mobile App Parental Controls Marine Movie Service FILMMAKER SPOTLIGHT Martin Scorsese Ben Affleck Josh Gad Barry Sonnenfeld Ron Bartlett Clancy Brown Gary Rydstrom Tom Ozanich Rob Hahn HOME THEATER GUIDE Overview Design Audio Video Example Systems Gallery COMPANY About Leadership News & Press Releases Awards Partners Brand Resources Contact Us Testimonials Dealer Extranet Support Legal Dev Options Header Logo Version No tagline Header Link font Kaleidescape Footer Footer Category font Kaleidescape Footer Link font Kaleidescape Dark Pages Show Title No Hero Title font Kaleidescape Block Emphasized font Kaleidescape Block Regular font Kaleidescape Button font (dark pages) Kaleidescape Light Pages Subheader Title font Kaleidescape Subheader Link font Kaleidescape Document Title font Kaleidescape Document Subtitle font Kaleidescape Body Copy font Kaleidescape Button font (light pages) Kaleidescape Products Movies Testimonials Reviews News & Press Releases Awards Marine Home Theater Guide About Support Find a Dealer Contact Us