□ Buy Traditional Indian Clothing for Wedding & Special Occasion
| KALKI Fashion USA Your cart Items 0 Your cart is empty Shop our range, and start crafting your look women bridal LUXE Men Kids Loading... Promo code? Subtotal $0 Discount on MRP - $0 Estimated total $0 Update Secure Checkout Shop all products View Cart By clicking on checkout you are agreeing to Return Policy . We Accept Styled more than 100,000 Clients Seamless Video Shopping Experience Designer Quality styles Free Shipping within US* Easy returns* Shipping Happiness to 200 Countries (FREE Over US$299) Get exclusive insider information. Sign in/Sign Up Women Men Bridal Luxe Ready To Ship Sarees Style See All Saree Ready to Ship Embroidered Sarees Instant Saree Ready To Wear Saree Plain Saree Embellished Saree Handloom Saree Occasion Festive Saree Haldi  Saree Mehendi Saree Partywear Wedding Saree Collections Organza Saree Tissue Saree Chikankari Saree Classic Saree Sequin Saree Printed Saree Ruffle Saree Quick Link Under USD 199 Bestselling Sarees New Arrivals Saree Sale Saree Blouse Last Chance Color Black Saree Pink Saree Red Saree Green Saree Blue Saree Salwar Kameez Style See All Suits Ready To Ship Sharara Suit Anarkali Suit Palazzo Suit Kurta Set With Dupatta Jumpsuit Dress Material Dhoti Suit Jacket Suit Kurtis Occasion Festive Suit Engagement Suit Haldi Suit Partywear Suit Wedding Suit Collection Chikankari Suit Bandhani Suit Printed Suit Classic Suit Quick Link Under USD 199 Bestselling Suit New Arrivals Discounted Deals Plus Size Suit last chance Color Yellow Suit Black Suit White Suit Pink Suit Lehenga Occasion Engagement Lehenga Haldi Lehenga Mehendi Lehenga Sangeet Lehenga Partywear Lehenga Wedding Lehenga Bridal Lehenga Collection Pastel Lehenga Floral Lehenga Mirror Lehenga Sequin Lehenga Jacket lehenga Ruffle Lehenga Style See All Lehenga Ready To Ship Bridesmaid Lehenga Croptop And Skirt Lehenga Quick Link Bestselling Lehenga New Arrivals Discounted Deals Color Green Lehenga Yellow Lehenga Red Lehenga Pink Lehenga Purple Lehenga Indo Western Style Jumpsuit Ready to Wear Saree Layered Croptop Edit Skirt & Crop Fusion Co-ords Blouse Style See All Blouses Ready To Ship Embroidered Blouse Plain Blouse Bridal Blouse Collection Velvet Blouse Raw Silk Blouse Sequin Blouse Satin Blouse Color Red Blouse Black Blouse Golden Blouse White Blouse Green Blouse Pink Blouse Mens Style See All Menswear Sherwani Suit Kurta Jacket Set Kurta Set Indowestern Menswear Tuxedo Suit Jodhpuri Suit Only Kurtas Footwear Occasion Festive Haldi Mehendi Sangeet Cocktail Wedding Reception Relation Groom Groomsman Father Brother Collections Ombre Collection Printed Menswear Minimal Styles Quick Link Bestselling Menswear New Arrivals Discounted Deals Mens Wear Under USD 200 Ready To Ship Plus Size Menswear Limited Edition + 10% Off Color Black Men Ethnic Wear Blue Men Ethnic Wear Green Men Ethnic Wear Yellow Men Ethnic Wear Red Men Ethnic Wear White Men Ethnic Wear Kids Boy See All Kurta Set Nehru Jacket Sets Sherwani Girl See All Lehengas Gown Salwar Kameez Occasion Wedding Festive Accessories Jewellery See All Earrings Necklace Set Bangles/Bracelet Rings Head Accessory Bags See All Footwear See All Women's Footwear Men's Footwear Bestsellers Wedding Occasion Engagement Haldi Mehendi Sangeet Cocktail Wedding Reception Shopper Bride Groom Bridesmaid Groomsman Mother of Bride/Groom Father of Bride/Groom Fam Jam Edit Wedding Guest Collection Occasion Festive Collection Wedding Haldi Mehendi Sangeet Engagement Cocktail Trousseau Pooja Collections Cape Styles Heavy Embriodered Boho style Classic Style Print Pastel Bandhani Edit Ombre Aura Shimmer Soiree Lucknowi Noor Organza Edit Exclusive Collections Zehn Couture Kalki x Raja Kumari Mushk Couture '24 The Atelier Couture Bride & Baraat VIII Inara Couture '24 Zayra Couture '23 New New Arrivals Latest Salwar Suits Latest Sarees Latest Lehengas Latest Menswear Jewels & Clutches Sale Category Salwar Kameez Sale Saree Sale Lehenga Sale Menswear Sale Kurti Sale Last Chance Discount Festive Sale 20% and Above 30% and Above 40% and Above See All Style Kurta Jacket Set Kurta Set Indowestern Menswear Tuxedo Suit Jodhpuri Suit Occasion Festive Haldi Mehendi Sangeet Cocktail Wedding Reception Relation Groom Groomsman Father Brother Collections Printed Collection Minimal Styles Ombre Collection Quick Link Bestselling Menswear New Arrivals Discounted Deals Mens Wear Under USD200 Ready To Ship Plus Size Menswear Limited Edition + 10% Off Color Black Men Ethnic Wear Blue Men Ethnic Wear Green Men Ethnic Wear Yellow Men Ethnic Wear Red Men Ethnic Wear White Men Ethnic Wear Sherwanis Kurta Jacket Set Kurta Sets Indowestern Tuxedos Jodhpuris New Arrival Footwear Sale Kids Boys See All Kurtas Set Nehru Jacket Sets Sherwani Girls See All Lehengas Gowns Salwar Kameez Occasion Wedding Festive Occasion Phera Engagement Sangeet Cocktail Reception Nikah Style See All Bridal Styles Bridal Lehenga Bridal Gown Collections Mushk Couture '24 Atelier Collection Bride & Baraat VIII Inara Couture '24 Zayra Couture '23 Rumi Couture '22 Noor Couture '22 Rooh Bridal Couture Hera Couture '21 Find a KALKI Store Women Men Bridal Luxe Find Store Search for Search for style, collections & more... Log in Cart Search for style, collections & more... Ready To Ship Sarees Salwar Kameez Lehenga Indo Western Blouse Mens Kids Accessories Bestsellers Wedding Collection New Sale Download the App! For Better Kalki Shopping Experience ! SignIn / SignUp to avail the offers and coupon codes Sale Ready To Ship Virtual Appointment Login 24-hour Dispatch Free Shipping Free Shipping Within India. For US - Free Shipping on orders above $299. Learn more about Free Shipping Easy Returns Return Policy Introducing Easiest Returns Ever in the United States We've expanded to nearly 10,000 return locations, ensuring that 90% of Americans reside within just 10 miles of our return centre. Within this larger network, we aim to enhance convenience for our customers even further with reduced customer support. Contact Us: 9920012474 Know more Free Shipping* Over $299 Shipping Globally Order Above US $299 Shipping Free & Less Than US $299 Shipping - US $29 Australia Bahrain Canada Denmark France Germany Hong Kong Italy Luxembourg Maldives Malaysia Netherland New Zealand Phispanppines Singapore Spain Sri Lanka South Africa Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Learn more about Shipping Charges KALKI Express KALKI Express A Tailored Alteration Innovation! Experience seamless access to high-quality alterations with our swift and expert service within the US, the UK & Australia. Contact Now 9920012474 for hassle-free alterations. Learn More Custom Fitting Custom Fitting Custom fitting is available for all customers, reach out to us on Chat or support. Product customization is also available - For example, you need product A's Skirt and product B's Top. Or if you need a specific product in a specific Color Reach out to us on chat or Book an e- appointment. New Styles Daily Delivered Duty Paid KALKI brings you 100+ new styles daily across all sarees, suits, lehengas and more. It's a one-of-a-kind experience for shoppers to discover the latest trends and timeless classics. With fresh arrivals every day, you'll always find something exciting for your wardrobe. Learn More 24x7 Wedding Shop Via Video Call With Our In-store Stylists START CALL NOW The Modern Man Shop Now Ready To Ship Styles Shop Now Republic Day Specials Shop Now The Festive Edit '26 Lohri | Pongal | Makar Sankranti Shop Now Top Collection Co-ord Sets Shop Now Junior Edit Shop Now Timeless Jewels Shop Now Modern Fusionwear Shop Now Shop The Look Green Crepe Kurta Set With Indie Print And Moti Detail View Mauve Kurta Pant Set With Embroidered Nehru Jacket View Gold Net Jaal Bead Work Saree with Unstitched Blouse View Black Chinon Crop Top and Skirt Set View Pink Crepe Bridesmaid Lehenga With Intricate Hand Embroidery View Black Crepe Indie Printed Kurta and Pant Set View Green Floral Printed Anarkali Suit Set In Silk View Mustard Yellow Silk Designer Kurta For Men With Vintage Floral Print View Royal Blue Jaquard Silk Saree With Zari Butti And Brocade Border View Dusky Pink Ready Pleated Saree With Embroidered Blouse View ✕ Editor's Picks The Saree Edit Introducing Instant Saree Pre-Drape Now Any saree can now be pre-draped instantly Curated Collections . The Shimmer Edit Shop Now . Signature Capes Shop Now . Contemporary Prints Shop Now . Forever Classics Shop Now Wedding Collection . Engagement Collection Shop Now . Haldi and Mehendi Edit Shop Now . Cocktail Collection Shop Now . Reception Collection Shop Now Shop via video call Get a free virtual styling session Book an appointment The bridal stylist Book your personal bridal consultation and buy the perfect wedding dress Book an appointment VISIT OUR INSTAGRAM DIARIES Follow To Know More @kalkifashion Visit our Stores KALKI Ludhiana Visit Store KALKI Mumbai Kala Ghoda Visit Store KALKI Delhi South Ex 2 Visit Store View Collection KALKI Mumbai Visit Store View Collection KALKI Ahmedabad Visit Store View Collection KALKI Bengaluru Visit Store View Collection KALKI Surat Visit Store View Collection KALKI Hyderabad Visit Store View Collection KALKI Delhi Pitampura Visit Store View Collection KALKI Indore Visit Store View Collection Customer Stories They delivered my outfit on time. Outfit looked great,  fitting and everything worked out perfect for me. I would definitely recommend others. Shradha Patel Michigan, USA "I wore two stunning outfits, each with its own unique vibe and style. Every time I wear them, I feel like the main character! Both outfits were incredibly comfortable and well-designed." Nandini Kothari Mandsaur, Madhya Pradesh I absolutely loved my KALKI outfits. The design is stunning, the quality is exceptional, and the fit was perfect. The attention to details is incredible, and the red lehenga was beautiful. It's elegant and timeless - love it. Deesha Kumbham New York City, USA This saree is absolutely beautiful and complemented my skin tone perfectly. It exudes a classic vintage charm, making it an elegant and timeless choice. Ruchi Rawat Bengaluru, Karnataka "I would just say it has become my go to for my wedding fits , its honestly a one stop solution for all the trousseau needs. Love the collection, love the staff treatment, love everything about KALKI." Krishna Agarwal Surat, Gujarat "I find the designs supremely unique and the feel is so comfortable after wearing them. I can vouch that there were plenty of folks reaching out to me in all the events just to ask who am I wearing!" Abhinav Singh Raghav Hyderabad, Telangana Buy Traditional Indian Clothes and Ethnic Wear Online at KALKI Fashion KALKI Fashion is a magical destination where all kinds of premier Indian traditional wear can be found online. Indulge in unparalleled convenience as you explore a vast array of the most spectacular Indian outfits, all available for online purchase from the comfort of your home. From Indian sarees , sharara suits , and lehenga choli to men's Indian clothing , all kinds of Indian dresses for women and men can be bought with just a click of the mouse. So, no more running around to find traditional Indian clothing when you can deliver everything to your doorstep. KALKI Fashion: Transcending Boundaries to Offer Indian Traditional Wear and Indo-Western Outfits KALKI is not only a one-stop destination for Indian ethnic wear but also has a vast collection of indo-western outfits that can upgrade your wardrobe to another level. KALKI has captured the global audience’s admiration by providing high-quality clothes that are rich in tradition and have a contemporary flair. So, whether you want to buy an evening gown for your engagement or Indian clothes online for an upcoming wedding, KALKI is a sure-shot option for Indian outfits online shopping that will leave you spoilt for choice. Bridal Wear for Every Kind of Bride Whether you are a traditional bride who prefers to embrace ethnic styles and elements in your wedding attire or a modern trendsetter who wants to flaunt chic bridal wear for your special day, KALKI is the perfect place to find your dream outfits. From Banarasi brocade sarees, embroidered sarees , and heavily embellished lehengas to gowns with mind-blowing cuts and gorgeous saree gowns in a variety of fabrics and hues, the quality, craftsmanship, and exclusivity of the bridal collection are breathtaking. KALKI lets you choose your wedding attire according to your taste and preferences, ensuring you can be your best on your special day. Grooms, Here's Your Chance to Look Stylish in Indian Men's Clothing Why should women have all the fun? KALKI specializes in producing exemplary bridal wear and is a treasure trove for all the grooms who wish to look dapper on their wedding day. So, all the men out there do not miss the chance to look exceptionally stylish on your D-day by adorning men’s Indian clothing from KALKI. Choose from a wide range of regal sherwanis, chic Indian kurta-pajama sets , swanky tuxedos, etc., as per the occasion and make a striking impression. While embroidered kurta sets, dhoti sets, etc. look perfect on haldi and sangeet functions, royal sherwanis and stylish suit sets are perfect for weddings and engagement ceremonies. Something for the Bridesmaids, Groomsmen and Guests KALKI has cast its magic spell on the bride and groom and the entire family. From the mother-in-law to the father-in-law, from granddad to grandmom, from the jijas to the saalis, from masi to mausaji, from the bridesmaids to the groomsmen you can find Indian ethnic wear as well as indo-western outfits to suit everyone’s taste and preferences. The clan can choose between royal anarkali suits, organza sarees , sharara suits, georgette lehengas , silk kurtas for men, dhoti kurtas, ready-to-wear sarees , etc., and look ethereal. KALKI also gives you the option and assists you in choosing color-coordinated outfits for the group to add flair to the wedding festivities. Indian Clothes for Kids Too! Keeping the little ones away from KALKI’s magic spell would be unfair while the adults dazzle in mesmerizing Indian outfits and contemporary wear. KALKI has an amazing collection of lehenga sets, anarkali gowns, crop tops paired with skirts, kurta pajama sets, sherwani sets , etc. that will make our little fashionistas look uber cool and stylish on weddings and festivals like Diwali, Holi, and Durga Pooja, Navratri, etc. Great care is taken to produce outfits that are age-appropriate and comfortable, along with being attractive and stylish. Indian traditional wear and cute contemporary wear in vibrant hues in rich and luxurious fabrics like silk, georgette, organza, etc. that can make the kids look spectacular are right there waiting for you. Browse Gorgeous Indian Jewelry to Elevate Your Indian Outfits You will fail to do justice to your majestic Indian outfits if you do not pair them with magnificent Indian jewelry that can elevate any outfit manifold. All the Indian jewelry that you can think of, be it a maang tikka , a hathphool, stunning kundan bangles, sterling silver earrings, statement-making jhumkas, impressive temple kadas, pearl necklaces, nose rings , etc., is available at KALKI. Intricately carved jewelry pieces embedded with precious stones and meenakari work or oxidized two-tone jewelry can enhance your look on all formal and casual occasions. Mix and match jewelry pieces to add a personalized touch and express your unique personality. Overall, KALKI Fashion is a haven for buying Indian jewelry online . Why Choose KALKI Fashion KALKI is a reliable choice for finding stellar Indian clothes online. Its commitment to quality, authenticity, and customer satisfaction is well above the normal standards. The facilities of international delivery, video calling for online consultation for bridal wear, customizations and alterations per your tastes and preferences, flexible return policy, etc. are some of the features that make KALKI a trusted and popular name in the fashion industry. So, if you want to leave everyone spellbound and make heads turn by adorning spectacular traditional Indian clothing, KALKI Fashion is it!!! Read More... Designer Wear Kidswear Saree Blouse Mens Accessories KALKI Influencers Celebrity Wear Bridal Wedding Dresses Zayra - LFW Inara - LFW II About Us About Us Contact Us Blog Web Stories Testimonial Press Lookbook Our Stores KALKI Fashion Show Video Call Appointment Buying Guide Policies Terms & Conditions Shipping Returns Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For APP Payment Policy FAQ's Customization Charges Sustainability Grievances My Account Shopping Bag Wishlist Order History Order Tracking Buy in bulk Safe & Secure Payment Experience KALKI App On Mobile Follow Us Get In Touch +91 (22) 4890 0416 (INDIA) Email Us On info@kalkifashion.com Latest Ethnic Collection: Zehn Couture Kalki x Raja Kumari Mushk Couture '24 The Atelier Couture Bride & Baraat VIII Inara Couture '24 Zayra Couture '23 New Arrival Latest Salwar Suits Latest Sarees Latest Lehengas Latest Men's wear Best Seller Best Selling Salwar Suits Best Selling Saree Best Selling Lehengas Best Selling Gown Best Selling Kurti Best Selling Men's wear Quick Links Lohri Collection Makar Sankranti Pongal Collection Sale Suits Under $200 Saree Under $200 Men's Wear Under USD 200 Weave Saree Measurement Saree and Blouse Salwar and Kameez Lehengas and Choli Gowns Size Chart Maternity Size Guide 24x7 Customer Support Free Shipping* Easy Returns* Custom Fitting We Ship Across the World United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, India © 2007 - 2026 KALKI Fashion Privat Limited All Rights Reserved. Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window. Live Chat Live Shopping Redirect notification Now you will be redirected to another store view according to your geo-location. OK Login / Sign Up Enter your log in details Phone Request OTP I accept that I have read & understood Privacy Policy and T&Cs. Already have an account ? Sign In We have migrated our platform, Kindly reset password inorder to login Email Address* Password Forgot your password? Sign In Use Mobile Number Instead Don’t have an account? Sign Up Email Address* Submit Submit Return To Login With Email Enter OTP The OTP is sent on OTP Verify OTP Didn't Receive the OTP? Resend OTP 00 05 Verify OTP in 5 second Enter Account Details Enter below details and update your account First Name* Last Name* Email* Email Phone Please enter a valid Phone Number Date of Birth* Gender* Gender Male Female Prefer not to answer Anniversary Date (optional) Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive content and news. l agree to the Terms of Service. Please agree to proceed. Update 🎉 Congratulations! Verification Successful Logging you in Enter the coupon code below for 10% off your order CODE : SAVE10PLEASE Exclusive for New Users