Kaltura video solutions for superior webinars, events, hubs & more Search for: Login KMC Virtual Classroom Webinars Meetings Products Avatar Agents NEW Create real-time, goal-driven interactions at scale, with intelligent, secure, always-on conversational agents. Video portal Make your VOD content accessible anytime, anywhere, with secure, flexible, vastly scalable video hubs. Events & webinars Create, manage, monitor, measure and repurpose with AI all your digital events in one place, and make each one an affair to remember. Virtual classroom Keep learners engaged, empowered, and equipped with experiences that boost focus, collaboration, and outcomes. AI Work Genie Transform the way users access your organization’s knowledge with AI, driving employee productivity and customer success. AI Content Lab Repurpose and transforms long-form content into interactive, bite-sized experiences, like video clips, quizzes, and summaries. Education suite AI Class Genie Campus events Virtual classroom LMS video Lecture capture Media & telecom suite Streaming platform Cloud TV Video for publishers Developer suite Kaltura developer suite Video content management system Solutions Corporate communication Engage employees with AI-powered events, town halls, and video hubs – secure, scalable, and impactful. Higher education Deliver personalized learning in one AI video campus with LMS integration, AI tutor, and automated accessibility. Marketing & sales Turn webinars and events into AI-powered content engines that drive engagement and ROI. Employee training Build interactive, compliant training with personalized learning paths, live sessions, and smart VOD libraries. Media & telecom Launch and monetize content at scale with telco-grade streaming and AI personalization. AI video suite NEW Automate and personalize every stage of the video lifecycle with an enterprise-grade, agentic AI engine. Kaltura is bringing video to life with avatars that see, listen, and respond. Get an early look at Kaltura’s immersive virtual agents, turning video into natural, intelligent conversation. See what's next Customers & partners Customers Get inspired by how our customers engage audiences, build connections and achieve remarkable business results with Kaltura. Read more Need help? Have questions? Want to know more? It’s all in here Knowledge center Video tutorials Training services Professional services Partner marketplace We partner with the best to give you even more! Upcoming webinar: Meet the Publishing Agent: Your end-to-end content co-producer January 14 th , 11 AM ET / 5 PM CET Register now Resources Resource center Explore our library of useful assets and get your hands on anything you can read, watch, and listen to. White-papers and guides Connect 2025 Developer center Podcast Blog Find all your answers here. From top tips to strategies and tools, and complete guides about all things digital experiences. Webinars Check out our upcoming webinars or catch them on-demand. Get expert takes and hot topics every month! Case Studies See first-hand how our amazing customers are skyrocketing engagement & boosting ROI with dazzling digital experiences. The state of AI video in the enterprise 2025 survey Strategies for AI video: how top teams are increasing productivity and scaling knowledge Read more Digital memory, activated: How to preserve company knowledge with AI This whitepaper explores how forward-thinking L&D leaders are redefining knowledge management with AI by shifting from passive storage to active intelligence with digital institutional memory. Read more FOR Case Study Read more Pricing Company About us We’ve been at the forefront of digital experience innovation since 2006 Read more W ho we are, what drives us, and our vision for the future of digital engagement Leadership Investor relations Newsroom Careers ESG Contact us Kaltura recognized by Gartner® as a Representative Vendor! Organizations across industries rely on Kaltura to enhance marketing, sales, training, and customer engagement. Learn more Login KMC Virtual Classroom Webinars Meetings Take a tour × Contact Us AI-infused webinars & events video portals training platforms virtual classrooms streaming solutions digital experiences to boost your reach, engagement, and ROI Kaltura’s interactive, Agentic AI video solutions will bring you closer to your audience and goals Book a demo The top teams from technology financial & business services healthcare & pharma IT & professional services retail & manufacturing education & public sector media & telecom organizations trust Kaltura Your path to impactful engagement starts here Marketing & sales Corporate communication Higher education Media & telecom Employee Training Activate your content, grow your pipeline Repurpose every webinar, event, or video into endless opportunities – use AI to generate automatic clips, surface relevant content, and keep audiences engaged long after the live moment. Repurpose content into high-impact assets Capture and analyze first-party data Fuel sales with personalized journeys Take a tour Engage, align, and inspire at scale Run AI-powered town halls and video hubs on one secure platform – with built-in analytics for actionable insights, multi-device access, and AI agents that prep, summarize, and moderate in real time. Drive engagement Unify communications Automate the heavy lifting Take a tour Personalized learning for every student Deliver hybrid, personalized, and accessible learning on one AI-powered video campus – with LMS integration, multilingual access, and tools to boost retention and graduation rates. Power smarter learning journeys Engage remote and in-person learners Track engagement to improve outcomes Take a tour Monetize and personalize every stream Stream telco-grade content to millions on one secure, scalable platform – with AI-powered discovery, flexible monetization models, and tools to boost engagement and retention. Stream flawlessly on any device Personalize discovery and recommendations Maximize revenue with dynamic models Take a tour Smarter training, stronger teams Run personalized onboarding, upskilling, and compliance programs on one AI-powered platform – with live and on-demand learning, automated certifications, and analytics to boost performance. Create role-based learning paths Engage employees with interactive sessions Measure progress and ensure compliance Learn more Upcoming webinar Meet the Publishing Agent: Your end-to-end content co-producer January 14 th , 11 AM ET / 5 PM CET Register now Introducing Work Genie: Turning your org’s knowledge into AI magic Empower your employees, customers and partners with AI-powered, hyper-personalized intelligence and learning experiences. Discover Work Genie Why world-renowned enterprises partner with Kaltura 89% audience engagement Kaltura’s engagement tools have enabled 89% webinar & event audience engagement. #1 1st-party data generator Our webinars & events platform is the #1 engagement data generator for enhanced insights. Top 3 pipeline drivers Our webinars, events, & digital programs are among customers’ top 3 pipeline driving channels. 83% efficiency increase Consolidating 6 platforms into 1 lets our customers cut costs and boost productivity. 2X increase in SQL Customers generated twice the Sales Qualified Leads using our webinars & events platform. 32% satisfaction boost Customers saw a 32% increase in end-user satisfaction scores since implementing our platform. 6X client reach growth A remarkable 6X increase was achieved in client reach with our digital engagement platform. 50% cost reduction Customers saved 50% on costs per subscriber with Kaltura’s Cloud TV platform. See how industry leaders drive genuine results Jenny Sacks VP Brand Insights & Technology Salesforce “We’ve seen an incredible increase in engagement with chat, with polls, with some of the clickthrough features that we’ve enabled. With Dreamforce, we saw a 536% increase in engagement – which is incredible!” Clarissa Gent EMEA Partner Marketing Director AWS “Modern digital marketing gives us the unique ability to leverage the scale that an online platform like Kaltura has to offer. With Kaltura, we are able to localize and tailor the content to really make that content resonate with the audience.” Wolfgang Zeller Head of TV Technology Vodafone “We built our entire service with Kaltura, which allows for the scale and reliability that is expected from a multinational Pay TV operator.” Aron de Boks Digital Strategist ABN AMRO “Kaltura is always and continuously improving their product. They’re giving a voice to every employee – and we have 18k employees!” Roman Faminou Senior Product Marketing Manager Google “Something I’m very excited about is that we’ve also added the leaderboard to our Kaltura-based partner training program, which is magical when it comes to making people feel like they’re part of a learning community, but also making them feel like they’re doing very well.” Matt Robson Broadcast Journalism Instructor University of Sheffield “We had always struggled to find a reliable system that would allow students to quickly and easily upload their video projects, and that would link with our LMS for the delivery of marks and feedback to students. Kaltura has provided this powerful solution for us.” Mor Kristal Paul Events and Production Team Lead Monday “We were broadcasting our flagship event in three different time zones, using the follow-the-sun capabilities of Kaltura, which were amazing.” David Boyll Senior Director Media Technology Oracle “One of the benefits of the Kaltura platform is that the live and on-demand components within [Oracle’s] Otube are integrated. So that, once we were done with the live webcast, it’s a very short turnaround to hosting the on-demand video from the event.” Melanie Crowsey Digital Media Producer Thomson Reuters “Kaltura was unique in the way they had just everything. It’s a many-to-many digital asset management system – so we host it, send it, and curate it all in one place.” Your digital experience building blocks Achieve your growth goals waaay ahead of the rest with our portfolio of digital engagement products Learn more Webinars Create, manage, and repurpose your webinars like never before with instant landing pages, AI-infused agenda & content generator, advanced moderation tools, polls, reactions & confetti, real-time analytics, and everything you need to attract attendees, drive participation, raise awareness, and create a branded experience that will live on (and on-demand). Learn more Video Portal A centralized, fully customizable video-hosting hub that’s tailored to your organization’s branding needs and content. Secure, flexible, vastly scalable, and integrated with AI-powered branding and repurposing capabilities, our video portal solution ensures access and collaboration by all stakeholders. Learn more Training platform Beautifully branded onboarding sessions, ongoing training and team-building modules, and on-demand video hubs to keep your employees upskilled, uplifted, and up to date. Plus, our AI assistant monitors interaction in real time and offers instant suggestions to boost learners’ engagement and focus. Learn more Events A one-stop shop that lets you create, manage, and measure all your events in one place. Our handy AI assistant assesses engagement in real time and offers ready-made solutions for instant improvement. So, whether it’s a flagship event or a small gathering, live product launch or a hybrid ‘Happy holidays!’, you’ll make every event an affair to remember. https://www.google.com/ Education suite Video LMS, live & on-demand events, real-time virtual classrooms, interactive video hubs , and AI capabilities that make both branding and engagement a breeze, so you can focus on driv ing better student participation and learning outcomes . Cloud TV platform A flexible, robust, endlessly scalable platform that lets you expand your reach, personalize your streaming content (with our AI-powered TV Genie), continue to drive engagement and ARPU, and keep your audience glued to their screens. More Kaltura products Virtual classroom Streaming platform Developer experience Video content management Find inspiration for your own success story Wix’s global product launch event achieved 85% audience engagement . Learn more Adobe trained 7K educators via hands-on digital programs. Learn more University of Padua caters to 65K students via higher-ed. video solutions. Learn more VMware by Broadcom’s video hub boasts over 20K videos for employee & customer enablement. Learn more Salesforce have doubled the reach of their events and saw a 536% boost in engagement . Learn more Airbnb’s creative way to engage their community before, during, and after events . Learn more Twilio is transforming the landscape of multi-channel content distribution . Learn more SAP is reshaping event experiences, guiding customers through a full virtual journey. Learn more Watch Brazil’s streaming platform gained 3 million paid subscribers in under a year. Learn more AWS is setting the standard for content distribution and audience engagement using data-fueled success metrics. Learn more H CC’s learning platform support s its +100K students and over 4K faculty & staff . Learn more One superior platform, infinite benefits Tons of tools, one toolbox Kaltura’s got you covered with a broad set of video solutions that are flexible , adaptable, and scalable to any audience and purpose. Plus, no matter what kind of experience your audience engages with, all your first-party data is captured and generated in one place. Enterprise-grade peace of mind It’s smooth sailing ahead, thanks to Kaltura’s  secure and compliant infrastructure that offers the highest streaming quality to unlimited audiences worldwide , and features inclusive design for any accessibility and localization needs. So many ways to stay engaged A truckload of tools purposely built to drive the deepest and most data-rich engagement – like polls , leaderboards, notifications, interactive chat, quizzes, emojis, crowd reactions , badges & certifications, announcements & calls-to-action, and more! Data that keeps you on track Built-in analytics track everything , including viewership stats, preferences, interactions, buying signals, and streaming quality, so you can better personalize the experience, calculate ROI, and make smarter decisions. You’ve got gen-AI on your side Our AI capabilities go way beyond mere automation: Personalize and repurpose your content in no time for any audience segments, make informed decisions with deep analytical insights, and maximize engagement and ROI for all your digital experiences. So, how do you get started? It’s as easy as 1, 2, 3 What are you waiting for? Talk to us We’ve almost made it too easy! Sign up for a free trial and take our platform for a spin. We’ve got your back 24/7/365 Need help? Our support team is just a click away. Loads of resources to help you all along the way Check out our knowledge hub , resource center , hands-on webinars , and so much more. From engagement to action, built right in With a robust integration ecosystem and ready-to-use connectors to your marketing automation tools, CRM systems and BI platforms, your data-rich engagements instantly transform into powerful actionable insights and buying signals. And the award goes to… (us!) Our digital experience solutions continue to win prizes, top placements, and accolades in every category. Here are some of our latest blush-worthy achievements: Here’s what’s happening at Kaltura Join our industry and community events, tune into our webinars and catch up on the latest from Kaltura. Webinar: The corp comms comeback: How AI reduces tools and reconnects teams Join our webinar to see how an AI-powered video stack can turn fragmented comms into a secure, unified system that actually works. Catch it here Whitepaper: AI meets education: implementing ethical learning systems Ensure the future of teaching is both AI-enhanced and ethically driven. This whitepaper helps you create institutional guidelines that align with your learning goals, empower educators, and keep human potential at the center. Check it out Case study: How Pinterest hosted a multi-regional, simulive summit with Kaltura Whether you’re planning your next virtual event or rethinking your global marketing approach, this story shows what’s possible when platform power meets creative ambition. Read the case study Ready to try us out? Have questions? Not sure what you need or where to start? We’re here for you. Let’s talk! Kaltura’s mission is to power any video experience. Our wide array of video solutions are deployed globally across thousands of enterprises, media companies, service providers, and educational institutions, leveraging video to teach, learn, communicate, collaborate, and entertain. Contact Us Call us: +1 800 8715 224 Explore Webinars Events Education suite Media & Telecom suite Video Content Management System Media Services APIs Pricing Resources Blog Resources center Webinars Case studies Learning Video Portal Knowledge Center Virtually Live! Podcast Virtually Live 23′ Limited Trial Media Services for Developers Video Portal Video Content Management System Company About us Press center In The News Investor relations Careers Leadership Accessibility commitment Customer care Login KMC Webinars Virtual Classroom Meetings Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of Use Cookies Settings