Kalyan Jewellers | Buy Online Gold, Diamonds & Necklace Jewellery Kalyan Jewellers Don't miss these dazzling Limited Deals Sign up and Play for exciting rewards Essentials for your everyday - Get now! STORE LOCATOR Feedback Contact My Kalyan Media Kalyan News GOLD RATES Digital Gold Shop Online Home Our Brands Brands Family Mudhra Nimah Anokhi Rang Tejasvi Ziah Laya Glo Candere Vedha Apoorva Hera Muhurat Muhurat Gujarat Maharashtra Punjab & Delhi Rajasthan UP & MP West Bengal & Odisha Kerala Karnataka Tamil Nadu Andhra Pradesh & Telangana Shop Online Jewellery Jewellery Jewellery Chain Necklace Bangles Bracelets Nose Studs Choker Set Daily wear Vaddanam Jewellery set Rings Earrings Pendant Anklets Pearl Studs Moti set Jhumka Locket Haram Kada Payal Second stud Metals Gold Diamond Silver Platinum Gemstone White Gold Rose Gold Wedding Bridal set Mangalsutra Couple Rings Engagement Rings Bridal Nath Maang Tikka Anniversary For Baby Kids Girls Boys Men Women Bride Groom Others Antique Traditional Navaratna Temple Jewellery Lakshmi Jewellery Name rings Gold Coin Purity 18 Carat 20 Carat 22 Carat 24 Carat About Us About Us About Us MD's Message ED's Message Corporate Presentation Board Of Directors Mission & Vision Our Network Association Customer Stories Board Of Directors Gift Card Gifts Gift Card Balance Corporate Gifting Gift Catalogue Ambassadors Ambassadors Amitabh Bachchan Jaya Bachchan Katrina Kaif Prabhu Ganesan Nagarjuna Shiva Rajkumar Pooja Sawant Ritabhari Chakraborty Kinjal Rajpriya Investors Investors Quarterly Results Annual Reports Corporate Presentation Subsidiaries Corporate Governance Shareholder Information Investors Contact Subscribe E-Store Now you can find all your favourite collections online! Shop from the comfort of your homes at Candere, Kalyan Jewellers official e-commerce store. Shop Online MUHURAT Weddings are a deep-rooted element of our society, and Indian brides are known as symbols of beauty, pride and elegance. India is a vast country with different customs and traditions practiced even within the same state. Yet, there is something that unites us all - the " Muhurat " or the auspicious time for celebration. At Kalyan Jewellers , we embrace the importance of every "Muhurat". Our wedding collections are for every bride , from every part of India. We make you feel special Brands Family India’s beauty lies in its diversity. Every part of India has its unique jewellery , the expertise to create those exist only in that region, passed on through generations. Kalyan’s biggest strength is in these craftsmen who create unique designs just for us from every nook and corner of India. And this range of jewellery, with those subtle nuances and the perfect finish which you won’t find anywhere else is what we bring you through our various brands. About Us We are one of the oldest business families in India with a family legacy of 112 years in business. Started for the noble cause of nation-building and self-sustenance in a pre-independent India, the forefathers believed ethical, honest and transparent business practices should form the foundation of the group. Having ventured into jewellery retailing in 1993 in Thrissur, Kerala, India, where we are headquartered, and as on June 30, 2020, we have 137 showrooms spread across India and GCC View More more than 140 stores over 100 years in trade more than 10 brands Chairman's Message Today, when I look around me, business is all about toplines, bottomlines and market capitalisation. But Kalyan entered into business in a pre-independent India to build a better India, as our forefathers believed ethical, fair business will make India self-sufficient and strong. Personally, I believe Kalyan Jewellers' major achievement is the trust we have earned from millions of people across the length and breadth of a huge subcontinent like India, and abroad in the GCC. View More Rajesh Kalyanaraman - Executive Director I feel our biggest differentiator is not only the ability to understand local, think local and act local, but at the same time bring in our vast experience and sourcing strength out of operating in multiple markets. Jewellery is a complicated product, because tastes vary even within the same state. What helps us here is the huge variety of products we stock from artisans across the country and even the Arab countries. View More Ramesh Kalyanaraman - Executive Director We have always visualized everything on a large scale. We always enjoyed making the road and never thought of following a trail. Massive marketing campaigns and launches, path-breaking ads which were never-before seen in jewellery advertising, multi-storey large format jewellery showrooms, same-day multi-launch ceremonies and events. View More Kalyan News Kalyan Jewellers launches its 200th showroom globally at Jammu August 20, 2023: Kalyan Jewellers, one of India’s largest and most-trusted jewellery brand today announced the launch of its 1st ... read more Kalyan Jewellers announces its plan to launch 11 new showrooms in August 2023 August 01, 2023: Kalyan Jewellers India Limited (BSE: 543278, NSE: KALYAN KJIL), one of India’s most trusted and leading jewellery ... read more View More Blogs View
                      More read more Media View More Subscribe the Kalyan Newsletter Select Your Country India UAE Qatar Oman Kuwait 1800 - 4257333 info@kalyanjewellers.net About Us Kalyan News Contact Us Store Locator Media The Kalyan Promise Investors FAQ Careers Be Informed Easy Installment Plan Partnering With Trust Gold Rate Today Online Purchase Blog Why Buy from Us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Sitemap Wikipedia Franchise Opportunities Scam Alert Feedback Feedback type Store Related Complaints Product Related Complaints General Queries Other Enquires Submit × 18-Dec-2025 Today's Gold Rate × ANNOUNCEMENT Showrooms are closed because of the Government announced lockdown. We shall update you as soon as normal services are resumed. Ok × GIVE FEEDBACK FULL NAME: MOBILE NO: EMAIL: FEEDBACK TYPE: Feedback type Store Related Complaints Product Related Complaints General Queries Other Enquires UPLOAD FILE: CHOOSE FILE Submit × BOOK AN APPOINMENT TO OUR STORE FULL NAME: MOBILE NO: EMAIL: DATE OF APPOINTMENT: Submit × ATTENTION! FRAUD ALERT It has come to our notice that some of our customers have received WhatsApp and/or text messages from Kalyan Gold Store, with the URL https://kgs01.in or https://m.kgs01.in/ or https://m.kgs02.in/ or https://m.kgs03.in/ or https://m.kgs04.in/ We would like to clarify that this service is not part of Kalyan Jewellers India Limited. We have registered a complaint with the Cyber Crime Police Dept in this regard. If you receive similar messages, kindly take a screenshot & share it with us at reportfraud@kalyanjewellers.net . This will help us to take appropriate legal action against the culprits. × Copyright © 2025 Kalyan Jewellers. All rights reserved.