Build experiments in minutes by chatting with AI | Kameleoon Login English Select your language English Français Deutsch Platform SOLUTIONS Experimentation Feature Management add-ons & KEY Features Mobile App Testing Recommendations & Search Personalization Single Page Applications integrate to your stack Specialities for all teams Marketing Product Engineering For INDUSTRIES Healthcare Financial Services E-commerce Automotive Travel & Tourism Media & Entertainment B2B Optimize digital experiences by chatting with AI and win up to $100,000 join the contest Plans Customers Resources Book a demo Book a demo Build experiments in minutes by chatting with AI JOIN OVER +1,000 BRANDS EXPERIMENTING WITH KAMELEOON 4.7/5 4.7/5 4.7/5 See what Kameleoon can do for you Find ideas worth testing Kameleoon Agent AI reviews your page and suggests impactful experiments based on real user behavior. You stay in control, pick what to test, and how far you want to go. Build variants  in minutes Our agent generates test-ready variants. No code required, but you can access, edit, or hand off the code at any time. Target the right users, set the right goals AI helps you target the right audience, assigns traffic, and picks the best metrics, based on your goals.It adapts to visitor intent in real time to show the most relevant experience. Learn what works and what to do next Once the test runs, the agent analyzes results and explains what worked, what didn’t, and why. Get clear next steps and optimization ideas to increase impact. start for free start for free +1000 PBX launched with our Promptathon Explore what your peers are building with PBX All Services Saas Travel Medias Education Healthcare Automotive B2B BFSI Retail Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. preview Kane House Films Hero CTAs by Nadine French Medias All Kane House Films Hero CTAs Header by Nadine French I felt that this site was extremely beautiful and cinematic, but I felt that there was no clear call to action. Visitors on the site might bounce because it's confusing to find out who to contact to start a new film project. There's contact information in their contact page but nobody knows when they'll contact you or how. So I just designed it so they could have a Calendly for people to talk. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest preview An Post Product Filters by Jordan Swope Services All An Post Product Filters Filters by Jordan Swope We know that the majority of users who are browsing the Stamps & Labels products can be categorized into personal mailers, business mailers, or stamp collectors. We want users to be able to easily filter between products based on these archetypes. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest preview An Post Pricing Sizes by Sarah Lachapelle Services All An Post Pricing Sizes AB Test by Sarah Lachapelle We have seen previously with another client that a visually smaller price can create the perception of it literally being a smaller amount psychologically during user testing. So I'm curious to see if this small visual change increases add to baskets and transactions. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest preview Fossil Review and Product Summaries by Marcela Gutierrez Retail All Fossil Review and Product Summaries Reviews by Marcela Gutierrez In order to win in GEO, I'm using Gen AI to create content to become more visible to other AI tools. Websites have been built on keywords, because this is how we used to search online. In order to increase visibility, we need more content spoken in natural language, because this is how we search within AI tools - with conversational language and not with keywords. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest preview EchoLogyx Services Carousel by Mohammad Tansen B2B All EchoLogyx Services Carousel Slider by Mohammad Tansen The goal was to implement a better carousel-based UI interface, allowing the user to see more information in one place with simple click-to-swipe feature, instead of scrolling throughout the page to see the contents. Additional dots are added to make swiping or sliding easier. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest preview Idea Portal Home Page Rewrite by Pascal Kamber B2B All Idea Portal Home Page Rewrite AB Test by Pascal Kamber The landing page lacks clear calls to action and doesn't provide a clear benefit or explain how it works for the customer. By stating clearly the benefit to customers and adding more CTAs to request a demo, we expect to impress customers, get them contact us for a demo, and order the products. SEE IT LIVE SEE IT LIVE join the contest join the contest Next 1 / 7 "With Prompt-based Experimentation  we went from running a few experiments per quarter to launching ideas in real time.” Marcela Gutierrez Analytics & Optimization Build, test, and roll out — all in one place. From first test to final release, you’re in control. TEST & EXPERIMENT Turn ideas into real experiments Generate, build, and run experiments on any site or product interface by prompting the AI, with visual and code-ready output. MANAGE & RELEASE Roll out with precision and control Use flags to manage releases, target users progressively, and control rollout based on real-time performance data. Confidently scale your experimentation program Data Accuracy Real-time Data Multi Stats Engine Performance Security Run multiple tests with confidence Easily filter or break down your results to understand how exposure to other campaigns impacts your test performance. No data left behind Kameleoon bypasses Safari ITP and ad blockers for full traffic visibility. Control conversion impact Adapt the conversion window to your sales cycle with our Custom Attribution Window. Prevent  Sample Ratio Mismatch (SRM) Kameleoon automatically detects Sample Ratio Mismatch in experiments to help customers make trustworthy data-decision. Real-time reporting  and result page Kameleoon processes your data in real time to provide timely reports and insights for fast decision-making. Alerts for conversion drops Prevent ROI decline with real-time alerts on conversion drops. Contextual Bandit testing Go beyond A/B testing with real-time insights and dynamic traffic allocation. Architecture designed for real time 99% local storage-based, flexible data hosting options, cache-friendly, zero-latency SDKs, CDNs with <50 ms latency globally. Run multiple tests with confidence Easily filter or break down your results to understand how exposure to other campaigns impacts your test performance. No data left behind Kameleoon bypasses Safari ITP and ad blockers for full traffic visibility. Control conversion impact Adapt the conversion window to your sales cycle with our Custom Attribution Window. Prevent  Sample Ratio Mismatch (SRM) Kameleoon automatically detects Sample Ratio Mismatch in experiments to help customers make trustworthy data-decision. Flicker-free by design Kameleoon’s engine and APIs are built to avoid flickering during experiment display, even on modern, highly dynamic websites. Lightweight & fast Our 28.4KB cached async snippet never blocks page load—even with CDN issues. Optimized for speed & Fast Optimized network and faster loads with Beacon and Deferred Loading. Single Page Application (SPA) ready Kameleoon PBX generates production-grade code for the most dynamic Single Page Applications out there built with React, Next.js and other modern frameworks. Approval workflows for safer feature release Empower your teams to manage critical changes confidently with clear, multi-step approval processes that enhance control and oversight. Enterprise-ready security ISO 27001 & SOC2 certified. See the full list in our Security Portal. Multi-Factor Authentication Enhance security and experience with MFA solutions. GDPR, CCPA, and HIPAA compliance Kameleoon’s flexible consent management feature enables customers to manage any consent requirement. Book a demo Book a demo Connected with the tools you trust. Use two-way sync to target and analyze with your DWH data. Connect to any CDP for advanced targeting and reporting. Analyze with top heat mapping and analytics tools. EXPLORE OUR INTEGRATIONS EXPLORE OUR INTEGRATIONS All teams experiment their way Marketing Teams Product Teams Engineer Teams Test ideas,drive impact Create, launch, and measure experiments without relying on developers. Improve campaigns and engagement in days, not weeks. Launch tests without dev support Design banners, pop-ups, and forms in minute Personalize to increase conversions learn more Build smarter, ship faster Validate concepts early, test features safely, and use real data to guide your roadmap. Test features before full development Measure impact on adoption and retention Prioritize with user-driven insights learn more Code in your environment Integrate with your stack, run experiments without slowing delivery, and keep your code clean. Use feature flags for safe releases. Avoid tech debt with auto-flag cleanup. Endure performance across platforms. learn more From idea to test in minutes, ‍ with Kameleoon Agentic AI Be among the first to transform how all teams experiment. start for free start for free Experiment your way Get the key to staying ahead in the world of experimentation. [Placeholder text - Hubspot will create the error message] Submit Thanks for submitting the form. Newsletter Platform Experimentation Feature Management PBX Free-Trial Mobile App Testing Product Reco & Merch Data Accuracy Data Privacy & Security Single Page Application AI Personalization Integrations guides A/B testing Vibe Experimentation Feature Flagging Personalization Feature Experimentation AI for A/B testing Client-Side vs Server-Side plans Pricing MTU vs MAU Industries Healthcare Financial Services E-commerce Automotive Travel & Tourism Media & Entertainment B2B & SaaS TEAMS Marketing Product Developers Resources Customers Stories Academy Dev Docs User Manual Product Roadmap Calculator Who’s Who compare us Optimizely VWO AB Tasty partners Our Partner Ecosystem Become a Partner Integrations Directory Partners Directory company About Us Careers Contact Us Support legal Terms of use and Service Privacy Policy Legal Notice & CSU PCI DSS © Kameleoon — 2025 All rights Reserved Legal Notice & CSU Privacy policy PCI DSS Platform Status