Kami | Elevate instruction. Reach every learner. FETC is almost here! Learn more Products Products Product features Kami Companion Book Creator What's new Integrations Chrome Extension Google Classroom Schoology Canvas Microsoft Teams D2L Brightspace Kami CEO, Hengjie Wang, shares why intentional AI is essential for K–12 education, and how this vision is shaping what’s next at Kami. Watch the keynote video Dropdown link 1 Dropdown link 2 Solutions By Role Academic leaders Technology leaders Supports and services leaders Teachers By Use Case Accessibility Support language learners Assessments and grading Collaborative learning Feedback and insights In-class and blended learning Literacy and numeracy Dropdown link 1 Dropdown link 2 Resources Insights Efficacy research Signature reports Customer stories Security hub Blog Learn Kami Help center Kami Learning Center Get Kami Certified Kami library Webinars Explore Kami’s Unstoppable Webinar Series on demand. Get expert tips, real strategies, and future-focused insights to lead your district with impact. Watch on demand Dropdown link 1 Dropdown link 2 Pricing Login Try for free Chat to sales Chat to sales Login Try for free Elevate instruction. Reach every learner. Kami’s all-in-one platform turns any resource into interactive, accessible learning experiences with insights and intentional AI, proven to save teachers time and improve outcomes. Chat to sales Try for free Interactive learning Universal accessibility Actionable insights Proven impact One platform, real impact Interactive learning Turn static resources into engaging content with all the annotation tools you need. Universal accessibility Use our 'Understand' tools to break down barriers to learning for all students. Actionable insights Gain clear insights into student progress for timely support and improved outcomes. Proven impact Save teachers time, support every learner, and improve outcomes at scale. Get more out of your LMS with Kami Why schools choose Kami 94 % of teachers report improved student engagement 7.8 hrs a week are saved by teachers on average 80 % of teachers agree there’s been a positive impact on learning Read our efficacy research Empower Learning Better tools for brighter futures Accessibility From general education to SPED and ELLs, Kami is designed for diverse learning needs across schools and districts. Learn more Supporting Language Learners Kami users can translate text in over 100 languages via the ‘Understand’ tools. They make the learning journey more equitable and save teachers valuable time. Learn more Assessments and grading Kami’s AI-powered tools enable quality auto-grading in seconds, not hours. Teachers who use Kami can enhance existing assessments, or create brand new ones from text, diagrams, pictures and more. Learn more Collaborative learning Turn any document into a lively space where students can discuss, create, and collaborate with our easy-to-use tools. Learn more Feedback and insights Kami provides real-time insights regarding student performance, progress, and lesson effectiveness. Learn more In-class and blended learning Enhance engagement, collaboration, and assessment across in-person and digital learning environments. Learn more Take your school to the next level One budget-friendly solution that gives your teachers and students the proven tools they need to be successful. Chat to sales Try for free Trusted by 50+ million teachers and students worldwide SUPPORTING YOU Trusted by teachers, embraced by leaders Kami brings together classroom tools, accessibility supports, and real-time insights that help every educator drive better outcomes. See how Kami works for you. Academic leaders Learn more Technology leaders Learn more Supports and services leaders Learn more Teachers Learn more Customer stories What our customers have to say Indian River School District Learn how Instructional Technology Specialist Jeff Kilner went from Kami skeptic to champion. With Kami, he closed literacy gaps, reduced teacher workload, and built more inclusive classrooms for 11,000 students. Talk with our team to see how Kami and Book Creator can do the same in your district. Learn more Moreno Valley Discover why and how Moreno Valley Unified School District, which serves 34,000 students across California, partnered with Kami to enhance literacy instruction and student outcomes, as well as teacher empowerment. Could your school district also benefit? Learn more Fond du Lac School, Wisconsin Gina Marchionda, an Instructional Technology Coach, explains why her school district chose Kami to break down learning barriers. With responsibility for 6,400+ students across 14 schools, here’s the story behind a new 3-year strategic plan with big ambitions. Learn more IWS Online School When Matt Vickery, Executive Headteacher at IWS Online School, first encountered Kami at the BETT conference in London, he was immediately drawn to the ‘Class View’ feature. Read on to learn how that single feature sparked the beginning of a rewarding new partnership. Learn more See what Kami can do for your school Discover how Kami can enhance learning experiences and drive measurable success at scale and at speed, across schools and districts. Chat to sales Try for free Elevate instruction. Reach every learner. Product Product features Kami Companion Book Creator What's new Integrations Chrome extension Google Classroom Schoology Canvas Microsoft Teams D2L Brightspace Use cases Accessibility Supporting Language Learners Assessments and grading Collaborative learning Feedback and insights In-class and blended learning By role Academic leaders Technology leaders Supports and services leaders Teachers Product comparison Kami vs Jamboard Kami vs Flip Insights Efficacy research Signature reports Customer stories Blog Learn Kami Help center Kami Learning Center Book a free training Get Kami Certified Kami library Community Kami Heroes Kami educators community About us Contact us Chat to sales Request a quote Careers Copyright © 2025 Kami | All Rights Reserved Terms of service | Privacy Policy | Responsible disclosure policy