Iru: Identity, Endpoint, & Compliance for IT & Security | Iru Skip to content Introducing Iru Site Header Iru logo Iru AI Products Identity Passwordless access that adapts to every context Workforce Identity Endpoint Manage every device with one lightweight agent Endpoint Management Endpoint Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Compliance Stay audit-ready with continuous evidence collection Compliance Automation Trust Center Company Company About Iru Careers Contact Introducing Iru Our new united platform Pricing Login Book a demo Open main menu Iru logo Close main menu Iru AI Products Company Pricing Login Book a demo Products Identity Passwordless access that adapts to every context Workforce Identity Endpoint Manage every device with one lightweight agent Endpoint Management Endpoint Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Compliance Stay audit-ready with continuous evidence collection Compliance Automation Trust Center Company Introducing Iru Our new united platform About Iru Careers Contact Collapse the stack The world’s fastest-growing companies secure their users, apps, and devices with an AI-powered platform that gives time and control back to IT & security teams. Trusted by teams at 5,000+ companies Unified by design. Built for the AI era. Iru AI is designed from the ground up to connect a grid of agents behind the scenes—across identity, endpoint, and compliance. Powered by the Iru Context Model, it understands your users, apps, and devices to act safely, intelligently, and in context across your organization. Explore Iru AI One integrated platform. Greater than the sum of its parts. Iru gives you a single view of your users, apps, and devices. It’s an integrated system to secure access, protect endpoints, and prove compliance while delivering a better employee experience. Identity Passwordless workforce identity that grants secure access to every app. Wrap your apps and users in a trust fabric with device-bound authentication and robust security policies. View Identity Overview Workforce Identity Endpoint Deploy endpoint management, detection & response, and vulnerability management in a single agent. Protect against threats and deliver great work experiences across Apple, Windows, and Android. View Endpoint Overview Endpoint Management Endpoint Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Compliance Compliance automation that’s fully powered by Iru AI tailors controls and builds an Adaptive Evidence Map. It keeps you audit-ready and unblocks deals with a public trust center. View Compliance Overview Compliance Automation Trust Center Numbers don’t lie Hours saved each month¹ 50 Teams using Iru 5,000+ Zero-day exploits stopped² 2.3x Rating from 700+ G2 reviews 4.75/5 1 Demandbase Switches to Iru to Supercharge Productivity, Customer Story 2025 2 Miercom competitive assessment of macOS EDR solutions 2025 Iru helps companies rewrite the way work is done “With Iru, we’ve significantly reduced IT workload, improved security posture, and enhanced the employee experience.” Erez Epstein Senior Manager, IT & Operations at Hunters “Iru is helping our endpoint security infrastructure to be the best it possibly can be.” Christian Corrales Senior Security Engineer at Varo Bank “One of the biggest eye-catchers for me was how quickly we could get our security posture up to speed.” Dorian Cordero Systems Engineer at Rackspace Technology Let your team focus  on what matters Iru replaces fragmented tools with one AI-powered platform, so IT & security spend less time chasing tickets and more time improving the business. Book a demo Request a quote Site Footer Product Identity Workforce Identity Endpoint Endpoint Overview Endpoint Management Endpoint Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Compliance Compliance Overview Compliance Automation Trust Center Iru AI Iru AI Overview Company About Iru Careers Contact Security The Sequence Customer Referral Program Get Started Pricing Log in Book a demo Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on X Follow us on YouTube Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Legal Iru Inc. © Copyright 2025 Iru, Inc. All rights reserved.