Skip to main content
Browse Prep
College Admissions
College Admissions
ACT® Prep
AP® Exams
PSAT Prep
SAT® Prep
KapAdvisor
College Advising
1:1 College Advising
Grad School
Graduate Admissions
DAT Prep
GMAT™ Prep
GRE® Prep
LSAT® Prep
MCAT® Prep
OAT Prep
Healthcare
Medical Licensing
COMLEX USA® Level 1
COMLEX USA® Level 2
USMLE®
USMLE® Step 1 Prep
USMLE® Step 2 CK
USMLE® Step 3
Allied Health
NAPLEX® Review
INBDE® Prep
PANCE/PANRE®
PTCE® Prep
Nursing
NCLEX-RN® Review
NCLEX-PN® Review
Nursing Educators
FNP Review
Legal
Bar Review
BAR Review
High School
High School Equivalency
GED® Prep
High School Admissions
SHSAT® Prep
SSAT® Prep
Teacher Licensing
PRAXIS
Institutions & Educators
All Access License
K-12 Schools & Districts
Medical Schools
Nursing Schools
See All Tests
1-800-KAP-TEST
Sign In

KAPLAN TEST PREP

Every Learner. Every Stage.

Future college grad? Physician? Lawyer? No matter where you are on your journey, trust Kaplan to help you meet your goals. You'll learn proven methods to maximize your study and increase your score.

In fact, we guarantee you'll score higher on your exam—or your money back. Why prep with anyone else?

Find Your Test
Featured Exam Prep
ACT®
SAT®
GMAT™
GRE®
LSAT®
MCAT®
USMLE®
NCLEX-RN®
BAR
GED®
PRE-MBA COURSES
COLLEGE ADVISING
See All Courses
Raising Test Scores Is Our Specialty

You can never be too prepared or confident going into your big exam. That’s why Kaplan covers every aspect of your test, with premium content that’s directly aligned to what’s on the exam, and personalized support you won’t find anywhere else.

See why we guarantee you’ll score higher with Kaplan.

The Most Realistic Prep. Period.

Get as close to the actual exam as possible with truly realistic practice tests and thousands of practice questions, so there are no surprises on test day.

Personalized & Customizable

Stay on track with your custom-built study plan and track your progress with performance reports that tell you exactly which topics to focus on to improve your score the most.

The End-to-End Prep Experience

Prepare for anything you’ll see on your exam with the most comprehensive course options, which include all the questions, explanations, strategies, and study content you need to achieve your goal score.

A Personal Advisor
to Guide You

Create your dream future with guidance from an industry insider who will help you with every part of the admissions process—from finding the right school to helping your application rise to the top of the pile.

Featured Test Prep Courses

SAVE $300, USE CODE: MCAT300

Online

MCAT

Live Online

Add 15 points to your MCAT score when you put in the work with Kaplan.

BEST SELLER

From

:

$2399 $2699
Shop Now

Self Paced

FNP Review Course

You’ll feel at ease when you take your ANCC or AANPCB exam, knowing you’re equipped with strategies from a company with 40+ years of nursing expertise.

$399
Learn More

SAVE $200, USE CODE: WINTER

Online

LSAT

Live Online

Ready for a 15-point score boost? Your hard work and our LSAT prep will get you the results you need.

BEST SELLER

From

:

$1099 $1299
Shop Now

COLADV

Kaplan College Advantage

Get personalized advising, proven test prep, and built-in support for every milestone, from freshman year to acceptance day. You’ll have everything you need to stay on track and ahead of the curve.

From

:

$650
Learn More
Take Total Control of College Admissions

Wherever you are in your journey through high school, Kaplan is your step-by-step guide to getting in

KapAdvisor™

Essays. Extracurriculars. Financial aid. KapAdvisor™ has the answers to every college question. Get 24/7 access to a virtual college admissions consultant and tap into Kaplan’s extensive and wide-ranging admissions expertise in one powerful AI tool.

Learn More
1-on-1 Advising

For more personal support, work directly with a college admissions insider to craft your most compelling case for admission. Kaplan College Advisors know what your top colleges are looking for—they’ve worked on admissions committees themselves. 

Learn More
What Our Students Are Saying

Free Practice Tests

MCAT

Sign up for our free MCAT Practice Test + Prep Starter Pack for 30 days of access to exam-like practice, Qbank, and more.

Sign Up
LSAT

Take a previously administered LSAT exam and get a performance report broken down by section and question type.

Sign Up
GMAT™

Experience the GMAT exam before test day with a realistic GMAT practice test and a detailed report that shows your strengths and areas of opportunity.

Sign Up
ACT & SAT

Explore free SAT practice tests and ACT practice tests to see what’s in store for you with the full package.

Sign Up
What Makes Our Teachers Experts?

Kaplan instructors are distinguished in their fields. Not only do they know the test inside and out—they also all scored in the 90th percentile or above.

Beyond helping you reach your dream test score, our advisors provide one-on-one advising to guide you along your education and career journey. From conquering the admissions process to writing the perfect essay to preparing for your next interview, you’ll find the trusted advice you need to meet your end goal.

CONTACT USLOG INABOUT KAPLAN
CareersTest Prep ResourcesPartnershipsPress & MediaTeach for KaplanFree Practice TestsTest Prep Courses

Higher Score Guarantee: Conditions and restrictions apply; for complete guarantee eligibility requirements, visit kaptest.com/hsg.

MCAT® and Medical College Admission Test® are registered trademarks of the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC), which is not affiliated with Kaplan and was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this website or product.

MCAT 15 Point Score Increase: 15 point average only applied to students who completed 5,300+ practice questions and 600+ study activities during their program. A recent study conducted by Kaplan showed that students who completed a minimum of this work saw an average score improvement of 15 points from their first to their highest practice exam. Students who started with lower scores saw greater increases. Students who completed fewer practice questions, study activities, or who did not engage in the full program, saw lower score increases.

LSAT® is registered trademark of the Law School Admission Council, Inc., which is not affiliated with Kaplan and was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product or website.

LSAT 15 Point Score Increase: 15-point average only applied to students who completed at least 150 unique activities, with a minimum of 10 full-length practice exams. The unique activities include the full-length practice exams, high-yield assessments, post-session assessments, mastery assignments, section tests, and LSAT Channel episodes. A recent study conducted by Kaplan showed that students who completed a minimum of this work saw an average score improvement of 15 points from their first official Law School Admission Test® (LSAT) PrepTest practice exam to their highest practice exam. Students who started with lower scores saw greater increases. Students who completed fewer practice questions or study activities, or who did not engage in the full program, saw lower score increases.

SAT® is a registered trademark of the College Board, which is not affiliated with Kaplan and was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product or website.

ACT® is a registered trademark of ACT, Inc. Kaplan is the official partner for live online prep for the ACT.

GMAT™ is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council™  (GMAC™), which is not affiliated with Kaplan and was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product or website.

Cookie SettingsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell or Share My DataAccessibilitySite Map© Copyright Kaplan, Inc. All Rights Reserved.