End-to-End Product Security Request a Demo Offerings XGuard: Device Security VCode: Binary Analysis VCode: Vulnerability Management Pen Testing TARA Automotive EV SDV ISO/SAE 21434 Medical IoT Company About Karamba in the News Press Releases Blog Careers Contact High Security, Low Hassle Ensure security posture and accelerate compliance for any embedded device Karamba's end-to-end portfolio enables OEMs, suppliers, and embedded device manufacturers to secure their products and comply with industry regulations, without interfering with their R&D activities or delaying product release schedules. Trusted by Featured Case Studies Secure Trucks’ Telematics/Gateway Seamless hardening of trucks, enabling retrofitting a fleet of 1M trucks Download case study Meet FDA Regulations Enabling a medical device manufacturer to meet customer and regulatory premarket requirements Download case study Solar Inverter Security Secure existing inverter architecture, deployed in over 128 countries Download case study Karamba’s End-to-End Product Security Discover . Mitigate . Comply . TARA Supply-chain Security SBOM Penetration Testing Onboard Security Allow List Access Control Host IDPS Meet Regulations Vulnerability Management Continuous Hardening Discover Mitigate Comply Discover . Product Vulnerabilities before Start of Production TARA During the threat analysis risk assessment (TARA) process, Karamba uncovers design and architectural risks vulnerabilities in the IoT product. Karamba prioritizes those gaps and offers ways to mitigate them. Penetration Testing Karamba’s penetration testing services enable OEMs, suppliers and device manufacturers to uncover critical cyber vulnerabilities, and address them before start of production. Supply-chain Security and SBOM Karamba’s VCode software seamlessly analyzes the device firmware, automatically creates a software bill of materials (SBOM), identifies vulnerabilities, and advises on how to remediate them. Mitigate . Vulnerabilities and Security Risks to Meet Customer and Auditor Requirements XGuard Suite Onboard Security Secure boot, software HSM, secure storage, cryptographic libraries Allow List Assure runtime integrity against malware attacks Access Control File protection against altering or removal of sensitive files Host IDPS Monitoring 15 indicators that signal cyber-attacks in the making Comply . Meet industry regulations with no R&D interference Meet Regulations Karamba’s portfolio enables device manufacturers and OEMs to meet industry regulations, such as ISO/SAE 21434, FDA (Section 524B in FD&C Act), EU MDR, and EU CRA without affecting product time to market. The portfolio’s holistic coverage is tailored to the most rigid industry security regulations. Vulnerability Management VCode Vulnerability Management offers continual security by assembling new vulnerability data from multiple sources, prioritizing them by blast radius, and advising on how to mitigate them. Continuous Hardening Integrated into customers’ CI/CD pipelines or software build servers, Karamba’s products continuously monitor the security posture of each firmware version, and add security controls to the firmware, making it ready for release and for meeting auditor and customer requirements. Want to Learn More? Home Offerings Automotive Medical IoT Company Contact Privacy Policy Israel 24 HaNagar Street Hod Hasharon 45277-13 Tel: +972 9 88 66 113 USA 41000 Woodward Ave Building East, Suite 350 Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304 Tel: +1 833 4KARAMBA Germany Wasserburger Landstr. 264, Munich 81827 Tel: +49 892 1547 7583 © 2025 Karamba Security