Skip to Main Content
header search
search input
Search input auto suggest
filter your search
All Content
Search
Advanced Search
Register
Login
Open Menu
WHO WE SERVE
Open Menu
WHAT WE OFFER
Open Menu
WHO WE ARE
Open Menu
PUBLISH WITH US
Open Menu
RESOURCES FOR YOU
Open Menu
Skip Nav Destination
We announced that Oxford University Press has completed acquisition of Karger Publishers.
Read more in our newsroom
 

Connecting People and Science

Making Knowledge
Accessible

Karger medical content and services make complex health sciences work for everyone, putting physicians and patients at the center of clinical research.

GET IN TOUCH DISCOVER MORE

Start Your Journey
Authors
Researchers
Reviewers
Healthcare Professionals
Patients & Supporters
Librarians
Health Sciences Industry
Societies
Agents & Distributors
Knowledge that Matters - Every Step of the Way



You Are in Good Company

Working with businesses, academic institutions, hospitals, patient organizations, and partners worldwide.

Bringing Science to Life with a Spark

Run as a family-owned business in the fourth generation since 1890, Karger is uniquely positioned to partner with you on your research journey. Karger’s end-to-end publishing and engagement services enable you to effectively transfer knowledge to the clinical environment by making it more accessible, visible, and applicable.

EXPLORE MORE
Peer-Reviewed Publishing

Karger publishes 110 peer-reviewed medical journals and 9,000 books, including Open Access and hybrid publications.

FIND YOUR TOPIC
Content for Healthcare Professionals

Clinicians rely on Karger's popular Fast Facts medical handbooks, Dermatology reference tools, plain-language overviews, and more.

EXPLORE NOW
Unique Patient Education

Patients find distinctive information on Karger's medical blogs, podcast series, and webinars.

EMPOWER YOURSELF
Insightful E-Learning

We offer a variety of free e-learning courses designed for research and healthcare.

LEARN WITH US
Knowledge Applied

With a vision of saving human lives and improving health, Karger is exclusively focused on health sciences and specializes in extending the knowledge cycle to include knowledge transfer to clinical applications.

TELL ME MORE
Testimonials
From the outset, my experience with Karger Publishers has been nothing short of remarkable. As a scientific animation firm, their quality of work is unparalleled. The creativity and ingenuity they brought to our project were truly awe – inspiring. It‘s rare to find a team so dedicated to bringing a vision to life, but Karger Publishers did just that – they made our dream a reality.

 

Chris Egasti – Founder at Bio Buddy
The podcast and the subsequent video produced by Karger Publishing helped us to maximize the audience of our scientific publication on various channels. This helped to increase visibility and to attract global talents.

 

Harald Weinstabl – Head of Medicinal Chemistry, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH
Karger was one of the first publishers MALMAD signed a Read & Publish agreement with. We were very pleased to renew our Read & Publish agreement with Karger for three more years, covering costs for Israeli researchers at participating institutions to publish an unlimited number of Open Access articles in Karger’s journals both Hybrid and Gold, whilst also giving them reading access. Our continuous cooperation with Karger is an important step in the transition to Open Access.

 

Dr. Sigal Lahav Scher, MALMAD Director
 
Ready to Take Action?

Let's discover on how we can best help you.

GET IN TOUCH

INFORMATION
Contact & Support
Information & Downloads
Rights & Permissions
Terms & Conditions
Catalogue & Pricing
Policies & Information
Planned Maintenance
Accessibility
(this link will open in a new window)
ABOUT US
Company
People & Organization
Newsroom
Careers
Stay Up-to-Date
Regional Offices
Community Voice
SERVICES FOR
Researchers
Authors
Reviewers
Healthcare Professionals
Patients & Supporters
Librarians
Health Sciences Industry
Medical Societies
Agents & Booksellers
KARGER INTERNATIONAL
S. Karger AG
P.O Box, CH-4009 Basel (Switzerland)
Allschwilerstrasse 10, CH-4055 Basel
Tel: +41 61 306 11 11
Fax: +41 61 306 12 34
Contact: Front Office
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
BlueSky
YouTube
WeChat
Beyond the Cover
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Imprint Cookies
© 2025 S. Karger AG, Basel