Karma | Best Coupons and Cash Rewards Shopping Assistant to make your life easier saving you time and money. Build smart shopping lists and get notified once there is a coupon available or when the price is down. Shop better with
the power of AI Add to Chrome - It’s Free 20k+ reviews Join our 6.5 million users who are
shopping better from all their devices Browse and buy from our desktop extension or
use the Karma app to ensure you’re always
getting the most out of your purchase. $5 cash at sign-up 15K 5 star reviews 13M+ coupons applied 80 million items saved $482 yearly avg savings $126 avg Cash Back earnings Add to Chrome - It’s Free Here’s how it works What makes Karma
so good? Karma lives in your browser Karma’s browser extension meets you wherever you shop across the web. Add to Chrome - It’s Free Helps you plan your next purchases Not ready to buy just yet? Save it for later with Karma’s browser extension and shop more mindfully. You can keep an eye on all your saved items in one place. Add to Chrome - It’s Free So you can buy at the right time Karma uses clever technology to track if the price drops, or when it's back in stock, so you can buy at the right time. Add to Chrome - It’s Free And automatically finds you coupons at checkout Karma automatically finds and applies the best coupon for you, so you know you get the best value every time. Add to Chrome - It’s Free Only on the mobile app Unlock your credit cards benefits Easily compare between the credit cards rewards to choose the best one to use at checkout Scan to get the app Our Mission Empower you to
make the right
choices at the right
time when you shop
online. Add to Chrome - It’s Free Our shoppers saving money with Karma. Here's why. A great extension! I’ve used it for years and it’s great to be able to save lots of products in one place - it makes online shopping so much less stressful! Millie Robinson Coming from a person who does a TON of online shopping, I can honestly say that Karma is a shoppers best friend for many reasons... Sadie Mae Best Shopping App in Play Store. So easy to use. I have all my saved items at my favorite stores in one app! 👍🏻 Kimberly Rogers This is fantastic for making your wish list and saving money! Emily Smith It’s literally the best extension I’ve ever downloaded. It’s the best for saving money and getting money at the same time! Selena Roblox Don’t take our word for it Recommended by : Total savings $ 2 6 0 , 0 0 0 , 0 0 0 English All promotions or offers by any of our partners are subject to the applicable partner's terms and conditions, which may be changed by the partner at its discretion. We may receive a commission for purchases made through our links or using our coupons. Eligibility for a welcome bonus is subject to section 5 of Karma’s Terms & Conditions. Company About us Partnerships Embedded Loyalty Join the team Contact us Info Help Center Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Copyright © 2025 Karma Shopping Ltd., doing business as Karma. All Rights Reserved. v 10.137.0.20461190134 Logos provided by Clearbit