Kaseya: IT Management Software & Solutions for IT Pros Skip to content Maximum protection, minimum spend. The all-new Datto SIRIS 6 is here. IT Management Software Get a demo Platform Kaseya 365 Platform Platform Overview Kaseya 365 Endpoint Kaseya 365 User Kaseya 365 Ops Automations Practical AI Fall Innovations 2025 Product Categories BCDR RMM/Endpoint Management IT Documentation PSA/Service Desk SaaS Backup User Security Pen Testing Compliance Management Networking Infrastructure See all products Safeguard essential data and minimize downtime when the unexpected strikes. Explore Backup & Recovery Ready to get started? Get a demo Like us on Facebook Subscribe to us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube View us on LinkedIn View us on Instagram Solutions By Team MSPs IT Departments By Need Backup & Recovery Endpoint Management Security IT Operations IT Risk Management Networking Protect your business with advanced ransomware prevention and rapid threat detection. Explore Ransomware Prevention Solutions Ready to get started? Get a demo Like us on Facebook Subscribe to us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube View us on LinkedIn View us on Instagram Resources Learn Resource Library Case Studies Blog Discover key MSP trends, challenges and revenue drivers for 2025. Get insights from over 800 MSPs to refine your strategy and stay ahead. Download the report now. Explore Resource Learn how unified SaaS security platforms simplify management, cut costs and deliver stronger protection than disconnected point solutions. Read Blog Post Ready to get started? Get a demo Like us on Facebook Subscribe to us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube View us on LinkedIn View us on Instagram Customers Customer Success Professional Services Customer Support Partner First Pledge MSP Peer Group Partner First is a commitment to flexible terms, shared risk and dedicated support for your business. Explore Partner First Pledge Join a community of MSP professionals — connect, collaborate and accelerate your business. Explore MSP Peer Group Ready to get started? Get a demo Like us on Facebook Subscribe to us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube View us on LinkedIn View us on Instagram Company Company Who We Are Press Releases Events Careers Unlock your full potential and make a meaningful impact in the fast-growing world of IT. View open roles Connect with IT professionals, learn new technical and soft skills, and improve your business operations. Explore Kaseya Connect Want to get in touch? Contact us Like us on Facebook Subscribe to us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube View us on LinkedIn View us on Instagram Support Login One platform. Everything IT. Kaseya 365 customers experience the benefits of the best IT Management and Security tools in a single solution. Get a demo Explore Kaseya 365 Trusted by 50,000 customers in over 170 countries 17M Endpoints under management 7.5M Users managed and secured $1B Saved by Kaseya 365 customers 30% Average cost savings Kaseya Solutions Powering IT management with faster, smarter capabilities Endpoint Management Backup & Recovery Security IT Risk Management Networking IT Operations Remotely manage every device with precision Take control of your IT environment from anywhere with intuitive solutions that adapt to
 your needs. Monitor, patch and secure endpoints from a single platform. Reduce manual effort and minimize errors with intelligent automation. Get a demo Explore endpoint management Be recovery ready with future-proof backup Protect your data effortlessly, regardless of where it lives. Eliminate lengthy, manual backup processes with automated backups. Prevent cybercriminals from altering your data with immutable cloud storage. Get a demo Explore backup & recovery Achieve complete cybersecurity with defense in depth Protect your organization with layered security across cloud, endpoints, networks and users in a single solution. Defend against ransomware, phishing, account takeover and zero-day attacks. Identify and block anomalies with intelligent alerting and automatic responses. Get a demo Explore security Automate compliance, continuously monitor and mitigate risk Implement always-on monitoring and instant reporting — so your compliance status is always current. Save hours of manual effort on audits and assessments. Respond faster to auditor requests and client questions. Get a demo Explore IT risk management Build faster, integrated and affordable networks Provide seamless connectivity, reduce downtime and keep your team productive. Detect and resolve issues before they impact productivity. Optimize bandwidth and prioritize critical applications for seamless performance. Get a demo Explore networking Automate IT operations for peak performance Automate workflows, optimize service delivery and streamline the entire quote-to-cash process to reduce friction and boost productivity. Simplify ticketing, billing and IT documentation while cutting down on manual work. Show strategic value to improve client retention and build stronger, long-term relationships. Get a demo Explore IT operations The Kaseya Difference IT & security solutions that drive operational efficiency Our platform addresses the needs and challenges of do-it-all IT professionals. Single Platform One solution for all your IT needs We've combined management, security and automation into one powerful platform. No more time wasted switching between tools or stressing over security gaps. “The integration between the solutions is a time-saver. It’s really been easy.” Robert Rozanski, IT manager at Hope
 Church Get a demo Explore Kaseya365 Automation Automations built to save time and minimize mistakes Our 1,200+ built-in automations streamline everything from patching to security responses, eliminating tedious manual tasks. "Everything is seamlessly integrated, saving me 25 minutes every morning. Instead of juggling 14 different tools, I can access everything in one place." Darren Duncan CISO, United Systems and Software Get a demo Explore automations Cost Effective Priced to improve your bottom line Kaseya 365 cuts costs without cutting corners, removing the need for multiple, expensive tools. "Partnering with Kaseya has been one of the smartest decisions I’ve ever made." Javier Dugarte, Founder, GoCloud Get a demo Request a quote AI that does the heavy lifting Intelligent solutions optimize workflows and automate repetitive tasks. Experience the efficiency and productivity gains of native AI through personalized tips and automated agents. Smart SOP Generator Cooper Bots Automated Ticket Remediation Smart Ticket Summary Cooper Copilot in PSA Automated Diagnostics Smart Writing Assistant Cooper Insights Remote Control Network Connectivity Patching Backup Alerts Smart SOP Generator Cooper Bots Automated Ticket Remediation Smart Ticket Summary Cooper Copilot in PSA Automated Diagnostics Smart Writing Assistant Cooper Insights Remote Control Network Connectivity Patching Backup Alerts Smart Resolution Summary Automated Documentation Maintenance Smart Triage Cooper Coach Smart Assessment Summary Cooper Copilot for IT Glue Smart Cybersecurity Assistant Threat Detection Documentation Ransomware Ticketing Smart Resolution Summary Automated Documentation Maintenance Smart Triage Cooper Coach Smart Assessment Summary Cooper Copilot for IT Glue Smart Cybersecurity Assistant Threat Detection Documentation Ransomware Ticketing Get a demo Explore Kaseya AI Powerful solutions built for MSPs and IT teams Kaseya gives MSPs and IT teams the tools to manage, secure and automate IT. Work smarter, save money and grow your business with ease. I'm an MSP I'm an IT Leader "We are ahead of the curve thanks to the support of Datto and Kaseya. We are the first to offer new IT products and services to SMBs and it’s very exciting to be riding shotgun with such a strong vendor on the IT evolution road." Olivier Hébert Marketing Director at Solulan Explore MSP solutions Read case study "Being a church, we have a budget. Kaseya is working hand-in-hand with us to get us the best value for money and ensure accountability. I see a bright future.” Robert Rozanski IT manager at Hope Church Explore IT department solutions Read case study Ready to get started? Get a demo Explore Kaseya 365 Kaseya 365 platform Platform Overview Kaseya 365 Endpoint Kaseya 365 User Kaseya 365 Ops Automations Practical AI Fall Innovations 2025 Product categories BCDR RMM/Endpoint Management IT Documentation PSA/Service Desk SaaS Backup User Security Pen Testing Compliance Management Networking Infrastructure See all products Solutions MSPs IT Departments Backup & Recovery Endpoint Management Security IT Operations IT Risk Management Networking Company Who We Are Press Releases Partner First Pledge Events Careers Blog Resource Library Contact Us IT Management Software © 2025 Kaseya. All rights reserved. Modern Slavery Statement Legal Website Terms of Use Privacy Statement Sitemap Cookies Settings Cookie Notice