Portland News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Rollover crash closes SR-14; one person hospitalized with minor injuries The Washington State Patrol (WSP) says a rollover crash closed SR-14 early Tuesday morning. Arrests, protests, and one 'big' sale led our Top 10 local stories from KATU.com in 2025 As 2025 comes to an end, we look back at the top local stories here on KATU.com. Willamette Week: 'Portlander of the Year: The Frog' During this year's protests outside the South Portland ICE facility, many demonstrators brought with them a touch of whimsy. Portland overnight shelters could soon stay open 24/7, Portland and Multnomah County say The city of Portland and The Salvation Army confirmed to KATU there were 155 out of 200 beds used Sunday night, as temperatures plunged into the 30s. Local City in Crisis Investigations Inside Your World Politics Nation & World On Your Side Your Voice Your Vote Know Your Candidates Amazing America Project Education Entertainment Homeless Crisis Beyond The Podium Offbeat Recover Northwest Wildfire Season Soar Connect to Congress Videos Armstrong Army Strong Spotlight on America Question of the Day Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom ARC PDX National Guard in Oregon Weather Current Weather Portland AM Clouds/PM Sun 38 F 47 / 32 Today 47 / 32 Wednesday 47 / 33 Thursday 43 / 39 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Cameras Ski Reports Closings Blog Weather App Hurricane Tracker Investigations Investigations New PBOT data reflects increased enforcement of parking meters, other parking rules Portland’s Transportation Bureau continues beefing up parking enforcement to help its bottom line as the agency deals with a difficult financial situation. News of unspent millions in Portland Housing Bureau shocks city councilors and advocates The revelation Portland’s Housing Bureau was sitting on roughly $20 million of unspent money shocked city leaders and advocates for renters, as city leaders now Supporters, critics debate changes to Multnomah County's taxpayer-funded preschool program There’s a renewed push to get rid of a tax paying for free preschool for thousands of Multnomah County 3- and 4-year olds. City leaders pledge action as Portland businesses face high costs, complex regulations Has it become too hard to do business in Portland, or is a turnaround finally taking shape?From neighborhood coffee shops to downtown high-rises, the struggle i Lifestyle Lifestyle Brown University to implement new public safety actions after campus shooting Brown University’s interim Vice President for Public Safety Hugh Clements released a campus safety action less than a month before spring semester begins. Israel to suspend operations of major aid groups in Gaza starting in 2026 The Ministry of Diaspora Affairs said the organizations failed to meet the requirements of sharing staff, funding and operations information. George Clooney swaps Hollywood glamour for French charm as family gains citizenship Academy Award winning actor George Clooney and his wife Amal Clooney, along with his twin children Ella and Alexander, have been granted French citizenships. Rollover crash closes SR-14; one person hospitalized with minor injuries The Washington State Patrol (WSP) says a rollover crash closed SR-14 early Tuesday morning. AM Northwest Afternoon Live Family Matters Ask The Expert Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 38 ° Wed 48 ° Thu 45 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Back 2 School City in Crisis Investigations Inside Your World Politics Nation & World On Your Side Your Voice Your Vote Know Your Candidates Amazing America Project Education Entertainment Homeless Crisis Beyond The Podium Offbeat Recover Northwest Wildfire Season Soar Connect to Congress Videos Armstrong Army Strong Spotlight on America Question of the Day Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom ARC PDX National Guard in Oregon Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Cameras Ski Reports Closings Blog Weather App Hurricane Tracker Investigations Lifestyle Down Arrow Lifestyle Home AM Northwest Afternoon Live Family Matters Ask The Expert Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home High School Blitz Trail Blazers Fire WNBA NFL Draft College Timbers Thorns TICKETS City Giude Rip City Wrap-up Features Down Arrow Features Home Everyday Heroes Family Matters Travel and Outdoors Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Contests For Pet's Sake Act Against Hunger On your side at home Road Trippin Travel Oregon Credit Unions for Kids Season of Giving KATU Innovation Challenge Ask the Expert Things 2 Do Oregon Sports Awards She Flies AMNW Down Arrow AMNW Home Cooking & Recipes Lifestyle & Health Books & Authors About the Show AM Northwest Adventures Special Guests Celebrate Oregon Agriculture Finance Afternoon Live Down Arrow Afternoon Live Home Special Guests Cooking & Recipes Lifestyle & Health Books and Authors Obituaries Newsletter Sign Up About Down Arrow About Home Contact People Careers Schedule Alexa Instructions Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV Traffic Down Arrow Traffic Home Incident Reports Live Traffic Cameras Advertise With Us Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report KATU FCC Info KATU FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Arrests, protests, and one 'big' sale led our Top 10 local stories from KATU.com in 2025 As 2025 comes to an end, we look back at the top local stories here on KATU.com. Portland overnight shelters could soon stay open 24/7, Portland and Multnomah County say The city of Portland and The Salvation Army confirmed to KATU there were 155 out of 200 beds used Sunday night, as temperatures plunged into the 30s. Today on ARC PDX | December 30, 2025 | Timberline's ski season begins Here are some of the stories we’re looking at in our AM-edition of ARC PDX Rollover crash closes SR-14; one person hospitalized with minor injuries The Washington State Patrol (WSP) says a rollover crash closed SR-14 early Tuesday morning. 2025: Inside President Trump's escalating culture war with the entertainment industry As Trump nears the end of his first year back in office, celebrities remain deeply entwined in politics while he  expands his influence over Hollywood. State rep. blasts Gov. Walz for ignoring daycare fraud warnings A Minnesota state lawmaker said  Gov. Tim Walz and his administration failed to address concerns raised in a state hearing close to two years ago. Firefighters contain kitchen blaze in Lebanon home, no injuries reported Lebanon Fire District (LFD) tells us that firefighters responded to a structure fire on Weldon Road on Monday afternoon, December 29th. Police urge public to avoid Portland stabbing suspect, call 911 if spotted Portland Police are actively searching for Richard Scott Stuart, 54, in connection with two stabbings that occurred on Christmas Eve. 2015 footage shows parents allegedly participated in Minnesota fraud scheme Video from 2015 shows that parents in Minnesota were allegedly involved in a scheme involving daycare centers. VOTE: Should elected officials be held criminally responsible for fraud? Should elected officials be held criminally responsible for fraud? Local News Ground beef distributed in Washington recalled for possible E. coli contamination Thousands of pounds of ground beef are being pulled from store shelves after tests confirmed the presence of E. coli, according to the USDA. Willamette Week: 'Portlander of the Year: The Frog' During this year's protests outside the South Portland ICE facility, many demonstrators brought with them a touch of whimsy. Family sues OHSU for $15M, alleging wrongful insemination in 1980 fertility procedure A family has filed a lawsuit against Oregon Health Science University (OHSU), alleging wrongful insemination during a fertility procedure in 1980. TriMet to ring in new year with free rides Starting at 8 p.m. on New Year's Eve, people can catch a free bus or MAX ride with TriMet. Oregon, Washington to receive slice of $50B in federal funds for rural health care access The Trump administration on Monday announced the amount of funding each state will get to aid in providing health care to rural residents. Clark County and Clackamas County open warming shelters as temperatures drop Due to cold temperatures in the region, warming shelters will be opening overnight in both Clark County in Vancouver and Clackamas County in Oregon City. On Jan. 1, striking employees in Oregon can receive unemployment A law set to go into effect in 2026 will allow workers involved in labor disputes to receive unemployment insurance benefits while on strike. See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Minnesota judge slammed for overturning conviction of pair involved in Medicaid fraud A judge in Minnesota is currently facing backlash for overturning a conviction of over $7 million of a couple who were found guilty of misusing Medicaid funds. Police urge public to avoid Portland stabbing suspect, call 911 if spotted Portland Police are actively searching for Richard Scott Stuart, 54, in connection with two stabbings that occurred on Christmas Eve. Family sues OHSU for $15M, alleging wrongful insemination in 1980 fertility procedure A family has filed a lawsuit against Oregon Health Science University (OHSU), alleging wrongful insemination during a fertility procedure in 1980. Portland overnight shelters could soon stay open 24/7, Portland and Multnomah County say The city of Portland and The Salvation Army confirmed to KATU there were 155 out of 200 beds used Sunday night, as temperatures plunged into the 30s. Salem City Council may revisit reappointment of board member with past murder conviction After drawing ire from public safety unions, the Salem City Council is considering revisiting the reappointment of Kyle Hedquist. Nation & World George Clooney swaps Hollywood glamour for French charm as family gains citizenship Academy Award winning actor George Clooney and his wife Amal Clooney, along with his twin children Ella and Alexander, have been granted French citizenships. Israel to suspend operations of major aid groups in Gaza starting in 2026 The Ministry of Diaspora Affairs said the organizations failed to meet the requirements of sharing staff, funding and operations information. Judge rules that Trump can share migrants' Medicaid data with ICE, starting next month The Trump administration can resume sharing location information and public health insurance benefits with Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Brown University to implement new public safety actions after campus shooting Brown University’s interim Vice President for Public Safety Hugh Clements released a campus safety action less than a month before spring semester begins. Trump administration suing Virginia for giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants The lawsuit claims Virginia law is violating the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution. Court rules FEMA illegally withheld $17M in emergency funds from NC first responders Attorney General Jeff Jackson has secured a significant legal victory for North Carolina, winning a case against the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA. National Guard to patrol New Orleans for New Year's after deadly 2025 attack High-profile National Guard missions have been launched in other cities this year, including Washington, Memphis and Tennessee. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Blazers dispatch Dallas to pick up wins on back-to-back nights The Portland Trail Blazers made it two wins in two nights with a 125-122 home victory over Dallas on Monday night.The Blazers got out to a hot start with a 42-p Ducks push No. 6-ranked Michigan to overtime before falling The University of Oregon women’s basketball team pushed No. 6-ranked Michigan to the limit before falling 92-87 in double overtime Monday, marking the Ducks' fi See More Right arrow Entertainment Chevy Chase had 'full meltdown' after N-word incident on 'Community' set leaked New details are emerging about Chevy Chase’s exit from "Community" back in 2013 after an alleged incident where he dropped a racial slur in front of Justin Bieber calls for a 'safer' and 'more honest' music industry after child stardom The pop star reflected on his struggles as a child star and is calling for meaningful change in the music biz. Beyoncé officially becomes a billionaire, one of only five musicians ever Queen Bey has joined the ranks of celebrities reaching billionaire status, becoming the fifth musician to hit the milestone. $20 million 'Christmas' lawsuit against Mariah Carey dismissed Mariah Carey had a lawsuit over her holiday hit "All I Want for Christmas Is You" dismissed, winning almost $100,000 in attorneys' fees in the process. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Portland Rescue Mission - Sober and thriving Hood to Coast Team CLICK HERE TO DONATEHope is on the move - and it’s racing to change lives.At Portland Rescue Mission (PRM), healing doesn’t stop at shelter. Through holistic an SPONSORED Portland's relocation boom: Why families are moving here in 2025 Portland, Oregon, is experiencing a significant uptick in relocations, particularly among families. SPONSORED Maurice Lucas ML20 Re-Auction Maurice Lucas was a champion, on and off the court.He believed in giving back and changing kids&rsquo; lives.That&rsquo;s why his son, David, started the Maurice Lucas Fo SPONSORED KATU Toy Drive HOW YOU CAN HELP:AMAZON GIFT LIST | WALMART GIFT LIST | MAKE A CASH DONATIONEvery year, countless families in our community face the challenge of providing holi SPONSORED Operation Helping Our Heroes Supports the Clark County Veterans Assistance Center Operation Helping Our Heroes is a critical initiative raising funds to support the Clark County Veterans Assistance Center (CCVAC). SPONSORED Schoolhouse Supplies THANKS A MILLION Teacher Appreciation We are thrilled to announce that KATU and Univision Portland are partnering with Schoolhouse Supplies (SHS) to present "THANKS A MILLION!". SPONSORED Reduce energy usage and earn tax credits when you seal your ducts! Coming off of another hot summer, Portland residents know extreme temperatures boost energy usage and utility bills. The energy used to heat and cool a home eve SPONSORED October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and OnPoint Community Credit Union and Pacific Office Automation have teamed up with KATU to offer help with what you can do to protect yourself. PROTECT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILY. Have a password management strategy. Change them frequently. Use a different username and password for each account/website. Use long complex passwords. Don&rsquo;t share your username or password with anyone &ndash; shared passwords can increase risk of fraud. SPONSORED Multnomah County health official urges those who haven't to get vaccinated Multnomah County's top public health official spoke one-on-one with KATU News, explaining the safety and effectiveness of the coronavirus vaccines, hoping to convince those who are not vaccinated. The data from the state of Oregon shows that vulnerable groups are still waiting to get the shot. Dr. SPONSORED Let a tour guide help you plan the perfect Oregon trip There is a lot that goes into planning a trip. So, Travel Oregon wants to make it easier by introducing some of Oregon&rsquo;s tour guides. Chevonne Ball offers private, luxury wine tours in the Willamette Valley with her company Dirty Radish. Ball is from Oregon, currently lives in the Willamette Valley and knows her stuff. >>> MORE TRAVEL OREGON STORIES. "I&rsquo;ve worked in restaurants for 20 years. SPONSORED Traveling safely through Oregon as COVID-19 cases surge As we get further into spring the temperatures are rising, but so are COVID cases in Oregon. So where and how can you travel safely? Oregon Health Authority Senior Health Advisor Dr. Bukhosi Dube says the best way to vacation while COVID cases surge is a staycation in your own community. But if you do choose to travel, Dr. Dube advises you to stay within your region, about 100 miles from home. SPONSORED Oregon's waterways could soon be busy, here's how to enjoy them safely With health experts and officials discouraging out-of-state travel and people craving the healing powers of nature, Oregon&rsquo;s many waterways are expected to busy once again in 2021. But before you jump in, there are some things you need to do first to make sure it&rsquo;s a safe trip. The most important is to have a life jacket. &ldquo;Equate safety with life jackets. It&rsquo;s the simplest piece of equipment and yet the most essential,&rdquo; Ashley Massey with the Oregon State Marine Board said. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page On Your Side Saturday 'No Kings' rally in Portland attracts tens of thousands Portland's waterfront was flooded with tens of thousands of people Saturday for the 'No Kings Rally and March.' Portland Police ramp up Measure 110 ticketing for public drug use There&rsquo;s been a dramatic uptick in the number of tickets Portland Police officers are handing out for public drug use. Eyesore RV gone, tunnel cleaner after KATU reports We have a couple of &ldquo;City in Crisis, Finding Solutions&rdquo; updates for you.First, many of you followed the story of a homeless RV that parked in front of a home in Amid deadly crashes, Portland traffic officers write hundreds more tickets in weeks after relaunching unit Portland police officers have written hundreds more traffic tickets and warnings in the weeks since relaunching the traffic unit compared to the same timeframe Fear and frustration near Portland's newest Safe Rest Village at Peninsula Crossing Trail Frustrations are growing in North Portland just weeks after the city swept a massive homeless camp and opened a new Safe Rest Village. KATU has been tracking th Portland leader 'confident' new violence initiative will stem deadly crimes in Rose City Portland city leaders are confident a recently announced gun violence reduction plan will lead to fewer people killed in the Rose City, as shootings and homicid Relaunching traffic team puts Portland Police in line with major American agencies Portland&rsquo;s decision to relaunch its traffic enforcement team brings it into line with the majority of other police agencies in major American cities, a KATU Inv Multnomah County makes major changes to pretrial risk assessments, monitoring decisions Multnomah County instituted major changes to its pretrial release program June 1 &ndash; dictating release conditions for hundreds of people charged with a crime but Beaverton man says Home Depot should cover roofing repairs tied to 2012 job It&rsquo;s a nightmare for a lot of homeowners &ndash; headaches with a contractor over home renovation projects&mdash;and it&rsquo;s a problem a Beaverton man said has turned his enti Lesser known credit card perks can save you money amid inflation Credit cards often market their benefits, but there are many less obvious advantages that may be passing you by.Credit card companies offer incentives from trav Portland 12-year-old girl, parents push soccer league to let her play with boys A 12-year-old Portland girl and her parents are calling on her club soccer league to change its rules, specifically the rule that prohibits girls from playing in the Super Division of the Washington Premier League.  The WPL has teams all over Washington and the Portland metro area. Maci Barlow plays for Soccer Chance Academy, a club her parents said joined the WPL recently. Barlow has been playing soccer for most of her life. Portland 911 center's average wait times hit high in 2021, city plans improvements A growing number of Portlanders who call 911 are holding for several minutes, as the average time it took dispatchers to answer calls hit a high point in 2021 at 57 seconds in November, according to the Bureau of Emergency Communications monthly report. A KATU News investigation found Portland's dispatch center, which serves all of Multnomah County, has consistently failed to meet national standards in answering 911 calls. COVID hospitalizations strained 'under-bedded' Oregon healthcare systems Oregon&rsquo;s hospital infrastructure flirted with disaster at the height of the coronavirus pandemic, even after vaccinations became widely available. Hundreds of mostly unvaccinated Oregonians filled emergency rooms and ICUs across the state. It is one of the nightmare scenarios of the pandemic - hospitals so full that emergency rooms have to turn away people who need help. No clear plan to deal with homeless camps on North Portland beach Homeless camps have taken over a popular North Portland beach. KATU News has been tracking the issue for more than two years now. The problem only worsened during the pandemic, and it doesn't appear there is a plan to deal with it. "I would say over the last several months, the encampments have built up more and more," said Nat Parker. Like many people, Parker is careful about how he talks about homelessness, specifically the camps on Swan Island's Lindbergh's Beach. Oregon's police training rules could slow Portland mayor's 200-officer hiring goal PORTLAND, Ore. (KATU) &mdash; Portland's mayor wants to add 200 armed police officers and 100 unarmed positions to the police bureau over the next three years, a bold plan and even something many are calling for, but is it possible? The first hurdle, of course, is finding 200 qualified candidates who want to be a police officer and can pass the rigorous background testing and the mental and physical tests. The second hurdle is getting them on the force. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page KATU Investigates New PBOT data reflects increased enforcement of parking meters, other parking rules Portland’s Transportation Bureau continues beefing up parking enforcement to help its bottom line as the agency deals with a difficult financial situation. News of unspent millions in Portland Housing Bureau shocks city councilors and advocates The revelation Portland’s Housing Bureau was sitting on roughly $20 million of unspent money shocked city leaders and advocates for renters, as city leaders now Supporters, critics debate changes to Multnomah County's taxpayer-funded preschool program There’s a renewed push to get rid of a tax paying for free preschool for thousands of Multnomah County 3- and 4-year olds. See More Right arrow Travel and Outdoors Chinook Salmon denied consideration to be labeled endangered species For the second time in seven years the National Marine Fisheries Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration have determined that Chinook Sa Mussel harvest reopens from Cascade Head to the California border Mussel harvesting is now open from Cascade Head to the California border the Oregon Department of Agriculture and Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife announc Discover Pass price jumps 50% The next time you buy an annual Discover Pass to access Washington state parks, it will cost you 50% more. Cape Disappointment State Park to close for major renovations until 2026 Cape Disappointment State Park, one of Washington's most visited parks, will undergo significant renovations. See More Right arrow Everyday Heroes Everyday Heroes: Findley Elementary School students take action to warm NICU wards In this week's Everyday Heroes, students at Findley Elementary School are about to take what they're learning beyond the classroom to make a difference. Everyday Heroes: Nonprofit uses unique approach to help homeless youth The resource center P:ear is designed for youth experiencing homelessness and housing insecurity. Everyday Heroes: 'Warrior Women' portraits empower women with cancer diagnoses This week's Everyday Hero uses her passion for photography to empower cancer patients and survivors, all while battling cancer herself. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report KATU FCC Info KATU FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports AMNW Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.