Little Rock News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Pine Bluff Police searching for man in connection with early Wednesday shooting The Pine Bluff Police Department is searchinfg Three Connors State College coaches on leave after Vilonia-native Ethan Dietz's death Three coaches from Connors State College (CSC) will be taking personal leave for the rest of the season, the university announced.Men's head basketball coach an Safety urged as New Year's Eve celebrations approach As New Year's Eve festivities kick off, authorities are emphasizing safety to prevent accidents and legal issues.Sgt. Todd Crowson of the Bryant Police Departm Family identifies infant found dead; Little Rock woman charged with murder Update:KATV has spoken with the family of the deceased and confirmed the infant boy who died was Elijah Flowerday.Original:Authorities say a 23-year-old woman i Local 7 On Your Side Little Rock ARC Nation & World Connect to Congress Health Entertainment Offbeat Inside Your World Amazing America Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America For Pet's Sake Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom Weather Current Weather Little Rock Sunny 56 F 59 / 35 Today 59 / 35 Thursday 66 / 49 Friday 61 / 43 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Closings Weather Cameras Sports Sports Three Connors State College coaches on leave after Vilonia-native Ethan Dietz's death Three coaches from Connors State College (CSC) will be taking personal leave for the rest of the season, the university announced.Men's head basketball coach an Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Deuce Williams  trying to follow in footsteps of NFL dad Deuce Williams  trying to follow in footsteps of NFL dad Hog Central Podcast: Too many turnovers! Hogs fall short against Houston, look on to JMU The Razorbacks committed 12 turnovers, which Houston converted into 19 points in the Hogs' 94-85 loss to the Cougars on Saturday.However, coach John Calipari r Local Hog Central Friday Night TDs Sully Says TICKETS City Guide Coach of the Year Inside the Booth Community Community Bring in the New Year with Tipton and Hurst! LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. Creating healthy habits with Baptist Health LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. Recovery Centers of Arkansas: Sharing a story of hope LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. Shop prom dresses with First Impressions Shop prom dresses with First Impressions Daybreak Good Morning Arkansas AR Towns Difference Makers Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Gwatney Auto Matters Therapeutic Thursdays Connect to College and Career McLarty Drives Education The Spirit of Arkansas Diaper Drive Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 56 ° Thu 63 ° Fri 59 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local 7 On Your Side 7OYS Contact 7OYS Stories Little Rock ARC Nation & World Connect to Congress Health Entertainment Offbeat Inside Your World Amazing America Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America For Pet's Sake Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Closings Weather Cameras Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Local Hog Central Friday Night TDs Sully Says TICKETS City Guide Coach of the Year Inside the Booth Community Down Arrow Community Home Daybreak Good Morning Arkansas AR Towns Difference Makers Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Gwatney Auto Matters Therapeutic Thursdays Connect to College and Career McLarty Drives Education The Spirit of Arkansas Diaper Drive Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Coats For Kids Drive Souper Bowl Of Caring Features Down Arrow Features Home KATV Home Services Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Down Arrow Chime In Home Wednesday Whoppers Arkansas Heritage Tour Contests Newsletter Sign Up About Down Arrow About Home Contact Us News Team Mobile Apps Schedule Careers Compulse Digital Advertising Advertising Newsletter Sign Up Weather App and Alerts News App and Alert Send a Tip Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Pine Bluff Police searching for man in connection with early Wednesday shooting The Pine Bluff Police Department is searchinfg Family identifies infant found dead; Little Rock woman charged with murder Update:KATV has spoken with the family of the deceased and confirmed the infant boy who died was Elijah Flowerday.Original:Authorities say a 23-year-old woman i Three Connors State College coaches on leave after Vilonia-native Ethan Dietz's death Three coaches from Connors State College (CSC) will be taking personal leave for the rest of the season, the university announced.Men's head basketball coach an Safety urged as New Year's Eve celebrations approach As New Year's Eve festivities kick off, authorities are emphasizing safety to prevent accidents and legal issues.Sgt. Todd Crowson of the Bryant Police Departm MN fraud allegations: House Oversight Chairman announces hearing House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, R-Ky., announced Wednesday that there would be a hearing on the alleged Minnesota fraud on January 7. Epstein files dominate headlines in 2025: Timeline At the start of President Donald Trump’s administration, many supporters of the president requested transparency when it came to the disgraced Jeffrey Epstein. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Ex-FBI agent says Minnesota's Medicaid fraud prevention layer won't solve current problem Recently the Minnesota Department of Human Services announced that it would be adding another layer of verification for Medicaid payments to prevent fraud. City of Hot Springs finalizing EPA grant application for St. Joseph's hospital demolition The City of Hot Springs is moving closer to tearing down the former St. Joseph Hospital building, a structure that has sat vacant for years.The hospital at 100 Arkansas to roll out new laws in 2026: tax relief, health benefits, and more Starting Jan. 1, 2026, a slew of new laws will take effect, impacting residents across the state.One of the most anticipated changes is the elimination of the Local News Clinton Library marks 21 years, unveils major renovations, new Hillary wing On November 18th, 2004, the Clinton Presidential Library and Museum officially opened along the banks of the Arkansas River with a grand dedication ceremony.KAT Early voting begins in special primaries for District 70, 26 seats Early voting began today for two seats in Arkansas Congress today.In District 70, which covers parts of North Little Rock, Sherwood, and the Camp Joseph T. Robi Pine Bluff names Randy Compton as new fire chief, effective January 2026 Pine Bluff Mayor Vivian Flowers has officially appointed Interim Chief Randy Compton as the Fire Chief of the Pine Bluff Fire & Emergency Services Department, e Fans and businesses to play key role in Razorback NIL success via TheLinkU NIL opportunities in Fayetteville are expected to increase by way of a partnership between Arkansas Athletics and TheLinkU that will provide an assortment of op North Little Rock police seek tips to find man wanted for rape and robbery charges Detectives of the North Little Rock Police Department are seeking tips to loate a man who is wanted for Rape, Aggravated Robbery, and Terroristic Threatening in Study reveals private school performance, spending trends under Arkansas voucher program A new study from the University of Arkansas offers new insights into how taxpayer money that is provided to families through the state's school voucher program LR's loitering law enforcement draws mixed reactions from people experiencing homelessness Little Rock police continue enforcement of the state’s loitering law after safety concerns from Attorney General Tim Griffin, issuing 177 citations since May 30 See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Family identifies infant found dead; Little Rock woman charged with murder Update:KATV has spoken with the family of the deceased and confirmed the infant boy who died was Elijah Flowerday.Original:Authorities say a 23-year-old woman i Arkansas to roll out new laws in 2026: tax relief, health benefits, and more Starting Jan. 1, 2026, a slew of new laws will take effect, impacting residents across the state.One of the most anticipated changes is the elimination of the Fire in downtown Little Rock engulfs vacant building Little Rock Fire Department officials confirmed a fire occurred early Tuesday morning at 13th and Spring Streets.No injuries or deaths have been reported.Offic Study reveals private school performance, spending trends under Arkansas voucher program A new study from the University of Arkansas offers new insights into how taxpayer money that is provided to families through the state's school voucher program Little Rock police continue loitering, panhandling enforcement following safety concerns The Little Rock Police Department will continue enforcing the state’s loitering law after safety concerns raised this summer by Arkansas Attorney General Tim Gr Nation & World Transportation Secretary slams Newsom over fake extension for foreign truckers' licenses On Tuesday, California DMV issued a notice that it was extending the licenses of affected CDL drivers to March 6, 2026. Trump says there is more fraud in California than Minnesota, calls governors corrupt President Donald Trump said Wednesday that there is more fraud in California than there is in Minnesota in the wake of the Medicaid fraud scandal. Trump's economic policies surprise experts with strong growth and falling oil prices New economic numbers are turning heads in Washington -- and proving many so-called experts got it wrong again. Third oil tanker under US pursuit appears with Russian flag on its side Federal authorities reported the oil tanker has been under U.S. sanctions since last year for transporting Iranian oil, which is sold to finance terrorism. Concerns rise over Minnesota's same-day registration amid welfare fraud scandal The attention comes as the state has been riddled with widespread fraud and corruption. Sheriff Salazar strongly believes body found belongs to 19-year-old Camila Olmos Investigators said that the body that was found matched Camila's clothing description, but have not yet identified the body as that of Camila Olmos. Gas prices plummet to pandemic-era lows, giving holiday travelers a much-needed break Prices at the gas pump are the lowest since the coronavirus pandemic and they are still falling, giving consumers wallets a break as the new year starts. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Deuce Williams  trying to follow in footsteps of NFL dad Deuce Williams  trying to follow in footsteps of NFL dad Hog Central Podcast: Too many turnovers! Hogs fall short against Houston, look on to JMU The Razorbacks committed 12 turnovers, which Houston converted into 19 points in the Hogs' 94-85 loss to the Cougars on Saturday.However, coach John Calipari r See More Right arrow Entertainment Spanks for the memories! Why Timothée Chalamet refuses to use a butt double Timothée Chalamet went full method actor for his spanking scene in "Marty Supreme." Exes & Ohs: From Britney to Bieber, a New Year’s Eve blast from the past A look back at iconic exes, famous friends, and sexy socialites from NYE past. The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Start 2026 with purpose: Blood drive offers a chance to give back and win big Donate blood to save lives and win big. SPONSORED Arkansas community action agencies provide critical support for local families For many Arkansas families, community action agencies are more than just service providers. They are a lifeline during difficult times. SPONSORED The Spirit of Arkansas Award: Magnolia Recovery Community The Spirit of Arkansas Award: Magnolia Recovery Community 9.28.25 SPONSORED Arkansas Department of Education unveils ACCESS website The Arkansas Department of Education (ADE) recently announced the official launch of its new ACCESS website. SPONSORED The Spirit of Arkansas Award: Building Bridges LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash;The nomination form can be found here. SPONSORED Stop and shop at Sherwood Tractor! LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. SPONSORED Plan now to help kids stay mentally healthy this summer Summer is a great time for kids and teenagers to focus on their mental health, but it’s also a tempting time for them to let their behavior go off the rails. Wh SPONSORED The Spirit of Arkansas Award: The Call LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash;The nomination form can be found here. SPONSORED The Spirit of Arkansas Award: Arkansas Waterfowl Association LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash;The nomination form can be found here. SPONSORED The Good Earth Garden Center has everything you need to make your landscape stand out LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information on The Good Earth Garden Center, click here. SPONSORED Every Second Matters with Saline Memorial Hospital LITTLE ROCK (KATV) - For more information, click here. SPONSORED Brain injuries: A path toward optimized recovery and fortified support Millions of people worldwide are affected by brain injuries caused by traumatic events or underlying health conditions. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Hog Central Report: Petrino to become offensive coordinator under Bill Belichick at North Carolina Bobby Petrino is set to become the offensive coordinator under Bill Belichick at North Carolina, reports confirm. Acuff logs career-high 27 points as No. 14 Arkansas loses to No. 8 Houston 94-85 The eighth-ranked Houston Cougars handled the No. 14 Arkansas Razorbacks in the Never Forget Tribute Classic, 95-85.The Hogs and Cougars made the trek to Newar Silverfield begins filling out coaching staff by selecting new coordinators After being selected as Arkansas' next head football coach just two weeks ago, Ryan Silverfield has begun filling out some of his positions on his coaching staf Brazile leads No. 17 Arkansas to 93-86 win over No. 16 Texas Tech in rematch of Sweet 16 Brazile leads No. 17 Arkansas to 93-86 win over No. 16 Texas Tech in rematch of Sweet 16 Unfinished Business: A Razorback Basketball Special As the Razorbacks prepare to enter SEC play, the KATV sports team joins Matt Zimmerman and Joe Kleine to talk about the team. Sources: Arkansas Razorbacks coaching staff coming together The Arkansas Razorbacks' coaching staff is beginning to take form.CBS Sports' Matt Zenitz has been reported new head coach Ryan Silverfield Five SEC schools in 2025-26 College Football Playoff At long last, the college football regular season is coming to a close (But, we still have one more game; Thank you Army and Navy.) Acuff scores 18 points to lead No. 25 Arkansas over Fresno State 82-58 Darius Acuff Jr. scored 18 points to lead No. 25 Arkansas to an 82-58 win over Fresno State on Saturday at Simmons Bank Arena.Arkansas (7-2) followed up its vic WATCH: Arkansas holding Ryan Silverfield introductory press conference The University of Arkansas is hosting a press conference on Thursday, Dec. 4, to officially introduce Ryan Silverfield as the program's 35th head coach in schoo Brazile scores 21 points as No. 25 Arkansas hands No. 6 Louisville its 1st loss, 89-80 Trevon Brazile scored 21 points to lead five Arkansas players in double figures as the 25th-ranked Razorbacks built a big lead and held off No. 6 Louisville 89- Hog Central Podcast: New coach, new Feel? Sully and Baz discuss hire of Ryan Silverfield There's a new head hog in Fayetteville, and he's already making waves across the state.What was once viewed as a rash hire by Hunter Yurachek, has quickly turne Social media reacts to Arkansas hiring Ryan Silverfield as program's next head coach On Sunday, Nov. 30, the University of Arkansas formally announced Ryan Silverfield as the 35th head coach of the Arkansas Razorbacks.The announcement came afte Missouri runs for 322 yards in win over Arkansas Ahmad Hardy ran for 149 yards and a touchdown while Jamal Roberts ran for another 100 yards and a score to lead Missouri to a 31-17 win over Arkansas on Saturda North Little Rock Chamber of Commerce to host Coach Calipari ahead of Simmons Bank game Ahead of Arkansas' game against Fresno State from Simmons Bank Arena, the North Little Rock Chamber of Commerce is welcoming Coach John Calipari as a special gu Manning has 4 TDs passing, 1 rushing and 1 receiving as No. 17 Texas beats Arkansas 52-37 Arch Manning passed for four touchdowns, ran for one and caught another as No. 17 Texas beat Arkansas 52-37 on Saturday to keep the Longhorns clinging to hopes See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Little Rock ARC 7 on 7: The biggest stories from last week you might've missed Here are the biggest stories you might have missed in the week of December 21-December 27.1. Judge to review vindictive prosecution claims in Kilmar Abrego Garc Pine Bluff's King Cotton Holiday Classic returns with a slam dunk lineup Pine Bluff is buzzing with excitement as the King Cotton Holiday Classic returns to the newly renovated Pine Bluff Convention Center this weekend.This national UCA student represents Bahamas at UNESCO Youth Forum in Uzbekistan Kezia Johnson, a communication science and disorder student at the University of Central Arkansas, recently had the honor of representing her home country, the See More Right arrow 7 On Your Side Pope Co. residents demand action from Brightspeed over perpetual phone, internet outages A rural Pope County community says it’s been left out in the cold by its only phone and internet service provider, Brightspeed, a multi-state company that took North Little Rock woman claims caregiver stole food, valuables while on the job "It's so insulting. I'm still dealing with the whole vision thing, to begin with," Baker responds. For somebody to come in and sit down and talk to you like I'm Arkansas Baptist College employees go weeks without pay Employees at Arkansas Baptist College are frustrated about not being paid. It isn't the first time the college has had financial problems. Clarksville school board lifts restrictions on male cheerleaders The Clarksville School Board has voted unanimously to rescind a policy that had previously restricted male cheerleaders from fully participating with their team See More Right arrow Good Morning Arkansas Bring in the New Year with Tipton and Hurst! LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. Creating healthy habits with Baptist Health LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. Recovery Centers of Arkansas: Sharing a story of hope LITTLE ROCK (KATV) &mdash; For more information, click here. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports 7 OYS About KATV Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.