Free QR Code Generator, Coupon, Contact & Design QR Codes & Tracking Home Features Pricing Help Blog Sign in Kaywa QR Generator URL Contact Coupon More Text Phone Vcard SMS Choose Coupon Type step 1 of 2 Online Coupon (for your web shop) step 2 of 2 In Store Coupon step 2 of 2 Online Coupon (for your webshop) In Store Coupon Join & Continue * Please select prefered coupon type ! Create an online store coupon and we'll provide you with a QR Code that links to it Header Image * Upload image Drop an image or browse it from your computer. Drag image to Set Position Title * 20 Characters or less Discount  * 20 Characters or less Barcode to be scanned at the Point of Sale (use Imager Scanner) 12-13 digits Enter the website where people can use your coupon * Locations where people can redeem your coupon Promo code if needed 20 Characters or less Describe your offer 90 Characters or less Terms Expiry Date Fields marked with * are required Back 160 characters Nr. Message: 140 characters What type of contact QR Code is this? My personal contact QR Code. I'm making it for someone else. Join & Continue * Please select one of the fields ! Profile photo Drop an image or browse it from your computer. Drag image to Set Position First Name* Family Name* Job Title Company Add Phone Phone (direct) Phone (work) Phone (home) Fax Add Email/URL Email URL Add Address Street City State Zip Country Add Social Profile Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Scan Contact QR Codes with the Kaywa QR Code Reader available on: First Name Family Name Add Organization Company Name Title within Company Add Phone number Phone Number Add Email and Website Email Website Address Street City State Zip Country ATTENTION Contact QR Codes cannot be changed afterwards. And as any piece of additional information creates a bigger QR Code - more information equals more QR Code pixels -, you should use only the absolute minimum of information necessary. The bigger the QR Code is respectively the smaller the QR Code pixels are, the more difficult it is to scan your code. Scan Contact QR Codes with the Kaywa QR Code Reader available on: Coupon example Join & Generate Generate Dynamic Static Join 2,002,597 customers QR Codes are a proven and easy-to-understand technology to bridge the gap between the physical (aka meatspace) and the digital world. You can encode any type of textual information in a QR Code, for example your website's address, a coupon, a contact. Once published on paper, any other physical medium (or even on the web), people can scan your QR Code using their device. By scanning they reveal the information and directly access the website, the coupon or the contact. QR Codes: What works best QR Codes are a great technology, but you also need to be an awesome communicator to really benefit from them. WE RECOMMEND THE FOLLOWING: Point to a website that is optimized for mobile devices or else choose our coupons or contacts. Surround the QR Code with a clear call to action, for example: “Scan to get our coupon! 10% off everything.” Use our “Design QR Code” creator, to instill life in your black and white QR Code. Brand your QR Code to make it stand out. Tell people to download your preferred reader and then to scan the code. NOW PEOPLE KNOW: - what to do. - how to do it and more importantly, - what to expect. To scan: use your device’s built-in QR Code reader. Kaywa offers paid QR Management platform QR Codes come in two types, either static or dynamic. We always recommend to use dynamic codes.
				Static code simply encode the information. With Kaywa you can create an unlimited number of static QR Codes free of charge.
				More interesting are dynamic codes and our QR MGMT only stores these. Dynamic codes can be changed, tracked and they are ideal for scanning with a mobile phone. QR MANAGEMENT PLANS & PRICING Number of Account Users Number of Dynamic QR Codes Number of Static QR Codes Number of Scans Download as PNG, PDF & EPS QR Code Tracking Design QR Codes DIY (PNG) Design Codes custom-made (EPS)* Campaign Tracking Exportable Reporting (Excel) Multiple URL Custom Hash Custom URL Bulk Code Creation & Download Starter $ 13.75 /mo billed annually Buy Now 1 5 Unlimited Unlimited Starter $ 13.75 /mo billed annually Buy Now Most popular Advanced $ 37.50 /mo billed annually or $45 month-to-month Buy Now 1 50 Unlimited Unlimited Advanced $ 37.50 /mo billed annually or $45 month-to-month Buy Now Premium+ $ 150.00 /mo billed annually or $180 month-to-month Buy Now 5 500 Unlimited Unlimited Premium+ $ 150.00 /mo billed annually or $180 month-to-month Buy Now Enterprise plan If you don't find what you are looking for in the above plans, if you need over 500 QR codes or if you have a special request, we recommend you contact us directly. Contact us We will respond within 24 hours Not Sure? Due to increased misuse of our free service, we now need to verify our users before letting them create QR Codes. This is a temporary measure and we might at any time roll it back.
If you do want to test our service or if you are unsure about which plan to choose, please click on the “Contact Us” option or start up a chat in the chat window to the right.
We are happy to help you choose the right plan for your needs and guide you through the features we offer. Contact us Copyright Kaywa AG © 2026. All rights reserved. // Terms & Privacy KAYWA // ZURICH, SWITZERLAND and SAN FRANCISCO, USA // FAQ PLAY IT SAFE, CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT. Afghanistan Aland Islands Alaska Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Asiatic Russia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Palau Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State Of Bosnia And Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Virgin Islands, British Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Kiribati Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad British Indian Ocean Territory Chile China Christmas Island Congo Cocos (keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Timor-leste Egypt El Salvador United Kingdom Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic Of Iraq Ireland Isle Of Man Israel Italy Cote Divoire Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Cambodia Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Kuwait Lao Peoples Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Lord Howe Island Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States Of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Cook Islands Korea, Democratic Peoples Republic Of Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar South Africa Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Martin (french Part) San Marino Sao Tome And Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands Korea, Republic Of South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Helena, Ascension And Tristan Da Cunha Saint Lucia Sint Maarten (dutch Part) Saint Pierre And Miquelon Saint Vincent And The Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard And Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Tajikistan Taiwan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu Virgin Islands, U.s. Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Holy See (vatican City State) Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic Of Viet Nam Wallis And Futuna Western Sahara Samoa Yemen Serbia Zambia Zimbabwe United States Minor Outlying Islands Bonaire, Sint Eustatius And Saba CuraÇao Ecuador French Southern Territories Russian Federation Saint Barthelemy Join By clicking "Join" you are agreeing to the Privacy Policy Welcome Sign in Forgot password?