KCRG | Cedar Rapids, Iowa City, Waterloo, Dubuque | News, Sports and Weather Skip to content Show You Care Student of the Month Everyday Families Working Iowa Memorials Advertise With Us Collette Tours Surprise Squad Watch Live Streaming Studio News Weather Video Sports OnIowa Live KCRG 9.2 Everyday Iowa We the People Connect YouNews Home News Everyday Iowa Iowa National I9 Investigations Our Town Working Iowa Watch Live Streaming Studio First Alert Weather Radar Weather Now CityCAM StormNet Map Room Winter Severe Weather Cancellations Weather Kids Weather Academy Rivers Sports Hawkeyes Cyclones Panthers Athlete Of The Week Big Ol' Fish Scoreboard Latest Videos KCRG 9.2 Everyday Iowa Contact Us Meet the Team Advertise With Us Submit a News Story Jobs at KCRG KCRG-TV9 Daily Digest TV Listings Show You Care Surprise Squad Wagner Tails Election Results Presidential Election Map Iowa Interactive Results Everyday Families YouNews Student of the Month Contests Surprise Squad NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Job Connection Circle Country Gray DC Bureau PowerNation InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy 4 weather alerts in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar TRENDING Iowa receives $209 million in federal funding for rural healthcare Iowa, Vanderbilt coaches look ahead to ReliaQuest Bowl game Iowa National Guard soldier laid to rest after Syria death A warmer end to the year, a cold start to the new year We will see partly cloudy skies tonight as temperatures fall into the mid-20s. Local Cedar Rapids bar hosts fundraisers for family after Christmas Day fire tragedy Iowa Bird flu detected in Dallas County chicken, duck flock Local Cedar Rapids man charged with attempted murder in connection to shooting TOP HEADLINES Local FCC ban on new DJI drones could affect future operations for Iowa agencies, businesses Updated : 2 hours ago | By Libbie Randall Federal regulators are moving to block new versions and replacement parts of certain foreign-made drones, a decision that could have long-term implications for law enforcement agencies and private operators across Iowa. Iowa Northeastern Iowa hospital limits visitors due to respiratory virus increase Updated : 3 hours ago | By KCRG Staff Regional Medical Center in Manchester is limiting visitors due to an increase in respiratory viruses. Local Ukrainian family in Iowa City hoped for Christmas miracle as father remains stuck in Germany Updated : 3 hours ago | By Rebekah Vaughan Father has been overseas for four months while applying for H-1B visa to return to family Iowa Cedar Rapids completes more than 50 road projects in 2025 Updated : 4 hours ago | By KCRG Staff Cedar Rapids’ Paving for Progress program has completed more than 50 projects in 2025, marking its twelfth year of improving city streets. News Bars, law enforcement prepare for New Year’s Eve celebrations Updated : 1 hour ago | By Conner Woodruff A Cedar Rapids bar appropriately titled “The Bar” will have increased staffing for the holiday, largely to make sure patrons are safe and aren’t getting behind the wheel while under the influence. Iowa Marshalltown teen charged with attempted murder in connection to high school parking lot shooting Updated : 5 hours ago | By KCCI An 18-year-old Marshalltown man is charged with attempted murder after police say he fired shots in the city’s high school parking lot. 9-Day Forecast Pinpoint Doppler Radar FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Cedar Rapids bar hosts fundraisers for family after Christmas Day fire tragedy News Iowa’s Joe Moore-Award winning line prepares for a battle in the trenches against Vanderbilt News Iowa to receive $209 million in federal funding for rural healthcare News Marshalltown teen charged with attempted murder in connection to high school parking lot shooting MORE NEWS Forecast A few snow showers before the year ends, then quieter Updated : 4 hours ago | By Corey Thompson Big-time travel impacts are unlikely, but we’re monitoring for a few slick spots. Iowa AP sources: In ‘Nassar 2.0,’ Olympics watchdog failed to close abuse case against gymnastics coach Updated : 10 hours ago | By The Associated Press People familiar with the case involving Sean Gardner told The Associated Press he had agreed to a permanent ban from coaching early this year but the center never closed the deal. Hawkeyes Iowa’s Joe Moore-Award winning line prepares for a battle in the trenches against Vanderbilt Updated : 45 minutes ago | By Chelsie Brown and Jack Lido Iowa head coach Kirk Ferentz says the Joe Moore Award hits close to his heart - legendary coach Joe Moore was his mentor. Hawkeyes Voice of the Hawkeyes Gary Dolphin gives his keys to the game ahead of the ReliaQuest Bowl Updated : 4 hours ago | By KCRG Staff TV9 Sports Director Chelsie Brown went one-on-one with Voice of the Hawkeyes Gary Dolphin. Local Former high school football coach accused of theft scheduled for plea and sentencing Updated : 7 hours ago | By KCRG Staff A former Dubuque Senior High School football coach accused of stealing over $47,000 is expected to plead guilty and be sentenced in January. Iowa What to expect in Iowa’s state Senate special election Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:48 PM CST | By The Associated Press Voters in a Democratic-leaning West Des Moines-area district will pick a new state senator Tuesday in a special election that could allow Iowa Republicans to regain a supermajority in the chamber and secure the party’s grip on state government. Iowa Iowa lawmakers eye community college degrees, public university courses for 2026 Updated : 8 hours ago | By Brooklyn Draisey Iowa lawmakers are turning their attention to the academic offerings of community colleges and public universities as they ramp up for the legislative session. Hawkeyes Iowa, Vanderbilt coaches look ahead to ReliaQuest Bowl game Updated : 8 hours ago | By Joey Donia and KCRG Staff Both head coaches of the University of Iowa Hawkeyes and Vanderbilt Commodores a will hold a press conference Tuesday morning. Iowa New Years Eve 2025: How to celebrate safely in Iowa Updated : 11 hours ago | By KCRG Staff With New Years Eve just around the corner, here’s what you need to know to have a safe and special celebration. Local Viola ‘old general store’ destroyed in fire Updated : 11 hours ago | By KCRG Staff The Linn County Sheriff’s Office says a fire destroyed the building known as the “old general store” in Viola. News New legislation in Iowa will require disclosure of lead service pipes in real estate sales Updated : 22 hours ago | By Connor Trett House File 876 will require sellers to disclose if there are lead service pipes connected to the building's water meter or interior plumbing. Iowa New Iowa legislation will change tax rates for money won in sports gambling Updated : 21 hours ago | By KTIV Staff Starting in 2026, there are changes to the way taxes are withheld from winnings MORE NEWS Iowa Inmate found unresponsive in Clinton County Jail cell Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:37 PM CST | By KWQC Staff A male inmate was found unresponsive in the Clinton County Jail Sunday, according to the Clinton County Sheriff’s Office. Hawkeyes Iowa fans flock to Clearwater Beach ahead of ReliaQuest Bowl Updated : 22 hours ago | By Joey Donia Wherever the Iowa football team goes for a bowl game, thousands of Hawkeye fans are sure to follow. Iowa Iowa Dept. of Corrections seeking man who escaped work release in Davenport Updated : 22 hours ago | By KCRG Staff The Iowa Department of Corrections is asking for the public’s help in locating a work release escapee in Davenport after he failed to return on Christmas Eve. Iowa Avian flu confirmed in several wild flocks across central Iowa Updated : 22 hours ago | By Suzanne Behnke Avian flu has been confirmed in several wild bird flocks in central Iowa, according to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources. Iowa Salvation Army to auction specialty coins for Red Kettle campaign Updated : 22 hours ago | By KCRG Staff The Salvation Army of Waterloo and Cedar Falls will hold its annual Red Kettle Special Coin Auction starting December 30 through January 7, 2026. Iowa Judge orders Iowa to reopen Honey Creek Resort under previous operator by spring 2026 Updated : 23 hours ago | By KCRG Staff A judge has ruled that Iowa must reopen the state-run Honey Creek Resort in Appanoose County by spring 2026 and return operations to its previous operator. Iowa Polk Co. woman charged after allegedly using child in nearly $30,000 clothing scheme Updated : 23 hours ago | By KCRG Staff A Des Moines woman is facing charges after police say she used a child to steal nearly $30,000 in clothes. Local Cedar Rapids police prepare for hands-free driving law enforcement Updated : 23 hours ago | By Libbie Randall Starting Jan. 1, Iowa drivers could be pulled over for something many admit they do every day: holding their phone while behind the wheel. Iowa Iowa flags return to full-staff after fallen National Guard soldiers laid to rest Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:39 PM CST | By KCRG Staff Governor Reynolds has ordered state flags to be returned to full-staff Monday night following weeks of remembrance for two fallen Iowa National Guard members. Iowa $209M in federal funds awarded for rural health transformation in Iowa Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:33 PM CST | By Cami Koons Iowa’s rural health care improvement plan, “Healthy Hometowns,” was awarded $209 million Monday as part of a federal funding program under the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. News First Alert Weather Sports Contact Us YouNews Pinpoint Doppler Radar KCRG 9.2 Submit a News Story Show You Care Cancellations Athlete Of The Week Advertise With Us TV Listings KCRG 501 2nd Ave SE Cedar Rapids, IA 52401 (319) 399-5999 Public Inspection File FCC Applications programming@kcrg.com - (319) 399-5999 Closed Captioning/Audio Description Terms of Service Privacy Policy EEO Statement Advertising Digital Marketing Boxing Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025