Home - Keele University Sorry, but you must enable JavaScript to view the Keele website. Keele courses are also available at https://digital.ucas.com/search/results?SearchText=keele Skip to main content Accessibility Home Search Keele Skip to main content Accessibility Home Foundation Undergraduate 2026 Postgraduate Research CPD Student home Welcome new students Health and wellbeing Let us know Student KLE Staff Directory Library Intranet Alumni Faculties Schools Institutes Research Institutes China Hong Kong SAR India Kenya Nigeria Pakistan Saudi Arabia UK International Rest of the world Visa Study Research Society Business About Home Study Research Society Business About Home Find a course Foundation years Undergraduate 2026 Postgraduate courses Postgraduate research At Keele, we’re proud to offer a diverse range of career-focused courses and a vibrant student life on our beautiful 600-acre campus. Undergraduate 2026 Find out more Postgraduate Study Find out more Foundation Year Find out more Student life Find out more Book your Open Day This is where it begins. Whether you’re visiting us for an Undergraduate Open Day, or exploring further study options at a Postgraduate Open Event, we look forward to welcoming you to our campus. View our dates Accommodation As a campus university, Keele has over 2,600 bedrooms on site, with a range of accommodation available and all within a short walk of the centre of campus. Read more Luke Morgan Senior Manager, Consumer Payments EMEA, The Walt Disney Company Luke graduated from Keele in 2008 with a degree in Politics, and has also held positions at Mastercard and British Airways, where he was a Senior Manager in payments for the airline. And he looks back on his three years spent in Staffordshire with fond memories. He said: “I went to sixth form in Belgium and I remember looking at the back of a politics magazine in class, and there was an advert for Keele. It was an aerial photo of the big, green campus and it really caught my attention. I attended an open day and was really impressed by the look and feel of the campus, and had no hesitation in going to Keele." Read Luke's story > Latest news The latest news from Keele University. View all news Head of Keele's Language Centre receives British Empire Medal in New Year's Honours University News 30 December 2025 Keele joins new worldwide canal-city university network to tackle global challenges University News 22 December 2025 Keele’s Year in the News – 2025 University News 19 December 2025 Keele researcher welcomes Scotland law change increasing sentences for dog theft University News 19 December 2025 Keele psychology expert advises U.S. police on protest management University News 18 December 2025 Swearing frees the mind to “go for it”, Keele study finds University News 18 December 2025 Keele and NHS Trust researchers develop groundbreaking blood test for lung cancer University News 17 December 2025 Keele Word Affairs forum marks 45 years of dialogue and debate University News 12 December 2025 This is Keele Keele University combines the best of modern learning with a rich history on a stunning, green campus. Our innovative courses are designed with employability in mind, offering placement opportunities that prepare students for real-world success. Located near both a vibrant university town and a bustling city, Keele is a global community for both academic and personal growth, and our world-class research has impact regionally, nationally and internationally. This is Keele Established over 75 years ago, Keele created the blueprint for modern-day higher education in Britain. Book an Open Day Back to top Follow Keele University on social media Quick Links Privacy and cookies Accessibility Terms and conditions Feedback Data protection and information governance Charity registration Modern Slavery Act Policy Zone CMS: add new content to this page CMS: modify content on this page CMS: modify this page using Direct Edit Last modified:  19.12.2025 Keele University, Staffordshire, UK, ST5 5BG Contact us Find us Campus map Access How to find Keele University. Directions and maps. © Keele University Study at Keele Undergraduate Undergraduate courses 2026 Foundation year Postgraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Student life at Keele Accommodation Facilities Why Keele? International students CPD and leadership Apprenticeships Book an open day Find a course Student life Research at Keele Research Institutes and Centres Institute for Global Health and Wellbeing Institute for Social Inclusion Institute for Sustainable Futures Digital Society Institute Research Centres and Schools Research opportunities Postgraduate research Studentships Professional Doctorates Doctoral Training Centres Research support Innovation and support Keele Doctoral Academy Engagement and Impact Partnerships Find an expert Engagement and impact Research partnerships Keele, community and society Sustainability Our green campus Research Consultancy Education and outreach Serving our local communities Staffordshire Cheshire Shropshire Our impact Health impact Economic impact Institute for Social Inclusion Keele Deals Keele in Town Community legal support Get in touch Keele Business Gateway Business support Apprenticeships Placements Help to Grow Science and Innovation Park Why Keele? Facilities and availability Keele Innovation District Title Description Support for Newcastle-u-Lyme Organisations Keele in Town Upcoming events Venue hire and conferences About Keele About Keele Our history Our heritage Facts and figures Keele timeline Strategic plan and mission Leadership team Campus and Location How to find us and travel information Campus maps Hotel Virtual tour Work at Keele Alumni Equity, Diversity and Inclusion News Events Contact us General enquiries Faculties and Schools Visits and open days Arts at Keele Food and drink Merchandise Sport at Keele