Keen - Event Streaming Platform Platform Platform Event Streaming Easily collect event data from anywhere and enrich and transform event attributes. Persistent Storage Keep your event data reliably and securely within Keen with multi-layer AES encryption. Real-Time Analytics Our powerful query and compute functions make it easy to find valuable answers and insights. Embedded Visualizations Utilize our flexible presentation library to seamlessly embed and deliver metrics within your UI. Solutions Use Cases Product Analytics See how to get a true view of product usage and interaction. Customer Facing Metrics Deliver in-product analytics with minimal development time. Business Operations Use Keen with every tool your team uses, across sales, marketing and finance. Events-Based Billing Harness the power of event data to provide ultra-personalized billing for your users. Industries B2B SaaS Event-data is the center of winning SaaS business models. Connected Devices/IoT Stream real-time data from any connected device. Company Company Customers See how successful companies power their product and manage their event data with Keen. Blog Stay up-to-date on product updates and industry news. Resources Developer Streaming & Analytics Guide Everything you need to know about implementing event streaming and analytics infrastructure. Documentation Stroll through our docs to get up and running quickly. API Reference Everything you’ll need in order to use our intuitive API. Integrations Learn about integrations we’ve built to stream data easily. Keen Developer Resources Not sure where to look? Check out our developer quick links. API Status Keen status and record of recent issues and incidents. Library Find e-books, whitepapers, tutorials, and design resources. Data Viz Library Explore our interactive charts and dashboards. Pricing Log In Get Started The Fully Managed Event Streaming Platform Event Streaming API for developers, built on Apache Kafka®, Storm®, and Cassandra®. Get Started Event Streaming Collect real-time data from anywhere with our Streams API Persistent Storage Securely store your data with multi-layer AES encryption Real-Time Analytics Run queries to analyze your stored data with our Compute API Embedded Visualizations Deploy white-labeled, in-app dashboards with our Data Viz Library Flexible Event Streaming that Scales with Your Application Build event-driven apps, not streaming infrastructure There’s no need to rebuild a data pipeline, Keen already built one for you. Take advantage of our fully-managed, multi-tenant data architecture and get back to building awesome apps. Explore our API Reference » keen_homepage2 Start streaming in minutes, not months Building and maintaining streaming infrastructure takes months of time, and DevOps resources are expensive. Get up and running in minutes for a fraction of the cost with our power ful REST API. Read our Streaming and Analytics Guide » Dark Mode Deploy custom analytics and embedded visualizations Instead of using a third-party tool to analyze and visualize your event streams, Keen offers flexible Data Viz packages to prototype and ship production-ready dashboards on the fly. Check out our DataViz Library » Keen has changed the way we manage our event data and present analytics. We now have a single platform to handle the entire data lifecycle from streaming millions of events to custom dashboard creation. Sergiy Golub Head of Product, Travis CI With Keen, we're able to spot some cases of memory leaks in the field. Finding these problems before they're critical helps decrease outages, which keeps customers happy. We're also able to schedule fixes, instead of having the react immediately to an unplanned outages. Eric Nylander Principal Software Engineer, Polycom Keen saved us months of work building real-time analytics into our product. Our clients love seeing actionable insights as a native part of the user experience. Jeff Chen Co-founder and Director of Engineering, Pixlee TurnTo Previous Next Start building data-driven apps today. Start Continue building cutting-edge apps, not maintaining streaming infrastructure. Get Started or Get a Demo Talk to our experts to learn how Keen can help you deliver the product experiences your users expect. Request a Demo Platform Event Streaming Persistent Storage Real-Time Analytics Embedded Visualizations Pricing API Status Solutions Customer Facing Metrics Product Analytics Business Operations Events-Based Billing B2B SaaS Connected Devices/IoT Resources Support Library API Reference Integrations SDKs Open Source Company About Us Customers Blog Careers Contact Community Press & Events © 2025 Keen Privacy Policy Terms of Service We use cookies to ensure that we can give you the best experience on our website (unfortunately, no chocolate chips!) By clicking on or navigating the site, you agree to allow us to collect information through cookies. Accept No Thanks