Online Calendar Sharing & Collaboration Tools | KeepandShare Log In Get Started for Free Log In Home (current) Product Calendar Features Sample Calendars Self-Book Online Booking Software Embed your Calendar on a Website Customers Pricing Plans & Pricing Compare Free & Paid Plans Contact Us This is More than your Average Calendar Keep&Share is a robust and flexible appointment scheduling app built to save time and keep you organized. Try it Free Try it Free No credit card required Create an account and download the free Keep&Share app Our shareable group calendars make office communication simple & secure. Plus it's easy to share with anyone! Our shareable group calendars make office communication simple & secure. Plus it's easy to share with anyone! Made for offices & groups Our Team plans make group scheduling & collaboration easy, whether that team is 1 entrepreneur & an assistant, 15 art instructors, or 300 engineers scheduling repairs. Highly customizable With Keep&Share calendars you can add images, colors, event tags, detailed notes, maps, notifications, attach files, to do lists, links, and more. More calendar features Share with anyone You can share anything in your account with anyone on any device, whether they're part of your team or not. This makes it easy to coordinate with clients, contractors, and anyone else you need for your business. Extensive color-coding Use custom colors and event tags to group events by team member, location, job, and more. Office managers can even use event tags to filter calendars for only the events that you, your field crews, or office staff want to see. Visitors book appointments Self-Book visitors see available events on your calendar, & fill out a custom form to make a reservation. Send automated reminders, acceptance, rescheduling, and cancellation notifications to your customers. Learn more Email & text reminders Never miss another deadline — set up automated email and text reminders for any event or task on your calendar. You can send reminders to yourself and anyone on your team. Instant notifications You and your team can be alerted automatically of any changes made to appointments, events, or assignments in your calendar. Repeat Events Create recurring events that last multiple days and can repeat every day, week, month, or year - or even on advanced schedules like the first Friday of the month. Keep&Share is a great fit for all kinds of groups and small businesses. Some of our top users include: Accountants Auto services Bands Catering Churches Cleaning businesses Contractors Dog walkers Employee vacation management Law firms Local governments Medical centers Property management Rentals/reservations Schools Veterinarians ...and many more! Consultations help our customers get the most value out of their accounts, whether that means assisting with first-time setup, data migration, complex scheduling, customizations, or whatever else you need to get your account working perfectly for you! Schedule a consultation Combine multiple calendars Assign tasks, jobs, or appointments to individual members of your team in their own private calendar. You can then combine multiple team member calendars into one master calendar to easily compare different schedules. Try it Free Try it Free The "all-in-one" calendar Our calendar has seamlessly integrated 5 included apps ( Files , To Do Lists , Addresses , Photos , & Discussions ) into your account to turn your calendar into a collaboration powerhouse. Never lose track of anything in your email again. Desktop & mobile app Everything is stored in the cloud so you can check your calendar on a desktop, or on the free mobile app. Our calendar scheduling software makes it easy to stay on track. Sync any calendar As long as it has an iCalendar feed, you can sync it with your Keep&Share calendar. This includes calendars like Google, Yahoo, Outlook, Apple, and more. Combine your calendars across devices and platforms. It's as easy as pasting a URL! Embed a website calendar You can embed your calendar into any webpage so that visitors don't have to leave your site to see your calendar. Customize your calendar colors to match your website. Learn more Amy Kelly Owner, PicFlips Flipbooks We LOVE Keep&Share! What a lifesaver it has been for our event business! Our criteria included an easy-to-learn interface, mobile accessibility in case we are away from the office, the ability to add and take away users, the option of multiple calendar overlays, and excellent customer support. Keep&Share has exceeded our expectations! Join over 3 million users Sign up for a 15-day Free Trial below: Try it Free Try it Free Have questions about Keep&Share? Email Us Still not sure if Keep&Share is right for you? Email Us Call Us Product Home Calendar Features Sample Calendars Self-Book Online Booking Software Embed your Calendar on a Website Team Calendars Calendar Extras Suite of Applications Files To Do Addresses Photos Discussions Plans Customers Plans & Pricing Compare Plans K&S for Nonprofits About K&S Contact Us About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Log In Support K&S for Developers © Copyrights 2004-2025, KeepandShare, All Rights Reserved, KeepandShare and Keep&Share are trademarks of Gee Whiz Labs , Inc. Product Home Calendar Features Sample Calendars Self-Book Online Booking Software Embed your Calendar on a Website Team Calendars Calendar Extras Suite of Applications Files To Do Addresses Photos Discussions Plans Customers Plans & Pricing Compare Plans K&S for Nonprofits About K&S Contact Us About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Log In Support K&S for Developers © Copyrights 2004-2025, KeepandShare, All Rights Reserved, KeepandShare and Keep&Share are trademarks of Gee Whiz Labs , Inc. Product Home Calendar Features Sample Calendars Self-Book Online Booking Software Embed your Calendar on a Website Team Calendars Calendar Extras Suite of Applications Files To Do Addresses Photos Discussions Plans Customers Plans & Pricing Compare Plans K&S for Nonprofits About K&S Contact Us About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Log In Support K&S for Developers © Copyrights 2004-2025, KeepandShare, All Rights Reserved, KeepandShare and Keep&Share are trademarks of Gee Whiz Labs , Inc.