Kempinski Hotels | Luxury Five Star Hotels & Resorts SIGN IN BOOK NOW BOOK Celebrate in Style Inspire Me Advent calendar Explore the Kempinski legacy through 24 defining memories Step inside All that's missing is you Check Offer Where will you go next? Inspire Me Destinations Explore the world with Kempinski. Where will you go? Hotel Vier Jahreszeiten Kempinski Munich Munich, Germany Stay in the heart of the city, with the Bavarian capital’s most beautiful sightseeing spots right on your doorstep. Discover More Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok Bangkok, Thailand Get the feel of a resort amidst the city’s captivating mix of temples, skyscrapers and authentic cuisine. Discover More Hotel Adlon Kempinski Berlin Berlin, Germany Experience the magic of this legendary hotel, just steps away from the Brandenburg Gate. Discover More Kempinski in Dubai Dubai, United Arab Emirates Choose from four stylish accommodation options in this captivating city of contrasts. Discover More Çırağan Palace Kempinski İstanbul Istanbul, Türkiye Live like a Sultan in the only genuine Ottoman Imperial Palace and hotel on the Bosphorus. Discover More Marsa Malaz Kempinski, The Pearl Doha Doha, Qatar Find the perfect mix of Arabian and European elegance in this palatial oasis of comfort. Discover More Kempinski Hotel Cancún Cancún, Mexico Relax by the turquoise waters or leave the beach behind to discover the jungles and historical sites of the Mayan Empire. Discover More The Capitol Kempinski Hotel Singapore Singapore Experience the perfect blend of timeless heritage and modern luxury with a stay in this food lover’s paradise. Discover More Kempinski Hotel Beijing Yansha Center Beijing, China Choose this strategic location to visit the Forbidden City and other local attractions, immersing yourself in the capital’s rich heritage. Discover More Discover More Nymphenburg: A Palace for the Soul Stay in a living gallery, where royal history reveals itself through delicate porcelain masterpieces, bespoke finishings and attentive service. DISCOVER MORE Our Stories ESSENTIALLY KEMPINSKI Nymphenburg Porcelain Manu-factum since 1747 Explore Nymphenburg ICONIC DESTINATION Myth and Magic at Hotel Adlon Kempinski Berlin ICONIC DESTINATION The 15 best things to do and see in Doha, Qatar See more stories Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Sensational Suites Elevate your travel experience when you step into one of our show-stopping suites. DISCOVER MORE Suites Culinary Special Occasions Sport and Adventure For Your Wellbeing Family Kempinski Loyalty Join our global loyalty programme for more rewards, greater access, and instant recognition Instant Benefits DISCOVERY Dollars Live Local Shop Kempinski Experience the joy of Kempinski at home and share the delight with your loved ones with our collection of exclusive products and gift vouchers. Luxuriate with sumptuous duvets and linens, indulge with divine bath and body products, or opt for a gift voucher so the special people in your life can savour Kempinski for themselves. Browse Now @Kempinski Share your moments and explore Kempinski through the eyes of our guests About Us Careers Sustainability Development Residences Contact Us Press Room Best Rate Guarantee Shop Kempinski Download our App Sign up for offers, news and travel inspiration Legal Privacy Policy Imprint Sitemap © 2025 Kempinski Hotels