Kenya Education Network | Transforming  Education through ICT HOME ABOUT US Vision, Mission & Core Values Strategic Plan Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Contact Us Gallery MEMBERSHIP GOVERNANCE Governance Structure Board of Trustees Management Board Executive Director SERVICES Connectivity Services Enterprise Services Research Services KENET GPU Cluster Capacity Building Education Services Security Services Security Awareness CERT PROJECTS E-readiness Project Open Learning Projects Marsabit Project Grants Schools Connectivity Initiative Remote Teaching BLOG Executive Directors' Blog KENET Blog Four Graduates Selected for the KENET Traineeship Program JOBS COVID-19 SUPPORT LOGIN Kenya Education Network Trust (KENET), the National Research and Education Network (NREN) of Kenya is a not-for-profit membership operator incorporated to support research and education institutions. We provide cost-effective, fast and reliable Internet connectivity and related services to enhance education and research. Using ICT, we provide education technology services and research solutions to our member-institutions countrywide. KENET also provides various resources and services, including travel grants and capacity building . KENET is licensed by the Communications Authority of Kenya (CA) as the NREN of Kenya. Currently, we have connected 200+ member institutions to high-speed global Internet and to our exclusive research and education network. LATEST FROM KENET Bridging Tech and Agriculture: KENET-Backed Project Aims for Rapid Pesticide Screening In 2022, Dr. Ian Kaniu a Senior Lecturer at University of Nairobi was awarded the Research and Innovation Grant by KENET in the Special Interest Group (SIG) for Computational Modelling and Materials Science (CMMS). The purpose of the grant was to lead the efforts in developing an on-site detection method for chlorothalonil in fresh vegetable /farm produce. Kilifi Teaching and Referral Hospital’s Digital Transformation Journey with KENET's BOLT Project In Kenya, the digital divide remains significant, with approximately 25% of the population lacking access to the internet as of 2022.  According to the UNESCO Report on Digital Connectivity in Education only 38% of schools in Kenya are connected to the internet. This highlights the disparities in educational resources and opportunities. Harnessing Innovation for a Greener Future: How Dr. Pembere and Team are Advancing CO₂ Capture. In the face of escalating global warming driven by rising Carbon Dioxide (CO2) emissions, a team of researchers led by Dr. Anthony Pembere at Jaramogi Oginga Odinga University of Science and Technology (JOOUST) is pioneering innovative solutions to tackle this pressing environmental challenge. Their groundbreaking project, Theory-Guided Engineering of Zeolite-Templated Carbons for Enhanced Selective CO 2 Capture for Fuel Applications , leverages molecular dynamics, machine learning, and experimental synthesis to develop advanced materials capable of capturing CO 2 and converting it into usable fuel... Read More Africa Nazarene University's Journey with KENET's Digital Campus Infrastructure The growing demand for modern teaching, learning, and research in educational institutions has necessitated significant infrastructural upgrades. In response, Africa Nazarene University (ANU) has embarked on a transformative initiative to enhance its digital campus infrastructure through a partnership with KENET's Digital Campus Infrastructure (DCI) initiative. This collaboration aims to address persistent challenges related to internet accessibility and reliability across the campus, thereby transforming Learning, Research and Working environments using technology Call for Proposals: Research and Innovation Grants in Computer Science and Information Systems 2024/2025 KENET has as one of its mandates, the role of catalyzing collaboration in research and education among member universities and research institutions. KENET promotes collaboration through facilitation of Special Interest Groups (SIGs) in priority academic areas, discovery of active researchers/faculty, provision of research and innovation grants to researchers and member institutions, as well as travel grants for faculty and/or graduate students in SIG areas. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … Next › Last » more DOWNLOADS 17th Annual Heads of Institutions Forum Five Things You Should Know about Low-Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite Internet services Understanding and Measuring Digital Inclusion KENET's Connectivity Package for Tertiary Colleges KENET Impact Report 2023 \ Institution Data Protection Template E-Brochure of services KENET as the NREN of Kenya World Bank - Connecting HEIs Reports Facebook Twitter Contact E-Mail KENET PORTALS Annual Core Data E-Readiness Survey Membership Application Travel Grant Application Special Interest Group Schools Connectivity Initiative Domain Registration KENET CERT KENET Identity Federation KENET PARTNERS EDUCAUSE Internet 2 Ubuntunet Alliance Network Startup Resource Center ICT Authority (ICTA) German National Research and Education Network KENET MEMBERSHIP Public Universities Private Universities University Colleges Tertiary Colleges Research Institutions Government Institutions Affiliate Institutions Teaching Hospitals and Medical Colleges KENET Services Connectivity Services Enterprise Services Research Services Capacity Building Services Education Technology Services Security Services Copyright © 2025, Kenya Education Network .