Kenect: AI for Dealerships | Chat, Text, Voice & More Products PRODUCTS Service AI Messaging Reviews Payments Content Library Social Media Publishing Integrations Mobile Text Messaging 1-to-1 texting with customers. WebChat Site visitors text you instantly. Broadcast messaging Text up to 1,000 people at once. Video Chat Video call in your text thread. Reputation Management Suite End-to-end online reputation. Mass Reviews and Review  Automation DMS triggers request reviews. Private Feedback Keep bad reviews off Google. Review Responses Write responses in Kenect. Reviews Carousel Show Off Your Best Reviews Text to Pay Collect payments via text. Pay Over Time Payment plans via text. Voice AI AI receptionist answering every call Engage AI AI outreach plus responses via text and email Video Multi Point Inspection AI Increase transparency and trust Content Library Create branded ads and posts. Social Media Publishing Calendar, plan and publish. SERVICES Managed Reputation Let us reply to and dispute your reviews. Managed Publishing Kenect experts publish on social media for you. Managed Conversations Kenect experts respond to leads for you. Solutions BY INDUSTRY Automotive Reputation management. Outdoor Power Stop playing phone tag. Text. Equipment Texting, payments, reputation. RV Streamline service and sales. Powersports Used by the best dealers. Marine Trusted by OEMs and dealers. BY OUTCOME Generate Google Reviews 3x reviews in just 90 days. Text Your Customers Text from your business phone number. Improve Your Google Ranking Get better reviews and more of them. Send Mass Texts Text large groups in your DMS or CRM at once. Eliminate Negative Reviews Keep bad reviews off Google. Integrate with Your DMS Dozens of custom built DMS or CRM integrations. Improve CSI Scores Increase CSI scores by more than 30%. Integrations Company Partners Partner Program OEMs, integrators and referral relationships. Become a Partner Jump on board with Kenect. Help your dealers. Company About Us What we do. And how we do it. Careers Help us help dealers. Build your career. Our Culture Kenect is a unique place to work. Contact Us Reach out. We'd love to talk. RESOURCES Blog Constantly updated insights and data. Reviews What customers love about Kenect. Case Studies See how dealers like you use Kenect. Customer Webinars Detailed product training for our customers. Guides Best practices, how-to guides, and research. Educational Webinars Weekly expert webinars to help dealers. Support Sign in Request a Demo The AI revenue engine for dealers. AI for dealerships. Conversations that drive revenue. Bring all your communications and data into one AI-powered platform where you can automate your systems for driving sales, improving your reputation, texting customers, and filling your service lanes. Get a Demo Powering Your Service and Sales Departments Kenect offers a simple, all-in-one solution to text customers, schedule appointments, collect payments, generate leads, gather reviews, and manage your online reputation in real time—powered by AI for dealerships and fully integrated with your DMS and CRM. Transform Your Online Reputation Triple reviews with Kenect in your first 90 days. Respond to reviews in real-time, manage reviews and stop bad reviews before they start. “A review comes in and the Kenect team looks it over and responds according to the review. It’s great for getting an issue solved before it becomes a bigger problem.” Jason Bell Owner and CEO, Chemo RV Get More Leads Install a ‘Text Us’ button and see increases of 260%+ from your website. And you can instantly communicate with these leads. "We really like Kenect’s website tool. People can easily text us questions while checking our site. It helps us get more business because it's faster than email, and we can reply to customers quickly." Dakota Mize Manager, Longview Lawn and Garden Increase Revenue The average Kenect customer increases revenue 6% in the first 12 months. That’s no joke. "We love Kenect payments so much that we require customers to do deposits through Kenect even at shows. Once you explain to the customer how secure it is, pretty much every customer is willing to do it!" Vinny Binsfeld Sales Manager, Pleasureland RV Center Streamline Your Service Department Intelligently route messages to the right person. Text someone when their car or boat is ready. Stop the phone tag. "Before Kenect, each account manager had a company phone, which was expensive. Now, each employee just uses the app to text customers which significantly cut costs and made us more organized." Jacob Witherspoon Marketing Director, Carizma Motors Proven Results for Dealerships 260 %+ increase in qualified leads generated from your website 3 x online reviews in the first 90 days of using Kenect 98 % of text messages are read by customers and prospects 2.5 hrs saved per employee per day using Kenect Kenect Industries Automotive Equipment Powersports RV Marine Outdoor Power Automotive Equipment Powersports RV Marine Outdoor power Automotive Reputation Management Generate 5-star reviews, manage and respond to those reviews, and even avoid the bad ones. The most robust online reputation platform on the market. Review Gathering Triple the number of reviews you get right now. Automate review requests based on DMS or CRM triggers, send mass review requests - see reviews grow. Private Feedback Review negative feedback before it affects your CSI scores or online reputation. Revolutionary technology that will change your customer experience instantly. Improved CSI Scores When using Kenect Private Feedback, you will know if someone is happy with their experience BEFORE the CSI survey arrives. Step in, solve the problem. Managed Disputes Stop wasting hundreds of hours dealing with Google or other review sites.  Our team of experts can typically get 55% of negative reviews removed.  No joke. Social Media Publishing Create branded content and schedule posts that align with OEM guidelines instantly. Schedule and automate. We can even do it for you. Equipment Text Messaging Text customers using your main business phone number. Stop the phone tag. Manage all conversations from a single inbox with ease. Streamline Service Your service and parts departments get bogged down during the busy season. Instead of calling busy ranchers or construction companies and leaving voicemails, text them and let them text you. Text-to-Pay Get paid faster and provide a seamless payment experience. Customers can pay you via text for everything from a part, to a service call, and even sales deposits all from their mobile device. Managed Disputes Stop wasting hundreds of hours dealing with Google. Our team of experts can get 55% of negative reviews removed by Google. No joke. Review Gathering Triple the number of reviews you get right now. Automate review requests based on DMS or CRM triggers, send mass review requests - see reviews grow. Broadcast Messaging Create and send text messages to hundreds of customers at a time. Automate and personalize messages to save you time and get a 98% open rate. Powersports Sell More with Texting Text customers from your main number. Your team can send photos, videos, PDFs, attachments, and even negotiate via text. Never lose track of a customer again. Reputation Management Generate 5-star reviews, manage and respond to those reviews, and even avoid the bad ones. The most robust online reputation platform on the market. Broadcast Messaging Create and send text messages to hundreds of customers at a time. Automate and personalize messages to save you time and get a 98% open rate. Payments Collect payments via text. This will transform your service department and make transactions faster, cheaper and more secure. Customers love it. Streamline Service with Texting Text customers using your main business phone number. Stop the phone tag. Manage conversations from a single inbox with ease. Integrate with Your DMS Kenect integrates with the tools you use everyday. Whether it’s a DMS like Lightspeed or IDS, or tools like DP360 or CDK elead. We integrate with everything. Outdoor Power Broadcast Messaging Create and send text messages to hundreds of customers at a time. Automate and personalize messages to save you time and get a 98% open rate. Update Customers via Text Text customers using your main business phone number. Stop the phone tag. Text when a lawnmower is ready, when they need to pick something up, or for permission to do more. Text-to-Pay Collect payments via text. This will transform your service department and make transactions faster, cheaper and more secure. Customers love it. Text During Busy Season Text customers from your main number. You can send photos, videos, PDFs, attachments and even negotiate via text. Pay-Over-Time Paying over text is awesome, but some customers want to pay in installments. Hundreds of dealers use Kenect to do this. You get paid right away. Reputation Management Generate 5-star reviews, manage and respond to those reviews, and even avoid the bad ones. The most robust online reputation platform on the market. Marine WebChat With "Text Us" all over your website, expect to generate more qualified leads than ever before - all intelligently routed to the right person or team within your dealership in a matter of seconds. Pay-Over-Time Paying over text is awesome, but some customers want to pay in installments. Hundreds of dealers use Kenect to do this. You get paid right away. Review Gathering Triple the number of reviews you get right now. Automate review requests based on DMS or CRM triggers, send mass review requests - see reviews grow. Update Customers via Text Text customers using your main business phone number. Stop the phone tag. Text when a boat or a part is ready for pickup or permission to do more. Broadcast Messaging Create and send text messages to up to 1000 people at a time. Automate and personalize messages to save you time and get a 98% open rate. Texting in Service and Parts Text customers from your desktop, latop or mobile phone.  Text when a warranty recall is needed or when scheduled maintenance is due.  Put an end to voicemail. RV Texting in Service and Parts Text customers from your desktop, latop or mobile device.  Text when a warranty recall is needed or when scheduled maintenance is due.  Put an end to voicemail. Integrate with Your DMS Kenect integrates with the tools you use everyday. Whether it’s a DMS like Lightspeed or IDS, or tools like DP360 or CDK elead. We integrate with everything. Broadcast Messaging Create and send text messages to hundeds of customers at a time. Automate and personalize messages to save you time and get a 98% open rate. Reputation Management Generate 5-star reviews, manage and respond to those reviews, and even avoid the bad ones. The most robust online reputation platform on the market. Pay-Over-Time Paying over text is awesome, but some customers want to pay in installments. Hundreds of dealers use Kenect to do this. You get paid right away. Text-to-Pay Collect payments via text. This will transform your service department and make transactions faster, cheaper and more secure. Customers love it. Boost Your Online Reputation Dealers see reviews increase by 2x-3x in the first few months using Kenect. And Kenect will fight to get your negative reviews removed. “Kenect has gotten us 290+ 5-star reviews in just the last 14 months. Kenect has transformed how we communicate.” Tim Mullen Online Sales Manager, West Central Equipment Read More Cut Costs and Save Time Employees are able to communicate with customers instantly via text instead of playing phone tag for hours… or days. “Each employee just uses the Kenect app to text customers which has significantly cut costs and saves us hours per day.” Jacob Witherspoon Marketing Director, Carizma Motors Read More Generate Leads and Enhance Communication 90% of customers say they prefer text to any other communication method. We can prove it.  With Kenect WebChat on your website, the leads will pour in. “We are saving 2-3 hours per employee per day and we received 150 leads in the first month. Kenect is the BEST tool to improve communication.” Kevin Hoffpauir VP of Sales, PPL Motorhomes Read More Deeply Integrated with the Tools Dealerships Use Kenect is integrated with more than 100 platforms and systems that dealerships use everyday. From your DMS to your lead management system; from your payment tools to your OEM portal. Request a Demo “I recommend all dealerships use Kenect. If you’re not reaching out to your customers with texting, you’re missing the boat. We have all the departments in our dealership running on Kenect. Customers want you to text them.” Ryan Markel Sales Manager, Snow’s Polaris Case Studies See More Case Studies Snow's Polaris Snow’s Polaris is a Top 30 volume Polaris dealer in the US. They use Kenect to generate reviews (146% more in the first 12 months), generate leads (763 leads in 12 months), text customers, and collect payments via text. Read more North Knox Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram North Knox CDJR is the largest dealer in East Tennessee. They are using webchat to send pictures and videos to customers to update them on the progress in their service department. Read more AI for Dealerships: The Most Powerful Reputation Management Platform Kenect is powered by Integrations, partnered with OEMs, and supercharged by AI. See how much it will impact your dealership today. Text us at 888-972-7422 or Request a Demo Solutions BY INDUSTRY Automotive Outdoor Power Equipment RV Powersports Marine BY OUTCOME Generate Google Reviews Improve Your Google Ranking Eliminate Negative Reviews Improve CSI Scores Text Your Customers Send Mass Texts Integrate with Your DMS Products Products Messaging Reviews Payments Content Library Social Media Publishing Integrations Mobile SERVICES Managed Reputation Managed Publishing Managed Conversations Resources Blog Case Studies Educational Webinars Customer Webinars Reviews Guides Company About us Careers Our Culture Partners Guides Contact Us Support