Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex - Official Website Skip to main content Update browser for a secure experience It looks like you may be using a web browser version that we don't support. Make sure you're using the most recent version of your browser, or try using of these supported browsers, to get the full experience: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge. Open: 9 AM to 6 PM Buy Tickets Hotel Packages Shop Search our site Search our site Submit search query Back to home Explore Attractions All Attractions Space Shuttle Atlantis® Shuttle Launch Experience® Forever Remembered Gateway: The Deep Space Launch Complex® Spaceport KSC® Heroes and Legends U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® Behind the Gates The Gantry at LC-39 Apollo/Saturn V Center Meet an Astronaut Chat With An Astronaut Astronaut Encounter Fly With An Astronaut Behind the Gates During the Kennedy Space Center Bus Tour, go behind NASA's gates to see the past, present and future of this premier spaceport. Space Shuttle Atlantis® Discover the legacy of NASA's Space Shuttle Program. Here, get a close-up view of Atlantis, the only space shuttle displayed in flight. Your Visit Itineraries Plan Your Visit While You Are Here Buy Tickets Launches and Events Featured Events Events Calendar See A Launch Private Events Education Programs The Payload Blog Buy Tickets Open Menu Open: 9 AM to 6 PM Search our site Submit search query Explore Attractions All Attractions Space Shuttle Atlantis® Shuttle Launch Experience® Forever Remembered Back Gateway: The Deep Space Launch Complex® Spaceport KSC® Back Heroes and Legends U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® Back Behind the Gates The Gantry at LC-39 Apollo/Saturn V Center Back Meet an Astronaut Chat With An Astronaut Astronaut Encounter Fly With An Astronaut Back Back Your Visit Launches and Events Education Programs The Payload Blog Shop Hotel Packages Sign up to our newsletter For All Humanity Artemis II Four astronauts will venture around the Moon on Artemis II, the first crewed mission on NASA's path to establishing a long-term presence at the Moon for science and exploration through Artemis. The 10-day flight will help confirm systems and hardware needed for early human lunar exploration missions. Plan Your Visit Buy Tickets Buy Tickets Upcoming Events Previous item Next item View All Event Fraggle Breakfast Bash Jan 01 - 02, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Ken Cameron Jan 01, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Norm Thagard Jan 02 - 05, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Kathy Thornton Jan 06 - 08, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Julie Payette Jan 09 - 12, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Brian Duffy Jan 13 - 16, 2026 Tour Fly With An Astronaut Jan 16 - 18, 2026 After-Hours Event 2026 Space Race Jan 16, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Jan Davis Jan 17 - 20, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Bonnie Dunbar Jan 21 - 24, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Anna Fisher Jan 25 - 28, 2026 Astronaut Appearance Meet Astronaut Woody Spring Jan 29 - 31, 2026 Rocket Launch NASA Space Launch System (SLS) Artemis II NET Feb 06, 2026 Itineraries Maximize your visit to Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex! We’ve crafted itineraries to help you make the most of your half-day, one-day, or two-day exploration. Plan Your Day Now Showing! Fraggle Rock: A Space-y Adventure New to Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex is Fraggle Rock: A Space-y Adventure, an all-new, original live stage show starring Jim Henson’s Emmy® Award-winning Fraggles ! This exciting musical adventure brings Gobo, Red and Uncle Travelling Matt face-to-face with NASA’s real-life space explorers. Learn More Upcoming Launches Learn more about upcoming rocket launches and possible viewing opportunities from the visitor complex! View All Rocket Launch NASA Space Launch System (SLS) Artemis II NET Feb 2026 TripAdvisor Traveler's Choice Award Best of the Best #1 Attraction in the U.S. and #3 Attraction in the World Mad Science Tricks and International Treats October 23 2025 In episode 1.06, join your hosts as they get a taste of what’s to come at the fourth-annual Taste of Space: Celebrity Chef Edition on November 15 with two of the highly regarded chefs, Jon Ashton and Jet Tila. Read More Kennedy Space Center Official Guide Plan your trip with features such as maps, FAQ's, favorites and detailed descriptions of shows and attractions. Download from the Google Play store Download from the App store Find Out More Open: 9 AM to 6 PM Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Space Commerce Way, Merritt Island, FL 32953 1.855.433.4210 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on X Subscribe on YouTube Sign up to our newsletter Park Info Hours of Operation Directions Security Accessibility Official Apps Lost and Found Inclement Weather Warnings Visit Us Buy Admission Tickets Buy Annual Passes Enhance Your Visit Hotel Packages Corporate Events Weddings and Social Events Itineraries Things To Do Visitor Complex Map Explore Attractions Dining Shopping Education Programs About KSC About Frequently Asked Questions Media Room Partners NASA.gov Greenpath's Environmental Focus Careers Contact Us Get in Touch Park Info Hours of Operation Directions Security Accessibility Official Apps Lost and Found Inclement Weather Warnings Visit Us Buy Admission Tickets Buy Annual Passes Enhance Your Visit Hotel Packages Corporate Events Weddings and Social Events Itineraries Things To Do Visitor Complex Map Explore Attractions Dining Shopping Education Programs About KSC About Frequently Asked Questions Media Room Partners NASA.gov Greenpath's Environmental Focus Careers Contact Us Get in Touch Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use Website Accessibility Corporate Structure About Delaware North Press Center Sitemap Cookie Preferences Part of Delaware North Group Delaware North logo © 2025 DNC Parks & Resorts. All Rights Reserved. Green Path: Sustainability Efforts © 2025 DNC Parks & Resorts. All Rights Reserved.