Trackballs, locks, docking stations & ergonomic keyboards | Kensington Thunderbolt™ 5 Docking Station Seamless multi-monitor setups, 80Gbps transfers, 120Gbps bandwidth boost, and 140W power delivery. Shop Now Accessibility Statement Opens a new window Skip to Content Skip to footer Change Location Close Shop angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Shop Device Security angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Device Security Keyed Locks Combination Locks Desktop Locking Solutions Lock Anchor Points & Accessories Surface  Locks Laptop Locking Stations Travel & Portable Locks Input Devices angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Input Devices Trackballs Mice Keyboards Wireless Presentation Remotes Power angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Power Laptop Power Chargers Surge Protection and Power Strips Charging Cables Data Protection angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Data Protection Device Security Fingerprint & Security Keys Smart Card Readers Shredders Privacy Screens USB Port Locks Laptop Bags and Cases angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Laptop Bags and Cases Laptop Backpacks Briefcases and Totes Rollers Sleeves Rugged Tablet Cases Docking and Connectivity angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Docking and Connectivity Universal Laptop Docking Stations Surface Docking Stations USB Hubs and Adapters Video Cables and Adapters Cabinets and Stands angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Cabinets and Stands Charge and Sync Cabinets Tablet POS Stands and Enclosures Windfall Stands and Frames for Tablets Professional Video Conferencing angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Professional Video Conferencing Webcams Lighting and Mounting Accessories Professional Headsets and Accessories Classic Headsets and Headphones Workplace Ergonomics & Wellness angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Workplace Ergonomics & Wellness Standing Desk Solutions Foot and Back Rests Seat Cushions Laptop Risers and Monitor Stands Monitor Arms Mouse Pads and Wrist Rests Copyholders Keyboard Drawers Ergonomic Input Devices Closeout Exclusives Business Solutions angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Business Solutions New angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. New Introducing Kensington EQ Partner Resources angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Partner Resources Resellers - Request a Bid Become a Reseller Ambassador Program Security angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Security Physical Security Data Protection Privacy Screen Filters Fingerprint & Security Keys Shredders Industries angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Industries Education Healthcare Federal Government Technology Solutions Small and Medium Businesses State, Local and Education Accessories angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Accessories Docking Stations Workplace Ergonomics Trackballs Video Conferencing Webcams Headsets Mechanical Keyboard Devices and Technology angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Devices and Technology Microsoft Surface Apple Thunderbolt DisplayLink® Eyesafe® Resources angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Resources Learning Center angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Learning Center Blog Case Studies Press Center MIL-STD Tested Biometric Authentication & 2FA Docks for Windows Docks for Apple Product Finders angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Product Finders Docking Locking Privacy Device Catalogue Connect angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Connect YouTube LinkedIn Support angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Support Software angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Software Download Kensington Software VeriMark™ Setup Guides Contact Us angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Contact Us Bulk Orders Product Support Feedback Support Hub angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. angle-down copy 5 Created with Sketch. Support Hub Self Support Account Account Login Support United States English Change Country search-svg Close Site Search search-svg search-svg Recommended Products No recommended searches Suggestions No Suggestions Site Pages No Related Site Pages View All Site Pages Results Account Login Support Cart Added to Cart Close cart You have no items in your cart. Cart Total Cart Checkout Shape English Change Country Free Shipping on Orders $49+ Designed for Apple Docking stations, trackballs, locks, and privacy screens, built to integrate with your Apple setup. Start Exploring Start Exploring Data Protection and Security Solutions From locks to privacy screens, to authentication keys, to shredders — keep your data and devices secure. Dive In Dive In Locking Docking Privacy ﻿ Introducing Kensington EQ The Kensington EQ line represents a commitment to reducing our environmental impact without compromising on the quality and performance. Creating durable products that inspire customer confidence, Kensington’s EQ range is designed using more sustainable materials, empowering you to make more informed choices. View the EQ Series Products ﻿ VeriMark™ Fingerprint & Security Keys Biometric authentication methods have emerged as a convenient and secure alternative in the digital age, where passwords can be forgotten, stolen, or hacked. View fingerprint & security keys The Professionals' Choice From docks to locks and everything in between, we’ve got what you need. And we’re proud to be a leader in desktop and mobile device accessories, trusted by organizations around the world for more than 40 years. Featured Categories Device Security Keyed Locks Universal Laptop Docking Station Trackball Products Privacy Screens Wireless & Ergonomic Keyboards Fingerprint & Security Keys The Professionals' Choice Explore Docking Stations Fingerprint & Security Keys Headsets Mechanical Keyboard Product Finder Security Trackballs Video Conferencing Support & Software Product Software Help Center Product Warranty Recycling Shipping Policy Shopping Account Login Return, Refunds and Exchanges Kensington About Ambassador Program Become a Reseller Opens a new window Blog Contact Us Press Center ACCO Brands ACCO Brands Story Opens a new window Brands Opens a new window Careers Opens a new window Investors Opens a new window Values Opens a new window Join Our Tech Community Stay wired in with the latest tech news and discounts. Submit Welcome aboard! Your inbox just got a tech upgrade. Your data is safe with us, see our Privacy Notice here . Icon/Social/Facebook Opens a new window Follow us on Instagram Opens a new window YouTube Opens a new window Icon/Social/LinkedIn Opens a new window United States Privacy Notice Opens a new window Terms of Use Cookie Notice Accessibility Statement Opens a new window Manage My Data Opens a new window Your Privacy Choices ©2025 Kensington Computer Products Group, a division of ACCO Brands. All Rights Reserved. All logos, trademarks and brands are property of their respective owners. Opens a new window