Kenya's Best Web Hosting Services at 20x Speeds | hosting.com ken ken mex nga uk us +254722209414 hosting.com Buy a domain Shared Hosting SSL Certificates WordPress Email Servers About Open main menu Search Search Free / 1 st year 2-year purchase required Free / 1 st year 2-year purchase required Free / 1 st year 2-year purchase required Trustpilot Get ready to launch yourself on hosting.com Join thousands of Kenyan businesses already using our hosting services—everything you need to build a fast, reliable website that serves Kenyan customers perfectly. See our plans Shared hosting Starting at KES 200 Find out more Hosting for WP Starting at KES 240 Find out more Managed VPS Starting at KES 4,900 Find out more Email hosting Starting at KES 315 Find out more Website hosting built for Kenyan success Whether you need a simple blog, want to showcase your SME, sell products through an online shop, or need an enterprise-level powerhouse for your NGO or business application, we have a hosting service for you. More businesses and organisations across Kenya are switching to hosting.com to take advantage of our ultra-fast hosting and support that understands local needs at competitive prices. Shared Web Hosting The most popular hosting available, our plans offer exceptional website performance and features at price points that work for Kenyan businesses. Find out more Hosting for WordPress Optimised for performance and security, perfect for Kenyan bloggers, businesses, and organisations. Includes our exclusive control panel for maximum speed. Find out more Email Hosting Professional email domains build instant credibility. Show customers you're a serious Kenyan business with custom email addresses. Find out more VPS Hosting Ready to scale? Get dedicated resources for your growing Kenyan startup or established business - all at competitive prices. Find out more 3 million websites hosted 1 website added every 15 seconds 700,000+ valued customers Everything your WordPress site needs for success Whether you're building a blog or launching an online shop for customers across Kenya, we've equipped our WordPress hosting with everything you need. Out-Of-The-Box Optimised WordPress: We pre-configure our WordPress installs with the best speed and security settings with our hosting.com optimised plugin. WooCommerce for WordPress: Easily create an online eCommerce store with just a few clicks by adding the WooCommerce plugin to your site. Need for Speed: Our Managed WordPress plans are backed with our Turbo line that offer some serious speed. Find out more Experience the hosting.com difference Up to 20X faster turbo Better rankings on Google Kenya, lower bounce rates, and more conversions - especially for mobile visitors! Guru crew support Our support team understands Kenyan businesses. Available 24/7/365 with real help, not scripts! Free account migration Moving from another host? We'll transfer everything for free - whether from local or international providers! Money-back guarantee Try our hosting risk-free. Perfect for testing with your audience! 99.9% uptime commitment Your site stays live when customers need it - reliable servers that handle Kenya's peak traffic times! What our customers have to say I love hosting.com Best internet support I have had since 1993 when internet first went public, I have been through several hosts with my media company and school and hosting.com support staff are knowledgeable, thorough, pleasant and treat clients with respect and understanding. I can't say enough. Keep up the great work. Thank you for saving my domains and email from hackers. Hosting.com as an alternative to Hostgator I had tons of troubles with Hostgator and decided to move 6 months earlier. Hosting.com (previously A2 Hosting) was a price match but I was also looking for cPanel and cPanel migration and a few other features. I am super happy with the speed of my websites and support desk seem to be A class. Hostgator was good only at the beginning, in the past two years everything has gone south bit by bit. I can provide screenshots of the mistakes and answers from Hostgator customer support for what I say here This is my second Reseller program This is my second Reseller program, along with maintaining a few individual sites for friends, and I'm again glad I've gone with hosting.com (formerly A2). I've had a few hiccups on my end but the important thing, your people have been incredibly helpful. Timely and helpful communication. Issues can always pop-up of course, but it's how well people work to resolve them that matters to me. Questions? We’re here to help. Our hosting.com Tech Team is available 24/7 to help you understand which plan will work for your unique needs! Get in touch Footer Hosting Hosting WordPress Hosting Email Hosting Managed VPS Hosting Solutions .co.ke Domains .com Domains .ke Domains SSL Certificates Support Customer Login Create New Account Open Support Ticket Service Status Company About Knowledge Base hosting.com Support [email protected] Call us on +254722209414 Including Trustpilot Facebook LinkedIn Instagram TikTok © 2025 hosting.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Manager |