SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Kenyon College Home
MENU
Kenyon

“I met people that I can have fun with, but also sit down and study for three hours with. Finding that kind of community was game-changing.”

Ellie Manning '26, a molecular biology major from Indiana, on finding a true sense of belonging at Kenyon

EXPLORE KENYON
Visit
Admissions
Careers & Outcomes
You are more than one thing. So are we.

Whether you’re a writer who codes, an athlete who makes music, a scientist with a start-up idea — if you’re any or all of these, or something else entirely — you’ll be in good company at Kenyon.

EXPLORE KENYON
In Brief
In Numbers
In Pictures
In Our Own Words
In the World
On a Tour
Here, you’ll approach problems from multiple angles, crossing disciplines to make connections that prepare you for a complex and changing world.

Academic life at Kenyon is about reaching across departments and majors. The answers, or the next big questions, are often found in the intersections.

EXPLORE ACADEMICS

“
It doesn’t matter what career path you’re on. At some point, you have to convert the thoughts and ideas in your head to words on a page or whatever your medium is so that others can understand you. ”

Hewlet McFarlane
Professor of Neuroscience

95%
of Kenyon students who apply to graduate school attend one of their top three choices.

Kenyon in Numbers

You’ll learn more than just the how of your chosen disciplines — you’ll dig deep into the why, so that you can confidently apply your insights to the work and causes you care about.

KENYON IN THE WORLD
Translate your passion into purpose.

With the support of faculty members and career advisors who are deeply invested in your success, you’ll chart a course through Kenyon and into the world that is distinctly your own.

93%
of 2024 graduates were employed, continuing their education or committed to other plans within six months.

See where our grads go.

Build on your insights.

Kenyon students regularly take advantage of a wide array of career-building activities like interning, job shadowing and networking.

$800K
in annual funding supports summer research and internships for Kenyon students.

Dig into research.

Explore careers in your backyard.

Columbus, one of the nation's fastest growing cities, is right on our doorstep, with opportunities to explore in tech, finance, healthcare and civic life.

How Kenyon Shapes Future Professionals
Kenyon Tops Med-School Acceptance Rate

Kenyon students pursuing professions in medicine and healthcare are served by a multitude of experiential learning opportunities.

Kenyon’s Exclusive Internship Programs

Professional development opportunities offered exclusively to Kenyon students provide the perfect path to future career success.

Students Design Solar Panel System, Gain Industry Edge

Designed as part of an environmental studies class project, the photovoltaic power generation system on top of Gund Commons became operational this month.

Government Internships & Real World Wins

Students who landed impressive internships over the summer can confirm that there’s no substitute for gaining real-world experience in helping to plot out a career.

EXPLORE MORE STORIES
Sit in on classes, meet students and tour campus tailored to your interests.
Register for a Junior Visit Day
Kenyon
Address
Gambier, Ohio 43022, USA
Phone
740-427-5000
Connect
Navigation
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
tiktok
Visiting Kenyon
Navigation
Directions
Campus Map
Kenyon Commits To
Navigation
Mission & Values
Accessibility
Non-Discrimination
Privacy
Kenyon Affiliates
Brown Family Environmental Center
The Gund
Kenyon Review
Philander Chase Conservancy
Footer Navigation
Employment
Bookstore
Emergency
Title IX
Policies
Make a Gift

© Copyright 2025