KetoGo | lose weight My App Take the quiz My App App About Keto diet About us Kickstart your weight loss with the keto diet Discover the power of ketosis for effective and sustainable results with one app Get started You've lost 11.2 lbs! 🤩 Single app to launch and guide you through your keto weight loss journey Keto diet may seem as a complicated and restrictive diet to try out on your own. With KetoGo app you will have all the guidance and support you'll need. All the features and certified nutritionist support for quick results Get over 500+ healthy and delicious recipes based on your dietary restrictions and preferences Organise and plan your grocery list with an easy-to-use shopping list feature Track your weight loss progress and improve daily with built-in analytics Discover tips and tricks to stay motivated and make your journey more effective Chat with a certified nutrition consultant dedicated to supporting you Effects of keto diet Discover the many benefits of this diet and improve your health, energy and mood Promotes rapid weight loss where body burns fat for fuel instead of carbohydrates (ketosis) Enhanced mental clarity thanks to ketones which provide efficient fuel for the brain Positive effects on heart health markers, such as reducing levels of bad cholesterol, triglycerides, and blood pressure Increased good cholesterol which is considered beneficial for heart health More consistent, improved and sustained energy supply while in ketosis gut icon Help you feel fuller for longer, potentially leading to decreased calorie intake and reduced appetite Help you feel fuller for longer, potentially leading to decreased calorie intake and reduced appetite Keto diet is being explored for its potential therapeutic effects in various conditions, including epilepsy, PCOS and Alzheimer's disease. Ketosis is what makes this diet an amazing fat burner The food and nutrients you intake with keto diet, if done correctly, unlocks ketosis in your body which drastically improves fat burn and improves your mental capabilities Carbohydrate intake decreases via keto dieting Blood glucose and insulin lowers Stored and consumed fat burning increases Ketones travel to the brain for energy Ketones get released in the blood stream Liver breaks down fat and turns it into ketones Don’t postpone starting a healthier lifestyle We know it’s hard to start new habits and embrace the challenge. Start today with one easy step and get ahead now! Complete our short quiz and find out what’s the best keto weight loss plan for you. Take our diet quiz now About us KetoGo is striving to ensure the fastest and safest weight loss that is individually tailored to each of our customers. We believe that a healthy lifestyle should not be a luxury and work everyday to make the tools needed for a happy and healthy life accessible to everyone. Elina B. Certified nutritionist Anna A. Certified nutritionist Our individually catered weight loss plans are carefully created and fully patented The weight loss plans are prepared by consulting certified nutritionists and trainers KetoGo is a medical institution registered in the European Union 93% of our customers have recommended us to their friends KetoGo success stories Join 300K+ people who lost weight and gained healthy habits with the help of our plan Before 146 lbs After 120 lbs Andrea K. Orlando, FL Lost 26lbs “ The hardest part was to start. But once you get going and provide the meals recommended in the app, you can see the results and that truly gets you going. Once I lost my 26 lbs I felt so great and got excited to buy new clothes because old ones didn't fit anymore! ” Before 203 lbs After 150 lbs Victor H Austin, TX Lost 53lbs “ This diet worked out for my wife so well that I decided to give it a shot. It was hard at first, but I didn’t give up and stuck to it. You’ll see weight starts shedding automatically once you stop having your guts constantly full. I went from 203 to 150 lbs! ” Before 196 lbs After 145 lbs B. Dorn Houston, TX Lost 51lbs “ It was very easy to follow the fitness plan. I would say that there's nothing to add to it. It was great that I was able to ask questions to specialists and receive consultation or even just get some motivation. My favourite thing about the app were the recipes. By eating the meals recommended I immediately noticed that I felt better and the weight started to drop ” KetoGo methods were covered in: Easily drop excess weight with KetoGo Starting the journey is a huge step but staying on track is the hardest part. With KetoGo app you will have all the things necessary to make sure you do. Stay on track with your own personal assistant Get daily guidance that’s great for beginners and pros Daily meal recipes to choose from Track your progress and enjoy the results every week Elina B. Lead Certified Nutritionist at KetoGo Remember, small daily actions can lead to significant changes over time. You've got this! We are ready to boost your health improvement and weight loss journey Get started Navigation App About KetoGo diet About us Get started Quick Links Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Get started Follow Facebook Twitter TikTok © 2025 All rights reserved by KetoGo