Enable accessibility

귀하의 위치와 관련된 콘텐츠를 보려면 국가 또는 지역을 선택하십시오.

 Korea  
Contact Us
Products
Solutions
Learn
Buy
Support
Get Quote
Stream 120 MHz I/Q Data to Your Laptop in the Field

Pinpoint interference with post-processing spectrum management software in the lab.

Meet the New FieldFox
Validate Faster with Automated Multi-kW Testing

Emulate full-scale satellite and network power conditions before deployment.

Watch the Webinar
Now You Can Run Fast, Accurate Tests up to 192 kW

Our New High-Density ATE Power Supplies End Trade-Offs Between Test Throughput and Precision

See What's New

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3

Design, Emulation, and Test Solutions to Connect and Secure the World


Oscilloscopes

Spectrum analyzers

Signal generators

Network emulators

All software

DC power supplies

Network analyzers

Digital multimeters

See Our Latest New Products

Keysight FieldFox Handheld Analyzers


Stream 120 MHz I/Q data to your laptop in the field. 

Learn More
High-Power ATE System Supplies


Validate complex multi-kilowatt devices faster in less space with no compromises on performance.

Discover Power Without Compromise
PNA-X Pro


Cut RF test complexity and increase performance with our most integrated network analyzer.


Learn More
Smart Bench Essentials Plus


Advance your basic test bench with proven pro-level measurement technologies.

Explore the Products
Optically Isolated Differential Probe


Perform high-side measurements safely and accurately with isolation you can trust.


Explore Probe
Keysight AI (KAI) Data Center Builder


Emulate every part of your data center infrastructure using real-world AI workloads.


Learn More

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Slide 6

Let Our Service Be Your Strategic Advantage

Empower your engineers to innovate boldly with strategic services across
the life cycle.


View Services
Automate Intelligence with Insights Across Your Workflow
View All Software

EDA software

Instrument software

Software testing

Find Your Solution
 

Test EV charging conformance

Emulate EV charging infrastructure to verify standard conformance.

See Test Setup
Find Your Solution
 

Characterize 6G components

Perform S-parameter and wideband modulated measurements.


See Test Setup
Find Your Solution
 

Measure RF phase noise

Optimize RF transmissions with direct spectrum measurement.


See Test Setup

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3

Explore the Next Generation of Technology Innovation
Discover 6G insights

Explore how 6G technology is changing wireless communications.

Learn More
Learn with Keysight

Access e-learning for RF design, EDA, 5G, 6G, quantum computing, AV, EV, and test equipment.

Explore Bootcamps
Explore our events

Join us online or in person at conferences, trade shows, and webinars around the world.

View Calendar
Read Our Reviews

“Innovation in 5G technology is only possible when working side-by-side with partners like Keysight. Samsung has been at the forefront of 5G modem technology and with Keysight's emulators and test platforms, we are able to quickly develop and evaluate 5G NTN connections using our Exynos Modem development platform.”

Huiwon Je
Vice President, Modem Development Team
Samsung Electronics

Read Our Reviews

"We are delighted to have Keysight join the Intel Foundry Services EDA Alliance, enabling a range of RF simulation, design, and test capabilities from which IFS customers will benefit."


Rahul Goyal
Vice President, Product and Design Ecosystem Enablement
Intel

Read Our Reviews

“Our customers rely on our security solutions to protect them against threats. Keysight’s advanced test, visibility, and security will be welcomed by our customers looking for additional levels of protection.”

Rob Daniels
General Manager, Portfolio Strategy and Cybersecurity
BT Security

Read Our Reviews

“We were impressed with Keysight’s ability to thoroughly simulate real-world attack and traffic volume in the lab, helping us to identify and isolate issues quickly.”

Stuart Reid
Vice President of Engineering
Corsa Technology

Read Our Reviews

“Working with Keysight enabled us to meet the market demands on early creation and support for testing of NB-IoT devices with a powerful test solution for evaluating IoT device performance, which is particularly in challenging link budget conditions.”

Klas Arvidsson
Product Manager for OTA Solutions
Bluetest AB

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5

Learn what's new at Keysight

Press Release

Keysight Joins Forces with Singapore's Quantum Leaders to Advance Capabilities in the Design and Control of Qubits

Signs a five-year Master Research Collaboration Agreement (MRCA) with Singapore’s leading quantum research institutions to advance capabilities in quantum computing

 

Press Release

Keysight Accelerates Electronic Design Productivity with Secure AI-Powered Assistants

AI Chat and Copilot virtual assistants empower faster user experience with Keysight’s Advanced Design System software

 

Press Release

Keysight Accelerates Automotive Innovation from Design to Defense at CES 2026

Showcases a comprehensive ecosystem of automotive design, development, validation, and cybersecurity solutions, demonstrating how automakers and suppliers can accelerate innovation from early design to full-scale deployment

 

Press Release

Keysight and KT SAT Achieve Industry-First Multi-Orbit NTN Handover Between GEO Satellite and Emulated LEO Link

Live multi-orbit proof-of-concept shows session continuity from a geostationary earth orbit to an emulated low Earth orbit link, validating a core 6G capability

 

Press Release

Keysight Recognized for Corporate Social Responsibility Efforts

Continued inclusion in World’s Most Sustainable Companies by Time and listed on the JUST 100 Ranking for eighth consecutive year 

 

Press Release

Keysight Introduces New Handheld Analyzer Enabling 120-MHz IQ Streaming for Gap-Free Signal Capture

High-precision, high-speed architecture delivers the visibility engineers need to navigate increasingly crowded and complex RF landscapes

 

Press Release

Keysight Technologies Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2025 Results

Robust demand and strong execution deliver above guidance results and strong order growth; Announces New $1.5 Billion Share Repurchase Program

 

Press Release

Keysight Announces New Board Member

Appoints Keith Jensen as a director, effective immediately.

 

Press Release

Keysight Introduces Scalable In-Line Flash Programming System for High-Volume Electronics Manufacturing

System scales up to 112 parallel channels to maximize throughput and reduce bottlenecks in high-volume production.

 

Press Release

Keysight Introduces Scalable, Modular, All-in-One Testing Solution to Accelerate High-Volume PCBA Manufacturing 

Compact, modular system with integrated multi-test capability and up to 20-core parallel testing for high-volume efficiency.

 

Press Release

Keysight and HEAD acoustics Achieve Successful Interoperability Test for Next Generation eCall Systems 

Collaboration demonstrates end-to-end validation of Next Generation eCall functionality across 4G and 5G networks, supporting global automotive safety standards.

 

Press Release

Keysight Named a Leader in 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for AI-Augmented Software Testing Tools

Gartner evaluates technology providers based on their vision and execution in the rapidly evolving market for AI-driven testing solutions.

 

Press Release

Keysight Recognized with 2025 TSIA STAR Award for Excellence in Omnichannel Customer Experience Optimization 

Award recognizes Keysight’s leadership in delivering a unified, AI-driven customer support experience that accelerates customer success and satisfaction

 

 

More news
Celebrating A Decade of Innovation

At Keysight, we empower innovators to explore, design, and bring world-changing technologies to life. Our software-centric solutions serve across the design and development environment, enabling you to deliver tomorrow’s breakthroughs at speed and with reduced risk.

Push the boundaries of engineering by quickly solving design, network emulation, and test challenges to create the best product experiences. Improve your design and development process, optimize your network, and harness AI and digital twins to develop new solutions around 5G and 6G, EV and AV, IoT, and quantum computing. With Keysight at your side, forge ahead with confidence knowing your innovations will perform brilliantly in our connected and dynamic world.


Play Video
Work with Us

Keysight is always looking for people who share a passion for technology and innovation to join our team. At Keysight, you’ll work with the foremost experts in test and measurement science from around the world in a culture that embraces a bold vision of where technology can take us and a passion for tackling challenging problems with industry-first solutions.

Search Jobs

EXPLORE

Products and Services
Use Cases
Solutions
Keysight Learn
Used Equipment
Partners

SUPPORT

Product Support
Manage Software Licenses
Product Order Status
Parts

ABOUT

Newsroom
Investor Relations
Quality and Security
Corporate Social Responsibility
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Careers

FOLLOW US

© Keysight Technologies 2000–2025
 Privacy
 Sitemap
 Terms
 Trademark Acknowledgements
 Feedback
 Accessibility Statement
United States