Skip to main content

The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news.

Subscribe
Follow Us
Conference Centers
Donate
Search
Topics
Policy Research
Polling
Health News
Data & Features
For Media
About
Drew Altman: Health Policy in 2026

In a new Beyond the Data column, President and CEO Dr. Drew Altman forecasts eight things to look for in health policy in 2026. “First and foremost,” he writes, “is the role health care affordability will play in the midterms.” And, he notes: “The average cost of a family policy for employers could approach $30,000 and cost sharing and deductibles will rise again after plateauing for several years.”

AFFORDABLE CARE ACT
There is No Drop-Dead Date for an ACA Tax Credit Extension, But Coverage Losses Will Mount as the Clock Ticks

A discharge petition in the House paves the way for a vote on a three-year extension of the tax credits, which would provide ACA enrollees premium relief whenever it comes. While there is still time to extend the enhanced tax credits, with each passing day, more and more ACA Marketplace enrollees are going to drop their health insurance when faced with eye-popping increases in their premium payments, writes KFF’s Larry Levitt.

ACA Marketplace Premium Payments Would More than Double on Average in 2026 if Enhanced Premium Tax Credits Expire
Estimate How Much You Would Pay in Premiums With and Without the ACA’s Enhanced Premium Tax Credits
Poll: 1 in 3 ACA Marketplace Enrollees Say They Would ‘Very Likely’ Shop for a Cheaper Plan If Their Premium Payments Doubled
KFF Health News: Sticker Shock: Obamacare Customers Confront Premium Spikes as Congress Dithers

Timely insights and analysis from KFF staff

Dec 19, 2025
Do We Want to Outsource U.S. Vaccine Policy to Denmark?
Josh Michaud

Adopting Denmark’s vaccine schedule, as HHS Secretary Kennedy’s vaccine advisors have suggested, would likely lower childhood vaccination rates in the U.S. as certain vaccines become harder to access. more

Dec 19, 2025
In Their Own Words: ACA Marketplace Enrollees Explain How Higher Premium Payments Will Affect Them
Grace Sparks

The expiration of enhanced ACA tax credits is reshaping coverage decisions for Marketplace enrollees, and in a recent KFF survey, Marketplace enrollees told us how rising premiums could affect insurance choices, affordability, and political attitudes. more

Dec 15, 2025
About Three in Ten Immigrants Already Report Avoiding Travel Due To Immigration-Related Fears
Shannon Schumacher

Our survey shows that many immigrants are already avoiding travel and other activities due immigration-related fears, which may increase following news that TSA is sharing information with ICE. more

View all Quick Takes
NEW AND NOTEWORTHY
Examining Proposals that Further Limit Youth Gender-Affirming Care

New proposed rules affecting most hospitals and separately changing Medicaid coverage would further limit youth access to gender-affirming care. This brief explains the proposals’ details and the challenges they would pose for transgender youth.

ACIP Vote Drives Online Engagement About Hepatitis B Vaccine

Nearly two weeks after a CDC advisory panel voted to end the recommendation for newborn hepatitis B vaccination, conversations about vaccination schedules and parental choice remain elevated. This volume of the Monitor explores this and other recent developments in health information.

What to Know About PBMs and Federal Efforts at Regulation

This brief provides an overview of the role of Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs), discusses recent federal legislation focusing on several elements of PBM business practices, and explains the potential federal budgetary impact of this legislation.

A Look at Nursing Facility Characteristics in 2025

This data note discusses the impact of the 2025 reconciliation law on nursing facilities and examines the characteristics of nursing facilities and the people living in them with data from Nursing Home Compare, a publicly available dataset.

KFF Health News Logo
Listen to the Latest ‘KFF Health News Minute’
An Arm and a Leg: A Few More Good Things From 2025
After Outpatient Cosmetic Surgery, They Wound Up in the Hospital or Alone at a Recovery House
Medical Bills Can Be Vexing and Perplexing. Here’s This Year’s Best Advice for Patients.
More KFF Health News
Subscribe to KFF Emails

Choose which emails are best for you.
Sign up here

BROWSE THE LATEST FROM KFF
Filter
Search KFF Content
DATE RANGE
TOPIC
CONTENT TYPE
TAG
SERIES
List
Grid
Overview of President Trump’s Executive Actions Impacting LGBTQ+ Health
Dec 22, 2025
Fact Sheet

This tracker examines Executive Actions taken by the Trump administration that have the potential to impact LGBTQ+ people’s health. It lists the action taken by date, provisions relevant to LGBTQ+ health, and describes potential impact, including litigation challenging these actions.

New Trump Administration Proposals Would Further Limit Gender Affirming Care for Young People by Restricting Providers and Reducing Coverage
Dec 22, 2025
Issue Brief

This brief examines two proposed federal rules that would further restrict youth access to gender affirming care. One rule would change the hospital Conditions of Participation (CoPs) which would prohibit most Medicare and Medicaid enrolled hospitals from providing certain types of gender affirming medical care for young people and the other would prohibit federal Medicaid or CHIP funds from covering this care. The rules have a 60-day comment period, do no take immediate effect, and are expected to face litigation, if finalized.

Key Data on Health and Health Care for American Indian or Alaska Native People 
Dec 19, 2025
Report

AIAN individuals experience significant health disparities compared to their White counterparts. People who identified as AIAN alone have shorter life expectancies (70.1 vs 78.4 years at birth), higher rates of chronic diseases, and higher rates of suicide deaths and substance use disorder.

Health and Health Care for American Indian or Alaska Native People: Key Issues
Dec 19, 2025
Issue Brief

Due to a combination of lower coverage rates, additional access barriers, and historical and ongoing discrimination, AIAN people continue to face significant disparities in health and health care.

Do We Want to Outsource U.S. Vaccine Policy to Denmark?
Dec 19, 2025
Quick Take

Adopting Denmark’s vaccine schedule, as HHS Secretary Kennedy's vaccine advisors have suggested, would likely lower childhood vaccination rates in the U.S. as certain vaccines become harder to access.

In Their Own Words: ACA Marketplace Enrollees Explain How Higher Premium Payments Will Affect Them
Dec 19, 2025
Quick Take

The expiration of enhanced ACA tax credits is reshaping coverage decisions for Marketplace enrollees, and in a recent KFF survey, Marketplace enrollees told us how rising premiums could affect insurance choices, affordability, and political attitudes.

A Snapshot of Sources of Coverage Among Medicare Beneficiaries
Dec 19, 2025
Issue Brief

This analysis documents the different sources of coverage among people with Medicare and examines variation in beneficiary characteristics by source of coverage.

Status of Abortion Litigation in State Courts
Dec 18, 2025
Tracker

This State and Federal Reproductive Rights Litigation tracker aggregates information about ongoing litigation regarding abortion bans and restrictions, FDA approval of Mifepristone (an abortion pill) and other federal regulations.

Litigation Involving Reproductive Health and Rights in the Federal Courts
Dec 18, 2025
Fact Sheet

This State and Federal Reproductive Rights Litigation tracker aggregates information about ongoing litigation regarding abortion bans and restrictions, FDA approval of Mifepristone (an abortion pill) and other federal regulations.

What to Know About Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) and Federal Efforts at Regulation
Dec 18, 2025
Issue Brief

This brief provides an overview of the role of PBMs in managing pharmacy benefits, discusses recent federal legislation focusing on several elements of PBM business practices, and explains the potential federal budgetary impact of this legislation, which would have a relatively modest impact on the federal deficit, based on available CBO estimates.

1
2
3
4
5
...
896
Policy Research
Polling
Health News

About Us

Conference Centers
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Follow Us
Sign up for emails

Join our email list for regular updates based on your personal preferences.

Sign up
Privacy Policy
Citations and Reprints