KFin Technologies Limited | KFintech Solutions Mutual Fund Solutions Ensuring ease of Investors across platforms Global Business Solutions Efficient & Effective optimization of resources Corporate Registry Curating Innovative and tech driven services Private Wealth Management Perfect solution gateway for portfolio Information National Pension System Smartly segregating savings and spending Alternatives One place for End-to-End Financial management
                                                                solutions. Global Fund Solutions Serving world class services across schemes Products Investors Ensuring ease of Investors across
                                                                platforms Distributors Curating Innovative and tech driven
                                                                services Corporate Smartly segregating savings and
                                                                spending AMC/AIF/Portfolio Managers Serving world class services across
                                                                schemes View all Products Investors Distributors Corporate AMC/AIF/Portfolio Managers CORPORATE REGISTRY IPO MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM WEALTH OPS MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS WEALTH OPS CORPORATE REGISTRY GLOBAL BUSINESS SOLUTIONS IPO IPO & CORPORATE REGISTRY MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM GFS MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS WEALTH OPS About Us About KFintech Experience the why of KFintech's existence. KFintech Story Explore our brand identity & download brand kit. ESG Our environmental, social, and governance initiatives. CSR Our corporate social responsibility initiatives. News Read news about KFintech's impact on the industry. Clients Speak Hear from our clients on their partnership with us. Portfolio Companies WebileApps Accelerating digital transformation and solutions for
                                                                businesses. Hexagram Fund accounting and fund administration services. Ascent Customized fund accounting solutions for unique financial needs. Careers Blogs Shareholder
                                    Relations Contact Us Visit Malaysia Stay on
                                        Global Open Demat Account To Open DEMAT ACCOUNT in less than 5mins Click Here Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Trust Leadership is an achievement of Trust. For us, it's in our culture. KFintech is the partner of choice for over 4000 clients across the
                            globe with
                            near 100% retention. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Thought Leadership Thought leadership is not about being known. For us, it’s about being known for making a
                                difference. KFintech is the industry leader in rolling out several industry-first
                            platforms and
                            features for all asset classes. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Technology It is not that we use technology. For us, technology is the way of life. KFintech blends decades of asset management expertise with transformative
                            platforming
                            & big data solutioning. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Transformation Transformation is not a future event. For us, it is NOW! At the core of KFintech’s ethos is it’s track record of disruption
                            experience through
                            transformation. Why KFintech? Secure Hyperscale Platform KFintech’s asset management platforms are the leading investor and Issuer servicing
                            platforms.
                            Our platforms are highly resilient, secure and scalable even as they are built on
                            mobile-first
                            micro
                            services architecture driven and cloud-ready frameworks. KFintech has country specific
                            platforms
                            for asset
                            classes of Mutual Funds, ETFs, Alternatives and Pensions for investor servicing & equities
                            and
                            bonds for
                            issuer servicing.
                            KFintech platforms and data are hosted in Tier IV data centers. XAAS - Everything as a Service KFintech’s vision is to be the most preferred and proactive solutions provider for
                            investment
                            managers and
                            intermediaries enabling differentiated growth. Leveraging software and services model,
                            KFintech
                            delivers to
                            all the services an asset manager needs – Fund accounting & administration, Investor
                            servicing
                            (Transfer
                            Agency), Digital stack (mobility, analytics, social & cloud for infrastructure), CRM
                            solution,
                            Compliance,
                            physical infrastructure (branches) amongst others. With a comprehensive array of services
                            delivered end to
                            end by KFin, the asset managers can focus and outperform markets through superior investment
                            management. Expertise of international operations KFintech’s spectrum of services extend to other Asian economies such as Malaysia,
                            Philippines,
                            Hong Kong,
                            Singapore in addition to being the market leader in India. KFintech also renders mortgage
                            solutions to the
                            American, parts of Europe and Australia. KFintech has developed proprietary multi geography,
                            multi currency
                            platforms for several asset classes. Bringing best of solutions by offering fungible
                            platforms
                            and features
                            has been the cornerstone of delivering customer value by KFintech. Our Solutions Mutual Fund Solutions Know More Corporate Registry Solutions Know More National Pension System Know More Global Fund Solutions Know More Global Business Solutions Know More Private Wealth Management Know More Alternatives Know More Names that speak for us KFin caters to a large client base across the globe and their continued trust helps us to excel
                        in
                        delivering exceptional client value.
                        Over the last three decades, majority of the asset managers and corporates have relied upon us
                        for the
                        extensive array of our services. KFintech serves the mission-critical needs of asset managers with clients spanning mutual funds,
                    AIFs (alternative investments), pension, wealth managers and corporates in India and abroad.
                    The company provides SaaS based end-to-end transaction management, channel management, compliance
                    solutions,
                    data analytics and various other digital services to asset managers across segments, as well as
                    outsourcing
                    services for global players. ABOUT US About KFintech Careers Contact Us MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS Distributor
                                Solutions Channel Partner
                                Solutions Mutual Fund Investor
                                Solutions Korp Connect RIA
                                Solutions AMC Solutions Financial Solutions CORPORATE REGISTRY Karisma Evoting Fintrak Kprism Kreation NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM NPS CRA Login GLOBAL BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Mortgage Solutions Investors Solutions Legal Solutions Finance & Accounting Solutions OTHER SOLUTIONS GFS PWM PMS AIF LEGAL & PRIVACY Terms of Use Privacy Policy QRTA SEBI
                                Guidelines Disclosures GET IN TOUCH +91-40-67162222 / +91-40-7961 1000 91000 94099 einward.ris@kfintech.com investorsupport.mfs@kfintech.com kfinkart.support@kfintech.com kfinkart.distsupport@kfintech.com © Copyright KFintech | All Rights Reserved. CONNECT WITH US Here For You © Copyright KFintech | All Rights Reserved. ×