El Paso News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Annual Sun Bowl fosters community spirit, attracting diverse crowd and first-time visitors The Sun Bowl in El Paso has long been more than just a football game; it's a cherished tradition that unites locals and visitors alike. Many El Pasoans view... Bald eagle rescue: El Paso Zoo nurses sick bird found in Silver City back to health The El Paso Zoo said it is looking after a sick bald eagle that was rescued in Silver City, New Mexico. Las Cruces residents weigh in on minimum wage increase Las Cruces is set to see another increase in its minimum wage, which will rise from $12.65 to $13.01 an hour starting Jan. 1. Former Las Cruces police officer to be sentenced in January Former Las Cruces Police officer Felipe Hernandez, who was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter for the 2023 deadly shooting of a woman, is expected to be sen Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Videos Connect to Congress KFOX14 Investigates Crime News Amazing America In the Courtroom Military Links Mentioned Special Assignments Back to School Inside Your World Soar Beyond The Podium Question of the Day Immigration Spotlight on America El Paso Shooting Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom Weather Current Weather El Paso Showers Late 55 F 69 / 49 Today 69 / 49 Thursday 69 / 47 Friday 69 / 40 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Live Weather Cameras Hurricane Tracker Community Community Annual Sun Bowl fosters community spirit, attracting diverse crowd and first-time visitors The Sun Bowl in El Paso has long been more than just a football game; it's a cherished tradition that unites locals and visitors alike. Many El Pasoans view... Bald eagle rescue: El Paso Zoo nurses sick bird found in Silver City back to health The El Paso Zoo said it is looking after a sick bald eagle that was rescued in Silver City, New Mexico. Las Cruces residents weigh in on minimum wage increase Las Cruces is set to see another increase in its minimum wage, which will rise from $12.65 to $13.01 an hour starting Jan. 1. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Built in the Borderland Partner Spotlight The Breakdown Open Mic Senior Healthy Living Beyond the Plate Becoming the Badge Community Conversations Wellness Watch Hope On The Spectrum Do Your Job ARC El Paso Faculty Spotlight School Spotlight Traffic Traffic Pedestrian killed in hit-and-run on US-54 in El Paso; police seek information El Paso police are investigating a deadly hit-and-run incident that occurred on US-54 North near Ellerthorpe in Northeast El Paso Friday morning.The Special Tr What's Driving You Crazy: What happens next following road damage from a crash? What happens next following road damage from a crash? That's what's driving viewers crazy this week. El Paso police respond to early morning car fire in East El Paso El Paso Police responded to a car fire in East El Paso early Friday morning.TxDOT cameras showed the El Paso Fire Department and TxDOT crews assisting.The crash What's Driving You Crazy: School traffic congestion frustrates El Paso drivers School traffic blocking roadways during student drop-off. That's what's driving one viewer crazy this week.El Paso residents are expressing frustration over tra Gas Tracker Traffic News El Paso Bridge Times What’s Driving You Crazy? Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 55 ° Thu 69 ° Fri 69 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Videos Connect to Congress KFOX14 Investigates Crime News Amazing America In the Courtroom Military Links Mentioned Special Assignments Back to School Inside Your World Soar Beyond The Podium Question of the Day Immigration Spotlight on America El Paso Shooting Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Live Weather Cameras Hurricane Tracker Community Down Arrow Community Home Built in the Borderland Partner Spotlight The Breakdown Open Mic Senior Healthy Living Beyond the Plate Becoming the Badge Community Conversations Wellness Watch Hope On The Spectrum Do Your Job ARC El Paso Faculty Spotlight School Spotlight Traffic Down Arrow Traffic Home Gas Tracker Traffic News El Paso Bridge Times What’s Driving You Crazy? Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Content Local Sports El Paso Chihuahuas Scoreboard Locomotive El Paso Rhinos TICKETS City Guide Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares Fox Lounge Newsletter Sign Up Follow Us On Social Daytime Down Arrow Daytime Home The Team Podcasts Down Arrow Podcasts Home Open Mic The Breakdown Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Trump attends NYE Party President Donald Trump attends a New Year's Eve Party in Palm Beach, Florida READ MORE WATCH Close Vado crash case reopens as mother pleads not guilty to charges in deadly DUI incident The case against a mother involved in the deadly crash in Vado, New Mexico, was reopened in November. Missouri sex offender arrested for indecent exposure in El Paso apartment complex A 34-year-old registered sex offender from Missouri was arrested after he allegedly walked around naked around an apartment complex in East El Paso on... Annual Sun Bowl fosters community spirit, attracting diverse crowd and first-time visitors The Sun Bowl in El Paso has long been more than just a football game; it's a cherished tradition that unites locals and visitors alike. Many El Pasoans view... Fire at pallet yard near Clint prompts evacuations and road closures The Horizon Fire Department says it responded to a massive fire at a pallet yard near Clint on Monday.Video shared via Fit Fam shows massive flames coming out o Bald eagle rescue: El Paso Zoo nurses sick bird found in Silver City back to health The El Paso Zoo said it is looking after a sick bald eagle that was rescued in Silver City, New Mexico. Las Cruces residents weigh in on minimum wage increase Las Cruces is set to see another increase in its minimum wage, which will rise from $12.65 to $13.01 an hour starting Jan. 1. Former Las Cruces police officer to be sentenced in January Former Las Cruces Police officer Felipe Hernandez, who was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter for the 2023 deadly shooting of a woman, is expected to be sen Beloved Borderland artist grapples with cancer diagnosis For more than five decades, Hal Marcus has been a visual ambassador to the Borderland, capturing its spirit and its color on canvas. Now, Marcus is entering a n Woman scolds influencer for asking if she's running a daycare out of her home in Seattle A reporter in Seattle, Washington, was scolded by a woman wearing a headscarf for asking if she was running a daycare out of her home. El Paso man arrested on guns and drug charges on Christmas Eve after traffic stop A 22-year-old was arrested on Christmas Eve after El Paso police found he had unlawful guns and drugs on him. Local News Police ID victim hit, killed in Las Cruces while crossing the street outside crosswalk Las Cruces police identified the 54-year-old woman who was killed Monday evening after she was hit by a pickup truck while improperly crossing the street. Previewing the 92nd Sun Bowl: Arizona State vs Duke El Paso is just one sleep away from kickoff of the 92nd Sun Bowl, as the Arizona State Sun Devils and the ACC champion Duke Blue Devils prepare to clash in one El Paso to host New Year's Eve Star Drop celebration at San Jacinto Plaza The City of El Paso, in collaboration with In Blume, is set to host the New Year’s Eve El Paso Star Drop,powered by El Paso Electric, to welcome 2026.The free Sun Bowl stars and Tony the Tiger bring festive joy to El Paso hospitals El Paso Children's Hospital and Las Palmas Medical Center hosted a special visit from participants of the 92nd Annual Tony the Tiger Sun Bowl on Tuesday.Player Ciudad Juarez pastor recounts horror as train derailment leaves son hospitalized A pastor and accountant from Ciudad Juárez shared the traumatic experience he and his family endured after a train derailed in Southern Mexico, killing over a.. El Paso Police seek public help to identify suspects in Adult Video Warehouse theft El Paso Police are asking for the public's assistance in identifying two suspects involved in a shoplifting incident at the Adult Video Warehouse on Dec. 14 in El Paso road rage shooting incident leads to arrest of 19-year-old A 19-year-old El Paso man was arrested over the weekend after a road rage incident led to a shooting, according to the El Paso Police Department. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending CONFIRMED | Body found Tuesday is 19-year-old Camila Olmos Investigators said that the body that was found matched Camila's clothing description, but have not yet identified the body as that of Camila Olmos. Vado crash case reopens as mother pleads not guilty to charges in deadly DUI incident The case against a mother involved in the deadly crash in Vado, New Mexico, was reopened in November. These five states ban SNAP purchases of soda and candy as part of health initiative 5 states will roll out food restriction waivers for sugary drinks and candy on January 1. El Paso man arrested on guns and drug charges on Christmas Eve after traffic stop A 22-year-old was arrested on Christmas Eve after El Paso police found he had unlawful guns and drugs on him. El Paso road rage shooting incident leads to arrest of 19-year-old A 19-year-old El Paso man was arrested over the weekend after a road rage incident led to a shooting, according to the El Paso Police Department. Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports ASU and Duke visit Fort Bliss ahead of Sun Bowl As Arizona State and Duke prepare to clash in the Sun Bowl on New Year's Eve, each team has taken trips around El Paso to experience the culture of the Sun... Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. El Paso Locomotive FC names Junior Gonzalez as head coach for 2026 season El Paso's soccer club has found its new coach for the 2026 season. See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED A new era of advanced hair restoration in Southern New Mexico Millennium Health & Wellness, led by Dr. Brian R. Hesser, FNP, DC, has announced a new strategic partnership with GetHairMD™, bringing some of the nation’s most SPONSORED Healing naturally with breakthrough spine therapy At Millennium Health & Wellness, Dr. Hesser is pioneering a non-surgical spinal regeneration protocol. SPONSORED Take a seat: The new, non-invasive pelvic issue treatment in a chair Millennium Health & Wellness, led by world-renowned Dr. Brian Hesser, has introduced Emsella to its growing suite of non-surgical wellness therapies. SPONSORED Tips, Trends, and Tranquility: The nail salon that has it all Tips, Trends, and Tranquility: The nail salon that has it all SPONSORED The Aging Battle: How the solution could be somewhere you never thought of For countless women, the sudden onset of fatigue, stiffness, brain fog, urinary incontinence, and stubborn fat can feel like a mystery without answers. But acco SPONSORED Revolutionizing spinal restoration with breakthrough multi-therapy approach In the world of spine and joint care, few names carry as much weight as Dr. Brian Hesser&mdash;and for good reason. Known for his relentless pursuit of patient-first SPONSORED Have knee or back pain? This non-invasive treatment could be the solution you need Chronic body pain can affect our lives in many ways. Millennium Health & Wellness offers a variety of treatments to help you feel better. SPONSORED Revolutionizing recovery: El Paso’s leading advanced spinal restoration program When it comes to spinal health and pain relief, few leaders in the region bring together innovation and medical expertise like Dr. Brian Hesser of Millennium He SPONSORED Calling all weebs: El Paso's favorite anime convention is back! Anime El Paso is right around the corner, bringing with it a packed schedule full of celebrity guests, cosplay contests, unique attractions, and fan-favorite ch SPONSORED Heating up the summer with an unforgettable festival experience Summer is here, and in El Paso, that means one thing&mdash;it's time to party! The fourth annual Sal y Limon Street Festival is back and bigger than ever, taking over SPONSORED Non-invasive treatment offers solutions for body shaping, inflammation, and more! Millennium Health & Wellness, under the guidance of the esteemed Dr. Brian Hesser, is proud to introduce T-Shape, a groundbreaking treatment that is redefining SPONSORED Red light therapy: A revolutionary option for whole-body recovery A new wave of wellness is sweeping across the nation, powered by the science of light. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page ARC El Paso What Influences You: El Paso stars in new short film from country music artist MORIAH El Paso takes center stage in "Nice Life," a new short film by rising country artist MORIAH. Bark on ARC: Humane Society highlights easy adoption process for dogs like Shotgun The Humane Society is spotlighting Shotgun, an American pit bull terrier mix, as part of its efforts to find homes for dogs in need.Shotgun, known for his "gig Community Spotlight: Local bakery spreads warmth with donations to those in need EL PASO, Texas (KFOX14/CBS4) &mdash;What started as a family effort to give back has blossomed into a community-wide initiative, thanks to the legacy of one generous Legal Jargon: Expert advises on steps to take if a child is injured by a defective toy EL PASO, Texas (KFOX14/CBS4) - In a recent segment of "Legal Jargon," attorney Daniela Labinoti discussed the legal recourse available to parents if their child Can you sue for holiday food poisoning? Legal expert weighs in In this week's "Legal Jargon" segment, attorney Daniela 11 Nadia addressed a common holiday concern: food poisoning from holiday meals. Nadia confirmed that... Exploring El Paso: ARC El Paso learns about Hanukkah Traditions EL PASO, Texas (KFOX14/CBS4) El Paso is aglow with the spirit of Hanukkah as the festival of lights nears its conclusion this weekend.Rabbi Levy Greenberg of Legal Jargon: El Paso Attorney talks all things Jury Duty El Paso, Texas (KFOX14/CBS4) In a recent segment of "Legal Jargon", ARC El Paso sat down with attorney Daniela Labinoti to talk all things jury duty.As the holi Bark on Arc: Tips for keeping pets calm during holiday gatherings As Thanksgiving approaches, many pet owners may wonder how to keep their furry friends calm during large family gatherings. A.J. with the El Paso Human Society Bark on Arc:El Paso Humane Society offers discounted adoption for long-term resident Penny Penny, a four-year-old shepherd mix, is seeking a forever home at the El Paso Humane Society. Described as "very loyal" and "very smart," Penny knows ... El Paso native Robert Arevalo blends martial arts and filmmaking in Hollywood career Robert Arevalo, an El Paso native, has carved a unique path in the entertainment industry, blending his skills in martial arts, acting, and filmmaking. Arevalo Bark on Arc: Keep your furry friends safe this Christmas As the holiday season approaches, pet owners are reminded to take precautions to ensure their furry friends stay safe. The Humane Society's AJ introduced The... Former WWE star Dolph Ziggler embraces new wrestling chapter with TNA Nick Nemeth, known to wrestling fans as former WWE legend Dolph Ziggler, recently reflected on his 19-year career in the WWE and his decision to move on."Ninet El Paso youth football team seeks community support for state championship bid The El Paso Slaughter Gang Sharks, a youth football team, are gearing up for the state championships in San Marcos this Sunday. What Influences You: ARC El Paso Paints with Regions only Bob Ross Certified Instructor El Paso, Texas (KFOX14/CBS4) - Sean Warswick, the only Bob Ross certified instructor in the borderlands, is bringing the joy of painting to El Paso.Warswick, w El Paso Humane Society highlights adoptable pets and offers cold weather tips The El Paso Humane Society is spotlighting Felicity, a 6-year-old German Shepherd mix, as part of their weekly "Bark on Arc" segment. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page KFOX14 Investigates Sunland Park Residents Frustrated as Discolored Water Returns The Camino Real Regional Utility Authority is once again facing scrutiny as residents in Sunland Park report discolored water flowing from their taps.For over a Abbott sidesteps school funding questions amid rising education tensions in Texas Across Texas, teachers are being laid off, and schools are shutting down. Meanwhile, the state government is pushing for a new school choice program.The questi FBI agent advises parents on monitoring school-sanctioned apps In the span of a week, three employees of the Socorro Independent School District were arrested in connection with inappropriate behavior involving children. See More Right arrow The Breakdown The Breakdown: Flora of the Borderland Smart Gardening in Harsh Climates In this episode of The Breakdown, host Brad Montgomery welcomes back Denise Rodriguez from the Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Service to explore the rich world of The Breakdown: Inflation, Oil & the Fed In this episode of The Breakdown, Brad Montgomery sits down with economics professor Carlos Aguilar from EPCC to make sense of where the U.S. economy stands und The Breakdown - The Great Trade Debate The Breakdown: The Truth About TariffsWhat exactly are tariffs and how do they affect your wallet, your job, and international relations? Synopsis for The Breakdown: Sleep, Stress & Success: Truth About Rest & Recovery (Part 2) In this follow-up episode of The Breakdown, host Brad Montgomery continues his deep dive into the psychology of sleep with Dr. Omavi Bailey. They explore how sl See More Right arrow Becoming the Badge El Paso Police Academy reduces from 11 months to 8.5; promises to maintain high standards The El Paso Police Department&rsquo;s 11-month training academy has been known as one of the longest programs in the country. 'The real work is about to begin': Emotional graduation for EPPD's newest police officers The 16 recruits left standing in the El Paso Police Academy sit next to one another on graduation day, with a badge officially over their chest and an emblem pi 'Becoming the Badge' recruits undergo active shooter training as graduation nears This week on 'Becoming the Badge' the 16 recruits left standing in the 133rd El Paso Police Academy are faced with active shooter training. The academy has them See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.