KFUPM Study Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Master of Science (Project-Based) Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Colleges & Departments Apply International Students Study in Saudi Arabia Tuition costs and Scholarships Apply as an International Student Global Exchange Opportunities Visa Requirements Research Research Research Pillars Research Finder Research Impact Research Centers Research and Business Collab Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Worldwide University Collaborations Partner Successes Give About Us Our Story Mission and Vision Facts You May Not Know About KFUPM Facts and Figures History Our Accomplishments KFUPM Leadership Discover KFUPM Attributes 7 Habits of KFUPM Students AI+X Sustainability Visit KFUPM News Campus Life Student Housing and Dining Health and Safety Get Involved Connect Alumni Careers Contact Us E-Services Portal Blackboard Library Services IT Services Admissions Office Graduate Studies Academic Development Registrar KFUPM ePrints Careers Telephone Directory Medical Center KFUPM Store Dream Big and Accomplish Discover a world of limitless possibilities. Know More Facts & Figures Learn More 67th QS World University Rankings 2026 1st Middle East and Africa Rankings by THE 5th Petroleum Engineering Ranking by QS 58th Data Science and AI Ranking by QS Study Select Program type Search Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Undergraduate Concentrations (CX) Graduate Programs Master of Science (Thesis-Based) and Ph.D. Master of Science (Project-Based) Colleges & Departments Your Journey Starts Here Ready to embark on your 
academic journey?

Start your application today. Apply Now Research & Innovation Research Pillars Learn more about the strategy driving research for humanity Research Centers Step into the dynamic hubs that drive scientific innovation at KFUPM Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Our ecosystem connects you with mentors, funding opportunities, and a community of innovators Discover KFUPM's Traits The foundation of knowledge creation, collaborative innovation, and transformative education The 7 Habits of KFUPM Students Curious minds, bold thinkers, and determined doers. Discover the habits that define all KFUPM students AI+X™ Foundation AI is integrated across all disciplines, preparing students for an AI-driven global economy Your Future Awaits Explore opportunities to study in Saudi Arabia and join our thriving international student community. The path to your future starts here. Study in Saudi Arabia Discover the Saudi hospitality, traditions, and opportunities for academic and personal growth International Students Learn about our application process, and the  comprehensive benefits KFUPM offers Connect Meet our Leadership Get to know KFUPM's leadership team and hear our President's vision for the future Alumni Stay connected through alumni networking events, and discover ways to contribute to KFUPM's legacy Careers Advance your career at KFUPM with rewarding opportunities and competitive benefits Student’s Stories At KFUPM, you'll join a diverse global community, sharing unique experiences. Explore life at KFUPM through stories from fellow students. Know More Osama Aljohani completed an internship at JP3 ... Osama Wael Aljohani Saudi Arabia Chemical Engineering A Colombian student, Mateo Caro Cañas, studie ... Mateo Caro Cañas Colombia Electrical Engineering Alaa Al-Shaikhi, a KFUPM student, traveled to ... Alaa Al-Shaikhi Saudi Arabia Chemicals and Materials Osama Aljohani completed an internship at JP3 ... Osama Wael Aljohani Saudi Arabia Chemical Engineering A Colombian student, Mateo Caro Cañas, studie ... Mateo Caro Cañas Colombia Electrical Engineering Alaa Al-Shaikhi, a KFUPM student, traveled to ... Alaa Al-Shaikhi Saudi Arabia Chemicals and Materials Previous Next News All News Academics A Year to Remember: 2025 at KFUPM 2025-12-29 Academics Student Team Secures Second Place at Fikrahthoon 2025-12-22 Events Three Prop-Tech Startups Win at ROSHNEXT 2025-12-17 Find us Dhahran, 31261, KSA +966 (13) 860-0000 info@kfupm.edu.sa Contact us Discover KFUPM News Visit KFUPM How We Dream and Accomplish Our achievements shape the future. Discover our journey Know more © 2025. All rights reserved Privacy Notice Terms of Service