KFF Health News Skip to content Toggle navigation Donate Donate Connect With Us: Contact X Facebook LinkedIn Instagram RSS Trump 2.0 Agency Watch Medicaid Watch State Watch Public Health Race & Health Audio KFF Health News Minute What the Health? An Arm and a Leg Silence in Sikeston Epidemic American Diagnosis Where It Hurts Investigations Bill Of The Month Broken Rehab Dead Zone Diagnosis: Debt Overpayment Outrage Payback: Tracking Opioid Cash Systemic Sickness The Body Shops The Injured The Only Hospital in Town ALL INVESTIGATIONS More Topics Abortion Aging Climate COVID-19 Health Care Costs Insurance Medicaid Medicare Mental Health Pharma Rural Health Uninsured Search KFF Health News Search KFF Health News (E+/Getty Images) The Body Shops After Outpatient Cosmetic Surgery, They Wound Up in the Hospital or Alone at a Recovery House By Fred Schulte Dec 23 Some patients who had liposuction or other surgeries later required emergency hospital care — and some died, court records show. It’s the ‘Gold Standard’ in Autism Care. Why Are States Reining It In? By Bram Sable-Smith and Andrew Jones Dec 23 States facing yawning budget shortfalls have begun cutting Medicaid reimbursements for a wide variety of services. In some states, dramatic cuts are targeting therapies that many families of autistic people say are essential to caring for their loved ones. BILL OF THE MONTH Medical Bills Can Be Vexing and Perplexing. Here’s This Year’s Best Advice for Patients. By Emmarie Huetteman Dec 23 As the crowdsourced investigative series from KFF Health News approaches its eighth anniversary, “Bill of the Month” offers its top takeaways of 2025 to help patients manage, decipher, and even fight their medical bills. Listen to the Latest ‘KFF Health News Minute’ Dec 23 The "KFF Health News Minute” brings original health care and health policy reporting from our newsroom to the airwaves each week. An Arm and a Leg An Arm and a Leg: A Few More Good Things From 2025 By Dan Weissmann Dec 23 "An Arm and a Leg" looks back on state laws passed in 2025 aimed at removing medical debts from credit reports and reining in corporate influence on medicine. Criminally Ill: Systemic Failures Turn State Mental Hospitals Into Prisons Baltimore Drove Down Gun Deaths. Now Trump Has Slashed Funding for That Work. Medicaid Health Plans Step Up Outreach Efforts Ahead of GOP Changes Inside the FDA’s Vaccine Uproar Journalists Zero In on ‘Certificate of Need’ Laws and Turbulent Obamacare Enrollment Season Judge in Nursing Home Bankruptcy Case Gives Families Fresh Hope of Compensation for Injuries, Deaths Scorpion Peppers Caused Him ‘Crippling’ Pain. Two Years Later, the ER Bill Stung Him Again. Guns Marketed for Personal Safety Fuel Public Health Crisis in Black Communities States Advance Medical Debt Protections as Federal Support Turns to Opposition View All Top Stories Deadly Denials (Jaimee Tennant) After Series of Denials, His Insurer Approved Doctor-Recommended Cancer Care. It Was Too Late. By Lauren Sausser Nov 21 Eric Tennant’s doctors recommended histotripsy, which would target, and potentially destroy, a cancerous tumor in his liver. But by the time his insurer approved the treatment, Tennant was no longer considered a good candidate. He died in September. Investigating Prior Authorizations Fighting a Health Insurance Denial? Here Are 7 Tips To Help Ticked Off Over Preauthorization: Walk-In Patient Avoided Lyme Disease but Not a Surprise Bill We’ll Be Back Soon KFF Health News’s Morning Briefing are off Dec. 23-Jan. 1. We’ll be back in your inbox on Thursday, Jan. 2. While we’re gone, take a look at our other weekly and topic emails and sign up here . Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) LinkedIn Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Get Our Free Newsletters Morning Briefing: Today's News Summaries Tuesday, Dec 23 2025 Novo Nordisk’s Wegovy Becomes First GLP-1 Oral Pill After FDA Approval Dec 23 CMS Generates 400 Medicare-Funded Residency Slots Dec 23 Aetna Adds IVF Coverage For Same-Sex Couples After Settlement Dec 23 New ALS Drug Targets Cell Mutation, May Slow Progression: Study Dec 23 Nurses At 12 NYC Hospitals Prepared To Strike In New Year Dec 23 ByHeart Formula Botulism Lawsuit Adds Target, Walmart, Whole Foods Dec 23 Read All News Summaries Email Sign-Up Subscribe to KFF Health News' free Morning Briefing. Your Email Address Sign Up Use Our Stories For Free Original KFF Health News stories and many photos can be republished for free. Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) LinkedIn Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Find Out How About KFF Health News KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism. Check out our award-winning investigations and stories. Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) LinkedIn Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print We want to hear from you! KFF Health News regularly features Letters to the Editor from readers like you. We welcome all comments and will publish a selection. We edit for length and clarity and require full names. Submit them here! Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) LinkedIn Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print Send Us a Letter Sign Up For Our Email Newsletter Stay informed by signing up for the Morning Briefing and other emails: Your Email Address Sign Up Special Coverage Broken Rehab Broken Rehab How delays and bankruptcy let a nursing home chain avoid paying settlements for injuries and deaths. Nutrition Even as SNAP resumes, new work rules threaten access for years to come. LGBTQ+ Health An HIV expert refused to censor data, then quit the CDC. THE NEW OLD AGE The New Old Age Wheelchair? Hearing aids? Yes. “Disabled”? No way. Sticker Shock Obamacare customers confront premium spikes as Congress dithers. Bill of the Month Bill of the Month A toddler’s ambulance ride cost over $9,000. Republicans Left Tribes Out of Their $50B Rural Fund. Now it’s up to states to share. Public Health While scientists race to study spread of measles in the U.S., Kennedy unravels hard-won gains. BROKEN REHAB Broken Rehab They need a ventilator to stay alive. Getting one can be a nightmare. Weekly Podcast What the Health? From KFF Health News: Time’s Up for Expanded ACA Tax Credits Dec 18 Daily Cartoon ‘Five Billion Servings?’ By Scott Johnston Used with the permission of Scott Johnston.
		Cartoons are the property of their respective artists and are subject to copyright laws. Do not reproduce or redistribute this cartoon without permission of the artist. View All Cartoons More From The Midwest Bureau Journalists Zero In on ‘Certificate of Need’ Laws and Turbulent Obamacare Enrollment Season Dec 20 States Advance Medical Debt Protections as Federal Support Turns to Opposition Dec 19 Disability Rights Lawyers Threatened With Budget Cuts, Reassignments Dec 16 View More More from the California Bureau Medicaid Health Plans Step Up Outreach Efforts Ahead of GOP Changes Dec 22 States Advance Medical Debt Protections as Federal Support Turns to Opposition Dec 19 Readers Make Their Wish Lists, Checking Up on Health Care Dec 16 One Big Beautiful Bill Act Complicates State Health Care Affordability Efforts Dec 16 View More More From The Mountain States States Advance Medical Debt Protections as Federal Support Turns to Opposition Dec 19 Scorpion Peppers Caused Him ‘Crippling’ Pain. Two Years Later, the ER Bill Stung Him Again. Dec 19 Judge in Nursing Home Bankruptcy Case Gives Families Fresh Hope of Compensation for Injuries, Deaths Dec 19 View More More From The Southern Bureau Baltimore Drove Down Gun Deaths. Now Trump Has Slashed Funding for That Work. Dec 22 Journalists Zero In on ‘Certificate of Need’ Laws and Turbulent Obamacare Enrollment Season Dec 20 Guns Marketed for Personal Safety Fuel Public Health Crisis in Black Communities Dec 19 View More Columnists Asking Never Hurts Lawfully Present Immigrants Help Stabilize ACA Plans. Why Does the GOP Want Them Out? By Bernard J. Wolfson HealthBent To Cut Medicaid, the GOP’s Following a Path Often Used To Expand Health Care By Julie Rovner The New Old Age Wheelchair? Hearing Aids? Yes. ‘Disabled’? No Way. By Paula Span Noticias en Español Las armas promovidas para la seguridad personal provocan una crisis de salud pública en comunidades negras Dec 19 Las personas sin hogar de DC se esconden a la intemperie, se enferman más y le cuestan más al sistema Dec 18 ¿Llamar al 911 o arriesgarse a perder al bebé? Redadas obligan a algunos inmigrantes a evitar la atención médica Dec 18 FDA cuestiona uso de antidepresivos en el embarazo, pero médicos dicen que son esenciales Dec 15 Lea más historias Today's Haiku THANK YOU TO OUR READERS Another great year of haikus comes to a close. Happy holidays! - KFF Health News staff Send Us Your Haiku Follow Us KFFHealthNews KFFHealthNews @KFFHealthNews @KFFHealthNews @KFF-HealthNews Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) LinkedIn Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email Click to print (Opens in new window) Print © 2025 KFF . All rights reserved. About Us Donate Contact Us Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Staff Republish Our Content Email Sign-Up X Facebook LinkedIn Instagram RSS Powered by WordPress VIP × Thank you for your interest in supporting KFF Health News, the nation’s leading nonprofit newsroom focused on health and health policy. We distribute our journalism for free and without advertising through media partners of all sizes and in communities large and small. We appreciate all forms of engagement from our readers and listeners, and welcome your support. KHN is an editorially independent program of KFF (Kaiser Family Foundation). You can support KHN by making a contribution to KFF, a non-profit charitable organization that is not associated with Kaiser Permanente. Click the button below to go to KFF’s donation page which will provide more information and FAQs. Thank you! Go Back Continue