Khoros: Community Management Software With Proven Results Khoros is now part of the IgniteTech family. Learn More . Search: Search Support Sign in Products AI & Automation AI for every conversation, campaign, and customer Khoros Communities Self-service support, education, and collaboration Khoros Service Agent efficiency, automation, and operational insights Khoros Social Media Management Content management, publishing, and governance Resources Resource Center Guides, tipsheets, ebooks, on-demand webinars, & more Blog Insights, tips, news, and more from our team to yours Developer information Technical overviews and links to developer documentation Events Join us for webinars and in-person events Integrations Integrations to connect with your customers, wherever they are Tech integrations Trust Center Policies, resources, certifications, and updates on our commitment to data security & compliance Customer Stories Join our community Get a demo Logo Support Sign in Products AI & Automation Khoros Communities Khoros Service Khoros Social Media Management Resources Resource Center Blog Developer information Events Integrations Trust Center Customer Stories Community software with proven results Give like-minded customers and partners a safe space to connect, self-serve, and engage for service & support Try it Book a demo Read their stories Khoros powers the communities that power the world 300 of the world’s most vibrant communities 1.8B community site visits a year 4x more traffic than competitors Learn from the experts Value-packed guides, templates, tipsheets, and more – all in one place Explore resources Real communities, real impact When communities thrive, results follow $500M saved per year via self-service 2-5x more revenue from engaged members 25% NPS lift from community visitors SOLUTIONS Khoros Communities Powerful communities built to last No matter who a community serves, it must be a place to find information, share ideas, get answers, and engage in meaningful dialogue. Only Khoros provides the software and expertise enterprises need to build world-class communities faster, with far fewer resources. Explore SOLUTIONS Khoros Service Excellent automation and digital service, no exceptions Customers expect seamless, 24x7, omni-channel service. Enterprises need to improve support and cut costs. Only Khoros delivers an AI-powered solution that enables enterprises to build more automation and equip agents with a single place to resolve cross-channel inquiries. Explore SOLUTIONS Khoros Social Media Management Social media marketing made simple It’s not easy to manage a major brand’s social media strategy. Only Khoros provides purpose-built software to bring global social media accounts, campaigns and teams into one place so teams can execute cross-channel campaigns faster — without the headache or risk. Explore CUSTOMER SUCCESS “The Microsoft Power BI Community grew over 600% from its initial launch, but our support headcount remained flat. We’ve seen millions of dollars in deflected support costs because of our community’s peer-to-peer support, but most importantly, our customers are happier.” SANDY RIVAS Senior Program Manager Read their story “After successfully piloting and achieving business objectives, obtaining a positive ROI, and receiving favorable feedback from our user base, senior executives readily invested in the Community without opposition.” IMAD DAOUD Senior Manager, Digital Support Read their story “Every one of us holds part of the answer to our customers’ questions. Our Community allows us to ensure that our customers benefit from the power of our collective intelligence.” JP BONNAFOUX VP Growth & Success, Digital Business Read their story “The Community has transformed our support organization. We have greatly improved the customer experience by providing our members with digitally relevant, expert information at the right time, in the right place, with minimal effort.” SUZANNE MACALUSO Sr. Advisor, Digital Platforms Read their story Create a vibrant online community quickly, with less resources Get a demo Home Partners Resource Center Blog Customer Stories Newsroom Events Solutions Khoros Service Social Media Management Community Services Strategic Services Professional Services Product Coaching Resources Channel Integrations Tech Integrations Developer information Community Management Software FAQs Company About Khoros Leadership Careers Social Responsibility LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Instagram Get a Demo Contact Us Privacy Disclaimer Trust Center Terms of Use Cookie Preferences IgniteTech © Khoros, LLC