KWS Overview - Kids Web Services Tools to help developers manage youth audiences at scale. Kids Web Services is built to enable safer digital experiences for young audiences. We help our partners navigate the complex global landscape of parental consent and verification, enabling youth audiences to access the games and platforms they love. KWS is the most widely deployed parent verification solution in the market, and our sole aim is to improve the experience for players and their parents. Get started now Go to documentation News New for South Korea: faster parent verification and higher completion rates Kids Web Services (KWS) adopts two new verification methods, cell phone and i-PIN, bringing more choice to parents and higher completion rates to developers. Celebrating 25 Million Verified Parents in the ParentGraph KWS ParentGraph has reached the remarkable milestone of over 25 million verified parents. Find out what’s next for the Parent Verification service here. News Why choose Kids Web Services? Supports young audiences globally KWS technology has been designed to allow maximum flexibility for our partners. Our services offer a high level of configurability enabling partners to navigate the complexity of youth data privacy laws worldwide, while tailoring our services to their own individual business needs, user needs, and risk profile. Scalable Solutions KWS tools are built to handle millions of concurrent users, across our account systems and many others. We pride ourselves on uptime, maintaining load testing x2 beyond expected volumes, and automatically scaling our services based on partners' needs. KWS is entirely free of charge Parental consent, particularly verification, can be a costly barrier to developers making their digital experiences available to all. KWS has no upfront cost, recurring charges, or volume restrictions. Whether you’re building an app with hundreds of millions of active users or an indie launching a new game, the service remains free for both developers and parents. The Global Challenge with Parental Consent and Verification Global regulation is complex and challenging, with many different jurisdictions and countries evolving their requirements in real time. Getting the flow right for permissions, consent, and verification for youth audiences and parents in games and online platforms is a huge challenge. KWS consists of services that can be used individually or in conjunction, depending on your requirements. Parent Verification The KWS Parent Verification service is a critical market-leading solution that enables developers to manage global regulations to obtain parental consent. Designed to minimize data collection, the AgeGraph, a rapidly growing network of millions of pre-verified parents, allows KWS to improve the parent experience by reusing their verification status across the multiple digital experiences their children sign up for. By reducing the friction to parents, developers can reach more younger users and improve completion rates for their services. Age Verification KWS Age Verification delivers effective, easy-to-integrate, and scalable age verification for developers who need to navigate global age assurance requirements with confidence. KWS’ solution preserves privacy, offering users a variety of methods to verify age without storing verification details (e.g. payment card number, ID document, face scan, etc.). User friction is minimized through the AgeGraph, KWS’ rapidly growing network of nearly 30M pre-verified adults, resulting in improved completion rates and user satisfaction. Consent Management The KWS Consent Management service offers developers unparalleled flexibility to tailor their consent processes to meet the specific needs of their digital experiences. It gives developers the tools to enable compliance to meet global regulations while empowering parents to make informed decisions about their children's online activities. Boost parental consent completion rates Use the power of our AgeGraph, a vast and rapidly-growing network of pre-verified parents from around the world, to maximize completion and improve the experience for children and their parents. Once a parent or guardian has been verified using KWS, they do not need to re-verify with any other app or service that uses KWS technology and can skip straight to managing consent for their child. Get Started with KWS Step 1 Register with KWS Using your Epic Games sign-in details, register directly with KWS as the first/sole user for your organization. Register now Step 2 Setup your organization KWS prompts you to set up your organization and invite colleagues to join your team. Create organization Step 3 Configure your product Set up your product in KWS and get it ready to integrate with KWS. Create project