Home Skip to content Check out our Easy Learn to Draw lessons → My Favorites Activities Baby Toddlers Preschool Kindergarten Elementary and Beyond Family – All Ages Coloring Coloring Games Coloring Pictures Letter Coloring Pages Christmas Coloring Pages Valentines Coloring Pages Easter Coloring Pages Halloween Coloring Pages Thanksgiving Coloring Pages Crafts 5 Minute Crafts Arts & Crafts Craft Ideas Craft Kits DIY Ideas Easy Crafts Edible Crafts Paper Crafts Harry Potter Crafts Christmas Crafts Halloween Crafts Thanksgiving Crafts Learning Colors Color by Number History Math Reading Science 100s of Fun Science Activities for Kids Science Fair Projects Science Games for Kids Science Projects for Kids Science Toys for Kids STEM Activities Parenting Traveling With Kids Stories DIY Discover What’s Trending Food Holiday Christmas Hanukkah New Year’s Day April Fools Day Earth Day Mother’s Day Easter Cinco de Mayo Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day Columbus Day Halloween Birthday Parties 5 Minute Crafts My Favorites Search Kids Activities Free New Year’s Printables For The Whole Family New Year’s Eve Mocktail Recipes The Whole Family Can Enjoy! Free Printable Snow Day Activity Book Move Over Cookies! We’re Making Christmas Brownies For Santa Festively Fun Gingerbread Man Candy Cane Holder 365 Positive Thought of the Day Quotes for Kids 17+ Cute Girl Hairstyles 50 Random Facts that you Won’t Believe are True The Best Playdough Recipe 75+ Hysterical Kid Friendly Jokes for Tons of Laughs Free Printable Snowman Reading Tracker “Silver Bells” Memory Game For Preschoolers Free Printable Winter Activity Book For Kids Let’s Make A DIY Ornament Wreath! Free Printable Pretend Play: Santa’s Workshop More Recent Posts Welcome to Kids Activities! My name is Holly Homer & I am the Dallas mom of three boys… Read More About Me Holly’s Favorite Activites Fidget Spinner DIY 35 Ways & Activities To Celebrate Dr. Seuss’s Birthday! 50 Fun Alphabet Sounds and ABC Letter Games Bubble Art: Painting with Bubbles Easy Christmas Snacks To Make Your Child’s Lunch Box Merry Free Printable Christmas Juice Box Covers Let’s Make A Cute and Festive Christmas Treat Bag Super Fun December Activities For Kids of All Ages December Holidays – Fun Activities and Free Calendar Oatmeal Cookie Gingerbread Man Craft Free Printable Thanksgiving Zine Oatmeal Cookie Turkey Craft For Kids The Big Book of Kids Activities 500 Projects That Are the Bestest, Funnest Ever Whether you’re making glow-in-the-dark slime, launching rocket ships, conducting backyard science experiments or playing Family Four Square, there are super fun activities for children aged 3 to 12. Get the Book! 101 Kids Activities That Are the Bestest, Funnest Ever This book is for kids of all ages, plus parents, babysitters, grandparents and anyone that wants to have fun! Get The Book 101 Kid’s Activities That Are The Ooey, Gooey-est Ever! This book is  is overflowing with ooey-gooey, homemade ideas for making playdough, slime and other ishy, squishy play recipes! Get The Book 101 Coolest Simple Science Experiments This book is is for kids 5-12 (younger if adults are leading the fun) and jam packed with science silliness! Get The Book Super Fun Snowman Craft For Kids Free Printable Feel Better Activity Pack Fun Orange Cup Turkey Craft For Kids Printable Thanksgiving Memory Games For Children and Adults Delicious Corn Flake Christmas Wreaths Free Printable Thanksgiving Dinner Portion Guide Let’s Make Poppy Flowers For Veterans Day Festive Christmas Ornament Painting For Kids Festive Thanksgiving Table Decor You Can Print and Craft Fun and Festive Turkey Painting For Kids 25 November Activities For Kids 30+ November Holidays (+Free Printable Calendar) Learn How To Pray: Printable Prayer Builder For Kids Pasta Fountain Science Experiment For Kids Free Printable Thanksgiving Board Game For Kids Hot Diggity Dessert! Let’s Make Twinkie Hot Dogs Free Camping I-Spy Printable For Kids Festival of Lights: DIY Paper Diya Craft Idea Boo-tiful Words of Wisdom: Ominous Positivity Posters Fun and Simple Lantern House Craft Next Page Grab Our 30 Days of Play! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Email * Get Them Free Here! Share Pin As Seen In Keep in touch Connect with us on your favorite social network below! Explore Activities Activities Coloring Crafts Learning Science Parenting Holidays 5 Min Crafts Back to top Kids Activities Blog Activities Coloring Crafts Learning Science Parenting Holiday 5 Minute Crafts ©2025 Kids Activities Blog. All rights reserved. Disclosure and Privacy Policy • Powered by CultivateWP . Share Pin