Kikoff | #1 Credit Builder Get the credit-building tips millions of people love. I'm looking for tips on: General credit-building How to build credit from scratch Financial literacy & wellness Rebuilding bad credit No, thanks Get Kikoff's new feature: AI-driven disputes 4.8 95.5K reviews 1M+ Downloads Learn more How Kikoff Works Frequently Asked Questions Pricing Blog Credit Account Rent Reporting Debt Negotiator Secured Card Learn more How Kikoff Works How Kikoff Works Frequently Asked Questions Pricing Pricing Credit Account Credit Account Rent Reporting Debt Negotiator Secured Card About Us 1-844-741-9292 Sign Up Login Sign Up How Kikoff Works How Kikoff Works Frequently Asked Questions Pricing Blog Credit Account Credit Account Rent Reporting Debt Negotiator Secured Card Tap into better credit. df Credit-building & financial tools, made easy. Build credit fast Build credit fast No Credit Check. No interest. + 86 pts * on avg for users with starting credit under 600 in a year with on time payments 80 M + total points increased 2 One tap. Score big. 1 + 86 pts * on avg for users with starting credit under 600 in a year with on time payments Plans start at $ 5 /month 1 The most-loved credit builder. Since 2019, we've helped millions of people just like you take control of their financial future. 150k+ user reviews 80M+ total points increased 2 +84 pts 3 on avg in one year Featured in: Build credit, fast. Kikoff plans 1 report to all three credit bureaus which can help improve your payment history , utilization , and account age . Build payment history Establishing a strong track record has never been easier. Lower credit utilization Your Kikoff tradeline + Kikoff plan = a better 1 utilization ratio. Age of credit Your Kikoff 1 account doesn’t expire, which helps your credit profile age like a fine wine. How it works How it works in 3 simple steps 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 1 Sign up in minutes 1 with no credit check. No hidden fees or interest. Build credit safely with 3 simple steps 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 2 Pick a plan that fits your goals, starting at $5/mo 1 . Make on-time payments to start building credit. Build credit safely with 3 simple steps 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 3 Take your credit even further with powerful extra 1 features . Dispute errors. Negotiate debt 1 . Build credit with the rent1 you already pay. And more. 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 1 Sign up in minutes with no credit check. No hidden fees or interest. 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 2 Pick a plan that fits your goals, starting at $5/mo 1 . Make on-time payments to start building credit. 45 days money back guarantee 4 Step 3 Take your credit even further with powerful extra 1 features . Negotiate debt 1 . Build credit with the rent you already pay 1 . And more. More 1 ways to score, all in one place. Kikoff services may result in bank fees when customer accounts are debited. Banks may charge nonsufficient fund fees, overdraft fees, or other fees. Credit cards may also incur interest charges. Kikoff is not responsible for any bank fees. Competitor secured credit cards refers to secured credit cards other than Kikoff. Credit monitoring Track changes to your credit, get monthly credit reports from all three credit bureaus, and discover tips to improve your credit, and understand key credit factors. Learn more Kikoff Secured Credit Card 5 Build credit with every tap, swipe, or online purchase with the Kikoff Secured 5 Credit Card. Available by invite-only, it works like a debit card, with the perks of a credit card — including $0 in-network ATM withdrawals, fee-free overdraft protection, and early payday. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Kikoff Disputes Errors on your credit report can lower your score — Kikoff Disputes can help you remove errors from your credit report for free. Learn more Debt Negotiation Our debt negotiation team can help settle outstanding debt, even those that negatively impact your credit. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Rent Reporting Get credit for the rent you already pay. We’ll report successful rental payments to Equifax. Report up to 2 years of prior rental payments with a one-time fee of $50. Learn more Bill Reporting Put your monthly bills to work for you. We’ll report your phone, electricity, natural gas, and water payments to TransUnion each month. This can help you build credit even faster — and we won't report late payments. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Subscription Management Put money back in your pocket and cancel your unwanted subscriptions with ease. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Privacy protection Tired of spam calls? Remove your personal information from data brokers & third party data resellers. Kikoff constantly monitors the web for new exposures to safeguard your privacy. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. $1M Identity theft insurance Identity theft impacts millions of Americans every year. With Ultimate, you’re covered for up to $1M in eligible ID theft losses. Learn more For Ultimate users. More 1 ways to score, all in one place. Kikoff services may result in bank fees when customer accounts are debited. Banks may charge nonsufficient fund fees, overdraft fees, or other fees. Credit cards may also incur interest charges. Kikoff is not responsible for any bank fees. Competitor secured credit cards refers to secured credit cards other than Kikoff. Credit monitoring Track changes to your credit, get monthly credit reports from all three credit bureaus, and discover tips to improve your credit, and understand key credit factors. Learn more Kikoff Secured Credit Card 3 Build credit with every purchase using the Kikoff Secured Card — like a debit card, with credit perks. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Debt Negotiation Our debt negotiation team can help settle outstanding debt, even those that negatively impact your credit. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Rent Reporting Get credit for the rent you already pay. We’ll report successful rental payments to Equifax. Report up to 2 years of prior rental payments with a one-time fee of $50. Learn more Bill Reporting Put your monthly bills to work for you. We’ll report your phone, electricity, natural gas, and water payments to TransUnion each month. This can help you build credit even faster — and we won't report late payments. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Subscription Management Put money back in your pocket and see your unwanted subscriptions with ease. Learn more For Premium & Ultimate users. Privacy protection Tired of spam calls? Remove your personal information from data brokers & third party data resellers. Kikoff constantly monitors the web for new exposures to safeguard your privacy. Learn more For Ultimate users. ‍ Plans & pricing Kikoff services may result in bank fees when customer accounts are debited. Banks may charge nonsufficient fund fees, overdraft fees, or other fees. Credit cards may also incur interest charges. Kikoff is not responsible for any bank fees. Competitor secured credit cards refers to secured credit cards other than Kikoff. Basic plan $ 5 /mo Our most popular plan. Kikoff Basic $750 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 Reports to Equifax, Experian, & TransUnion Weekly credit report Rent Reporting Tools, tracking, & insights Bank-level security & support Get Started Premium plan Kikoff Premium $ 20 /mo The best value. All the perks of Basic $2,500 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 Access to Kikoff Secured 3 Credit Card Bill Reporting Track and Manage Spending Debt Negotiation Bill Reporting Get Started Ultimate plan Kikoff Ultimate $ 35 /mo Our most powerful plan. All of the perks of Basic & Premium $3,500 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 $1M Identify theft insurance Bill Reporting Personal data protection Get Started Basic plan Premium plan Ultimate plan Basic plan $ 5 /mo Our most popular plan. Kikoff Basic $750 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 Reports to Equifax, Experian, & TransUnion Weekly credit report Tools, tracking, & insights Bank-level security & support Get Started Premium plan Kikoff Premium $ 20 /mo The best value. All the perks of Basic $2,500 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 Access to Kikoff Secured 3 Credit Card Rent Reporting Debt Negotiation Bill Reporting Get Started Ultimate plan Kikoff Ultimate $ 35 /mo Our most powerful plan. All of the perks of Basic & Premium $3,500 reported Kikoff Tradeline 1 Access to Kikoff Secured 5 Credit Card $1M Identify theft insurance Rent Reporting Debt Negotiation Bill Reporting Personal data protection Get Started Trusted and loved by our customers Each time I was checking my credit, points were just accumulating. My credit has improved 156 points with Kikoff. Marquita Oakland, CA I was ready to clean up my credit but I didn't have a ton of options. Kikoff worked and I still don't know how. Up to 700 after a year. Sammy Detroit, MI i couldn't get a car to save my life n Kikoff helped get me from 545 to like 6 something in like 2 months. def worked for me!!!! thank yoouuuuu ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Lila Atlanta, GA My credit was in the 400s.... I didn't even know credit could go that low. Now it's in the 600s. Don't even think about it, just sign up. Keshawn Oakland, CA Have questions? Can I use my Kikoff tradeline on things like gas or groceries? No. Your Kikoff Tradeline 1 is designed exclusively for building credit and can’t be spent outside of Kikoff. Can Kikoff guarantee better credit? No, credit ratings 1 are based on multiple factors, and Kikoff is only a part of your entire credit story. Late payments must be reported to the credit bureaus, which can hurt your credit. Consistent, on-time payments are the best way to ensure positive reporting - that’s why Kikoff has tools like Autopay, which make on-time payments a breeze. Are Kikoff plans a Secured Credit Card? No. The Kikoff plans 1 are exclusively for building and monitoring credit. Kikoff offers a secured card 3 , but it is a separate service available to our Premium and Ultimate users 1 . Do I get my money back at the end of my Kikoff plan? You do not get money back after completing your Kikoff Credit Service 1 plan, it is not a credit builder loan. Ready to score? + 86 pts* On avg for users with starting credit under 600 in a year with on time payments Build credit fast Build credit fast No Credit Check. No interest. Kikoff services may result in bank fees when customer accounts are debited. Banks may charge nonsufficient fund fees, overdraft fees, or other fees. Credit cards may also incur interest charges. Kikoff is not responsible for any bank fees. Competitor secured credit cards refers to secured credit cards other than Kikoff. Get Started Copyright © 2025, Kikoff® Kikoff Inc NMLS ID# 1930930 1 (844) 741-9292 ‍Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information English Spanish (Mexico) Explore How it Works Credit Account Rent Reporting Secured Credit Card Debt Negotiation Download FAQs Pricing Blog Company About Us Press Partners Partners Careers Terms Privacy CCB Privacy Notice Licenses California Privacy Policy Affiliate Language: En Es +1 (844) 741-9292 * Average first-year credit score impact of +86 points between Aug-2024 & Aug-2025 for Kikoff Credit Account users who started with a score below 600; who paid on-time; and who had no delinquencies or collections added to their credit profile during the period. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Individual results may vary. Individual results may vary. Subject to approval & identity verification. For Kikoff Credit Service, plans start at $5/month for 12 months, for a total of $60, billed monthly. Features may vary depending on the plan purchased. Kikoff tradeline available in Kikoff Credit Account is intended exclusively for financing credit-building purchases via the Kikoff Store. Additional terms and conditions may apply. Cancel anytime. Late or missed payments will have a negative impact on your credit. Make on-time payments to maintain account health. The total of 80 million points increased represents the total combined credit score (VantageScore 3.0) points gained across all Kikoff users between Jan-2019 & July-2025. Individual results may vary. Kikoff Inc. is a financial technology company “Fin-Tech”, not a bank. Banking Services provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured bank. FDIC insurance is available through pass-through insurance at Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC, if certain conditions have been met. The Kikoff Mastercard® is issued by Coastal Community Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Learn more by visiting Coastal Community Bank at coastalbank.com/privacy-center. Use of the Kikoff Secured Card is governed by the Kikoff Secured Credit Card Agreement . The Kikoff Secured Credit Card Merchant Cash Back Program is governed by the Kikoff Merchant Cashback Program Addendum and provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC. Direct deposit required to unlock overdraft protection. Overdraft limit is determined by card usage and other risk factors. Early access to direct deposit funds depends on the timing of the payer’s submission of deposits and is not guaranteed. Secured Credit Card reports payment history to Equifax, Experian and TransUnion on a monthly basis. Minimum deposit of $50 is required to be reported to the credit bureaus. Secured Credit Card does not report a credit limit. New Mexico residents only – TO REPORT A PROBLEM OR COMPLAINT WITH THIS LENDER YOU MAY WRITE OR CALL Compliance Director at P.O. Box 40070, Reno, NV 89504; (775) 993-6992.; or at support@kikoff.com. This lender is licensed and regulated by the New Mexico Regulation and Licensing Department, Financial Institutions Division, P.O. Box 25101, 2550 Cerrillos Road, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504. To report any unresolved problems or complaints, contact the division by telephone at (505) 476-4885 or visit the website http://www.rld.nm.gov/financial-institutions/.