Kimsufi: Low-cost dedicated servers Open menu Notifications Back to menu No pending order No pending ticket Control Panel Kimsufi servers OVHcloud World [$] Back to menu Europe Deutschland [€] España [€] France [€] Ireland [€] Italia [€] Nederland [€] Polska [PLN] Portugal [€] United Kingdom [£] America Canada (en) [$] Canada (fr) [$] United States [$] América Latina [$] Africa Maroc [Dhs] Sénégal [FCFA] Tunisie [DT] Oceania Australia [A$] Asia Singapore [S$] Asia [US$] India [₹] World World [$] World [€] Open login menu Welcome to OVHcloud. Log in to order, manage your products and services, and track your orders. Control Panel Affordable dedicated server Find our Kimsufi servers in the OVHcloud Eco range Kimsufi no longer offers products on this website. Our Kimsufi dedicated servers are now available under the OVHcloud Eco brand. Discover OVHcloud Eco, our cost-effective and high-performing solution. Discover our Eco servers Explore our selection of Kimsufi servers KS-5 $19.90 /month Installation fees: Free Configurer ✓ Intel Xeon-E3 1270 v6 ✓ 4c/8t - 3.8 GHz/4.2 GHz ✓ From 2 x  2 TB  HDD SATA Soft RAID to 2 x  450 GB  SSD NVMe Soft RAID ✓ From 32 GB DDR4  ECC 2400 MHz to 64 GB DDR4  ECC 2400 MHz ✓ 300 Mbps public bandwidth KS-GAME $32.10 /month Installation fees: Free Configurer ✓ Intel Core i7-7700K ✓ 4c/8t - 4.2 GHz/4.5 GHz ✓ 2 x  450 GB  SSD NVMe Soft RAID + 1 x  4 TB  HDD SATA Soft RAID ✓ From 32 GB DDR4  2133 MHz to 64 GB DDR4  2133 MHz ✓ 300 Mbps public bandwidth KS-STOR $26.60 /month Installation fees: Free Configure ✓ Intel Xeon-D 1521 ✓ 4c/8t - 2.4 GHz/2.7 GHz ✓ From 4 x  4 TB  HDD SATA Soft RAID + 1 x  500 GB  SSD NVMe Soft RAID to 4 x  6 TB  HDD SATA Soft RAID + 1 x  500 GB  SSD NVMe Soft RAID ✓ 16 GB DDR4  ECC 2133 MHz ✓ 500 Mbps public bandwidth Show more servers Migrate your servers to OVHcloud for an improved experience Your customer account has not been migrated to OVHcloud yet due to technical issues. To manage your server from the OVHcloud Control Panel, please migrate your data to a server purchased directly from ovhcloud.com . By choosing a server on our main platform, you can take advantage of  optimised management, and enjoy access to the latest innovations. Explore our Eco range Kimsufi services migrated to OVHcloud Kimsufi services are now integrated with OVHcloud, offering new benefits and centralised management. Here are the products that were originally provided by Kimsufi on the OVHcloud website. Dedicated servers Kimsufi continues to provide dedicated servers, now as part of the OVHcloud Eco range. This is based on a sustainable model and is divided into three sub-ranges: Kimsufi, So you Start, and Rise. Each sub-range is built to deliver cost-effective solutions without sacrificing performance. Know more about the Eco range VPS The Kimsufi VPS solution no longer exists. It has been replaced by OVHcloud’s VPS Starter solution, which offers a cost-effective way to test VPS services, with the added benefits of OVHcloud’s reliability and performance. Explore the VPS Starter solution Web hosting The Kimsufi web hosting plan has been replaced by the OVHcloud Starter solution. This option is ideal if you are looking to start your own website, as it offers affordable web hosting services. Explore the Starter Hosting plan OVHcloud Eco range Our concept: To deliver affordable server offerings via a circular economy. We have always designed our own servers, taking care to select the best components for their performance and durability. Each disassembled component is analysed and tested for potential reuse in other solutions. Our Eco range is built on the principles of this circular economy, enabling us to offer servers at highly competitive prices while adopting a sustainable approach. OVHcloud Eco servers contribute to a circular and sustainable economy, thanks to their cost-effective, high-performance hosting and cloud solutions. Learn more about the Eco concept and OVHcloud. Find out more about Eco servers Your questions answered Why consolidate the Kimsufi and So you Start brands on the OVHcloud website? Brands were built over time to align with changing customer needs. The Rise, So you Start and Kimsufi ranges are similar to the various Advance range generations, available on the ovhcloud.com . Several brands were created to differentiate between server generations, as they were not always intended for the same uses. To meet our customers’ ever-changing needs, we have decided to merge the three ranges into one, and reuse first-generation servers to power our Eco range. We will continue using the original names of the ranges to make it easier for you to find them —  Rise (2 nd life), So you Start (3 rd life) and Kimsufi (4 th life). What is the difference between the different Eco ranges (Rise, So you Start, and Kimsufi) on OVHcloud? The Rise range is specially made for second-generation servers, which are perfect for simple, resource-light projects. The So you Start range offers third-generation servers, adapted to business applications that require more power. Lastly, the Kimsufi range offers fourth-generation servers, which are an excellent fit for resource-intensive projects that prioritise both high performance and affordability. Each range offers specific features for various needs. How do I contact the technical support included with my server? You can submit a support ticket if you bought your Kimsufi servers on kimsufi.com. If you bought your servers on OVHcloud , you can also reach us by phone. For more information, visit our support page. Why hasn’t my Kimsufi customer account been automatically migrated to OVHcloud yet? The automatic migration of your customer account, planned for end 2022, could not be carried out due to technical issues. If you would like to manage your server from the OVHcloud Control Panel, please migrate your data to a server purchased directly on eco.ovhcloud.com . You can now familiarise yourself with the OVHcloud Control Panel . Can I use my Kimsufi account to place an order on eco.ovhcloud.com? No, when you order your new server on eco.ovhcloud.com , you will be prompted to create a new OVHcloud account. However, you can keep your old Kimsufi accounts to manage the servers you purchased on the kimsufi.com . What does it mean for me now that Kimsufi servers are sold in the OVHcloud Eco range? If you are a Kimsufi customer, you can continue managing your server via the usual Control Panel, and get the same services, options, and technical support. You can keep your dedicated server for as long as you want, until you decide to cancel it. Can I continue managing my server as usual via the Control Panel? Yes, Kimsufi dedicated servers can be managed from the OVHcloud Control Panel on kimsufi.com . Currently, there are no changes being made, and we will not be shutting down any of the websites. The Control Panel will also remain as it is for now. Can I upgrade my solution (additional IP addresses and storage space)? If so, until when? Yes. Depending on the range of your dedicated server, you can access the options available in the OVHcloud Control Panel. In the event of a technical failure, will my dedicated server components be replaced? We deliver on our commitments. In the event of a technical issue, our team will intervene to replace any faulty components. How do I contact the technical support included with my server? You can only submit a support ticket if you bought your servers on kimsufi.com . Back to top Products Servers VPS Web hosting Useful links Control Panel Eco So you Start OVHcloud Social networks © Copyright 1999-2025 OVH SAS. Terms & conditions Cookie policy About OVHcloud The Kimsufi trademark and all other OVHcloud trademarks appearing on this website, are registered trademarks held by OVH LTD. All other trademarks appearing on this website are the property of their owners.