The power of Intent - A Commerce Media Company - Kindred Kindred Solutions Commerce Monetization Audience Logic Commerce AD Network for AI Partners About Us Blog Kindred - powering AI monetization As conversational interfaces replace search, and as AI-generated content becomes the new UX layer, AI companies face an urgent question: how will models monetize? Kindred provides the answer by turning conversation into conversion. AI is most powerful when it meets people in their natural flow. Browsers remain the daily gateway for billions of users. Every journey carrying context that AI can enrich. Kindred enables developers to bring these AI-driven experiences natively into the browsers & Agents we all know and use. Kindred already powers many of the browsers used today, applying coupons at checkout without requiring special integrations. Its machine learning models classify pages and process SKU-level data in real time, creating a strong foundation for AI-powered browsing assistance. Find out More Kindred monetizes shopper intent, c onnecting o ver 100,000 Advertisers , in 52 countries and 16 Languages across 450m devices globally and growing. Commerce Ad network for AI Monetize your AI platform with zero friction. Kindred offers a plug-and-play MCP (Model Context Protocol) server that instantly connects your AI agents to thousands of advertisers. Serve contextually relevant content aligned with user intent. When your AI detects what a user is asking for, Kindred generates a privacy safe summary of that intent, enabling advertisers to bid in real time to provide highly relevant content to enrich AI responses. Enhance AI responses with quality-signaled context. Instead of standard ads, Kindred weaves in advertiser supplied information into AI outputs, adding value to the conversation and improving experiences with high quality, timely context. Transform AI tools into revenue-generating experiences. By embedding Kindred’s ad network, developers from browser extensions to AI agents, can create value for users and earn revenue without compromising response quality. Commerce Monetisation AI powered self learning coupon technology ensuring users get relevant working coupon codes and offers in real time We empower AI agents, browsers and LLM's to be part of your users’ shopping journey, adding value to your users by giving them access to deals globally while you earn incremental revenue when they shop. Transform browsers and extensions into AI-powered assistants that understand user context. Generate incremental revenue through non intrusive ad placements. Leverage proven infrastructure already serving 100,000+ merchants and millions of users. For years, browser and extension developers have faced limited monetization options. Kindred opens a new path: AI experiences that deliver true user value and sustainable revenue, with contextual ads that guide decision making rather than interrupt it. Audience Logic Advertisers can now find high intent shoppers in real time at scale, with Audience Logic. Kindred makes users shopper data available to advertisers to drive ROAS and contextual relevance, as well as aggregated data for models and LLM's to use in support of shopping journeys Advertisers & AI LLM's can access insights across more than 100,000+ merchants sites on the open web, as well as codes and vouchers to enrich responses License data into your own internal products and tools . K indred’s AI Commerce Media Network represents the next wave of innovation in advertising. company Apr 21, 2025 3:59:59 AM The Trade Desk and Audience Logic Partner to Remix Spotify Campaigns with High-Intent Commerce Data News Sep 23, 2022 7:15:58 AM Kindred partners with O2 for 'Feel Good Shopping Feature' News Mar 2, 2024 8:20:51 AM From Vision to Reality: Kindred's Growth to 150 Million Monthly Active Users company Mar 6, 2024 9:45:55 AM Xiaomi’s International Internet Business Department and Kindred Forge Partnership to Drive Compelling UX Experiences A single scaled technology stack Enabling advertisers to leverage shopper data at scale to drive ROAS on the open web Kindred addresses 450 million shoppers via exclusive distribution partnerships with OEMs, Telco companies and AI companies. Kindred captures demand from 100,000+ Brands and Merchants through partnerships and API integrations with more than 130 affiliate networks around the globe. The Power of Intent SOLUTIONS Commerce Monetization Audience Logic Commerce AD Network for AI Partners Partners COMPANY About Us Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Terms & Conditions Copyright © Kindred Soul Ltd 2024. All rights reserved. Cookie Settings