King.com - Play the Most Popular & Fun Games Online! Skip to content Navigation menu burger icon Home Games Back Games Candy Crush Saga Candy Crush Soda Saga Farm Heroes Saga Candy Crush Solitaire Pet Rescue Saga Candy Crush Jelly Saga Bubble Witch 3 Saga Candy Crush Friends Saga Farm Heroes Super Saga Diamond Diaries Saga Pyramid Solitaire Saga Bubble Witch 2 Saga Blossom Blast Saga Jobs Redeem Gift Cards Community Corporate Back Corporate Posts Team Press Kit Compliance Home Page Play now Play now Play our fun and popular games! In the Kingdom you’ll find the best games to play in your browser, as well as our game apps. Play on your computer, mobile or tablet and simply sync your progress. King games are easy to pick up, but hard to put down! So get ready to have fun and enter the Kingdom! All games Play video View Jobs! Featured Games CandySolitaire Candy Crush Solitaire Solitaire just got sweeter. Dive into a brand-new world where the legendary card game meets yours truly, Candy Crush! CandyCrushSoda Candy Crush Soda Saga Switch and match your way through this sodalicious adventure to help Kimmy find her sister Tiffi. FarmHeroes Farm Heroes Saga Escape to the countryside and recharge your batteries with engaging puzzles Previous Slide / Next slide 47 open positions Come work at King Want to help us create the games people love to play? We know a great saga needs all sorts of heroes, so come on in and have a look at our open positions. View Jobs! King.com King is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world, with people all around the world playing one or more of our games. We have developed more than 200 fun titles, offering games that are enjoyed all around the world. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information California Privacy Notice Home Games Jobs Corporate and Media Contact support Community Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Instagram Next slide Previous Slide English Svenska Norsk Dansk Suomi Deutsch Nederlands Español Français Italiano Português do Brasil Türkçe 日本語 繁體中文 简体中文 한국어 Hrvatski Polskie Čeština Română Slovenský Magyar русский ภาษาไทย Bahasa Indonesia Tiếng Việt اَلْعَرَبِيَّة English Svenska Norsk Dansk Suomi Deutsch Nederlands Español Français Italiano Português do Brasil Türkçe 日本語 繁體中文 简体中文 한국어 Hrvatski Polskie Čeština Română Slovenský Magyar русский ภาษาไทย Bahasa Indonesia Tiếng Việt اَلْعَرَبِيَّة © 2025 King.com Ltd. King, the King crown logo, the game names and related marks are trade marks of King.com Ltd or related entities. All rights reserved