Kiro: Agentic AI development from prototype to production Loading image... CLI Powers Autonomous agent Enterprise Pricing Docs Resources SIGN IN DOWNLOADS Loading image... New: Powers add specialized context and tools A g e n t i c A I d e v e l o p m e n t f r o m p r o t o t y p e t o p r o d u c t i o n Agentic AI development from prototype to production Kiro helps you do your best work by bringing structure to AI coding with spec-driven development. Downloads Watch Demo Tame complexity with spec-driven development, advanced steering, and custom agents Kiro gives developers and teams the structure and speed to 10x their output. Build precise context and make your intent explicit with executable specs . Unleash advanced agents to fix bugs in minutes, iterate on features faster, and solve tough technical problems across the most complex codebases. Loading image... Natural prompt to structured requirements Kiro takes your natural language prompt and turns it into clear requirements and acceptance criteria in EARS notation , making your intent and constraints explicit. Loading image... Architectural designs backed by best practices Once you’ve iterated on requirements, Kiro analyzes your codebase and comes up with the architecture, system design, and tech stack that meets your needs. Loading image... Discrete tasks that map to requirements Kiro then creates an implementation plan with discreet tasks, sequenced based on dependencies, with optional comprehensive tests. Ask Kiro to implement each task using advanced agents , and watch the magic happen. Conversation to code to deployment, directly from the terminal Access Kiro agents in your favorite terminal. Build features, automate workflows in seconds, analyze errors, trace bugs, and suggest fixes locally or over SSH—all in a terminal of your choice, in a highly interactive loop that keeps you in flow. Learn more about CLI Install on macOS and Linux curl -fsSL https://cli.kiro.dev/install | bash Loading image... Terminal — 80×24 Automate tasks with agent hooks Delegate tasks to AI agents that trigger on events such as file save. Agents autonomously execute in the background based on your pre-defined prompts , helping you scale your work by generating documentation, unit tests, or optimizing code performance. Learn more about hooks Loading image... { EVERYTHING YOU NEED } Go from vibe coding to viable code Built for working with agents Multimodal chat , spec-driven development , agent hooks - Kiro gives you the best tool for the job in a fresh development experience that still feels familiar. Advanced context management With specs , steering , and smart context management , Kiro understands the intent behind your prompts and helps you implement complex features on larger codebases, in fewer shots. Native MCP support Connect to docs, databases, APIs, and more with native MCP integration , including remote, so you can bring your world where you work. Your code, your rules Configure how you want Kiro agents to interact with each project, or globally, via steering files . Add context, coding standards, preferred workflows or tools with a simple command. Powered by the state of the art Choose between Claude Sonnet 4.5 for reliable advanced coding and reasoning, or Auto , which uses a mix of frontier models (like Sonnet 4.5 and other specialized models) for intent detection and caching to balance quality, latency, and cost. Compatible with VS Code Kiro supports Open VSX plugins, themes, and VS Code settings in a streamlined AI-ready environment. Strap in with autopilot mode Let Kiro autonomously run large tasks on its own without needing step-by-step instructions. You stay in control, especially when running scripts or commands. Per prompt credit usage See how many credits each prompt consumes, in real-time, so you're always in control of your spend. Show, don’t tell Drop an image of your UI design or a photo of your architecture whiteboarding session, and Kiro can use it to guide its implementation. Generate Git commit messages Draft commit messages using the agent directly from the source control pane with a single click. Intelligent error diagnostics Kiro can read and interpret syntax, type, and semantic errors, making it easier to iterate and fix bugs. Witness the magic with code diffs See code changes as they happen. Approve everything, step through each change, or make edits with one click. With enterprise-grade security and privacy, you can ship your best work with confidence. Learn more Trusted by engineers worldwide As a startup co-founder and CTO, time is the most important resource. Kiro justifies the use of my time for developing our business critical assets in-house. RO Rolf Koski CTO & Co-Founder In my role designing AWS Cloud and AI solutions with Terraform and Python, spec-driven development with Kiro has brought code relevancy and quality to a whole new level. We’ve accelerated feature development dramatically, reducing time to customer value from weeks to days. We are excited to welcome Kiro as our newest team member. HÅ Håkon Eriksen Drange Principal Cloud Architect Kiro is a strong ally for startups. It naturally turns overlooked docs and specs into robust assets, making growth smoother and future scaling more effective. KE Kento Ikeda Founder & Engineer I use Kiro for everything - drafting new Terraform modules, tweaking container setups, even writing down random AI ideas at 2 am. But more than anything, it supports how I learn. I’m endlessly curious, and Kiro helps me stay in that learning loop—tinkering, breaking things, fixing them, and then allowing me to share what I learn back with the community. AD Adit Modi Solution Architect I’ve been blown away by Kiro’s capabilities. The agentic experience is really transformative. From the multimodal inputs that understand context to the complete lifecycle control within the IDE, it feels like I’m working with a senior developer. VI Vivek Velso Cloud Engineering Lead Most tools are great at generating code, but Kiro gives structure to the chaos before you write a single line. FA Farah Abdirahman Cloud & AI Engineer In roughly two days, I built a secure file sharing application from scratch. By simply sharing my requirements with Kiro, I was able to create a fully secure application that incorporates encryption and various security coding practices—no additional prompts needed. IH Ihor Sasovets Lead Security Engineer I often forget to add unit tests, or update documentation when pushing changes, but with Kiro I can create a hook and it will automatically run those tasks in the background for me, never having to think twice. DA Darya Petrashka Senior Data Scientist As an open source developer, I typically don’t build games, but last night I was able to create one using Kiro. I didn’t have to think too hard about implementation since Kiro handled the logic and enabled me to write code quickly and accurately. MI Michael Walmsley Serverless Application Architect Kiro lowers the barrier to entry, whether that be, you don’t even know how to code, you’re new to coding, or you’re like me and you’re just learning a new tech stack. If something doesn’t make sense to you, or you feel like you are asking a silly question, ask Kiro anyway! DA Danielle Heberling Founding Infrastructure Engineer Kiro comes equipped with all the best practices that I would put in my specs, and builds me the application I want, faster. BL Blake Romano Senior Software Engineer Thanks to Kiro’s spec-driven development, I was able to go from concept to working prototype in a single weekend. DA Dakota Lewallen Software Engineer In just four lines into a spec, Kiro was able to write user stories like a product manager and capture so many details that I didn’t even need to mention, saving me several days of work. SA Sathiesh Veera Principal Software Engineer Kiro isn’t just speeding up my work – it’s making me write better code, think more systematically about architecture, and deliver higher quality results while automated workflows happen seamlessly in the background. AN Anuj Tyagi Developer Kiro is just more than code. Aside from just listening to prompts and doing things, it can actually work on tasks based on predefined triggers, making the development experience more efficient. SR Sreekesh Iyer Software Engineer As a startup co-founder and CTO, time is the most important resource. Kiro justifies the use of my time for developing our business critical assets in-house. RO Rolf Koski CTO & Co-Founder In my role designing AWS Cloud and AI solutions with Terraform and Python, spec-driven development with Kiro has brought code relevancy and quality to a whole new level. We’ve accelerated feature development dramatically, reducing time to customer value from weeks to days. We are excited to welcome Kiro as our newest team member. HÅ Håkon Eriksen Drange Principal Cloud Architect Kiro is a strong ally for startups. It naturally turns overlooked docs and specs into robust assets, making growth smoother and future scaling more effective. KE Kento Ikeda Founder & Engineer I use Kiro for everything - drafting new Terraform modules, tweaking container setups, even writing down random AI ideas at 2 am. But more than anything, it supports how I learn. I’m endlessly curious, and Kiro helps me stay in that learning loop—tinkering, breaking things, fixing them, and then allowing me to share what I learn back with the community. AD Adit Modi Solution Architect I’ve been blown away by Kiro’s capabilities. The agentic experience is really transformative. From the multimodal inputs that understand context to the complete lifecycle control within the IDE, it feels like I’m working with a senior developer. VI Vivek Velso Cloud Engineering Lead Most tools are great at generating code, but Kiro gives structure to the chaos before you write a single line. FA Farah Abdirahman Cloud & AI Engineer In roughly two days, I built a secure file sharing application from scratch. By simply sharing my requirements with Kiro, I was able to create a fully secure application that incorporates encryption and various security coding practices—no additional prompts needed. IH Ihor Sasovets Lead Security Engineer I often forget to add unit tests, or update documentation when pushing changes, but with Kiro I can create a hook and it will automatically run those tasks in the background for me, never having to think twice. DA Darya Petrashka Senior Data Scientist As an open source developer, I typically don’t build games, but last night I was able to create one using Kiro. I didn’t have to think too hard about implementation since Kiro handled the logic and enabled me to write code quickly and accurately. MI Michael Walmsley Serverless Application Architect Kiro lowers the barrier to entry, whether that be, you don’t even know how to code, you’re new to coding, or you’re like me and you’re just learning a new tech stack. If something doesn’t make sense to you, or you feel like you are asking a silly question, ask Kiro anyway! DA Danielle Heberling Founding Infrastructure Engineer Kiro comes equipped with all the best practices that I would put in my specs, and builds me the application I want, faster. BL Blake Romano Senior Software Engineer Thanks to Kiro’s spec-driven development, I was able to go from concept to working prototype in a single weekend. DA Dakota Lewallen Software Engineer In just four lines into a spec, Kiro was able to write user stories like a product manager and capture so many details that I didn’t even need to mention, saving me several days of work. SA Sathiesh Veera Principal Software Engineer Kiro isn’t just speeding up my work – it’s making me write better code, think more systematically about architecture, and deliver higher quality results while automated workflows happen seamlessly in the background. AN Anuj Tyagi Developer Kiro is just more than code. Aside from just listening to prompts and doing things, it can actually work on tasks based on predefined triggers, making the development experience more efficient. SR Sreekesh Iyer Software Engineer As a startup co-founder and CTO, time is the most important resource. Kiro justifies the use of my time for developing our business critical assets in-house. RO Rolf Koski CTO & Co-Founder In my role designing AWS Cloud and AI solutions with Terraform and Python, spec-driven development with Kiro has brought code relevancy and quality to a whole new level. We’ve accelerated feature development dramatically, reducing time to customer value from weeks to days. We are excited to welcome Kiro as our newest team member. HÅ Håkon Eriksen Drange Principal Cloud Architect Kiro is a strong ally for startups. It naturally turns overlooked docs and specs into robust assets, making growth smoother and future scaling more effective. KE Kento Ikeda Founder & Engineer I use Kiro for everything - drafting new Terraform modules, tweaking container setups, even writing down random AI ideas at 2 am. But more than anything, it supports how I learn. I’m endlessly curious, and Kiro helps me stay in that learning loop—tinkering, breaking things, fixing them, and then allowing me to share what I learn back with the community. AD Adit Modi Solution Architect I’ve been blown away by Kiro’s capabilities. The agentic experience is really transformative. From the multimodal inputs that understand context to the complete lifecycle control within the IDE, it feels like I’m working with a senior developer. VI Vivek Velso Cloud Engineering Lead Most tools are great at generating code, but Kiro gives structure to the chaos before you write a single line. FA Farah Abdirahman Cloud & AI Engineer In roughly two days, I built a secure file sharing application from scratch. By simply sharing my requirements with Kiro, I was able to create a fully secure application that incorporates encryption and various security coding practices—no additional prompts needed. IH Ihor Sasovets Lead Security Engineer I often forget to add unit tests, or update documentation when pushing changes, but with Kiro I can create a hook and it will automatically run those tasks in the background for me, never having to think twice. DA Darya Petrashka Senior Data Scientist As an open source developer, I typically don’t build games, but last night I was able to create one using Kiro. I didn’t have to think too hard about implementation since Kiro handled the logic and enabled me to write code quickly and accurately. MI Michael Walmsley Serverless Application Architect Kiro lowers the barrier to entry, whether that be, you don’t even know how to code, you’re new to coding, or you’re like me and you’re just learning a new tech stack. If something doesn’t make sense to you, or you feel like you are asking a silly question, ask Kiro anyway! DA Danielle Heberling Founding Infrastructure Engineer Kiro comes equipped with all the best practices that I would put in my specs, and builds me the application I want, faster. BL Blake Romano Senior Software Engineer Thanks to Kiro’s spec-driven development, I was able to go from concept to working prototype in a single weekend. DA Dakota Lewallen Software Engineer In just four lines into a spec, Kiro was able to write user stories like a product manager and capture so many details that I didn’t even need to mention, saving me several days of work. SA Sathiesh Veera Principal Software Engineer Kiro isn’t just speeding up my work – it’s making me write better code, think more systematically about architecture, and deliver higher quality results while automated workflows happen seamlessly in the background. AN Anuj Tyagi Developer Kiro is just more than code. Aside from just listening to prompts and doing things, it can actually work on tasks based on predefined triggers, making the development experience more efficient. SR Sreekesh Iyer Software Engineer Get started fast with quick guides Loading image... Learn by playing: create a video game In this guide, you will learn how to use Kiro by completing tasks in the codebase for a sample video game called Spirit of Kiro. { Blog } Does your code match your spec? { Guide } Your first project Common questions What is Kiro? What is Kiro? Kiro is an agentic AI with an [IDE](/docs/) and [CLI](/docs/cli/) that helps you go from prototype to production with spec-driven development. From simple to complex tasks, Kiro works alongside you to turn prompts into detailed specs, then into working code, docs, and tests—so what you build is exactly what you want and ready to share with your team. Kiro’s agents help you solve challenging problems and automate tasks like generating documentation and unit tests. With Kiro, you can build beyond prototypes while being in the driver’s seat every step of the way. What is spec-driven development? How is it different from vibe coding? What is spec-driven development? How is it different from vibe coding? Developing with specs keeps the fun of vibe coding, but fixes some of its limitations: vibe coding can require too much guidance on complex tasks or when building on top of large codebases, and it can misinterpret context. When implementing a task with vibe coding, it’s difficult to keep track of all the decisions that were made along the way, and document them for your team. By using specs, Kiro works alongside you to define requirements, system design, and tasks to be implemented before writing any code. This approach explicitly documents the reasoning and implementation decisions, so Kiro can implement more complex tasks in fewer shots. How can I get started with Kiro? How can I get started with Kiro? Kiro works as a standalone agentic [IDE](/docs/) or [CLI](/docs/cli). [Download](/downloads/) the installer for your operating system, and log in with GitHub, Google, AWS Builder ID, or AWS IAM Identity Center. You do not need an AWS account to use Kiro. For more, see [documentation](/docs). What programming languages does Kiro support? What programming languages does Kiro support? Kiro supports a variety of programming languages that developers use in their day to day work. This list includes, but is not limited to Python, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C#, Go, Rust, PHP, Ruby, Kotlin, C, C++, shell scripting, SQL, Scala, JSON, YAML, and HCL. What languages can I ask questions in? What languages can I ask questions in? Kiro is currently optimized for English language conversations and interactions. Support for additional languages is coming soon. Can I import settings from my existing IDE? Can I import settings from my existing IDE? Kiro is based on Code OSS, so you can [import your VS Code settings, themes, and Open VSX compatible plugins](/docs/guides/migrating-from-vscode/) in the Kiro onboarding flow. Browse all FAQs Build something real in minutes Get started for free Downloads Loading image... Product About Kiro CLI Powers Autonomous agent Pricing Downloads For Enterprise Startups Resources Documentation Blog Changelog FAQs Report a bug Suggest an idea Billing support Social Site Terms License Responsible AI Policy Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences