Kissmetrics: Event Analytics for Web, Mobile and More Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Product Pricing Customer Stories Resources Blog Documentation Request Demo Sign In Get Started scroll to unlock potential Toggle navigation Product Pricing Customer Stories Resources Blog Documentation Unlock unlimited revenue potential Simple analytics that track human behavior to increase revenue Get Started For Free Request Demo Track Human Behavior Improve Engagement Drive Revenue Growth Trusted By Keep It Super Simple We've made it simple to track behavior, find bottlenecks, reduce customer churn, and increase revenue Tie Every Action To A Human Tying every action to a human makes it extremely easy to track the success of your marketing across multiple channels. Multi-Channel Attribution Figure out which avenues of marketing in your customer's journey ultimately lead to a conversion. Today's customers interact with companies through a multitude of different touch points, including social media, search engines and backlinks. A/B Test Different Flows Test different user flows to see which sequences work best. Segment your customers based on common behaviors, personalize messaging and improve engagement Reduce Churn Discover and improve how your customers are experiencing your product to reduce churn and increase revenue. Email Automation Tie every action to an automated email flow to increase engagement Schedule A Demo Why Keep It Super Simple? We've made it simple to track behavior, find bottlenecks, reduce customer churn, and increase revenue Trusted by 10,000+ companies With $10 billion in transaction volume and millions of tracked events daily our award winning analytics have been leading the industry since 2010. 4.5/5 G2 & Capterra 9.2/10 TrustRadius “Google Analytics didn’t let me make sufficient actionable decisions, so I tried Kissmetrics. The result? 120% increased monthly revenue.” Alex Chaffey CEO @ Smart Insights "Understanding the entire customer lifecycle in Kissmetrics – from discovery to purchase – is crucial for increasing our conversions." Taylor Coil Marketing Manager @ Tortuga "Kissmetrics provided us the ability to track unique events and segment who the users are and what each user is doing. Google Analytics doesn’t allow that." Alex Acker Senior Manager, Marketing & Insights @ Ntiro "We saw a 25% boost in trial engagement using Kissmetrics Cohort Reports. Kissmetrics showed us that with our redesigned trial wizard, new users were actively using the product earlier in their trial, and using more of the features in the product." David Shackelford Project Manager @ Pagerduty Tie Every Action To A Human Tying every action to a human makes it extremely easy to track the success of your marketing across multiple channels. Multi-Channel Attribution Figure out which avenues of marketing in your customer's journey ultimately lead to a conversion. Today's customers interact with companies through a multitude of different touch points, including social media, search engines and backlinks. A/B Test Different Flows A/B test different designs and flows to see which sequences work best for your customers. Reduce Churn Discover and improve how your customers are experiencing your product to reduce churn and increase revenue Visualize Your Funnel Track your entire funnel to analyze feature usage, active users, page views, and more to gain valuable insights into customer behavior, optimize your strategies, and drive success for your business Keep Customer Data Private Protect your customer data from end to end. Kissmetrics is designed to keep all your customer's information safe and confidential. Simple Dashboard Tie every action to a human. Gain deep insights from all your customer data with one easy to use dashboard. Simple Integrations Run reports easily from one place without having to stitch together spreadsheets Easily Integrate To Find Top Spenders Integrate with top apps to discover the characteristics that define your "big spenders" and what they all have in common Visualize Your Funnel Track your entire funnel to analyze feature usage, active users, page views, and more to gain valuable insights into customer behavior, optimize your strategies, and drive success for your business Increase Repeat Purchases Measure customer lifetime value by category and generate award winning reports on revenue Improve Free-to-Paid Conversions Identify the features and content that are driving sales and increase your conversion rate to generate more revenue per customer Adoption Times Track a user's time to sign up and the time it takes for new feature adoption to improve retention and decrease churn Simple Pricing No complex pricing or hidden customer support fees. Talk to sales View All Features Talk to sales Most Popular Plans PLAN Features All plans are designed to be simple and flexible Monthly Events Number of Seats Populations Reports Expert Onboarding Customer Support Silver $299/mo For small businesses looking to grow Get Started Up to 2M 2 5 Gold $499/mo For mid sized businesses looking to scale Get Started Up to 5M 5 10 Platinum Custom For agencies, large teams, & enterprises Get Started Over 5M+ Custom Custom Silver $299/mo For small teams Get Started Up to 2M Events 2 User Seats 1 Domain Tracked 5 Populations Reports Onboarding Expert Customer Support Gold $499/mo For larger teams Get Started Up to 5M Events 5 User Seats 3 Domains Tracked 10 Populations Reports Onboarding Expert Customer Support Platinum Custom For enterprise Get Started 5M+ Events Unlimited User Seats Unlimited Domains Tracked Unlimited Populations Reports Onboarding Expert Customer Support Signup today and unlock more revenue. It's simple. Get Started For Free Request Demo Blog Pricing FAQs Privacy Terms ©2025 Kissmetrics Inc Explore Drag Loading... ×