Connected TV Advertising for Hispanic Audiences | Kivi What We Do Kivi Content Kivi Ad Manager Let’s Talk Connected TV advertising, built for Hispanic audiences Reach, engage and convert U.S. Hispanic and LATAM viewers with culturally relevant content, precision targeting, and real-time analytics. Contact us Our trusted clients We make finding hispanic audiences easy We specialize in authentic, culturally relevant content for U.S. Hispanic households. Exclusive Live Sports in Spanish Access to 50+ premium Spanish-language publishers Shoppable TV, QR codes, dynamic creative, bilingual targeting Retargeting across mobile, desktop, social and DOOH Owned & Operated Spanish-language FAST Channels Kivi Live Sports is bringing US Hispanic fans closers to the action Exclusive Kivi Live is an exclussive collection of professional live sports directly from the rights holders in Spanish for US fans Volume Millions of live impressions per month in Spanish and millions available for retargeting All Platforms Users can access on all CTV platforms (Roku, LG, Samsung, etc) with the majority of our content behind a paywall which eliminates fraud Reach The largest inventory of daily live sports coverage with over 5,000 events available in all DMA’s across the US Kivi’s Premier Live Sports Network Kivi Fast Channels are inspiring, entertaining and fueling passions Kivi Docs Documentaries & information 100+ Hours of highly-engaging documentaries and factual shows - from mind-bending history to compelling social issues and pop culture phenomena, our slate of original storytelling resonates with diverse audiences. Kivi Inspira Entertainment, music & lifestyle A channel featuring 100+ hours of content and 30+ shows that inspire and uplift viewers through a blend of entertainment and enrichment for those seeking joy, hope, and a deeper understanding of the human experience. Kivi Delito Crime, passion & mystery Feeding the passion of true crime junkles, Delito offers true crime drama and documentaries, thrillers and action - packed crime & justice. Additional content Monitor performance live with log-level data and full-funnel visibility. Wide inventory Access to premium spanish langauge inventory on Samsung, Roku, LG, and Sony Plus. Retargeting Data, audience, targeting & post campaign retargeting available. For Content & Supply Owners Maximize your CTV revenue with our end-to-end solutions, content distribution, advanced ad monetization, and intelligent yield optimization tools. Contact us or: partnerships@kivi.tv Kivi Premium Ad Product Suite Kivi TV acceses top-tier connected TV and digital video inventory to create customized package to deliver the right audience, at the right time, in the right place DCO Dynamic creative optimization allows to personalized the content of ads to individual users in real-time Dynamic intelligence - Personalization In-stream video Video advertising that is inserted within other video content: Pre-roll, Mid-roll, Post roll ads that are non-skip, allow brands to reach and engage with large audiences Viewability - VTR - Attention Interactive ads The viewer can access an external website through a QR code integrated in the content Dual screen - Dual experience Rich Media Creatives made for greater impact, generating more attention from the user Creative Impact - Customization Kivi Ad Manager Powered by from Precision Hispanic Targeting Reach U.S. Hispanic audicences in Spanish & English with person-based identity. Massive, Accurate Reach 268M+ U.S. individuals via Kivi’s ID graph (beyond cookies/device IDs). Omnichannel Activation Seamless retargeting across CTV, mobile, desktop, social, and DOOH. Kivi Ad Manager Why media buyers choose Kivi Contact us Tech  & Targeting Kivi Ad Manager allows for curated audiences focused on Latinx media. Audiences can be focused on demographics, geographics, psychographics and more. Kivi Ad Manager has many millions of devices mapped to the Kivi ID which in turn can be matched to 1st and 3rd party data. KAM can easy deliver metrics to be used across brand and agency attribution models. Scale & Service Access to any CTV Premium inventory in English and Spanish in the US. Able to connect through multiple Programmatic pipes. Dedicated account teams for each client. Simplified workflows through Kivi managed services, AT NO ADDITIONAL COST. Target the right audiences with relevant messaging Language targeting Spanish-dominant and bilingual households Geo and demographic granularity To pinpoint specific communities, devices, and interests Dynamic messaging By time of day, location, weather and other triggers Creative consulation Translation / creation of custom creative if needed Let’s launch your next campaign Whether you need a turn-key solution or advanced programmatic access, we’re here to help you win in CTV. Members of Sponsors of Follow us on What We Do Kivi Content Kivi Ad Manager Copyright © 2025. Privacy , Cookie and Brand Safety and Suitability policies