Kiwa: We create trust around the world Skip to main content Skip to main menu Menu Solutions Insights About Kiwa Social Responsibility Contact Solutions Popular Solutions Areas of Expertise Industries Services Standards Popular Solutions View all solutions Hydrogen Systems Compliance and Safety Gas Appliances Safety and Compliance Integrated Management Systems Sustainable Construction OEM and Equipment Compliance Solutions GFSI Certification Solutions Areas of Expertise Digital Solutions Business Assurance Industries View all industries Construction and infrastructure Digital and Cyber Solutions Energy Transition Food, Feed and Agriculture Industrial Services Medical Devices Radio, Wireless and Electrical Equipment Sustainability Solutions Water Services Training Inspection Testing Certification Consultancy Digital Solutions Calibration Standards View our popular standards ISO 9001 Quality Management ISO 13485 Medical Devices ISO 14001 Environmental Management ISO 22000 Food Safety Management ISO 27001 Information Security Management System ISO 45001  Health and safety at work ISO 50001 Energy Management GMP+ Feed Safety Standards Certification GlobalGAP certification Laboratory capabilities About Kiwa About us Careers Accreditations and notifications Head offices Management News Social Responsibility Terms, conditions and regulations Accreditations and notifications Kiwa Global (English) Search Kiwa: We create trust around the world creating trust driving progress Kiwa is represented in over 35 countries Explore Kiwa's expertise and comprehensive range of services and solutions across industries and beyond. Find your location Accreditations and Notifications Accreditation and notification ensure that this trust is justified, as they see to it that Kiwa executes its TIC activities the proper way. Several national accreditation bodies regularly visit Kiwa and review our activities. Find your future at Kiwa At Kiwa, we attach great value to your personal and professional growth and to your qualification as an expert. Your ambitions allow our company to develop and service our customers to the best of our abilities. News Here you will find the latest updates, announcements, and developments from across the Kiwa Group. This page provides an overview of news related to our services, partnerships, and activities in the fields of testing, inspection, and certification. Globally served industries Food, Feed and Agriculture Consumers require quality, safety and traceability of Food, Feed and Farm products sourced from suppliers who produce in a fair, responsible and environmentally friendly way. Kiwa offers global certification, verification and (production and equipment) control services to help you as a retailer, supplier, producer, logistics partner or farmer, to build customer confidence. Digital and Cyber Solutions Cyberattacks and threats can cause grave disruptions. Sensitive data can be lost or stolen and industrial processes could be halted, ultimately causing stagnation of production with revenue loss. It could even cause customers and public to lose trust in a company which became a victim of a cyberattack, leading to reputation damage. Industrial Services We help you with services that ensure smooth operations and optimal manufacturing output from your production processes ensuring unplanned downtime is minimized. We do this through testing and inspection of the production equipment you use for your manufacturing process. This to ensure, availability, safety, quality and compliance with applicable standards. Medical Devices Medical devices manufactured or traded in the EU must comply with EU legislation in safety and health. This means they must be conformed to the pertaining product directives and regulations and must be CE marked. Product Testing and Certification Evidence of the quality, safety, healthiness and durability of the products, from concept to consumer. Sustainability Solutions We understand the importance of sustainability in today's world. It is no longer just an option, but a necessity for the well-being of our planet and future generations. That's why we are here to support you as your dedicated partner in driving positive change. Certificate finder Is a certificate still valid? Search our certification database for certifications issued by Kiwa and check their validity. Check it now How we help improve business and society At Kiwa, we are committed to contributing to a safer, more sustainable, and more secure world. Through our expertise in testing, inspection, and certification, we support businesses, governments, and society in addressing key challenges. Our contribution to make the world safer How we support digital transformation How we help to protect valuable information How we insure food safety Climate change: what we do to help How we support the Hydrogen Revolution Local presence, international outlook In the headoffices page, you will be able to locate all of our active offices worldwide, ranging from the Far East to the United States. We have taken care to include the precise location and contact details of each of our offices, so that you can easily reach out to the one closest to you. Laboratory Capabilities Navigate through Kiwa's extended landscape of laboratory solutions with our detailed testing directory, embodying the essence of more than 3000 capabilities within 80 laboratories around the globe. Explore the value of Testing, Inspection, and Certification All stories 22 December 2025 CPR-2024: Driving Sustainable and Transparent Construction CPR-2024 is not just about what you provide, but why.
The updated regulation goes beyond compliance, setting a clear path toward sustainable, circular, and transparent construction practices. Digital product passports, environmental data in the DOPC, and strengthened oversight will shape the industry. 22 December 2025 Navigating conformity assessment routes in the MDR. Under Article 52 and Annexes IX through XI of the Medical Device Regulation (MDR), it is the legal manufacturer's responsibility to select the appropriate conformity assessment route. 

However, as a Notified Body, we often observe confusion regarding what these assessments entail and which route is best. The correct choice depends on the device classification and the level of control the manufacturer maintains over design and production. 22 December 2025 Staying Aligned: Why Timely Notification of Change Matters in Medical Device Certification At Kiwa Assurance, we recognize that innovation is a constant in the medical device industry. But change comes with responsibility—especially when it comes to maintaining compliance under the MDR and ISO 13485. 

That’s where our Notification of Change (NoC) process plays a vital role. 15 December 2025 Kiwa’s livestreamed, cloud-based inspection solution Kiwa’s livestreamed, cloud-based inspection solution brings together drones, real-time collaboration, AI-driven analysis, and centralized data to transform how industrial assets are inspected and managed—making inspections safer, faster, and more connected. Bottom area creating trust driving progress Services Testing Inspection Certification Training Consultancy Digital Solutions Calibration Kiwa 's global expertise Construction and infrastructure Digital and Cyber Solutions Energy Transition Food, Feed and Agriculture Industrial Services Medical Devices Radio, Wireless and Electrical Equipment Sustainability Services Water Kiwa Group About Kiwa Careers Success stories Social Responsiblity Head office locations Terms, conditions and regulations Contact Follow us on social media LinkedIn Instagram Youtube Disclaimer Cookie policy Responsible disclosure policy Privacy statement Beware of fake Kiwa certificates in China Kiwa Global (English)