Kiwify Pricing Help FAQ Login Get Started Pricing Help FAQ Login Get Started Sell your online course Turn your knowledge into an online course and build your business on the internet Get started Get started Discover the exclusive benefits of Kiwify to help increase your sales and scale your business. Premium Members Area: your course with cinematic design. Kiwify offers a customizable premium members area, featuring a cinematic layout, similar to your favorite streaming platform. Bringing a unique touch to the visual identity of your course and providing a unique experience for your student. Host and manage your online course on our platform, with no extra costs. Get started Get started Get Support within 1 minute, 7 days a week. At Kiwify, you have specialized support 7 days a week, from 8 am to 9 pm, through live chat. With a team that responds to you in just one minute. No robots or automation, you always have a specialized person ready to assist you. Get started Kiwify has the best technology Our platform is simple and easy to use. Create an account and start selling in 2 minutes. We have all the features you need to sell your online course: Receive your sales within up to 15 days Immediate product release Checkout builder Revenue partner Affiliate system Customizable members area Mobile app for your students to watch the lessons And much more... FAQ Frequently asked questions How long does it take to receive money from Kiwify? + Your first payout will be available 15 days after your request. Does Kiwify offer a members area? How does it work? + Host and display your videos at no extra cost. Do you have a revenue partner system? + Yes! You can invite as many revenue partners as you want for your product and split the commission. Do you have one-click upsell? + Yes. Is it possible to sell subscription products (recurring payment)? + Yes. You can sell a subscription through credit card. Can I use it to sell digital services? (e.g., Online Training, Coaching) + Yes, you can sell your coaching program or online training. Do you accept physical products? + No! Only digital products, delivered via email or members area. Do you have an affiliate system? + Yes! You can send the invitation link to affiliates! I bought a product on Kiwify and need help, how do I proceed? + For questions related to your purchase, click here . How much does it cost? You only pay if you sell. 9.99% + $0.80 Host your course in our members area for free. We also host and display your videos at no extra cost. Get started © 2025 All rights reserved Kiwify US, Inc. 2423 Southwest 147th Avenue #2079 Miami Florida ZIP Code: 33185 Contact: If you are a creator: [email protected] Platform Pricing FAQ Help Status Page About the company Contact Legal Terms and Conditions for Buyers and Vendors Content Policy Privacy Policy