KJZZ Search Query Show Search News Arizona News Business Education Fronteras Desk Hermosillo Bureau Politics Elections Science Sustainability Q&AZ Tribal Natural Resources Reporting Series Mountain West News Bureau Arizona News Business Education Fronteras Desk Hermosillo Bureau Politics Elections Science Sustainability Q&AZ Tribal Natural Resources Reporting Series Mountain West News Bureau Programs KJZZ's The Show Schedule Program List KJZZ's The Show Schedule Program List Podcasts The Show Sun Up Friday NewsCap Stories You Don't Want to Miss Prickly State of the Arts Arizona Hear Arizona Period, The End Reefer Growing Madness Exit Interview Lit Squad Untold Arizona Arizona Monsoon Stories The Recovering Caregiver Word View All The Show Sun Up Friday NewsCap Stories You Don't Want to Miss Prickly State of the Arts Arizona Hear Arizona Period, The End Reefer Growing Madness Exit Interview Lit Squad Untold Arizona Arizona Monsoon Stories The Recovering Caregiver Word View All Support Events Membership Car Donation Shop Subscribe Events Membership Car Donation Shop Subscribe About About KJZZ KJZZ staff Jobs at KJZZ and the Division of Public Service Friends of Public Radio Arizona Newsletters Public Files KJZZ Ethics and Practices Awards Listening Options Contest Details About KJZZ KJZZ staff Jobs at KJZZ and the Division of Public Service Friends of Public Radio Arizona Newsletters Public Files KJZZ Ethics and Practices Awards Listening Options Contest Details Play Minute Mix Quizzes Hotspots Minute Mix Quizzes Hotspots Contact Music Jazz PHX Jazz Playlists Events Jazz Venues and Organizations Jazz Map Those Lowdown Blues: Playlists Tiny Desert Concerts Jazz PHX Jazz Playlists Events Jazz Venues and Organizations Jazz Map Those Lowdown Blues: Playlists Tiny Desert Concerts E-Member Login E-Member Login Member Portal Access KJZZ Plus E-Member Login Member Portal Access KJZZ Plus KJZZ is a service of Rio Salado College , and Maricopa Community Colleges Copyright © 2026 KJZZ/Rio Salado College/MCCCD Menu Show Search Search Query Donate Play Live Radio Next Up: 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 Available On Air Stations On Air Now Playing KJZZ On Air Now Playing Jazz PHX On Air Now Playing Classical KBACH All Streams News Arizona News Business Education Fronteras Desk Hermosillo Bureau Politics Elections Science Sustainability Q&AZ Tribal Natural Resources Reporting Series Mountain West News Bureau Arizona News Business Education Fronteras Desk Hermosillo Bureau Politics Elections Science Sustainability Q&AZ Tribal Natural Resources Reporting Series Mountain West News Bureau Programs KJZZ's The Show Schedule Program List KJZZ's The Show Schedule Program List Podcasts The Show Sun Up Friday NewsCap Stories You Don't Want to Miss Prickly State of the Arts Arizona Hear Arizona Period, The End Reefer Growing Madness Exit Interview Lit Squad Untold Arizona Arizona Monsoon Stories The Recovering Caregiver Word View All The Show Sun Up Friday NewsCap Stories You Don't Want to Miss Prickly State of the Arts Arizona Hear Arizona Period, The End Reefer Growing Madness Exit Interview Lit Squad Untold Arizona Arizona Monsoon Stories The Recovering Caregiver Word View All Support Events Membership Car Donation Shop Subscribe Events Membership Car Donation Shop Subscribe About About KJZZ KJZZ staff Jobs at KJZZ and the Division of Public Service Friends of Public Radio Arizona Newsletters Public Files KJZZ Ethics and Practices Awards Listening Options Contest Details About KJZZ KJZZ staff Jobs at KJZZ and the Division of Public Service Friends of Public Radio Arizona Newsletters Public Files KJZZ Ethics and Practices Awards Listening Options Contest Details Play Minute Mix Quizzes Hotspots Minute Mix Quizzes Hotspots Contact Music Jazz PHX Jazz Playlists Events Jazz Venues and Organizations Jazz Map Those Lowdown Blues: Playlists Tiny Desert Concerts Jazz PHX Jazz Playlists Events Jazz Venues and Organizations Jazz Map Those Lowdown Blues: Playlists Tiny Desert Concerts E-Member Login E-Member Login Member Portal Access KJZZ Plus E-Member Login Member Portal Access KJZZ Plus Sky Schaudt / KJZZ News These big ADOT freeway projects are set to begin across metro Phoenix in 2026 Kathy Ritchie Several freeway projects are set to ramp up across the Valley in 2026 — including construction funded by Proposition 479, which was approved by Maricopa County voters in 2024. Howard Fischer / Capitol Media Services Former U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl stepping back from public life due to neurological disease diagnosis Wayne Schutsky Former U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl announced he is stepping back from public life after being diagnosed with a neurological disease that causes dementia. National Park Service Central Arizona Project worried about snowpack levels — though it's still early in the water year Kathy Ritchie Water issues will no doubt make the news in 2026. A water expert at the Central Arizona Project, which delivers Colorado River water to parts of the state, said the news so far this water year isn't good. KJZZ News Business Arizona task force proposes plan for statewide workplace heat safety guidelines Katherine  Davis-Young Arizona officials will begin reviewing recommendations to keep workers in the state safer in extreme heat after a task force submitted findings to the agency. Politics Trump signs Gosar bill, transfers land to La Paz County for solar energy Camryn  Sanchez President Trump signed legislation this week transferring federal land to La Paz County, which may be used for energy projects. Politics Arizona water chiefs reports movement in Colorado River talks, potential Lake Powell protections Camryn  Sanchez Arizona’s chief water executive reports movement in Colorado River negotiations, and a potential agreement on Lake Powell protections. Education Court rules parents can sue schools when they're not told their kids identify as transgender Howard Fischer/Capitol Media Services Parents have a legal right to sue public schools when they're not informed that their children are choosing to identify themselves as a gender other than the one to which they were born, the state Court of Appeals has ruled. News Banner Health facilities will require masks as flu cases surge Katherine  Davis-Young Starting Jan. 1, Arizona’s largest hospital system will require all patients, visitors and staff to wear masks in response to a surge in flu cases. The Show How will public radio sound in 2026? Historian says it will still tell the story of a community Sam Dingman We continue now with our series of conversations about what the next year might bring. And today, we’re focusing on radio. Listen • 24:18 Indigenous Affairs Families and advocates share frustration about Turquoise Alert at MMIP town hall Gabriel Pietrorazio Two weeks ahead of the next legislative session, Arizona Democratic state lawmakers held a Tuesday town hall on MMIP — or missing and murdered Indigenous peoples — for input on the problems facing families, advocates and victims. Listen • 1:25 Fronteras Desk Coconino County reports first measles case as Mohave County outbreak reaches 200 cases Katherine  Davis-Young Coconino County officials have confirmed the county’s first case of measles in 2025 and are working to identify people who may have been exposed. The Show She made her classroom a microcosm of U.S. race relations. What she sees in the country today Lauren Gilger Jane Elliot is famous for the "Blue Eyes/Brown Eyes” exercise she carried out in her third grade Iowa classroom in 1968. It was just after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., and she had had something of an anti-racist awakening. So, she took to her classroom. Listen • 7:13 The Show Associate dean: Humanities will be 'part of the air that they breathe' at ASU's new medical school Mark Brodie Arizona State University’s new medical school got its accreditation this fall; the John Shufeldt School of Medicine and Medical Engineering plans to welcome its first class for the fall semester next year. Listen • 8:03 Load More NPR News NPR News Trump will drop push for National Guard deployments in Chicago, LA and Portland, Ore. Alina Hartounian Courts blocked troops from deploying in Chicago and Portland, Ore., and the Los Angeles deployment effectively ended after a judge blocked it earlier this month. NPR News What Stranger Things gets right about wormholes Katia Riddle The final episode of fifth season of the Netflix series Stranger Things is out this week, and the concept of a wormhole figures largely into it. While the show is a work of fiction, theoretical wormholes have making appearances for decades not only in science fiction but in actual science. NPR News Photos: The world welcomes the new year NPR Staff As fireworks light the sky and crowds count down together, communities around the globe welcome 2026. NPR News Meet five new species discovered in 2025 Arundathi Nair A bumpy snailfish, Andean mouse opossum and ancient sea cow were just some of the many species described in 2025. NPR News What to know about Nick Shirley, the YouTuber alleging day care fraud in Minnesota Rachel Treisman Shirley is a 23-year-old self-described "independent YouTube journalist" who made prank videos in high school before pivoting to politics. He participated in a White House roundtable in October. Load More × You can help Fill the Gap. KJZZ relies on listeners like you! Donate Now Show Modal Box Again (Press for testing) Stay Connected instagram youtube bluesky threads facebook linkedin KJZZ is a service of Rio Salado College , and Maricopa Community Colleges Copyright © 2026 KJZZ/Rio Salado College/MCCCD Listen Live Audio Stream Listening Options About Ethics and Practices Privacy Policy FCC Public Files Contest Details Connect Contact KJZZ staff Jobs Friends of Public Radio Arizona Subscribe to Newsletters Support Donate Membership Corporate Sponsorship Events Shop