CBS KKTV 11 News in Colorado Springs Skip to content Watch Live Weather News Sports Southern Colorado Life 11 Connects Español We the People Home Watch Live News National State Community Calendar Good News Friday Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Video Weather Weather Cams Traffic Watch Weather Maps 7-Day Forecasts Radar Sports Classroom Champions NCAA NFL Scoreboard National Friday Night Endzone Broncos Air Force Avalanche Nuggets Southern Colorado Life Find It KKTV News App Submit a Story Idea Submit Photos and Videos Meet the Team Contact Us Station Jobs Digital Marketing 11 Connects 11 Cares St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway Blue it Forward by Doing Good Mr. Food Sign up for .COM Daily TV Listings MyKKTV MeTV PowerNation Contests NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Circle Country Gray AI Policy AdAmAn Club members reach summit of Pikes Peak ahead of annual firework display The AdAmAn Club reached the summit of Pikes Peak on Wednesday afternoon ahead of its yearly firework display. Forecast Chilly NYE evening, mild to start 2026 Local Colorado Springs psychologist shares tips on how to maintain New Year’s Resolutions Local Stage 1 Fire Restrictions reinstated for unincorporated El Paso County TOP HEADLINES Forecast Mostly sunny and warm New Year’s Eve Updated : 15 hours ago | By Kevin Bloemberg Mostly sunny but high clouds moving in during the afternoon. Thicker clouds move in overnight but should hold off until after midnight, which would be great news for the firework shows! Highs are warm in the 60s. Local Colorado Springs seeks public input on 2026 federal housing, community development funding Updated : 7 hours ago | By Brianna Leonard The City of Colorado Springs Housing and Homelessness Response Department is seeking public input on 2026 federal housing and community development funding. Local Law firm offering free cab rides home on New Year’s Eve in Colorado Springs, Pueblo Updated : 8 hours ago | By Brianna Leonard A Colorado law firm is offering free cab rides home to residents in Colorado Springs and Pueblo on New Year’s Eve. Local ‘This isn’t over’: Trump vetoes bipartisan bill aimed to complete southeastern Colorado water pipeline Updated : 8 hours ago | By Brianna Leonard President Donald Trump on Monday vetoed a bill that would complete a water pipeline that could serve around 50,000 people in southeastern Colorado. Local Colorado Springs security guard hospitalized, two suspects arrested after reported burglary Updated : 13 hours ago | By Brianna Leonard Police said one person is recovering and two people are behind bars after a reported burglary Saturday morning. Local Teller County woman accused of starting Highland Lakes fire found incompetent to stand trial Updated : 14 hours ago | By Brianna Leonard A woman in jail on arson charges was found incompetent to stand trial on Monday, according to 11 News crew members present in the courtroom. COS 7 Day Pueblo 7 Day Live Satellite and Radar FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Colorado Springs psychologist shares tips on how to maintain New Year’s Resolutions News Colorado businesses prepare for busy New Year’s Eve News WATCH: AdAmAn Club reaches summit of Pikes Peak ahead of firework display to ring in 2026 News WATCH: Parents of woman killed in crash on Powers Blvd speak out MORE NEWS Local “I pray to God, no one ever has to deal with this, losing a child again:” Parents of woman killed in crash on Powers speak out Updated : 14 hours ago | By Alaina Tomesh Mike and Linda Gerwatowski are grieving their daughter just days after they said Jennifer Hooper was killed following a crash near Powers and Platte. Local Firefighters respond to structure fire at vacant motel on W Colorado Ave. Updated : 14 hours ago | By Aspen Andrews and Brianna Leonard The Colorado Springs Fire Department (CSFD) said crews responded to a structure fire on West Colorado Avenue Tuesday night. Local CSPD searching for missing 76-year-old man last seen Monday Updated : 23 hours ago | By Aspen Andrews The Colorado Springs Police Department (CSPD) is searching for a missing man. Local Former US Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, of Colorado, dies at 92 Updated : 22 hours ago | By The Associated Press Ben Nighthorse Campbell, the former senator and U.S. representative of Colorado known for his passionate advocacy of Native American issues, died Tuesday. He was 92. Local 3 injured in crash at Astrozon and Powers Updated : 21 hours ago | By Aspen Andrews Southbound Powers Boulevard and Astrozon Boulevard was closed Tuesday night due to a crash, according to the Colorado Springs Police Department (CSPD). Local Gunshot detection technology helps Pueblo police save lives Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 7:11 PM MST | By Rachel Ramsey The Pueblo Police Department expanded its use of a technology that is helping officers save lives. Local FOUND: Missing autistic man last seen in Fountain Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:55 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews The Fountain Police Department (FPD) said officers are searching for a missing autistic man. Local ‘It’s bringing hope with you’: Colorado Springs man brings holiday celebration to front lines of Ukraine Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:37 PM MST | By Aaron Vitatoe As hope for peace dwindles in parts of Ukraine, a Colorado Springs man is working to bring people together. Local Seeing smoke? Construction in Colorado Springs kicking up dust Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:05 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews The Colorado Springs Fire Department said crews have received multiple calls over the past few days for smoke. Forecast Mild on New Year’s Eve with dry time Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:33 PM MST | By Roy Rusk Staying mild for now! Crime 1 arrested, stolen vehicles recovered in Pueblo Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:49 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews The Pueblo Police Department (PPD) said a man has been arrested after stolen vehicles were recovered in Pueblo. Local Dad’s Donuts to close two locations in Colorado Springs in 2026 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:53 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews Dad’s Donuts announced it will be closing two locations in Colorado Springs in the new year. MORE NEWS Local ‘This is a Colorado Springs tradition’: AdAmAn Club starts ascent up to Pike Peak for New Year’s fireworks display Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 11:43 AM MST | By Lauren Watson Members of the AdAmAn Club started their ascent up to Pikes Peak on Tuesday morning. Local Crews say abandoned house fire in Pueblo ‘possibly human caused’ Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:32 PM MST | By Lauren Watson and Aspen Andrews Firefighters in Pueblo are battling a structure fire with a large plume of smoke visible across the city on Tuesday morning. Local PET OF THE WEEK: Meet Tagalong! Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 10:51 AM MST | By Lauren Watson Tagalong is a four-year-old Pitbull mix that HSPPR said came to the shelter as a stray. The humane society said he is a “sweet boy” who just wants a little bit of attention, and he loves to play with squeaky ball toys! Forecast Sunny and milder Tuesday Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:56 AM MST | By Kevin Bloemberg Sunny and milder today, highs in the 50s. Local Police searching for 3 suspects following reported robbery at Colorado Springs business Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:47 AM MST | By Lauren Watson Colorado Springs police are searching for three suspects following a reported robbery in the Rockrimmon area on Monday night. Local Children’s Hospital Colorado performs region’s first pediatric dual heart‑and‑liver transplant for 11‑year‑old Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 8:58 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews An 11-year-old girl in Colorado is now able to live a healthier life after the Children’s Hospital Colorado in Aurora was able to perform the region’s first dual heart and liver transplant. Local Advocate for Colorado’s unhoused predicts 2026 point-in-time count Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 7:41 PM MST | By Rachel Ramsey Following an increase in homelessness, data collection for 2026 is right around the corner. Local Dry winter gives yearly fireworks warning from Colorado Springs first responders extra weight ahead of New Year’s Eve Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:01 PM MST | By Aaron Vitatoe Every year, officials in southern Colorado issue warnings about firework usage as many get ready to ring in the new year, and this year, that warning holds a little extra weight. Local 1 dead after house fire in Colorado Springs Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:10 PM MST | By Aspen Andrews The Colorado Springs Fire Department (CSFD) said a man was found dead in a home after it caught fire on Monday. Forecast Dry and sunny on Tuesday Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:17 PM MST | By Sydney Jackson Staying dry this week... News Weather Sports 11 Cares Election Results Contact Us Sign Up for .COM Daily 11 Connects Good News Friday Advertise with Us KKTV 7250 Campus Dr. Colorado Springs, CO 80920 (719) 578-0000 Public Inspection File FCC Applications publicfile@kktv.com - (719) 634-2844 Terms of Service Privacy Policy YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES EEO Statement Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026