Conversational Patient Engagement Software | Klara Back Solutions  Patient communication  Provider collaboration  Workflow automation  Telemedicine  Patient communication Patient communication Automate patient texting, reduce phone volume and centralize communication. Read more Use cases  Automation  Appointment reminders  Messaging  Web chat  Call-to-text  Voicemail transcriptions  Broadcast messaging  EHR integration  Textable numbers  Provider collaboration Provider collaboration Improve how your care teams and their patients communicate throughout the healthcare journey. Read more Use cases  Workflow assignment  Internal notes & mentions  Shared inboxes  Team collaboration  Template library  AI-powered routing  Chrome extension  Workflow Automation Workflow Automation Automate administrative tasks and patient outreach to reduce paperwork. Read more Use cases  Scheduling  Appointment reminders  Video visits  No-show engagement  Digital intake  Instructions  Post-visit follow-ups  Patient feedback  Telemedicine Telemedicine Connect with patients remotely and access secure messaging and file sharing. Read more Use cases  Virtual waiting room  Video visits  Chrome extension Resources  All resources  Blog  Success stories  Webinars  White papers  Videos  Cost calculators  Assess your practice  All resources All resources Curated resources to help improve your medical practice’s success. Browse resources Featured Topic Understanding What Patients Expect in their Care Journeys Trending Enhancing Medical Practice Efficiency With Interoperability  Blog Blog Read the latest news, tips, and best practices for patient retention and practice growth. Read articles Latest article Klara Recognized as a Top Healthcare Product in G2’s 2025 Best Software Awards  Success stories Success stories Discover why other medical practices choose Klara to help improve communication. Read stories Latest story Fort Wayne Dermatology elevates patient care and efficiency with Klara  Webinars Webinars Discover trends in patient engagement with insight from healthcare professionals. Watch webinars Latest webinar Calm the Chaos: The AI-Powered Inbox for Modern Practices  White papers White papers Learn strategies for improving practice efficiency and patient communication. Download white papers Latest white paper What keeps patients coming back?  Videos Videos Watch these videos to learn how Klara helps medical practices boost engagement. Watch videos Latest video Klara Helps Palmetto Gastro & Hepatology Get to Patients Faster  Cost calculators Cost calculators Use these free calculators to uncover how much revenue your medical practice is losing. Calculate now Phone tag How much is phone tag costing your practice? Abandoned calls How much is your practice losing from abandoned calls? No-shows How much revenue are no-show appointments costing you?  Assess your practice Assess your practice Our 2-minute quiz helps you assess the quality of your practice’s patient communication. Take quiz Assess your practice Log in Free demo Move beyond patient communication into active engagement Centralize communication channels, increase provider collaboration and automate outreach workflows — all to help you focus on patient outcomes Free demo Watch video  App Store Rating 4.7 • 12.1K Ratings Read our G2 Reviews 4.4 • 46 Reviews Klara works with providers with the following top EHRs and more  Video  We have saved hundreds and hundreds of hours of phone calls. Jason Miller , MD, Schweiger Dermatology Group Watch testimonial  Focus on patient care, automate the other stuff Use the patient engagement platform that’s there for every step in the healthcare journey to help your practice provide a better patient experience. Experience the journey Multi-channel patient communication, all in one place Enable your patients to send text messages to your practice, while webchat captures online visitors. Convert call volume into secure messages with call-to-text functionality, and transcribe voicemail messages with voicemail transcription. No matter how your patients reach out, it all lands in Klara.  Messaging Make it easy for patients to reach your practice ‍ Learn more  Web chat Capture new patient interest 24/7 ‍ Learn more  Call-to-text Allow patients who call to start texting instead ‍ Learn more  Voicemail transcriptions Read minute-long voicemails in seconds Learn more    Patient communication Communicate with patients on their preferred channel Klara offers easier, faster communication for both patients and practices. Connect via text, web chat, and phone Enable patients to self-schedule appointments and easily start message conversations Have patients submit forms online without needing a patient portal, username or password Learn more 84% utilization rate compared to 57% for patient portals *Source   Team collaboration Decrease manual message triaging Help your staff respond to patients faster with intelligent message routing. Automatically route patient messages to staff members – immediately Create shared inboxes and @mention other staff to increase healthcare collaboration Connect with pharmacies, labs, and other Klara network providers without sitting on hold Learn more 55+ thousand active staff supported by Klara ‍ 356M+ messages sent to date 1 53 patient NPS score across 57k responses, ranking "amazing" ‍  Automation Don’t get bogged down with manual tasks Not all workflow automation tools are created equal. Automate patient appointment reminders without losing that personal feel Encourage no-shows to reschedule right from their phone Send personalized pre- and post-visit instructions and follow-ups Learn more No password, email or app download required Make it easy for patients to reach your practice. Using Klara doesn’t require a password, email or app. Security is still top-of-mind though, with two-factor-authentication (2FA) available to every patient that wants it. HIPAA-compliant practices? Meet secure patient messaging Send patient messages as standard texts or encrypted ones. For encrypted messages, we’ll include a link directing them to Klara to help you stay HIPAA-compliant and keep their information protected. Patient text messages won’t interrupt movie night Give patients your textable practice number and don’t worry about your cell phone buzzing all night. Your messages will be waiting for you in Klara. Why practice users love using Klara  Klara helped change the atmosphere in our office from stressful and frustrating, to a peaceful environment. We are no longer tied up on the phone, and have more time to help patients in the office. Carol Hoppe , Business Manager, Medical Pain and Spine Care of Indiana Ready to move beyond patient communication into active engagement? Discover how Klara can help by scheduling a personalized 30-minute demo using the link below. Free consultation 1 Klara utilization statistics based on internal benchmarking as of February 2025   App Store Rating 4.7 • 12.3K Ratings Read our G2 Reviews 4.5 • 102 Reviews Solutions Patient communication Provider collaboration Workflow Automation Telemedicine Resources All Resources Blog Success stories Webinars White papers Videos Cost calculators Assess your practice Legal Online privacy policy State privacy law supplemental notice Do not sell or share my personal information Cookie settings 4700 Exchange Court, Suite 225, Boca Raton, FL 33431 © 2025 Klara Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved. Klara does not recommend sending sensitive information, including PHI, through SMS text messaging. SMS text messages are not encrypted and may be accessible by third parties. When providers send messages to patients through the Klara platform, the patient receives an SMS message that contains a link to Klara’s secure platform, where the contents of the message are encrypted. Sensitive information is not included in the SMS message from Klara providers to patients. Patients may send SMS text messages directly to the provider, and patients are free to include any content, but Klara recommends that patients use mobile messaging within the Klara platform to communicate sensitive information with providers.  Are you experiencing Call Chaos ? The impact might be bigger than you think Learn more  ✗