Klaviyo: AI Email Marketing & SMS | B2C CRM Email Marketing SMS Marketing Ecommerce Platform Integrations Compare Platforms Automation Platform Campaign Builder Segmentation Customer Growth Contact Us Our Blog Marketing Resources Help Center Academy Community Developer Portal Partner Program Customer Login Skip to main content Home Help center Enterprise Partners Careers Log in Platform Overview The B2C CRM Discover how the Klaviyo CRM, built for your business, can help you create lasting customer relationships. SOLUTIONS Klaviyo AI (K:AI) New AI agents, Image Remix, insights & more Klaviyo Marketing Marketing automation across all channels Klaviyo Service NEW Happier customers, more sales Klaviyo Analytics What’s working, what’s next, zero noise Klaviyo Data Platform The smarter, simpler CDP to unify and activate your data in real time CHANNELS Omnichannel marketing NEW AI, data, and channels working as one Email marketing SMS marketing RCS marketing NEW Mobile app marketing WhatsApp marketing NEW Social marketing NEW TOP PRODUCTS + FEATURES Marketing Agent New Customer Agent NEW Customer Hub NEW Helpdesk NEW Marketing Analytics Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform Segmentation Reviews Templates SPOTLIGHT The Klaviyo omniverse One platform. Every channel. Real results. Marketing Agent AI strategist and assistant for marketers. Customer Agent AI support and sales rep for shoppers. New features Get more personal on more channels. K:BOS 2025 Watch the replay of our livestream sessions. Apps & Integrations KLAVIYO APP MARKETPLACE Explore apps Integrate with 350+ apps to seamlessly connect all of your data to Klaviyo Popular integrations Integration benefits Our apps make it simple to integrate your entire tech stack Advertising Shipping Point of sale Loyalty Subscription View top apps and integrations Developers Create apps and integrations to grow your business using Klaviyo’s APIs Getting started Developer guides API docs Resources The Klaviyo Power Up Your all-in-one success center with answers, resources, and community to keep you growing Help center Academy Community Developers Support Support overview Onboarding and support resources to get the most out of Klaviyo Professional services Enterprise and professional support packages and services Partner directory Explore partners to work with Discover more Case studies Learn from customers who have grown with Klaviyo Blog Industry news and growth strategies Guides and reports Best practices, strategic guidance, and benchmark reports Events Join us at our flagship conference K:BOS and other events throughout the year Trust center Trust and security information The 2025 BFCM Recap Check out the data that defined Black Friday & Cyber Monday. How it works Pricing Sign up Get a demo Platform Overview The B2C CRM Discover how the Klaviyo CRM, built for your business, can help you create lasting customer relationships. SOLUTIONS Klaviyo AI (K:AI) New AI agents, Image Remix, insights & more Klaviyo Marketing Marketing automation across all channels Klaviyo Service NEW Happier customers, more sales Klaviyo Analytics What’s working, what’s next, zero noise Klaviyo Data Platform The smarter, simpler CDP to unify and activate your data in real time CHANNELS Omnichannel marketing NEW AI, data, and channels working as one Email marketing SMS marketing RCS marketing NEW Mobile app marketing WhatsApp marketing NEW Social marketing NEW TOP PRODUCTS + FEATURES Marketing Agent New Customer Agent NEW Customer Hub NEW Helpdesk NEW Marketing Analytics Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform Segmentation Reviews Templates SPOTLIGHT The Klaviyo omniverse One platform. Every channel. Real results. Marketing Agent AI strategist and assistant for marketers. Customer Agent AI support and sales rep for shoppers. New features Get more personal on more channels. K:BOS 2025 Watch the replay of our livestream sessions. Apps & Integrations KLAVIYO APP MARKETPLACE Explore apps Integrate with 350+ apps to seamlessly connect all of your data to Klaviyo Popular integrations Integration benefits Our apps make it simple to integrate your entire tech stack Advertising Shipping Point of sale Loyalty Subscription View top apps and integrations Developers Create apps and integrations to grow your business using Klaviyo’s APIs Getting started Developer guides API docs Resources The Klaviyo Power Up Your all-in-one success center with answers, resources, and community to keep you growing Help center Academy Community Developers Support Support overview Onboarding and support resources to get the most out of Klaviyo Professional services Enterprise and professional support packages and services Partner directory Explore partners to work with Discover more Case studies Learn from customers who have grown with Klaviyo Blog Industry news and growth strategies Guides and reports Best practices, strategic guidance, and benchmark reports Events Join us at our flagship conference K:BOS and other events throughout the year Trust center Trust and security information The 2025 BFCM Recap Check out the data that defined Black Friday & Cyber Monday. How it works Pricing Home Help center Enterprise Partners Careers Search United States - EN United States - EN United Kingdom - EN France - FR Deutschland - DE España - ES Italia - IT Australia - EN Singapore - EN Sign up Get a demo Log in Dive into the data that defined Black Friday and Cyber Monday THE B2C CRM AI marketing & service to grow relationships Klaviyo unifies your data, channels, and agents in one AI-first platform—text, WhatsApp, email marketing, and more—driving growth with every interaction. Sign up (4.5) 1000+ Reviews on our platform AI agents for marketing and service.  Proactive and powered by your data. Try Marketing Agent now Learn about AI agents K:AI Marketing Agent analyzes your site, learns your brand, and creates content in minutes. K:AI Customer Agent serves customers 24/7: answers, resolutions, product suggestions, and more. Service that drives revenue for BFCM and beyond K:AI Customer Agent Provide exceptional service that feels personal, even during the holiday surge. Learn more Customer Hub Give BFCM shoppers a personalized shopping and service experience. Learn more Klaviyo Helpdesk Make every conversation during BFCM a chance to build loyalty and drive growth. Learn more Powering 183,000+ relationship-driven brands Wait, a CRM for B2C? Yes! Finally, one AI-first platform combining marketing, service, and analytics—for real-time personalization, smarter decisions, and seamless growth. Explore the platform AI Marketing Service Analytics Data Platform AI that actually does the work Have Klaviyo AI (K:AI) automate your marketing, power your support, and personalize every interaction. Klaviyo AI (K:AI) Explore Remix K:AI Marketing Agent K:AI Customer Agent MCP server Marketing that carries the conversation Reach your customers with smarter messages across channels. Klaviyo Marketing Explore Email marketing SMS marketing WhatsApp marketing Mobile push Reviews Web forms Flows Campaigns Service that solves and sells Deliver personalized marketing and service that turns every interaction into a revenue opportunity. Klaviyo Service Explore K:AI Customer Agent Customer Hub Helpdesk Analytics that deliver your next win Know what’s working and fix what’s not, without the noise. Klaviyo Analytics Explore Marketing Analytics Benchmarks CDP power that gives you the full data story Unify all your data to get the 360-degree view of each customer and anticipate their wants. Klaviyo Data Platform Explore Integrations + APIs Profiles Segments Advanced KDP Fueling growth for brands that don’t settle Explore case studies Higher ROI Less work More revenue “What I love most about Klaviyo is that it’s equally usable for a complete novice and an expert.” Becca Millstein Co-founder and CEO, Fishwife "The initial cost reduction was north of 40% all in, including IT hours and the cost of the subscription." Anthony S. VP of DTC ecommerce for home and outdoor division, Helen of Troy “Having one unified customer profile, where everything about a customer is in the same place—it’s huge.” Katherine Cabe Senior director of retention, AS Beauty Group 350+ apps to connect your business to Klaviyo B2C CRM View all integrations Inspiring your next move with insights and resources What is a B2C CRM? Centralize customer data and tailor every interaction across channels. How to win BFCM with Klaviyo Sell smarter with omnichannel experiences across email, SMS, and more. WhatsApp for customer service Build loyalty through fast, personal chats on the world’s #1 messaging app. Omnichannel marketing in a nutshell What it is, why it matters, and how to do it right. How RCS makes texts more engaging Verified branding, interactive buttons, carousels, and improved tracking. Linear multi-touch attribution How to set up smarter attribution that reflects real shopping behavior. Why Klaviyo B2C CRM? Klaviyo B2C CRM is the AI-first platform that brings marketing and service together in one place—powered by data—to create deeper, longer-lasting customer relationships. See pricing Company About Klaviyo Newsroom Investor relations Contact us Careers Klaviyo for Enterprise Agency and tech partners Developers Retail and ecommerce Restaurant marketing Wellness Platform B2C CRM overview Klaviyo AI (K:AI) NEW Klaviyo Marketing Klaviyo Service NEW Klaviyo Analytics Klaviyo Data Platform Why Klaviyo Klaviyo vs. Klaviyo alternatives Klaviyo vs. Mailchimp Klaviyo vs. Postscript Klaviyo vs. Attentive Klaviyo vs. Salesforce Klaviyo vs. Listrak Channels Omnichannel marketing NEW Email marketing SMS marketing RCS marketing NEW Mobile app marketing WhatsApp marketing NEW Social marketing NEW Tools + Resources Marketing resources Marketing campaign calendar Marketing glossary Subject line generator ROI calculator Case studies Top Products + Features Marketing Agent New Customer Agent NEW Customer Hub NEW Helpdesk NEW Marketing Analytics Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform Web forms Email templates Explore more Portfolio Apps and Integrations Features What's new Events Help Center Academy Community Company About Klaviyo Newsroom Investor relations Contact us Careers Platform B2C CRM overview Klaviyo AI (K:AI) NEW Klaviyo Marketing Klaviyo Service NEW Klaviyo Analytics Klaviyo Data Platform Channels Omnichannel marketing NEW Email marketing SMS marketing RCS marketing NEW Mobile app marketing WhatsApp marketing NEW Social marketing NEW Top Products + Features Marketing Agent New Customer Agent NEW Customer Hub NEW Helpdesk NEW Marketing Analytics Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform Web forms Email templates Klaviyo for Enterprise Agency and tech partners Developers Retail and ecommerce Restaurant marketing Wellness Why Klaviyo Klaviyo vs. Klaviyo alternatives Klaviyo vs. Mailchimp Klaviyo vs. Postscript Klaviyo vs. Attentive Klaviyo vs. Salesforce Klaviyo vs. Listrak Tools + Resources Marketing resources Marketing campaign calendar Marketing glossary Subject line generator ROI calculator Case studies Explore more Portfolio Apps and Integrations Features What's new Events Help Center Academy Community United States - EN United States - EN United Kingdom - EN France - FR Deutschland - DE España - ES Italia - IT Australia - EN Singapore - EN The B2C CRM Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Copyright © 2025 Klaviyo. All rights reserved. Site Map Terms and Privacy Security Trust Intellectual Property Notices