PlatformPricingCustomersPressBlog
Log in
Data-driven
distributed
commerce
The world’s only full-funnel consumer data
software platform, built to power customer
acquisition for leading consumer brands
Contact sales
Unified data platform
A fully integrated
suite of real-time,
evergreen data to
help brands compete
Our proprietary, full-funnel consumer data engine leverages AI and billions of events,
mapped to millions of consumers, to unlock commerce insights and revenue for brands.
Learn More
Supercharged commerce
The world’s most
powerful & easy-to-
use distributed
commerce platform
Klickly’s proprietary data and AI commerce technology powers multi-channel offer
prioritization, intelligent product discovery, in-ad purchases, and customer acquisition for
thousands of best-in-class ecommerce brands.
Learn More
How it works
Smart, end-to-end distributed commerce
Make smarter, data-driven decisions with our end-to-end, AI-powered distributed commerce solution
Lead identification
Our proprietary data engine predicts both who will buy and when they’re ready to purchase, allowing you to target the right customers at the right time.
Offer prioritization
Klickly’s AI prioritizes your brands’ products, powering dynamic, eCommerce-enabled offers that are designed to drive conversions and maximize revenue.
Omni-channel transactions
Our patented payments tech allows customers to buy from your ads and checkouts on over 25 million premium destinations, making it easy to reach target audiences on multiple channels.
Only pay for
performance
We are the only data platform that lets you choose your own
commission (and pay only on success). Why? Because we can. We
have game-changing proprietary data and AI. So, unlike other
platforms, we put our money where our mouth is and only charge
when we do what we promise: drive sales.
Contact sales
Testimonials
Thousands of brands love Klickly
“Klickly has been one of the most effective tools that we’ve used. The ability that Klickly has to get me a high return has actually blown everything else out of the water that we’ve tried.”
“I’ve been excited with the performance we’re seeing from Klickly. Setup was seamless … It’s nice to have complete control of my ROAS.”
“Your platform is a game changer and should be pushed throughout the eCommerce space.”
“I love Klickly. They enable brands to immediately stop wasting money on worthless CPM media buys and focus on driving real revenue and lowering my CPA.”
“I appreciate Klickly’s regular check-ins and have been pleased with the performance we’re seeing from Klickly ... Setup was quick and didn’t take much of my time which is important.”
“We have been more than pleased with performance. Klickly continues to meet our expectations! Setup was seamless and love the commission-based model, makes it easy to …get the most ROAS possible. I appreciate Klickly’s regular guidance with strategy when needed.”
Obsessed with
your success
New to AI-powered data and acquisition platforms? Klickly Customer
Success Experts are here to help you program, analyze, fine-tune, and
scale your account settings — supercharging your growth, targeting,
and acquisition strategy.
Metrics
The Power to Help You Scale
The depth and breadth of our platform means we’re the most powerful – and easiest – way to drive distributed commerce
10B
Comprehensive consumer events
Our platform analyzes over 10 billion full-funnel, comprehensive consumer events to provide you with the insights and AI-driven decisioning you need to succeed.
25M+
Premium eCommerce destinations
Our proprietary payments tech lets customers buy from your ads and checkouts on over 25M premium online destinations, allowing you to reach your target audience everywhere they are.
$1.2B
Underlying merchant sales
Our platform sees underlying merchant sales of over $1.2 billion every year, making our AI the most powerful and easiest way to drive distributed commerce.
>15 MIN
Account set-up and campaign launch
Our proprietary Open API Integration enables ultra-quick AI-powered onboarding and campaign launch (with no need for costly technical resources), so you can start driving revenue now.
Ready to Get
Started?
Klickly’s proprietary, full-funnel consumer data engine unlocks
end-to-end distributed-commerce for brands. Contact us to learn
more about how Klickly can help you compete
Contact sales
© Klickly, Inc
Terms
Privacy
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Press