KLTV.com -  Channel 7 News, Weather, Sports for East Texas - KLTV.com - Tyler, Longview, Jacksonville | ETX News Skip to content For Your Service Advertise With Us Teacher Tribute Health Update Shop East Texas Watch Live News Video Weather Sports Reception Issues Community Heroes Flight We the People Contests About Us KLTV.com -  Channel 7 News, Weather, Sports for East Texas - KLTV.com - Tyler, Longview, Jacksonville | ETX News Watch East Texas Now Watch Live/Watch Newscasts Big Red Box See it, Snap it, Send it Election Results News Heroes Flight Politics Military National Crime State A Better East Texas East Texas Ag News East Texas Now Pet Project Video Weather Lake Levels Pollen Count Meteorology Minute Project Tornado Thundercall - Sign Up Today Sports Cowboys Camp Local National Scoreboard The Red Zone COVID-19 Updates East Texas Kitchen Food News Kitchen Pickin' Main Dish Side Dish Desserts Recalls East Texas Weekend Community Women With Heart Scholarship Finalists Gift of Love Mark in Texas History Volunteer Central Power of Prayer D-Day in Focus Calendar Traffic Traffic On The Go TxDOT Current Road Conditions Health Queen of Clean Contests About Us Send Us A News Tip Jobs Advertise With Us Meet the Team Download Our Apps Contact Us Programming Schedule Closed Captioning NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Circle Country Gray DC Bureau PowerNation Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy History being rediscovered during restoration of Upshur County Courthouse Work continues  to restore the Upshur County Courthouse to what it was when it was built nearly 90 years ago. Crime Suspect in custody after alleged murder of family member in White Oak National New USPS rule could affect postmark dates for mail, like taxes or ballots Best Auto Accident Lawyers in East Texas Sponsored National Trump administration freezing child care funds to all states amid investigation into fraud schemes Sponsored An Unforgettable Year in the Home of Champions Sponsored Why Smart East Texas Businesses Advertise with Gray Media & East Texas Marketing Solutions TOP HEADLINES News Sheriff identifies 2 killed in Waskom fire, says foul play not suspected Updated : 6 hours ago | By Travis Noriega The Harrison County Sheriff’s Office has identified two boys who died in a house fire Monday morning. News 2 arrested in Marshall after man shot in both legs Updated : 6 hours ago | By Meredith Billings Two people, including a juvenile, have been arrested after a shooting victim was left with bullet wounds in both his legs Wednesday. News Texas sheriffs required to work with ICE under new law Updated : 7 hours ago | By Andrew Culver Beginning in 2026, sheriffs that operate a jail nationwide must comply with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Upshur County Sheriff Larry Webb says the change, locally, is just business as usual. Crime Onalaska police seek public’s help identifying suspect in vehicle burglaries Updated : 7 hours ago | By KTRE Digital Media Staff Police are investigating two vehicle burglaries that occurred in separate Onalaska neighborhoods. News Six years later, community asked to fund highway signs honoring fallen Panola County deputy Updated : 8 hours ago | By Blake Holland Donations can be made to bank account at First State Bank & Trust in Carthage News Athens man arrested for selling meth after police search Updated : 8 hours ago | By Nicholas Huber An Athens man is behind bars after a police search found methamphetamine in pre-packaged baggies and other paraphernalia in the man’s home. 7 Day Forecast LATEST VIDEO Pet Tales East Texas animal shelter gives tips to protect pets, livestock in cold weather News Six years later, community asked to fund highway signs honoring fallen Panola County deputy News History being rediscovered during restoration of Upshur County Courthouse News SPCA of East Texas hosts 4th annual NYE Ball Drop MORE NEWS Crime Man arrested in Deweyville on drug, weapon charges after ATV traffic stop Updated : 8 hours ago | By KTRE Digital Media Staff A man is facing drug and weapon charges after a Newton County deputy found suspected meth and a handgun during a traffic stop Friday. Sports Tyler Junior College football coach announces departure Updated : 9 hours ago | By Colten Sneed Tyler Junior College head football coach Tanner Jacobson announced his departure from the program after four seasons. State Texas Tech archeology team uncovers lost mission site nearly 300 years after it was last occupied Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:28 PM CST | By Dylan Villa The mission known as Nuestra Señora del Espíritu Santo, located in Jackson County, Texas, was thought to have been lost. The Texas Tech archeology team, along with a few contributors, were able to finally find this mission after lots of hard work. State Illegal Oklahoma marijuana floods north Texas Updated : 24 hours ago | By Maresa Sisk The Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics says the Sooner State is one of, if not, the largest distributor of black-market marijuana in the country. State Texas law requiring parental consent for minors downloading apps blocked days before going into effect Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:23 PM CST | By Isabella Quintanilla This year Governor Abbott signed into law Senate Bill 2420, a law requiring age verification and parental consent for minors downloading apps or making in-app purchases. Just over a week before it was set to go into effect the law was blocked by a federal judge. National Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here’s what to know Updated : 22 hours ago | By The Associated Press and LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says after a slow start to flu season in early December, much of the country is now seeing a jump in cases. News Smith County names new animal control supervisor Updated : 12 hours ago | By KLTV Digital Media Staff Smith County has announced the hiring of a new animal control supervisor. News Upcoming tax season brings changes to how tips and overtime are filed Updated : 23 hours ago | By Alex Weister Thousands of dollars in tips and overtime will now be deductible on tax returns, saving some residents on their returns. Crime Investigation leads to arrests for vehicle theft, prostitution, narcotics in Houston County Updated : 23 hours ago | By KTRE Digital Media Staff The sheriff’s office said that the amount of drug paraphernalia and the presence of narcotics was truly disturbing, as a small child of around 18 months is in and out of the home. Crime Lufkin man arrested after leading police on 100 mph chase, then crashing into culvert Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 9:12 PM CST | By KTRE Digital Media Staff A traffic stop turned into a pursuit with multiple agencies involved, leaving a car spiked and a suspect tased. News ‘I am not going anywhere’: Corrigan man remains in Ukraine to provide aid Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 7:17 PM CST | By Mariela Gonzalez When he first arrived, Timothy Six didn’t know anyone. Now he says the people he’s met in Ukraine are “literally closer to me than any family I’ve ever had.” News Commissioners approve mental health grant application for Smith County Sheriff’s Office Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:29 PM CST | By Blake Holland The program would be proactive rather than reactive, identifying influencers within the department who will be trained as part of a peer and emotional support system. MORE NEWS News Marion County man shot after ramming vehicle into fence, sheriff says Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:20 PM CST | By KLTV Digital Media Staff A Marion County man shot a person who rammed his fence with a vehicle Monday, according to the Marion County Sheriff’s Office. News Free rides available across Longview, East Texas on New Year’s Eve Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:47 PM CST | By Jamey Boyum If you have a New Year’s Eve Party to attend in East Texas, you don’t have to worry about a ride home. Longview Transit will be offering Safe Rides Home for free in the Longview city limits, and Attorneys Roberts and Roberts offer the same service in 14 East Texas Counties. East Texas Now Officials urge fireworks safety during new year’s celebrations Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:15 PM CST | By April Pierdant East Texas fireworks magnate Jim Renfro and Tyler Fire Marshal Joey Hooton speak on the importance of handling fireworks safely to prevent accidents before the new year. News 2 boys killed, father injured in Waskom house fire Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:55 PM CST | By Meredith Billings A Waskom house fire has left two Waskom ISD students dead and their father injured Tuesday. Crime 2 arrested in separate Sabine County drug cases Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:50 PM CST | By KTRE Digital Media Staff Sabine County deputies arrested two men on drug charges during separate traffic stops over two days, according to the sheriff’s office. News Sheriff: Woman missing from Timpson area reported safe Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:01 PM CST | By KTRE Digital Media Staff The Shelby County Sheriff’s Office reported that a missing Timpson-area woman is safe. News Repairs underway in Gladewater after gas leak prompts shelter in place order Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 2:52 PM CST | By KLTV Digital Media Staff A gas line is being repaired in Gladewater after a leak prompted a shelter-in-place order. News Inmates relocated as flooding continues at Trinity County jail Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 2:34 PM CST | By KTRE Digital Media Staff The Trinity County sheriff announced that all inmates have been moved due to the ongoing flooding at the county jail. National Body found in search identified as missing Texas 19-year-old Camila Mendoza Olmos: sheriff Updated : 5 hours ago | By Debra Worley and Jordan Gartner Texas authorities confirmed the body found on Tuesday was indeed that of a missing 19-year-old. National Tatiana Schlossberg, the granddaughter of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:57 PM CST | By The Associated Press Environmental journalist Tatiana Schlossberg, the granddaughter of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died. News Weather Sports Contact Us KLTV 105 West Ferguson Street Tyler, TX 75702 (903) 597-5588 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Public Inspection File FCC Applications publicfile@kltv.com - (903) 597-5588 EEO Statement Closed Captioning/Audio Description Advertising Digital Marketing Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026