KMPlayer
HOME
PC
Mobile
KMPlex
FAQ
Customer Lounge

Buy us a Coffee

한국어
English
日本語
PC 32-bit PC 64X Mac Mobile App KMP
KMPlayer - Media Player for Android/iOS
No.1 Free Media Player App
Plays all formats with extensive features
ㆍ Sharing via Wi-Fi (wireless file transfer) : Connect your mobile and PC to the same Wi-Fi network, and with a simple click on your device, you can easily transfer files.
ㆍ MyList : Create and play your own playlist.
ㆍ Quick Button : Using Quick Button, you can use various functions easily.
ㆍ Subtitle Setting : Set the subtitle size, color and position.
ㆍ Timer : Use the timer to end the video when you want.
ㆍ Equalizer : Enjoy rich audio with equalizer.
ㆍ Search : Search videos and music what you want.
ㆍ New Network Play : Network functions such as SMB, FTP, and UPNP have been enhanced.
ㆍ New Cloud Play : Cloud function has been enhanced.
ㆍ Zoom & Move : Enjoy the video zoom and pan function.
Learn more
Google Play
App Store
KMPlayer APP - Premium Features
Android
KMPlayer gets you Premium.
ㆍ Magnet Client: You can play real-time while downloading.
ㆍ GIF Toast : Create dynamic pictured GIF from your favorite video to select as you want.
ㆍ Crop Media : You can cut the desired section by selecting the media.
ㆍ MP3 Converter : You can extract form video\'s audio to MP3 converter.
ㆍ Special features will be added for Premium.
Learn more
Google Play
KMPlex - Play to Earn
Get Paid today with KMPlex!
Start earning rewards with KMPlex by simply watching videos and listening to your favorite music today!
ㆍ From KMPlayer, go to the KMPlex screen and activate the Wallet.
ㆍ Receive 50,000 points just by activating the Wallet.
ㆍ Receive triple points for the release event while completing various missions.
ㆍ Send the collected points to a personal MBL or CBK deposit address on Upbit, Gate.io, kucoin, and other exchanges. ( Exchangeable coins: MovieBloc MBL, Cobak Token CBK )
ㆍ Exchange with cash and flex!
Learn more
Google Play
App Store
KMP - Best Video Player for Android
Perfect Video Player for Android
Lightweight video player optimized for efficient performance with a clean interface!
ㆍ Universal application : It can be played in tablet or smartphone everywhere you wanted.
ㆍ Screen Setting : Zoom in/out, reversal(mirror mode & upside down)-you can setup your screen with dynamic performance.
ㆍ Section Repeat : Can play A-B sction repeatly.
ㆍ Speed control : From 0.25x slower to 4x faster, you can adjust the playback speed
ㆍ Subtitle : Enjoy the freedom of subtitle-color, location and size.
ㆍ Equalizer : Provide equalizer for more realistic play.
ㆍ Background Play : Can played the video in background.
ㆍ URL(streaming) Play : You only need to enter URL to play YouTube on KMP.
ㆍ External storage : KMP automatically scan all video file in your device and SD card.
Learn more
Google Play
KMP APP
KMPlayer 64X - Media Player for PC 64bit
Free Media Player for PC with No Advertisements
You can enjoy high quality videos such as 4K, 8K, UHD, 60FPS.
ㆍ It can play all high quality video including 4K, 8K, UHD, 60FPS
ㆍ Various media file format support
- AVI, MPEG, TS, MKV, MP4, WEBM, MOV, 3GP, 3G2, FLV, OGM, RM, WMV, MP3 etc.
ㆍ Equipped with high quality Video Renderer
ㆍ Downloading videos such as YouTube, Instagram, Daily Motion
ㆍ Upgraded music player
ㆍ Optimized for low-end PC through hardware acceleration function
ㆍ Capture video in desired format and desired format (including GIF)
Learn more
PC 64x
KMPlayer - Video Player for PC (32bit & 64bit)
Free Video Player for PC
Video player that has been loved worldwide for over 20 years
ㆍ Equipped with video and audio quality function
- video: Hardware acceleration settings, additional external codecs, etc.
- Audio: EQ, Preset, Normalize, etc.
ㆍ Supports all video, audio and subtitle files
- RTS, MPEG1, MPEG2, AAC, WMA7, WMA8, OGG, etc.
ㆍ Support 3D video playback function
- RTS, MPEG1, MPEG2, AAC, WMA7, WMA8, OGG, etc.
ㆍ URL streaming function such as radio, YouTube
ㆍ Capable of capturing in desired format, in desired format (including GIF)
ㆍ Content & Advertisement
Learn more
PC 32bit
KMPlayer
Contact us
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Instagram
Blog
Twitter
KMPlex
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Customer Lounge
KMPlayer
KMPlayer

© 2025 - PandoraTV. All Rights Reserved. Made with ♥ in Pangyo | T: +82 70-4484-7100

Stop watching today
If you satisfied with KMPlayer, buy us a coffee for whom doing good job-KMPlayer team.