Knak - No code campaign creation for marketing teams | Knak Meet the next era of AI campaign creation. Explore Knak AI. Products Customers Pricing Company Resources Login Watch a Demo Products Email Builder Create professional-looking, on-brand campaigns. Landing Page Builder Easily create landing pages that convert. Knak Enterprise No-code email and landing page creation for large marketing teams. Integrations Sync seamlessly with your marketing technology stack. Features Knak AI New Figma Plugin Knak Send Performance Insights Translations Dynamic Content Email Testing Inspiration Centre Dark Mode Connect with Knak About Get to know us! Our journey from where we started to how we got here today. Contact Get in touch about our product, your account, partnerships, and more. Newsroom Check out the latest news about Knak, access our presskit, and see our latest awards. Security Knak is SOC 2 compliant. See how we keep your data safe and secure. We're Hiring! Careers Ready for your next big career move? Join our all-star team! Reviews See Knak's G2 reviews Library The Knak Blog The latest from Knak's email marketing experts. Updated weekly. Unsubscribed! Podcast Explore disruptive perspectives in marketing and technology, hosted by co-founder & CEO, Pierce Ujjainwalla. Email Gallery Discover inspiration and elevate your marketing with stunning designs and layouts. Landing Page Gallery Explore captivating designs and optimize your conversions with inspiring layouts. Resources A collection of guides, tips, best practices, and more from our Knak experts. Knowledge Base Learn and master Knak with our comprehensive documentation. The Knak Blog 2026 Email Marketing Trends Unsubscribed! Podcast #53 Evaluating Martech, Empowering Creativity, and Rolling-out New Tools at An Enterprise Scale Watch a Demo Products Email Builder Create professional-looking, on-brand campaigns. Landing Page Builder Easily create landing pages that convert. Knak Enterprise No-code email and landing page creation for large marketing teams. Integrations Sync seamlessly with your marketing technology stack. Features Knak AI Figma Plugin Knak Send Performance Insights Translations Dynamic Content Email Testing Inspiration Centre Dark Mode Customers Pricing About About Get to know us! Our journey from where we started to how we got here today. Contact Get in touch about our product, your account, partnerships, and more. Newsroom Check out the latest news about Knak, access our presskit, and see our latest awards. Security Knak is SOC 2 compliant. See how we keep your data safe and secure. Resources The Knak Blog The latest from Knak's email marketing experts. Updated weekly. Unsubscribed! Podcast Explore disruptive perspectives in marketing and technology, hosted by co-founder & CEO, Pierce Ujjainwalla. Email Gallery Discover inspiration and elevate your marketing with stunning designs and layouts. Landing Page Gallery Explore captivating designs and optimize your conversions with inspiring layouts. Resources A collection of guides, tips, best practices, and more from our Knak experts. Knowledge Base Learn and master Knak with our comprehensive documentation. We're Hiring! Top Rated on G2 Login No-code email and landing page creation Make campaign creation fast and easy with Knak See it in action Trusted by the world’s biggest brands. Emails & Landing Pages A purpose built no code creation platform from inspiration to execution. Improves Your Current Stack Transform your existing tech stack to give your marketers what they really need. Always on Brand Brand guardrails that enable creativity where you want it and not where you don’t. Emails & Landing Pages A purpose built no code creation platform from inspiration to execution. Improves Your Current Stack Transform your existing tech stack to give your marketers what they really need. Eloqua R esponsys Pa r dot Mar k eting Cloud Campaign Journ e y Optimi z er Mar k e t o Many other integrations and a fully open API. See all integrations Always on Brand Brand guardrails that enable creativity where you want it and not where you don’t. Modules Colors F on t s Watch a Demo One platform for the entire creation journey Not just another builder tool Inspire See hundreds of emails & landing pages from the world's best brands to pick from to provide inspiration. Create Build on-brand assets with an easy to use editor experience that anyone can use. Personalize Add dynamic content to your emails to boost your performance and increase audience engagement. Translate Automatically translate your copy with the click of a button - no importing or exporting files. Optimize Asset creation co-pilot helps your users make flawless emails and landing pages, the first time. Test Build AND render test your emails in the same place - no need to switch to another application. Collaborate Drop pins and tag colleagues in real-time - no more sending test emails or annotating PDFs. Approve Setup approvals so that nothing can go out until it gets the appropriate approval. Sync One-click, sync your asset to your Marketing Automation Platform or ESP. Stats 95 % faster speed to market 22 min to create and launch email 1000000 + assets created Trusted by the world's biggest brands. Results Revealed: The Success of Implementing Knak at Google Read the Story How Amazon Is Redefining the Modern Marketer Read the Story Knak returns creative control to the DISH marketing department Read the Story Knak saves the day at Guild Education Read the Story We avoided $2 million in incremental costs, allowing us to scale and grow at the necessary pace.” Charles Eichenbaum Director of Demand Operations and Marketer Enablement, Google User-friendly and primed for scale - it's just what we needed to speed up our campaign deployment.” Patrick Monk Head of Marketing Strategy and Operations, Uber No one needs to know how to code, we went from two builders at Palo Alto to now nearly 200.” Gina Novacco Senior Global Digital Campaign Ops, Palo Alto Networks Knak makes my job smoother and helps our whole team deliver top-notch campaigns faster.” Andres Jimenez Marketing Automation Consultant, Stripe The quick deployment of campaigns ensures we operate at a peak efficiency level, allowing us to scale up our efforts with less friction.” Alex Vallejo Senior Marketing Automation Specialist, IEEE For someone in marketing automation like me, the quick deployment, efficient scaling, and dynamic content personalization are total wins.” McKayla Gallup Marketing Automation Specialist, Portland Trail Blazers Knak Blog 2026 Email Marketing Trends Written by Mitch Collins Dec 22, 2025 Customer Success Stories How Henry Schein Streamlined Creative-to-Campaign Workflows with Knak See how Henry Schein unified creative and operations, cut rebuild time, and scaled campaigns globally with Knak’s Figma plugin and Marketo integration. Product Announcement Game-changing AI campaign creation is here. And we’re just getting started! Q4 Update Dec 18, 2025 Events B2BMX 2026 Carlsbad, California Mar 9-11, 2026 Ready to see Knak in action? Get a demo and discover how visionary marketers use Knak to speed up their campaign creation. Watch a Demo Knak is the next-era AI campaign creation platform for enterprise marketing teams, speeding up campaign creation and giving marketers more creative control. knak. AI Knak Enterprise Integrations Customers Pricing Inspiration Centre Email Gallery Landing Page Gallery Translations Email Testing Dark Mode Dynamic Content Figma Plugin Knak Send Performance Insights Marketo Templates No-Code Enterprise Emails Company About Careers Newsroom Blog Resources Contact Knowledge Base Archives Social Copyright © 2026 Knak Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy Policy Security Subprocessors Terms & Conditions