Global Real Estate Consultants | Knight Frank About Contact us Careers Research Blog My Knight Frank Services Your partner in property We have expertise catering to every type of property requirement – locally, nationally and internationally. Residential Commercial Residential Services Global Residential Property Private Office Global Valuation & Advisory New Developments and Branded Residences International Vineyard Services View All Commercial Services Occupier Strategy and Solutions Global Capital Markets Global Valuation and Advisory View All Insights Our Insights Blog Sharing global news, insights and showcasing inspiring homes within our network. Read the blog The Intelligence Lab Up-to-the-minute global property market insights. Read the latest research Intelligent Talks Our podcast series on property trends and forecasts Listen now Research Library Reports by our global research network examining all aspects of the market. Download the reports Your partners in property Let us know how we can help Residential Commercial View any properties that contain the word(s) "{0}" Buy Rent Invest Occupy We are aware that fraudsters use property advertisements on classified portals to pose as real estate agents, sometimes referencing official websites such as this one. Please note, we will never ask for funds in advance in order to book a property viewing and our staff will always use an email which ends with knightfrank.com. If you have any concerns with an issue related to this, email us Since 1896, we've been your trusted partners in property. We work responsibly in partnership to enhance people’s lives and environments. Founded in 1896 and headquartered in London, UK, Knight Frank is one of the world's leading independent real estate consultancies. About Us Our Global Services Global Residential Property Occupier Strategy and Solutions Global Capital Markets Global Valuation and Advisory Explore how we can help you Global Residential Property Our global sales network is involved with the most prestigious residential properties around the world. Occupier Strategy and Solutions We partner with you to understand your strategic needs and deliver bespoke, intelligent solutions you can rely on. Global Capital Markets Global multi-sector real estate expertise supporting a fully integrated capital markets platform. Global Valuation and Advisory Our Knight Frank Valuation & Advisory experts provide a comprehensive range of single and portfolio valuations, market appraisals and consultancy services across both commercial and residential sectors. Private Office Access to the best of Knight Frank – expertise, global connectivity and deal flow. Careers at Knight Frank Exceptional people are at the heart of Knight Frank. To discover how exceptional you can be, explore current opportunities and apply to join us. Research and Publications Stay up to date with our research and flagship publications. The Wealth Report - 2025 The Wealth Report is the ultimate guide to prime property markets, global wealth distribution, the t Active Capital The Report - 2024 Active Capital gives a unique insight into the dynamics of the real estate capital markets around… Quantifying ESG in real estate - 2022 This report covers a selection of our recent analytical projects, as well as practical applications… View all research The Intelligence Lab Knight Frank's cutting-edge, data-led research, examining important trends across the global property market. The Global Branded Residence Survey 2025 For this year’s Global Branded Residence Survey, we assessed the portfolios of nearly 80 luxury… Inside story Interior design is crucial not just to how a space looks, but how it feels – and how it performs.… Health centred Wellness at home used to mean a small gym and maybe a sauna in the basement. Not any more. The… How to build a branded residence A step-by-step guide, according to the people who actually do it Visit the Intelligence Lab Blogs Read our property blog to discover residential & commercial market trends, inspiring lifestyles, advice, new homes and global real estate news. Asia-Pacific logistics H2 2024: Stable fundamentals amid slowing growth Asia-Pacific prime office rents endure a seventh consecutive decline in Q1 2024 Pockets of strength: Seoul and Taipei defy the declining trend with multi-year highs Empowering sustainable land use We're proud to work in partnership with Trinity Natural Capital Pro Council. Together we aim to… Asia-Pacific healthcare evolution: emerging opportunities and challenges Visit the blog Residential Property Find a property to buy in the UK Find a property to buy in London, UK Find a property to rent in the UK Find a property to rent in London, UK Find a property to buy in Europe, Africa and the Americas Find a property to buy in Madrid Tenant fees - Non ASTS Tenant fees - ASTS Landlord fees Rural Consultancy Agricultural Consultancy Forestry Services Management Services Compulsory Purchase Data Analytics and Mapping ESG Agricultural Finance Viticulture Commercial Commercial property Find a property to rent in the UK Find a property to rent in London, UK Offices to Rent Birmingham Investment Development Residential Property Investment International Property Investment Fund management Development Residential Development Commercial Property Investment New Homes Land Valuation and Advisory About Knight Frank About Us Our Awards My Knight Frank Wealth Report Our App Blog Research - Intelligence Lab Recruitment Contact Us Contact our PR Team Client Money Protection Statement of Tax Principles & Strategy Redress Scheme Details SIP and Summary Investment Arrangement Engagement Policy Statement Online Property Valuation Guidance to protect against fraud Stay connected Sign up to My Knight Frank Terms and Conditions Group Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Statement Global Policies Copyright © 2025 Knight Frank Get In Touch First Name Please enter your first name Last Name Please enter your last name Email address Please enter a valid email address Phone number (optional) How can we help you? Please enter how we can help you Your privacy We take the processing and privacy of your information very seriously. Your data is collected and used in accordance with our Terms and Conditions and Global Privacy Policy . Find out how we use your personal information . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Submit Thank you for getting in touch A member of our team will be in touch with you as soon as possible to discuss your enquiry. We look forward to speaking to you soon. Sorry! An unexpected error has occurred. Please try again later. Global Global Africa Botswana English Egypt English Kenya English Malawi English Nigeria English Rwanda English South Africa English Tanzania English Uganda English Zambia English Zimbabwe English Asia Pacific Australia English Cambodia English Chinese Mainland 中文 English Hong Kong SAR 中文 English India English Indonesia English Japan English Malaysia English New Zealand English Philippines English Singapore English South Korea English 한국어 Taipei 中文 Thailand ไทย English Vietnam English Europe Austria English Belgium English Français Nederlands Bulgaria English Czech Republic Čeština English Denmark English Finland English France Français English Germany - Berlin Deutsch English Germany - Frankfurt Deutsch English Germany - Munich Deutsch English Greece English Hungary Hungarian English Iceland English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Monaco English Netherlands English Poland Polski English Portugal English Romania English Serbia English Spain Español English Sweden English Switzerland English UK English Middle East UAE English Bahrain English Qatar English Saudi Arabia السعودية العربية English America USA English Canada English Caribbean English Global English English English English English English English English English English English English English 中文 English 中文 English English English English English English English English English 한국어 中文 ไทย English English English English Français Nederlands English Čeština English English English Français English Deutsch English Deutsch English Deutsch English English Hungarian English English English Italiano English English English Polski English English English English Español English English English English English English English السعودية العربية English English English English