One Platform for Data Discovery, Management and Visualization, Regardless of Technical Expertise - knoema.com Skip to Content  [accesskey '1'] You can also use Alt+C and Alt+X to switch between important focus areas Go to Login page [accesskey '3'] DataHub Overview Access Search Catalog Analytics Workspace Administration Solutions Digital Transformation Workflow Automation Insights Data Stories Industry Briefs Company About Team en English Deutsch العربية português русский español हिन्दी 日本語 français 中文 Access Personal Account An error occurred. Details Hide You have unsaved pages. Restore Cancel ENTERPRISE DATAHUB FOR IT & BUSINESS LEADERS Search, Discover, Catalog and Access Your Data Seamlessly EMPOWER YOUR BUSINESS LEADERS WITH ACCESSIBLE AND ACTIONABLE DATA - NO CODING INVOLVED. Knoema’s DataHub solves enterprise workflow challenges across all areas of the business by being the lens on top of any enterprise’s data assets. Learn More Search & Access Data 8x reduction in time to value in comparison to internal build Seamless connectivity to internal and third-party data Fast and simple search to discover new data Data accessibility during cloud adoption and digital transformation Cost savings of 89% by using Knoema’s DataHub, versus building internally. Learn More Drive Value with Catalog 96%  reduction in time to discover, from 10 hours to 20 minutes. Our catalog continues to grow through new datasets everyday. Find 1st party, public, or 3rd party data with ease. Add new data subscriptions without overhead. Filter across your data, your 3rd party licensed data, and new data that is pre-integrated into Knoema to get the right data for your needs. 11.1b+ time series 220+ topics 270+ sources Learn More Gain Insights. Take Action. 50% more time spent analyzing data versus managing data pipelines Build insights from data Insight and action based on unique user workflows Foster and achieve organizational data literacy Intergrate and embed insights into other solutions Track action and usage with data governance tools Inspiration for new insights starts with powerful tools for data analysis, visualization, and presentation that are integrated with an enterprise’s external and internal data sources. Easily create data-driven stories that are always up-to-date and accessible from web or other applications — ready to transform your insights into action. Learn More Data That's Always Ready If you work with data of any kind, you are likely spending more than 90% of your time preparing the data for analysis. The Knoema DataHub platform has eliminated this inefficient process for thousands of analysts and consultants across industries. Contact Us Knoema, an Eldridge business, is the premier data platform and the most comprehensive source of global decision-making data in the world. Our revolutionary technology changes the way individuals and organizations discover, visualize, model, and present their data and the world's data to facilitate better decisions and better outcomes. Knoema About Team Help Contact Us Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Knoema All rights reserved Our Privacy Statement & Cookie Policy Okay to continue Our website uses cookies to improve your online experience. They were placed on your computer when you launched this website. You can change your personal cookie settings through your internet browser settings. Privacy Policy