KnownSRV - Managed and Secure Europe Hosting with Guaranteed Privacy Home Hosting Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Cloud VPS Dedicated Servers Unmetered Servers Services Domains About Company Terms of Service Privacy Policy Client Area Protect Your Business! Fast, Secure and Managed Hosting
                                        Solutions that safeguard your Privacy.
                                        One of the strictest privacy laws in
                                        Europe and our continued commitment to
                                        protecting online businesses has made us
                                        the top choice for thousands of
                                        satisfied
                                        customers. Our systems make your web-sites always available and loading blazing fast. We guarantee fast and reliable service. Our hosting
                        experts are always there for you to keep this
                        promise. No delays, No excuses! 24 hours a day 7 days a week 365 days a year Web Hosting $2.95 / month 5 GB RAID10 SSD Space Unmetered Quality Bandwidth cPanel Control Panel Softaculous Unlimited Domain Names Unlimited Email Accounts Free
                                                Website Migration! order now View packages Cloud VPS $9.95 / month 20 GB RAID10 SSD Space 1 TB Quality Bandwidth 1 GB Dedicated RAM 1x 3.2GHz CPU cores Dedicated Resources SolusVM Control Panel Fully
                                                Managed VPS! order now View packages Dedicated $109.95 / month Intel E5-1650v2 6x 3.5GHz Cores 16 GB DDR3 RAM 2x 240GB SSD 50 TB Bandwidth 2 IPv4 Addresses Fully
                                                Managed Server! order now View packages Unbeatable Guarantees You will be totally amazed with our services! Security and Privacy The safety and privacy of your business is
                                    our top priority. We have put an extensive
                                    legal and technical systems in place to
                                    guarantee that you will never be
                                    compromised. Friendly Support Our friendly team of hosting experts are
                                    always here to help you. When we say 24/7,
                                    we
                                    mean it. Holidays, day or night, we will
                                    never let you down! Guaranteed Uptime We understand that your business and your site depend on constant availability. Every minute of downtime is a minute too much. We guarantee 99.9% SLA uptime. It is a promise! Fully Managed! All of our services are fully managed. That
                                    means we will help you around the clock with
                                    everything you may need. We configure,
                                    optimize and secure your server
                                    to ensure the best possible performance,
                                    safety and privacy. DDoS Protection With over 2000 Gbps (2 Tbps) of internet
                                    capacity, we can handle any attack, no
                                    matter
                                    the size or duration. With strategically
                                    placed scrubbing centers across Europe,
                                    powered by the Corero Smartwall technology,
                                    your server will remain online, no matter
                                    what. Refund Policy We stand behind our quality of service. We provide
                                    30 days money back guarantee NO QUESTIONS ASKED! If you are moving hosts we will handle the migration! Are you currently with another host? No worries, we will migrate everything for you:
                        no downtime, no problems, no fuss! All of your data,
                        including files, databases, emails,
                        configurations and everything else will be migrated
                        safely to us. We will handle absolutely
                        everything, even multiple websites or large
                        infrastructures. Migrate now Over 5000 Satisfied Customers! "My company has been using KnownSRV services to serve Counter Strike downloads to our clients all around the world for over 4 years now. We have always been very satisfied with quality bandwidth KnownSRV provides and fast download speed we get from KnownSRV. Network is top notch and support is always here when needed and willing to help in every case." www.cs-skini.me "We are a digital agency and we have been using KnownSRV Hosting Services from day we had a single shared hosting. Then we scaled to a VPS
and now we have several dedicated servers for our client websites. KnownSRV's services have been outstanding. 
Our sites are always fast and online. KnownSRV support team is extremely helpful and they have never let us down, no matter what the issue was." www.social-wizard.com "We run the biggest gaming portal in the EX-YU area. We have several dedicated servers at KnownSRV which run perfectly. Like any other gaming portal, DDoS attacks are our biggest issue but KnownSRV is always there to help out during DDoS attacks we get. Never got tired from applying patches for us to filter out latest bypasses and keep us up and running!" www.gametracker.rs Award winning Service and Uptime Protect your Online Business Now! You've questions or need assistance? Get in touch
                            with our friendly support for more
                            information. contact
                                    support order
                                    hosting Our Services Shared Hosting Reseller Hosting Virtual Private Servers Dedicated Servers Unmetered Servers Domain Names All Services Quick Links Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Us Contact us Customer Tools Client Area Customer Support Your Invoices Affiliates Network Status We’re Social! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Visit
                                        Our Help Desk Copyright © 2026 KnownSRV. All Rights Reserved.