Login
Empowering Cookieless Publishers

Drive higher CPMs and better engagement providing the best perfomance by our pioneering data platform.
Maximize your advertising and commerce revenue with our diverse suite of tools.

10B
Monthly Page Views
150
Premium Publishers
Helping publishers remain independent and thrive on the open web.
and thrive on the open web.
Trusted by leading partners, Embraced by premium publishers
Turbocharging Bidstream
Leaders in Curation
The Most Adopted ID Solution

The go-to addressability solution for thousands of publishers and top platforms worldwide  

Better Perfomance

Data-driven strategies to boost your bid rate  and CPM.

Optimize Your Yield

Kuantyx fights to get you fair value for your inventory, counteracting buy-side compression.

Private Marketplace Deals

Sell your top-performing ad inventory to buyers at a premium rate.

About us
Real time bid request enrichment turbocharged with audience data and context that drives both the volume of RTB auction bidders and higher pricing.

In a world where DSPs are no longer able to provide granular 3rd party data to media buyers, the ability to provide audience data will shift to publishers and their SSP platforms to provide at the time of bid.Hadron ID™ is a game-changer for real time audience identification, and RTB headerbidding - turbocharging the bidstream with targeted DMP and PMP segmentation.

Get Started
Increase Fill Rates

Sovrn fights to get you fair value for your inventory, counteracting buy-side compression.

Diversified Revenue

Choose how best to reach your preferred advertisers.

Your trusted partner

Maximize ad inventory performance and command higher rates by tapping into the value of attention

Proven track record of success
Attention Deals
Tailored digital solutions
Curated Packages
Contact
Power to the publisher.
Join forces to build powerful advertising stack.

Ready to maximize revenue from every ad?

Get Started Now

Optimize your cross-channel revenue and user experience across online display, video, mobile, web, in-app, CTV

ssp@kuantyx.com
50 Bonham Strand
Hong Kong
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2025 KUANTYX MEDIA LIMITED.