How it works
Blog
Log in
Sign up free
Love what you do and make money too

Join all types of creators getting tips, memberships and sales from their fans!

Get started
Payday your way

Decide how you want to earn, set your own terms and get paid directly. All from one place, at your own pace.

Learn how Ko-fi works
Creators of all kinds, all kind!

From podcasts to cosplay, pixel art to crochet.

Streamers
Artists
Writers
Crafters
Podcasters
Video Creators
Cosplayers
Musicians
Developers
Communities

Example creators using Ko-fi

Drakoniques
 200+ Supporters
Peter Webby
 95+ Supporters
Shenanjegans
 320+ Supporters
The home of creative joy

When did churning out content, maximizing metrics and pushing for profit become standard?

At Ko-fi we don’t conform to that kind of ‘norm’.

Whether you’re making things and putting them out there or you’re showing the love for those that do – Ko-fi exists so that you can create, share, connect and support each other on your own terms.

Together we’re building a place where everyone can celebrate the joy of being free to explore your passions at your own pace.

Read Ko-fi's story
What is Ko-fi?
Ko-fi helps creators make an income from your biggest fans. Whether you’re an artist, streamer or any kind of creator you can accept tips, set up memberships, take requests and sell your work - all in one place.
How does 
Ko-fi
 work?

It’s simple! Create a free account, connect your own payment method (you get paid directly on Ko-fi), share it with your fans, and start earning in just a few minutes!

Ko-fi has everything you need to create, share and make money in one place and on your own terms.

Does 
Ko-fi
 take a fee?
There's no monthly fee so we only make money when you do. To cover our costs of running and building the service, Ko-fi takes a creator friendly 0-5% fee. Learn more about our pricing here.
Can I use Ko-fi if I’m just starting out?
Absolutely! Ko-fi is perfect for creators of all sizes. We're all about letting you do your thing, at your pace – no need to rush or churn out content to a schedule. Grow your support at your own pace without the pressure.
How do I get paid on Ko-fi?

You get paid directly and instantly into your own PayPal or Stripe account. Ko-fi never processes or holds funds, so no waiting around for payouts.

Supporters can pay you via PayPal, Cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay, Venmo, CashApp and loads of local payment methods.

They’re your fans so they’re your payments!

How is Ko-fi different from other services like Patreon?

Ko-fi puts creators first, giving you full control over how you connect with your fans.

You decide what to offer, set your own prices and terms and get paid directly and instantly through your own PayPal or Stripe account.

Unlike other sites, we don’t process transactions or control the relationship you have with your fans. We just give you the tools to help you grow.

Make money
doing what you love
ko-fi.com/
Features
Tips
Memberships
Shop
Commissions
Stream Alerts
Pricing
Patreon alternative
Use Ko-fi with
Instagram
YouTube
TikTok
Twitch
X/Twitter
Medium
Facebook
GitHub
Discord
Help & Support
Brand assets
Ko-fi blog
Help
WordPress plugin
About Ko-fi
Our story
We're hiring!
Cookie settings
Terms
Privacy
Copyright policy
Ko-fi Labs ©2025