Koddi. A New Vision For All Commerce Media Skip to content Solutions Back Solutions Ad platforms for sellers Back Ad platforms for sellers Koddi Ads Koddi SSP for Publishers Ad platforms for buyers Back Ad platforms for buyers Koddi Enterprise Koddi Demand Koddi SSP for Advertisers Who we serve Back Who we serve Retail Travel Home Services Financial Services Automotive Real Estate Quick-Service Restaurants Partners Developers Back Developers Getting started Documentation Engineering API status Privacy center Company Back Company About us Careers & culture Our people News and events Contact us Insights Back Insights Insights overview Case studies Koddi Academy Resources Blog Get in touch Solutions Partners Developers Company Insights Get in touch Ad platforms for sellers Koddi Ads Ad serving, planning, and operations for on-site, off-site, and in-store ads. Koddi SSP for Publishers The first SSP to serve all commerce media formats programmatically: sponsored listings, display, in-store screens, and audio. Ad platforms for buyers Koddi Enterprise Advanced solutions for scaling enterprise-level marketing campaigns Koddi Demand Drive franchise growth with tailored marketing and AI optimization Koddi SSP for Advertisers Access exclusive inventory from commerce media networks through your DSP of choice Who we serve Retail Travel Home Services Financial Services Automotive Real Estate Quick-Service Restaurants Developers Getting started Learn how to begin with Koddi’s enterprise tools Documentation Access technical guides and integration support Engineering Dig deeper into Koddi's technology with insights from our experts API status Live updates on API uptime Privacy center Your guide to Koddi’s privacy-first approach and compliance Company About us Discover our story, mission, and achievements Careers & culture Explore career opportunities and our core values Our people Meet the teams driving innovation at Koddi News and events Latest company updates, events, and announcements Contact us Reach out for inquiries, support, or partnerships Insights Insights overview Expert resources and trends for informed commerce media decisions Case studies Tailored support for achieving impactful commerce media results Koddi Academy Commerce media certification and expert training Resources Comprehensive guides, tools, and industry insights Blog Latest trends, tips, and thought leadership AI-powered commerce media built for scale Flexible by design. Driven by results. Create valuable commerce experiences, unlock incremental demand, activate omnichannel campaigns, and grow your way. Build a commerce media ecosystem driven by technology, teams, and partnerships built for measurable performance. Koddi built the technology for 4 of the world's billion dollar commerce media networks 89% of employees are in tech or customer success roles 11 years global enterprise experience Benchmark your commerce media maturity: Exclusive “All commerce media playbook” now available Conducted by Forrester Consulting and commissioned by Koddi, download the “All commerce media playbook” for an analysis of commerce media maturity by industry, with cross-vertical insights and actionable playbooks for advancement. Download your copy today Combining the best talent with cutting-edge technology Koddi’s people and platform are transforming how leading commerce companies and advertisers leverage the power of commerce media to achieve unparalleled growth in retail, travel, auto, CPG and other verticals. We put you in control and give you the flexibility to get the results you need, faster. Koddi. For all commerce media. ™ $40B Customer transaction value driven by Koddi’s technology. Average NPS score of “Excellent” or “World-Class”. Increase your revenue with our industry-leading core platform KODDI IS TRUSTED BY Work with the most customer-centric company in commerce media. Koddi isn’t just about cutting-edge technology—it’s about people. With an industry-leading NPS score of 77, our commitment to customer satisfaction speaks for itself.* By blending powerful, customizable tech solutions with dedicated, hands-on support, we help businesses navigate complex challenges and achieve their goals. Our proven success with world-leading commerce media networks means we’re ready to deliver tailored solutions for you, too. *This statement reflects Koddi’s 2024 NPS score PLATFORMS Our platform + your business Industry and vertical agnostic, Koddi is the technology provider the world’s largest commerce companies and advertisers are switching to. Koddi Ads Koddi SSP Koddi Demand Koddi Enterprise KODDI ADS Fewer trade-offs, better choices Commerce media is having a moment. But too many trade-offs are keeping too many organizations from making the most of it. Before Koddi, the market lacked solutions that offered a unique experience. Outsourcing often resulted in lower profit margins and a loss of control, while in-housing came with high costs and complexities. Now, there’s a better option. With Koddi, you can combine the capabilities of a commerce media platform with customizable options to meet any business requirement. Learn more KODDI SSP Bridging the gap between programmatic advertising and commerce media The first solution bringing together commerce media and programmatic advertising – for the better. It seamlessly opens up new avenues of growth by connecting commerce media networks and advertisers via major DSPs across all ad formats, including sponsored listing ads. For Advertisers For Publishers KODDI DEMAND Maximize your returns, minimize your competitors’ gains Koddi Demand is a comprehensive, data-driven solution tailored to the specific multi-channel marketing needs of franchisee businesses. It offers advanced automation, precise campaign control, and deep analytics to optimize marketing strategies. Koddi Demand provides media and budget management tools developed specifically for local-level or franchisee teams to empower and unify marketing efforts. Learn more KODDI ENTERPRISE Giving you more More flexibility. More oversight. More tools. More performance. More of the things that high-performing enterprise brands need to manage, optimize and grow in highly competitive markets. Koddi Enterprise provides the tools and capabilities for precise marketing management for brands across metasearch, paid search, social, and sponsored listings channels, backed by data and automation. Learn more Services Program management Offers strategic consulting services to commerce media networks on building and scaling their commerce media program. Technical account management Optimizes spend and yield for thousands of advertisers to maximize performance and revenue. Media execution Experts at growing media revenue from new and existing advertisers. Professional services Excels in delivering tailored software engineering services that accelerate customers’ roadmaps. INDUSTRIES Built for all commerce media, Koddi can empower any industry to drive revenue Koddi offers comprehensive, data-driven solutions tailored to the specific needs of any commerce-driven vertical. Retail Travel Home Services Financial Services Automotive Real Estate Quick-Service Restaurant s "Koddi is very flexible– they have talented people and they do really care about your business." Customer feedback, NPS survey You may be interested in Blog Five things commerce media networks need to get right in 2026 Learn more about
                        Five things commerce media networks need to get right in 2026 Blog Culture at scale: The power of giving back Learn more about
                        Culture at scale: The power of giving back Blog Moving beyond ROAS in commerce media Learn more about
                        Moving beyond ROAS in commerce media Blog Introducing Growth insights: Driving yield optimization and incremental sales opportunities Learn more about
                        Introducing Growth insights: Driving yield optimization and incremental sales opportunities Blog How Koddi’s Semantic Search redefines relevancy for commerce media Learn more about
                        How Koddi’s Semantic Search redefines relevancy for commerce media Blog Culture at scale: Building a company that wins on values Learn more about
                        Culture at scale: Building a company that wins on values GET IN TOUCH Ready to get started? Partner with Koddi to unlock the power of commerce media and transform the way you engage with your customers. Our team of experts is here to help you navigate complexities and develop a strategy that drives results — no matter what industry. Platforms Koddi Ads Koddi SSP for Advertisers Koddi SSP for Publishers Koddi Enterprise Koddi Demand Industries Retail Travel Home Services Automotive Financial Services Real Estate Quick-Service Restaurants Company About us Our people Careers News & events Partners Contact us Developers Getting started Documentation Engineering API status Privacy center Insights Case studies Koddi Academy Resources Blog ACCREDITATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS 2025
                    Copyright © Koddi Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Transparency in coverage Do not sell my personal information Koddi terms of use