Announcing 1Password®
Extended Access Management
Kolide Device Trust is now part of 1Password® Extended Access Management. Check out the blog post by former Kolide CEO Jason Meller to learn about the next evolution in user-first security.
Read the Announcement
Use Cases Features Pricing Resources Watch Demo Talk To Sales Sign In
Self-Remediation via Okta
Engage end-users during auth to self-remediate issues
Security & Compliance Checks
Monitor your entire Linux, Mac, and Windows fleet
Device Inventory
Your fleet represented in thousands of data points
Implement Zero Trust Access
Prevent unsecure devices from accessing your apps
Achieve 100% Device Compliance
Measure, achieve, and maintain your compliance goals
Gain Fleet Visibility
Become "all knowing" across Linux, Mac, and Windows
Help / Docs
Product Changelog
App Security
Company
From the blog
Introducing Mobile Checks
Better Together: New 1Password Checks
Introducing 1Password® Extended Access Management With Kolide
Kolide ensures that
if a device isn't secure,
it can't access your apps.
Achieve Zero Trust Access
Device Posture for Okta Users
Works on Mac, Windows, Linux, iOS, & Android
Watch The Demo
People really feel empowered about their devices. They understand what's failing, why it's failing, why that's important, and how to fix it.
Tim Fitzgerald - Manager, IT Systems
Watch the Customer Interview
User-first security that works with employees
Kolide doesn't just block users, it teaches them how to fix security problems, getting them back to work without needing help from IT.
Conditional Access Management with Kolide
macOS: Filevault Not Enabled On Primary Disk
Why is this a problem?

FileVault full-disk encryption (FileVault 2) helps prevent unauthorized access your startup disk. Disk encryption is a basic requirement for devices that may contain proprietary information like intellectual property or customer data. Even if your device does not have this data today, you are still strongly encouraged to encrypt your device as soon as you can.

How do I fix this?

To fix this problem, follow these simple steps...

Device Health
A complete picture
of your fleet
A single platform with thousands of data points and device posture checks across your entire fleet.
Device Posture with Kolide
How it Works
Look under
the hood
Our docs answer your questions about how to implement, manage, and customize Kolide.
Read the Docs
Serious about security and privacy.
Kolide believes Zero Trust works best when it respects end-user privacy and agency.
Read Honest Security
More From Kolide
Deep-dives, tutorials, and thought leadership.
DEEP DIVES
Can BYOD Policies Be Compatible With Good Security?
Elaine Atwell
TUTORIALS
How to Use Kolide to Patch Vulnerable Macs
Jason Meller
DEEP DIVES
What Is Device Trust?
Elaine Atwell
Get Started
Ready to see Kolide in action?
Watch The Demo
  
GET STARTED
Watch The Demo
Talk To Sales
Honest Security
COMMUNITY
Blog / Changelog
Open-Source
Macadmins Slack
PRODUCT
Get Compliant
Fleet Visibility
Checks
Inventory
RESOURCES
Status
Product Docs
Pricing
App Security
About Us
© Copyright 2025 Kolide, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sign In Privacy Policy Terms