Kolibri Games - Reinventing Idle Games Our Story Games Careers Contact Contact Us Press Room Blog With the best teams, we make games players enjoy for many years. See How We Work News Game Design Behind The Scenes Find out how our art and design teams create the unique Kolibri visual identity, recognized by millions of players worldwide blog Kolibri Games Surpasses 250 Million Downloads Milestone Kolibri Games Surpasses 250 Million Downloads Milestone The Berlin-based developer, whose first release, Idle Miner Tycoon heralded a new chapter in the idle games, has surpassed a quarter of a billion global downloads across its growing portfolio. Berlin, 10 November 2022 | Kolibri Games has reached a new milestone in its storied history. The company,… press Introducing Super Manager 2.0 Super Managers = Super Engagement blog Idle Miner Tycoon Our original hit and a thrilling mobile simulation game that will take you on an exciting journey to becoming an industrial tycoon. games Idle Miner Tycoon games Who We Are Our Story From humble beginnings in a student flat to leading the idle genre. We've come a long way. Find out how we got where we are today. About Us Our Games Our games are enjoyed by millions of players around the world. With our trademark style and unique development process, we've revolutionized the idle genre. Our Portfolio Join the Team! We offer a dynamic work environment that empowers people to level up in their careers. Interested in shaping the future of the mobile games industry? Check out our open positions. Apply Now Life at Kolibri Games Interested in learning more about what makes us unique? Our blog tells the story of life at Kolibri Games and the people who make us stand-out. Read More Social Impact We're committed to playing our part in improving the world around us. Whether it be sustainability or community engagement, we're active outside of just the games industry. Learn More Additional Resources Contact Careers Social Impact Press Press Room Media Press Kit Legal Information Impressum Terms and Conditions | DE Privacy Policy - Website | DE Privacy Policy - Games | DE Cookies Let's Connect