Home - KONE China Home KONE Online KONE China Search Contact us New buildings New buildings Discover how KONE provides world-class services and innovative solutions for new buildings – all you need for smooth people flow New buildings > Elevators Discover KONE Elevators for various building types and building needs. Click to read more! New buildings > Elevators > KONE MiniSpace™ DX Discover the KONE MiniSpace ™ DX, an efficient and safe elevator solution for residential and commercial buildings. New buildings > Elevators > KONE MonoSpace® DX Discover the KONE MonoSpace® DX, a flexible and diverse elevator solution for residential and commercial buildings. New buildings > Elevators > KONE Transys™ DX Discover the KONE Transys™ DX, a heavy-duty service elevator for commercial buildings, including office, retail, hotel, public transportation, and airport facilities. New buildings > Elevators > KONE Bed elevator Discover the KONE Bed elevator, designed especially for hospitals. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks Discover our industry-leading escalators and moving walkway solutions, which set the standard for safety, quality, eco-efficiency, and visual design. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks > TravelMaster escalator Learn more about the highly eco-efficient KONE TravelMaster escalator – optimized for retail environments to ensure a pleasant shopping experience. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks > TravelMaster Inclined autowalk An inclined autowalk designed to provide easy and safe access throughout your building, even when passengers are moving with a heavy cart or pushing a baby stroller. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks > TransitMaster escalator Learn more about the highly durable escalator designed for the most demanding public transportation environments, such as metro stations and airports. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks > TransitMaster horizontal autowalk The KONE TransitMaster™ Horizontal Autowalk is a heavy-duty autowalk primarily targeted towards the infrastructure segment with demanding traffic conditions, such as airports, railways as well as stadiums and other transit centers. New buildings > Escalators & autowalks > InnoTrack horizontal autowalk Discover our revolutionary  autowalk solution that requires no pit and offers unparalleled flexibility. New buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions Advanced People Flow Solutions integrate equipment and devices into one holistic smart building solution. The result is a seamless user experience from front door to final destination - a new way to make everyday life easier. New buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions > Access solutions Learn how KONE’s integrated access control helps tenants travel smoothly and safely from the building entrance to their home floor. New buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions > Destination solutions Learn how KONE destination solutions reduce waiting and travel times by taking into account the number of passengers and their destination floors. New buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions > Infotainment solutions Discover KONE information solutions – a convenient way to share content as well as building and safety information in elevator cars and other building areas. New buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions > Monitoring solutions Learn about KONE monitoring solutions, which enable real-time inspection of elevator and escalator operation across multiple locations via a single interface. New buildings Elevators KONE MiniSpace™ DX KONE MonoSpace® DX KONE Transys™ DX KONE Bed elevator Escalators & autowalks TravelMaster escalator TravelMaster Inclined autowalk TransitMaster escalator TransitMaster horizontal autowalk InnoTrack horizontal autowalk Advanced People Flow solutions Access solutions Destination solutions Infotainment solutions Monitoring solutions Existing buildings Existing buildings Find trusted maintenance and modernization experts who specialize in elevator services and escalator services for any make or model of equipment across the entire building lifecycle. Existing buildings > Maintenance Different maintenance and service packages for elevators, escalators and building doors. Click to read more! Existing buildings > Maintenance > How we serve you Discover how we tailor our wide range of maintenance services for your site and equipment. Existing buildings > Maintenance > Service packages Discover how we tailor your maintenance plan to uniquely match your site and equipment, whatever the brand or type. Existing buildings > Maintenance > Service descriptions Read more about the individual services that make up our KONE Care™ packages for elevators, escalators, and automatic building doors. Existing buildings > Elevator modernization Find a trusted partner who offers simple and innovative elevator modernization solutions that can improve the safety, appearance and functionality of your elevator equipment. Existing buildings > Elevator modernization > Full elevator replacement Learn about the elevator replacement cost and increase the value of a building. Existing buildings > Elevator modernization > Modular modernization With modular modernization you can upgrade entire systems and significantly improve the performance of your elevator. Read more! Existing buildings > Elevator modernization > Component upgrades Discover our wide range of elevator upgrades covering things like the elevator door operator, signalization, and lighting system. Existing buildings > Escalator & Autowalk modernization Discover our range of escalator modernization solutions that will increase the lifespan of your escalators, giving you the flexibility of replacing the entire installation or just individual components. Existing buildings > Escalator & Autowalk modernization > Full escalator replacement Discover our two options for escalator replacement: We can install a brand-new escalator and truss, or replace everything except the truss. Existing buildings > Escalator & Autowalk modernization > Modular modernization With our escalator upgrade and modular modernization solutions you can renew individual components or complete systems. Visit us! Existing buildings > Buildings without an elevator Discover our retrofit elevators solutions for buildings currently without elevators. Existing buildings > Advanced People Flow solutions Discover our solutions for access and destination control, as well as communication and equipment monitoring. Existing buildings Maintenance How we serve you Service packages Service descriptions Elevator modernization Full elevator replacement Modular modernization Component upgrades Escalator & Autowalk modernization Full escalator replacement Modular modernization Buildings without an elevator Advanced People Flow solutions Stories & references Stories & references Discover our latest references and stories about cities and people in them. Stories & references > Stories What does city life mean for people in the world’s different urban environments? Our stories look for answers. Stories & references > Press releases You can find all the latest press releases by choosing a category and year from dropdown boxes. Stories & references > References KONE is proud to present these selected achievements from around the world. Stories & references Stories Press releases References About us About us We understand People Flow in and between buildings, making people’s journeys safe, convenient and reliable. We make cities better places to live. About us > KONE as a company As a global leader in the elevator and escalator industry, KONE provides elevators, escalators and automatic building doors, as well as solutions for maintenance and modernization, which add value to the life cycle of any building. About us > KONE as a company > Environment We support the ongoing green transformation of the built environment into smart eco-cities, low-carbon communities, and net zero energy buildings. About us > KONE as a company > Safety Safety is top of the agenda at KONE, and it is our strong belief that all accidents are preventable. About us > KONE as a company > Innovations Kone is a proven technology leader and holds more than 3,000 patents across their businesses. About us > Careers We strive to foster a collaborative culture where co-workers trust and respect each other and leaders inspire people to deliver the best results. About us > Careers > We offer We are proud to offer a range of total reward elements that engage and motivate our employees and help us make KONE a great place to work. About us > Careers > Students & graduates Get a head start on your career at KONE, one of the world’s leading elevator and escalator companies. About us > Careers > Technicians & professionals Whether you are a business or engineering professional, find your own role in meeting the most interesting challenges of today: urbanization, the efficient flow of goods and people, more efficient use of space, and the latest architectural trends. About us > Careers > Recruitment process General recruitment process consists of an application, an interview and a final selection round. About us > Careers > Apply now Do you want to work at KONE? Apply now! About us > Careers > Frequently asked questions FAQ on KONE's recruitment process About us > Contact us How can we help you today? About us > Contact us > Branch offices KONE has service centers and sales offices across the country. Search for an office near you by selecting an office name from the pull-down list. About us > Contact us > Contact form Fill in the contact form and we'll contact you shortly! About us KONE as a company Environment Safety Innovations Careers We offer Students & graduates Technicians & professionals Recruitment process Apply now Frequently asked questions Contact us Branch offices Contact form KONE Online Search Contact us Back to top Connecting more than floors: a new era for elevators Experience the new KONE DX Class elevators Find out more Highlights KONE MonoSpace Home KONE 24/7 Connected Services intelligent services for elevators and escalators are here! Don’t move out – let an elevator move in! Learn how to get an elevator to a building without one. Read more information by scanning this WeChat QR code SOLUTIONS FOR NEW BUILDINGS KONE provides industry leading eco-efficient elevators, escalators, autowalks, and automatic doors. Find out more about our products below. ELEVATORS Elevators for all types of buildings ESCALATORS & AUTOWALKS Escalators and moving walkways for new buildings PEOPLE FLOW INTELLIGENCE Solutions for access and destination control, information communication, and equipment monitoring SOLUTIONS FOR EXISTING BUILDINGS We pride ourselves on our deep understanding of both equipment and customer needs – ensuring your existing equipment is kept running smoothly throughout its lifetime. MAINTENANCE We maintain all makes and models of elevators, escalators, and automatic building doors. ELEVATOR MODERNIZATION Boost your elevator’s reliability, eco-efficiency, comfort, and appearance with our modernization solutions. ESCALATOR MODERNIZATION Our modernization solutions will increase their lifespan, giving you the flexibility of replacing the entire installation or just individual components. BUILDINGS WITHOUT ELEVATORS Discover our retrofit elevators solutions for buildings currently without elevators. ENHANCEMENT SOLUTIONS Smart, flexible solutions for access and destination control, as well as communication and equipment monitoring. Load more This site uses cookies in order to provide you with the best user experience. You consent to the use of cookies by continuing the use of the site without changing your browser settings. You can change your browser settings and preferences at any time. For further information on cookies, please see our privacy statement . Accept Quick Links Contact us Working at KONE For Suppliers Follow us New buildings Elevators Escalators & autowalks Advanced People Flow solutions Existing buildings Maintenance Elevator modernization Escalator & Autowalk modernization Buildings without an elevator Advanced People Flow solutions Stories & references Stories Press releases References About us KONE as a company Careers Contact us Quick Links Contact us Working at KONE For Suppliers Legal notice Data File Description Privacy Statement KONE Corporation Finland, KONE Oyj, Keilasatama 3, P.O. Box 7, Espoo, 02150, Finland