Home – KonMari | The Official Website of Marie Kondo Shop now and split your payments over time with Klarna. Free Shipping over $150 – U.S. Mainland. Use the KonMari Tidying Checklist to lead you through YOUR tidying festival, sparking joy with every category! × About About Marie Kondo About the KonMari Method Consultant Program Become A Certified Consultant Hire A Consultant Consultant Portal Login KonMari Club Tidy Course Stories Tidy Tips KonMari Philosophy Ask a Consultant Notes From Marie Rituals Q&A Shop SHOP ALL Made in Japan Designed by KonMari Digital Gift Card Sale TIDYING & ORGANIZATION Drawer Organizers Bins, Baskets & Boxes Catchalls & Trays Shelving & Wall Organizers DESK & OFFICE Desktop Organization Paper & File Storage Notebooks & Paper Goods Tech Accessories HOME DECOR Decorative Objects Bookends Candles & Room Fragrance BEDROOM & CLOSET Closet & Shoe Organization Drawer Organizers Jewelry Boxes & Storage Laundry & Clothing Care KITCHEN & DINING Kitchen Organizers & Food Storage Tabletop Cookware Tea & Pantry Cleaning Tools BATH & BODY Bathroom & Vanity Organization Bath Essentials Towels & Bathroom Linens APPAREL & ACCESSORIES Loungewear House Shoes, Slippers & Socks Bags & Accessories Bathroom & Vanity TRAVEL & OUTDOOR Garden Travel Accessories Car & Trunk Organization KURASHI Aromatherapy Mindfulness Craft & Hobbies Bathing Ritual Desk & Office Closet & Wardrobe Kitchen & Pantry Kids' Tidying BOOKS Consultant KonMari Consultant Program Hire A Consultant Become A Consultant Consultant Portal Login Discover KonMari Club Tidy Course Meet KonMari Stories Shop About “To ask what sparks joy isn’t merely a change of habit; it changes your entire life.” “The question of what you own is actually the question of how you want to live.” “When you surround yourself with possessions that spark joy, you will create a home you love and the life you deserve.” “Everyone can feel the energy and joy you gain from tidying. The magic is contagious.” – Marie Kondo Organizing the world, one home at a time. Discover how the KonMari Method™ can transform your life. LEARN MORE A Life-Changing Method for Everyone Invented by Marie Kondo, the KonMari Method is a simple but effective organizing system that uses a transformative criterion: choosing what sparks joy. With the Method, you will learn to listen to your inner voice and make space for the life you want. Reduced Clutter Increased Focus Renewed Energy A More Fulfilled Life WHAT WE OFFER Discover decluttering techniques and tidying tips Read More Find someone to help me organize my home Hire a Consultant Learn the Konmari Method to tidy my home Take Tidying Course Become a professional expert in the art of organizing Become a Consultant What Our Professional Organizers Say About the Program PROFESSIONALS WHO ORGANIZE THE WORLD™ 900+ Experts in the program. 60% Started their own business. Jasmine Dunker “With her Method, Marie effectively gets to the core question: What makes you happy? It is a question of the heart and we let our heart decide, which is incredibly touching.” Camille Hecker “KonMari is a philosophy of life for me, a self-discovery and a self-transformation journey.” Mandarin So “Marie Kondo inspires me to always remember to live in my joy and be present.” Ana Carra “The KonMari Method changed my life – I choose joy from every perspective, not only with items in my home but with every aspect of life.” Live a Life That Sparks Joy Our KonMari Consultants are certified professional organizers who work one-on-one with clients to put an end to disorder and reignite joy. With over 900 Consultants across the world, find a partner for your organizing journey today. Hire a Konmari Expert Join the community and do work that sparks joy. Anyone passionate about organizing can become a KonMari Consultant through our immersive in-person and virtual programs. Change your career; change your life; organize the world. Become a Konmari Expert It started with four simple words: Does it spark joy? Tidying Expert | Company Founder | NYTimes Bestselling Author | Emmy-Nominated TV Series Host | Mother It started with four simple words: Does it spark joy? Tidying Expert | Company Founder | NYTimes Bestselling Author | Emmy-Nominated TV Series Host | Mother As the world’s leading organizing expert, Marie and her KonMari Method have helped thousands of people across the globe make space for their priorities, passions and goals. She launched KonMari as a resource for people passionate about getting organized, from new hobbyists to seasoned professionals. About Marie About the Konmari Method The Magic of Marie Kondo Emmy-nominated creator of two #1 Netflix shows TIME 100 Most Influential People Sustainability advocate Best selling author of more than a dozen books published in 40+ different languages Featured in Vogue, Forbes, Harper’s BAZAAR, The Washington Post, and more Lately At KonMari Free Workshop: January 3 Make a 2026 vision board with the KonMari Club. A new book! Letter from Japan by Marie Kondo. Marie Kondo x Blueair A limited edition air purifier. A transformative retreat! Spaces are filling fast! 2026 Retreat in Japan. Joy to 2026 Marie’s New Year Traditions Read More As Seen In learn more Books By Marie Kondo Marie’s bestselling books have been translated in dozens of languages. From kids to adults, there is a joy-sparking book for every reader. Books Shop More SHOP Goods that Spark Joy Designed by KonMari Best Sellers Shop More STAY TIDY Simplified Life in Your Inbox Sign up for our weekly emails Join us in organizing the world. Follow us on social and share your joy-sparking triumphs #mykonmari Join the Movement Follow us @konmari.co / Share your tidying trials and triumphs #mykonmari Company About Marie Kondo About KonMari Method Press Careers Explore The Shop Digital Gift Card Stories Hire a Consultant Become a Consultant KonMari Club Tidy Course Discarding Guide Netflix Support General FAQs Order FAQs Consultant FAQs Contact Us Save 10% On Your Next Order Join and be the first to hear about new tidying tips from Marie, product launches, joy-sparking collaborations, and receive exclusive offers from our select partners. Offer valid in the U.S. only. Terms & Conditions apply. View our Privacy Policy . By submitting this form, I understand that I am opting in to receive updates, resources, and promotional emails from KonMari Media Inc. Sign Up © 2026 KonMari Media, Inc. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings