Enterprise AI Agents for Work, Service & Process | Kore.ai AI Solutions AI Solutions AI for Work Search across silos. Automate workflows. Orchestrate AI agents. Govern with confidence. learn more features Enterprise Search Intelligent Orchestrator Pre-Built AI Agents Admin Controls AI Agent Builder Departments Sales Marketing Engineering Legal Finance PRE-BUILT accelerators HR IT Recruiting AI for Service Leverage Agentic capabilities to empower customers and create personalized experiences. learn more features AI Agents Agent AI Assistance Agentic Contact Center Quality Assurance Proactive Outreach PRE-BUILT accelerators Retail Banking Healthcare AI for Process Streamline knowledge-intensive business processes with autonomous AI agents. learn more features Process Automation AI Analytics + Monitoring Pre-built Process Templates Use Cases Zero-Touch IT Operations Management Top Resources Scaling AI: practical insights from AI leaders AI use cases: insights from AI's leading decision makers Beyond AI islands: how to fully build an enterwise-wide AI workforce QUICK LINKS About Kore.ai Customer Stories Partners Resources Blog Whitepapers Documentation Analyst Recognition Get support Community Academy Careers Contact Us Agent Platform Agent Platform Agent Platform Your strategic enabler for enterprise AI transformation. learn more FEATURES Multi-Agent Orchestration AI Engineering Tools Search + Data AI AI Security + Governance No-Code + Pro-Code Tools Integrations GET STARTED AI for Work AI for Service AI for Process Agent Marketplace LEARN + DISCOVER About Kore.ai Customer Stories Partners Resource Hub Blog Whitepapers AI Research Reports Newsroom Analyst Recognition Documentation Get support Academy GET INVOLVED AI Pulse Events Community Careers Contact Us upcoming event NRF Show generally refers to Retail’s Big Show, which is the flagship annual conference and trade expo organized by the National Retail Federation (NRF). It’s held at the Javits Center in New York City. New York City 13 Jan register Recent AI Insights The Decline of AI Agents and Rise of Agentic Workflows AI INSIGHT 01 Dec 2025 AI agents and tools: Empowering intelligent systems for real world impact AI INSIGHT 12 Nov 2025 The future of Work with AI AI INSIGHT 28 Oct 2025 Agent Marketplace More More Resources Resource Hub Blog Whitepapers Webinars AI Research Reports AI Glossary Videos AI Pulse Generative AI 101 Responsive AI Framework CXO Toolkit support Documentation Get support Submit RFP Academy Community COMPANY About us Leadership Customer Stories Partners Analyst Recognition Newsroom Events Careers Contact us Agentic AI Guides Kore.ai named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Conversational AI for Customer Service, Q2 2024 Generative AI 101 CXO AI toolkit for enterprise AI success upcoming event NRF Show generally refers to Retail’s Big Show, which is the flagship annual conference and trade expo organized by the National Retail Federation (NRF). It’s held at the Javits Center in New York City. New York City 13 Jan register Talk to an expert Not sure which product is right for you or have questions? Schedule a call with our experts. Request a Demo Double click on what's possible with Kore.ai Sign in Get in touch Kore.ai named a leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Conversational AI Platforms, 2025 Access Report Kore.ai named a leader in The Forrester Wave™ for Cognitive Search Platforms, 2025 Access Report Kore.ai named a leader in Everest Group’s Conversational AI & AI Agents in CXM Products PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 Access Report Reimagine the enterprise with AI Accelerate the speed of business with the Kore.ai Platform and our AI solutions for work, service, and process. Request a demo AI for Work Search across silos, automate workflows, orchestrate AI agents and govern with confidence enterprise-wide. AI for Service Leverage generative AI innovation to empower customers and create differentiated service experiences. AI for Process Streamline knowledge-intensive business processes with autonomous AI agents and agentic workflows. We've built our business by serving global enterprises Trust us, we've learned from the best. Discover why hundreds of enterprises use Kore.ai. Request a demo Let’s talk Financial Services healthcare telecom + Media Consumer business Banks, Credit Unions, Financial Institutions Trusted by banking leaders: Payers, Providers, Life Sciences Trusted by healthcare leaders: Telecom, Media, Communications Make work more efficient, intelligent, and valuable across the organization. Trusted by telecom leaders: Consumer Goods and Services Make work more efficient, intelligent, and valuable across the organization. Trusted by consumer leaders: B2B Goods and Services Make work more efficient, intelligent, and valuable across the organization. Trusted by business leaders: The single AI ecosystem for your enterprise Roadblocks to Every Turn Rising customer expectations, frequent bad experiences, and overwhelmed agents create constant service bottlenecks. A Smarter way to Help Autonomous AI-powered agents provide AI-driven support for human agents and enable continuous service improvement. Empowered Results for All Delivering frictionless customer experiences, empowering agents to perform at their best, and driving elevated business outcomes. AI Solutions THE KORE.AI Platform Enterprise data sources Enterprise Integrations VIEW Kore.ai Ecosystem Our AI business solutions AI Agents and agentic workflows that embed AI where the value is. AI for Work Connect to your business systems, understand your data and workflows, and activate agentic RAG search, to automate and orchestrate AI agents with precision. learn more Whitepaper: AI agents AI for Service Reimagine quality service with AI agents who respond clearly in real time, while providing human agents with the necessary tools to handle inquiries with skill and confidence. learn more Report: Forrester Wave AI for Process Streamline business operations with autonomous AI agents that orchestrate complex workflows, optimize processes, and deliver measurable ROI at enterprise scale. learn more Agentic Guide The most advanced AI agent platform Create valuable AI agents and agentic workflows with confidence and ongoing control. Multi-Agent Orchestration Multi-agent orchestration enables AI agents to collaborate, share memory, and handle basic to complex decision-making tasks. Learn more Multi-Agent Collaboration Supervisor Agents Agent Memory (long + short term) Agent Tools Guided Full-Autonomy Dialog GPT Inter Agent Protocols (A2A etc.) Search + Data AI Our search and data AI layer delivers powerful information retrieval with intelligence and flexibility built in, with 100+ pre-built search connectors and native support for agentic RAG. Learn more 100+ Connectors Agentic RAG Teachability Knowledge Graph + Multi-Vector No-Code + Pro-Code Tools Use no-code or pro-code tools to design agents, tools, and workflows through an intuitive interface. Accelerate development with AI agent templates and pro-code extensions for deeper customization. Learn more No-Code Builders SDKs Pro-Code Extensions Templates MCP Integrations Control + Observability Get built-in, deep visibility into agent performance through tracing, real-time AI analytics, monitoring events in detailed audit logs, and actionable insights enterprise-wide. Learn more Agent Tracing AI Agent Insights Workflow Analytics Event Monitoring AI Security + Governance Enterprise guardrails to enforce policies, meet regulatory standards, and ensure responsible AI behavior at scale, using compliance frameworks, robust access controls, and ethical safeguards. Learn more Guardrails RBAC Versions Audit Logs Enterprise Security Enterprise Compliance AI Engineering Tools The Kore.ai Agent Platform offers three tools to speed development: Model Hub connects various AI models, Prompt Studio optimizes prompts, and Evaluation Studio provides real-time performance insights. Learn more Prompt Studio Evaluation Studio Model Hub Model Factory Enterprise data sources Our design approach is ecosystem agnostic, allowing you to choose how you connect your data. Connect with your apps and their data Seamlessly connect your AI agents to core business applications like Salesforce , SAP , Epic , and hundreds more to access and act on structured enterprise data. Connect to your unstructured data Enable AI agents to retrieve insights from files, chats, wikis, and collaboration tools like SharePoint , Slack , Confluence , and Google Drive , no manual digging required Enterprise integrations Our platform integrates easily across the enterprise with pre-built or bespoke connectors. AI Models, ASR, TTS Connect to any AI model - commercial, open-source, or bring your own - for automatic speech recognition, text-to-speech, and natural language understanding. Channels Enable your AI agents to communicate with your employees or customers through their preferred channels – messengers, social media, email, live chat, voice, and more. Contact Centers Empower AI agents to work alongside your existing contact center solutions like NICE , Genesys , and Salesforce Service Cloud to deliver faster, context-aware support. Tool/Dialog Integrations Connect 100+ pre-built tools and dialog components that accelerate automation, decision-making, and workflow execution directly from within conversations. API Hooks & SDKs Extend and customize AI agent behavior using developer-friendly APIs and SDKs, tailor integrations to your exact business needs. Assistant Chat Deploy AI-powered chat experiences across digital touchpoints, web, mobile, or in in app to assist users with tasks, support, and transactions. Cloud / Infrastructure Connect any cloud service provider like AWS , Microsoft Azure , and Google Cloud , or integrate within your own environment, on premise or in the cloud. Explore More Guide: How to choose your AI platform What sets Kore.ai apart Speed Faster time-to-value with our enterprise AI solutions and AI agent marketplace. Control The power of a standardized platform built for the demands of the enterprise. Ready to get started? Let’s make this happen. We’re ready when you are. Request a Demo talk to an expert Flexibility Take control with seamless connection to any AI model, data source, enterprise app, or company infrastructure you need. Deep capabilites An agent platform with the depth to adapt to every interaction, workflow, behavior, and enterprise ecosystem it’s deployed into. Proven experience We are an AI-first company that has built its technology and success hand-in-hand with global enterprise customers. COGNITIVE SEARCH PLATFORMS Conversational AI Platforms Generative AI APPLICATIONS Generative AI Engineering Kore.ai named a leader in the Forrester Wave™: Cognitive Search Platforms, 2025 In its evaluation of 14 vendors on 21 criteria, Forrester recognized Kore.ai as a leader in the Forrester Wave™: Cognitive Search Platforms 2025 report. Kore.ai received the highest score possible across 11 criteria and ranked highest in the strategy category. Access the Report Kore.ai named a leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ The Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Conversational AI Platforms now includes conversational AI agents and tools increasingly leveraging generative AI. This report guides application leaders in selecting conversational AI platforms for complex automation and multimodal interactions. GET ACCESS TO THE REPORT Gartner® Emerging Market Quadrant leader for GenAI applications The Gartner® EMQ for Generative AI Productivity and AI Knowledge Management Apps report covers applications that use AI agents to accelerate workflows with enterprise-wide search, task automation, and content generation, from code to images and other multimodal outputs. learn more Gartner® Emerging Market Quadrant leader for GenAI engineering The Gartner® eMQ for Generative AI Engineering report covers the complete agentic application lifecycle across multiple agents, an enterprise-wide stack, and from end-to-end; including data pipelines, model management, orchestration, observability, and automation. Learn More Customer testimonials Discover how organizations deliver AI value with Kore.ai. Morgan Stanley "What I was really trying to solve was how to give 15–20 minutes back each day to our financial advisors. That extra time lets them reach out to customers more quickly, more effectively, or even make one additional phone call — and that’s a real revenue driver for us." Shailesh Gavankar Head, AI Strategy + Execution Pfizer Since we started with Kore.ai, we’ve deployed 60 AI agents across the enterprise—covering research, development, medical, commercial, and manufacturing across global markets and multiple languages. We needed a scalable platform, and these agents will only continue to become more intelligent. Vik Kapoor Head of GenAI Platforms & Products Mphasis We are proud to be a strategic implementation partner of Kore.ai, and we feel especially confident knowing that Kore.ai’s foundation on AWS, delivering unmatched reliability and scalability. Nitin Rakesh CEO, Mphasis Microsoft “Our strategic partnership with Kore.ai marks a significant milestone in our mission to accelerate enterprise AI transformation. By integrating Kore.ai’s advanced conversational and GenAI capabilities with Microsoft’s robust cloud and AI services, we are enabling enterprises to adopt AI at scale and with enterprise-grade security." Puneet Chandok President, India and South Asia AMD “In the moments that matter most, of course, employees want to connect with people. GenAI frees HR professionals to engage with the employees they serve and be present in the interactions that deliver higher satisfaction.” Mark Jackson Director, Global HR Technology AWS We are excited to expand our collaboration and to reinforce our shared commitment to empowering customers in the AI era Chris Casey Head of AWS Partnerships, Asia-Pacific and Japan AMD "As a global leader in AI, we saw a clear opportunity to bring that leadership into our own workplace. Our work with Kore.ai shows what's possible when you use AI not to replace people, but to enhance how they work, connect, and lead. Robert Gama SVP & Chief Human Resources Officer Boardwalk REIT “At Boardwalk, our commitment has always been to put residents first. Partnering with Kore.ai amplified our ability to deliver empathetic, timely service at scale. This is more than technology; it;s a foundation for smarter, more connected community expierence.” Karine Dal Collo Director, Customer Service Autodoc We are passionate about using technology to empower our people. That’s why we partnered with Kore.ai to integrate AI into our customer and employee support operations. We have observed 74% first-call resolution and significant savings. Our people are happier. We are excited about the simplicity, potential, and benefits AI for Work bring to the table. Yuliya Teteryuk Customer Care Director AMD "We knew this wasnt just about automating tasks -- it was about creating a smarter, more intuitive HR experience. By designing with our employees in mind, we've built a solution that's fast, reliable, and ready to evolve with our business." Lesa Sayer CVP, Global HR Shared Services Guidewell This is about raising the bar—not just implementing technology, but evolving how we deliver healthcare support. With Kore.ai, we’ve moved from siloed experiences to a true ecosystem that’s modern, scalable, and member-centric. Anne Hoverson VP, Digital Transformation & Strategy Inception Partnering with Kore.ai aligns perfectly with our mission to develop AI-powered solutions that drive real business value to the customers in UAE and rest of the world,” Andrew Jackson CAIO, G42 Deutsche Bank I have the honour of representing Deutsche Bank HR, sharing our AI journey—from a humble FAQ chatbot in one region back in 2020 to a multi-jurisdiction automation strategy by 2025. Paul Hewitt Head of AI Innovation & Digital Employee Experience, HR Eli Lilly AI transformed our Tech@Lilly service desk, now handling 70% of requests, enabling colleagues to maximize productivity. Michael Leist Associate Director - Tech more CUSTOMER stories Strategic partners: Microsoft and AWS We work with the world’s largest platforms. Check your provider for more information or start building via their marketplaces. The Kore.ai Agent Platform and AI solutions are integrated with AWS services including Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Q and Amazon Connect to accelerate the deployment of AWS Al tools across business use cases. Read more AWS MARKETPLACE Deploy the Kore.ai Agent Platform and AI solutions within Microsoft environments including Azure Al Foundry , Microsoft Teams , Microsoft 365 Copilot , and Microsoft Copilot Studio to see Al value faster from your AI business use cases. Read more AZURE MARKETPLACE AI Insights View all December 1, 2025 7 Min The Decline of AI Agents and Rise of Agentic Workflows AI agents and tools: Empowering intelligent systems for real world impact November 12, 2025 12 Min The future of Work with AI October 28, 2025 6 Min Mastering the 'Iron Triangle' of generative AI October 24, 2025 4 Min Evolution of generative AI engineering from models to agentic ecosystems August 25, 2025 7 Min Marketplace AI for Work AI for Process AI for Service Agent Platform Multi-Agent Orchestration Search and Data AI (Agent Context) No-code & Pro-code Tools AI Engineering Tools Observability AI Safety, Security, Compliance & Governance Enterprise date sources Enterprise Apps Unstructured Data Enterprise  Integrations Enterprise Apps Unstructured Data Start using an AI agent today Browse and deploy our pre-built templates Marketplace Reimagine your business with us Find out how Kore.ai can help you today. Talk to an expert You are now leaving Kore.ai’s website. ‍ Kore.ai does not endorse, has not verified, and is not responsible for, any content, views, products, services, or policies of any third-party websites, or for any verification or updates of such websites. Third-party websites may also include "forward-looking statements" which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. Click ‘Continue’ to acknowledge the above and leave Kore.ai’s website. If you don’t want to leave Kore.ai’s website, simply click ‘Back’. CONTINUE GO BACK Reimagine your enterprise with Kore.ai English Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Get Started AI for Work AI for Service AI for Process Agent Marketplace Kore.ai agent platform Platform Overview Multi-Agent Orchestration AI Engineering Tools Search and Data AI AI Security and Governance No-Code and Pro-Code Tools Integrations ACCELERATORS Banking Healthcare Retail Recruiting HR IT company About Kore.ai Leadership Customer Stories Partners Analyst Recognition Newsroom resources Documentation Blog Whitepapers Webinars AI Research Reports AI Glossary Videos Generative AI 101 Responsive AI framework CXO Toolkit GET INVOLVED Events Support Academy Community Careers Let’s work together Get answers and a customized quote for your projects Submit RFP Follow us on © 2025 Kore.ai Inc. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Cookie Policy Intellectual Property Rights | ×