The Korea Herald Print edition National Business Life&Culture Sports World Opinion K-pop For our subscribers English Cafe My Page For our subscribers National All Politics Seoul Education Social Affairs Courts and Law Foreign Affairs Military North Korea Diplomatic Circuit Health Business All Industry Technology Mobility Consumer Economy Market Life&Culture All Culture Travel Food Books People Film Television Performance Sports All Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World All World News World Business Opinion All Editorial Viewpoints K-pop Recipe 한국어판 Living In Seoul Map English Cafe More + #Hashtag Korea Weekender English Eye Podcast PR newswire Print edition KH Media Kit RSS National Korea wants foreign students, but does it want the graduates? Rosa Haque and Andrua Haque moved from Bangladesh to South Korea with their parents 15 years ago. Now 27 years old, the twins went on to study at Yonsei University and Seoul National University, respectively. Foreign graduate hiring rises despite overall slowdown National A look back at 2025 President Lee Jae Myung came into office in June, filling the void left by former President Yoon Suk Yeol. The transition reshaped the political landscape. The conservative People Power Party saw its Life&Culture What online keywords from 2025 predict for social trends in 2026 South Korea’s Culture Ministry on Wednesday released a report outlining six major trends expected to shape daily life in the country in 2016, signaling a shift from post-political-crisis recovery to a Life&Culture Will Korea-China summit rekindle hopes of K-culture comeback in China? With President Lee Jae Myung set to visit China to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sunday, optimism is building that long-frozen cultural exchanges between the two countries could finally thaw, n Graphic News more Opinion more Korea Herald [Kim Seong-kon] Adieu 2025 and welcome 2026! Edwin Choi [Jodi Bondi Norgaard] Green light for normalizing cruelty Korea Herald [Editorial] 2025: Year of recalibration National more How Seoul is reshaping youth policy to build careers before graduation Teen fight in Gangnam results in stabbing Icy cold snap to greet 2026 Russia, North Korea exchange New Year's gifts International matchmakers under scrutiny over consumer harm South Korea’s anti-corruption watchdog has moved to rein in the international marriage brokerage industry, citing widespread consumer harm caused by opaque contracts, hidden fees and misleading advert KOSPI 4,214 6.39 KOSDAQ 925 7.12 USD/KRW 1,434.9 EUR/KRW 1,685.72 CNH/KRW 204.76 JPY(100)/KRW 917.63 Business more Korea readies biggest-ever business delegation for China diplomacy President Lee Jae Myung will be accompanied by a large-scale business delegation during his state visit to China from Jan. 4-7, including the heads of South Korea’s four largest conglomerates. Celltrion set for record quarter as new products fuel growth Kospi caps 2025 with world-leading 76% gain Gov't to review 'all available legal measures' against Coupang Korbit fined W2.73b over compliance breaches Life&Culture more Seoul Vibe offers glimpse of Korea’s influencer future Why Seoul bets on ‘fun’ to build its next business ecosystem What online keywords from 2025 predict for social trends in 2026 Will Korea-China summit rekindle hopes of K-culture comeback in China? Korea holds 4th place in national brand value for 4th consecutive year South Korea maintained its fourth-place position in global nation brand power rankings for the fourth consecutive year, according to results announced Tuesday at the 10th National Competitiveness and Nation Brand Conference. K-POP more AI is no longer optional in K-pop — it’s becoming the new normal Cravity to host fan concert in February Mamamoo to mark 12-year anniversary with album, tour Recommended Series more K-pop 101 The world of K-pop explained, for both fans and newcomers Meet, perhaps date your favorite K-pop star with VR headgear Bringing Bay Area swagger to K-pop: Inside the journey of SM’s former hitmaker Inside Gen Z Giving Korea's new generation a voice Why do Gen Zers flaunt their solo moments on social media? 'Easier than friendship': Gen Z turns to ChatGPT for emotional support K-pop AI is no longer optional in K-pop — it’s becoming the new normal Whether the industry welcomes it or not, artificial intelligence has already become part of everyday life in K-pop. Since the release of ChatGPT in late 2022 accelerated the commercialization of gener Today's photos more Enjoy sledding at Hangang Park! Kospi tops global markets with world’s strongest gains in 2025 Where to welcome the New Year in Seoul Multilegged walking robot stands guard Most Read 1 Where to welcome the New Year in Seoul 2 Korea wants foreign students, but does it want the graduates? 3 Veteran actor Ahn Sung-ki in critical condition 4 Ex-NewJeans member Danielle to face multimillion-dollar damages suit 5 Fans mark BTS’ V’s 30th birthday with stone bench at Versailles 6 Return of K-pop juggernauts, rising talents to look forward to in 2026 7 Lee to meet Xi in Beijing next week 8 Who is Danielle? Ex-NewJeans member at center of contract dispute 9 Why it feels like shamans are everywhere in Korea 10 What Georgia raid changed for journalists heading to CES Editor’s picks more World Top world stories of 2025 National How Seoul is reshaping youth policy to build careers before graduation Recipe of the day Gamjatang (Korean pork bone soup) Podcast more Watch & Listen # Featured articles Yonsei–Korea Univ. rivaly hits a nerve at baseball game Yonsei University said Monday it will accept an apology from Korea University over an inappropriate remark made by a commentator during an exhibition baseball game between the two long-time rivals. Battle erupts over where S. Korea should build mega chip plants Civic groups and politicians in North Jeolla Province are calling for major semiconductor projects planned near Seoul to be relocated to their region, reviving a long-running dispute over the location Beer truck spills hundreds of boxes on expressway, prompting 7-hour cleanup A beer delivery truck spilled its cargo early Tuesday on an expressway ramp in Gwangju, shattering thousands of bottles across the roadway. According to local media reports, the accident occurred at a Teen suicides prompt mental health overhaul at Korea's schools South Korea’s education authorities on Tuesday unveiled a comprehensive plan to strengthen student mental health support, as teenage suicide numbers continued to rise over the past four years. more 사회 경찰청장 직대 “수사·기소 분리 앞두고 책임 있게 준비할 것” [세상&] 사회 [르포] 올해 마지막 날 1000명이 줄섰다…면허 갱신 대기줄에 갇힌 시민들 [세상&] IT·과학 단독 [단독] 떠나는 마당에 ‘임원 인사’하려던 KT 김영섭, 이사회가 ‘제동’ 경제·금융 공정위원장 “쿠팡사태 필요하면 영업정지…집단소송제 도입 검토” more Eat “대사 증후군 예방엔 검정콩” 쿠키·후무스로 즐긴다 Read 다이어터·커브레족 찾는다, 프리미엄 식사빵 트렌드 Cook 홀리데이에 즐기는 연어, ‘크리스마스 살몬’ Announcement Contact Us Family Site THE HERALD BUSINESS HERALD MUSE K-POP HERALD REAL FOODS HERALD ECO HERALD DESIGN THE INVESTOR About Korea Herald About Herald Corporation Code of Ethics User Agreement Privacy Statement Copyright Policy Herald Ombudsman Address : Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu,Seoul, Korea Tel : +82-2-727-0114 Online newspaper registration No : Seoul 아03711 Date of registration : 2015.04.28 Publisher. Editor : Choi Jin-Young Juvenile Protection Manager : Choi He-suk The Korea Herald by Herald Corporation. Copyright Herald Corporation. All Rights Reserved.