Koyeb: High-performance Infrastructure for APIs, Inference, and Databases Pricing Docs Blog Tutorials Changelog Deploy Partners Login Sign up News: Koyeb Sandboxes — fast, scalable, fully isolated environments for AI agents High-performance Infrastructure for Deploy intensive applications across GPUs, CPUs, and Accelerators in minutes - scale in 50+ locations Get Started Talk to an Expert Trusted by the most ambitious teams Next-generation cloud experience No ops, servers, or infrastructure management. Extreme performance Accelerated infrastructure Run all your models and apps on high-performance CPUs, GPUs, and accelerators from AMD, Intel, and Nvidia. Automatic scaling Serverless containers Deploy production-grade containers with zero configuration — we scale to hundreds of servers and back to zero in seconds. Global Available globally and locally Improve availability and get sub-100ms latency worldwide with over 50 locations. Pick between one and all locations. Any stack Build and deploy anything Build APIs, distributed systems, or blazing-fast inference endpoints. Deploy your code, containers, or models with a Git push or CLI call. The serverless runtime for AI Inference Fine-tuning AI agents SaaS platforms Global deployments Distributed Systems From dev to high-throughput inference in minutes Deploy and scale ML models to production without managing infrastructure. 10x faster inference with dedicated performance Scale to millions of requests with built-in autoscaling on dedicated GPUs. 80% savings compared to hyperscalers Combine autoscaling with the most efficient GPUs and accelerators on the market. Autoscaling with sub-200ms cold-start Seamlessly scale up from zero to hundreds. Get Started Extreme performance Deploy Now Extreme performance Deploy Now 100% More performance <250ms CPU cold start 10 Datacenters 100k Developers Build with the languages and frameworks you love, from web apps to inference Deploy any application seamlessly with native support for popular languages and Docker containers, without any modification. Deploy now Fearless development with your team and instant deployment Experience collaborative development on high-performance cloud infrastructure with a simple Git push. Build together and push to prod with confidence. Start now /start building Deploy in production with one-click apps From AI models to full-stack apps and databases, start in seconds. Language models AI Stack Web Frameworks / Starter View all Enterprise-Ready. Koyeb is a powerful platform with security built-in at all layers. Any Cloud 10 Regions / 3 Continents Any Hardware Get in touch /What our customers say We use GPUs for training and inference, and Koyeb streamlines our workload deployment, optimizing efficiency and simplifying infrastructure management. This allows us to focus on what really matters without worrying about ops and infra. Samuel Bernard Founder View customer stories Everything you need for production GPU, NPU, Accelerators, or just CPU Access a wide range of optimized hardware for scale-out workloads, on demand, in seconds. Deploy now Instant API Endpoint Just hit deploy to provision an API endpoint ready to handle requests in seconds. No waiting, no config. Get Started Smart and Fast Autoscaling Get efficient autoscaling to adapt infrastructure to demand, with imperceptible cold start. Learn more Zero-Downtime Deployments Enjoy built-in continuous deployment with automatic health checks to prevent bad deployment and ensure you’re always up and running. View docs Native HTTP/2, WebSocket, and gRPC Support Stream large or partial responses to end-users and accelerate your connections through a global edge network for instant feedback and responsive applications. Get started /and much more Postgres + pgvector Store, index, and search embeddings with your data at scale using Koyeb's fully managed Serverless Postgres. Get Started Ultra-Fast NVME Storage Store datasets, models, and fine-tune weights on blazing-fast NVME disks offering extremely high write and read throughput for exceptional performance. Get started Logs and Instance Access Troubleshoot and investigate issues easily using real-time logs, or directly connect to your instances. Get started Load more Compute costs GPU Standard Eco RTX-4000-SFF-ADA VRAM 20GB ( CPU 6 / RAM 44GB ) $ 0.50 /hr $ 0.00014 /sec L4 VRAM 24GB ( CPU 6 / RAM 32GB ) $ 0.70 /hr $ 0.000194 /sec RTX-A6000 VRAM 48GB ( CPU 6 / RAM 64GB ) $ 0.75 /hr $ 0.000208 /sec L40S VRAM 48GB ( CPU 15 / RAM 64GB ) $ 1.20 /hr $ 0.000333 /sec A100 VRAM 80GB ( CPU 15 / RAM 180GB ) $ 1.60 /hr $ 0.000444 /sec View pricing details Early stage startup? Get up to $30k in credits to accelerate your go-to-market with high-performance cloud infrastructure. Apply now Pay for what you use Scale as you grow with transparent pricing starting at $0.0022/h. No commitment, no contracts, no hidden costs. Upgrade anytime to unlock features. Get started for free. View pricing /Changelog Last update from the team Blog Dec 19, 2025 Why You Should Run AI-Generated Code in a Sandbox Safely run AI-generated code in Koyeb Sandboxes. Isolate execution, protect resources, and scale securely. Read more Blog Dec 17, 2025 Koyeb Sandboxes: JavaScript SDK Now Available Securely run AI-generated code in JavaScript with Koyeb Sandboxes. Spin up isolated environments quickly for AI agents, code generation, and dynamic workloads. Read more Tutorial Dec 16, 2025 Use OpenAI Apps SDK in ChatGPT with MCP deployed on Koyeb Learn how create an app for the OpenAI Apps SDK with Node.Js and serve it from Koyeb Read more Changelog Dec 12, 2025 Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) and Passkeys Now Available for Koyeb Accounts, New Range for Idle Period for Instances Using Scale-to-Zero, and more Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) and Passkeys now available for Koyeb accounts New range for idle period for Instances using Scale-to-Zero New Tutorial: Using the Claude Agent SDK with Koyeb Sandboxes for secure code execution  with tool calling New Shorts: Why should you run AI-generated code in a sandbox? and more Read more Visit our blog Deploy AI apps to production in minutes Get started Talk to an expert Koyeb is a developer-friendly serverless platform to deploy apps globally. No-ops, servers, or infrastructure management. All systems operational Product overview pricing changelog public roadmap Resources documentation tutorials community api deploy startup program system status Company blog customer stories partners events careers company terms of service privacy policy © Koyeb