KPMG International | Home person Login person close Preferences Profile Logout article Submit RFP Global (EN) expand_more close Search cancel menu close Our Insights Back All Insights AI and Technology ESG Operations Risk and Regulation Transformation Value Creation Workforce What we do Back Industries Consumer, Retail & Leisure Energy, Natural Resources & Chemicals Financial Services Healthcare Government & Public Sector Private Enterprise Services Advisory AI Audit and Assurance ESG Legal Tax Global Alliances & Ecosystems Microsoft Oracle Salesforce SAP ServiceNow Workday About KPMG Careers Back KPMG Careers Who we are What we do Working at KPMG Job search person Login person close Preferences Profile Logout article Submit RFP Global (EN) expand_more person Login person close Preferences Profile Logout search Search search Your search term was too short. Search terms must include 3 or more characters. Previous search terms close Cancel KPMG 2025 Global CEO Sector Outlooks CEOs across industries invest in AI and talent as the keys to resilience and growth. Learn more Insights shaped for your sector Energy, Natural Resources and Chemicals CEO Outlook Explore how CEOs shape a tech-driven world. Read more The private company CEO Outlook Discover AI impacts and emerging opportunities. Read more Technology & Telecommunications CEO Outlook See how CEOs are confidently navigating the future. Read more Global Economic & Geopolitical Outlook webcast The strategic intelligence you need to navigate 2026. The 17 December webcast recording is now available. Watch the replay At KPMG, what sets us apart isn't just what we do, it's how we do it. Being agile, more connected and standing at the forefront of technological change. Bringing together deep expertise, market-leading technology and a human-led approach. We deliver outcomes that are truly meaningful for our people, clients and communities. Empowering teams to grow and succeed together. Learn more Discover our perspectives across key areas devices_other AI and Technology The technology landscape is complicated. Hype fills the air. And you are under growing pressure to modernize and digitalize. Explore forest ESG ESG and Sustainability are broad topics. And they're rapidly evolving. Staying on top of the issues can require leaders to stay informed, engaged and open-minded. Explore bar_chart Risk and Regulation In a complex world where finance, trade, technology and environment intersect in different and evolving ways, we believe conventional approaches to risk and regulatory compliance are no longer fit for purpose. Explore call_made Value creation Whether you are transacting or transforming, you need to ensure you are capturing all the value you can from your assets and investments. Explore transform Transformation The world is rapidly changing. And change can create significant opportunities. Yet, from our perspective, seizing those opportunities requires vision, insights and capabilities. Explore people Workforce The way people work is changing. Creating and sustaining the right workforce to achieve your organization’s objectives has never been more challenging. Explore workspaces Operations Many organizations are under pressure to do things better, more efficiently, more effectively, at a lower cost, at a higher quality, using fewer resources and at a faster pace. Explore Subscribe to KPMG Insights Access personalized content based on your interests by signing up today. Create an account Interested in a career at KPMG? We want to support you on your journey to create an impactful career. Join us and you too can do work that matters. Find your next opportunity Welcome to KPMG. Looks like you are visiting from . Discover Global perspectives or visit your local firm site for regional services and insights. Remain on KPMG Global Contact Contact Us Submit RFP Contact Contact Us Submit RFP Media Newsroom Press Releases Media Newsroom Press Releases Company Careers About Us Company Careers About Us Legal Privacy Accessibility Help © 2025 Copyright owned by one or more of the KPMG International entities. KPMG International entities provide no services to clients. All rights reserved. KPMG refers to the global organization or to one or more of the member firms of KPMG International Limited (“KPMG International”), each of which is a separate legal entity. KPMG International Limited is a private English company limited by guarantee and does not provide services to clients. For more detail about our structure please visit https://kpmg.com/governance . Member firms of the KPMG network of independent firms are affiliated with KPMG International. KPMG International provides no client services. No member firm has any authority to obligate or bind KPMG International or any other member firm vis-à-vis third parties, nor does KPMG International have any such authority to obligate or bind any member firm. Throughout this website, “we”, “KPMG”, “us” and “our” refers to the KPMG global organization, to KPMG International Limited (“KPMG International”), and/or to one or more of the member firms of KPMG International, each of which is a separate legal entity.