person
Login
article
Submit RFP
Global (EN)
menu
search
Video Player is loading.
KPMG 2025 Global CEO Sector Outlooks 

CEOs across industries invest in AI and talent as the keys to resilience and growth.

Learn more
Insights shaped for your sector
Energy, Natural Resources and Chemicals CEO Outlook

Explore how CEOs shape a tech-driven world.

Read more
The private company CEO Outlook

Discover AI impacts and emerging opportunities.

Read more
Technology & Telecommunications CEO Outlook

See how CEOs are confidently navigating the future.

Read more
Global Economic & Geopolitical Outlook webcast
The strategic intelligence you need to navigate 2026. The 17 December webcast recording is now available.
Watch the replay
opens in a new tab

At KPMG, what sets us apart isn't just what we do, it's how we do it.

Being agile, more connected and standing at the forefront of technological change. Bringing together deep expertise, market-leading technology and a human-led approach.

We deliver outcomes that are truly meaningful for our people, clients and communities. Empowering teams to grow and succeed together.


Learn more
Discover our perspectives across key areas
devices_other 
AI and Technology

The technology landscape is complicated. Hype fills the air. And you are under growing pressure to modernize and digitalize. 

Explore
forest 
ESG

ESG and Sustainability are broad topics. And they're rapidly evolving. Staying on top of the issues can require leaders to stay informed, engaged and open-minded.

Explore
bar_chart 
Risk and Regulation

In a complex world where finance, trade, technology and environment intersect in different and evolving ways, we believe conventional approaches to risk and regulatory compliance are no longer fit for purpose.

Explore
call_made 
Value creation

Whether you are transacting or transforming, you need to ensure you are capturing all the value you can from your assets and investments. 

Explore
transform 
Transformation

The world is rapidly changing. And change can create significant opportunities. Yet, from our perspective, seizing those opportunities requires vision, insights and capabilities.

Explore
people 
Workforce

The way people work is changing. Creating and sustaining the right workforce to achieve your organization’s objectives has never been more challenging. 

Explore
workspaces 
Operations

Many organizations are under pressure to do things better, more efficiently, more effectively, at a lower cost, at a higher quality, using fewer resources and at a faster pace.

Explore
Subscribe to KPMG Insights
Access personalized content based on your interests by signing up today.
Create an account
Interested in a career at KPMG?

We want to support you on your journey to create an impactful career. Join us and you too can do work that matters.

Find your next opportunity
Welcome to KPMG. Looks like you are visiting from Korea.
Discover Global perspectives or visit your local firm site for regional services and insights.
Remain on KPMG Global
Go to Korea (EN)
Go to Korea (KO)
Contact
Contact Us
Submit RFP
Media
Newsroom
Press Releases
Company
Careers
About Us
opens in a new tab
opens in a new tab
opens in a new tab
opens in a new tab
Legal
Privacy
Accessibility
Help

© 2025 Copyright owned by one or more of the KPMG International entities. KPMG International entities provide no services to clients. All rights reserved.


KPMG refers to the global organization or to one or more of the member firms of KPMG International Limited (“KPMG International”), each of which is a separate legal entity. KPMG International Limited is a private English company limited by guarantee and does not provide services to clients. For more detail about our structure please visit https://kpmg.com/governance.

Member firms of the KPMG network of independent firms are affiliated with KPMG International. KPMG International provides no client services. No member firm has any authority to obligate or bind KPMG International or any other member firm vis-à-vis third parties, nor does KPMG International have any such authority to obligate or bind any member firm.

Throughout this website, “we”, “KPMG”, “us” and “our” refers to the KPMG global organization, to KPMG International Limited (“KPMG International”), and/or to one or more of the member firms of KPMG International, each of which is a separate legal entity.

We Value Your Privacy
We use ‘cookies’ and related technologies to help identify you and your devices, to operate our site, enhance your experience and conduct advertising and analysis. Some of these cookies are optional and are only used when you’ve agreed to them. You can consent to all our optional cookies at once, or manage your own preferences through the “manage choices” link. You can read more about these uses in our Privacy Statement.
Manage Choices Accept All Cookies