Skip to Nav
Skip to Main
Skip to Footer
Sign In
Donate
News
Podcasts & Radio
Video & TV
Events
Support KQED

Support 100% community-funded and independent public media before 2025 is over!

Support KQED
NEXT ON LIVE RADIO

3:00 PM

City Arts & Lectures

4:00 PM

BBC World Service
TONIGHT ON TV

8:00 PM

American Masters

10:00 PM

American Masters

TODAY'S GAMES

Play today's

KQED Crossword

Answer the

Radio News Quiz
TODAY'S TOP STORY
Stories That Stuck With Us This Year, Handpicked by the KQED Science Team

Our science reporters recount stories they found especially memorable, thought-provoking or that changed how they thought about something.

Environment
MORE STORIES
Get Outside On New Years Day With These Guided Hikes

Volunteers are still needed to help with food and clothing distribution.

Environment
Could Plug-In Solar Take Off in California?

The more accessible alternative to rooftop solar can hang from an apartment balcony, out a window, or be tented in the backyard.

News
California Schools Will Have to Do More to Prevent Sex Abuse Under New Law

The law creates an array of measures to educate school staff, beef up reporting requirements and stop teachers credibly accused of abuse from getting jobs at other districts.

Education
She Goes to Police Calls in a Prius. It's Part of New Approach to Mental Health Emergencies

San Mateo adopted a new approach to mental health 911 calls by pairing police with mental health clinicians. Researchers found that it reduced the number of future mental health emergency calls and involuntary psychiatric holds by roughly 17%.

Health
Arts & Culture
The Korean Satire ‘No Other Choice’ Is a Masterful Thriller From Park Chan-wook

Leaves and bodies fall in ‘No Other Choice,’ a devilish satire with a chilling autumnal wind blowing through it.

The San Francisco Giants Now Own the Curran Theatre
This Gas Station Food Truck Serves Amazing Kyrgyz Street Food in Santa Clara
More Arts
Science
California Lowers Climate Pollution by 3%, Report Finds

A report finds that California’s planet-warming emissions fell significantly in 2023, the third largest drop after the pandemic-induced economic slump and the 2008 recession.

Pine Trees, Reindeers and Snowflakes: 5 Winter Wild Videos From Deep Look
Monarch Butterflies Now Wear Tiny Tags — for Scientists to Track Them in Real Time
More Science
Stay on top of what’s happening in the Bay Area
Subscribe to News Daily for essential Bay Area news stories, sent to your inbox every weekday.
Email Address:
Subscribe

To learn more about how we use your information, please read our privacy policy.

Housing
Could Plug-In Solar Take Off in California?

The more accessible alternative to rooftop solar can hang from an apartment balcony, out a window, or be tented in the backyard.

San Francisco Community Land Trust Preserves Affordable Units to Meet State Housing Goals
In 2026, All Rental Homes in California Will Need to Have These 2 Things
More Housing
Immigration
California Is Banning Masks for Federal Agents. Here’s Why It Could Lose in Court

The Trump administration is suing to block a new California law that would ban federal law enforcement officers from wearings masks on duty. It was shaped by concerns over masked immigration agents in Los Angeles.

San Francisco Immigration Court Down to Four Judges After New Departures
Fearing ICE, California’s Immigrant Seniors Retreat From Social and Health Services
More Immigration

Their Stories, Their Voices

Criminally High - The U.S. Opioid Crisis
Raphael H.
Too Low a Bar for So High a Court
Alay S.
The Bechdel-Wallace Test: The Film Industry’s Failure to Represent Women
Andrew H.
View Youth Media
KQED Original Podcasts
slide 1 to 6 of 7
Sponsored
MORE TOP STORIES
Get Outside On New Years Day With These Guided Hikes
Volunteers are still needed to help with food and clothing distribution.
Could Plug-In Solar Take Off in California?
The more accessible alternative to rooftop solar can hang from an apartment balcony, out a window, or be tented in the backyard.
California Schools Will Have to Do More to Prevent Sex Abuse Under New Law
The law creates an array of measures to educate school staff, beef up reporting requirements and stop teachers credibly accused of abuse from getting jobs at other districts.
She Goes to Police Calls in a Prius. It's Part of New Approach to Mental Health Emergencies
San Mateo adopted a new approach to mental health 911 calls by pairing police with mental health clinicians. Researchers found that it reduced the number of future mental health emergency calls and involuntary psychiatric holds by roughly 17%.
Trump Move to Break Up Atmospheric Research Center Threatens Wildfire, Storm Predictions
‘This is only going to hurt Americans.’ Scientists, California state officials say the Trump administration’s plans to dismantle a key climate science hub will put public safety at risk.
Remembering Papa: Northern California’s Elderly Face Hidden Epidemic of Gun Suicides
Senior Californians in rural communities are dying by suicide at troubling rates—struggling with pain, cut off from doctors and mental health care, with guns at hand. Access to care and safety planning would help, experts say.
Who Draws the Lines? A History of Gerrymandering
As both red and blue states engage in partisan redistricting, Scott and Marisa revisit an earlier era of bare-knuckle politics when gerrymandering was a regular feature of California politics.
See More

Download the KQED app:
Copyright © 2025 KQED Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy

TV
Radio
Podcasts
Events
Newsletters
For Educators
For TV/Film Producers
News
Science
Arts & Culture
Technology
Labor
Crossword
Donate
Help Center
About
Community Representation Statement
Careers
Accessibility
Corporate Sponsorship
Financial and FCC Files
Contact Us
Live Radio
Forum (Rebroadcast)
Player sponsored by