Sign in
Book a demo
Get Krisp for free
Works with you, for you
AI Meeting Assistant with
#1 Noise Cancellation

Smarter meetings with transcripts, summaries, and action items
— bot-free recording, noise cancellation, and natural accents.

Get Krisp for Free
During Meeting
After Meeting
Before Meeting
In-meeting superpowers.

Stay sharp. Stay focused. Let your AI meeting agent handle the rest.

Transcription & Recording

Krisp’s AI meeting assistant silently handles transcripts and recordings.

Noise Cancellation

#1 AI noise cancellation for any meeting removes noise, echo, and cross-talk.

AI Noise Cancellation

Play and toggle Krisp on and off

With Krisp Noise Cancellation
Try out different noise types
Multiple noises
Barking dog
Crying baby
Keyboard clicks
Fan noise
Accent Conversion

AI accent conversion for clearer, more confident communication in every meeting.

Accent Conversion

Play and toggle Krisp on and off

With Krisp AI Accent Conversion
Try out different output voices
Manoj
Ishika
Automate post-meeting everything.

Cut manual work with AI Meeting Transcripts, AI Meeting Summary, and CRM updates.
Focus on what matters.

AI Meeting Notes

Accurate AI meeting notes to ensure you never miss a detail.

Sync to CRM

Push notes and action items directly to Salesforce, HubSpot, Slack, and more.

Centralized Action items

Track tasks from all meetings so nothing falls through the cracks.

Prepare before the meeting.

Get ready with the AI meeting agent. Smart agendas and insights before every call.

Agenda

Get AI suggestions based on previous conversations.

Recording presets

Choose from Transcript-only, Audio or Video modes.

On-time notifications

Never miss a meeting, even on busy days.

Get Krisp for free

Krisp's noise cancellation transformed our remote meetings. The new AI assistant features impressed us by streamlining note-taking, saving time during our 5–6 weekly calls, and boosting overall efficiency.

Esther Trapadoux
Director of Community, Amplitude
Flexibility to fit your workflow
Multilingual meeting support

Transcripts and summaries in 16
languages, ensuring seamless
communication across global teams.

1 - click sharing

Share notes and summaries via Slack or revisit with an easy-to-navigate timeline.

In-person meeting support

Not all conversations happen online.
With mobile and desktop support,
easily record and transcribe walk-
and-talks or sit-down meetings..

Ask Krisp

You don’t need to copy and paste transcript to chatGPT if templates we have are not enough. Ask anything right here!

Get Krisp for free
Store. Organize. Act On.
Workspaces

Unlock knowledge buried in team conversations.

From pre-meeting briefs and agendas to follow-ups, everything is organized for quick reference.
With integrations to productivity tools and flexible pricing, Krisp scales with teams of all sizes.

Book a demo
Your data, always kept private and secure.

We take security seriously, so you don’t have to worry.
Our enterprise-grade protections keep your information safe, private, and in your control.

Visit Trust center
SOC 2 Certified
Independently audited for top-tier security and privacy.
GDPR Compliance
Privacy built to meet EU regulations.
HIPAA Compliant
Complete protection for healthcare organizations.
PCI-DSS Certified
Certified to securely handle and process your payment information.
Works with any calling app
& integrates to your workflow

From Google Calendar to Zoom, Slack, HubSpot, Salesforce,
and Zapier - Krisp seamlessly fits into your workflow.

Install Mobile app

Meetings on the go with the Krisp mobile app!

Join & capture meetings from mobile
Transcribe in-person meeting
Easily access shared content
Capture & customize meetings
your way.
Chrome Extension

If using mostly conferencing apps inside chrome - like Google Meet.

Get extension
Audio/Video upload

Upload and transcribe your meeting recordings.

Custom Vocabulary

750 workspace-level terms and abbreviations, with industry-specific starter kits to get started easily.

Record with bot

Prefer automated participation?
Enable bots to join meetings when needed

Trusted by professionals - see our G2 reviews
Have questions?
We’ve got answers.
What is Krisp, and how are its products connected?
Does Krisp integrate with Zoom, Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, and Slack?
How accurate is Krisp transcription, and what affects quality?
Which languages Krisp supports for transcription?
Is there a Krisp mobile app, and what features does it include?
Does Krisp support in-person, hybrid, and online meetings?
AI for automation,
while keeping things human

Laughter detection
Because emotions add context to conversations...

Your AI teammate
for smarter meetings
Get Krisp for free
AI Meeting Assistant
Noise Cancellation
Accent Conversion
Meeting Transcription
Meeting Note Taker
Meeting Recording
Audio/Video to Text Convertor
Call Center AI
Noise Cancellation
Accent Conversion
Voice Translation
Agent Assist
AI Voice SDK
Voice Isolation SDK
Noise Cancellation SDK
Accent Conversion SDK
Company
About us
Careers
Blog
Live demo
Help center
Affiliate Program
Trust
Security
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Privacy for humans
Accessibility
Cookie policy

© 2025 Krisp Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
2150 Shattuck Ave, Penthouse 1300, Berkeley, California 94704, United States.

Book a demo
Get Krisp for free