Kroll | Financial and Risk Advisory Solutions Contact us Hotlines Happy Holidays and a Prosperous New Year! Watch our holiday message from your team at Kroll Watch Now Valuation Insights H2 2025 This edition of Valuation Insights H2 2025 brings together the latest themes shaping valuation and transaction dynamics across sectors. It highlights areas where markets are accelerating and emphasizes the importance of discipline and data. Read More Kroll StepStone Private Credit Benchmarks The Kroll StepStone Private Credit Benchmarks support the continued growth of private capital markets by allowing users to compare their strategies against a dynamic and accurate market barometer. Learn More Recap: The Democratization of Alternative Assets Intersection of Technology, Governance and Valuation Learn More 1 2 3 4 Featured News ISJ | Evolving Security, Empowering Resilience Kroll Elevates Global MDR Services, Migrating Protection to CrowdStrike Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR Kroll Completes Acquisition of Madison Pacific Group WSJ | Kroll and StepStone Group Create Private-Credit Benchmarks Service State of Cyber Resilience Research This report assesses enterprise risk priorities, examines budget trends and threat preparedness. Kroll’s new global study brings fresh insight into how 1,000 senior security leaders view, prioritize and manage cybersecurity as an enterprise risk in a rapidly changing landscape. Drawing on survey responses from security experts worldwide across different industry verticals, the Cyber Resilience report highlights today’s biggest cybersecurity concerns, emerging threats and shifting investment priorities. Sign UP Securing today, protecting tomorrow. Kroll and StepStone Group Launch Private Credit Benchmarks Kroll, the leading independent provider of global financial and risk advisory solutions, and StepStone Group (Nasdaq: STEP), a global private markets solutions provider, today announced the launch of the Kroll StepStone Private Credit Benchmarks (Benchmarks). A new industry standard, the Benchmarks enable more robust and rigorous valuation and provide an unmatched level of intelligence into multiple asset class's investment characteristics. Learn More Stay Ahead with Kroll Financial Advisory Measuring and maximizing value across the deal continuum LEARN MORE Risk Advisory Translating risk into opportunity LEARN MORE Business Services Streamline your complex administrative needs with Kroll LEARN MORE Tariff Insights and Guidance Stay informed on the latest US tariff policies and their impact on global markets, asset values, M&A activity, and capital planning. Explore expert insights, analysis, and guidance to help your business navigate trade uncertainty. Read More Kroll is headquartered in New York with offices around the world. Get to know us About Us Services Insights Our Values Client Stories Careers Find an Expert Locations Media Inquiry Helpful Links Accessibility Code of Conduct Cookies Policy Cookies Preference Center Data Privacy Framework Disclosure Kroll Ethics Hotline Licensing Modern Slavery Statement Privacy Policy One World Trade Center 285 Fulton Street, 31st Floor New York, NY 10007 +1 212 593 1000 https://www.facebook.com/wearekroll https://www.instagram.com/wearekroll/# https://www.linkedin.com/company/kroll/ https://x.com/KrollWire https://www.youtube.com/c/kroll Choose your region : Get Your Weekly Heads-Up Join our newsletter for the latest risk and financial trend analysis in your industry. SIGN UP © 2025 Kroll, LLC. All rights reserved.
Kroll is not affiliated with Kroll Bond Rating Agency,
Kroll OnTrack Inc. or their affiliated businesses. Read more .