San Antonio News, Texas News, Sports, Weather from KSAT.com, Expect More Close Skip to main content Open Main Menu Navigation Search all of KSAT.com Clear icon 61 º Go to the KSAT homepage Join Insider for Free Sign In Open the KSAT San Antonio Help Desk News Watch Live Weather KSAT Investigates Sports KSAT Connect SA Live Entertainment Features WEATHER ALERT 5 warnings and 6 advisories in effect for 11 regions in the area Show Breaking News Bar The 19-year-old was last seen in the 11000 block of Caspian Spring on Dec. 24 10 minutes ago Bexar County sheriff says body found during search for Camila Mendoza Olmos Read full article: Bexar County sheriff says body found during search for Camila Mendoza Olmos FILE - A police vehicle flashes its lights in Philadelphia, Monday, Jan. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Dentist arrested on assault, unlawful restraint charges, San Antonio police say Read full article: Dentist arrested on assault, unlawful restraint charges, San Antonio police say FILE - A helmet with the Valero Alamo Bowl logo. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) What to know about attending 33rd annual Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio Read full article: What to know about attending 33rd annual Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio ▶ 1:13 Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio What you need to know about Alamo Bowl traffic ▶ 0:37 What you need to know about Alamo Bowl traffic River Walk visitors share safety concerns as downtown prepares for busy events ▶ 1:17 River Walk visitors share safety concerns as downtown prepares for busy events BCSO shares video of pedestrian believed to be missing 19-year-old woman ▶ 0:28 BCSO shares video of pedestrian believed to be missing 19-year-old woman Family of missing 19-year-old continues search efforts nearly one week after her disappearance ▶ 0:27 Family of missing 19-year-old continues search efforts nearly one week after her disappearance How a free University Health program seeks to help manage patient medication intake ▶ 1:25 How a free University Health program seeks to help manage patient medication intake Here’s how to recycle Christmas trees, lights in San Antonio ▶ 1:14 Here’s how to recycle Christmas trees, lights in San Antonio Deputy who brought fast food to inmate, officer charged with DWI top list of law enforcement arrests ▶ 3:15 Deputy who brought fast food to inmate, officer charged with DWI top list of law enforcement arrests How to protect your pets during cold weather in South Texas ▶ 2:11 How to protect your pets during cold weather in South Texas Kerrville landowner plans monument to honor volunteers who aided during deadly July 4 floods ▶ 1:48 Kerrville landowner plans monument to honor volunteers who aided during deadly July 4 floods Woman arrested, accused of fatally shooting man in west Bexar County, sheriff says ▶ 1:51 Woman arrested, accused of fatally shooting man in west Bexar County, sheriff says From Hill Country flooding to Bexar County wildfires, here are the Top 5 weather events of 2025 ▶ 2:16 From Hill Country flooding to Bexar County wildfires, here are the Top 5 weather events of 2025 US Army veteran from Texas credits wilderness therapy for helping adjust to civilian life ▶ 0:55 US Army veteran from Texas credits wilderness therapy for helping adjust to civilian life FBI warns of ‘modern-day terrorism’ as Texas-born extremist group targets youth online ▶ 1:41 FBI warns of ‘modern-day terrorism’ as Texas-born extremist group targets youth online Kerrville landowner plans monument to honor volunteers who aided during deadly July 4 floods ▶ 1:48 Kerrville landowner plans monument to honor volunteers who aided during deadly July 4 floods Bystander rescues woman trapped after plane crash in Galveston ▶ 0:51 Bystander rescues woman trapped after plane crash in Galveston TxDOT begins construction on multi-year US Highway 90 expansion project ▶ 1:21 TxDOT begins construction on multi-year US Highway 90 expansion project Bexar County's Military and Veteran Services Department director placed on leave ▶ 1:30 Bexar County's Military and Veteran Services Department director placed on leave Gibson Costume Shop, a 100-year-old San Antonio staple, to begin liquidation sales in January ▶ 1:06 Gibson Costume Shop, a 100-year-old San Antonio staple, to begin liquidation sales in January What parents can do to help children stay safe online ▶ 0:56 What parents can do to help children stay safe online Any dog can be ‘dangerous’ 🐾 ▶ 0:57 Any dog can be ‘dangerous’ 🐾 Steele High School student conductor reimagines 'Joy to the World' ▶ 1:51 Steele High School student conductor reimagines 'Joy to the World' Scams targeting San Antonio seniors on the rise, SAPD says ▶ 0:50 Scams targeting San Antonio seniors on the rise, SAPD says Outgoing North East ISD superintendent discusses timing of departure, district’s challenges ahead ▶ 1:14 Outgoing North East ISD superintendent discusses timing of departure, district’s challenges ahead 🦍 Congo Falls gorilla exhibit at San Antonio Zoo to open this weekend ▶ 1:47 🦍 Congo Falls gorilla exhibit at San Antonio Zoo to open this weekend Previous photo Next photo All three arrested are employees at Watts Elementary School 3 Cibolo elementary school employees charged in connection with misconduct investigation, police say Read full article: 3 Cibolo elementary school employees charged in connection with misconduct investigation, police say The latest forecast from Your Weather Authority Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning Read full article: Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning Adiah Roberson, 19. Woman charged with murder in 2024 shooting of Sonic Drive-In manager appears in court Read full article: Woman charged with murder in 2024 shooting of Sonic Drive-In manager appears in court FILE: SAPD patrol car Abandoned AR-10 found at park near Southwest ISD elementary school, police say Read full article: Abandoned AR-10 found at park near Southwest ISD elementary school, police say These San Antonio restaurants announced closures in 2025. Pearl favorites, longtime establishments among 2025 San Antonio restaurant closure announcements Read full article: Pearl favorites, longtime establishments among 2025 San Antonio restaurant closure announcements Game kicks off at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 30, on ESPN Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio Read full article: Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio FILE - The seal of the Department of Justice is shown in Washington, Aug. 1, 2023. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File) Texas man accused of trying to aid Islamic State group is charged with international terrorism Read full article: Texas man accused of trying to aid Islamic State group is charged with international terrorism Lauro Gutierrez SAPD seeking man with medical condition last seen on East Side Read full article: SAPD seeking man with medical condition last seen on East Side Kasidy Trevino, 17, was on probation when the alleged attack took place Teen denied release after pepper-spray attack on River Walk barge Read full article: Teen denied release after pepper-spray attack on River Walk barge Old Baldy at Garner State Park (Photo Courtesy: tpwd.texas.gov) Celebrate 2026 with a New Year’s Day hike at these Texas State Parks Read full article: Celebrate 2026 with a New Year’s Day hike at these Texas State Parks Customers are encouraged to shop early while costumes are still available Gibson Costume Shop, a 100-year-old San Antonio staple, to begin liquidation sales in January Read full article: Gibson Costume Shop, a 100-year-old San Antonio staple, to begin liquidation sales in January No description available 1 day ago Texas to receive $281 million in federal funds for rural health care Read full article: Texas to receive $281 million in federal funds for rural health care Be the first to know with breaking news alerts to your inbox Sign Up THE LATEST The latest forecast from Your Weather Authority Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning Read full article: Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning FILE - Motorists pass outside Bor State Hospital in Bor, South Sudan, Monday, Aug. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly, File) Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants Read full article: Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants No description available Dallas County Republicans abandon plan to hand-count ballots in March primary Read full article: Dallas County Republicans abandon plan to hand-count ballots in March primary Miguel Thornton stands under memorial flags for the victims of a Jan. 1, 2025, vehicle ramming attack, outside of the Bourbon Street bar, where he works, on Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Jack Brook) New Orleans prepares for New Year's celebrations on anniversary of Bourbon Street attack Read full article: New Orleans prepares for New Year's celebrations on anniversary of Bourbon Street attack Have a news tip? Share with the KSAT 12 team WEATHER The latest forecast from Your Weather Authority Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning Read full article: Light freeze expected for many neighborhoods Wednesday morning Feeling like winter through New Year's Eve. Then warming. THIS WEEK: Cold through New Year’s Eve with a light freeze possible for some Read full article: THIS WEEK: Cold through New Year’s Eve with a light freeze possible for some MORE HEADLINES The body is believed to be a man in his 30s 1 day ago Body recovered from San Antonio River near Pearl, SAPD says Read full article: Body recovered from San Antonio River near Pearl, SAPD says The South Texas Coastal Initiative is growing in San Antonio San Antonio restaurant joins oyster shell recycling initiative to restore Texas reefs Read full article: San Antonio restaurant joins oyster shell recycling initiative to restore Texas reefs BCSO, SAPD arrests are up compared to 2024 Deputy who brought Whataburger to inmate, on-duty SAPD officer charged with DWI top list of 2025 law enforcement arrests Read full article: Deputy who brought Whataburger to inmate, on-duty SAPD officer charged with DWI top list of 2025 law enforcement arrests Visitors say taking safety precautions keeps the River Walk enjoyable River Walk visitors share safety concerns as downtown prepares for busy holiday events Read full article: River Walk visitors share safety concerns as downtown prepares for busy holiday events The bookstore will be closed for the remainder of Monday Driver hospitalized after crashing vehicle into Barnes & Noble on Northwest Side, SAPD says Read full article: Driver hospitalized after crashing vehicle into Barnes & Noble on Northwest Side, SAPD says The restaurant will have its last day Sunday, Jan. 4 Cured, dining staple at Pearl, to close after 12 years Read full article: Cured, dining staple at Pearl, to close after 12 years Camila Mendoza Olmos, 19, disappeared from outside home on Dec. 24 ‘We want her back’: Relatives of missing Bexar County 19-year-old anxious for her return Read full article: ‘We want her back’: Relatives of missing Bexar County 19-year-old anxious for her return Eddy Betancourt, 61, was found dead in McAllen, Texas Police search for suspect in murder of Rio Grande Valley businessman, Abbott appointee Read full article: Police search for suspect in murder of Rio Grande Valley businessman, Abbott appointee Despite steady juvenile crime rates, judges worry about escalating behaviors and families losing hope Juvenile crime numbers steady, but courts concerned over repeat offenses Read full article: Juvenile crime numbers steady, but courts concerned over repeat offenses From abuse to accountability, KSAT Investigates’ 2025 reporting pushed for answers and change. 1 day ago KSAT Investigates in 2025: From a felon running a sheriff’s foundation to a US Rep’s silence after staffer’s fiery death Read full article: KSAT Investigates in 2025: From a felon running a sheriff’s foundation to a US Rep’s silence after staffer’s fiery death A 51-year-old man wanted by the New Braunfels Police Department for a shooting has been arrested. Man wanted in New Braunfels shooting arrested, records show Read full article: Man wanted in New Braunfels shooting arrested, records show Javier Salazar said ‘nothing has occurred that can’t be fixed’ in a message to Camila Mendoza Olmos 1 day ago Mental health among concerns in search for missing 19-year-old, Bexar County sheriff says Read full article: Mental health among concerns in search for missing 19-year-old, Bexar County sheriff says Roughly 200 people attended a balloon release in memory of Edward Trejo 1 day ago ‘He had a big heart’: Family, friends remember man killed over a neighbor’s noise complaint Read full article: ‘He had a big heart’: Family, friends remember man killed over a neighbor’s noise complaint No description available 1 day ago How a free University Health program seeks to help manage patient medication intake Read full article: How a free University Health program seeks to help manage patient medication intake KSAT INVESTIGATES From abuse to accountability, KSAT Investigates’ 2025 reporting pushed for answers and change. 1 day ago KSAT Investigates in 2025: From a felon running a sheriff’s foundation to a US Rep’s silence after staffer’s fiery death Read full article: KSAT Investigates in 2025: From a felon running a sheriff’s foundation to a US Rep’s silence after staffer’s fiery death BCSO, SAPD arrests are up compared to 2024 Deputy who brought Whataburger to inmate, on-duty SAPD officer charged with DWI top list of 2025 law enforcement arrests Read full article: Deputy who brought Whataburger to inmate, on-duty SAPD officer charged with DWI top list of 2025 law enforcement arrests Rita Elizondo, 72, faces three felony charges after Tuesday afternoon arrest Former Hispanic chamber president indicted, accused of defrauding her 103-year-old mother Read full article: Former Hispanic chamber president indicted, accused of defrauding her 103-year-old mother Ombudsman finds former deputy director Nancy Taguacta targeted employees, disclosed protected health information, and fostered a hostile work environment before her retirement in late Oct. Employees say Bexar County veterans agency in turmoil after director put on leave, deputy director forced out Read full article: Employees say Bexar County veterans agency in turmoil after director put on leave, deputy director forced out SPORTS Game kicks off at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 30, on ESPN Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio Read full article: Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio San Antonio Spurs guard De'Aaron Fox (4) drives to the basket abasing Cleveland Cavaliers center Evan Mobley (4) during the second half of an NBA basketball game in San Antonio, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Allen’s 27 points, 10 rebounds help Cavaliers overcome Wembanyama, Spurs 113-101 Read full article: Allen’s 27 points, 10 rebounds help Cavaliers overcome Wembanyama, Spurs 113-101 KSAT 12 Sports and CHRISTUS Children’s shine a spotlight on a local senior student athlete 1 day ago Scholar Athlete of the Week: Leonard Lozano, Burbank High School Read full article: Scholar Athlete of the Week: Leonard Lozano, Burbank High School Kickoff is set for 8 p.m. Tuesday at the Alamodome. 2 days ago TCU, USC settle into San Antonio as Alamo Bowl kickoff nears Read full article: TCU, USC settle into San Antonio as Alamo Bowl kickoff nears LATEST HEADLINES FILE: SAPD patrol car Abandoned AR-10 found at park near Southwest ISD elementary school, police say Read full article: Abandoned AR-10 found at park near Southwest ISD elementary school, police say Adiah Roberson, 19. Woman charged with murder in 2024 shooting of Sonic Drive-In manager appears in court Read full article: Woman charged with murder in 2024 shooting of Sonic Drive-In manager appears in court FILE - A police vehicle flashes its lights in Philadelphia, Monday, Jan. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Dentist arrested on assault, unlawful restraint charges, San Antonio police say Read full article: Dentist arrested on assault, unlawful restraint charges, San Antonio police say An ice fisherman starts his auger before drilling a hole in the ice on Long Lake following yesterday's freezing rainstorm, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Harrison, Maine. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty) Extreme Midwest cold follows storm that barreled across Great Lakes and Northeast Read full article: Extreme Midwest cold follows storm that barreled across Great Lakes and Northeast FILE - Caroline Kennedy, ambassador of the United States to Australia, left, arrives with her husband, Edwin Schlossberg, center left, and her children, Tatiana Schlossberg, center right, and Jack Schlossberg, right, Sunday, Oct. 29, 2023, before the presentation ceremony for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne, File) Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Read full article: Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Kilmar Abrego Garcia and his wife Jennifer Vasquez Sura leave the United States District Court District of Maryland, Monday, Dec. 22, 2025, in Greenbelt, Md. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough) DOJ pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge's order says Read full article: DOJ pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge's order says The Federal Reserve Chair logo appears on a podium at the Federal Reserve, Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show Read full article: December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show Game kicks off at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 30, on ESPN Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio Read full article: Sights and sounds: USC, TCU fans tailgate before Valero Alamo Bowl in San Antonio FILE - Marching bands perform along Colorado Blvd. in the 136th Rose Parade, in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File) Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop Read full article: Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop FILE - Director of the Office of Management and Budget Russell Vought speaks to reporters at the White House, Thursday, July 24, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) Judge blocks White House's attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid Read full article: Judge blocks White House's attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid FILE - FBI Director Kash Patel White House speaks during a press briefing at the White House, Wednesday, Nov. 12, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File) Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Read full article: Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers FILE - Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during the company's Connect developer conference Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2025, in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Nic Coury, File) Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance its artificial intelligence efforts Read full article: Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance its artificial intelligence efforts Lauro Gutierrez SAPD seeking man with medical condition last seen on East Side Read full article: SAPD seeking man with medical condition last seen on East Side New signage, The Donald J. Trump and The John F. Kennedy Memorial Center For The Performing Arts, is unveiled on the Kennedy Center, Friday, Dec. 19, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations Read full article: Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations FILE - Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Greg Abel poses for pictures with shareholders while touring the booths Berkshires companies set up, May 3, 2024, in Omaha, Neb. (AP Photo/Josh Funk, File) The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era Read full article: The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era Old Baldy at Garner State Park (Photo Courtesy: tpwd.texas.gov) Celebrate 2026 with a New Year’s Day hike at these Texas State Parks Read full article: Celebrate 2026 with a New Year’s Day hike at these Texas State Parks A Basset Fauve De Bretagne stands for photographs during a Meet the Breeds event February 22, 2022 in San Diego. (David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP) Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Read full article: Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Palestinians pass along a street surrounded by buildings destroyed during Israeli air and ground operations in the Sheikh Radwan neighborhood, in Gaza City, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana) Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 Read full article: Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 FILE - Voters fill out their ballots Nov. 4, 2025, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File) After quiet off-year elections, Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms Read full article: After quiet off-year elections, Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms This 1825 etching provided by the Library of Congress shows an astronomical chart depicting Bootes the Ploughman holding a spear, a sickle, and two dogs, Asterion and Chara, on leashes, a quadrant, and the hair of Berenice forming the constellations. (Sidney Hall/Library of Congress via AP) The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Read full article: The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Travelers queue for Eurostar services at St Pancras International station in London, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Alberto Pezzali) Channel Tunnel disruption affects Eurostar and vehicle shuttle between France and England Read full article: Channel Tunnel disruption affects Eurostar and vehicle shuttle between France and England FILE - Parishioners of Notre Dame d'Haiti process outside the Catholic church during a Lent faith event that reenacted the biblical story of the Red Sea passage March 29, 2025, in Miami. (AP Photo/Giovanna Dell'Orto, File) US faith leaders supporting targeted immigrants brace for a tough year ahead Read full article: US faith leaders supporting targeted immigrants brace for a tough year ahead In this photo provided by Ukraine's 65th Mechanized Brigade press service, recruits attend drills at a training ground in the Zaporizhzhia region, Ukraine, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025. (Andriy Andriyenko/Ukraine's 65th Mechanized Brigade via AP) European and Canadian leaders discuss US-led peace efforts in Russia-Ukraine war Read full article: European and Canadian leaders discuss US-led peace efforts in Russia-Ukraine war No description available Texas 2025: The stories that mattered most to readers Read full article: Texas 2025: The stories that mattered most to readers A woman touches a poster showing actor Brigitte Bardo near her home in Saint-Tropez, southern France, Sunday, Dec. 28, 2025 after the French 1960s sex symbol who became one of the greatest screen sirens of the 20th century and later a militant animal rights activist and far-right supporter, has died. She was 91. (AP Photo/Philippe Magoni) Brigitte Bardot's funeral will be held next week in French Riviera resort of Saint-Tropez Read full article: Brigitte Bardot's funeral will be held next week in French Riviera resort of Saint-Tropez FILE - George Clooney and his wife Amal Clooney pose for photographers upon arrival at the screening of the film "The Boys In The Boat," Dec. 3, 2023, in London. (Photo by Alberto Pezzali/Invision/AP, File) France grants citizenship to George and Amal Clooney and their twins Ella and Alexander Read full article: France grants citizenship to George and Amal Clooney and their twins Ella and Alexander In this image made from video provided by Russian Defense Ministry Press Service on Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, A Russia's Oreshnik missile system is seen during a training in an undisclosed location in Belarus. (Russian Defense Ministry Press Service via AP) Russia's nuclear-capable Oreshnik missiles have entered active service, Moscow says Read full article: Russia's nuclear-capable Oreshnik missiles have entered active service, Moscow says France's Foreign Affairs Minister Jean-Noel Barrot, left, and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi shake hands before their meeting at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing, China, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2025. (Pedro Pardo/Pool Photo via AP) China's top diplomat blasts US arms sale to Taiwan as military drills around the island unfold Read full article: China's top diplomat blasts US arms sale to Taiwan as military drills around the island unfold An ice fisherman starts his auger before drilling a hole in the ice on Long Lake following yesterday's freezing rainstorm, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Harrison, Maine. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty) Arctic blast brings snow and wind to the Great Lakes and Northeast Read full article: Arctic blast brings snow and wind to the Great Lakes and Northeast A Taiwan's Mirage 2000 fighter jet runs past an airplane fort at an airbase in Hsinchu, northern Taiwan, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Chiang Ying-ying) China flexes blockade capabilities near Taiwan on second day of military drills Read full article: China flexes blockade capabilities near Taiwan on second day of military drills Specialist Glenn Carell, left, and trader Robert Charmak work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2025. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Stocks edge lower as 2025 winds down while gold and silver rise Read full article: Stocks edge lower as 2025 winds down while gold and silver rise Marco Calo, left, a geophysicist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), take a break on the slopes of the Popocatepetl volcano in Mexico, Friday, Dec. 5, 2025. (AP Photo/Eduardo Verdugo) What's inside Mexico's Popocatépetl? Scientists obtain first 3D images of the whole volcano Read full article: What's inside Mexico's Popocatépetl? Scientists obtain first 3D images of the whole volcano FILE - The PEEPS Chick rings in the new year at the 7th annual PEEPSFEST at SteelStacks Thursday Dec. 31, 2015 in Bethlehem, Pa. (Jeff Fusco/AP Images for Just Born Quality Confections) Where are the wackiest New Year's Eve drops in the US? Read full article: Where are the wackiest New Year's Eve drops in the US? The South Texas Coastal Initiative is growing in San Antonio San Antonio restaurant joins oyster shell recycling initiative to restore Texas reefs Read full article: San Antonio restaurant joins oyster shell recycling initiative to restore Texas reefs Feeling like winter through New Year's Eve. Then warming. THIS WEEK: Cold through New Year’s Eve with a light freeze possible for some Read full article: THIS WEEK: Cold through New Year’s Eve with a light freeze possible for some Australian Federal Police Commissioner Krissy Barrett speaks about the Bondi terror attack investigation as Prime Minister Anthony Albanese, right, listens, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Canberra, Australia. (Hilary Wardhaugh/AAP Image via AP) Australian police find no evidence of 'broader terrorist cell' in Bondi Beach antisemitic shooting Read full article: Australian police find no evidence of 'broader terrorist cell' in Bondi Beach antisemitic shooting BACK TO TOP Email Newsletters KSAT RSS Feeds Contests and Rules Contact Us KSAT Internships Careers at KSAT Closed Captioning / Audio Description Public File Current EEO Report Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info FCC Applications Cookie Preferences Follow Us Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab) Visit our X page (opens in a new tab) Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab) Get Results With Omne If you need help with the Public File, call (210) 351-1200 At KSAT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence. Copyright © 2025 KSAT.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.