KSL TV 5: Utah News, Weather, Sports & Investigative Reports Close KSLTV.com Live Olympics Investigates Shows Weather Podcasts Local National Program Guide Shows The Noon Show KSL Outdoors with Adam Eakle KSL Sports Live Cozi TV on KSL 5.2 Features KSL's Quarters for Christmas KSLKids.com Healthy Mind Matters Positively 50+ Your Life Your Health Road to Zero Fatalities Unaffordable Utah Wednesday's Child 5B45 Kids Promotions Contests Holiday Lights at The Ballpark Titanic The Exhibition Hello Humankindness General Contest Rules Connect with KSL Contact Us Sign Up for a KSL Newsletter Download the KSLTV.com App Meet Our Team As You See It / Submit photos KSL Community Calendar Discover KSLSports.com KSL NewsRadio KSL Podcasts KSL.com 103.5 The Arrow FM100.3 Live News tips Investigates Shows Weather Local National Menu TOP STORIES Funeral service: Remembering President Jeffrey R. Holland Local News Tooele residents to welcome 2026 with annual plunge into frigid Stansbury Lake Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades NBC 'Law & Order: Special Victims Unit' airs Thursdays on KSL TV THE LATEST This Utah Republican is challenging a longtime GOP lawmaker for a seat in the Senate 4 minutes ago Chief Justice says Constitution remains 'firm and unshaken' with major Supreme Court rulings ahead 58 minutes ago Wall Street falls in light trading on the final day of 2025, another banner year for markets 1 hour ago Utah's biggest stories of 2025 2 hours ago Sticking to your fitness goals in 2026 2 hours ago Dampier sends No. 15 Utah out with 11th win in Las Vegas Bowl blowout over Nebraska 3 hours ago KSL 5 TV Live Videos from KSL TV Sticking to your fitness goals in 2026 Additional Security in place for Last Hurrah 'Evidence of divine love': Funeral program honors Sandy ‘sim room’ educates public about house fires More than 40 law enforcement agencies crack down on impaired drivers during New Year's holiday Afternoon forecast Dec. 30, 2025 Feds send checks to CarShield extended warranty customers for 'misleading' ads 1 killed, 1 injured in crash down cliff in Little Cottonwood Canyon Morning forecast for Dec. 30, 2025 Neighbors concerned about SLC ‘biotower’ project Winter finally arrives at Utah ski resorts after weekend snowfall Deadly shooting in South Jordan the result of an argument that 'escalated quickly' College graduate’s U-Haul stolen during stop in Salt Lake City Wednesday’s Child:  Volunteers wrap gifts to bring “normalcy” to Utah foster youth this Christmas 'Family Day' at Titanic Exhibition draws thousands to explore artifacts and history Tyler Robinson's closed October hearing will be released with some redactions Cedar City builder discusses approach to affordability, quality Northern Utah finally gets snow, skiers and snowboarders couldn’t be happier South Jordan crash ejects passenger and hospitalizes three Beloved Apostle Jeffrey R. Holland Passes Away Evening forecast Dec. 26, 2025 Utah skiers excited about incoming mountain snow storm Low snow doesn't mean no avalanche risk, experts say Utah woman gives birth under hospital Christmas tree At 93, Draper man finds health and happiness in giving Join the KSL TV Community TITANIC The Exhibition Holiday Lights at the Ballpark Quarter's for Christmas Local News Shelby Lofton Additional security in place for Salt Lake City New Year's celebration As revelers celebrate the new year, additional security will be in place to ensure all who attend will have a safe New Year's Eve celebration. Pat Reavy, KSL Springville man arrested after police chases exceeding 100 mph A Springville man was arrested early Wednesday and accused of twice trying to flee police by exceeding 100 mph. Garna Mejia Boy withdrawn for ‘homeschooling’ leads to one of Utah’s first child torture charges Three family members in Moab are facing charges under Utah’s newly enacted child torture statute. Courtney Johns Moab child torture case: Graphic allegations detail months of abuse Authorities allege a Moab child endured starvation, confinement in a dog kennel, and physical restraints over several months. Andrew Adams Sandy ‘sim room’ educates public about house fires The Sandy City Fire Department is one of the first fire houses to offer a sim room to help train both firefighters and the public. Steve Bartle, Utah Insider, KSL Sports No reset button: Morgan Scalley begins his era the Utah way Morgan Scalley's isn’t a debut born of upheaval or crisis. It’s a deliberate handoff, forged inside a program built by Kyle Whittingham. KSL Investigates Matt Gephardt Feds send checks to CarShield extended warranty customers for 'misleading' ads The Federal Trade Commission has started sending checks to people it says were misled by advertising for CarShield extended warranty plans. KSL Staff KSL Investigations that made a difference in Utah in 2025 In 2025, the KSL Investigators looked into the reasons why some students were secluded in schools, slow investigations by police of stalking allegations, and the rising fraud in Utah. Here are some of the investigations KSL conducted that made a difference this year. Matt Gephardt and Sloan Schrage Midvale woman fights for refund on an undelivered order Utah grandmother decides to Get Gephardt after she says retailer is fighting her dispute on charges for an undelivered order. Daniella Rivera Suspect in Weber County Amber Alert makes initial court appearance in child kidnapping case Amber Alert suspect Christopher Wiggins faced a Utah judge for the first time Thursday after he was caught with a missing girl in Colorado last month. Matt Gephardt, KSL Missteps leave West Valley woman stuck with $30K in fraudulent credit card charges A Utah woman owes tens-of-thousands of dollars for fraudulent credit charges she insists she didn't make. Here are key steps she missed that could have protected her. Matt Gephardt Delivery scams surge ahead of the holidays — here's how you can protect yourself New data shows delivery scams have skyrocketed as scammers exploit the holiday rush. Here's how to protect your money and your personal info. General Conference Cassidy Wixom, KSL.com Church of Jesus Christ discontinues Saturday evening session of general conference The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced Wednesday there will no longer be a Saturday evening session during its general conferences. Joe Wirthlin No new temples announced during October General Conference President Dallin H. Oaks of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles revealed that there will be no new temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced during the 195th Semiannual General Conference. Daniel Woodruff First day of historic Latter-day Saint general conference wraps up The first day of the 195th Semiannual General Conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has concluded, with tens of thousands of listeners pouring into Salt Lake City to hear them in person. Immigration 2025 Shelby Lofton 'If they can't resolve this, they will turn them over to ICE;' Utah foster family’s trip turns into border mishap A holiday trip to visit family turned into an ordeal for a Utah father and his two foster sons when they were detained for hours at the U.S.-Canada border. Tim Vandenack, KSL Amid unfolding crackdown, Utah advocates launch effort to aid immigrants headed to court Utah immigrant advocates are launching an initiative to support immigrants fearful of deportation at criminal and immigration court hearings. Shelby Lofton, Adam Small and Mary Culbertson, KSL DHS says a man detained by ICE was a predator. His attorneys say that's libel After a Utah man was arrested by ICE, the Department of Homeland Security is now being accused of libel by his legal representation due to comments it made on social media alleging he's a predator. Shelby Lofton Utah husband and father now being held in Arizona ICE detention center A Utah man detained by ICE agents minutes before his green card interview is now being held in Arizona. Zoe Sottile, CNN What we know – and don’t know – about the immigration crackdown expected in New Orleans this week As Department of Homeland Security agents are expected to surge into New Orleans this week, a common thread has emerged among local officials: They’re being kept in the dark. Rebecca Santana, Associated Press Shooting of National Guard members prompts flurry of US immigration restrictions Since last week's shooting of two National Guard members, the Trump administration announced a flurry of policies aimed at making it harder for some foreigners to enter or stay in the country. Utah's Weather Alex Cabrero Winter finally arrives at Utah ski resorts after weekend snowfall Fresh snowfall over the weekend brought improved conditions, more open terrain, and plenty of excitement for Utah skiers and snowboarders. Alex Cabrero Northern Utah finally gets snow, skiers and snowboarders couldn’t be happier Snow fell overnight in the mountains, bringing smiles to skiers, snowboarders, and anyone who’s been watching the forecast and hoping for a change to what has been a record setting December for heat. Brian Carlson Utah skiers excited about incoming mountain snow storm An upcoming snowstorm could bring as much as two feet of snow to the mountains, and no one is more excited than Utah's skiers and snowboarders. Emma Benson Low snow doesn't mean no avalanche risk, Utah experts say If there's snow on the ground an avalanche is possible Utah officials told KSL. They said avalanche risk is especially evident in the back country. Tim Vandenack, KSL North Ogden Divide to get gates to enable closure for avalanches in bad weather Weber County officials said the North Ogden Divide gates can be lowered during avalanches or when driving conditions are dangerous. Carter Williams, KSL Salt Lake City breaks Christmas record; winter weather advisories issued across Utah SALT LAKE CITY — This Christmas was one for the record books in Utah, as Salt Lake City broke its warmest temperature ever recorded on the holiday in 151 years. The city’s official temperature reached 59 degrees Fahrenheit at midnight, matching the previous high set in 1955, and reached 60 degrees later in the day […] National News Anthony Izaguirre, Associated Press Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Zohran Mamdani will become mayor of New York City as the clock ticks over into 2026. Andy Rose, CNN Body found during search for Texas teen who went missing on Christmas Eve, sheriff says Camila Mendoza Olmos went missing near San Antonio the day before Christmas, police said. Foul play is not suspected. Zoe Sottile, Andy Rose, Holmes Lybrand, Lauren Mascarenhas, CNN Trump administration freezes child care payments to Minnesota amid investigation into alleged fraud HHS officials announced the funding freeze on Tuesday, weeks after ICE launched operations in Minnesota. Margaret Darby, Deseret News The year the PG movie thrived Hollywood owes a thank you to Gen Alpha (kids 12 and younger) for fueling a PG movie box-office boost. Adithi Ramakrishnan, Associated Press The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies The year's first supermoon and meteor shower will sync up in January skies, but the light from one may dim the other. Michael Casey, AP Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charges, denies allegations New England Patriots star wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing strangulation and other criminal charges in connection with an incident that happened earlier this month, police said. Lori Vallow & Chad Daybell Jaques Billeaud, Associated Press Lori Vallow Daybell receives additional life sentences in Arizona, ending legal saga Lori Vallow Daybell was sentenced to life in prison Friday on two murder conspiracy convictions in Arizona, marking an end to a winding legal saga for the mother with doomsday religious beliefs who claimed people in her life had been possessed by evil spirits. Michael Houck ‘She is very careful’: Unreleased footage shows Brandon Boudreaux report his ex-wife trespassing Newly obtained body camera footage shows how cautious Brandon Boudreaux was after he was shot at in Arizona. Emily Ashcraft, KSL.com Lori Daybell taken out of courtroom after accusing judge of yelling at her in murder conspiracy trial Judge Justin Beresky asked officers to escort Lori Vallow Daybell from the courtroom Friday while she was still trying to speak with him ahead of a break during the second day of her jury trial. Simone Seikaly Jury finds Lori Vallow Daybell guilty of conspiracy to murder her estranged husband Lori Vallow Daybell was found guilty by a jury in Arizona on Tuesday for conspiring to murder her estranged husband, Charles Vallow, in 2019. Emily Ashcraft, KSL.com Jurors now considering whether Lori Daybell conspired with brother to murder her husband Lori Vallow Daybell told jurors that prosecutors attacked her character during this trial but did not show evidence of an agreement to commit murder. Rather, she insisted her husband's death was a "family tragedy" that tore her family apart. Garna Mejia Lori Vallow Daybell’s second trial: A veteran prosecutor’s perspective In the ongoing second trial of Lori Vallow Daybell in Arizona, Rachel Smith, a veteran prosecutor who played a key role in securing the first conviction against Vallow Daybell in Idaho, has weighed in on the proceedings. World News Wafaa Shurafa and Sally Abou Aljoud, Associated press Winter rain floods Gaza camps as Netanyahu heads for US meeting Winter rain has lashed the Gaza Strip, flooding camps with ankle-deep puddles as Palestinians displaced by war try to stay dry in fraying tents. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is traveling for an expected meeting on Monday with U.S. President Donald Trump about the second phase of the ceasefire. Will Weissert, Seung Min Kim and Elise Morton, Associated Press Zelenskyy to meet with Trump as efforts to end Russia-Ukraine war remain elusive President Donald Trump will host Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to try to close out a peace agreement between Ukraine and Russia that would end nearly four years of war. Zelenskyy arrived Sunday in Florida, where Trump is spending the holidays. Ghaith Alsayed and Sally Al Joud, Associated Press Mosque bombing in Syria leaves 8 dead and 18 wounded A bombing at a mosque in the Syrian city of Homs during Friday prayers killed at least eight people and wounded 18 others, authorities said, as long-standing sectarian, ethnic and political fault lines continue to destabilize the country, even as large-scale fighting has subsided. Associated Press Car bomb kills Russian general in Moscow A car bomb killed a Russian general on Monday, the third such killing of a senior military officer in a year. Investigators said Ukraine may be behind the attack. Michelle Gumede and Alfonso Nqunjana, Associated Press Multiple gunmen open fire at a South African pub, killing 9 and wounding 10 Authorities report that nine people have died and at least 10 others are injured after a shooting at a South African pub. The incident occurred early Sunday in Bekkersdal, west of Johannesburg. Police say about 12 suspects in a white minibus and a silver sedan opened fire at the KwaNoxolo tavern and continued shooting as they fled. Rod McGuirk, Associated Press Thousands gather at Bondi Beach to mourn victims of antisemitic attack Thousands of mourners have gathered at Sydney’s Bondi Beach to mark a week since two gunmen targeted a Jewish festival, killing 15 people. The attack has spurred Australian governments to act against antisemitism and tighten gun controls. Politics Zoe Sottile, Andy Rose, Holmes Lybrand, Lauren Mascarenhas, CNN Trump administration freezes child care payments to Minnesota amid investigation into alleged fraud HHS officials announced the funding freeze on Tuesday, weeks after ICE launched operations in Minnesota. Brigham Tomco, Deseret News Former 9-term congressman Rob Bishop running for Utah legislative seat The former state House speaker said it would be a ‘nice circular ending’ to his political career Bridger Beal-Cvetko, KSL Judge paves way for Legislature to appeal redistricting ruling to Utah Supreme Court Judge Dianna Gibson criticized lawmakers for not appealing the redistricting case sooner. Bridger Beal-Cvetko and Daniel Woodruff, KSL Former Democrat-turned-Republican leaving Utah Legislature to run for local office Rep. Christine Watkins is joining the ranks of Utah state lawmakers who will not seek reelection, saying she plans to run for a local office instead. Bridger Beal-Cvetko and Daniel Woodruff, KSL Utah's longest-serving female legislator to step down after 26 years Utah's longest-serving female lawmaker announced Monday that she will not seek reelection next year and will conclude her service after 26 years in the Utah Legislature. Pat Reavy, KSL Tyler Robinson wants prosecutors disqualified, alleging a conflict of interest Robinson, 22, of Washington, Washington County, is accused of shooting and killing conservative activist Charlie Kirk on Sept. 10 while Kirk was speaking at Utah Valley University. Education and Schools KSL Sports BYU Completes Pop-Tarts Bowl Comeback, Takes Down Georgia Tech ORLANDO, Florida – The BYU Cougars were on life support at halftime before waking from a coma and taking down the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 25-21 in come-from-behind fashion. The win caps BYU’s first 12-win season since 2001. No. 12 BYU (12-2) wrapped up the season against the Yellow Jackets (9-4) at Camping World Stadium on […] Alex Cabrero Majestic Elementary music teacher heads to Rose Parade on New Year’s Day This upcoming New Year's Day, a Majestic Elementary school teacher will head to the national stage, marching in the Rose Parade along with more than 300 other band directors from across North America. Deanie Wimmer and Michael Houck Musician surprises Herriman High School marching band while on tour A Utah high school marching band that spent over 250 hours preparing a field show based on an indie-folk artist's music got a surprise they'll never forget. LÓRIEN BRISCOE U. Olympic-linked pistol marksmanship team faces relocation The University of Utah’s pistol marksmanship program, home to a high-demand course, a nationally ranked collegiate team and Olympic alumni, is preparing to relocate due to the campus shooting range being slated for renovation and closure next year. Debbie Worthen Utah family launches viral hashtag to bring joy to daughter with Rett syndrome Their goal isn’t fame or followers. It’s something far more personal: bringing joy and connection to their daughter, 18‑year‑old Becca Whitmer, who lives with Rett syndrome. Debbie Worthen Tinsel the cow brings holiday cheer—and a little mischief—to Eagle Mountain The inflatable cow, affectionately named Tinsel, isn’t just a yard ornament. It’s the centerpiece of a game where the goal is simple: steal Tinsel without getting caught. Give-A-Thon Angie Denison Edison's Journey: 35 surgeries, big dreams and a heart full of hope Edison Dunn was born with Apert syndrome, and therefore, he's a regular at Primary Children's Hospital. Angie Denison Olivia’s Comeback: From Leukemia diagnosis to living life fully After about 3 years of fighting Leukemia, a Utah teen is now living her life to the fullest. Angie Denison, KSL TV From two transplants to the World Transplant Games: Henry’s story of strength In a small town in Central Utah, 18-year-old Henry Coulter is proving that resilience can be stronger than any diagnosis. After surviving kidney failure, sepsis, dialysis, and two kidney transplants, Henry isn’t slowing down—he’s just getting started. Angie Denison From patients to healers: The ripple effect of Primary Children’s Hospital Inside the walls of Primary Children’s Hospital, something remarkable happens every day. Angie Denison From stage 4 cancer to soccer star: Ruby’s story of hope When Ruby Thackeray was just a toddler, her parents received devastating news: She had stage 4 melanoma. Angie Denison and Michael Houck, KSL TV Pop Star Nurse: Ysabelle Cueva pursues both of her passions By day, Ysabelle Cuevas is a registered nurse at Intermountain Primary Children’s Hospital. But her other passion is inspiring others with her music. Great Salt Lake Adithi Ramakrishnan, Associated Press The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies The year's first supermoon and meteor shower will sync up in January skies, but the light from one may dim the other. Emma Benson Low snow doesn't mean no avalanche risk, Utah experts say If there's snow on the ground an avalanche is possible Utah officials told KSL. They said avalanche risk is especially evident in the back country. Mike Anderson Beaver Mountain delays opening until after Christmas, first time in several decades For the first time since at least the late 70's Beaver Mountain ski resort will not be able to open in time for Christmas. Record warm temperatures and rain are to blame. Curtis Booker, KSL EPA awards $3.4M grant to expand waste management in Davis County Wasatch Integrated Waste Management District in Davis County will receive over $3.4 million in grants to expand composting and recycling. Andrew Adams Online video captures bobcat encounter in SLC’s Avenues An online video posted on Reddit shows two bobcats attempting to hunt a squirrel in the Avenues. Curtis Booker, KSL Pine Valley recreation area to remain closed as repairs continue through 2026 Wildfire and flooding led to the Pine Valley closure through the 2026 season, officials announced Friday. Science & Technology Adithi Ramakrishnan, Associated Press Hubble Space Telescope spies dusty debris from two cosmic collisions NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has gotten a rare peek at the aftermath of two cosmic collisions — and helped scientists solve a decades-old mystery. Carter Williams, KSL How AI is helping UDOT catch previously undetected truck tire problems How AI is helping UDOT catch previously undetected truck tire problems Deanie Wimmer Fighter jets to fast sleds: Weber State advanced materials lab could give USA sleds the edge Weber State University’s MARS lab is working on developing new technology that could allow U.S. skeleton and bobsled athletes to go even faster ahead of the 2034 Winter Olympic Games. Katie Hunt, CNN Some dolphins appear to have orca friends. Scientists think they have figured out what’s going on A pod of Pacific white-sided dolphins off the coast of British Columbia have been observed cooperating with orcas, a traditional enemy that’s better known for taking out great white sharks than friendly interaction. Clare Duffy, CNN US government launches ‘Tech Force’ to hire AI talent The US government is launching an early career hiring and talent development program to bring more technology and artificial intelligence employees to the public sector, as part of the Trump administration’s efforts to modernize government systems and stay ahead in the global tech race. Marcia Dunn, Associated Press NASA loses contact with its Maven spacecraft orbiting Mars for the past decade This combination of ultraviolet spectrum images provided by NASA shows atmospheric features of the planet Mars in July 2022, left, during the southern hemisphere’s summer season, and the planet’s northern hemisphere in January 2023 after Mars had passed the farthest point in its orbit from the Sun, captured by the MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN) spacecraft. KSL Sports KSL Sports PK: Utah Couldn’t Have Asked For A Better Start To The Morgan Scalley Era Morgan Scalley probably would have liked an easier hand to make a debut. But he led the Utes into the Las Vegas Bowl against a Big Ten opponent. KSL Sports Every Utah Football Touchdown Scored Against Nebraska In Las Vegas Bowl Utah football ended its 2025 campaign on a high note with a 44-22 victory over the Nebraska Cornhuskers in the Las Vegas Bowl. KSL Sports Utah Football Stomps Nebraska, Crowned Las Vegas Bowl Champions Utah football turned up the heat in Sin City and blew out the Nebraska Cornhuskers in the Las Vegas Bowl on Wednesday. KSL Sports Utah Turns Bowl Into Statement, Rolls Nebraska Behind Devon Dampier Masterclass It looked like the Las Vegas Bowl might be a throwback rock fight. Then Morgan Scalley's Utah football program turned it into a clinic. KSL Sports Devon Dampier Opens Scoring For Utah In Las Vegas Bowl After conceding an early touchdown on defense, Devon Dampier and the Utah football offense were quick to respond. KSL Sports Will Utah Mammoth Captain Clayton Keller Make Team USA’s Olympic Cut? Has Utah Mammoth captain Clayton Keller done enough to earn a spot on Team USA's 25-player roster for the Milan Cortina 2026 Winter Olympic Games? Entertainment Margaret Darby, Deseret News The year the PG movie thrived Hollywood owes a thank you to Gen Alpha (kids 12 and younger) for fueling a PG movie box-office boost. David George, EastIdahoNews.com The Date Machine is BYU-I college duo's solution to perceived challenges meeting the opposite sex The Date Machine is a bright pink and white vending machine stocked with envelopes containing curated dating experiences. Associated Press Barry Manilow to have surgery for early-stage lung cancer and postpones January concerts Barry Manilow will be having surgery to remove a cancerous spot on his lung and will reschedule his January concerts, the singer announced Monday. Jake Coyle, AP Film Writer 'Avatar: Fire and Ash' launches with $88M domestically, $345M worldwide “Avatar: Fire and Ash” opened with $345 million in worldwide sales, according to studio estimates Sunday, notching the second-best global debut of the year and potentially putting James Cameron on course to set yet more blockbuster records. Jacqui Palumbo, CNN These Japanese wrestlers throw down in latex and glitter With a swift kick to her opponent’s face, wrestler Atomic Banshee began to dominate the final fight of the evening on a humid evening in Miami Beach. The match was part of the world championship of Sukeban, the all-female Japanese wrestling league, and the defending champion, wearing studded black attire, horns, and ghostly white makeup, was scrapping with Ichigo Sayaka in a bubblegum sailor dress. Associated Press The Oscars will move to YouTube in 2029, leaving longtime home of ABC ABC will continue broadcasting the event until 2028, which will mark the 100th Oscars. Health Emma Benson At 93, Draper man finds health and happiness in giving This Christmas, giving back may do more than spread holiday cheer. Experts say volunteering and acts of kindness can enhance your physical and mental well-being. 93-year-old Lowell Baum has seen those benefits firsthand. Tami Luhby, CNN Medicare opens door to covering blockbuster drugs for weight loss Medicare is banned by law from covering medications for weight loss, but the Trump and Biden administrations both argued GLP-1 drugs are crucial to addressing chronic diseases. Bridger Beal-Cvetko, KSL 6 new measles cases reported in Utah County Utah County health officials say an additional six measles cases were reported in the county in the past week. Lee Benson, Deseret News Former BYU football greats agree to participate in infrared light therapy study Former BYU athletes Tom Holmoe and Jim Herrmann have joined a light therapy study to help assess infrared light therapy's impact on brain health and injuries. Katia Hetter, CNN Does science agree it’s better to give than receive? A doctor explains Gift-giving is often framed as a source of stress and obligation, but a growing body of research suggests there may also be something beneficial about giving itself. Tamara Vaifanua Holiday music connects students and seniors in Salt Lake City Ensign Elementary students and seniors at Liberty Senior Center are enjoying the emotional power of music. Sponsored Les Olson IT Remote work, safe travel: How to protect your employees and data during the holiday season SALT LAKE CITY – As the holidays approach, the desire to be in the office decreases by the day. Seriously, who wants to drive into the office on yet another snowy, dark morning? Thus, many employees trade out their cubicles for more flexible options for remote work settings — home, hotels, airports and of course, the […] Feller & Wendt Jury awards $4.6 million to tech firm in Port Authority dispute This article about a major trial win is sponsored by Feller & Wendt SALT LAKE CITY — A Salt Lake County jury has awarded $4.6 million to a small Utah-based technology company after finding that the Utah Inland Port Authority failed to pay for work performed under a state contract. Attorneys from Feller & Wendt, […] The Children's Center Utah Ready! Resilient! Utah Early Childhood Mental Health Conference Taking place on Tuesday, November 18, 2025, in-person at the Mountain America Expo Center in Sandy and online, this full-day event is for all individuals working with or advocating for infants, toddlers, preschoolers, and their families. Les Olson IT Why smart businesses choose managed print services Don't let your printing costs spiral out of control. Read to learn more about what managed print service providers offer and the ROI you can expect. Lighting Design Host a holiday party they won’t forget As the holiday season approaches, so begins the planning for holiday parties. Read our tips to host a holiday party for the books! Feller & Wendt Feller & Wendt fights food insecurity this holiday season Feed families, warm hearts. This year Feller & Wendt is partnering with the Utah Food Bank to help ensure that kids in our community have both a warm meal and a warm coat as winter begins. Olympics Carter Williams, KSL How Salt Lake City will remain at the 'heart' of Utah 2034 Olympics despite name change Organizers of the Utah 2034 Winter Olympics said Tuesday that Utah's capital city remains a central focus of the Olympics, despite a decision to drop the city from the global event's name. Deanie Wimmer Fighter jets to fast sleds: Weber State advanced materials lab could give USA sleds the edge Weber State University’s MARS lab is working on developing new technology that could allow U.S. skeleton and bobsled athletes to go even faster ahead of the 2034 Winter Olympic Games. Joe Wirthlin USA Luge National Team virtual press conference Members of the USA Luge National Team will be available for a virtual press conference to discuss the upcoming World Cup and Olympic season. All athletes will attend the press conference from Lake Placid, N.Y., where they will be completing the final training days before the 2025-26 World Cup season. Alex Cabrero Utah 2034 Olympic brand designer explains meaning behind logo, responds to criticism When the Utah 2034 logo was unveiled, a crowd cheered. Online, another booed. Lisa Riley Roche, Deseret News Keeping Team USA healthy at Italy’s 2026 Winter Games The U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Committee has a saying to remind Team USA athletes to protect their health ahead of competing in the 2026 Winter Games: "Don't let a cold keep you from gold." Alex Cabrero Alex Cabrero vs. Casey Dawson: Racing an Olympian at Utah Olympic Oval KSL TV reporter Alex Cabrero and Olympic bronze medalist Casey Dawson went head-to-head in a speed skating race to see how the skills of an Olympian measure up to those of an average guy. Mobile App Advertise Contact Us Careers with Bonneville Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter AIM Digital Agency Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Video Policy | Do Not Sell My Data | Copyright Infringement | Licensing EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC PUBLIC FILE | FCC Applications | Closed Captioning Assistance © 2026 Bonneville International. All rights reserved.