Jump to main content
Jump to footer
Kansas State University
Sign in
Browse A-Z
Kansas State University
About
Admission
Academics
Student Life
Research
Engagement
Alumni
Athletics
Give
Meeting the
Moment

K-State is turning possibility into progress, using its TRIGA Mark II reactor to grow tomorrow’s nuclear workforce and drive discoveries that safeguard our energy future.

Read the story 
Welcome to Kansas State University

Leading the nation as the next-generation land-grant university, K-State is the first operational land-grant university in the United States. The home of the Wildcats is setting the standard for inspired learning, creativity, discovery and engagement – positively impacting society and transforming lives in Kansas and around the world.

#1
BEST COLLEGES
IN KANSAS
Niche, 2026
#1
COLLEGES
WITH THE BEST
PROFESSORS IN KANSAS
Niche, 2026
Explore your interests

Study what you love, connect it to a career and empower yourself to become the best version of you.

Search for programs
150+ Online Programs
Microcredentials




250 +

undergraduate programs

165 +

graduate programs

Request information

Sign up to receive information about degree programs, scholarship opportunities, upcoming events, admission and much more.

Request now
Apply for admission

Dream big and create the future you want. Start your K-State admission application today!

Apply now
View scholarships and financial aid

Explore available financial assistance opportunities, including scholarships, grants, loans, work-study and other aid options.

View now
Visit a K-State campus

K-State is made up of three campuses, each with its own focus, feel and size. With both in-person and virtual visit options, you’re sure to find your fit.

Schedule a visit
Impact in Kansas and Beyond

K-State experts create real-world impact every day. Faculty and researchers inspire learning and discovery while working to solve societal problems locally, nationally and across the world. Read some of today's top stories mentioning Kansas State University.

If you're in a bad place financially, this is just a bridge.

JENNIFER IFFT
Professor, Department of Agricultural Economics
Flinchbaugh Agricultural Policy Chair
US farmers say Trump's $12 billion aid package won't cover losses – Reuters
Read the full story

There’s been 93% of them that have completed their four-year obligation. More importantly, 15 years going, 83% of them are in rural practice in Kansas today. So they’re staying.

BRAD WHITE
Professor, College of Veterinary Medicine
Director, Beef Cattle Institute
A critical shortage of vets could threaten America’s food supply – InvestigateTV
Read the full story

Anxiety tends to swirl in our minds all day, especially when it’s about money. A surprisingly effective strategy is to schedule a daily or weekly ‘worry time’ — 15 to 20 minutes dedicated only to your financial concerns.

MEGAN MCCOY
Associate Professor, School of Consumer Sciences
This 15-minute weekly habit can help you get better with money, therapist says—here’s how – CNBC
Read the full story
Campus Locations

Our campuses are rich with history and each provide a unique college experience to our students. Kansas State University offers three physical campuses in addition to our online offerings via K-State Online.

Manhattan

Our flagship campus established in 1863, rooted in the land-grant mission of educational access and opportunity.

Salina

Centered around the student experience emphasizing innovative learning, real-world experiences and industry connections.

Olathe

Expanding potential through education, research and engagement in the Greater Kansas City area.

News around campus
See all news stories 

Boyd Hall renovation creates modern honors community for K-State

After a top-to-bottom renovation, K-State's Boyd Hall reopens this month with bigger lounges, private bathrooms and a new focus as the...

Meeting the moment

K-State is turning possibility into progress, using its TRIGA Mark II reactor to grow tomorrow’s nuclear workforce and drive discoveries that safeguard our...

Princeton Review recognizes K-State's student support resources, campus experience

K-State has been recognized as one of the best schools in the nation by The Princeton...

How K-State helped Brunealla Ishimwe discover her purpose in community planning

A high school presentation about K-State's College of Architecture, Planning & Design first...

University events
See all events 
15  JAN 2026
Hadestown

07:30 pm
McCain Auditorium

18  JAN 2026
The Choir of Man

06:00 pm
McCain Auditorium

Visit the 2025 Federal Government Transition website for updates and guidance.

How to Apply
Request Info
Visit

Kansas State University

Manhattan, KS 66506

785-532-6011

Safety/reporting

Careers

Faculty/staff

Information technology

Title IX/Nondiscrimination

Maps

Calendar

A to Z

Contact Us Emergency Statements and Disclosures Accessibility  KBOR Free Expression Statement
© Kansas State University Updated