KTAR News 92.3 FM: Arizona News, Weather, Traffic, Opinion Close Log In/Sign Up KTAR.com Home Top Stories Watch Live Listen Live Podcasts Contests ArizonaSports.com News Arizona News Arizona Sports Arizona Business Arizona Votes Arizona Immigration Arizona Education Arizona Health Arizona Traffic Arizona Weather Arizona Water Watch News East Valley Youth Violence Arizona Technology Arizona Wildfires National Community Spotlight Sponsored Articles Shows Arizona's Morning News The Mike Broomhead Show The Ramsey Show The Chris & Joe Show Outspoken with Bruce & Gaydos The Chad Benson Show Complete Lineup Blogs Silent Witness Rosie on the House Chew On This Data Doctors Kim Komando Tech Tips KTAR News on 92.3FM On-Air Schedule KTAR Apps YouTube Staff Social Media Newsletter Contests and Events Text Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Everyday Strong KTAR NEWS ARIZONA SPORTS | Log In/Sign Up Top Stories Watch Listen Live Podcasts Contests Menu THE LATEST Northern Arizona highway improvement projects to look forward to in 2026 Firefighters rescue puppy stuck in sink of Glendale home After fatal crash, Valley Metro light rail unable to travel between these 2 Phoenix stations Delegation of Phoenix officials, companies heading to CES in Las Vegas Bureau of Land Management seeks homes for Arizona wild horses and burros Dave Ramsey says: Helping your adult children be more responsible with finances TOP STORIES Phoenix light rail repaired in time for free New Year's Eve rides after deadly collision Arizona Water Watch News Valley college students rewarded for sustainable solutions to water, affordable housing scarcity Arizona News Former Arizona senator with 26 years in Congress steps back from public life due to dementia Arizona News SAFE Alert issued after teenage boy from Gilbert goes missing LIVE FROM THE KTAR NEWS STUDIO WEATHER | Phoenix 73° | 57° 54° and mostly cloudy TRAFFIC View Traffic Map Which Eve is better? Christmas New Year's Loading ... Watch 6 mins Why 2025's declining drownings comes with a warning 2 mins Valley college students rewarded for sustainable solutions to water, affordable... 8 mins The year of the influencer and Generation Z 7 mins Celebrities injecting themselves into politics. Is this a good or... 8 mins New program aims to speed up the death penalty process... 2 mins Valley college students rewarded for sustainable solutions to water, affordable... 6 mins How to avoid getting sick amid a spike in flu... 11 mins Is this the beginning of the end for Starbucks? 9 mins Breaking down the impact of Flagstaff raising its minimum wage 7 mins Is a peace deal nearing between Russia and Ukraine? 8 mins Why is the DOJ staggering the release of the Epstein... 8 mins How do we deal with rising holiday prices? 4 mins How should you navigate around holiday travel? 8 mins Stay or leave? The truth about breaking up during the... 55 seconds Colorado River Water Users Association conference pushes for 7-state solution 5 mins Are data centers growing too rapidly? Arizona News Serena O'Sullivan Going out on New Year's Eve? Storm system to ring in 2026 with light rains Going out on New Year’s Eve? Bring an umbrella! The National Weather Service says a storm system will ring in 2026 with light rains. Serena O'Sullivan Scottsdale rated as best place in Arizona for New Year's Eve celebrations Scottsdale has been named the top spot in the state for New Year’s Eve 2025 festivities. It was No. 24 in a list of 100 American cities. Kevin Stone US 93 reopens in both directions after crash disrupted traffic between Phoenix, Kingman A crash disrupted traffic on US 93, the primary driving route between Phoenix and Kingman, for several hours on Tuesday. Kevin Stone New mane in town: Phoenix Zoo welcomes Pilipili, a 3-year-old lion from Chicago Pilipili, a 3-year-old African lion, arrived at the Phoenix Zoo last week from Chicago’s Lincoln Park Zoo. Kevin Stone Here's how to keep from getting, spreading the flu as Arizona cases surge As 2025 winds down, the Arizona flu season is revving up. But it's not too late to get vaccinated, a state expert says. Kevin Stone 1 dead, 4 people hospitalized after collision involving light rail train in Phoenix One person was killed and multiple others were injured when a light rail train and a pickup truck collided in central Phoenix on Tuesday morning. ArizonaSports.com Bailey Leasure CBS Sports’ Wilson mocks Alabama QB Ty Simpson to Cardinals in 2026 NFL Draft CBS Sports' Ryan Wilson mocked the Cardinals to take Alabama quarterback Ty Simpson in the first round of the 2026 NFL Draft. Payne Moses Brent Brennan wants to stack good seasons with earned extra practice due to Holiday Bowl The Wildcats haven't posted consecutive winning seasons since 2012-15 and coach Brent Brennan emphasized the program can use bowl season to stack good play. Payne Moses Corbin Carroll records MLB’s fastest triple of 2025, Josh Naylor the slowest home run Diamondbacks outfielder Corbin Carroll not only led MLB in triples last season but registered the fastest triple time in baseball. And several times over, too. Payne Moses Jordan Goodwin loves coaching staff’s confidence in him. He’s a big Rasheer Fleming fan, too Jordan Goodwin is thriving in his second stint as a Phoenix Sun and his "free will" in the team's system extends to lending a hand to rookies. Associated Press Unlikely ACC champion Duke to end campaign against ASU in Sun Bowl on New Year’s Eve ACC champion Duke is set to face ASU on Wednesday, as both programs attempt to cap solid seasons with key players opting in and deciding not to play. Payne Moses Grayson Allen doubtful vs. Cavs; Ryan Dunn questionable, could miss 3rd straight game The missed games continue stacking up for Suns' Grayson Allen, who is expected to miss his seventh straight against the Cavaliers on Wednesday. Featured KTAR News Content Find things to do around metro Phoenix Phoenix concert calendar: Stay up to date on the Valley's biggest shows Follow KTAR News on YouTube Border and Immigration Payne Moses Pinal County Attorney's Office, ICE strategic partnership an 'active' way to keep community safe Pinal County Attorney's Office (PCAO) struck up a partnership with ICE because its community needs to make use of all resources to maintain safety. Jeff Vinton Arizona Democrats call for investigation after pepper spray incident involving Rep. Grijalva, ICE A week after Arizona U.S. Rep. Adelita Grijalva said she was pepper-sprayed during an ICE raid, a request has been made for an investigation. Jeff Vinton Arizona AG Mayes says Trump administration is 'abandoning' fight against drug trafficking Arizona Attorney General Kris Mayes criticized the Trump administration, saying it has abandoned the drug trafficking fight to focus on immigration. Arizona Education Shira Tanzer Arizona education in 2025: The biggest shifts shaping schools and students across the state Here is a roundup of the top Arizona education news stories of 2025. Budget shortfalls, school vouchers and closures impacted Arizona schools. Shira Tanzer 2026 Arizona education bills target school safety, superintendent salary transparency Two new education bills are on the table for the upcoming session of the Arizona Legislature, focusing on accountability and school safety. Shira Tanzer Arizona education nonprofit chosen as 2026 Microsoft TechSpark fellow Arizona nonprofit Fresh Start Foundation was selected as a Microsoft TechSpark fellow for 2026, a program that helps women re-ignite their careers. Podcasts Listen to the KTAR News 92.3 FM podcasts. The Mike Broomhead Show The Chris & Joe Show Outspoken with Bruce & Gaydos Arizona Votes Serena O'Sullivan Looking ahead at Gov. Katie Hobbs’ 2026 reelection bid, where does she stand on key issues? Throughout the year, Gov. Katie Hobbs, Arizona's Democratic governor, joined KTAR News 92.3 FM's Outspoken with Bruce & Gaydos. Kevin Stone Former Arizona Cardinals kicker Jay Feely changes district in his congressional bid Former Arizona Cardinals kicker Jay Feely, a Republican, called an audible in his first political campaign on Friday. Kevin Stone Arizona Gov. Katie Hobbs calls Republican primary 'a race to the bottom' Arizona Gov. Katie Hobbs called the Republican primary a “race to the bottom" and said her potential 2026 opponents are all the same. Arizona Business Kevin Stone Coffee shop with mission of kindness opens at Scottsdale shopping center La La Land Kind Café, a coffee shop with a kindness-guided mission, is now open at the Kierland Commons shopping center in Scottsdale. Kevin Stone Construction underway on 4-building industrial project in north Phoenix A new industrial development to support Arizona's booming semiconductor industry is under construction at the site of a razed call center in north Phoenix. Kylie Werner Construction starts on moving company headquarters in north Phoenix Two Valley moving companies, Muscular Moving Men & Storage and M3 Commercial Moving & Logistics, broke ground on their joint headquarters in north Phoenix earlier this month. Arizona Water News Heidi Hommel Colorado River Water Users Association conference pushes for 7-state solution There is still no solution to Colorado River allocation, but a recent conference pushed for a seven-state solution before the February deadline arrives. Heidi Hommel Rio Grande River at risk of water shortage due to overuse, NAU study finds A national water study found the Rio Grande River is potentially at risk of a water shortage with just two more dry winters. Kylie Werner Grand Canyon's Phantom Ranch reopens after waterline repairs, but South Rim lodges still closed Grand Canyon National Park announced that Phantom Ranch reopened on Thursday after water was restored to the lodging facility. More KTAR News Content The AZ Political Podcast with Jim Sharpe Find KTAR news on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok and X Arizona restaurant and food news Arizona Health Kevin Stone Here's how to keep from getting, spreading the flu as Arizona cases surge As 2025 winds down, the Arizona flu season is revving up. But it's not too late to get vaccinated, a state expert says. Jeff Vinton Arizona Gov. Katie Hobbs announces 141,000 Arizonans to have $213M in medical debt forgiven Nearly 500,000 Arizonans will have now had $642 million in medical debt forgiven, thanks to a state partnership with a national nonprofit. Serena O'Sullivan Arizona AG warns about fruit-flavored cocaine after drug dealer sentenced to 1.75 years in prison Arizona Attorney General Kris Mayes issued a public warning Thursday alerting the public about flavored cocaine, which can be laced with fentanyl. Arizona Technology Kevin Stone Goodyear PD sketch artist explains how, why he uses AI to generate suspect images The Goodyear Police Department made national headlines for distributing an AI sketch of an aggravated assault suspect. Adam Klepp/ABC15 Arizona Chandler city council unanimously rejects proposed new data center The Chandler City Council unanimously rejected to rezone 10 acres of land for a proposed new data center at its meeting Thursday night. Serena O'Sullivan Arizona announces $5 million in grant funding for advanced manufacturing training A federal $5 million grant will be used to support skills training in advanced manufacturing within Arizona, authorities announced. United States Associated Press Trump isn't the 1st president to want more room to entertain, longtime White House usher says WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is not the first president to want more room at the White House for entertaining, says the longest-serving top aide in the executive residence, offering some backup for the reason Trump has cited for his ballroom construction project. Gary Walters spent more than two decades as White House chief […] Associated Press A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around NEW YORK (AP) — By nearly any measure, 2025 has been a rough year for anyone concerned about freedom of the press. It’s likely to be the deadliest year on record for journalists and media workers. The number of assaults on reporters in the U.S. nearly equals the last three years combined. The president of […] Associated Press Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Zohran Mamdani will become mayor of New York City as the clock ticks over into 2026 — but the celebrations are set to last through New Year’s Day. The Democrat’s team is planning two separate swearing-in ceremonies Thursday — a small, private one with his family in an old subway station around midnight, followed by […] Associated Press Georgia judge tosses landmark racketeering charges against 'Cop City' protesters ATLANTA (AP) — A Georgia judge on Tuesday tossed racketeering charges against dozens of defendants accused of a yearslong conspiracy to halt the construction of a police and firefighter training facility that critics call “Cop City.” Fulton County Judge Kevin Farmer said in the order that Republican Attorney General Chris Carr didn’t have the authority […] Associated Press CIA behind strike at Venezuelan dock that Trump claims was used by drug smugglers, AP sources say WASHINGTON (AP) — The CIA was behind a drone strike last week at a docking area believed to have been used by Venezuelan drug cartels, according to two people familiar with details of the operation who requested anonymity to discuss the classified matter. The first known direct operation on Venezuelan soil since the U.S. began […] Associated Press Wall Street holds steady in light trading on the final day of 2025 NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street is holding steady at the beginning of the final day of trading for 2025, a banner year for markets that was driven by both optimism and uncertainty. The S&P 500 was flat early Wednesday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 47 points, or 0.1%. The Nasdaq composite was little […] Sponsored Articles Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax How mapping out a retirement plan can help save you more money For those that are getting ready for retirement, mapping out a plan is important to ensure you are financially ready for it. Arizona Central Credit Union How Arizona Central Credit Union can help a budget-friendly holiday Arizona Central Credit Union (AZCCU) is here to help you keep the season merry and your budget on track. Bright Wealth Management Why estate planning is the foundation of a comprehensive financial plan For Arizonans who are looking to have a comprehensive financial plan, it is essential that they have an estate plan in place. Arizona Municipal Water Users Association Colorado River crisis: Time is running out The future of the Colorado River — a vital water source for 80% of Central and Southern Arizona — is more uncertain than ever. Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax How to individualize your retirement plan and ensure you are financially ready Americans are postponing their retirement due to financial uncertainty, but there are ways to ensure you're financially ready as well as individualize your retirement plan. Sanderson Ford Sanderson Ford is giving back this holiday season by supporting Operation Santa Claus Sanderson Ford is kicking it the holidays by spreading cheer and supporting the Operation Santa Claus charity drive. Phoenix, Arizona USA Contact Us Contest Rules Follow on Facebook Follow on X Email Alerts Employment FCC Applications AIM Digital Agency © 2025 Bonneville International. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Video Policy | Do Not Sell My Data | 
                All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report: KTAR-FM | KMVP-FM | KTAR(AM) Copyright Infringement Licensing FCC Public File: KTAR-FM | 
                FCC Station Representative: Erin Garrett • egarrett@bonneville.comm •  
                602.200.2638