Site Hosting, Domain Registration & Cloud Hosting | Kualo +1-813-441-0407 Sales Chat Knowledgebase Client Area View Cart ₩ KRW EUR € GBP £ USD $ AUD A$ BGN лв BRL R$ CAD C$ CHF CHF CNY ¥ CZK Kč DKK kr HKD HK$ HRK kn HUF Ft IDR Rp ILS ₪ INR ₹ JPY ¥ MXN $ MYR RM NOK kr NZD $ PHP ₱ PLN zł RON lei RUB руб SEK kr SGD S$ THB ฿ TRY ₺ ZAR R Domains Register Domains Register new domains - choose from over 300 domain extensions! Transfer Domains Transfer your existing domains to Kualo and save! Domain Pricing See full pricing for registrations, renewals and transfers. Privacy Protection Learn about domain privacy protection. Domain Discount Club Websites Hosting Shared Hosting Affordable shared hosting suitable for the majority of small sites. Business Hosting Premium semi-dedicated hosting for larger sites and online stores. WordPress Hosting Optimised hosting for the world's #1 blogging and website software. Reseller Hosting Perfect for web designers and entrepreneurs! Make money from hosting! Other Popular Hosting Solutions WordPress Hosting Optimised hosting for the world's #1 blogging and website software. Joomla Hosting Love Joomla? So does our web hosting! Get started with Joomla in minutes. Drupal Hosting Drupal  optimized  hosting, launch or transfer your Drupal site today! Concrete5 Hosting The simple content management solution, built with end users and devs in mind. E-Commerce Hosting Solutions Magento Hosting Robust hosting for the world's number one e-commerce platform. OpenCart Hosting For feature-rich, easy to use, search engine friendly web shops. PrestaShop Hosting The most reliable, flexible and easy-to-use e-commerce solution. ZenCart Hosting Optimized  hosting for ZenCart powered stores. Email Zimbra Enterprise Email Professional email with document, task & calendar sharing. Email Marketing Easily send beautiful email newsletters. Servers & VPS Cloud VPS Highly Scalable, Fast & On-Demand Cloud VPS Servers. Dedicated Bare Metal Dedicated Servers for Extreme Performance. Complex Enterprise Managed Hosting for Serious Web Sites & Applications. cPanel Cloud VPS Basic Managed cPanel VPS Fully-Managed cPanel Cloud VPS 100% Fully-Managed cPanel VPS Linux Cloud VPS CentOS, RedHat, Ubuntu & many other Linux distros. cPanel Dedicated Servers Basic Managed cPanel Dedicated Servers Fully-Managed Dedicated Servers 100% Fully-Managed cPanel Dedicated Servers Linux Dedicated Servers CentOS, RedHat, Ubuntu & many other Linux distros. Content Delivery Network Accelerate your website, applications & media. DDoS Protection Secure your application from floods and attacks. Resellers Security SSL Certificates Secure your web site with an SSL certificate! CodeGuard Cloud web site backup and change monitoring. SiteLock Protect your site with SiteLock malware scanning. DDoS Protection Protect your web site from Denial of Service attacks. Company About Kualo Our history, team and company values. Our Guarantees Our uptime, support and money-back guarantees. Our Blog Jam packed with business advice & announcements. Contact Us How to reach us by email, phone and snail mail. Our Infrastructure Customer Reviews Careers Affiliates Terms & Policies Client Login Knowledgebase Home Domains Register Domains Transfer Domains Domain Pricing Domain Privacy Protection Domain Discount Club Web Site Builder Web Hosting Standard Hosting Business Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting Other Hosting Solutions Drupal Hosting Joomla Hosting Concrete5 Hosting Prestashop Hosting Magento Hosting Discover Our Security Web Site Transfer Service Control Panel Tour Free App Installer Web Hosting FAQ Email Professional Hosted Mailboxes Email Marketing Servers Cloud VPS Dedicated Servers Complex / Managed Hosting Resellers Security SSL Certificates CodeGuard Cloud Backup SiteLock Website Security Denial of Service Filtering Content Delivery Network Company Information About Kualo Contact Us Customer Reviews Our Guarantees Our Infrastructure Company Blog Careers Affiliates Terms & Policies Client Login Knowledgebase It All Starts with a Domain Search! Domains It All Starts with a Domain From ₩ 2249 /yr Discover Site Builder Build A Site in Minutes From ₩ 3379 /mo Discover Web Hosting Rock-solid Shared Hosting From ₩ 11299 /mo Discover Servers & VPS For Demanding Web Sites From ₩ 59970 /mo Discover Resellers Great for Web Designers From ₩ 18769 /mo Discover In the history of the internet, 20 years is practically an eternity. The web was strictly 1.0, Google was just a baby and the mobile web non-existent. There were approximately 361 million internet users - a figure that has swelled today to almost 3 billion. Our history means that we know more than a thing or two about hosting and domains. We provide fast, secure & rock-solid hosting, backed by a team who just get it. 99.9% Uptime Guarantee Fast 24/7 Support 100% Green Powered Robust Hosting Security Don't Take Our Word For It. Web Hosting Excellent
                  4.8/5 Based on 1043 reviews verified by May 21, 2022 I had to transfer my domain name and build a new website I had to transfer my domain name to my newly built website on Kualo. Due to my lack of knowledge I had problems but the Kualo team sorted everything out for me. Answering time to m... Pier-Paolo D'Amico Read Review May 16, 2022 Fatastic support I am no techy, but with the help from the guys at Kualo, I have managed to do far more than I ever expected with our website. The support team are very prompt and very helpful. At ... Jim Mcrury Read Review May 15, 2022 consistently good I've been with kualo for a few years now with no regrets. I've only need we support a few times and it's been excellent.... Neil Read Review May 13, 2022 Great service Great service... Darren Mitchell Read Review May 11, 2022 Delighted with Kualo so far Delighted with Kualo so far

I switched over to Kualo after a disappointing experience with a big provider on and I am really happy with the service. I've found customer support to... Graham T Read Review May 10, 2022 An excellent service all round An excellent service all round. Queries raised are answered promptly... GD Read Review May 4, 2022 Excellent, very good value services with responsive support Very fast and accurate response to questions, both via chat and service tickets
Very reliable service
Support and management tools (using Cplan) excellent.
The free hosting service... PM (Cirencester) Read Review May 3, 2022 Thank you so much for providing me with… Thank you so much for providing me with a excellent hosting service you have been the best hosting provider to serve me yet. I hope to continue receiving your support as I will con... Alex Mihai Read Review May 2, 2022 Nothing to report … Nothing to report as I have never had any issues with registering my domain and paying invoices.
All very easy... Mike Bearcroft Read Review Apr 28, 2022 Kualo has provided excellent support… Kualo has provided excellent support for us. They offer a professional array of products and their support is excellent. They are quick to respond to service requests and fix any i... Walter Frenz Read Review Apr 26, 2022 Kualo are just fantastic in every way Kualo are just fantastic in every way: knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and an all-round great service. Thank you Kualo!... Kirrie Walsh Read Review Apr 25, 2022 Superb! Very easy to use, fast and efficient back up provided by Kualo, would recommend instantly... Curzon Ashton FC Read Review Apr 25, 2022 Really impressed with Kualo Really impressed with Kualo, so helpful and very quick to respond. Highly recommend!... NickyK Read Review Apr 23, 2022 Geweldig bedrijf Geweldige hosting bedrijf die op 100% groene energie draait! En geïnteresseerde en aardige support!... Jansen Read Review Apr 20, 2022 Great company to work with. Great company to work with.... Gary Bretherton Read Review Apr 18, 2022 Excellent Support and easy to deal with Excellent Support and easy to deal with... Derek B Read Review Apr 14, 2022 Kualo client support is truly fantastic… Kualo client support is truly fantastic and that's the main reason I picked Kualo for hosting my websites. Well, it all started from its being a 'green' platform, actually. I belie... Olivia A. Read Review Apr 9, 2022 Great product and excellent customer… Great product and excellent customer service throughout choosing what package best suited my website needs, supporting me quickly when I got stuck. Kualo have a friendly, professio... Mrs B Read Review Apr 4, 2022 Kualo are very helpful and offer a good supportive service Kualo offers free web hosting for charities which is an excellent service and has saved our charity lots of money. Happy with how this was managed, I have since moved over all of m... Michaela Read Review Apr 1, 2022 Everything works perfect! Everything works perfect and this is what I need! Thanks!... Robert Dudko Read Review Apr 1, 2022 Fantastic company with great support Fantastic company with great support. They will always go the extra mile to help.... Andy Mills Read Review Mar 30, 2022 Recommend Kualo the transition was easy and smooth, we'd recommend Kualo to anyone.... Tracey In Nottinghamshire Read Review Mar 29, 2022 Kualo is a web hosting platform dream… Kualo is a web hosting platform dream come true for our small non-profit operation. Kualo supports us tremendously and in doing so has indirectly helped so many people. You won't f... Stuart Ott Read Review Mar 29, 2022 Brilliant Service Absolutely brilliant service.  Prompt, correct guidance on issues.  Knowledgeable staff.  Easy to contact and communicate with.  The best service provider I have ever dealt with.... Anthony Burke Read Review Mar 28, 2022 Kualo is the best web host! Kualo is the best web host!
Every time I have run into an issue with our website (which is not that often) Kualo is quick with their responses.  They are incredibly helpful!  I wou... Venisa Read Review Read More Reviews Choose Service Location The service you have chosen has a choice of hosting location. Please select whether you'd like to host this in our UK or US facility. There is no difference in price. Europe (UK) United States Not sure which is best for you? Click here. Local Currency Pricing To make comparing our plans easier for our international customers, our site displays pricing in your local currency. Please note that these prices are for informational purposes only and are calculated based on the current rate of exchange. Your services will be added to your cart in  US Dollars , and this will be the currency used for any future renewals. Cancel Add to Cart Expert Sales & Support 24/7/365 Live Sales Chat +1-813-441-0407 Contact Us Hosting Links Free Web Site Builder Softaculous Web App Installer cPanel Control Panel Secure Hosting Technology Specialised Hosting E-Commerce Hosting CMS Hosting CRM & ERP Hosting Forum Hosting Blog Hosting Help & Support Knowledgebase MyKualo & Helpdesk Website Transfer Service Company About Kualo Contact Information Affiliates Legal Terms of Service Trademark Information Privacy Policy Latest Blog Posts How a Children’s Book Became a Domain Horror Story Friday, October 10th, 2025 Reseller Hosting: What’s Really Under the Hood? Wednesday, October 1st, 2025 The First Byte Is the Deepest: Why TTFB Still Matters in 2025 Thursday, July 10th, 2025 How Thoughtful Personalisation Drives Sales: The Limoncello Principle Thursday, June 19th, 2025 Greener or Meaner? What AI Means for the Future of Hosting Friday, June 6th, 2025 Currency Euro (EUR) British Pound (GBP) US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Brazilian Real (BRL) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Czech Koruna (CZK) Danish Krone (DKK) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli New Shekel (ILS) Indian Rupee (INR) Japanese Yen (JPY) South-Korean Won (KRW) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Norwegian Kroner (NOK) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Philippine Peso (PHP) Polish Zloty (PLN) Romanian New Lei (RON) Russian Rouble (RUB) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Thai Baht (THB) Turkish Lira (TRY) South African Rand (ZAR) © 2000-2026 Kualo Ltd. All Rights Reserved. VAT Reg No: GB 879 4400 88. Registered in England & Wales No. 4004280. All prices exclusive of VAT where applicable. If VAT is due, it will be charged at the standard rate of your EU member state.