Home
AI Features
Starter sites
Pricing
Resources
Kubio Blocks
Blog
How to create a WordPress site
Support
Documentation
Contact us
Login
Try Online
Build awesome WordPress sites faster with the help of AI

Using the power of AI, Kubio gives you a head start by generating a first draft of your website, which you can further customize to your liking.

Buy Now
Try Online
Created by Extend Themes, a WordPress products company with:
250K+

POWERED WEBSITES

6M+

DOWNLOADS

4.8

AVERAGE RATING ON WORDPRESS.ORG

KUBIO AI
Powerful design & ideation with Kubio AI

Experience the potential of Kubio AI, where your creative visions are seamlessly translated into captivating web pages. With its intelligent block-based builder, cutting-edge AI technology empowers you to effortlessly shape layouts, customize styles, and infuse life into every pixel.

Generate entire pages based on short prompts
Generate images and text
Re-generate any section in your style
Discover Kubio AI
Create your entire website in a single interface

Build a website on top of the latest WordPress full site editing features.
This includes:

Headers
Page content
Footers
Blog pages
Search pages
404 pages
450+ Ready-made sections

You don’t need to design anything from scratch. Use predefined sections, and enrich them with fully customizable blocks. Choose from a wide selection of sections that cover different functionalities: hero, about, testimonials, clients, and many more. Next, fine-tune them the way you see fit.

Hero accent, About, Features, Content
CTA, Blog, Counters, Portfolio, Gallery
Testimonials, Clients, Team
Contact, FAQ, pricing
50+ Fully customizable blocks

Kubio’s collection of blocks is here to help you build the website you envision. Building with blocks gives you more control over your design, and allows you to effortlessly create a WordPress website. You can easily drag and drop blocks such as headers, tabs, accordions, sliders, carousels, and many more.

See the Blocks
Let’s start building your website with Kubio AI today!
Try Online
Buy Now
Features that help you create awesome designs

You have the vision. Kubio has the tools you need to achieve it.

Enjoy complete design freedom using features such as awesome hero sections and navigation layouts. You can easily customize them in order to fit your brand’s voice and tell inspiring stories.

You can use shape dividers, overlays, section overlaps, and parallax to create websites that are easy to remember.

Color & Background controls
Typography controls
Space & Alignment
Border & Shadow
Color & Background controls
Typography controls
Space & Alignment
Border & Shadow
Color & Background controls
Typography controls
Space & Alignment
Border & Shadow
Pixel perfect web design

Create pixel perfect web pages without a single line of code. When you combine the power of drag and drop with fully customizable Kubio blocks, you’re on the road to success.

Kubio enhances the WordPress Block Editor so that you can customize everything in a couple of clicks.

Responsive out of the box

With Kubio, mobile-responsive sites are a breeze. Customize colors, backgrounds, text, spacing, and other settings across desktop, tablet and mobile devices. Instant preview available. Building websites that look remarkable on any screen can’t get easier than this.

Starter sites
to help you get up and running in no time

Whether you’re starting over as a freelancer, launching a startup, promoting your business, showcasing your portfolio, writing a blog—we’ve got your back with designer-made starter sites.

See all Starter Sites
Count on Kubio to:
Accelerate your next website

With Kubio your next web project is just around the corner. Begin with a blank canvas, or choose a designer-made starter sites.

Design with no code

When you create pages with Kubio you don’t need to touch a single line of code. Just drag and drop your desired blocks or add ready-made sections, then add your own content.

Enjoy flexible content management

Kubio gives you access to a simple and intuitive editor that allows you to move content and sections with ease, or add new ones.

Access endless styling options

The Kubio editor allows you to fine-tune every section of your site until you reach pixel-perfection, on every device.

Let’s start building your website with Kubio AI today!
Buy Now
Try Online
Need WordPress hosting?

We partnered with successful hosting companies so that you can choose the most reliable hosting partner for your Kubio website.

See Recommendations

Experience the potential of Kubio AI, where your creative visions are seamlessly translated into captivating web pages.

© 2025 KubioBuilder. Created with WordPress and Kubio

Subscribe for exclusive articles, updates, and offers
 

 Tick if you are more than 18 years old and you want to receive exclusive giveaways, news about WordPress and our products, by e-mail. You may unsubscribe at any time. Check our Privacy Policy and Terms of use for more information.

Blog
Careers
Changelog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
License
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Accept All