Global Freight Forwarding and Supply Chain Management  | Kuehne+Nagel Sea Air Road Fulfilment, warehousing and distribution Customs clearance Insurance E-commerce Project Logistics Sustainable logistics 4PL Integrated Logistics Order Management Manage shipments with myKN Connectivity Consulting Road Visibility Solution Road Carrier Solution Aerospace Automotive and New Mobility Consumer Healthcare High-Tech and Semicon Industrial Perishables About us Stories Corporate Governance Ethics and Compliance Sustainability Career at Kuehne+Nagel Locations Financial performance Consensus data and share price Newsroom Media releases Publications and downloads Media calendar Media contacts Market insights Success stories How to 360Customs knowledge hub Webinars Find the right HS codes Understand Incoterms SOLAS and VGM regulations Sea freight glossary Air freight glossary Customs glossary Understand container sizes Understand trailer types Services Transportation and fulfilment Sea Air Road Fulfilment, warehousing and distribution Value-added services Customs clearance Insurance E-commerce Project Logistics Sustainable logistics Supply Chain Management 4PL Integrated Logistics Order Management Digital Manage shipments with myKN Connectivity Consulting Road Visibility Solution Road Carrier Solution Industries Aerospace Automotive and New Mobility Consumer Healthcare High-Tech and Semicon Industrial Perishables Company About About us Stories Corporate Governance Ethics and Compliance Sustainability Career at Kuehne+Nagel Locations Investor relations Financial performance Consensus data and share price Media Newsroom Media releases Publications and downloads Media calendar Media contacts Semicon chip - small but powerful Stories that imagine more for supply chains Knowledge Insights Market insights Success stories How to 360Customs knowledge hub Webinars Guides and instructions Find the right HS codes Understand Incoterms SOLAS and VGM regulations Glossaries Sea freight glossary Air freight glossary Customs glossary Understand container sizes Understand trailer types You are here: Germany Global Global Africa and Middle East Kenya Morocco South Africa United Arab Emirates Asia Pacific Australia China India Indonesia Japan Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand Vietnam Europe Austria Belgium (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (Francais) Belgien (Deutsch) Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg (English) Luxemburg (Deutsch) Luxembourg (Francais) North Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom Americas Brazil Canada (English) Canada (Français) Colombia Mexico United States myKN How can we help you today? Get a quote Choose your mode of transport. All modes Air Sea Road Request a quote via e-mail Talk to an expert Get your tailored solution via e-mail. Get in touch Shipment tracking Tracking ID* Track Find a location Find a job Contact Global Freight Forwarding and Supply Chain Management Harbour sunset myKN Complete control of your shipments—get competitive freight quotes, make instant bookings and track your shipments from any device. Discover myKN BBC Living Legacy Discover how sustainable logistics help people and the planet thrive in our short film feature by BBC StoryWorks. Watch the video Where Next Watch our award-winning documentary series about resilience, the role of supply chains, and what it takes to build a collective future. Watch the documentary myKN Quote, book and get full control of your shipments. Get Instant Quote All modes Sea Air Road Track shipment Search shipment myKN Quote, book and get full control of your shipments. Get Instant Quote All modes Sea Air Road Track shipment Search shipment Logistics experts deliver more efficiency and visibility at every touchpoint. Services Discover transportation and fulfilment services that optimise even the most complex supply chains. From customs clearance and cargo insurance to advanced digital technologies, choose solutions that complement your unique enterprise. Transportation Fulfilment Value-added services Supply chain management Digital services Let us help you build a customised supply chain playbook. ​​ Industries Work with experts who bring extensive market knowledge and the latest logistics insights to your business. Aerospace Automotive and New Mobility Consumer Healthcare High-Tech and Semicon Industrial Perishables Company With close to 85,000 employees at almost 1,300 sites in close to 100 countries, the Kuehne+Nagel Group is one of the world's leading logistics providers. Using our global network, expertise and data-based insights, we provide complete supply chain solutions across all transport modes for customers of every size.​ We are the logistics partner of choice for 400,000 worldwide customers in a diverse range of industries. 0 Locations Worldwide, so that we are near to you 0 Countries Connected by our network 0 Professionals In logistics and supply chain who give their best everyday One global network. Find a location near you. Find a location Investor relations The latest financial updates and archive Newsroom Media releases, calendar, publications, downloads and archive Career and jobs Imagine more than a career in logistics Where Next What makes the world more resilient? Where Next is a documentary series that asks questions about the most widely discussed topics. ​ What areas of sustainability fly under the radar? Does the predominant technology of our time impact everything? How does innovation and the potential of transformative thinking define resilience? Loading Video The resilience driving the semicon industry Watch all three episodes of our documentary series "WhereNext" Services Transportation and value-added services Industries Industry-specific solutions Company About Kuehne+Nagel Investor relations Sustainability Locations Career Newsroom Resources Market insights Success stories How to Webinars Can't find what you're looking for? Privacy Policy Confidential Reporting Line © 2025 Kuehne+Nagel