KUIU | Performance Hunting Gear & Clothing Close Icon g Sign In Create Account First Name Last Name Email Password Confirm Password How did you hear about us? Choose One Website An advertisement Friend or Relative Other Caret Icon Sign up for KUIU email and stay informed about new products, stories & videos and more. View Privacy Policy *Fill out all required fields to create an account Create Account Incorrect email or password. Email Password Forgot your password? Login We've sent you an email with a link to update your password. Forgot your password? Email Submit Return to Store - Close Popup Success! Welcome to the Inner Circle Close Your Cart ${ ariaLive } You May Also Like $0 $${this.freeShipThreshold} View Cart Checkout Have a promo code? Enter it on next page. Close Icon g TOP-RATED Chevron Left Icon 2 / Chevron Right Icon Innovative Hunting Gear KUIU is founded on the principles of a technical layering system, reducing weight without sacrificing performance, and the continuous search for better technology. BEST SELLERS NEW ARRIVALS PANTS & SHORTS JACKETS & VESTS SHIRTS & TOPS HUNTING PACKS ACCESSORIES EQUIPMENT EVERYDAY APPAREL Chevron Left Icon 1 / 9 Chevron Right Icon Shop All Hunting Gear Join the KUIU Inner Circle Don’t miss out! Earn reward points, enjoy exclusive offers, & get early access to new products & sales. Join today & be the first to know & get extra perks. JOIN The KUIU Layering System Regardless of the conditions, terrain, or your level of activity, take it on with confidence. Learn More - View the KUIU Layering System article 1. Next-To-Skin Layer Worn next to skin, under all layers. SHOP BASE LAYERS 2. Insulation Layer Worn on top of base layers, and under rain gear. Shop Insulation Layers 3. Protection Layer Worn over base layers and insulation Shop Protection Layers Swipe Explore Cta SWIPE TO EXPLORE Chevron Left Icon Chevron Right Icon Learn What it Takes Play Icon The KUIU Waterfowl System Learn about the design and testing initiatives that lead to the all-new waterfowl hunting line-up. Alaskan Dall Sheep Hunting Success and Gear List Read on to get Dall Sheep hunting insight from KUIU’s Guide and Outfitter Director, Justin Shaffer. The Gear That Gets You There This overview highlights our new Waypoint Rollers, Waypoint Duffels, TwoTrack Duffel, Kodiak Submersible Bags, Taku Bags, and our hard cases. Learn More - View the Learn What it Takes page Who is KUIU KUIU is a hunting company that’s dedicated to engineering the world's most innovative performance hunting gear and clothing. As a leading hunting brand, we create quality-made hunting apparel and gear that is purpose-built for serious hunters, ensuring optimal performance while in the field. We are committed to pushing boundaries and deploying new technology to help us design the best hunting items on the market today. Our Story × Close subscription modal Stay on Target Sign-up now to get news, updates, special offers and insights delivered to your inbox Email First Name Last Name Zip Code Phone (888 555 1234) By submitting this form and signing up for texts, you consent to receive marketing text messages (e.g. promos, cart reminders) from KUIU at the number provided, including messages sent by autodialer. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Msg & data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Unsubscribe at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available). Privacy Policy Opens a new window & Terms Opens a new window . Subscribe YOU'RE SUBSCRIBED Now let's find some gear. Shop Now Close subscription modal and continue shopping the KUIU site Customer Name: Customer email: Logout Be the first to know Join now for news, updates, special offers & insights. Email Address Arrow Right Light Icon Need Help? Help Center & FAQs Contact Us Shipping International Shipping Returns & Exchanges Returns & Exchanges Warranty Find Your Fit My KUIU My Account Get Text Alerts Inner Circle Rewards Program Refer a Friend Request a Catalog Digital Catalog Gift Cards & Balances Corporate & Group Sales Our Story Our Story Conservation Direct Guide & Outfitters Military & First Responders Veteran Non-Profit Partners Customer Reviews Stores Dallas Dixon Houston San Antonio All Locations Instagram Icon Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Youtube Icon TikTok Icon Country Selector Instagram Icon Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Youtube Icon TikTok Icon Country Selector 2025 KUIU, All Rights Reserved · Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information California Supply Chain Act Cookies Settings Close modal × Close modal Get Your Gifts by December 24 Standard Shipping Order by Dec. 18th at 10 AM PT Express Shipping Order by Dec, 19th at 10 AM PT Rush Shipping Order by Dec, 22nd at 10 AM PT We’ll do our best to ship your gifts quickly, but please note that delivery dates are not guaranteed and may be impacted by shipper delays. Shipping guidelines are for U.S. orders.