Kumu Home Tour Pricing Gallery Manifesto Sign in Join for free we're hiring! Tour Pricing Gallery Manifesto Sign in Join for free Make sense of your messy world. Kumu makes it easy to organize complex data into relationship maps that are
      beautiful to look at and a pleasure to use. “When we were considering various platforms to use,
       we were won over by the spirit of Kumu's manifesto and their focus on
       helping social sector leaders make sense of the networks in which they
       are working for change. Kumu’s thoughtful regard for the nuances of mapping,
       along with their whatever it takes customer service ethic
       have brought us squarely into their corner!” Daniel Stid, Director of the Madison Initiative, William and Flora Hewlett Foundation One platform. Endless possibilities. Whether you are mapping people, systems, or concepts in general,
          if you are focused on relationships we've got you covered. Stakeholder mapping Explore the complex web of loyalties, interests,
              influence, and alignment of key players around important issues. Systems mapping Understand and engage complex systems more effectively using
              systems maps and causal loop diagrams. Social network mapping Capture the structure of personal networks and reveal key players.
              Visualize the informal networks within your organization and
              see how work really gets done. Community asset mapping Keep track of the evolving relationships among community members
              and resources. Concept mapping Brainstorm complex ideas and relate individual concepts to the bigger picture.
              Unfold convoluted series of events using Lombardi diagrams. Explore the gallery The art of mapping is to create a context in which others can think. Simple to get started, packed with powerful features. With Kumu you'll be up and running in seconds,
          no technical background required or software to install. And once your maps are finished, our built-in presentation
          builder and publishing platform make it easy to share your work
          with the world. Take a tour We help the world’s top organizations overcome complexity. Looking for something simpler? Check out Sticky Studio, our collaborative whiteboard for untangling complexity together. Explore Sticky Studio Discover the power of mapping. Join for free, no credit card required Join Kumu for free Product Tour Pricing Try Kumu for free Community Gallery Manifesto Community Search Support Help Chat / Slack docs.kumu.io blog.kumu.io support@kumu.io Kumu Inc About Press Careers Contact Privacy Terms Security © 2011 - 2025 Kumu Inc