Skip to content

Get 30% off most products with code DAY2DAY

Kuna
Products
App
Kuna AI
Store
Support
Log in
Cart
0 items
0
Shop now

Loading...

The new
Kuna Craftsman
Porch Light

The new Craftsman style porch light porch light adds quality and security to front entry areas, garages, and back porch doors.

Learn more
Highlight an
image banner

Give customers details about the banner image(s) or content on the template.

Shop all
Image banner

Give customers details about the banner image(s) or content on the template.

Shop all
Smarter homes.
Safer neighborhoods.

Protect you family with home security services powered by Kuna

Watch video Buy now
What is Kuna?

Kuna is an app-based home security platform that powers a range of intelligent, camera-based devices that surround your home with automated protection.
 

1. Devices talk to Kuna.

Connect a variety of devices with your app and cover every angle. Kuna Powered Devices use constant power from your home to provide constant protection.

2. Kuna alerts you.

When activity is detected, you'll receive notifications from your Kuna app right on your phone or tablet. With Smart Detection, Kuna only notifies you of what's important.

3. You take action.

Respond to activity with two-way talk, sound alarms, turn on lights, or schedule fully automated responses after hours or when away. Pre-recorded messages let late night visitors know their actions are being recorded.

Kuna Craftsman Porch Light

The new Craftsman style porch light adds quality and security to front entry areas, garages, and back porch doors. When installed with the Kuna Wall Plate, it adds a 1080p camera and Kuna security to all entry areas around your home.

Learn more
Kuna Camera Floodlight

1080p video, 270-degree detection, a 70-foot range and a 2400-lumen floodlight security camera.

Learn more
Kuna DualCam DoorBell

The first video doorbell with dual cameras. See it all — never miss a visitor and keep an eye on packages at your door.

Learn more
Camera Wall Plate

The Kuna Camera Wall Plate brings all the power of Kuna security to any existing outdoor light fixture. Designed to easily mount between the wall and the existing light fixture, add a 1080p camera and Kuna security to all entry ways to your home.

Learn moreWatch video
Get 30% off most products with code
DAY2DAY
Use discount in store
Setup time shouldn't
take up all my time.

Kuna is ready in minutes, not hours. Download the app, follow the safety instructions, mount your device and get back to what’s important.

Kuna-SE App
Help Center
Latest Product Manuals
Kuna Premium
Technology should
adapt to your needs.

Find out what “powered by Kuna” can really mean.

Discover Premium
We're constantly evolving

Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest updates and incredible offers.

Email for news and discounts
Products
Kuna Camera Floodlight
Kuna Craftsman Porch Light
Kuna Camera Wallplate
Porch Light + Camera Wall Plate
DualCam Doorbell
Kuna-SE App
Kuna Premium Subscription
Upgraded & Hand-tested
Company
About
Blog
Get in touch
Visit store
Support
Help
FAQ
Latest product manuals
Bottom Links
Manage Orders
My Kuna-SE Premium
Kuna Premium
Send Feedback
Sidebar Menu
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Warranty Information

© 2025 Kuna, San Mateo, CA • All rights reserved.