KUOW - KUOW News and Information: Seattle's NPR station Skip to main content Arts & Life Who — and what — Seattle and Washington lost in 2025 Sponsored Environment Washington state on track for warmest December on record — again Food Thousands of pounds of ground beef recalled in WA, 5 other states Sponsored The Latest Politics In one year, Trump pivots fentanyl response from public health to drug war News & Stories Another section of Highway 2 between Skykomish, Stevens Pass to reopen this weekend Politics Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota Health Flu cases are surging and rates will likely get worse, new CDC data shows Business Judge orders Trump administration to continue to seek funding for the CFPB Sponsored News & Stories Another section of Highway 2 between Skykomish, Stevens Pass to reopen this weekend Immigration Seattle-area Somalis seek officials’ help with daycare doxxing, immigration crackdown Politics These new laws and taxes take effect in Washington state on Jan. 1 Movies Did you see that? Movies you shouldn't miss before exiting 2025 Books Before passing in Lake Forest Park, Octavia Butler was the 'most eloquent and elegant' voice of a movement Business Electric vehicles had a bumpy road in 2025 — and one pleasant surprise News & Stories Partial Highway 2 reopening will allow access to Stevens Pass Environment Christmas is over. Here's what to do with your holiday trash Local Election Stories Politics Sworn in early, Exec Zahilay is ready to shake up King County Politics 'No one saw us coming'. Wilson accepts mayoral win in Seattle Politics Bruce Harrell concedes Seattle mayoral race to Katie Wilson Politics Katie Wilson poised to be Seattle's first Millennial mayor News & Stories Western Washington flood resources: Where to find shelter and supplies This is a developing list of available flood resources as historic flooding continues to impact Western Washington. Teo Popescu Local Listens Producer Picks: Transit & Translators Producer Picks:  Bruce Lee, the international icon who holds a special place in Seattle's heart Producer Picks: Tactile Basketball, Costco, Cougar Gold, and the Grand Illusion Cinema How stores are spying on you (encore) Meet the Seattle Olympians curling for Team USA The 2026 Winter Olympics in Italy are getting closer… Including the fan-favorite sport of curling.  Two members of Team USA Curling have Seattle roots, and they’re ready to compete for the gold.  Ben Richardson and Luc Violette are here to talk about their time on the ice in Seattle, and now for Team USA. December 31, 2025 Subscribe Spotify Apple Podcasts NPR One Overcast Amazon Music PocketCast RSS Share Booming An economy podcast from a city that (almost) never stops growing. Seattle Eats with Tan Vinh Seattle is a buffet of great food... if you know where to look. Sound Politics A podcast about the candidates, policies, and perspectives shaping the Pacific Northwest. Soundside Get to know the PNW and each other. Sponsored Good News The Rain Shadow Looking for some good news? Subscribe to The Rain Shadow newsletter, a curated list of sunnier stories from KUOW. Sign up now More from KUOW News & Stories Meet the Seattle Olympians curling for Team USA News & Stories Ending your reading rut in the new year News & Stories Another section of Highway 2 between Skykomish, Stevens Pass to reopen this weekend News & Stories Tuesday Evening Headlines News & Stories Producer Picks: Transit & Translators Immigration Seattle-area Somalis seek officials’ help with daycare doxxing, immigration crackdown Politics These new laws and taxes take effect in Washington state on Jan. 1 News & Stories Should financial education be required for WA students? Sponsored KUOW is Seattle’s NPR news station. We are an independent, nonprofit news organization that produces award-winning journalism, innovative podcasts, engaging community events, and more. About About KUOW Staff Board Careers Impact Report Press Contact Us / Feedback Send a Secure News Tip Connect Events Newsletters Schedule (PDF) Staff Board Support KUOW Contact Us / Feedback Send a Secure News Tip Connect Events Newsletters Schedule (PDF) Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File KUOW on BlueSky KUOW on Facebook KUOW on Instagram KUOW on LinkedIn KUOW on TikTok KUOW on Youtube © 2025 KUOW News and Information - v3.26.1 KUOW is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit organization registered in the US under EIN 91–2079402