We Make Fun Games for Everyone | Our Hit Games Mobile Games PC & Console Games Work at Kwalee About Us Blog Publish Your Game Our Hit Games Our Mobile Team Mobile Publishing Submit Your Game Fan Favourites 120 Million+ Downloads Draw It Play one of the most popular online drawing games with rapid-fire rounds! Go Fish! Play the ultimate arcade fishing game! Our Games PC & Console Publishing Submit Game New Releases New Release Town to City Break free of the grid in Town to City: a cozy city builder that invites you to create a beautiful and bustling community.

Freely place houses, shops, and amenities and natural elements to delight your residents and encourage new families to move in. As your population grows, so can your ambitions: create multiple towns that can grow alone or thrive together, helping the whole region develop and prosper.

In story or sandbox mode, you're free to build at your own pace, placing each flower bed with pixel precision, or prioritise growing your economy and developing your town into a thriving city. New Release The Precinct Clean up the city, uncover the truth, and embark on thrilling vehicle chases through destructible environments in this neon-noir action sandbox police game. Step into the shoes of a detective in The Precinct, a captivating PC and console game. You are Officer Nick Cordell Jr. As a rookie beat cop fresh out of the Academy, you’re on the front line of defence for Averno’s citizens. Dive into a world of thrilling car chases, sandbox crimes, and a healthy dose of 1980s noir as you protect the populace and solve the mystery of your father’s murder in the line of duty. Current Openings Application Process Life at Kwalee Featured Openings Legal Counsel (3 Month Fixed Term Contract) Legal Contract Leamington Spa, England Apply Now Contract Manager (3 Month Fixed Term Contract) Legal Full-time Leamington Spa, England Apply Now About Kwalee Contact us Investor Information English español de España español de México dansk (Danmark) Deutsch (Deutschland) français (France) italiano (Italia) 日本語 (日本) 한국어(대한민국) norsk bokmål (Norge) Nederlands (Nederland) português (Brasil) polski (Polska) português europeu русский (Россия) svenska (Sverige) ไทย (ไทย) Türkçe (Türkiye) українська (Україна) 中文（中国） 中文（台灣） Your browser does not support the video tag. Kwalee's Mission: Making The Most Fun Games For The World’s Players 0 Billion+ Mobile Game Downloads 7 0 + Games Published 3 0 Million Active Monthly Players Your browser does not support the video tag. We are Kwalee Kwalee has been making the most fun games for the world’s players for over a decade. Our people are smart, caring and ambitious and creative energy flows through our studios in the UK and India and our talented remote teams around the world. Join us and exceed your potential - whether you want an expert publisher for your game or a life changing career with us. Let’s Play! About Kwalee Your browser does not support the video tag. Turn Your Mobile Game Into The Next Global Hit With over 1 billion downloads, Kwalee offers award-winning publishing support - including funding, user acquisition and monetisation. Benefit from our world-class marketing, QA, production and localisation capabilities, all delivered by our friendly team. You focus on making high quality games and enjoy the process while we make your game - and your studio - as profitable as possible. Submit Game Your browser does not support the video tag. Launch Your PC & Console Game Now. As a video game publisher, we launch and scale captivating games for PC and Consoles. Kwalee only releases awesome games. Our experienced team delivers tailored product marketing, community, analytics and release management plans. Developers love to work with our committed team who know and love their game, and who have excellent relationships with all leading platforms including Steam, Epic, Playstation and Nintendo. Submit Game Your Journey in Gaming Starts Here Empowering Creators 100+ Game Studio Partners Growing Careers 200+ Team members & Growing Inspiring Gamers 30 Million Monthly Player Careers at Kwalee Work at the Best Large Studio (TIGA 2021) and the Best Publisher (Mobile Game Awards 2022) in the world and enjoy being part of our ambitious and supportive team. If you love to play games and make games, then Kwalee is the right company for you. Join Kwalee Our Mobile Games 120 Million+ Downloads Draw It Play one of the most popular online drawing games with rapid-fire rounds! 4.3 ★ 4.4 ★ Go Fish! Play the ultimate arcade fishing game! 4.6 ★ 4.6 ★ 48 Million+ Downloads Looper! Check out Looper, a melodious and soothing rhythm and music game! 4.4 ★ 4.5 ★ Dream Build Solitaire Play TriPeaks Solitaire to save your town, one home makeover at a time! 3.5 ★ 4.7 ★ View All Mobile Games Our PC & Console Games New Release Town to City Break free of the grid in Town to City: a cozy city builder that invites you to create a beautiful and bustling community.

Freely place houses, shops, and amenities and natural elements to delight your residents and encourage new families to move in. As your population grows, so can your ambitions: create multiple towns that can grow alone or thrive together, helping the whole region develop and prosper.

In story or sandbox mode, you're free to build at your own pace, placing each flower bed with pixel precision, or prioritise growing your economy and developing your town into a thriving city. New Release The Precinct Clean up the city, uncover the truth, and embark on thrilling vehicle chases through destructible environments in this neon-noir action sandbox police game. Step into the shoes of a detective in The Precinct, a captivating PC and console game. You are Officer Nick Cordell Jr. As a rookie beat cop fresh out of the Academy, you’re on the front line of defence for Averno’s citizens. Dive into a world of thrilling car chases, sandbox crimes, and a healthy dose of 1980s noir as you protect the populace and solve the mystery of your father’s murder in the line of duty. New Release Robobeat Keep your trigger finger on the pulse! In rhythm shooter ROBOBEAT, you'll play as Ace - a bounty hunter on a mission to capture robot-gone-rogue Frazzer in his ever-shifting lair. Wall run, slide, and shoot to your own beat using the in-game custom music editor, blasting through Frazzer's armies! New Release Voidwrought A new age dawns in a starlit world. Emerging from its cocoon, the Simulacrum is driven to collect Ichor, the blood of the gods, from the monstrosities who hoard it.

Voidwrought is a fast-paced action-platformer with tight traversal, varied abilities, and formidable boss battles. Find and equip powerful Artifacts to customize your playstyle. Excavate into the rubble of the Gray City to construct a shrine filled with loyal followers View All PC & Console Games How We Take Your Mobile Game To The Next Level Submit Your Game Details The first step is to provide your game details through Kwalee's Publishing Portal. This is where your journey begins. Let's Start Step 1 Gain Valuable Insights If your game has potential, we’ll test it and learn from the data to prepare it for launch. Step 2 Conquer the Charts Positive KPIs secure profitable publishing & large marketing budgets. Our team swiftly scales your game. Step 3 How We Take Your Mobile Game To The Next Level Step 1 : Submit Your Game Details The first step is to provide your game details through Kwalee's Publishing Portal. This is where your journey begins. Let's Start Step 2 : Gain Valuable Insights If your game has potential, we’ll test it and learn from the data to prepare it for launch. Step 3 : Conquer the Charts Positive KPIs secure profitable publishing & large marketing budgets. Our team swiftly scales your game. We’re Super Proud Of Our Awards Our passion, creativity, and commitment to delivering top-tier experiences for our clients have earned us prestigious awards. Thank you to our incredible clients and team for making this possible! Want to know more about Kwalee our games, news or jobs? Subscribe to one of our regular newsletters, bursting with useful info, exclusive access and helpful tips. Your name Email Area(s) of Interest I agree with Kwalee's Privacy Policy and consent to them storing my name and email so they could send their marketing emails to me. Subscribe me Game News, Interviews & Insights Read more about the latest games news and trends on our Kwalee blog. We share interesting interviews and insights about publishing, development, technology and careers. Industry 12 Video Game Charities Making Positive Change In The World January 8, 2024 Industry AI In Game Development: What Impact Has It Made? April 28, 2023 | by Kwalee Team Gaming 30 MILLION Teachers Have Entered the Classroom! June 24, 2021 | by Kwalee Team View all articles Decorative footer background Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Let's Play Home Mobile Games PCC Games Publishing Join Us About Us Go to Go to Home Mobile Games PCC Games Publishing Join Us About Us Follow Kwalee Want to know more about Kwalee? Subscribe to one of our regular newsletters. Subscribe The Kwalee Newsletters I agree with Kwalee's Privacy Policy and consent to them storing my name and email so they could send their marketing emails to me. Submit Privacy Policy Mobile Eula PCC EULA PCC Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Copyright (DMCA) Takedown Policy EU DSA Report More Pages Privacy Policy, Terms Of Use, etc. Privacy Policy Mobile Eula PCC EULA PCC Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Copyright (DMCA) Takedown Policy EU DSA Report © Copyright 2025 Kwalee.com All Rights Reserved