KWTX | Central Texas News | Serving Waco, Temple, Killeen and surrounding areas Skip to content Advertise Be Remarkable Restaurant Report Card Tell Me Something Good Legal Minute Minuto Legal News Weather Sports LIVE: KWTXtra Obituaries Toys for Tots We the People Home News Local Fort Hood Back To School Making The Grade Tell Me Something Good Restaurant Report Card National Politics State Crime Xtra! Xtra! Interviews We the People Weather KWTX Radar Network Thundercall Headlines 10-Day / Map Room Skycams Degrees of Science Weather Xtra Project Tornado Fish & Game Forecast Sports Thursday Night Football 2-A-DAYS Xtra Point Puppy Picks Classroom Champions Scoreboard Election Results Obituaries Learn more about this service Restaurant Report Card Food for Families Tell Me Something Good Be Remarkable LIVE: KWTXtra Contests VIDEO: News Replays VIDEO: News Library Hardwired Gaming News Submit a Story Submit a Photo Community Calendar Dot Com Daily e-News Featured Army Way Be Remarkable Buddy Check Daily Pledge Good News Friday KWTX Longball Tournament Legal Minute Minuto Legal Mortgage Minute Pet of the Week NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Circle Country CW Central Texas Telemundo Gray DC Bureau InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet PowerNation Programming Schedule About Us Meet the Team Contact Us Careers Advertise Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy Mental health expert shares warning signs as missing teen cases rise in Texas Mental health professionals advise parents to watch for specific warning signs and respond with connection rather than punishment when children exhibit concerning behaviors. Local Groesbeck boy with rare condition inspires community support through t-shirts Local End of year update on I-35 construction in Waco, Texas State Body found in field confirmed to be missing Texas teenager Camila Mendoza Olmos: sheriff TOP HEADLINES Local UPDATE: Charge against Central Texas father upgraded to capital murder in death of infant Updated : Nov. 17, 2025 at 10:54 AM CST | By Danika Young The father of a five-month-old infant was arrested after the child was found unresponsive at home and later died at the hospital. Tell Me Something Good The Collective women’s boutique in Woodway giving away a year of free clothing Updated : 4 hours ago | By Julie Hays A popular women’s boutique in Woodway is giving away one year of free clothes as a way to thank customers for a great 2025. National Trump administration freezing child care funds to all states amid investigation into fraud schemes Updated : 3 hours ago | By The Associated Press and CHARLOTTE KRAMON and SARAH BRUMFIELD Associated Press/Report for America States will have to provide more verification for the child care centers that receive funds from the Child Care and Development Fund, according to a Department of Health and Human Services spokesperson. National Trump says he’s dropping push for National Guard in Chicago, LA and Portland, Oregon, for now Updated : 42 minutes ago | By The Associated Press and MICHELLE L. PRICE Associated Press The move comes after legal roadblocks hung up the effort. Local Texas law requiring parental consent for minors downloading apps blocked days before going into effect Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:23 PM CST | By Isabella Quintanilla This year Governor Abbott signed into law Senate Bill 2420, a law requiring age verification and parental consent for minors downloading apps or making in-app purchases. Just over a week before it was set to go into effect the law was blocked by a federal judge. Local Groesbeck teen opens eyes after he was shot in the head on Christmas; remains in ICU Updated : Dec. 26, 2025 at 1:00 PM CST | By KWTX Staff The boy underwent surgery and is in the intensive care unit, the sheriff’s office further said. KWTX 10 Day Forecast County Burn Bans Pollen Count Popular Articles 11-year-old boy dies after battling severe case of the flu, family says Two Texas teens killed in deadly chain-reaction crash on Christmas Eve Groesbeck teen opens eyes after he was shot in the head on Christmas; remains in ICU LATEST VIDEO News Sophia Young-Malcolm coaches all girls basketball clinic in Waco Crime Charge against Central Texas father upgraded to capital murder in death of infant Local Mental health expert shares warning signs as missing teen cases rise in Texas Local End of the year update on I-35 construction in Waco, Texas MORE NEWS State Texas Tech archeology team uncovers lost mission site nearly 300 years after it was last occupied Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:28 PM CST | By Dylan Villa The mission known as Nuestra Señora del Espíritu Santo, located in Jackson County, Texas, was thought to have been lost. The Texas Tech archeology team, along with a few contributors, were able to finally find this mission after lots of hard work. National ‘Profound sadness’: 2 children killed in house fire after being unable to escape home; father hurt Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 7:59 PM CST | By Rachael Thomas and Jordan Gartner Two children in Texas lost their lives in a house fire on Tuesday morning, with their father also being injured. National Couple who got lost on their drive home from a Thanksgiving gathering believed to have frozen to death Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:34 PM CST | By Madison Fisher and Emily Van de Riet A couple from Texas disappeared on their way home from celebrating Thanksgiving with their family. Five days later, they were both found dead next to their vehicle, far from their intended destination. Tell Me Something Good ‘Realistic instead of perfect’: Waco trainer Meredith Hutson offers fitness guidance for the New Year Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 8:12 PM CST | By Julie Hays Meredith Hutson, 30, of Waco, says she knows the feeling of failing year-after-year when it comes to New Year’s goals to get healthy. Crime Good Samaritans foil attempted kidnapping of girl at Central Texas park; restrain suspect while deputies arrive Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 5:34 PM CST | By Joe  Villasana Christopher Garza, 28, was arrested and charged with attempted kidnapping and failure to identify. Local Backwards to the Future: Central Texas Grandmother Earns Bachelor’s Degree At 73 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 2:27 PM CST | By Lauren Westbrook On Friday, December 12, 73-year-old Glenda Nord was among more than 300 graduates to receive their degrees at Texas A&M University-Central Texas in Killeen. Local Accused hit-and-run driver charged in death of Copperas Cove motorcyclist: Texas DPS Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 12:38 PM CST | By KWTX Staff Investigators with the Texas Dept. of Public Safety are asking for information about a collision that claimed the life of a motorcyclist. Crime ‘Prime suspect’ charged after body of missing elderly man found in rural Hamilton County, Texas Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 2:12 PM CST | By KWTX Staff Hamilton County deputies and Texas Rangers arrested Luis Aguilar on a murder warrant in the death of Jose Venecia, Jr. Crime ‘WANTED - COWARD’: Suspect in Central Texas collision fled the scene on foot, left sister and nephew behind, police say Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:20 PM CST | By Bradley Vaughn Florence police are searching for a suspect who fled a high-speed chase on Christmas Eve that resulted in a major crash and fire. Local ‘He’s all I had left’: Daughter of Copperas Cove man killed in hit-and-run pleads for help covering funeral costs Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:29 PM CST | By Adam Schindler Benny Ray Manning was hit and killed while on the side of Bea Powell Road. Local UPDATE: Erynn Grace Guthrie found safe, Killeen police say Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:48 PM CST | By KWTX Staff Erynn Grace Guthrie was last seen on Dec. 18. Local ‘She’s just a kid’: Belton, Texas teenager starts cancer fight in middle of holiday season Updated : Dec. 27, 2025 at 12:04 AM CST | By Madison Herber Just days after Thanksgiving, a Belton girl was diagnosed with cancer and just spent Christmas away from family and in a hotel near the hospital. MORE NEWS Local Central Texas father creates autism support app inspired by daughter Updated : Dec. 25, 2025 at 4:07 PM CST | By Nate Smith The BrighterBuddy app enters final development stages, set to launch in February Local Gatesville fire chief hangs up helmet after half-century of service Updated : Dec. 24, 2025 at 6:00 PM CST | By Cris  Cordova Longtime Gatesville fire chief steps down, reflecting on 55 years of service Local Bellmead auto shop expansion faces neighborhood opposition Updated : Dec. 23, 2025 at 6:24 PM CST | By Cris  Cordova Family business seeks zoning change to build indoor facility after 13 years of operation in residential area Local Yellow semi on top of Waco billboard comes down after nearly 30 years Updated : Dec. 23, 2025 at 6:33 PM CST | By Madison Herber A staple that has been seen from I-35 for nearly 30 years has been taken down. Home News Weather Sports Community About Us Submit a Story Send Us Photos and Videos Watch Live KWTX First Alert Weather 24/7 KWTX 6700 American Plaza Waco, TX 76712 (254) 776-1330 Public Inspection File publicfile@kwtx.com - (254) 776-1330 FCC Applications EEO Statement Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Cookie Settings Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026