Legal | Lumen Warning X Sign In Hi, User Name Control Center Sign Out Session Timout Your session has timed out, please sign in again. Sign In Sign Out You have been signed out Cancel Sign Out Unauthorized You are an unauthorized user Token Error There has been a token error Connectivity Fabric Solutions By Business Outcome By Industry By Business Type By Technical Use Case By Business Outcome Reliable & Secure Connectivity DIA and SASE integrate to offer secure, consistent connectivity with proactive threat protection enabling seamless and scalable network modernization. Secure Customer Experience & Connectivity Provide secure, uninterrupted internet connectivity to all your locations and cloud resources with bundled DIA and DDoS Mitigation. Flexible Networking for Secure Access IP VPN and SASE provide secure, flexible connections between sites, data centers, private networks, cloud environments and over the internet. By Industry Energy Financial Services Gaming Network Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Pharmaceuticals Public Sector Retail Technology Back to Industry Energy Back to Industry Financial Services Back to Industry Gaming Network Back to Industry Healthcare Back to Industry Manufacturing Back to Industry Media & Entertainment Back to Industry Pharmaceuticals Back to Industry Public Sector Federal Defense & IC State & Local Public Safety Higher Education Back to Industry Retail Back to Industry Technology By Business Type Enterprise Business Explore next-gen connectivity and security solutions for your large, distributed enterprise. Midsize Business Discover how to achieve speed, scale and security for your midsize business with resources and product recommendations. Public Sector Explore how to attain efficiency, security and connectivity solutions for your public sector organization utilizing helpful resources. Wholesale Future-ready wholesale networking, security and voice solutions to meet your customers’ digital business demands. By Technical Use Case AI Support large AI workloads by using programmable connectivity to control bandwidth, path and latency. Network-as-a-Service Quickly deliver reliable, secure connectivity services that scale to your business and offer affordable pay-as-you-go pricing. Services Infrastructure Connectivity Security Communication Media & Entertainment View All Products Infrastructure Portfolio Featured Services Wavelengths Handle up to 400 Gbps on your network with few elements for max speed, scalability and performance. Colocation A reliable infrastructure to support business apps and grow market presence. Dark Fiber A high-capacity, scalable and secure fiber optic network dedicated to your business and managed by Lumen. Enterprise Broadband Explore reliable, high-speed enterprise broadband solutions with extensive reach, built to scale with your business. Categories Edge Compute & Storage Private Connectivity Fabric Connectivity Portfolio Featured Services Ethernet Establish secure, high-speed connections between locations, data centers and cloud providers for instant access to business resources. IP VPN Manage traffic prioritization and routing to efficiently deliver applications across locations. Categories Internet Services On-Demand Network Services Security Portfolio Featured Services DDoS Combat complex, costly and persistent threats with an automated self-service path to powerful protection. SD-WAN Enhance WAN while minimizing risk using our fully-managed or co-managed solution and hybrid connectivity. SASE Unify network and security in a centralized, cloud-based experience to simplify access and management. Communication Portfolio Featured Services Lumen® Cloud Voice Maximize customer experience with cloud-based voice and collaboration tools delivered on a secure, high-performance platform. UC&C Enable savings and productivity with unified voice, video and chat solutions. Specialty Lines Fully managed life and safety systems on a cloud-based, POTS replacement system. Voice Complete Cloud‑ready SIP services and APIs to maximize voice performance and reliability while simplifying management without replacing TDM technology. Contact Center Transform customer experience with an omnichannel solution that is quick to deploy and easy to use. Categories Lumen® Cloud Communications Voice Featured Services Vyvx® Broadcast Solutions Air live events and on‑demand video with end‑to‑end managed broadcast services from acquisition to delivery. Partners Connected Ecosystem Channel Partners By Technology Partner Connected Ecosystem Partner Types Strategic Technology Partners Open your market, expand offerings and enable scalable growth with our demand-driven infrastructure. Lumen Validated Designs Minimize risk and enhance business outcomes with well-tested, repeatable and thoroughly documented customer solutions. By Technology Partner Amazon Web Services Cisco Digital Realty Equinix Google Cloud Microsoft VMware Resources Why Lumen Customer Stories About Us Blog & News Blog & News Newsroom Developers Why Lumen Grow your business with solutions designed to deliver more intuitive networking, cybersecurity and edge cloud experiences. Black Lotus Labs® Black Lotus Labs sees and disrupts threats others can’t. Leverage our network visibility to help protect your business. Network Maps View our interactive network maps to see how we connect edge, cloud, data centers and more to our global fiber network. About Us Sustainability Spotlights News Releases Press Resource Center Executive Bios Back to Solutions By Business Outcome Reliable & Secure Connectivity DIA and SASE integrate to offer secure, consistent connectivity with proactive threat protection enabling seamless and scalable network modernization. Secure Customer Experience & Connectivity Provide secure, uninterrupted internet connectivity to all your locations and cloud resources with bundled DIA and DDoS Mitigation. Flexible Networking for Secure Access IP VPN and SASE provide secure, flexible connections between sites, data centers, private networks, cloud environments and over the internet. Back to Solutions By Industry Energy Financial Services Gaming Network Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Pharmaceuticals Public Sector Retail Technology Back to Industry Energy Back to Industry Financial Services Back to Industry Gaming Network Back to Industry Healthcare Back to Industry Manufacturing Back to Industry Media & Entertainment Back to Industry Pharmaceuticals Back to Industry Public Sector Federal Defense & IC State & Local Public Safety Higher Education Back to Industry Retail Back to Industry Technology Back to Solutions By Business Type Enterprise Business Explore next-gen connectivity and security solutions for your large, distributed enterprise. Midsize Business Discover how to achieve speed, scale and security for your midsize business with resources and product recommendations. Public Sector Explore how to attain efficiency, security and connectivity solutions for your public sector organization utilizing helpful resources. Wholesale Future-ready wholesale networking, security and voice solutions to meet your customers’ digital business demands. Back to Solutions By Technical Use Case AI Support large AI workloads by using programmable connectivity to control bandwidth, path and latency. Network-as-a-Service Quickly deliver reliable, secure connectivity services that scale to your business and offer affordable pay-as-you-go pricing. Back to Services Infrastructure Portfolio Featured Services Wavelengths Handle up to 400 Gbps on your network with few elements for max speed, scalability and performance. Colocation A reliable infrastructure to support business apps and grow market presence. Dark Fiber A high-capacity, scalable and secure fiber optic network dedicated to your business and managed by Lumen. Enterprise Broadband Explore reliable, high-speed enterprise broadband solutions with extensive reach, built to scale with your business. Categories Edge Compute & Storage Private Connectivity Fabric Back to Services Connectivity Portfolio Featured Services Ethernet Establish secure, high-speed connections between locations, data centers and cloud providers for instant access to business resources. IP VPN Manage traffic prioritization and routing to efficiently deliver applications across locations. Categories Internet Services On-Demand Network Services Back to Services Security Portfolio Featured Services DDoS Combat complex, costly and persistent threats with an automated self-service path to powerful protection. SD-WAN Enhance WAN while minimizing risk using our fully-managed or co-managed solution and hybrid connectivity. SASE Unify network and security in a centralized, cloud-based experience to simplify access and management. Back to Services Communication Portfolio Featured Services Lumen® Cloud Voice Maximize customer experience with cloud-based voice and collaboration tools delivered on a secure, high-performance platform. UC&C Enable savings and productivity with unified voice, video and chat solutions. Specialty Lines Fully managed life and safety systems on a cloud-based, POTS replacement system. Voice Complete Cloud‑ready SIP services and APIs to maximize voice performance and reliability while simplifying management without replacing TDM technology. Contact Center Transform customer experience with an omnichannel solution that is quick to deploy and easy to use. Categories Lumen® Cloud Communications Voice Back to Services Featured Services Vyvx® Broadcast Solutions Air live events and on‑demand video with end‑to‑end managed broadcast services from acquisition to delivery. Back to Services Back to Partners Connected Ecosystem Partner Types Strategic Technology Partners Open your market, expand offerings and enable scalable growth with our demand-driven infrastructure. Lumen Validated Designs Minimize risk and enhance business outcomes with well-tested, repeatable and thoroughly documented customer solutions. Back to Partners Back to Partners By Technology Partner Amazon Web Services Cisco Digital Realty Equinix Google Cloud Microsoft VMware Back to Resources Why Lumen Grow your business with solutions designed to deliver more intuitive networking, cybersecurity and edge cloud experiences. Black Lotus Labs® Black Lotus Labs sees and disrupts threats others can’t. Leverage our network visibility to help protect your business. Network Maps View our interactive network maps to see how we connect edge, cloud, data centers and more to our global fiber network. Back to Resources Back to Resources About Us Sustainability Back to Resources Back to Resources Back to Resources Spotlights News Releases Press Resource Center Executive Bios Back to Resources Contact Us Support Lumen Legal Lumen Legal Lumen Legal CenturyLink Legal Trust Center Lumen Legal Information and Resources Here you’ll find access to various Lumen Legal, Privacy and Regulatory documents and policies, such as service terms and conditions, service guides, and tariffs. You will also find the Acceptable Use Policy, the Privacy Notice, the Supplier Policy, and other Lumen policies. Please note that your view is customized by the country website you are viewing. If you are looking for documents and links outside of your country designation, you will need to change the country by selecting the flag icon at the bottom of this page. Doing Business with Lumen Settlement‑Free Peering Policy Supplier Policies and Resources Governance Documentation Board Committees Ethics and Compliance Documents Governance Documents SMS Terms and Conditions Lumen Legal Business Customer Terms and Conditions Legacy Company Customer Terms and Conditions Lumen Acceptable Use Policy Lumen Copyright/DMCA Policy Lumen Control Center Terms and Conditions Lumen Privacy Center Privacy Compliance & Audit Cookie Notice Data Subject Requests Lumen Privacy Center Lumen Validator Privacy Notice Processing Details and Lumen Privacy Data Sheets Security & Compliance Transparency Report Trust & Safety Trust Center U.S. State Privacy Rights Regulatory North America Canadian Ombudsman (CCTS) (Canada) Call Blocking Redress Assistance Tariff Library Lumen Legal Information and Resources Here you’ll find access to various Lumen Legal, Privacy and Regulatory documents and policies, such as service terms and conditions, service guides, and tariffs. You will also find the Acceptable Use Policy, the Privacy Notice, the Supplier Policy, and other Lumen policies. Please note that your view is customized by the country website you are viewing. If you are looking for documents and links outside of your country designation, you will need to change the country by selecting the flag icon at the bottom of this page. Doing Business with Lumen Settlement‑Free Peering Policy Supplier Policies and Resources Governance Documentation Board Committees Ethics and Compliance Documents Governance Documents SMS Terms and Conditions Lumen Legal Business Customer Terms and Conditions Legacy Company Customer Terms and Conditions Lumen Acceptable Use Policy Lumen Copyright/DMCA Policy Lumen Portal Terms and Conditions Lumen Privacy Center Privacy Data Subject Requests Details of Processing for Products and Services Lumen Privacy Notice Lumen Validator Privacy Notice Security & Compliance Transparency Report Trust & Safety Trust Center Contact Us Sign In Billing Support About Us Careers Investors Newsroom Public Sector CenturyLink Sustainability Trust Center Wholesale WHY LUMEN Lumen Digital Why Lumen Black Lotus Labs® Network Maps RESOURCES Blog & News News Releases Customer Portals Customer Stories Developer Center Partners Suppliers Support RESOURCES Blog News Customer Portals Customer Stories Partners Suppliers Support RESOURCES Blog News Customer Portals Customer Stories Partners Suppliers Support Not all products and services are available in all regions and countries; please contact a representative near you for details. Australia Hong Kong India Japan Singapore United States About Us Accessibility Canadian Ombudsman Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Privacy Public Policy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Lumen is a registered trademark in the United States, EU and certain other countries. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Privacy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Legal Notices Privacy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Gender Pay Gap 2022 (UK) Governance Legal Modern Slavery Statement 2020 (UK) Privacy Support UK Tax Strategy Carbon Reduction Plan © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved.