Lakeside Software | Give Everyone a Better View Skip to content Customer Gateway Partners Contact Us Platform Expand What we do Lakeside’s SysTrack platform gives enterprises a better view of their entire IT estate with the industry’s most accurate, comprehensive, and real-time data. Platform Overview Differentiators Core Technologies Capabilities Integrations Capabilities Help Desk Digital Employee Experience Proactive IT IT Transformations Observabilities & Insights Core Technologies Intelligent Edge Collect 10,000+ datapoints every 15 seconds from every endpoint across your estate. Multi-Platform Support Access the broadest device and most comprehensive OS support. VDI Support Manage physical and virtual environments with confidence. Sensors & Automations Identify and fix issues quickly with 1,200+ sensors and 220+ automations out of the box. AI/ML Fuel today’s sophisticated AI/ML with the industry’s best data. Insight-Driven User Interface Find the smartest fixes and most relevant insights faster Integrations Citrix Nutanix Qualtrics VMware Microsoft OpenAI ServiceNow Moveworks Power BI Splunk Solutions Expand What we solve Large, complex IT environments face all kinds of challenges. Lakeside solves these with the industry’s best data capture and most complete end-to-end visibility. Our Solutions Use Cases Functions Industries Use Cases DEX Visibility Hardware Optimization Software License Optimization Proactive IT Ops Resolution Root Cause Analysis View All Functions IT Management IT Infrastructure IT Operations & Support Digital Workplace View All Industries Financial Services Insurance Healthcare Manufacturing View All Resources Expand Looking for something? Let Lakeside give you a better view into the industry’s latest news and trends. Join us at an event or webinar, peruse the latest news and blog posts, and check out insights from our experts in our resource center. Resource Center Resources Blog Newsroom Events and Webinars Customers Stories Company Expand Check us out Lakeside Software is how organizations with large, complex IT environments can finally get visibility across their entire digital estates and see how to do more with less. Company Overview Connect with us Sustainablility About us Leadership Newsroom Customer Stories Connect With us Customer Gateway Careers Partner Program Culture Events Contact Us Search Get a demo Search Toggle Menu Lakeside Software Launches SysTrack AI, Bringing Agentic Digital Employee Experience to Every Device Learn More → Close The DEX Engineering Platform SysTrack is how organizations with complex IT environments get the observability they need to solve problems and make data-driven decisions across their entire digital estate. Get a demo Introducing SysTrack AI Where deep data meets autonomous diagnostics. SysTrack AI is the precision AI agent for end-user computing. Identify, analyze, and remediate issues rapidly for quicker MTTR and improved productivity. Learn more A Leader in DEX and EUEM Lakeside was named a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™: DEX Management Tools, the Forrester Wave™: EUEM, Q324, and the ISG Provider Lens™ for DEX. See why Trusted by world leading brands Observability That Has Your Back. Your day deserves fewer surprises. You need a DEX solution you can trust. The end of ticket ping-pong Get the only solution that shines a light throughout the digital estate, breaking down silos and revealing root causes. From firefighting to foresight Leverage everything from automation and self-service to instant prioritization of the most critical issues. A true system of record for IT Continually streamline IT operations, boost employee productivity, minimize hardware and software expenses, and more. Explore the Lakeside difference Use cases What will you accomplish with SysTrack? dex visibility Gain a complete, real-time view of your digital employee experience. See more → hardware optimization Ensure everyone has what they need to do their best work. See more → software license optimization Cut unnecessary software costs. See more → Proactive IT Ops resolution Fix issues before productivity suffers. See more → Self Service Help users help themselves. See more → help desk ticket reduction Cut ticket volume by up to 25%. Reduce MTTR by up to 75%. See more → boot & login analysis Help everyone’s day get off to a good start. See more → Endpoint compliance & Governance Ensure all devices are secure and compliant. See more → Mergers & acquisitions Get the visibility you need to merge without guesswork. See more → Dex visibility Gain a complete, real-time view of your digital employee experience. See more → Hardware optimization Ensure everyone has what they need to do their best work. See more → Software license optimization Cut unnecessary software costs. See more → Proactive IT OPS resolution Fix issues before productivity suffers. See more → Self service Help users help themselves. See more → Help desk ticket reduction Cut ticket volume by up to 25%. Reduce MTTR by up to 75%. See more → Boot & login analysis Help everyone’s day get off to a good start. See more → Endpoint compliance & governance Ensure all devices are secure and compliant. See more → Mergers & Acquisitions Get the visibility you need to merge without guesswork. See more → Explore the platform Report For AI to be useful to IT, you need good data. In an Enterprise Strategy Group study, 31% of organizations said the limited availability of quality data is impacting their AI implementation. Learn why the quantity and breadth, depth, history, and structure of data matter for effective AI in “The Essential Role of Data and Data Quality in IT-related AI Model Training”. Read the report → 92% of organizations are already implementing artificial intelligence Helps us make informed decisions If we have this visibility across the whole IT estate, we can potentially save ourselves a huge amount of money. We use SysTrack Assist every time we move forward, because it helps us make those informed decisions. – Steve Kennedy , Head of End-User Services, Clifford Chance Discover the view that’s right for you Executive Leadership You need the most comprehensive view of enterprise IT health. Only Lakeside delivers complete visibility. Streamline IT operations as the business changes and grows. Easily identify unnecessary spend on things like software licenses and hardware upgrades. Cut out costly configurations with a comprehensive, out-of-the-box solution that collects all the data you need. Retain employees and boost productivity with a smooth digital experience that reduces downtime and increases employee satisfaction. Explore Lakeside for executive leaders → IT Engineering You need to manage complex IT environments and transformation projects. Only Lakeside offers complete visibility with the most comprehensive data from every endpoint device across your estate. Lower costs by cutting unnecessary software licenses and avoiding premature hardware upgrades. Be proactive with AI-based alerts and automated resolutions that address issues before anyone even notices them. Ensure all endpoints are secure and compliant. See what employees are really experiencing with SysTrack’s agent installed directly onto every endpoint, capturing 10,000+ data points every 15 seconds, even offline. Explore Lakeside for IT engineering → Help Desk You need the most comprehensive view of enterprise IT health. Only Lakeside delivers complete visibility. Reduce MTTR with 220 prebuilt scripts that instantly solve common problems. Catch unreported issues with 1,300 sensors constantly scanning for anomalies. Prevent new tickets by tackling root causes with the industry’s best L3 RCA and remediation tools. Let users do more (and L1s do less) with the SysTrack IT Self Help Portal, which provides alerts, one-click fixes, IT announcements, customizable tools, and more. Explore Lakeside for help desks → Executive Leadership You need the most comprehensive view of enterprise IT health. Only Lakeside delivers complete visibility. Streamline IT operations as the business changes and grows. Easily identify unnecessary spend on things like software licenses and hardware upgrades. Cut out costly configurations with a comprehensive, out-of-the-box solution that collects all the data you need. Retain employees and boost productivity with a smooth digital experience that reduces downtime and increases employee satisfaction. Explore Lakeside for executive leaders → IT Engineering You need to manage complex IT environments and transformation projects. Only Lakeside offers complete visibility with the most comprehensive data from every endpoint device across your estate. Lower costs by cutting unnecessary software licenses and avoiding premature hardware upgrades. Be proactive with AI-based alerts and automated resolutions that address issues before anyone even notices them. Ensure all endpoints are secure and compliant. See what employees are really experiencing with SysTrack’s agent installed directly onto every endpoint, capturing 10,000+ data points every 15 seconds, even offline. Explore Lakeside for IT engineering → Help Desk You need the most comprehensive view of enterprise IT health. Only Lakeside delivers complete visibility. Reduce MTTR with 220 prebuilt scripts that instantly solve common problems. Catch unreported issues with 1,300 sensors constantly scanning for anomalies. Prevent new tickets by tackling root causes with the industry’s best L3 RCA and remediation tools. Let users do more (and L1s do less) with the SysTrack IT Self Help Portal, which provides alerts, one-click fixes, IT announcements, customizable tools, and more. Explore Lakeside for help desks → Get an instant ROI estimate Show me my estimated ROI Takes ~5 seconds Discover the latest from Lakeside Report ISG Briefing Note: Lakeside Software Enables Strategic, Faster and Low-Cost IT Management and Support Read Now → ISG Briefing Note: Lakeside Software Enables Strategic, Faster and Low-Cost IT Management and Support Customer Story Lakeside + Kyndryl: Superior Patient Satisfaction Starts with the Digital Employee Experience Read Now → Lakeside + Kyndryl: Superior Patient Satisfaction Starts with the Digital Employee Experience Report ISG Provider Lens™ for Future of Work Solutions Read Now → ISG Provider Lens™ for Future of Work Solutions Report ISG Provider Lens™ for Digital Employee Experience Solutions Read Now → ISG Provider Lens™ for Digital Employee Experience Solutions Find out if Lakeside is right for your organization with a PRODUCT DEMO Get a demo 4.6 4.9 4.9 Linkedin X YouTube Privacy Statement | Subprocessors | Responsible Use of AI | Terms and Conditions | Trademark Usage | Contact Us © 2017 - 2025 Lakeside Software, LLC. All Rights Reserved Platform Differentiators Capabilities Core Technologies Integrations Solutions Use Cases Functions Industries Resource Center Blog Newsroom Webinars & Events Customer Stories Company Leadership Partner Program Customer Gateway Sustainability Careers Contact Us Platform Toggle child menu Expand Platform Overview Differentiators Core Technologies Capabilities Integrations Solutions Toggle child menu Expand Our Solutions Use Cases Functions Industries Resources Toggle child menu Expand Resource Center Blog Events and Webinars Customer Stories Newsroom White Papers Product Briefs Company Toggle child menu Expand Company Overview Connect with us Sustainability Leadership Partners Careers Culture Contact Us Get a demo Toggle Menu Close Search for: Search