LANDrop
FeaturesDownloadsFAQPrivacy
LANDrop

Drop any files to any devices on your LAN

 Download Now
 Community Donate
Features
LANDrop automatically detects other devices running LANDrop on the same Wi-Fi network, so you don't need to enter IP addresses manually. Unlike other apps, there's no need to set up a server. LANDrop handles everything behind the scenes—just like AirDrop, but cross-platform.
 Cross-Platform

We mean it—iOS, Android, macOS, Windows, Linux, Android TV, and more. LANDrop works seamlessly across all major platforms.

 Ultra-Fast & Secure

LANDrop uses advanced protocols to deliver line-rate transfer speeds along with military-grade encryption and authentication for top-notch security.

 No Data Usage

On the go? No worries—LANDrop works with your personal hotspot, without using cellular data.

 Lossless Transfers

LANDrop transfers your photos and videos without any compression, ensuring they remain high quality.

 Nearby Sharing

LANDrop can detect nearby devices even if they're not on the same Wi-Fi network. Using WebRTC, it enables file transfers to those devices.

 Trusted Devices

Add trusted devices in LANDrop and automatically accept file transfers from them without needing approval each time.

Download LANDrop
iOSAndroid/TVmacOSWindowsLinux
v
macOS >= 10.15
Frequently Asked Questions
I can't find other devices. What should I do?
My Windows computer can't receive files from my phone. What should I do?
LANDrop is slow. How can I fix it?
Can LANDrop transfer files between devices on different networks?
Does LANDrop upload my files to the cloud?
Does LANDrop use my data plan?
Does LANDrop compress my photos and videos?
I have more questions. How can I contact you?
Privacy Policy

Thank you for using LANDrop!

SkyArc LLC is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle your personal data.

Data Storage and Usage:

We do not collect, share, or store any of your personal data.
All personal data required for the normal operation of the app are stored entirely and exclusively on your device.

File Transfers:

When you send or receive files to or from other devices, your device's name, type, and/or local IP address may be shared with the other party.
You can choose not to actively share this information by turning off "Discoverable" in the app.
This information is not collected, shared, or stored by SkyArc LLC in any way and is only used for the necessary operation of the app.

Analytics and Usage Data:

To better serve our customers, we may gather analytics and usage data. This data helps us understand how our app is used and improve its performance and functionality.
The analytics and usage data collected will be anonymized and will not include any personal data.

If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@landrop.app.

Thank you for your trust in LANDrop!

SkyArc LLC

Copyright © 2021-2024, SkyArc LLC