LANDR: The Best Music Production Software for Creators Samples Plugins Plugin Marketplace 70+ curated plugins, instruments, effects and production tools LANDR Mastering Plugin Pro-level, AI mastering in your DAW LANDR Plugin Bundles Industry-standard plugin collections Collaboration Share and chat Messaging made for musicians Connect with creators Find a collaborator for your next project Hire a pro Affordable and curated top talent at your finger tips Sell services Free tools to monetize your skills Community channels Connect with peers, find inspiration, learn and grow your sound Mastering Online Mastering Studio-quality, AI mastering in your web browser LANDR Mastering Plugin Pro-level, AI mastering in your DAW Distribution Courses Pricing Log in Sign up free Sign up free Samples Plugins Plugin Marketplace LANDR Mastering Plugin LANDR Plugin Bundles Collaboration Share and chat Connect with creators Hire a pro Sell services Community channels Mastering Online Mastering LANDR Mastering Plugin Distribution Courses Pricing Log in Sign up free Samples Plugins Plugin Marketplace 70+ curated plugins, instruments, effects and production tools LANDR Mastering Plugin Pro-level, AI mastering in your DAW LANDR Plugin Bundles Industry-standard plugin collections Collaboration Share and chat Messaging made for musicians Connect with creators Find a collaborator for your next project Hire a pro Affordable and curated top talent at your finger tips Sell services Free tools to monetize your skills Community channels Connect with peers, find inspiration, learn and grow your sound Mastering Online Mastering Studio-quality, AI mastering in your web browser LANDR Mastering Plugin Pro-level, AI mastering in your DAW Distribution Courses Pricing Log in Sign up free Up to 50% off Everything you need to create, produce, and release your  music—including LANDR Studio, Mastering Plugin and Plugin Bundles. For a limited time only! View sale What’s included Unlimited AI mastering, including LANDR Mastering Plugin Unlimited distribution to 150+ streaming platforms Up to 2400 royalty-free samples per year from a library of 3M+ 70+ effects and instrument plugins, including stem separation 200+ online music courses taught by pros Collab tools for remote sessions and more Unlimited AI mastering Experience the world’s best AI mastering—trained and trusted by Grammy-winning producers to intelligently process and enhance your track, delivering a pro-quality sound tailored to your music. Discover LANDR Mastering Plugin Discover online mastering Online mastering Make your tracks release-ready with our world-renowned mastering engine that never uses presets and has over a decade of AI training from pro audio engineers. LANDR Mastering Plugin Put the world’s best AI mastering engine right in your DAW—achieve pro-level sound without disrupting your workflow. Mobile app mastering Master your tracks from anywhere with LANDR Mobile App—a versatile tool designed to help musicians and creators manage their projects on the go. Unlimited distribution Get unmatched support and transparent pricing as you release your music to over 150 streaming platforms—plus, your music stays live forever, even if you cancel. Discover distribution Get heard Push your music to over 150 streaming and social media platforms like Apple Music, Spotify, TikTok, YouTube and more. Unlimited releases Release as much music as you like and keep 100% of your royalties with no hidden fees. Human support Get expert troubleshooting and promotion tips from a dedicated team of distribution specialists. World-renowned samples and plugins Enhance your creative process and turn inspiration into music with over 3 million premium, royalty-free samples and 70+ top-notch effects, processing, and instrument plugins. Browse plugins Browse samples Samples Craft tracks with over 3 million royalty-free samples, exclusive packs, and an online beat maker—featuring exclusive sounds from acclaimed providers like Lex Sounds, Wavetick, Cr2 and more. Plugins Build your sound with over 40 mixing, effects and instrument plugins from top providers like IK Multimedia, Baby Audio, UJAM and more. Production tools Shape and refine your tracks with essentials like vocal processors, a vocal enhancer, a stem separator, an AI mastering plugin, 2 DAWs and much more. Collaboration, networking and promotion Unlock new ways to create and promote music with high-definition DAW-audio video chats, community channels and a database of hireable pros. Discover collaboration tools Sessions Make remote music production seamless with a video chat platform built for musicians. Stream high-quality audio directly from your DAW—perfect for track sharing, live mix feedback, and overseeing remote recording sessions. Network Hire music-industry professionals like session musicians, designers, writers, social media experts and more. Community Expand your creative network and give and receive feedback in music-oriented community channels. Online music courses Kick your music theory, production and promotion skills up a notch with over 200 in-depth courses taught by industry professionals. Discover courses Premium Music Courses Access over 200+ music and marketing courses taught by world-class instructors, including 'How to Build a Fan Base on Social Media,' 'How to Use EQ Like a Pro,' 'AI for Music Production,' and more. Interactive content Learn at your own pace with downloadable, responsive learning modules that pick up right where you left off. Self-guided learning Keep track of your new skills and monitor your progress with quizzes and self-assessments. LANDR Studio Unlimited AI mastering. Unlimited distribution. Samples and plugins. Collaboration tools. Online music courses. One low price for the world’s best music production platform. Try now Products Online Mastering Music Distribution Music Samples Audio Plugins Online Music Courses Online Stem Splitter AI Music Composer Audio Enhancer Instrumental Maker Acapella Extractor Background Noise Remover Music Collaboration Artist Network Online Jamming Music Promotion Desktop App Mobile App Mastering API Pricing LANDR About Blog Help Careers Referral Program News & Press Legals Fair Trade AI Program How Musicians Use AI LANDR vs. DistroKid LANDR vs. Splice Giveaways Digital Stores Assistive AI Tools Resources Streaming Royalty Calculator Song Key & BPM Finder Free Beat Maker Independent Music Distribution Sell Music Online Cover Song Licensing Get Your Music on Spotify Get YouTube Content ID Music Promotion Services Make Money With Music Music Release Strategy EP vs. LP How to Mix Music What is Mastering? Loudness Penalty Debunked What is AI Mastering? How to Make a Beat AI & Music Distribution Newsletter Get the ideas, tools and tips you need to grow your sound straight to your inbox. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Redeem a product Enter a code to redeem a product. LANDR © 2025 All rights reserved Privacy policy Terms of service English English Français German Italian Japanese Portuguese Spanish