Landingi: Landing Page Automation Platform for Digital Marketers Product Builder Create, publish and optimize pages with a drag&drop, pixel perfect and mobile-friendly builder Templates Speed up the creation process with 400+ customizable templates for landing pages, pop-ups and sections AI Landing Page Refine your messaging with AI-generated text, SEO and image edition. All in one app A/B Testing Test and compare page variants for data-driven decisions and valuable insights on users interactions EventTracker Track microconversions in your Dashboard and analyze events and clicks with visual map Programmatic Landing Pages NEW Build one layout, generate pages in bulk, and power them with dynamic data Integrations Integrate your pages with your favorite mar-tech apps and solutions to get the flow of your campaign going Infrastructure Use a reliable and secure platform that smoothly handles millions of visits Solutions Lead Generation How to generate more traffic and get more leads. Multi-Language Pages How to reach global audience with language versions of landing pages. Conversion Optimization How to convert traffic into conversions and grow your business. Paid Campaigns Optimization How to optimize paid ads to get higher ROAS. Online Presence How to take care of your digital footprint. Human Landing Pages How to publish non-generic, handcrafted pages. For Enterprise Marketing Teams How to manage larger volumes of pages and clients. Personalized Landing Pages How to deliver personalized content to potential customers. Resources Blog Master digital marketing with the help from savvy professionals and increase your website’s conversions Help Center Guides for beginners, set-up instructions and creation tips to get started and optimize your pages Freebies Ebooks, webinars, Landing Page Academy, and other free marketing resources. Learn and become an expert! Case Studies Read real case studies of marketers and companies who achieved next-level growth with Landingi Demo Schedule a one-on-one meeting with us and learn more about the benefits of our platform Landing Page Design Services Hire a Design Expert or order an import of your existing page from other platforms to Landingi Enterprise Pricing Search All Post Help Center English Español Deutsch Français Dansk Italiano Polski Português Sign in Start free trial Landing Page Automation Platform Less Work. More Conversions. Struggling with clunky updates, low conversions, confusing analytics, or no time for personalization? Build landing pages faster with Landingi. Get started for free 4.5/5 386 I needed a landing page quickly, and Landingi helped make that happen. Unlike other landing page providers, Landingi was easy to use. The quality of the page was great… it looks great and functions well. What’s more to love? Yet there IS more! Like subdomains, variant (A/B) testing and something often overlooked: great support! Kelly L. Landworks Design Group Why do I call it a one-stop solution for the businesses? Because with Landingi, I could create unlimited landing pages, get unlimited hits and generate unlimited leads -sounds awesome right! Moreover, it integrates seamlessly with my most liked Email marketing tool, Mailerlite. It integrates with others too. Vashishtha K. Founder at Corporatebloggingtips.com It’s very customizable but the templates help me as a newbie create something very high quality. Leah P. Founder at LP Productions LLC 2,500+ marketers, agencies, creators and business owners grow with Landingi. Publish Published https://www.website.com 93 I’m not a robot Time to grow your brand! Czas, by rozwinąć swoją markę! Il est temps de faire croître votre marque ! Hora de fazer crescer sua marca! Zeit, Ihre Marke wachsen zu lassen! ¡Hora de hacer crecer tu marca! अब समय है अपने ब्रांड को बढ़ाने का! 是时候 发展你的 品牌了！ Time to grow your brand! Start now! Zacznij teraz! Commencez! Comece agora! Jetzt starten! ¡Empieza ahora! अभी शुरू करें! 立即开始！ Start now! Learn more Więcej En savoir plus Saiba mais Mehr erfahren Saber más और जानें 了解更多 Learn more A 11% conv. rate B 9% conv. rate English Italiano Polish Čeština Français Dansk Português Български Deutsch Eesti Español Suomi हिन्दी Magyar 简体中文 Indonesia Design landing page with our Builder – fast and flexible Our drag-and-drop builder lets you quickly create, launch, and optimize landing pages, pop-ups, microsites, and one-pagers without coding. Use customizable widgets or start with one of our 400+ templates. Optimize Find what really converts – with Data and A/B testing Run experiments with different versions of your pages to understand what truly converts your audience into valuable leads. Optimize Understand what drives engagement – powered by EventTracker Get insights into users’ behavior and interaction on your landing page. Track clicks, scrolls, and form activity to find what keeps users engaged and what hurts your conversions. Optimize Translate your landing pages and go global! Landingi automatically translates every element – content, forms, SEO settings, and thank-you pages – into 29 languages, so that you can scale campaigns globally with ease. Compose your page using an AI-assisted process Say goodbye to blank page paralysis. Our Composer AI delivers ready-to-publish structure and content in minutes, so you can skip the grunt work and get straight to results. AUTOMATE Create hundreds , convert thousands Analyze scrolling patterns, click behaviors, and user trends to get insight into the actual user behavior and use it to convert better Or Create One-click publication and all technical nightmares solved in the background Secure your landing pages and data collection Maintain compliance with international standards. Our automated SSL certificates enhance trust and strengthen your online identity. Say goodbye to sluggish page performance Our robust infrastructure ensures lightning-fast page loads globally, minimizing visitor frustration and bounce rates. Keep your lead database clean and authentic Using reCAPTCHA verification, we separate junk traffic from real potential customers, delivering only premium leads to your CRM. Automate Scale your results, not your effort Generate Programmatic Landing Pages in bulk Build one master layout and generate hundreds of landing pages automatically. Feed your pages with dynamic data to personalize content at scale. Update multiple pages instantly with Smart Sections Edit once, update everywhere. Enhance management efficiency by keeping every layout consistent and saving hours on repetitive edits. Deliver the right message to the right person Tailor landing page content to each visitor’s intent. Use search queries, keywords, and other dynamic parameters to deliver a personalized experience. Connect your favorite tools Access 170+ integrations to sync your CRM, analytics, and marketing apps to manage campaigns, automate workflows, and keep everything in one place. Start creating now! Landing Page Automation Platform. Less Work. More Conversions. Landingi lets you create, publish, and optimize landing pages. We helped 10k+ businesses bring over 234M Leads worldwide. Get started for free Join leading brands that grow their business with Landingi Browse over 400 landing page templates Christmas Card Day New Go To An Art Museum Day New International Music Day Sloth Day Halloween World Hello Day Black Friday International Podcast Day Based on customer reviews , We’re a leading landing page solution 4.5/5 (567) 98% POSITIVE REVIEWS (based on 4,432 responses) 100% Human Support No chatbots or AI here! Our team is made up of real people, always ready to assist you. Several channels Live chat and email Onboarding Live guide tours Web design services Design experts and custom development Migration support Move your pages to Landingi Recommended reads on our Digital Marketing Blog Landing Page Basics How Much Does a Landing Page Cost: Landing Page Price in 2025 Landing Page Best Practices for Creating High Converting Pages 7 Landing Page Benefits: Importance of a Good Landing Page Landing Page Optimization: Definition, Best Practices & 7 Examples 9 Key Components of a Landing Page Landing Pages vs. Homepages – spot the differences! CTA on Landing Pages: 8 Examples Best Landing Page Examples: 56 Ideas for Success What is a Landing Page? Definition, Types, Best Practices, Cost, Benefits Make Use of the Best Landing Page Builder Create landing pages in a platform that is secure and constantly upgraded Start my free trial Free 14-day trial. 30-day money-back guarantee. Templates and Categories Education & Training Advertising & Marketing Health & Beauty Real Estate Browse all templates Free Tools Free Landing Page Builder Free AI Landing Page Copy Free Online Form Builder Free Landing Page Templates Learn with Landingi Landing Page Guide Landing Page Ideas Conversion Optimization Guide PPC Guide Digital Marketing Guide Lead Generation Guide Social Media Marketing Guide Company About Us Contact Sitemap Legal Stuff Cookie Setting Privacy Policy Landingi lets you create landing pages with an easy-to-use builder and templates. Address: 1341 West Mockingbird Lane Suite 600W, PMB 583, Dallas, TX 75247 Copyright © 2025 Landingi