Langwill | Best Language Translation App for Shopify Stores Skip to content Langwill 50% OFF BLACK FRIDAY SAVINGS Discounts on All Plans, Up to 50% OFF Annual 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 50% OFF BLACK FRIDAY SAVINGS Discounts on All Plans, Up to 50% OFF Annual 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 Black Friday Deals Get the best deals of the year — save up to 50% and gear up for BFCM. 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MINS : 0 0 SECS Products Post-Purchase Suite Trust & Loyalty Suite SEO Growth Suite Get the best deals of the year and gear up for BFCM. Build trust, protect orders and drive customer loyalty easily. Black Friday Deals $50% OFF Mega Savings on All Plans 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MINS : 0 0 SECS Claim Offer Black Friday Exclusive: Up to 50% Mega Savings. Get the best deal of the year now! FREE 24/7 AI customer support while competitors charge $19-599/month. Try Chatwill Free Feature Pricing Resource APP Partners Start for Free Globalize Shopify Store with AI-Powered Solutions Effortlessly translate your Shopify store into multiple languages and currencies with Langwill, an efficient AI tool designed to boost your global sales. Start for Free More than 78,000 companies choose Langwill How Langwill Works An efficient translation solution for your Shopify store. Translate Once, Langwill do the Rest. Add Translation Languages Choose from 138 languages to effortlessly integrate with your site, no coding required. Instant AI Translation Get an instant first layer of AI translation, then refine your content directly using the Visual Editor on your live pages. Auto-Translate New Content New content and products get automatically translated, saving you time and effort. Multi-Language Website Access Your customers will access your website in multiple languages based on the their location. Start Free Now Localized Currency Conversion to Enhance Global Sales Easily convert your prices into over 153 currencies using live exchange rates, ensuring laser-precise global pricing. Seamlessly integrate with Shopify Payments, enabling your customers to check out in their local currency for a frictionless shopping experience. Start Free Now Multilingual SEO to Drive Global Traffic Automatically create language-specific subdomains or subdirectories, implement hreflang tags, and translate metadata to enhance your Shopify store's multilingual SEO. Start Free Now More powerful features for easy Auto-Update  Translation Newly added or updated content is automatically detected and translated. Never waste time on manual tasks. Visual Translation  Editing Directly Edit your translations by using the Visual Editor. Additionally, easily backup your manual translations and restore it with a single click. Glossary Define and add terms,  brand, and product name to multilingual glossary. Avoid the repetitive task of editing the same terms. Image Translation Replace product and collection images to match for each language version, creating a customized shopping experience. Shopify App Translation Tranlate other Shopify apps by integrating with them, providing your customers with a tailored browsing experience. 24/7 Customer Support Rely on our expert support team to assist you whenever you might need help or have questions, we’re just a message away. Disover all features Join 78k companies using Langwill to go multilingual Your automation translation tools in one place 0 Supported languages 0 Supported currencies 0 + Serving customers 0 + billion Translation Generated Hear from our satisfied customers Quick response and they solved my problem only a few hours. The most reliable and helpful app I ever experienced Maxi Hawaiian Application that translates the whole site perfectly, their customer support helps you translate third-party applications that modify the site code, I recommend the application. Lotisand Amazing, easy to setup, and does all the hard work for you. Essential for any business needing multilingual pages. EDM TEMPLATES Really, this is good apps, what I finding for my shop, I tried multiple apps, this apps perfectly fit in my shop. Thank you so much for good customer services zarzin I really like the app, what I like the most is that the app is really easy to use with a lot of great features and a great service, u got ur problem really quick solved..really recommended www.lakrem.ch I have been looking a good translating app for a long time. Found this one and it is working best for me and my needs. Strongly recommend! Neo Art Studio Great app and has all functionalities that we need and asked for. All questions could be answered in a short time. Works smoothly and perfectly, thank you! Can definitely recommend it! Bookiepad App is quite easy to use, you can automatically translate everything then manually adjust the translations that aren’t accurate. Also support is very quick to respond, which is a big plus. Le Coin du Jeu CA This is extremely helpful if you are planning to target different markets. They not only translate the content but also localize it. Highly recommended. Thank you! Gesuny Quick response and they solved my problem only a few hours. The most reliable and helpful app I ever experienced Maxi Hawaiian Application that translates the whole site perfectly, their customer support helps you translate third-party applications that modify the site code, I recommend the application. Lotisand Amazing, easy to setup, and does all the hard work for you. Essential for any business needing multilingual pages. EDM TEMPLATES Really, this is good apps, what I finding for my shop, I tried multiple apps, this apps perfectly fit in my shop. Thank you so much for good customer services zarzin I really like the app, what I like the most is that the app is really easy to use with a lot of great features and a great service, u got ur problem really quick solved..really recommended www.lakrem.ch I have been looking a good translating app for a long time. Found this one and it is working best for me and my needs. Strongly recommend! Neo Art Studio Great app and has all functionalities that we need and asked for. All questions could be answered in a short time. Works smoothly and perfectly, thank you! Can definitely recommend it! Bookiepad App is quite easy to use, you can automatically translate everything then manually adjust the translations that aren’t accurate. Also support is very quick to respond, which is a big plus. Le Coin du Jeu CA This is extremely helpful if you are planning to target different markets. They not only translate the content but also localize it. Highly recommended. Thank you! Gesuny Frequently asked questions 1. How is the accuracy of Langwill’s translation? We leverage the power of neural machine translation from translation providers on the market, to give the most accurate translation return. Stay tuned for an even more precise AI translation engine that we will be offering in the future. 2.  Which pages can Langwill translate? Langwill can translate all pages of your Shopify store, including the Homepage, Product page, Collection page, Store theme, Blog, Shop metafields, meta tags, description tags and more. You can also use the visual editor feature to translate content from external products. 3. How is Langwill optimized for multilingual SEO? Langwill supports translate meta tags and description tagsand provides unique URLs for each language to enhance your store’s search engine visibility. When launching a multilingual website, you need to implement technical elements such as hreflang tags and create language subdirectories or subdomains. Both of these aspects can be managed with Langwill. 4. How to support multi currency in Langwill? Real-time currency conversion ensures accurate global pricing, automatically adjusting to your customer’s IP location for display. Please note, this feature is for display only and requires Shopify Payments for processing transactions in local currencies Ready to get started? Contact us Start Free Explore Our Brands Get in touch Over 78,000 companies use Langwill to localize their website. Grow your business, go international, today. Products Products Feature Pricing Resources Resources Help Center Customer Stories Shopify Demo Store Privacy Policy Terms of Service Partner Partner APP Partners © 2025 Langwill. All rights reserved. Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. English English USD CAD USD USD / English Language English Currency USD CAD USD Change USD / English Language English Currency USD CAD USD CHANGE Cancel