DOE/LANL Jurisdiction Fire Danger Rating:
Low
Skip To Content
Jobs
News & Media
Resources
Menu
Upgrading the Lab's Plutonium Facility

The Plutonium Facility, known as PF-4, plays a significant role in U.S. nuclear weapon stockpile stewardship. See key efforts underway to upgrade the facility and to prepare workers for in their roles.

SCIENCE

Genesis Mission to transform American science, innovation through AI computing revolution

COMMUNITY

Data analysts lend expertise to local organizations

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

LANL announces 2 new supercomputers

SCIENCE

Study: Hantavirus risk higher in drier, underdeveloped areas

SCIENCE

Exploration of solar system’s outer edges has New Mexican roots

Our mission
Los Alamos National Laboratory addresses national security challenges by advancing breakthroughs in science and technology. We work alongside the Department of Energy to support energy advancements and environmental management.
Learn more about our mission
Explore our science in action
LANL announces 2 new supercomputers

HPE, NVIDIA to partner on new Mission and Vision systems.

Eric Brown leads LANSCE into the future

An upgrade promises to extend the life and impact of our iconic proton accelerator.

Study finds higher hantavirus risk in drier, underdeveloped areas

Los Alamos first to look at variables to determine risk of the disease.

Lab launches frontier AI models on Venado supercomputer

Supercomputer running latest OpenAI reasoning models on NVIDIA Grace Hopper GPUs to accelerate national security-related science.

8 Los Alamos researchers named Laboratory Fellows

Scientists “exemplify the highest standards of scientific excellence."

Los Alamos National Lab at a glance
10

Research facilities

$2.6 million

To nonprofits in 2023 Employee Giving Campaign

70

Awards in 2023

27

Cultural resource projects

From the top of the mesa

We are 18,000+ people in New Mexico and beyond, with a shared goal to serve the common good.

Community
Safety
Collaborate
Featured news
All news
Data analysts lend expertise to local organizations

Annual Data Sprint helps groups gain insights.

Employees raise more than $420,000 for scholars
Hundreds of Manhattan Project artifacts provide a glimpse into the past
Students learn about STEM careers at summer camp
The Lab mitigates wildfire year-round
News
Publications
Podcasts
Videos
Voices of the Lab

Los Alamos National Laboratory is one of the world’s most innovative multidisciplinary research institutions.

Boston Marathon runners

EMPLOYEES

Ed Anderson

OPERATIONS

Hermelinda Coronado

JANITOR

Fatima Woody

COMPUTER SYSTEMS

Vernon Vigil

ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIST

Aaron Couture

EXPERIMENTAL NUCLEAR ASTROPHYSICIST

Start your career with us

You don’t need to be a scientist or engineer to work at the Lab. We offer a vast array of career opportunities for a variety of skill sets.

Start Search
Explore our history

We have a proud history of almost 80 years of science and innovation to protect the nation.

Bradbury Science Museum
National Security Research Center
Manhattan Project National Historic Park
Follow us

Keep up with the latest news from the Lab.

Visit Los Alamos National Laboratory Facebook Page
Visit Los Alamos National Laboratory on X (formerly Twitter)
Visit Los Alamos National Laboratory LinkedIn Page
Visit Los Alamos National Laboratory Instagram Page
Visit Los Alamos National Laboratory YouTube Channel

Los Alamos National Laboratory

P.O. Box 1663

Los Alamos, NM 87545

(505) 667-5061

AT THE LAB

Business Opportunities
Jobs
Organizations
Research Library
User Facilities

INFORMATION

Emergency
Ombuds
Reading Room
Resources
Science Museum

FOR EMPLOYEES

AskIT
LANLInside
MyMail
Training
Terms of Use/Privacy

Managed by Triad National Security, LLC for the U.S. Dept. of Energy’s NNSA

Copyright 2025 Triad National Security, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Learn about the Department of Energy’s Vulnerability Disclosure Program