Lantern | Unlock the full internet Lantern needs your help : Your donation powers a censorship-free internet for millions of people. Donate Now ! Download Better than a VPN Unlock the full internet Experience fast, reliable, and secure access to anything from anywhere Get Lantern Join over 150 million people who trust Lantern Join the Lantern VPN Beta We’re building a smarter, faster Lantern to serve both censored and uncensored countries.
If you live in a country with uncensored internet and want early access, sign up below. Sign Up What is a VPN, and where do they fall short? At its core, a VPN (Virtual Private Network) is a tool for safeguarding your online privacy. It creates a secure, encrypted pathway for your internet activity, keeping it hidden from unwanted observers. People use VPNs for a variety of reasons. These include enhanced security on public Wi-Fi, better privacy by hiding your location, and accessing geo-restricted content. Traditional VPNs struggle to give you consistent access to blocked websites and apps. While VPNs offer some benefits, they have limitations. Traditional VPNs are easy to detect, making it straightforward for network monitors to block them. They also rely on a limited set of IP addresses that service providers or governments can easily restrict. As a result, traditional VPNs struggle to give you consistent access to blocked websites and apps. Goodbye internet restrictions How is Lantern different? Lantern is more than a VPN.  It's designed to overcome the toughest internet restrictions, surpassing the capabilities of traditional VPNs. Thanks to continuous innovation and close collaboration with leading academic technologists, Lantern ensures you can access any online content with ease. Uninterrupted connectivity Lantern's extensive network, with over 50,000 IP addresses, far exceeds other services. We shuffle your IP address regularly to ensure your connection is always secure and uninterrupted, giving you reliable access at all times. Blend in with stealth Protocols Lantern's rigorously tested, evolving set of open-source protocols blend in with regular internet traffic. This keeps your VPN usage discreet and effective, ensuring you stay unblocked and undetected. Unrivaled Performance Lantern outperforms other VPNs in the face of tough network restrictions. We're constantly evolving to ensure you get fast, reliable, and secure access to the unrestricted internet. Get Lantern Stay connected across all of your devices Android Windows iOS Mac Linux Features Features Easy One-Click Connection Connect effortlessly with one click, designed for simplicity and ease of use—no technical knowledge or complex setup needed. Customizable Split tunneling Customize your experience by choosing which apps use Lantern's service, or let us automatically choose which apps to unblock for you. Enhanced Security with Trusted IPs Lantern sources premium IPs from trusted providers, ensuring your safety, and maintaining the integrity of your connection. Superior Speed with Innovative Protocols Lantern’s advanced protocols cut through congestion to deliver faster connection speeds than traditional VPNs. No Logs Your privacy is our priority. Lantern's no-log policy means we don't collect data that could be used to identify you. Get access to anything, from anywhere Discover why over 150 million people rely on Lantern to access the content they need. Get Lantern — Testimonials What people are saying about Lantern Tweets Reviews Instead of any other VPN, Just use the Lantern, which allows you to access the internet by bypassing restrictions. MariaSTsehai I always choose Lantern; I use it exclusively and have never had a problem, not even for a single day! Edito_r5 Lantern is the best VPN in the world. Bluehana86 Download Android iOS Windows Mac Linux Company Mission FAQ Support Careers Donate Donate Cryptocurrency Censorship-Circumvention SDK Unbounded Resellers Contact [email protected] [email protected] Copyright © 2025 Brave New Software Project, A 501c3 nonprofit Terms of Service Privacy Policy DMCA Transparency Report