Los Angeles Review of Books ⇨ Sign In Join Reviews Essays Interviews Quarterly Journal Podcasts Workshops Events Shop About Membership Donate We Are Close, We Are Almost There Zachary Gillan reflects on Jeffrey Ford’s ‘Well-Built City Trilogy’ in the era of resurgent fascism. Zachary Gillan Dec 30 SF Politics Featured Exhibit Harun Farocki German filmmaker, video artist, theorist and writer Harun Farocki’s work is featured in the “Security” issue of the LARB Quarterly . More from Harun Farocki View all artists Two Poems by Dalia Taha Dalia Taha writes on Palestine and the messages etched into the land, in two poems from LARB Quarterly no. 47, ‘Security,’ translated by Sara Elkamel. Dalia Taha , Sara Elkamel Dec 30 Poetry LARB Lit Designing Feminism or Fascism? Harley Wong on fashion designer Dilara Findikoglu’s ‘Cage of Innocence’ presentation in light of Edith Wharton’s fiction. Harley Wong Dec 29 Cultural Studies Gender & Sexuality Rhoni Blankenhorn’s ‘Mirror’ Rhoni Blankenhorn confronts her changing self, in a poem from LARB Quarterly no. 47, ‘Security.’ Rhoni Blankenhorn Dec 29 LARB Lit Poetry Mug Shot Matriarchy Jake Flanagin examines how reality TV juggernaut Bravo and its ‘Real Housewives’ spin criminality into character development—and ratings gold. Jake Flanagin Dec 28 Television Cultural Studies Fantastical Transcendence and the Magic of Resistance Ruth Joffre digs into a new anthology of speculative writing about resistance, edited by Karen Lord, Annalee Newitz, and Malka Older. Ruth Joffre Dec 28 SF LARB is more than a magazine. LARB is a community of inspired readers, writers, and thinkers. Keep the conversation going strong and help us reach our year-end goal. Donate today. Have dinner with a literary luminary. On January 24, 2026, acclaimed journalist and author Susan Orlean will be joined in conversation by music critic and fellow writer Alex Ross at the historic Thomas Mann House. Tickets will be on sale soon; exclusive early access is available to donors of $1,000+ to LARB’s year-end fund drive. Get early access to tickets. 2026 Publishing Workshop Launch your career in publishing! Join an online intensive program featuring workshops in book and magazine publishing and networking opportunities with 60+ speakers from presses, magazines, and literary organizations across the country. Apply by March 15. Apply by March 15 Help us keep LARB paywall-free. Become a member today! FROM THE FORTHCOMING ISSUE An Apocalypse for Every Epoch Emmett Rensin writes on eco-grief, the climate dirge, and one Armenian monk in a new hybrid fiction-cum-essay from LARB Quarterly no. 47, “Security.” Emmett Rensin Dec 13 LARB Lit Fiction FROM THE FORTHCOMING ISSUE Filthy Matters Calvin Gimpelevich writes on the history and politics of public bathrooms, in this essay from LARB Quarterly no. 47, “Security.” Calvin Gimpelevich Dec 9 LARB Lit History Until My People Are Free Diba Mohtasham speaks with pop star Faegheh Atashin, a.k.a. Googoosh, about her new memoir. Diba Mohtasham Dec 27 Memoir & Essay Biography & Autobiography Everybody Loves a Lover Janna Jones writes about the history and resonances of ‘Love Tapes,’ Wendy Clarke’s 1980s video project. Janna Jones Dec 27 Television Cultural Studies Film Special Show: Jenny Slate and Sarah Manguso LARB Radio Hour Dec 26 LARB Radio Hour Made in America Josh Safdie’s “Marty Supreme” and the mythmaking around a monoculture masterpiece. Sam Bodrojan Dec 26 Film SILVER SCREEN Culture Never Recovered From his rear window, M. Keith Booker reads the new anthology of stories inspired by Alfred Hitchcock, edited by Maxim Jakubowski. M. Keith Booker Dec 15 Film Noir TRAFFIC JAM Saints of the Middlebrow Jon Repetti considers Jeremy Rosen’s “Genre Bending: The Plasticity of Form in Contemporary Literary Fiction.” Jon Repetti Dec 9 Literary Criticism CITY OF ANGELS Still Not Geriatric: Archiving a Teenage Riot Grrrl Band Martin Wong catches up with SoCal punk band Emily’s Sassy Lime upon their reunion for the California Biennial. Martin Wong Nov 30 Art & Architecture Music THE SOCIAL NETWORK Your Life Is Not a Plot Nada Alic speaks with Halle Butler about social satire, writing humor, and her newest novel, “Banal Nightmare.” Nada Alic Dec 6 Fiction Get the best of LARB in your inbox. Subscribe Latest Paint, Personae, and the Mysteries of (Not) Making It Jeff Stimmel considers the art and tumultuous life of Chuck Connelly. Jeff Stimmel Dec 26 Art & Architecture Cowardice In a story from LARB Quarterly no. 47: “Security,” Hannah Liberman’s narrator—who has a “lemon-sized” tumor in her throat—faces a possible cancer diagnosis that forces her to confront her memories, relationships, and losses. Hannah Liberman Dec 25 LARB Lit Fiction God Bites the Dust Scott Bradfield interviews S. T. Joshi about the second volume of “The Downfall of God.” Scott Bradfield Dec 25 Philosophy & Religion History Strange Woofs Rowland Bagnall reads the previously uncollected dream songs of John Berryman. Rowland Bagnall Dec 24 Poetry Mute Thought Thomas Waller on Lygia Clark at Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin. Thomas Waller Dec 24 Art & Architecture Popular Made in America Sam Bodrojan Dec 26 When Story Loses the Plot Hannah H. Kim Dec 20 Filthy Matters Calvin Gimpelevich Dec 9 Isengard in Oxford Christian Kriticos Dec 17 Fascist Pleasures and Failed Satire David Shipko Dec 23 Against High Brodernism Federico Perelmuter Feb 22 Still Got It Zach Gibson Dec 14 Enuf Is Enuf Tom LeClair Oct 28 Around the World Art & Architecture Biography & Autobiography Comics Cultural Studies Dear Television Decolonize | Defund | Abolish Documentary Shorts Economics and Finance Education Environment Fiction Film Food & Drink Gender & Sexuality Histories of Violence History Humor LARB AV LARB Ball LARB Lit LARB Radio Hour Law Literary Criticism Literary Fiction Memoir & Essay Music Noir Nonfiction Pasts Imperfect Philosophy & Religion Photographer Spotlight Poetry Politics Religion Remaking the University Science & Technology SF SHORT TAKES Sports Television Travel Two Roads: Poetry Reviews in Dialogue Virtual Events Writing Sex Young Adult & Children’s Literature Double your impact. Support LARB and our mission to sustain independent and paywall-free writing on literature, culture, and the arts. All gifts we receive between now and December 31 will be matched up to $100K by an anonymous donor. Please support LARB by becoming a member or donating today. Donor Fully tax deductible Help us keep criticism, publishing, and the literary arts accessible for all. Donate Member Starting at $10/mo or $100/yr Get all issues of the LARB Quarterly, access to exclusive events, special discounts, & more. Join Gift Member Starting at $10/mo or $100/yr Give the gift of LARB this holiday season. Give Fault Lines What our editors can’t stop thinking about, from cultural research and reporting to political commentary and coverage of current events. Drawing America’s Brutal Imagination Justin A. Davis writes on Ralph Bakshi’s controversial film “Coonskin” for its 50th anniversary, in a preview of the LARB Quarterly no. 47, “Security.” Justin A. Davis Dec 16 Film Cultural Studies Run for the Sun, Little One Carly Mattox considers recent critiques of imperialist nostalgia via Danny Boyle’s “28 Years Later” and Adam Curtis’s “Shifty.” Carly Mattox Dec 10 Film Television Freeing the Library Aaron Boehmer writes about community libraries and the importance of accessible archival and literary resources in these times. Aaron Boehmer Dec 5 Politics Cultural Studies Racialized Economic Piracy Joel Edward Goza dives into Calvin Schermerhorn’s new study of American history, tracing a financial pattern of racial exploitation that’s woven into the nation’s fabric. Joel Edward Goza Nov 30 History Vantage Points Long-form views on literature, art, and experience from LARB’s online magazine and print Quarterly. Beginning to See the Light Rowland Bagnall dives into the early work of Stephen Shore, newly collected by MACK. Rowland Bagnall Dec 13 Art & Architecture A Fierce and Complicated Compassion Alix Christie considers Susan Straight’s challenging yet crucial portraits of an “overlooked” California. Alix Christie Dec 9 Fiction Memoir & Essay The Fascist Cinematic Universe Tim Brinkhof considers Joe Wright’s new Mussolini miniseries as a flawed representation of the rise of fascism in Italy. Tim Brinkhof Dec 7 Television History No More Heroes Clara Cuccaro considers the “myth of resistance” in Joachim Trier’s newest film, “Sentimental Value.” Clara Cuccaro Nov 28 Film History Short Takes Brief dispatches from L.A.’s arts and culture scenes. Courtesy of LARB’s local columnists and occasional correspondents. Hail, Caesar Friends, Romans, countrymen: Nathan Jefferson lends his ears (and eyes) to the immersive “Julius Caesar” production at Heritage Square Museum. Nathan Jefferson May 8 The Whole Idea of Knowing the Truth Elizabeth Barton trawls through the newly opened Joan Didion archives at New York Public Library to learn about the making of the author’s first book. Elizabeth Barton Apr 30 Jackpot! “Nothing is clearly defined” in Julia Yerger’s art exhibition, which Keith J. Varadi finds to be a big win. Keith J. Varadi Mar 17 My Date at the Holocaust Ballet Dorie Chevlen attends “Memoryhouse,” an abstract, cinematic performance that still managed to dance around comparisons to contemporary injustices. Dorie Chevlen Feb 12 View all Short Takes LARB Radio Hour Sarah Schulman’s “The Fantasy and Necessity of Solidarity” Eric Newman and Kate Wolf speak with Sarah Schulman about her latest book, “The Fantasy and Necessity of Solidarity.” LARB Radio Hour May 2 LARB Radio Hour The Shit Show In this special episode, hosts Kate Wolf, Medaya Ocher, and Eric Newman discuss how Big Tech dreams—from iPhones to social media to AI—have become nightmares. LARB Radio Hour Oct 31 LARB Radio Hour Kelly Reichardt's “Mastermind” Filmmaker Kelly Reichardt talks to Kate Wolf and Medaya Ocher about her new movie, “The Mastermind,” out in theaters now. LARB Radio Hour Oct 24 LARB Radio Hour Grace Byron’s “Herculine” Medaya Ocher and Eric Newman speak with writer Grace Byron about her debut novel, “Herculine.” LARB Radio Hour Oct 17 LARB Radio Hour View all Radio Hour episodes The LARB Quarterly LARB Quarterly, no. 47: Security Brace yourself, new essays, fiction, poetry, art, and comics are here. Hunker down with the LARB Quarterly no 47: Security , exploring vulnerability, loss, and refuge. Subscribe Los Angeles Review of Books The Granada Buildings 672 S. La Fayette Park Place, Suite 30 Los Angeles, CA 90057 The Los Angeles Review of Books is a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting and disseminating rigorous, incisive, and engaging writing on every aspect of literature, culture, and the arts. Masthead Supporters Volunteer Newsletter News & Press Shop Contact Privacy Policy General Inquiries info@lareviewofbooks.org Membership Inquiries membership@lareviewofbooks.org Editorial Inquiries editorial@lareviewofbooks.org Press Inquiries press@lareviewofbooks.org Advertising Inquiries adsales@lareviewofbooks.org Purchasing Inquiries shop@lareviewofbooks.org