Homepage - Larian Studios One Account Growing
Possibilities A Larian Studios account gives you access to our online services, such as Cross Save and Cross Play, as
            well as exclusive content. Join our party by creating a new account below. Create Account Explore Our Games Divinity Baldur's Gate 3 Divinity Original Sin II Divinity Original Sin - Enhanced Edition Dragon Commander Divinity II: Developer's Cut Beyond Divinity Divine Divinity Divinity Baldur's Gate 3 Divinity Original Sin II Divinity Original Sin - Enhanced Edition Dragon Commander Divinity II: Developer's Cut Beyond Divinity Divine Divinity Home page Larian.com Official Merch Larian Forum Larian studios Career Your Larian Account Careers Press Presskit Contact details Support News Forums Merch Contact More Account Login Create account Games Divinity Baldur's Gate 3 Divinity Original Sin II Divinity Original Sin - Enhanced Edition Dragon Commander Divinity II: Developers Cut Beyond Divinity Divine Divinity Careers Merch North America Europe Asia Pacific News Support Press Presskit Contact details Forums Contact Merch Baldur's Gate 3 Deluxe Edition Buy now Divinity The gods are silent. Rivellon bleeds. New powers stir. Built by the team who brought you Baldur's Gate 3, Larian Studios unchains its ambitions to bring you an RPG with greater breadth & depth than ever before. Watch Trailer Board Game DIVINITY: ORIGINAL SIN - THE BOARDGAME The battle for Divinity has begun. 
Choose wisely and trust sparingly; darkness lurks within every heart. BUY NOW Baldur's Gate 3 BALDUR'S GATE 3 DELUXE EDITION The multi-award winning RPG Baldur’s Gate 3 released to the mortal plane.
Fill your mantelpiece with feelies while you fill your heart with adventure. BUY NOW Social media Instagram Our games Baldur's Gate 3 An ancient evil has returned to Baldur’s Gate, intent on devouring it from the inside out. The fate of Faerûn lies in your hands. Alone, you may resist. But together, you can overcome. Gather your party. Game website Our games Divinity Original Sin 2: DEFINITIVE EDITION Master deep, tactical combat. Join up to 3 other players - but know that only one of you will have the chance to become a God. Game website Our games Divinity Original Sin ENHANCED EDITION Get ready for a back-to-the-roots RPG adventure! Discuss your decisions with companions; fight foes in turn-based combat; explore an open world and interact with everything and everyone you see. Game website Our games DIVINITY DRAGON COMMANDER You are the Dragon Commander. Your mission it is to reunite a broken empire and become the new emperor. Success depends entirely on your ability to efficiently rule your empire, build invincible armies and lead them to victory. Game website Our games DIVINITY II Dragons: they have been hunted, they have been slain, but now the hour to strike back has come. Break free from the confines of the human body and take to the skies in this epic RPG adventure that challenges your wits and pits you against a thousand foes. Spread your wings, burn your enemies: become the dragon! Game website Our games BEYOND DIVINITY Beyond Divinity is the follow-up to the award-winning Divine Divinity. Soul-forged with a Death Knight, your fate is to spend the rest of eternity bonded to this creature of evil, unless you can undo his curse...prepare for your greatest adventure! Game website Our games DIVINE DIVINITY Divine Divinity is an epic role-playing game with hack-and-slash action, offering a huge world to explore and thousands of items to investigate, trade and use. Game website Game available on: pc mac playstation xbox pc xbox playstation nintendo mac pc xbox playstation pc pc xbox pc pc Merch Larian merch store Discover Larian's Merch Store! From Baldur's Gate 3's Deluxe Edition to Divinity graphic novels, check out our
        exclusive range of collectibles, apparel and more. Visit the store Divinity Original Sin The Boardgame buy now €150.00 Godwoken - Graphic Novel buy now €29.99 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Deluxe Edition PC buy now €79.99 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Deluxe Edition PS5 buy now €79.99 Haunted Keep Expansion Pack buy now €50.00 Divinity: Original Sin 2 - Golden Vinyl buy now €39.00 Larian Desk Pad (DOS2 Game Master Mode) buy now €35.00 Miniatures Upgrade Set buy now €120.00 Nemesis Expansion Pack buy now €50.00 Nightmare Dungeon Expansion Pack buy now €30.00 Artwork from Baldur's Gate 3 buy now €49.99 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Owlbear Beanie buy now €35.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Best Friends T-Shirt buy now €35.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 Vinyl buy now €59.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Long Rest T-Shirt buy now €35.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Mind Flayer Poster buy now €15.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Absolute Pin Set buy now €25.00 Divinity Original Sin 2 - Spells Lanyard buy now €10.00 Larian Beer Coaster (Pack of 4) buy now €15.00 T-Shirt: Badger buy now €25.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Logo Beanie buy now €25.00 Baldur’s Gate 3 - Deluxe Edition Xbox buy now €79.99 Baldur's Gate 3 - Mind Flayer logo t-shirt buy now €35.00 Larianite buy now €35.00 Possessed By Demons buy now €25.00 Demons, Begone - I'm Taken! buy now €30.00 Divine Dice  - Larian Studios Dice Set buy now €20.00 OUR AWARDS A Success Driven by Passion Founded in 1996, Larian Studios has long been dedicated to creating world-class video games. The team is known for the critically acclaimed Divinity series - six games that straddle multiple genres and defy expectations. Its first crowdfunded success, Divinity: Original Sin, won over 150 awards and nominations, while its sequel Divinity: Original Sin 2 launched with a 93 Metacritic rating, as well as over 160 awards. Its latest game, Baldur's Gate 3, launched to critical acclaim, receiving over 200 Game of the Year Awards, including the five major trophies from the BAFTA Game, Golden Joysticks, Game Developers Choice, DICE, and The Game Awards. Show All Show All About us WE WORK TOGETHER AND EVERY VOICE COUNTS In 1996, in a small office in Ghent, Belgium, Larian Studios was born. Since then, our passion to create a
        world class video games has driven the Divinity series - six games that straddle multiple genres and defy
        expectations. Our first crowdfunded success, Divinity: Original Sin, won over 150 awards and nominations, and
        the recently-released sequel Divinity: Original Sin 2 launched with a 93 Metacritic rating, as well as over
        160 awards (Including the Bafta for Best Multiplayer Game) and counting! Thanks to the success of these two
        games, our family has grown to over 300 people around the world, working in our Ghent, Quebec, Dublin, Kuala
        Lumpur, Guildford and Barcelona studios. Our latest title Baldur's Gate 3 released in 2023 to critical acclaim
        and is now listed among Metacritic's Must-Play games. Our Studios: Careers Open positions With multiple awards to our name, Larian Studios has proven that we’re dedicated to delivering high-quality role-playing games. As we move on to new projects, the studio that brought you Baldur’s Gate 3 & Divinity: Original Sin 2 is looking for talented individuals to join our team and help us in crafting the high-caliber games our fans have come to expect. Job opportunities All Open positions Open applications Internships No elements found. Consider changing the search query. List is empty. Work type All Fixed term employment Full -time No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters Location Any location Barcelona Dublin Gent Guildford Kuala Lumpur Quebec Warsaw No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters Team All teams Audio Character Art Concept & 2D Art Engine Programming Finance Gameplay Animation Gameplay Programming HR & Recruitment Information Technology Localisation Production RPG Design Technical Animation Tools Programming VFX Art No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters Open positions Open applications Internships Location Any location Barcelona Dublin Gent Guildford Kuala Lumpur Quebec Warsaw No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters Team All teams Audio Character Art Concept & 2D Art Engine Programming Finance Gameplay Animation Gameplay Programming HR & Recruitment Information Technology Localisation Production RPG Design Technical Animation Tools Programming VFX Art No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters Work type All Fixed term employment Full -time No elements found. Consider changing the search query. No options for current filters Clear filters position: team: Work type: Junior Sound Designer Quebec Audio Full -time Apply Soundscape Designer Guildford Audio Fixed term employment Apply Character Artist Quebec Character Art Full -time Apply Senior Character Artist Warsaw Character Art Full -time Apply Character Artist Kuala Lumpur Character Art Full -time Apply Senior Character Concept Artist Warsaw Concept & 2D Art Full -time Apply Associate Lead Engine Programmer Quebec Engine Programming Full -time Apply Associate Lead Engine Programmer Warsaw , Barcelona Engine Programming Full -time Apply Financial Controller Dublin Finance Full -time Apply Gameplay Animator (12 Months FTC) Gent Gameplay Animation Full -time Apply 1 2 3 OF 4 Haven't found the role for you? Open application social media get closer to us Making games is an adventure. Follow us on our social media channels to join us on our journey and experience the adventure for yourself. Facebook Twitter Instagram Instagram Youtube Twitch Steam Discord Games Divinity Baldur's Gate 3 Divinity: Original Sin II Divinity: Original Sin Dragon Commander Divinity II: Developer's Cut Beyond Divinity Divine Divinity Careers Presskit Presskit Contact Details Forums Support Contact Support Business Copyrights © Larian Studios. All rights reserved. All company names, brand names, trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Cookies settings | Privacy policy | Fan content policy