Home Skip to content CITY OF LAS VEGAS Translate Español 中文 Tagalog 한국어 Tiếng Việt แบบไทย አማርኛ English Search Residents Visitors Business Government Pay News Contact Residents Visitors Business Government Pay News Contact Residents Resident Services Education Events Parks & Facilities Activities and Classes Arts & Culture New Residents Permits & Licenses Rentals Grants Parking & Transportation History Visitors Downtown Events Arts & Culture Parks & Facilities Parking & Transportation History Business Economic Development Business License Planning & Zoning Permits & Licenses Purchasing Government Mayor & City Council Judges Municipal Court Meetings & Agendas Initiatives Departments Elections Transparency Public Safety Services Boards & Commissions Maps Jobs News News Releases Watch KCLV TV Contact Directory Customer Care Quick Tasks & Search Use this tool to quickly find a resource or task. Search Top Requests Parking File A Notice Of Claim Municipal Court Business Licenses Permits & Licenses Sewer Bills Jobs Public Records Street Performer Lottery Safekey Find Your Ward Meetings & Agendas Laws & Codes Report A Problem Permit/Project Status Inmate Search Citizen Portal News New Year's Eve Where to catch the fireworks and much more. Learn More Parks & Centers Find a park or community center near you and discover the fun. Learn More This Is Where Business Thrives Authentic cultures. United communities. Unparalleled opportunities. Take your business beyond The Strip. Learn More Get Tickets Now Check out our performances from concerts to plays, dance and more. Learn More Las Vegas History The city of Las Vegas has a unique and interesting history. Learn More Previous Next Latest Updates Previous Next Discover The Fun Check Out Events And Activities Don't Miss Free Events Sign Up For Email Newsletters Meetings & Agendas View Upcoming Meetings And Agendas Featured Video Live Web Cam From Downtown Las Vegas City Priorities Previous Next Healthcare The Las Vegas Medical District is the center of academic medicine in the city of Las Vegas. Learn more City Priorities Previous Next Economic Diversification The city of Las Vegas is a hub for technology and innovation and is open for business. Learn more City Priorities Previous Next Public Safety Public safety is a top priority. The city of Las Vegas provides fire, medical and law enforcement services. Learn more City Priorities Previous Next Housing & Homelessness The city of Las Vegas is working to make housing more available, prevent homelessness and connect those living on the streets to services. Learn more City Statistics 41.7 million Number of people who visit Las Vegas annually 142 Number of square miles in the city of Las Vegas 1905 A land auction is held marking the beginning of the city of Las Vegas 130 Number of parks and facilities Meet Your City Council Las Vegas City Council The Las Vegas City Council is made up of seven members elected by city residents. Learn More History Learn about the neon, pioneers, organized crime, law enforcement and more that make up the city’s unique history. Learn More Connect with us Subscribe and Follow Sign up for the city newsletters and quickly get the latest information. Enter Email Address Submit Las Vegas City Hall 495 S. Main St. Las Vegas, NV 89101 Phone: (702) 229-6011 TTY 7-1-1 An All-America City Translate Español 中國人 Tagalog 한국어 Tiếng Việt แบบไทย አማርኛ English Sitemap Residents Visitors Business Government Pay News Contact City Information Transparency Privacy Policy Accessibility Contact Us Title VI Employee Portal Report Fraud Copyright 2025 by city of Las Vegas