Las Vegas Sun News December 31, 2025 Log in |Register My Account |Log out News Business Sports Politics Opinion Entertainment Calendar Raiders Podcasts Las Vegas Weekly Subscribe Betting High School Sports UNLV Sports En Espanol Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Sun Shop Newsletter News Business Sports VGK Raiders Rebels High School Betting Politics Opinion Entertainment Smith's World Podcasts Weather Sun Shop Log in |Register My Account |Log out Your guide to the best entertainment for New Year’s Eve in Las Vegas Posted 2:00 a.m. From nightclub megaparties to headlining performances, find all the action and get ready to ring in 2026. More News College football by the odds: Bowl Pick'em against the spread Part 4 Posted 2:00 a.m. Guest column: Teens’ passion, compassion highlight discussions at youth forum Posted 2:00 a.m. A's announce Soderstrom deal at future Las Vegas home Posted 9:45 p.m. How to throw an effortless, last-minute New Year’s Eve party Posted 2:00 a.m. Man arrested in fatal shooting at Las Vegas street takeover Posted 4:44 p.m. Chip Kelly is named offensive coordinator at Northwestern. Can he repair his reputation? Posted 9:34 p.m. Breaking News » Today's News » Wednesday's Paper » With fireworks, drones and 340,000 revelers, Las Vegas stands ready to ring in 2026 Posted 2:00 a.m. Among the highlights, when the clock strikes midnight, a fireworks display will erupt from the rooftops of multiple Strip properties, lighting up the valley in spectacular fashion … A woman votes accompanied by her son at the Allegiant Stadium polling place, Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024, in Las Vegas. Photo by John Locher/AP Photo by Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms Posted 2:00 a.m. ⋅ Associated Press If history is a guide, Republicans stand a good chance of losing control of the House of Representatives in 2026. They have just a slim majority in the chamber ... U.S. & World ICE doesn't plan to detain Kilmar Abrego Garcia again as long as judge's order banning it stands Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Democrat Renee Hardman wins Iowa state Senate seat, blocking GOP from reclaiming a supermajority Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Mali and Burkina Faso impose retaliatory travel ban on US nationals National Guard arrives in New Orleans for 1st New Year's since Bourbon Street attack What music and television to stream: A New Year's Eve tradition and a 'Stranger Things' sendoff All U.S. World Washington Nation World Your Guide to Everything Las Vegas Bruno Mars closes out 2025 with shows in Las Vegas Barry Manilow announces lung cancer surgery and arena show cancelations News Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds A Basset Fauve De Bretagne stands for photographs during a Meet the Breeds event February 22, 2022 in San Diego. (David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP)

 Photo by:
                        


        
            
                David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP Posted 9:34 p.m. They're ready to embark on 2026. Three more dog breeds joined the American Kennel Club's roster of recognized breeds on Tuesday, making them eligible for many U.S. dog shows ... Former Republican Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona announces dementia diagnosis Two trains taking tourists to Peru's Machu Picchu collide, killing at least 1 person and injuring 30, officials say Opinion Latest editorial cartoon by Mike Smith » Editorial: With Trump’s thumb on the scale, Epstein files were bound to be redacted New mothers are tempted by Ozempic but don’t have the data they need No apologies from those who denigrate US diversity efforts Letters » More Opinion » Las Vegas Weekly Your guide to the best entertainment for New Year’s Eve in Las Vegas From nightclub megaparties to headlining performances, find all the action and get ready to ring in 2026. A's announce Soderstrom deal at future Las Vegas home New Year’s resolutions from Las Vegans building community and culture Sponsored Featured A woman votes accompanied by her son at the Allegiant Stadium polling place, Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024, in Las Vegas. Photo by John Locher/AP Photo by Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms Posted 2:00 a.m. ⋅ Associated Press If history is a guide, Republicans stand a good chance of losing control of the House of Representatives in 2026. They have just a slim majority in the chamber ... Breaking News With fireworks, drones and 340,000 revelers, Las Vegas stands ready to ring in 2026 Dec 31, 2025 (2 a.m.) By Grace Da Rocha Among the highlights, when the clock strikes midnight, a fireworks display will erupt from the rooftops of multiple Strip properties, lighting up the valley in spectacular fashion … Your guide to the best entertainment for New Year’s Eve in Las Vegas Dec 24, 2025 (2 a.m.) By Brock Radke From nightclub megaparties to headlining performances, find all the action and get ready to ring in 2026. College football by the odds: Bowl Pick'em against the spread Part 4 Dec 31, 2025 (2 a.m.) By Case Keefer A team with a bye in the first round has never won a game in the current iteration of the College Football Playoff.  ... Guest column: Teens’ passion, compassion highlight discussions at youth forum Dec 31, 2025 (2 a.m.) By Olivia York The New York Times, in its 174 years of existence, shows 617 results when searching the term “teen apathy.” There are 136 results of the same term at The Washington Post. The concept is even mentioned in the questions provided to me by the Las Vegas Sun. A's announce Soderstrom deal at future Las Vegas home Dec 30, 2025 (9:45 p.m.) Mark Anderson, Associated Press The setting of the Athletics' news conference Tuesday was at least as notable as the reason why the parties were there. How to throw an effortless, last-minute New Year’s Eve party Dec 24, 2025 (2 a.m.) Jesse O'Brien Take the ornaments off the tree and replace them with silver and gold tinsel, New Year’s glasses and other accessories guests can keep. Man arrested in fatal shooting at Las Vegas street takeover Dec 30, 2025 (4:44 p.m.) By Las Vegas Sun  Staff A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fatal shooting that occurred during an illegal street takeover in Las Vegas last month, Metro Police said this afternoon Chip Kelly is named offensive coordinator at Northwestern. Can he repair his reputation? Dec 30, 2025 (9:34 p.m.) Steve Henson Los Angeles Times (TNS) Chip Kelly didn't land on his feet by taking the offensive coordinator position at Northwestern on Tuesday, a month after the Las Vegas Raiders fired him. All Breaking News » Most Read Kennedy Center renaming prompts new round of cancellations from artists Dec 30, 2025 (10:57 a.m.) Associated Press After Trump ousted the Kennedy Center board and named himself the institution's chairman in February, performer Issa Rae and the producers of “Hamilton” cancelled scheduled engagements while musicians Ben Folds and Renee Fleming stepped down from advisory roles. ... Scalley steps in as Utah's coach for the Las Vegas Bowl after Whittingham's departure Dec 30, 2025 (10:50 a.m.) Associated Press Scalley has quite a challenge in following a coach largely responsible for the Utes being a Power Four program. ... UNLV basketball opens on 21-0 scoring run in home victory Dec 30, 2025 (8:22 a.m.) By Las Vegas Sun  Staff Four UNLV players scored in double figures Monday night in an 89-47 victory against NAIA La Sierra of California to close nonleague play. Wrestling meets comedy in upcoming Roastlemania IX: Redemption at Wiseguys Dec 30, 2025 (10 a.m.) By Gabriela Rodriguez Roastlemania is a live roast format filtered through the theatrics of professional wrestling, with comics facing off in curated pairings. Police: Man arrested for allegedly killing grandmother in Las Vegas Dec 30, 2025 (12:21 p.m.) By Las Vegas Sun  Staff A 41-year-old man was arrested Monday on suspicion of fatally stabbing his grandmother at her east Las Vegas residence, police said. Most Popular » U.S. & World ICE doesn't plan to detain Kilmar Abrego Garcia again as long as judge's order banning it stands Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Democrat Renee Hardman wins Iowa state Senate seat, blocking GOP from reclaiming a supermajority Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Mali and Burkina Faso impose retaliatory travel ban on US nationals National Guard arrives in New Orleans for 1st New Year's since Bourbon Street attack What music and television to stream: A New Year's Eve tradition and a 'Stranger Things' sendoff All U.S. World Washington Nation World Your Guide to Everything Las Vegas Bruno Mars closes out 2025 with shows in Las Vegas Barry Manilow announces lung cancer surgery and arena show cancelations News Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds A Basset Fauve De Bretagne stands for photographs during a Meet the Breeds event February 22, 2022 in San Diego. (David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP)

 Photo by:
                        


        
            
                David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP Posted 9:34 p.m. They're ready to embark on 2026. Three more dog breeds joined the American Kennel Club's roster of recognized breeds on Tuesday, making them eligible for many U.S. dog shows ... Former Republican Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona announces dementia diagnosis Two trains taking tourists to Peru's Machu Picchu collide, killing at least 1 person and injuring 30, officials say Opinion Latest editorial cartoon by Mike Smith » Editorial: With Trump’s thumb on the scale, Epstein files were bound to be redacted New mothers are tempted by Ozempic but don’t have the data they need No apologies from those who denigrate US diversity efforts Letters » More Opinion » Las Vegas Weekly Your guide to the best entertainment for New Year’s Eve in Las Vegas From nightclub megaparties to headlining performances, find all the action and get ready to ring in 2026. A's announce Soderstrom deal at future Las Vegas home New Year’s resolutions from Las Vegans building community and culture Photo Galleries photo_camera arrow_left_alt arrow_right_alt subtitles subtitles_off open_in_full close_fullscreen All galleries » Most Popular 1 Kennedy Center renaming prompts new round of cancellations from artists 2 Scalley steps in as Utah's coach for the Las Vegas Bowl after Whittingham's departure 3 UNLV basketball opens on 21-0 scoring run in home victory 4 Wrestling meets comedy in upcoming Roastlemania IX: Redemption at Wiseguys 5 Police: Man arrested for allegedly killing grandmother in Las Vegas Scene on the Sun Entertainment: 2025 in review Guide: New Year's Eve Guide: Events listing Featured Galleries Editorial cartoons of 2025 Minnesota Wild Defeat Golden Knights, 5-2 Giants Defeat Raiders, 34-10 More photos » AP Headlines Loading Content... News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Privacy Policy Awards My Account Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine Vegas2Go Follow us: © Las Vegas Sun, 2025 , All Rights Reserved GREENSPUN MEDIA GROUP - P.O. Box 94018 Las Vegas, NV 89193 © Las Vegas Sun Mobile Privacy Policy