State Forests Strona główna Lasów Państwowych Przejdź do menu głównego Przejdź do treści Przejdź do wyszukiwarki State Forests Welcome Forestry Professionals Navigation Toggle navigation Strona główna OUR FORESTS Polish forests Promotional Forest Complexes OUR WORK SF National Forest Holding History Organization Mission Forest resources Forest use Forest management Nature conservation Certification Hunting TOURISM Tourism in The State Forests The State Forests’ Centres TIMBER Multipurpose material Where does the wood come from? Polish bestseller EDUCATION Education in The State Forests OSPREYS ONLINE EUROPEAN BISON ONLINE INFORMATION All about Bialowieża Forest MINISTER OF THE ENVIRONMENT ON THE OPINION OF THE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF CJEU The european spruce bark beetle attack intensifies The foresters to ensure safety in the Białowieża Forest Position of the Board of The Podlaskie Province on the protection of the Białowieża Forest Opinion of the Scientific Council for Forestry Position of the Białowieża Forest World Heritage Position of the Podlaskie Regional Assembly Position of the Scientific Council of the Institute of Dendrology Open letter of Andrzej Konieczny, Undersecretary of State to the AFP editorial office, and The Guardian Spruce bark beetle in the Białowieża Forest 10 facts about the Białowieża  Forest… News Fire danger zones Publications CONTACT General Directorate of the State Forests State Forests https://www.lasy.gov.pl/en https://www.lasy.gov.pl/logo.png News The return of the lynx Is it possible for these wild cats, not seen in West Pomerania region of Poland for generations, to return? A forest is much more than a plantation A plantation is an area filled with co-eval, monospecific cultivation all the way to the horizon, almost devoid of other plants, a true ecological desert. Calling commercial forest plantations is a simple misuse of the term. Poland implements CJEU judgment Poland is fully implementing the 2018 CJEU judgment. Signing a new annex to the forest management plan for the Białowieża Forest District is the only legally possible form of replacing the existing annex. It will enable active protection of valuable habitats and species in line with the guidelines of the European Commission and UNESCO. There will be no desert. Forests and climate change Which tree species are likely to disappear from the forest landscape and which scenarios are considered by experts – the answers to these questions can be found in the latest 'Echa Leśne', a quarterly published by the State Forests. Easier to stay overnight in the wilderness in the State Forests The State Forests has designated special forest areas of over 65, 000 ha in total, where bushcraft and survival enthusiasts will be able to do their hobby without fear of violating the Forest Act. The pilot program will start in several regions of Poland on 21 November. More and more water reservoirs in forests First small-scale water retention objects, constructed in the area of the State Forests within the framework of two projects involving forest adaptation to climate changes, have been successfully accepted. Small-scale water retention reservoirs, which serve to improve water management in forest, are to prepare forests for more frequent weather anomalies caused by climate change. Fire danger zones Beskid Sądecki Forest Live transmission Recommended Contact: Dyrekcja Generalna Lasów Państwowych ul. Grójecka 127 02-124 Warszawa tel. 22 58 98 100 faks 22 58 98 171 sekretariat@lasy.gov.pl Recommended: © Dyrekcja Generalna Lasów Państwowych