LaTeX - A document preparation system The LaTeX Project Show Menu Home About Get LaTeX3 Publications Help News LaTeX – A document preparation system LaTeX is a high-quality typesetting system; it includes features designed for the production of technical and scientific documentation. LaTeX is the de facto standard for the communication and publication of scientific documents. LaTeX is available as free software . You don't have to pay for using LaTeX, i.e., there are no license fees, etc. But you are, of course, invited to support the maintenance and development efforts through a donation to the TeX Users Group (choose LaTeX Project contribution) if you are satisfied with LaTeX. You can also sponsor the work of LaTeX team members through the GitHub sponsor program at the moment for Frank , David and Joseph .  Your contribution goes without any reductions by GitHub to the developers in support of the project. The volunteer efforts that provide you with LaTeX need financial support, so thanks for any contribution you are willing to make. Recent News 11 November, 2025 LaTeX 2025-11-01 released and distributed 30 October, 2025 Accessibility of STEM documents - talk at PDF days 2025 in Berlin 9 October, 2025 Pre-release 3 of LaTeX 2025-11-01 is available for testing 2 June, 2025 LaTeX 2025-06-01 released and distributed 25 May, 2025 Retirement of the LaTeX-L mailing list 21 May, 2025 Pre-release 4 of LaTeX 2025-06-01 is available for testing 5 May, 2025 Final pre-release of LaTeX 2025-06-01 is available for testing All News · Subscribe to our RSS News Feed LaTeX the product Introduction Short introduction to LaTeX. Learn what LaTeX is, which features it has, and how it works. Getting LaTeX Learn how and where to get LaTeX for Linux, Mac OS X, Windows and Online. LaTeX2e Release Newsletters LaTeX2e release newsletters for each release of LaTeX created since 1994. Getting help Help for issues with TeX and LaTeX: Official documentation, books, and links. The LaTeX3 Project LaTeX3 Project The LaTeX3 project is a long-term research project to develop the next version of the LaTeX typesetting system. Publications A selection of articles, slides, conference papers, videos etc. published by the LaTeX3 project. Development Code Place to get LaTeX3 development code which is intended only for experimentation and comments. Donations Please consider donating to the TeX Users Group to support LaTeX development ( LaTeX Project contribution ). LaTeX Books List of books on LaTeX in English, French, German, and Spanish. Documentation The official LaTeX help and documentation section. LaTeX Team Learn more about the people behind the LaTeX project. LaTeX logo LaTeX is a document preparation system used for the communication and publication of scientific documents. LaTeX is free software and is distributed under the LaTeX Project Public License . Home About Team LaTeX News Getting LaTeX Publications Help Documentation LaTeX Books Bugs Privacy Contact