Credit Cards & Personal Loans Australia | Apply With Latitude Home For life’s moments big and small As your Partners in Money, our attitude is to be responsible, fast and always ready to help. So, what are you looking for today? Credit Cards Personal Loans Check your Personal Loan interest rate in 2 mins. With no impact to your credit score. Get Rate Estimate Get $200 bonus Latitude Rewards When you spend $2000 on your Latitude 28º Mastercard every statement period in your first 3 months of approval. Learn more T&Cs, card fee and other charges apply. New and approved customers only. Offer ends 31 Dec 2024. Get up to $300 in bonus Latitude Rewards When you spend $1,000 or more on eligible transactions every statement period in your first 6 months from approval. T&Cs apply. Learn more New customers only, must be approved by 28 Feb 2025. T&Cs, card fee and other charges apply. Get 0% for 18 months on balance transfers 3% balance transfer fee applies. T&Cs apply. Learn more New customers only, must be approved by 28 Feb 2025. T&Cs, card fee and other charges apply. At Latitude, we’re your Partners in Money, we make it possible with financing solutions in the moments that matter Trusted by millions More than 1.8 million customers across Australia and New Zealand Award-winning products Proudly recognised with multiple Canstar and WeMoney awards across our credit card and personal loan products Long standing support Helping Australians manage their finances for a century Calculators Personal loan repayment calculator Budget planner Shop interest free from our retailers Check out our full list of retailers What’s important to you? Previous Buying that new car Better comfort, better kerb appeal. Discover our car loans. Learn more Consolidating your debts It’s time to take control and get your life back. Learn more Renovation Build that dream kitchen, or entertain on your new deck. Turn your house into a home. Learn more Shop Interest Free Choose a Latitude credit card for flexibility and access to our Interest Free deals. Learn more Next 1 2 3 4 Let's Explore help_centre_faq_200px Help Centre For FAQs, useful information and quick and easy forms. Learn more creditsmart_200px CreditSmart Find out more about credit reporting. Learn more Hardship Care If you're struggling with your repayments, we're here to help. Learn more Digital wallets Any mobile. Any wearable. Including Apple Pay and Samsung Pay. Learn more Need an Interpreter? We can arrange one for you at no additional cost (Language Loop service is subject to availability). Vulnerable customers Providing you with care and support when you need it. Learn more 1 2 3 Why partner with Latitude? Easy We hear you, big-time. You want easy. Let’s start with easy application, rapid response, flexible repayments, and oh-so-simple account monitoring. Online and on your mobile. Nothing hidden See all the interest rates and fees up front. No tricky finance talk. Just clear and open, always. Everyone’s included We’re all different, so it makes sense to assess applications individually. That’s why we tailor our rates based on your circumstances. Let’s work together We get it. Borrowing money is a big deal for everyone so we’re here as your money-partners, finding the best way to make it happen. And when life changes, we’ll help work it out together.