ADVERTISEMENT
Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
California
Entertainment
Sports
Lifestyle
Food
Politics
Climate
Business
Voices
Image
|
Live Stream
Games
LATMG Streaming Now
LA Times Media Group Streaming

Produced by LA Times Studios, a member of the LATMG, featuring news, entertainment and lifestyle content, plus live views across the Southland.

LAX
HOLLYWOOD
CULVER CITY
INGLEWOOD
DOWNTOWN
MALIBU
Read today’s eNewspaper
Top Stories
Federal judge dismisses indictment against TikToker shot by ICE, citing constitutional violations

Days before Carlitos Ricardo Parias was set to to go to trial for assault on a federal officer, a federal judge dismissed the case against him.

Play Video
Southern California’s wild weather is not over. Wind gusts of up to 65 mph predicted

A high wind watch was issued for much of Southern California, including near the Santa Ana Mountains, San Bernardino and Riverside County mountains and valleys, and the San Gorgonio Pass near Banning.

Magnitude 4.7 earthquake shakes Northern California
Brigitte Bardot, actor, muse and prototype of liberated female sexuality, dies at 91
1 dead, 10 injured in multi-car crash on 5 Freeway in Boyle Heights
Ski patroller dies after being caught in an avalanche at Mammoth Mountain
‘It’s tragic here’: Lytle Creek residents are cut off, buried in mud after storm, resident says
Crews try to determine the cause of major gas line rupture in Castaic that closed the I-5
Alabama not intimidated by Indiana’s Fernando Mendoza heading into Rose Bowl
GOP coalescing behind Vance as Trump privately dismisses third-term run
California drops lawsuit seeking to reinstate federal funding for the state’s bullet train
Yes, that was a tornado in Los Angeles on Christmas
For the first time in two decades, it might rain on the Rose Parade
In Case You Missed It
Stars leaving L.A., leadership lessons and fighting Parkinson’s: Our favorite 2025 sports stories

The Times’ sports reporting staff selects their favorite story from 2025, a showcase of stories that hold a special place with 17 writers.

ADVERTISEMENT
Get the L.A. Times app

Download our mobile app for the latest news and information in your pocket

The Latest
A new view of two critical days that set the stage for the devastating Palisades fire
Winter storm buries Wrightwood, drenches SoCal: ‘All it is is rock and mud,’ resident says
Travis Kelce ascends the all-time NFL receptions list while contemplating retirement
Trending
Appeals court affirms federal judge’s order to build housing on the VA’s West Los Angeles campus
Claims about Trump in Epstein files are ‘untrue,’ the Justice Department says
Flu is hitting California early. Why doctors worry this year will be especially hard on kids
Arts & Lifestyle
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Buh-bye 2025! 25 ways to banish this no good, very bad year
The best New Year’s Eve movies playing this week, plus more showing in L.A.
L.A.’s latest viral party spot is … Seafood City. Yes, you read that right

FOOD

FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Here are all 101 of the best restaurants in L.A.

After months of searching, eating and writing, critic Bill Addison and columnist Jenn Harris share their guide to exceptional dining in the city.

Our 7 favorite places to grab a drink in Los Angeles
Hall of Fame restaurants: These timeless classics define L.A. dining
Best of 2025
The 10 best movies of 2025 — and where to find them
The best reality TV of 2025
The 9 best celebrity memoirs of 2025
The 12 best needle drops of 2025
Latest Videos
Plenty at stake for Rams heading into prime-time showdown with Falcons
02:17
Takeaways from Chargers’ loss to Houston Texans
01:37
Guillermo del Toro’s director Creature features these legendary directors | Very Important Questions
00:55
The biggest storm of the season is here. How you can prepare for it
01:40
Emily Blunt thinks she maybe was burnt at the stake in a previous life | Very Important Questions
00:52
LAUSD student released from ICE custody months after being detained
00:59
USC-Notre Dame football scheduling stalemate halts a historic rivalry
02:36
‘Marty Supreme’ spins ping-pong into a zany, gaspingly funny critique of American hustle
01:16
Free Super 8 film screenings in Silver Lake
01:31
Afghan who fought for U.S. fears his American dream will be dashed
01:23
Looking for holiday fun? Here are the best seasonal pop-up bars
00:55
Skiers call this resort ‘Big Bare.’ Will the coming storm save California’s ski season?
02:05
Editors’ Pick

HOLLYWOOD INC.

How Hallmark built a holiday media empire, complete with cruises

Hallmark has built a holiday movie juggernaut and is now expanding that business into live experiences, such as a Christmas cruise.

ADVERTISEMENT
Games

Daily Crossword

An engaging new puzzle to conquer each day.

Wordflower

Find words and watch your vocabulary bloom.

Mini Crossword

Proof that good things come in small packages.

Sudoku

Everyone’s favorite classic numbers game.

Impossible Sudoku

The ultimate challenge for savvy solvers.

Word Search

A hunt for hidden words on the day’s themed list.

Books
VOICES
Essay: Forget Spotify Wrapped, your book stack knows exactly who you are
The 5 best science books of 2025
Scared of AI? 11 essential books for navigating our new normal
REVIEW
Cynthia Erivo is playing Jesus, Maggie Nelson is analyzing Taylor Swift — and nobody is apologizing
Opinion Voices
VOICES
Column: How do you solve a problem like Candace Owens?
VOICES
Contributor: Prison methods are as bad as you’ve heard, and spilling onto the streets
VOICES
Contributor: Where did all the feel-good movies go?
VOICES
Contributor: Native people refuse to be erased from America’s past, present or future
Californians Are Reading
Author of LAFD Palisades fire report declined to endorse final version, called it ‘highly unprofessional’
Want to eat at the 101 best restaurants in Los Angeles? Start here
To Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy: Our readers say all they want is to fly comfortably
Guides
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
California’s most underrated big city is filled with small-town charms (and amazing food)
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Does L.A. have a barbecue style? Here is our updated list of the city’s best
8 bakeries with globally inspired croissants that are uniquely L.A.
This under-the-radar city is the hiking trails capital of California
Head to this California city for the gigantic sequoias. Stay for its unexpected charms
11 free museum days in L.A. that you’ll want to plan your whole month around
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
15 things to do in charming Avila Beach, the ‘little secret of the Central Coast’
13 indie Vegas shops worth leaving the strip for
This hidden rural oasis makes for a splendid day trip — and it’s just an hour from L.A.
Indoor rock climbing is on fire. These 7 great SoCal gyms let you grab hold of the thrill
Handmade with love: 6 L.A. craft studios to help you DIY a gift that’s actually good
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Bill Addison’s list of best tacos in L.A.
California Living
The seven most frustrating offenses California drivers commit every day
How to have the best Sunday in L.A., according to Keiko Agena
Eddie Sotto, former Imagineer who shaped modern theme parks, dies at 67
ADVERTISEMENT
Food
5 lucky dishes to make for New Year’s Day
A restaurant announces its closure. Fans line up for hours. Where have they been?
VOICES
Commentary: Love the Filet-O-Fish sandwich? This L.A. restaurant is making a better version
ADVERTISEMENT
California
A return to a past Sierra wildfire to see the future of a recent one

The first two miles were pleasant enough. The grade was mild, the forest serene.

Body found on beach in Santa Cruz County north of site where shark was spotted, officials say
How the CHP is drawing a flood of new recruits when the LAPD, other agencies struggle to hire
Lawsuit accuses deputies at L.A. women’s jail of sexual abuse, watching inmates shower
VOICES
Chabria: Is empathy saving America — or tearing it apart?
Photos: An army of volunteers getting floats prepared for the 137th Rose Parade
VOICES
Lopez: After a year of insults, raids, arrests and exile, a celebration of the California immigrant
‘It’s just like your dopey friend’: Inside the Goodyear Blimp’s devoted fan base
ADVERTISEMENT
Sign up for Essential California

The most important California stories and recommendations in your inbox every morning.

By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy.

Enter email address
Agree & Continue
Climate California
Where a Saudi company pumps desert groundwater, Arizona considers imposing limits
Social media users in the Central Valley are freaking out about unusual fog, and what might be in it
Trump administration moves to dismantle leading climate and weather research center
California Fires
A new view of two critical days that set the stage for the devastating Palisades fire
Eaton fire survivors ask Edison for emergency housing relief
L.A.’s Scouting troops lost their camp in the Palisades. Now they’re working to heal the land
The Hub: Rebuilding LA
A wildfire recovery resource from LA Times Studios
Politics
A look at aging baby boomers in the United States
Kennedy Center Christmas Eve jazz concert canceled after Trump name added to building
VOICES
Commentary: America tried something new in 2025. It’s not going well
Former Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse reveals advanced pancreatic cancer diagnosis
Subscribers are Reading

CALIFORNIA

A fatal drowning and a dramatic rescue in Northern California as heavy rains head to the Southland

SPORTS

Who’s to blame for the USC-Notre Dame football scheduling fiasco?

FOOD

20 years in, this L.A. restaurant has all the Michelin stars. What’s next?
Podcasts
Rebuilding L.A.: Case Study Houses For the 21st Century, After The Fires
Crimes of the Times: “The Trials of Frank Carson” Update
Boiling Point: Smoglandia Pt 6: FUTURE ELECTRIC, FUTURE TROUBLE
ADVERTISEMENT
World & Nation
A British celebrity chef insulted Mexican bread. Mexico took it personally

What began as a disparaging remark about Mexican bread became a proxy fight over gentrification in Mexico City, where an influx of foreign residents, rising rents and the spread of European-style cafes have fueled resentment.

He risked his life for American soldiers in Afghanistan. Would America let him in?
‘Memory manipulation is inevitable’: How rewriting memory in the lab might one day heal humans
Supreme Court rules against Trump, bars National Guard deployment in Chicago
Debate over river surfing in German park gets gnarly after city removes wave-creating device
Jeffrey R. Holland, next in line to lead Mormon church, dies at 85
Maine fire damages historic Portland waterfront and several boats
Bus accident kills 15 in Guatemala; government declares 3 days of national mourning
Entertainment & Arts
Vince Zampella, ‘Call of Duty’ co-creator, dies in fiery crash of Ferrari on Angeles Crest Highway

Vince Zampella, the video game developer who launched the ‘Call of Duty’ franchise and ‘Apex Legends’ outlet Respawn Entertainment with Jason West, has died.

‘South Park’ creators clash with performers at their Colorado restaurant
‘We won, the president lost,’ Jimmy Kimmel says in Christmas message
Pat Finn, comedy actor known for roles in ‘The Middle’ and ‘Seinfeld,’ dies at 60
Russell Brand charged with new counts of rape and sexual assault in U.K.
ADVERTISEMENT
Business
How do you set up a savings account for a grandchild who lives overseas?

How do you set up a savings account for a grandchild who lives overseas?

Why Trump’s tariffs delivered record revenue but limited economic benefits
Tesla Model 3 sedans face federal safety probe over hidden emergency releases
Google is at last letting users swap out embarrassing Gmail addresses without losing their data
Stocks close slightly lower in quiet post-Christmas trading
Hollywood Inc.
Kevin Costner’s western ‘Horizon’ faces more claims of unpaid fees
After a century in Hollywood, background actors face uncertain future
Why Gen Z and Gen Alpha are feasting on TV comfort food
‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ heats up the box office, grossing $89 million domestically
Sports
After talking through problems, Lakers find unexpected third scorer to end losing streak

Nick Smith Jr. scores 21 points off the bench as Luka Doncic and LeBron James lead the Lakers to a 125-101 victory over the Kings for a much-needed win.

Kawhi Leonard scores a career-high 55 points in Clippers’ win over Pistons
How did curling become a Winter Olympics sensation? Inside the sport’s unique history
Chargers’ persistent offensive line issues threaten to derail their season
Ducks have much to celebrate despite blowout loss to rival Kings
ADVERTISEMENT
Newsletters
Record-breaking storm ends a SoCal year scarred by fires
Done with holiday checklists? Bed rot with our TV and film lists
Latinx Files: A blast from Christmas past
Plants & Home
Thanks to a tiny ADU, an L.A. home transforms into a stunning art gallery and studio

Designer Ben Warwas renovated a dated two-bedroom home and detached garage in Los Angeles to better reflect the colorful sensibilities of its owner, artist Antonio Adriano Puleo.

‘We love rejects’: Inside the queer gardening club that’s preserving L.A.’s native flora
Many family-owned nurseries are aging out, but Las Pilitas’ heirs have a legacy to preserve
ADVERTISEMENT
L.A. Timeless: Archive Classics
A retired teacher found some seahorses off Long Beach. Then he built a secret world for them

Rog Hanson isn’t a scientist, but he’s likely spent more time with Pacific seahorses than anyone else. He built them a secret underwater city.

More from L.A. Timeless
De Los
Pew study reveals U.S. Latinos continue to sour on Trump’s policies
Inside Evergreen Cemetery with Boyle Heights’ resident historian, the Barrio Boychik
30 years after Selena Quintanilla’s death, her autopsy report is revealed
L.A. Times en Español
Brigitte Bardot muere a los 91 años
Costa de Marfil y Camerún empatan en la Copa Africana mientras Zidane observa a Argelia avanzar
Fotos: Venezolanos celebran el Día de los Santos Inocentes
Image
The L.A. baker making cakes with big personalities for big personalities
The emerging fashion archive honoring Peruvian heritage and ‘feeling hot’ in a Pasadena attic
How do you tell a committed partner that your sexual identity is changing?
A morning with Takako Yamaguchi, the L.A. artist we should’ve already known
ADVERTISEMENT
Visual Storytelling

CALIFORNIA

Photos: An army of volunteers getting floats prepared for the 137th Rose Parade

It’s all hands on deck as an army of volunteers get floats ready for their run down Colorado Boulevard on Jan. 1.

Things to Do
Roll with GrlSwirl, the group changing skateboarding culture in Venice Beach and beyond
Books and coffee, what could be better? 9 L.A.-area spots to get both
How to have the best Sunday in L.A., according to Aparna Nancherla
How to snag a Palm Springs Aerial Tramway ticket during the busy winter season
L.A. Affairs
L.A. Affairs: We were just newlyweds when an emergency room visit tested our vows
L.A. Affairs: I wanted kids, but he didn’t want more. Could we make our relationship work?
L.A. Affairs: I had casually known her for 5 years. Was I finally ready to make a move?
L.A. Affairs: Should I keep believing my ‘situationship’ will become real?
Investigations
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
A long-overdue reckoning with child sex abuse of the past is straining California classrooms today
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
A Times investigation finds fraud and theft are rife at California’s county fairs
From San Diego to Del Norte, a tally of recent scandals plaguing local fairs
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
International travel. Fancy meals. Missing receipts. Who paid the tab for this top official?
Obituaries
Jumbo Ozaki, who had most wins of any Japanese golfer, dies of cancer at age 78
Betty Reid Soskin, ‘trailblazing’ oldest national park ranger, dies at 104
James Ransone, star of ‘The Wire’ and ‘It: Chapter Two,’ dies at 46
Peter Arnett, famed war correspondent, dead at 91
Events, Offers and Promotions
Immerse yourself in a weekend of storytelling April 18-19, 2026
Hear the real story behind the scandal
L.A. icons. Real stories. Listen now
A new podcast about L.A. air. Listen now
A podcast exploring our rise from the ashes. Listen now
The latest podcast from L.A. Times Studios, hosted by Madison McGhee. Listen now
The hit video series is now a podcast. Listen now
Explore Latino culture and identity. Join the conversation
Play for FREE today
Rep your city. Wear The Times
The latest product deals, discounts & exclusive coupon codes
LA TIMES STUDIOS Content is produced and developed from press releases, announcements and contributor content. It does not involve the Los Angeles Times editorial staff.

WEDDING INSPIRATION

Live Illustration: The Wedding Favor Trend That’s Turning Guests into Works of Art

WEDDING SHOPPING

From Aisle to After-Party, These Bridal Flats Are Anything But Basic

DOG BREEDS

Powerful, Perceptive, Loyal: The Doberman Pinscher

EVER AFTERS

After a Quarantine Romance, A “Fabulous, Funky, Formal” Wedding at the Madonna Inn

LAW

BD&J Taps Former State Bar Prosecutor Ross E. Viselman as Chief Legal & Ethical Compliance Officer

LAW

Meyers Nave Appoints Deborah J. Fox as Managing Principal to Lead 2026 Strategic Growth

LAW

Former AUSA Jenna Williams Returns to Hueston Hennigan as Of Counsel
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times?
Invest Now: Own a Part of History
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information