News from California, across the nation and world  - Los Angeles Times Advertisement News Home Page California Election 2024 Housing & Homelessness Politics Science & Medicine World & Nation Business Artificial Intelligence Autos Jobs, Labor & Workplace Real Estate Technology and the Internet California California Politics Earthquakes Education Housing & Homelessness L.A. Influential L.A. Politics Mental Health Climate & Environment Climate Change Water & Drought Entertainment & Arts Arts Books Stand-Up Comedy Hollywood Inc. The Envelope (Awards) Movies Music Television Things to Do De Los En Español Food 101 Best Restaurants in L.A. Recipes Image Art & Culture Conversations Drip Index: Event Guides Fashion Shopping Guides Styling Myself Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home Design L.A. Affairs Plants Travel & Experiences Weekend Things to Do in L.A. Obituaries Voices Editorials Letters to the Editor Contributors Short Docs Sports Angels Angel City FC Chargers Clippers Dodgers Ducks Galaxy High School Sports Kings Lakers Olympics USC UCLA Rams Sparks World & Nation Immigration & the Border Israel-Hamas Mexico & the Americas Ukraine Times Everywhere 404 by L.A. Times Facebook Instagram LA Times Today Newsletters Photography Podcasts Short Docs TikTok Threads Video YouTube X (Twitter) For Subscribers eNewspaper All Sections _________________ LA Times Studios Business • AI & Tech • Automotive • Banking & Finance • Commercial Real Estate • Entertainment • Goods & Retail • Healthcare & Science • Law • Sports Decor & Design Dentists Doctors & Scientists Fitness Hot Property Live & Well Orange County Pets The Hub: Rebuilding LA Travel Veterinarians Weddings & Celebrations Deals & Coupons Newsletters Live Stream Events Screening Series Crossword Games L.A. Times Store Subscriptions Manage Subscription EZPAY Delivery Issue eNewspaper Students & Educators Subscribe Subscriber Terms Gift Subscription Terms About Us About Us Archives Company News eNewspaper For the Record Got a Tip? L.A. Times Careers L.A. Times Store LA Times Studios Capabilities News App: Apple IOS News App: Google Play Newsroom Directory Public Affairs Rights, Clearance & Permissions Short Docs Advertising Classifieds Find/Post Jobs Hot Property Sections Local Ads Marketplace L.A. Times Digital Agency Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times? People on the Move Place an Ad Place an Open House Sotheby’s International Realty Special Supplements Healthy Living Higher Education Philanthropy Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Sections Show Search Search Query Submit Search California Topics California Politics Housing & Homelessness Earthquakes Education Orange County All California News Latino Life De Los The Latinx Files L.A. Times en Español Kiosco Digital Voices Gustavo Arellano Anita Chabria Steve Lopez Patt Morrison George Skelton Newsletters Essential California This Evening’s Big Stories California Politics TimesOC News Alerts More L.A. Influential LA Times Today Photography Podcasts Video Entertainment Topics Television Movies Music Hollywood Inc. L.A. Arts Books The Envelope Oscars Emmys Grammys Newsletter Video Podcast Glenn Whipp Voices Christopher Knight Robert Lloyd Mary McNamara Charles McNulty Mark Swed Mikael Wood Newsletters Entertainment Daily Essential Arts The Wide Shot Screen Gab Indie Focus Book Club More Very Important Questions Festival of Books Behold L.A. Times Entertainment Sports Teams & Sports Dodgers Lakers Rams USC Kings Sparks Angels Clippers Chargers UCLA Soccer High School Sports Voices Bill Plaschke Dylan Hernández Bill Shaikin Newsletters The Sports Report Dodgers Dugout Lakers! Prep Rally Times of Troy UCLA Unlocked More Olympics Sports Videos L.A. Times Sports Lifestyle Topics Home & ADUs Plants Wellness L.A. Affairs West Coast Experiences Things to Do Neighborhood Guides 101 Best Experiences Outdoors Newsletters The Wild L.A. Times Plants More Sunday Funday Image L.A. Times Plants Food 101 Best Restaurants Current List Hall of Fame Best Drinks Cooking & More Recipes Food Maps Coffee City Our Spices Voices Bill Addison Jenn Harris Laurie Ochoa Newsletters Tasting Notes Cooking More Food Videos L.A. Times Food Politics Topics Politics Trump Administration California Politics L.A. Politics Voices Mark Z. Barabak Anita Chabria Newsletters California Politics L.A. on the Record More Shape Your L.A. Climate Topics Climate Change Water & Drought Wildfires Wildlife Projects Our Climate Challenge Repowering the West Colorado River in Crisis Newsletters Boiling Point Unshaken More About Climate California Climate Videos Business Topics Hollywood Inc. Jobs, Labor & Workplace Real Estate Technology Tech and the Internet Artificial Intelligence Auto Industry Voices Michael Hiltzik Newsletters The Wide Shot Totally Worth It You Do ADU More Personal Finance & Guides Voices Voices News Commentary Sports Voices Food Voices Culture Voices Entertainment Voices Opinion Voices Editorials Op-Eds Endorsements Letters to the Editor Latest Letters Hear Me Out Submit a Letter Newsletters Opinion More Editorial Board Short Docs Submit an Article to Op-Ed Image Topics Art & Culture Conversations Drip Index: Event Guides Fashion Shopping Guides Styling Myself | Live Stream Games Crossword Daily Crossword Mini Crossword Sudoku Daily Sudoku Impossible Sudoku Word Games Wordflower Word Search Downwords Swap More Jigsaw Putt Putt Problems Advertisement × VIDEO | LIVE LA Times Media Group Streaming Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! LATMG Streaming Now LA Times Media Group Streaming Produced by LA Times Studios, a member of the LATMG, featuring news, entertainment and lifestyle content, plus live views across the Southland. LAX Hollywood Culver City Inglewood Downtown Malibu Read today’s eNewspaper Top Stories Newsom mobilizes emergency crews as storm bears down on California Rain will pick up Wednesday morning, with the heaviest downpours forecast from Wednesday night into Thursday afternoon, according to the National Weather Service. L.A. City ignored fire safety as it permitted development in high risk areas, lawsuit alleges This Long Beach studio is designing America’s cheapest EV truck 2026 Rose Parade: Road closures, parking and rules you should know The most-read Los Angeles Times stories of 2025 Voices Barabak: Democrats are on a roll. So why not fight one another? Harvard-Westlake blocks TikTok and Clash Royale on student phones. How’s that going down? Bodies of three hikers recovered from Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather SoCal in for more holiday rain. What to know about the timeline, evacuation warnings Southern California’s unlikely AI mecca is this very industrial city Why California is ending coverage for weight-loss drugs despite TrumpRx price cuts It’s only December but this SoCal desert escape is already blanketed in wildflowers Trending Want to eat at the 101 best restaurants in Los Angeles? Start here George Clooney and his family are now citizens of France. Good luck with that! L.A. car thief abandoned toddler, dog at crime scene; no one has claimed them, officials say Arts & Lifestyle A vital third-space coffee shop is set to close its Inglewood flagship The Envelope’s editor picks his top films and TV shows of 2025 Isiah Whitlock Jr., ‘The Wire’ actor and Spike Lee collaborator, dies at 71 In Case You Missed It For Subscribers Buh-bye 2025! 25 ways to banish this no good, very bad year Scream into the void. Sweat it out at a Korean spa. Smash a car at a rage room. Ending an era with a closing ritual can be therapeutic and help you make room for something new. Advertisement Get the L.A. Times app Download our mobile app for the latest news and information in your pocket The Latest For Oprah Winfrey, a croissant is now just a croissant — not a struggle Patriots wide receiver Stefon Diggs faces felony charge of strangling his private chef Chip Kelly is named offensive coordinator at Northwestern. Can he repair his reputation? Food For Subscribers Here are all 101 of the best restaurants in L.A. After months of searching, eating and writing, critic Bill Addison and columnist Jenn Harris share their guide to exceptional dining in the city. Our 7 favorite places to grab a drink in Los Angeles Hall of Fame restaurants: These timeless classics define L.A. dining Best of 2025 The 10 best movies of 2025 — and where to find them The best reality TV of 2025 The 9 best celebrity memoirs of 2025 The 12 best needle drops of 2025 Latest Videos Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Jon M. Chu on the best job he could ever have for the rest of his life | Very Important Questions 02:10 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Where to hike, camp and commune with nature in L.A.’s Angeles National Forest 00:36 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! This legendary L.A. music venue is closing after 25 years 00:58 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Takeaways from Rams’ loss to Atlanta Falcons 03:16 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! A closer look at the iconic Goodyear Blimp 01:24 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Our critic’s 10 best movies of 2025 01:37 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop recommendation for Timothée Chalamet’s “Marty Supreme” 01:27 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Body cam footage captures moment when ICE officer shoots a TikTok streamer 02:32 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Takeaways from Chargers’ loss to Houston Texans 01:37 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Guillermo del Toro’s director Creature features these legendary directors | Very Important Questions 00:55 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! The biggest storm of the season is here. How you can prepare for it 01:40 Share via Close extra sharing options Email Facebook X LinkedIn Threads Reddit WhatsApp Copy Link URL Copied! Emily Blunt thinks she maybe was burnt at the stake in a previous life | Very Important Questions 00:52 Editors’ Pick Hollywood Inc. Hollywood’s script for 2026: Media mergers, Disney leadership change, AI fights and more As the year comes to a close, we look at the biggest storylines coming up for Hollywood -- and make a few predictions. Advertisement Games Daily Crossword An engaging new puzzle to conquer each day. Wordflower Find words and watch your vocabulary bloom. Mini Crossword Proof that good things come in small packages. Sudoku Everyone’s favorite classic numbers game. Impossible Sudoku The ultimate challenge for savvy solvers. Word Search A hunt for hidden words on the day’s themed list. Opinion Voices Voices Contributor: Photos of the dirty 1970s will make you appreciate the EPA Voices Contributor: You’re not imagining it. L.A. has surrendered to the potholes Voices Contributor: The Supreme Court finally pushed back against Trump Voices Contributor: Where did all the feel-good movies go? Californians Are Reading Recent storms boosted California’s snowpack, but there’s still a long way to go This legendary L.A. music venue is closing after 25 years. But its story isn’t over SoCal tennis star’s death ‘haunts’ mom, who vows DUI reform as suspect faces murder charge Guides For Subscribers California’s most underrated big city is filled with small-town charms (and amazing food) For Subscribers Don’t skip dessert: 19 L.A. restaurants with decadent sundaes, shaved ice, sorbet and more 11 awe-inspiring things to do in Carmel Valley that take you beyond the quaint seaside For Subscribers Does L.A. have a barbecue style? Here is our updated list of the city’s best This under-the-radar city is the hiking trails capital of California 6 great Los Angeles breakfast sandwiches to try now For Subscribers 15 things to do in charming Avila Beach, the ‘little secret of the Central Coast’ 8 bakeries with globally inspired croissants that are uniquely L.A. These 13 standout restaurants are where L.A. chefs eat on their nights off Nine affordable lunch spots in L.A. for a meal that costs $15 or less Xochitl Gomez’s 5 favorite Latino-owned businesses in L.A. Joan Didion made her mark on L.A. Here are 10 places she knew and loved California Living For Subscribers 11 serene hot springs in California to heal your weary soul L.A.’s latest viral party spot is … Seafood City. Yes, you read that right Trash is treasure for this jewelry maker and sculptor Advertisement Food 5 lucky dishes to make for New Year’s Day A restaurant announces its closure. Fans line up for hours. Where have they been? 20 years in, this L.A. restaurant has all the Michelin stars. What’s next? Advertisement California Swimmer believed to be victim of shark is found dead, a shark-deterrent band around her ankle An intensive search ended this weekend after rescue teams recovered Erica Fox’s body six days after she vanished from Monterey Bay, officials confirmed Monday night. Slow down, Speed Racer: New California program could impose strictest penalty on motorists Man pleads guilty in SoCal store robberies; feds say he returned after deportation Huntington Park officers who shot double amputee won’t face charges, D.A. says Suspected copper wire thieves disable parking enforcement radios in Los Angeles Reputed Mexican Mafia ‘shot caller’ wins California Supreme Court fight over fines and fees California farming exec gunned down estranged beauty-queen wife in Arizona, police say How the Rose Parade is responding to rain in forecast Advertisement Sign up for Essential California The most important California stories and recommendations in your inbox every morning. By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy . Enter email address Agree & Continue Climate California California’s longest-tenured wildlife department chief steps down after 15 years Hungary’s ‘water guardian’ farmers fight back against desertification Social media users in the Central Valley are freaking out about unusual fog, and what might be in it California Fires A new view of two critical days that set the stage for the devastating Palisades fire Eaton fire survivors ask Edison for emergency housing relief L.A.’s Scouting troops lost their camp in the Palisades. Now they’re working to heal the land The Hub: Rebuilding LA A wildfire recovery resource from LA Times Studios Politics Democrat Renee Hardman wins Iowa state Senate seat, blocking GOP from reclaiming a supermajority Tatiana Schlossberg, a granddaughter of President Kennedy, has died at 35 Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Kennedy Center Christmas Eve jazz concert canceled after Trump name added to building Subscribers are Reading California For Subscribers How the Mexican Mafia’s ‘Pomona Mike’ made L.A.’s federal jail his fiefdom California For Subscribers An amateur codebreaker may have just solved the Black Dahlia and Zodiac killings Voices Commentary: Drop the bomb or save humanity? ‘Pluribus’ and its misanthrope’s dilemma Podcasts Rebuilding L.A.: Case Study Houses For the 21st Century, After The Fires Crimes of the Times: “The Trials of Frank Carson” Update Boiling Point: Smoglandia Pt 6: FUTURE ELECTRIC, FUTURE TROUBLE Advertisement World & Nation GOP coalescing behind Vance as Trump privately dismisses third-term run Trump has floated Vance as his potential successor multiple times without ever explicitly endorsing his nomination. Voices Commentary: America tried something new in 2025. It’s not going well California has lost more than a quarter of its immigration judges this year ‘Memory manipulation is inevitable’: How rewriting memory in the lab might one day heal humans Israel-backed Gaza militias tout themselves as part of any post-conflict solution 41 young males die in South Africa after circumcision  initiation ceremonies A new California law requires tortillas to include an extra ingredient starting Jan. 1 Kennedy Center renaming prompts new round of cancellations by artists Justice Dept. pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge’s order says Entertainment & Arts Actor Mickey Rourke faces eviction from L.A. home over $60,000 in unpaid rent Oscar nominee Mickey Rourke was served with an eviction notice over nearly $60,000 in unpaid rent on his three-bedroom Los Angeles home. 10 books to read in January, new page-turners from George Saunders, Gabriel Tallent and more Disney to integrate Hulu and Disney+ in 2026 Tyler Perry’s new sexual assault accuser allegedly texted about health woes months before lawsuit Bobby Berk has seen a lot, but a $100,000 surprise on his new HGTV show made his jaw drop Advertisement Business Trader Joe’s takes over the space of a shuttered Rite Aid Trader Joe’s buys former drug store in Santa Monica Tesla Cybertruck flop proves costly for South Korean supplier Tough job market has people using dating apps to get interviews In unusual move, Tesla broadcasts downbeat car sales estimates Last bastion for cheap beef fades in the latest threat to affordability Hollywood Inc. ‘Malcolm in the Middle’ explores midlife with a Hulu reboot How Hallmark built a holiday media empire, complete with cruises Even ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ can’t lift 2025 box office out of pandemic-crisis doldrums Sports No. 16 USC suffers shocking, walk-off loss to TCU in overtime of Alamo Bowl Texas Christian running back Jeremy Payne scores on a 35-yard catch-and-run in overtime, sending No. 16 USC to a shocking, 30-27 loss in the Alamo Bowl. Lakers still searching for their identity after late implosion vs. Pistons Meet the Hanson family, the secret to USC’s offensive line success Patriots wide receiver Stefon Diggs faces felony charge of strangling his private chef How Curt Cignetti molded Indiana from a Big Ten doormat to the Rose Bowl favorite Advertisement Newsletters The Sports Report: No. 16 USC unravels during stunning Alamo Bowl loss Our 25 most popular film and TV stories of 2025 2025 was a rough year. End it on a good note with these entertainment specials Plants & Home Thanks to a tiny ADU, an L.A. home transforms into a stunning art gallery and studio Designer Ben Warwas renovated a dated two-bedroom home and detached garage in Los Angeles to better reflect the colorful sensibilities of its owner, artist Antonio Adriano Puleo. ‘We love rejects’: Inside the queer gardening club that’s preserving L.A.’s native flora Advertisement L.A. Timeless: Archive Classics A dying mother’s plan: Buy a gun. Rent a hotel room. Kill her son As her cancer advanced and her son’s mental illness deepened, Lai Hang struggled alone with fears about violence, caretaking and what would happen when she was gone. More from L.A. Timeless De Los 30 years after Selena Quintanilla’s death, her autopsy report is revealed Los Tigres del Norte travel to Springfield in latest ‘Simpsons’ episode Pew study reveals U.S. Latinos continue to sour on Trump’s policies L.A. Times en Español México buscará certificación internacional para mejorar la seguridad en línea de tren que descarriló Gobierno de Trump congela fondos para cuidado infantil a Minnesota después de una serie de fraudes ¿Rosas bajo la lluvia? El desfile de Año Nuevo en Pasadena pronostica lluvia. Abríguese para la bajada de la bola en Nueva York. Image The L.A. baker making cakes with big personalities for big personalities Myriam Gurba unearths the story of the California poppy and restores its magic The emerging fashion archive honoring Peruvian heritage and ‘feeling hot’ in a Pasadena attic How do you tell a committed partner that your sexual identity is changing? Advertisement Visual Storytelling California Photos: An army of volunteers getting floats prepared for the 137th Rose Parade It’s all hands on deck as an army of volunteers get floats ready for their run down Colorado Boulevard on Jan. 1. Things to Do Where to hike, camp and commune with nature in L.A.’s Angeles National Forest Eddie Sotto, former Imagineer who shaped modern theme parks, dies at 67 How to have the best Sunday in L.A., according to Keiko Agena Roll with GrlSwirl, the group changing skateboarding culture in Venice Beach and beyond L.A. Affairs L.A. Affairs: We were just newlyweds when an emergency room visit tested our vows L.A. Affairs: I wanted kids, but he didn’t want more. Could we make our relationship work? L.A. Affairs: I had casually known her for 5 years. Was I finally ready to make a move? L.A. Affairs: Should I keep believing my ‘situationship’ will become real? Investigations For Subscribers A long-overdue reckoning with child sex abuse of the past is straining California classrooms today For Subscribers A Times investigation finds fraud and theft are rife at California’s county fairs From San Diego to Del Norte, a tally of recent scandals plaguing local fairs For Subscribers International travel. Fancy meals. Missing receipts. Who paid the tab for this top official? Obituaries Brigitte Bardot, actor, muse and prototype of liberated female sexuality, dies at 91 Jeffrey R. Holland, next in line to lead Mormon church, dies at 85 Pat Finn, comedy actor known for roles in ‘The Middle’ and ‘Seinfeld,’ dies at 60 Jumbo Ozaki, who had most wins of any Japanese golfer, dies of cancer at age 78 Events, Offers and Promotions Immerse yourself in a weekend of storytelling April 18-19, 2026 Hear the real story behind the scandal L.A. icons. Real stories. Listen now A new podcast about L.A. air. Listen now A podcast exploring our rise from the ashes. Listen now The latest podcast from L.A. Times Studios, hosted by Madison McGhee. Listen now The hit video series is now a podcast. Listen now Explore Latino culture and identity. Join the conversation Play for FREE today Rep your city. Wear The Times The latest product deals, discounts & exclusive coupon codes LA TIMES STUDIOS Content is produced and developed from press releases, announcements and contributor content. It does not involve the Los Angeles Times editorial staff. Commercial Real Estate Institutional Play: Waterton Bets on Warner Center Growth with Second Major 2025 Acquisition Honeymoons & Trips Romantic Ireland: Why Honeymooning Couples Are Trading Beach Resorts for the Emerald Isle Home Improvement Designing Outdoor Spaces That Actually Last Pet Projects K9s For Warriors Is Changing What the Holidays Look Like for Veterans With PTSD Healthcare & Science UC Irvine Secures $12M CIRM Grant to Launch Phase 1/2 Stem Cell Trial for Huntington’s Orange County $125M Series A: Ambros Therapeutics to Begin Phase 3 Trials for Non-Opioid Pain Therapy Banking & Finance FlyHouse Acquires Sun Air Jets to Build Vertically Integrated Private Aviation Powerhouse Advertisement Subscribe for unlimited access Site Map Follow Us X Instagram YouTube Facebook eNewspaper Find/Post Jobs Place an Ad Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times? Invest Now: Own a Part of History MORE FROM THE L.A. TIMES Crossword Obituaries Recipes Guides L.A. Times Store About/Contact For the Record L.A. Times Careers Manage Subscription Reprints and Permissions Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information