Lattice | The HR platform that people love Unwrap your 2026 HR Calendar — Download now Platform Platform Talent Suite Manage performance and career development. AI People-first, AI-powered Innovation & Support Lattice An HR platform that actually works, so your people can actually work, too. Discover our platform Take a tour Take a tour Performance Identify your best, grow the rest. Compensation Design a pay strategy that retains your best. Analytics Understand and act on your people data. Goals & OKRs Set and track goals across your company. Grow Make career progression clear. Engagement Survey employees and surface AI-powered insights. Featured Product Tour Seeing is believing. Take Lattice for a spin. AI Save time, drive employee performance, and unlock manager insights. AI Agent New An HR partner with instant answers and on-demand insights Featured AI Product Tour Seeing is believing. Take Lattice AI for a spin. Compare Compare Lattice to the competition. Product roadmap It just keeps getting better. Customer experience Why we win awards. Ecosystem Go beyond just a platform. Solutions Customers Industry How organizations in your field use Lattice. Company size How organizations of your size use Lattice. Role How different roles at your organization use Lattice. Customer stories Meet some of the 5,000+ leaders using Lattice to build a strong company culture. All case studies Most recent Agencies Brilliant minds deserve a people platform to match. Credit Unions Credit unions run on trust — and Lattice. Fintech HR software built to keep up with fast-growing fintechs. Insurance Insurance companies love Lattice. Life Sciences Driving breakthroughs in biotech and beyond. Professional Services Delivering for clients starts with investing in your people. Regional & Community Banks Bank on your people, deliver for the community. Technology The world’s most innovative tech companies use Lattice. Featured DECIEM story How DECIEM laid the foundation for their people programs at scale. Small Businesses Small businesses leverage the flexible, scalable power of Lattice to maximize performance for their mini teams. Midsize Businesses Midsize businesses thrive with the efficiency, clarity, and analytics capacity of Lattice. Enterprise Enterprise businesses excel with the customizability, automated workflows, and integrated people insights of Lattice. Featured AllTrails story How AllTrails forged its path to better engagement at scale. Chief Executive Officers You bring the vision — your people and Lattice make it a reality. HR Leaders You work hard for your people. Lattice works hard for you. People Managers Be the manager your direct reports deserve. Individual Contributors Because clarity, growth, and meaningful work aren’t nice-to-haves. Featured Resources for Humans Community Share advice, ask questions, and connect with 23,000+ HR peers. Resources Library Your one-stop shop to learn all things people. For customers Helpful resources for the HR leaders using Lattice. Company Why we're proud to be Latticians. Explore our library Your one-stop shop to learn all things people. Insights, HR templates, and more. Popular content types Events & Webinars Learn with peers, or watch on demand. Templates Easy templates for busy HR teams. Ebooks Leave the library card at home. Popular content topics Company Culture Let your values come alive with the right culture. Performance Management Activate the best in your people. Career Growth Promote your best, grow the rest. Featured The 2026 State of People Strategy Report Your favorite report is finally here. Help Center Questions about Lattice? We’ve got your back. Lattice University Get the most out of Lattice with interactive courses. Customer stories Meet some of the 5,000+ leaders using Lattice. Resources for Humans Connect with 24,000+ HR leaders like you. Rollout toolkit Customizable resources to seamlessly start with Lattice. Referral program Refer leaders to Lattice and earn bonuses. Product updates Discover our latest product innovations. Contact customer care Need answers? Let’s figure it out together. Featured Take a tour of Lattice Check out free, interactive tours of Lattice products About Lattice View information on our mission, values, and leadership team. Company Blog The latest product news, announcements, and learnings from Lattice. Careers at Lattice hiring Welcome to your future (we hope!). Explore open roles at Lattice. Featured Customer experience Why we win awards. Pricing Log in Request a demo People + AI : Succeeding Together The HR platform people love Join 5,000+ forward-thinking teams using Lattice’s HR and AI tools to manage people, pay, and performance — all on one trusted platform. Request a demo Take a tour Watch a demo Watch explainer video Do more with Lattice AI Lattice AI Agent Ask Lattice... I’m caring for a sick family member. What are my options for leave? What skills do I need to get promoted? Can you help me prepare to give constructive feedback? Under our policy, you’re eligible for two weeks of paid leave. Would you like to open a request? Based on the career track for your role (Account Executive), prioritize product knowledge and time management to advance to the next level. Use the SBI Model to map feedback. Describe the situation, the employee’s behavior, and the impact it had on the team. Leave policies Career growth Manager coaching HR teams spend 57% of their time on manual tasks. Get time back with fast, reliable support that transforms HR from reactive to proactive. Learn more High performance starts here. By bringing best-in-class People and AI tools together, Lattice unlocks your team’s potential – helping employees grow, managers lead, and companies succeed. Talent Performance Compensation Analytics Goals & OKRs Grow Engagement Performance Compensation Analytics Goals & OKRs Grow Engagement Integrated performance and engagement tools that drive productivity and retention. Take a tour AI HR Help Desk Writing Assist Personalized Coaching Meeting Assist Engagement Insights Performance Summaries HR Help Desk Writing Assist Personalized Coaching Meeting Assist Engagement Insights Performance Summaries Save time, drive employee performance, and unlock manager insights with Lattice AI. Take a tour Built to power your entire workplace Our CEO instantly got Lattice — no training needed. It just made sense. Now he’s one of our biggest champions, which says a lot about how intuitive and low-friction the tool really is. Christina Donnelly Chief People Officer , BARK Executives Drive employee performance, engagement, and retention — with the metrics to prove it. I love that Lattice makes it so our people leaders don’t have to hunt for information about their teams. Whether they are having one-on-ones, giving feedback, or engaging in a review cycle, our managers have all the context and information they need at their fingertips thanks to Lattice Shveta Malhan VP People Insights & Innovation , Klick Health HR Leaders Build and run talent management programs that scale your impact without growing headcount. Lattice is central to performance and career development at Brex — whether for quarterly check-ins or growth talks, its intuitive design and AI-powered insights help managers support their teams and empower employees to focus on the work that matters most to their growth. Heather Dunn Chief People Officer , Brex Managers Empower your team to work faster, exceed quota, and achieve business results. We partner with Lattice to build thoughtful systems that help scale our organization, culture, and communications, because building something long-lasting means getting it right from the start. Kevin McCarthy CEO , UNREAL Snacks Employees Stay aligned, grow your career, and enjoy a more streamlined employee experience. Seamless integrations with your entire tech stack See all integrations Excellent HR teams deserve excellent resources Library Explore the ultimate resource center for people management and people operations. Resources for Humans The community designed to help HR professionals connect, share advice, and ask questions. ▶ Learn more 1 min Lattice University On demand courses, live trainings, and customized templates to build and implement successful people programs. Events Join us for events and webinars on all things people management and HR. Your people are your business Ensure both are successful with Lattice. Request a demo Take a free tour ⭐️ 4.7 on G2.com ⭐️ 4.5 on Capterra Platform Performance Performance Reviews Talent Reviews 1:1s Feedback Praise Updates Engagement Pulse Onboarding and Exit Surveys eNPS Compensation Benchmarking Analytics DEIB Grow Individual Development Plans Goals & OKRs OKRs Industry Agencies Professional Services Technology Credit Unions Regional and Community Banks Fintech Life Sciences Insurance Sports Entertainment Company size Small Businesses Midsize Businesses Enterprise Role Chief Executive Officers Human Resources Leaders People Managers Individual Contributors Why lattice How Lattice Compares Customer Stories Customer Experience Product Updates Lattice AI Lattice Ecosystem Integrations Services Partners Lattice ROI Estimator Resources Library Lattiverse Articles Templates Ebooks Events Interviews Podcasts Community Company About Us Careers Hiring Blog Pricing CPO Council Log in Support Help Center Lattice University Privacy Privacy Approach Privacy Request Do Not Sell My Personal Information Security Status Security Trust Center © Copyright 202# . All Rights Reserved.