Laughing Squid Skip to content No results About FAQ Hosting Newsletter Socials Support Contact About FAQ Hosting Newsletter Socials Support Contact No results Menu Search Laughing Squid a daily dose of unique and curious things A Transparent Dishwasher That Shows What’s Happening Inside GopherDope replaced the sides of a dishwasher with clear acrylic sheets and ran a load of dirty dishes to see what went on inside. Orange Tabby Cat Waddles Around the House With His Favorite ‘Blankies’ To Present to His Human An orange tabby cat named Georgie loves waddling around the house with his favorite blanket so he can present it to his human. Woman Takes Her Rescued Partially Blind Pigeon For a Walk Every Day A kind woman takes her rescued pigeon for daily walks after he lost vision in one eye when he crashed into an apartment window. How Adulthood Differs Between the United States and the United Kingdom Laurence Brown of Lost in the Pond explained how adulthood differs between the United States and the United Kingdom. How ChatGPT Is Changing How We Speak Adam Aleksic talks about how technology changes how we speak, how algorithms distort reality, and how social media prioritizes profit. Rescued Camel Who Thinks He’s a Goat Excitedly Plays in the Snow A rescued camel who lives at Rancho Grande in the mountains of Ojai, California, and thinks he's a goat, excitedly played in the snow. Inside the World of Dedicated ‘Swiftie Dads’ Who Wait in the Parking Lot at Taylor Swift Shows During the 2023 Taylor Swift "Eras Tour", Paul Scheer talked to "Swiftie Dads" who just wanted to make their daughters happy. 104 Year Old Word War II Veteran Plays National Anthem on Saxophone at Rangers vs Islanders Game 104 year old World War II veteran Dominic Critelli performed "The Star Spangled Banner" on saxophone before the NY Rangers vs Islanders game. Jazz Keyboardist Learns to Play Deep Purple’s ‘Highway Star’ in Two Hours After Hearing It for the First Time Pianote challenged jazz keyboardist Larry Goldings to see how quickly he could learn "Highway Star" after hearing it for the first time. How the Pressure of Social Media Can Discourage the Carefree Enjoyment of Hobbies Alastair eloquently spoke about how the pressure of social media can discourage the true enjoyment of fun and carefree hobbies. 1 2 3 4 … 7,106 Next Load More Blog Posts No more posts to load Facebook Bluesky Threads Mastodon Our blog posts may contain affiliate links . If you make a purchase through our site, we may earn a small commission. Trending on Laughing Squid A Jolly Up-Tempo Bluegrass Cover of the Classic Iron Maiden Song 'The Number of the Beast' How the Borg Went From Terrifying to Commonplace Across the Star Trek Franchise The Most Rare and Beautiful Pigeons in the World Jazz Keyboardist Learns to Play Deep Purple's 'Highway Star' in Two Hours After Hearing It for the First Time Rescued Camel Who Thinks He's a Goat Excitedly Plays in the Snow Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Accessibility Statement | Affiliate Disclosure Powered by Laughing Squid Hosting and WordPress VIP © 1995-2025 Laughing Squid LLC, all rights reserved