 
Toggle Dropdown
 
Sign In
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITIES BANKRUPTCY COMPETITION EMPLOYMENT WHITE COLLAR LEGAL INDUSTRY ACCESS TO JUSTICE LAW360 UK PULSE || SEE ALL SECTIONS || TAKE A FREE TRIAL
 
 
 
ADVERTISEMENT
Don"t want ads? Subscribe or login now.


3 Federal Circuit Clashes To Watch In January

By Ryan Davis

The Federal Circuit is set to hear several intellectual property cases in January, including one over a nine-figure patent judgment against cybersecurity company Gen Digital tied to a contempt finding against a major law firm that represented it, and another over the tech industry's long-running crusade against patent review denials based on related litigation.




Read Full Article

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 



 
 
 



ADVERTISEMENT


 
 
 



Follow Law360 On Social Media

Top Stories
Biggest Energy & Environmental Court Decisions Of 2025

By Keith Goldberg and Juan-Carlos Rodriguez

Two U.S. Supreme Court rulings that erected stricter boundaries on federal environmental reviews and permitting ...(read more)

The Court Cases That Defined Sports Law In 2025

By Alex Lawson

From a landmark settlement that looks to reshape the future of college athletics to an eye-popping victory for a...(read more)

Sanofi Buys Hepatitis Vaccine Maker Dynavax For $2.2B

By Najiyya Budaly

French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi SA said Wednesday that it will buy Dynavax Technologies, a U.S. vaccine developer, for $2.2 billion in a recommended cash deal to expand its adult immunization products.

Stonepeak Takes 65% In Castrol From BP In $10B Deal

By Najiyya Budaly

BP PLC said Wednesday that it is selling a majority stake in lubricants business Castrol to U.S. infrastructure investor Stonepeak in a $10.1 billion deal as the British oil and gas "supermajor" continues to streamline its business.

Trump Admin Beats Chamber Suit Over $100K H-1B Visa Fee

By Rae Ann Varona

A Washington, D.C., federal judge on Tuesday refused to block the Trump administration's new $100,000 H-1B visa fee, ruling in the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's lawsuit challenging the fee that President Donald Trump has "broad authority" to restrict noncitizens' entry.

Billionaire's Estate To Pay $750M To End Tax Fraud Case

By Craig Clough

The estate of late billionaire Robert Brockman, who died while awaiting a trial in the largest criminal tax fraud case against an individual in U.S. history, agreed Tuesday to pay roughly $750 million in back taxes and penalties, according to a filing in U.S. Tax Court. 

Texas Phone App Age Law Blocked Days Before Taking Effect

By Jared Foretek

A Texas federal judge on Tuesday overturned a state law that would age-gate app downloads and require app stores to display age ratings, holding that the law failed the narrow-tailoring standard under strict scrutiny, just days before it was set to take effect.

Top Gov't Contracts Policies Of 2025

By Madeline Lyskawa

The Trump administration made several prominent policy moves affecting contractors this year, including finalizing the U.S. Department of Defense's long-awaited rule implementing the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification program and releasing model deviation text slimming down the Federal Acquisition Regulation. Here, Law360 examines significant policy changes from 2025 that government contractors should know.

ITC Atty's 1st Kids' Book Imagines A Santa-Less Christmas

By Dani Kass

Michelle Klancnik, assistant general counsel at the U.S. International Trade Commission, spends her days looking into when imports should be banned for violating intellectual property rights, but outside work, she​'s focused on one big question: What would happen if Santa took a year off?

State Telecom Roundup: AGs Step Up War On Robocalls

By Nadia Dreid

Americans have been pummeled by more than 2.5 billion robocalls every month this year, and stanching the onslaught has become one of the more bipartisan issues in national politics. Federal and state authorities also agree on the magnitude of the issue, and the nation's attorneys general are teaming up for battle across the country at the state level.

DHS Finalizes Rule Shifting H-1B Odds To Higher Earners

By Britain Eakin

The Trump administration finalized changes to the H-1B lottery Tuesday, unveiling a final rule it said will favor higher-paid and higher-skilled positions and tamp down on employers exploiting the program to hire low-wage workers and depress the wages of U.S. workers.

3 Key Trends For The Legal Industry In 2025

By Tracey Read

Executive orders, updated office attendance policies and private equity interests were three top issues that shaped the industry this year.

20 Years Later: How A Pink House Reshaped Takings Law

By Aaron Keller

The U.S. Supreme Court's 2005 holding in the controversial eminent domain case Kelo v. New London remains intact despite multiple challenges to urban development projects, but its unpopularity has spurred most states to spend the past 20 years reshaping their land-taking laws.

Top International Trade Developments Of 2025

By Dylan Moroses

Importers faced novel levels of uncertainty in 2025 as President Donald Trump introduced several new tariff actions during his second term, including some that prompted importers to challenge a law used to authorize duties that had never been used before. Here, Law360 examines the year's top international trade developments.

 
 
 


ADVERTISEMENT




Latest News
Sanofi Buys Hepatitis Vaccine Maker Dynavax For $2.2B
Stonepeak Takes 65% In Castrol From BP In $10B Deal
Trump Admin Beats Chamber Suit Over $100K H-1B Visa Fee
Walmart Gets $623K As Sanction Award In Avocado Oil Suit
Top Illinois Decisions Of 2025
SEC, FAT Brands Near Deal In Suit On CEO's $27M Loan Scam
Ex-DOJ Employees Fight Gov't Bid To Toss Their Firing Suit
Intent Not Needed To Boost ID Theft Sentence, 9th Circ. Says
Farm To Pay $1M To Settle Claims It Favored Foreign Workers
Billionaire's Estate To Pay $750M To End Tax Fraud Case
 From The Courtroom
Health Co. CEO Gets 15 Years In $1.4B Fraud Scheme
Wis. Judge Guilty Of Felony For Obstructing ICE Arrest
Energy Transfer Wants Action On $345M Greenpeace Verdict
Anti-Fluoride Win Merits $9.5M In Fees From EPA, Judge Told
$10B Verdict Hinges On Witness Order, Katyal Tells Panel
NY Jury In FARA Trial Over China Ties Says It's Deadlocked
Judge Wants Live Nation Antitrust Trial Limited To 5 Weeks
Ex-Conn. Official Denied Hearing On Juror's Media Comment
Conn. Zantac Injury Bellwether Trials Set To Begin In 2028
American Bridge Hit With $4.8M Sanction For Discovery Abuse
 
 
 
ADVERTISEMENT


Expert Analysis
Navigating AI In The Legal Industry
As artificial intelligence becomes an increasingly integral part of legal practice, Law360 guest commentary this year examined evolv... (read more)
How 2026 NDAA May Ease Entry To Defense Contracting
Reforms to implement a warfighting acquisition system included in the 2026 National Defense Authorization Act, signed on Dec. 18, ar... (read more)
Reviewing 2025's Most Pertinent Wiretap Developments
2025 was a remarkable year in the world of web tracking wiretapping litigation, not only for the increased caseload but also because... (read more)
What Trump Order Limiting State AI Regs Means For Insurers
Last week's executive order seeking to preclude states from regulating artificial intelligence will likely have minimal impact on in... (read more)
The Law Firm Merger Diaries: Integrating Practice Groups
Enacting unified leadership and consistent client service standards ensures law firm practice groups connect and collaborate around ... (read more)
Read More Expert Analysis


 
 
 
Want to publish in Law360?


Submit an idea
 
 
 


Have a news tip?


Contact us here
 
 
 





 
 
 





ADVERTISEMENT



© 2025, Portfolio Media, Inc. | About | Contact Us | Careers at Law360 | Terms | Privacy Policy | Trust Center | Cookie Settings | Processing Notice | Ad Choices | Help | Site Map | Resource Library | Law360 Company | Testimonials

We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. You can manage your cookie preferences using the Cookie Settings link. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
Manage Cookie Settings