LawPay | #1 Legal Payment Management Software & Solution Skip to main content Start now, save big, and get paid fast. Sign up for 8am LawPay today and pay no monthly fee for 12 months. Claim offer 8am MyCase CasePeer DocketWise Sales: 866-376-0950 Support Log in Features Who We Serve Partner Network Member Programs Resources Pricing Schedule Demo Get Started Open  main menu Open main menu Fast, secure payments built for law firms For more than a decade, LawPay’s online payment technology has been trusted to help law firms get paid easier, more securely, and 39% faster. More importantly, LawPay ensures your firm accepts payments in compliance with ABA and IOLTA guidelines. Get Started No credit card required. Bar Programs LawPay is available through all 50 state bars, 60+ local and specialty bars, and the ABA as a vetted and recommended payment solution for the legal industry. Bar Programs Client Reviews Thousands of law firms benefit from the experts at LawPay. No one has more knowledge and experience in legal payments. Client Reviews Partners Legal payment technology integrated with most major practice management solutions.
More options to help build your practice. See Partners CLE Spotlight Future-proof your legal practice with AI—on your schedule. This on-demand course will show you how tools like ChatGPT can boost efficiency and help your firm thrive. View the Event Immigration lawyers, are you ready for the USCIS payment switch? Starting Oct. 28, USCIS will no longer take paper checks for filing fees. It’s a big change, but don’t stress—you can easily switch to virtual credit card payments with 8am™ Smart Spend. Learn more Powerful Legal Payment Management Software Law firms choose LawPay because it makes getting paid simple, secure, and fast. But more importantly, it gives you peace of mind, ensuring every transaction is handled in full compliance with ABA and IOLTA guidelines. Payments Billing & Invoicing Spend Management Financial Reporting Case Management Offer Flexible Payment Options. Stay Compliant Clients expect convenient ways to pay. You need to ensure that every transaction is secure and ethically sound. Accept payments by card or eCheck from anywhere while maintaining trust account compliance with built-in safeguards. Get a demo Explore Payment Features Get Paid On-time, For Every Hour You Work Billing shouldn’t take longer than the work itself. Create and send invoices quickly, track what’s been paid, and reduce the time you spend on follow-ups, so you can focus on your clients, not your collections. Get a demo Explore Billing & Invoicing Features Keep a Closer Eye on Firm Spending When you have a clear picture of where money is going, it’s easier to plan ahead. Track firm expenses, manage reimbursements, and keep spending organized, without digging through emails, receipts, or spreadsheets. Get a demo Explore Spend Management Features Get a Clear View of Your Firm Finances Understanding your firm’s financial health shouldn’t require a second career in accounting. Get the insights you need to stay on top of trust balances, cash flow, and collections so you can make informed decisions quickly. Get a demo Explore Financial Reporting Features Bring Payments and Cases Together When your billing tools work with your case management system, everything runs smoother. Keep casework, invoicing, and payments in sync—reducing errors, saving time, and making it easier to stay organized. Get a demo Explore Case Management Features Partnered with all 50 State Bar Associations Annually Monthly Reclaim lost billable revenue by $140,400 Annually Reduce time spent invoicing by 468hrs Annually Start saving today Clients billed monthly* How many clients do you invoice every month? 50 clients Billable rate* What is your hourly billable rate? $300 Time spent invoicing each client per month* On average, how much time do you spend invoicing each client every month? 1 hour Overdue invoices* How many late invoices are you currently trying to collect? 50 invoices *This information is reflected as estimates only and are not guaranteed. Learn more Disclaimer How the math works *Our time savings calculation assumes that the initial time spent
            drafting and mailing invoices is the same as the time spent
            following up with past-due clients. Your time and billable hours
            saved may vary. Time Savings: ((Clients Billed Monthly * Hours Spent Invoicing)+(Past Due Clients
            * Hours Spent Invoicing)) * LawPay’s Maximum Time Saving Potential
            (39%) = Time Savings (with LawPay) Billable Hours Saved: Time Savings * Hourly Rate = Billable Hours Saved (with LawPay) How this Law Firm Achieved Scalable Growth with LawPay You set the bar high. We help you get there. Learn how you can elevate your legal firm’s workflows and client satisfaction. Read More LawPay is the way to go. It's quick. It's simple. It's easy to use. Bill Moody / Account Manager, Strohmeyer Law PLLC Offering [LawPay] and Pay Later often makes the difference in a client's decision to choose our firm. Troy Cupps / Office Manager, Diana Cupps Law Hassle free payments! Valery C. / Managing Attorney Proud to be a legacy client. Ticora D. / CEO LawPay is loved by clients! Morgan B. / Attorney Get more done and make more money. Jeffrey Scholnick / Attorney,  Law Offices of Jeffrey Scholnick Ready to Sign Up? Join over 150,000 lawyers who have transformed the way they invoice, accept payments, and manage their practice. Get Started No credit card required. Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 5am-5pm PST Contact Support: (800) 459-5798 Contact Sales: (866) 376-0950 Contact us Features Payments Billing & Invoicing Financial Reporting Case Management Pricing Who We Serve Bankruptcy Law Criminal Defense Family Law Immigration Law Enterprise Solutions Small Law Firms and Solo Attorneys Partner Network Integrations Professional Associations Partner With Us Member Programs State Bars Local & Specialty ABA Advantage Canada Resources CLE Webinars Guides & eBooks Blog Videos Support Support Center FAQ Schedule Training Company About News Events Reviews Refer a Colleague Careers 8am Security Features Payments Billing & Invoicing Financial Reporting Case Management Pricing Who We Serve Bankruptcy Law Criminal Defense Family Law Immigration Law Enterprise Solutions Small Law Firms and Solo Attorneys Partner Network Integrations Professional Associations Partner With Us Member Programs State Bars Local & Specialty ABA Advantage Canada Resources CLE Webinars Guides & eBooks Blog Videos Support Support Center FAQ Schedule Training Company About News Events Reviews Refer a Colleague Careers 8am Security Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 5am-5pm PST Contact Support: (800) 459-5798 Contact Sales: (866) 376-0950 Contact us Get the LawPay App Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2025
8am, LLC. All Rights Reserved 8am™ is a trademark of 8am, LLC. Registration pending. 8am, LLC is a registered ISO of Synovus Bank, Columbus, GA., Fifth Third
      Bank, N.A., Cincinnati, OH, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Canadian Branch,
      Toronto, ON, Canada. The 8am™ Visa® Business Card is issued by Emprise Bank, pursuant to a
      license from Visa U.S.A., Inc.