FEEDBACK SAVE MORE ON APP SELL ON LAZADA CUSTOMER CARE TRACK MY ORDER LOGIN SIGNUP
 
SEARCH
 
TRY OUR APP
4.8 Rated
Get the Lazada app to enjoy
FREE SHIPPING
EXCLUSIVE VOUCHERS
Download the app now by scanning the QR code

Top Up & Pay Bills

Shop Best Brands

Flash Sale

On Sale Now
Ending in
06
:
51
:
29
SHOP ALL PRODUCTS

Astron OMNI 18" Industrial Electric Stand Fan - Black | Metal Blade | Heavy-Duty Cooling | Durable & Adjustable

₱
1,168.00
₱
1,299.00
-10%

Madre de Cacao Shampoo & Conditioner with Guava, Moringa, Neem and Acapulko Extracts 1 Gallon - Baby Powder Scent GREEN

₱
186.16
₱
1,200.00
-84%

Maybelline SuperStay Matte Ink Liquid Lipstick 16HR Long-Lasting, Transferproof, High Pigment, Waterproof

₱
449.00
₱
449.00

UGREEN USB Type C Fast Charger Data Cord for infinix note 30 xiaomi 11t 12t SAMSUNG S25 Ultra S24 S23 S22 S21 Ultra Realme 6 pro Samsung A71 for Poco x3 nfc Huawei P40 Nylon Braid

₱
100.00
₱
270.00
-63%

Unisex t-shirt for Mens Korean Sports Loose Teen Oversized Plus size Tops Printed Graphic OM221

₱
75.66
₱
198.00
-62%

Mitsushi MZHQ115 12'' Angle Grinder Chainsaw Adapter Electric Chainsaw ConverterCutting Machine Attachment Power Tool Kit

₱
275.00
₱
1,599.00
-83%

Categories

Mobiles
Outdoor Lighting
T-Shirts & Tanks
Wireless Earbuds
Power Banks
Christmas Decoration & Models
Phone Cables & Converters
Electrical Circuitry & Parts
Women's Dresses
IP Security Cameras
Draperies & Curtains
Kitchen Organizers
Tablets
Mobile Phone Cases
Wardrobe Organisers
Ceiling Lights
Just For You
































































































































































































































































































Customer Care
Help Center
How to Buy
Shipping & Delivery
International Product Policy
How to Return
Question?
Contact Us
Lazada
About Lazada
Afﬁliate Program
LAffiliate Academy
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Press & Media
Intellectual Property Protection
Always Better
Download the App
Payment Methods
      
Delivery Services
      
Verified by
The Top Online Shopping Experience with Lazada Philippines

As the top online shopping platform in the Philippines, Lazada continues to give its contributions to the growing e-commerce community in the country, creating several opportunities for brands and sellers to grow in their business, while also promoting their items online. At the same time, Filipinos are given new ways to discover and access the best products for themselves. Ordering legit and top-quality items online, fast and free delivery, and responsive logistics and customer services, all of these are continuously honed and perfected by Lazada using the company's decade-long experience in their quality service, constantly expanding the assortment of products and offering convenient payment options and delivery anywhere in the country. The true effortless shopping experience always begins with Lazada, since everything you want, whether t is fast service or the best products at the lowest prices.

Lazada's Logo doesn't just symbolize the love for e-commerce but also symbolizes a corner of the group's vision to provide excellent service and opportunities for sellers and customers to interact. The online shopping platform also values customer satisfaction through a long-term positive experience. Led by seasoned professionals and progressive thinkers, the company has grown o showcase new brands, support new competitive sellers and initiatives, and provide the best deals that buyers can easily make use of during the special campaigns.

Committed to both quantity and quality, Lazada continuesto provide its customers with a diverse selection of products at the lowest prices. Through partnershipswith brands and suppliers, many of the products sold on the platform are also assured 100% authentic, providing the constant rust that customers will get the original and top-quality selections every time. Top it all off with the numerous deals, flash sales, and free shipping vouchers from fun campaigns, and you get much of your money's worth online!

LAZADA - ADD TO CART, ADD TO LIFE

From the company's beginnings with "Effortless Shopping", to its formative years of assortment with "Nasa Lazada Yan", the online platform has proven through its numerous innovations the desire to offer its best services to its customers. With a continuously growing product assortment, legit product categories, and other initiatives for customer service and deals, customers can always anticipate an ever-evolving shopping experience that continues to be fun and engaging, whether they are new users or tenured Lazada fans for years. With online shopping also becoming larger in the country, Lazada also matches the growing expectations from its buyers when it comes to the best products that people can buy online. "Add to Cart, Add to Life" is a great mindset that instills in Filipinos that online shopping is essential and here to stay. Whether you are into the latest fashion trends or looking for the most updated gadgets and technology, or simply settling in with family or baby needs, the Lazada Group's got the right brands and competitive categories sorted for you any time, assuring you that everything you need is all in Lazada!

LAZADA'S GROWING SERVICES

Lazada's continuous growth in product inventory also allows the platform to improve its services to better suit the growing needs of its various customers. Trust is always essential when it comes to Lazada's value for customers. Through the different services and perks the platform provides, Filipinos are not only assured of their product's quality but also with the trusted services offered by the platform's logistics team. Fast and Free Shipping is a new initiative offered by Lazada, building up on the free shipping convenience that many customers have been benefiting from! You can shop online and be assured to receive your orders within three days!

LAZ PAYMENT CONVENIENCE

Online shopping and transactions are made simpler as Lazada offers you convenient ways to pay for your orders online. Aside from the trusted Cash on Delivery option, Lazada also accepts Credit Card payments through its secured online transaction. records. Customers can also enjoy seamless transactions through the LazWallet function. This digital wallet lets you load online credits and use them to effortlessly pay for the items you want online. You can also avail of other added vouchers, deals, and even cashback through LazWallet, giving you more ways to save more when buying through Lazada. Finally, the platform introduces the LazPayLater option for those who want to shop now and pay later through reasonable installments.

SOLID CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION

The best way to shop online is to know more about the products that you are buying. Today, Lazada continues to improve its communication with buyers through live-chats and customer care. You can now directly message the sellers offering you the products that you want and ask them more about the products live. You can also communicate Lazada's own customer care service, answering all of your inquiries with delivery dates and other important questions.

AUTHENTIC PRODUCT GUARANTEED

Customers have 24/7 access to the top brands and over 10 million products through Lazada online. Alongside this, there is also The LazMall , which also holds some of the competitive sellers, ranging from the small groups to the biggest brands, giving customers many more options to choose from. Accessed through the intuitive and efficient Lazada App, you can also get the latest updates on the top products sold, the upcoming campaigns, as well as avail app-exclusive deals just for you.

CONVENIENT RETURNS

Any product can be returned within 7 or 14 days upon delivery depending on the type of product purchased. The Customer Service team can also assist you with any of your questions. Thesse policies also fall under guaranteed services as trusted merchants and service providers can sell in the platform so that every item purchased will lead to a happy customer.

THE MOST POPULAR CATEGORIES

Find everything you need on Lazada easily, which is available from the most popular categories that are sought after. Especially for new users, you can also enjoy additional discount vouchers for your first purchase and free additional shipping, so don't wait up, hurry up and shop for new products with amazing deals right now!

THE HOTTEST CAMPAIGNS

A staple of the Lazada Group, customers can check out the latest deals and upcoming surprises offered through the hottest campaigns that comes each year! Experience the biggest sales like the Lazada Birthday Sale, the competitive midyear campaign, and largest online shopping festivals: the 11.11 and 12.12 Sale! The lowest prices, best deals, and fast and free shipping vouchers are all offered to you through these fun Lazada Sales that give you a combination of shop more, save more, and personal convenience.

Top Brands and Pages
MOBILES & TABLETS
Apple , Cherry Mobile , Asus , Samsung , Starmobile , Blackberry , Elephone , Gionee , Sony , LG
COMPUTERS & LAPTOPS
Toshiba , Dell , Microsoft , Western Digital , Transcend , Logitech , Razer , Kingston , A4tech
ELECTRONICS
VR Box , Ace , Marshall , Philips , TCL , The Platinum , Sennheiser , Ipega
CAMERAS
Sony , Panasonic , Fujifilm , Canon , GoPro , Transcend , SJCAM , Yunteng
HOME APPLIANCES
Strandard , American Home , Oster , LG , Carrier , La Germania , Koppel , Hanabishi , Singer , American Heritage
HOME & LIVING
Ikea , Uratex , Wilton , Cofta , Stanley , Mandaue , Firefly , Dewalt , Bosch , Philflex
MOTHER & BABY
Avent , Fisher Price , MamyPoko , Goodbaby , Huggies , Tiny Buds , IRDY , Enfant , Graco
HEALTH & BEAUTY
Luxxe , Gillette , Revlon , Olay , Shiseido , Maybelline , Rimmel London , Benetton , Colourpop
LOAD ONLINE
Globe , Smart , Talk N' Text
SPECIAL PROMOTIONS
Lazada Styles , LazBeauty , Lazada 9.9 Sale , Lazada 5.5 Sale , Lazada 2.2 Sale , 3.3 Birthday Opening Sale , Lazada 4.4 Lowest Price Sale , Lazada Motors Showroom
SHOP WORLDWIDE WITH ALIEXPRESS
Russia , Spain , France , Germany , Poland , Brazil , Saudi Arabia
SHOP WORLDWIDE WITH DARAZ
Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Myanmar , Nepal
WATCHES
Casio , Invicta , Michael Kors , Fossil
FASHION
Elena , Lacoste , Forerver 21 , Safety Jogger , Guess , Penshoppe , Mango , Kate Spade , Michael Kors , Vans
TRAVEL & LUGGAGE
High Sierra , Pilot , American Tourister , Anello , Halo , Tigernu , Rhinox , Thule , Case Logic
SPORTS & OUTDOORS
Coleman , Mikasa , Li-Ning , Shimano , XIX , Lagalag , Spalding , Giant , Twins , Wondercore
MOTORS
Hella , MT , Origine , LS2 , GIVI , Pioneer , Osram , Sparco
MEDIA, GAMES & MUSIC
Fernando , Epiphone , D&D , Hard Copy , Yamaha , Davis , Thomson , Behringer , Mozart
GROCERIES
Nestle , Samyang , Kracie , Sakura , Lotte , Nescafe , Jack Daniel's , Nestea , Nutella , Healthy Tropics
PETS
Puppy Love , Pedigree , Friskies , Acana , Vitality , Royal Canin , Petpals , St. Roche , Papi , Me-O
TOYS
Peppa Pig , Funko Pop , Pokemon , Intex , Gundam , Zootopia , Shopkins , Leap Frog , Hot Wheels
Lazada Southeast Asia
Follow Us
© Lazada 2025
X