Lifeboat Network – Join fifteen million others in a game changing Minecraft experience. Home Play Start Playing In-Game Rules Support Help & Support Report Player In-Game Ban Appeals Parent’s Guide Community Discord Server In-Game Moderation Map Builders Translation Program Education Partner With Us Creative Mode Build whatever your heart desires with all of the blocks readily available! Skyblock Grow your island by earning and selling your resources! Survival Mode Play with friends and survive against mobs and other players! Lifeboat City Experience life in the city by owning pets, getting a job, and more! Prison Unlock all of the mines, build on your plot, and be the biggest person in the PvP Mine! OITC Fast paced PvP that tests bow and sword abilities! Survival Games The classic battle royale-type PvP experience that started it all! Previous Next Celebration , Server Celebrating 11 Years Together As of this month, Lifeboat is officially 11 years old, and we think 11 years (a prime number!) is the perfect time to reflect on our time together. We want to acknowledge the ups and downs and express our gratitude for remaining a passionate and dedicated community. Thank you. As we move forward our commitment […] April 20, 2024 Marketplace , Server The Big Switch Since the last server update we’ve been spending most of our time creating lava survival, but there were also a few updates worth mentioning.. First off we removed switching, although it was an interesting mechanic, in practice switching is only really used by cheaters. This also brings this part of combat back up to parity […] Community , Server A Look Ahead A summary of recent server changes and a look at the roadmap. February 2, 2024 More Posts Need help? Our Support Team can help with any issues you are experiencing with our Server or Marketplace products. Contact Us Quick Links Start Playing In-Game Rules Help & Support Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Careers Recent Posts Celebrating 11 Years Together The Big Switch A Look Ahead Copyright © 2024 Hydreon Corporation. Lifeboat Network is a registered trademark
      of
      Hydreon Corporation. Official Minecraft Partners. Minecraft is a copyright of Mojang AB.