Homepage - The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Funeral Services for President Jeffrey R. Holland Learn More What We Believe Learn about The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Learn About Jesus Christ Get to know and follow Him Find Meaning in Your Life Seek God’s perspective Navigate Life’s Challenges Discover strength, direction, and peace All are welcome. Visit a church near you. We’re a Christ-focused community, doing our best to love and serve others. There’s a place for you here. Find a church near you. Find Common Questions Are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Christian? Yes! As members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God and the Savior of the World. He loves us all more than we can imagine. We consider ourselves devoted followers of Jesus. While some of our beliefs are distinct, we believe that through His life, ministry, sacrifice, and resurrection, Jesus Christ saves us from sin, suffering, and death. Learn more about our beliefs . What are Church services like? Church service times vary from congregation to congregation. However, you can always count on one main worship service for everyone, followed by classes for children, youth, and adults. The service for everyone is called “sacrament meeting.” This meeting consists of songs, prayers, and sermons (or “talks”) given by different members of the congregation every week. But the most important part of the meeting is when we take the sacrament (which is similar to communion) to remember the Savior. Learn more about Sunday services or find a church near you. Why does The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have temples? For Latter-day Saints, a temple is different from other Church buildings. The temple is a place where Latter-day Saints receive special instruction about God and Jesus Christ. In the temple, members make eternal covenants (or promises) with God. This includes promises to keep the commandments, live the gospel of Jesus Christ, be faithful in marriage, and to help take care of each other by sharing what we have. Also, because we believe families are forever , much of the work done inside temples is to make family bonds even stronger. Marriages in the temple are performed to last eternally, not just “until death do you part.” Parents and children become eternal families in temples. Ancestors can also receive all the blessings of the temple if someone performs the sacred ordinances in their behalf and they accept that act of service. Temples are busy places! What is the Book of Mormon? The Book of Mormon is a book of inspired scripture that teaches us about God and Jesus Christ. It helps us receive direction for our personal lives and can help us feel closer to Jesus Christ. Where does the name come from? Hundreds of years ago, an ancient prophet named Mormon compiled a record of his people. They faced a lot of the same challenges that we do. And just like us, they found strength when they turned to Jesus Christ. Get an introduction to the Book of Mormon with missionaries . The Book of Mormon stands alongside the Bible as another testament of Jesus Christ and His divine mission as the Savior and Redeemer of the world. Together, the Bible and the Book of Mormon provide more understanding of God’s great love for all of us and can help us come closer to Him. Learn more about how the Bible and Book of Mormon work together . Do we believe in the Bible? Yes. The Bible is the word of God, a sacred volume of scripture, and following its teachings brings joy to our lives. Along with the Bible, we also find inspiration in other books of scripture unique to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. They all work together to teach us important truths about God and Jesus Christ. Learn more about our belief in the Bible . View More Grow closer to God. Meet with missionaries. Meet online or in person. We’ll answer your questions and introduce you to your local church community. Request a Visit Jesus Christ, Our Perfect Example We need to love and do good to all. We need to avoid contention and be peacemakers in all our communications. This does not mean to compromise our principles and priorities, but to cease harshly attacking others for theirs. That is what our Perfect Role Model did in His ministry. That is the example He set for us, as He invited us to follow Him. President Dallin H. Oaks Prophet and president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints A Community of Faith Focused on Jesus Christ What to Expect at Church Church is a refuge from the chaos of everyday life—a place where you can worship God with other believers trying to be more like Jesus. We would love to have you visit! Learn More Our Beliefs All our beliefs center on God and Jesus Christ. Learn more about what we believe and how those core beliefs can inspire you to follow the Savior. Explore Get to Know Us You’ll find members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints all over the world. We’re your friends and neighbors working together to try to make the world a better place. Who We Are Get the latest news from the Church. Good things are happening around the world. Get current updates on Church projects, events, disaster relief efforts, and more. Visit Newsroom Find a Church Near You Meet with Missionaries Study the Book of Mormon