Cookies on le.ac.uk

We use cookies on our website to enhance your experience. Some of these cookies are essential, while others provide insights into how the site is being used, so we can improve your experience. By clicking "I Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.

I acceptI rejectCookie settings
Skip to content
Link to University of Leicester homepage
Study
International
Research
Services for Business
Alumni
About
Apply now

Take your place at a top 25 UK university. Apply now for undergraduate courses starting in 2026.

How to apply 
Submit an enquiry 
Vice-Chancellor awarded knighthood

University of Leicester’s President and Vice-Chancellor Professor Nishan Canagarajah has been awarded a knighthood in the King’s New Year Honours.

More details 
Previous slide
Toggle carousel autoplay
Next slide
Go to slide 1Go to slide 2
A Leading UK University
Find your perfect course
Search for a course
Select a course level
All courses
Undergraduate 2026
Postgraduate
Distance learning
Foundation
CPD

Popular searches: Law, Psychology, Computer Science, Biological Sciences, Engineering, Business

Discover our University
Looking to start university in 2026?

World-class teaching and research-inspired learning. Find out how to apply.

Start your Masters in 2026

Advance your careers with a Masters degree starting in April or September 2026.

Discover our accommodation

A wide range of room types to suit all budgets; your home from home.

We change lives, we are Citizens of Change
Gold Award

We have been awarded gold in the 2023 Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF)

Top 30 in the UK

We are in the top 30 in the 2021 Research Excellence Framework (REF), according to analysis by Times Higher Education

25th in the UK

Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2026

Top 15 in the UK

For student satisfaction in the 2025 National Student Survey, according to analysis by The Times

Study

A tailored education for the creators, discoverers and leaders of tomorrow.

Undergraduate
Postgraduate
International students
Distance learning
Research

Every day, world-changing research happens right here.

Research expertise
Research stories
Research degrees
Research institutes
Chat to our students
In the news
More news
17 Dec 2025
Explore the silent night this festive season: space scientist Maggie Aderin-Pocock to give Royal Institution’s Christmas Lectures on the BBC

University of Leicester’s Chancellor hosts the 2025 Christmas Lectures from the Royal Institution, broadcast on BBC Four and iPlayer on 28th, 29th...

29 Dec 2025
University of Leicester Vice-Chancellor knighted in King’s New Year Honours

University of Leicester’s President and Vice-Chancellor Professor Nishan Canagarajah has been knighted in the 2026 King’s New Year Honours.

16 Dec 2025
Sycamore Gap sapling planted in University of Leicester Botanic Garden

The University of Leicester’s Botanic Garden is now home to one of the iconic Sycamore Gap saplings from the National Trust

4 Dec 2025
Celebrated Rutland mosaic depicts ‘long-lost’ Troy story connecting Roman Britain to the ancient classical world

Ancient Historian at University of Leicester reveals that the Rutland mosaic depicts an alternative telling of the Trojan War to Homer’s Iliad,...

5 Dec 2025
Leicester expert’s tale of ancient library makes The Telegraph’s greatest books of 2025 list

A University of Leicester expert’s book explaining how ancient Mesopotamian knowledge shaped the roots of modern civilisation has been named as...

Site visitors
A-Z
Accessibility
Departments
Contact us
Facts and figures
Jobs
Staff and students
Blackboard
Library
Remote Access
Staff
Students
Find us

The University of Leicester,
University Road,
Leicester,
LE1 7RH,
United Kingdom

Campus map

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The University of Leicester received a gold rating in Teaching Excellence Framework 2023. This means our student experience and student outcomes are typically outstanding.
Legal  Freedom of Information  Data Protection  Privacy Notices  Ts and Cs of your offer  Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement (PDF, 249kb)  Student Protection Plan  Manage Cookies
Back to top