Multi-Touch Attribution Done Right | LeadsRx Products Pricing Resources Support About Solutions Login Demo Products 5 LeadsRx Attribution™ Measure across ALL Channels 5 LeadsRx Privacy Studio™ Establish a privacy-first approach to data 5 LeadsRx Journey™ Optimize conversion paths Case Studies Agency Ups Client Perfomance Through Analytics View All Use Cases 5 Ecommerce Find the best path to purchase with customer journey analytics 5 Media Measure and optimize ad performance across all channels 5 Managed Service See why "People + Data = Better" with full-service support 5 Agencies Get big results for your clients with dedicated analytics 5 Enterprise Grow your brand and improve performance with data and insights 5 Podcast Attribution Take a multi-touch attribution approach to track your podcast advertising 5 Blog Relevant posts on marketing analytics and related topics 5 Podcasts Audio interviews and features 5 Case Studies Customer success stories 5 Videos Educational content on marketing analytics topics 5 Downloads Docs with tips for increasing marketing performance 5 Terminology Common marketing terms Multi-Touch Attribution Software that Works for Any Marketing Mix LeadsRx is a software platform used by enterprise marketers and agencies as the foundation of performance-based measurement. Impartial multi-touch attribution omni-channel insights give brands the confidence to make better marketing decisions. Schedule A Demo Multi-Touch Attribution Software that Works for Any Marketing Mix LeadsRx is a software platform used by enterprise marketers and agencies as the foundation of performance-based measurement. Impartial multi-touch attribution omni-channel insights give brands the confidence to make better marketing decisions. Schedule A Demo About LeadsRx LeadsRx is a leading software platform for marketing attribution that has helped more than 5,000 global and local brands and agencies increase marketing performance. All software products from LeadsRx leverage our Universal Pixel™, which captures anonymous, first-party data about your prospects and customers. Place the pixel directly on your website or use any tag manager. Once you do, the pixel immediately begins learning about marketing programs without the need to re-tag advertising. Our Attribution Solutions LeadsRx Privacy Studio™ LeadsRx Privacy Studio™ is a framework that establishes a Data Clean Room and puts IT teams in control of where and how collected data is stored. Corporate policy for privacy, user consent, and access become cornerstones of the system with IT squarely at the helm. Explore Our Privacy Studio Solution LeadsRx Attribution™ Today’s eCommerce and B2B companies rely on multi-touch attribution (MTA) to evaluate campaigns across all channels, throughout the entire sales funnel, and without bias. Explore Our MTA Solution LeadsRx Journey™ Customer journey analytics (CJA) provides insight into individual consumer behavior while finding commonalities across audiences and cohorts. Explore Our CJA Solution Customer Satisfaction + Data to Back It Up Marketing attribution is critical for all marketing organizations, and that’s why a great Customer Success team is essential. At LeadsRx, we are proud of our NPS score, which is more than double the average for a SaaS B2B vendor. 0 + LeadsRx product users 0 % An industry-leading average NPS rating Multi-touch attribution that converts every marketing touch into revenue Get objective feedback on how your ad mediums are performing across ALL channels to get an objective and impartial view of how programs work together.   Digital   Broadcast Radio   Streaming Audio   Linear TV   CTV/OTT Digital LeadsRx uses a proprietary Universal Pixel™ that captures 100% of in-bound digital traffic to your website no matter where it comes from. Learn More Broadcast Radio The LeadsRx approach provides an off-the-shelf omni-channel solution for evaluating the performance of TV and radio advertising in conjunction with all other marketing channels. Learn More Streaming Audio Our cross-channel attribution provides data about how your OTT, CTV, and podcast campaigns are performing, individually and in conjunction with other channels, to drive customer engagement. Point solutions, like those for podcasts, cannot provide an impartial, holistic view. Learn More Linear TV We also use MTA to identify how ALL channels are contributing to customer journeys – digital paid and organic search, social, mobile, trade shows, direct mail, inbound calls, and more. Learn More CTV/OTT Streaming advertising is incorporated into the attribution data and insights with all other marketing channels to provide a complete view of the overall customer journey. See how OTT/CTV ads contribute to that journey. Specifically within the streaming realm, we’ll measure: Impressions and visits to advertiser websites Long-lead conversions influenced by ads Website lift due to ad exposure Segmentation on dimensions such as creative, ad position, show, duration Segmented ROI analysis Learn More “LeadsRx technology allows us to talk to our clients about multi-touch campaigns. We talk about touchpoints, the sales funnel and the customer journey.” Michael Frischling , Co-Owner, VP, Steel City Media "It’s been an invaluable tool to us to make sure our ad spends are working." Dan Browdy , COO, VP, ZQuiet Schedule A Demo Today Learn how marketing analytics works. “I like how granular their insights and reporting gets. It paints a detailed picture on the customer journey and each touchpoint within.” Roy M , LeadsRx Customer Schedule A Demo Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Schedule A Demo Today Learn how marketing analytics works. Schedule A Demo Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. “I like how granular their insights and reporting gets. It paints a detailed picture on the customer journey and each touchpoint within.” Roy M , LeadsRx Customer Recognition Privacy First Privacy Policy About Contact Support Demo GDPR CCPA DMCA Do Not Sell My Information Terms Accessibility statement Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Listen on Apple and Spotify Recent Posts The Role of Attribution in Account-Based Marketing (ABM) In ABM, attribution isn’t just about credit—it’s a key part of your strategy for understanding the journey an account takes. You can trace how someone discovered your brand, what sparked interest, and which actions helped build internal support. For example, a webinar... Attribution for Subscription-Based Models: Understanding Customer Lifetime Value Subscription-based businesses are built on long-term relationships. Whether you’re offering software, streaming services, or monthly products, sustainable growth relies not just on gaining customers—but on keeping them. That’s where attribution in a subscription model... Attribution in the Age of Personalization: Tracking the Impact of Tailored Campaigns In today’s marketing landscape, personalization isn’t just a nice-to-have—it’s expected. Consumers are bombarded with messages daily, and what cuts through the noise are the ones that feel like they were made just for them. Whether it’s a product recommendation that... Headquarters LeadsRx, Inc #603-401 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, V6B 5A1 Privacy First Privacy Policy About Contact Support Demo GDPR CCPA DMCA Do Not Sell My Information Terms Accessibility statement Recent Posts The Role of Attribution in Account-Based Marketing (ABM) In ABM, attribution isn’t just about credit—it’s a key part of your strategy for understanding the journey an account takes. You can trace how someone discovered your brand, what sparked interest, and which actions helped build internal support. For example, a webinar... Attribution for Subscription-Based Models: Understanding Customer Lifetime Value Subscription-based businesses are built on long-term relationships. Whether you’re offering software, streaming services, or monthly products, sustainable growth relies not just on gaining customers—but on keeping them. That’s where attribution in a subscription model... Attribution in the Age of Personalization: Tracking the Impact of Tailored Campaigns In today’s marketing landscape, personalization isn’t just a nice-to-have—it’s expected. Consumers are bombarded with messages daily, and what cuts through the noise are the ones that feel like they were made just for them. Whether it’s a product recommendation that... Headquarters LeadsRx, Inc 844-MAX-ROAS 503-436-7762 4100 Garfield St, Suite 400 Denver, CO 80206 Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Listen on Apple and Spotify