B2B Lead Generation Software | Leadfeeder × Pricing Product Web Visitors Integrations Connectors IP Enrich API Solutions Lead Generation Account Based Marketing Website Visitor Tracking Sales Prospecting Resources Blog Customers Webinars B2B Rebellion Guides GDPR Academy Company About Our Data Press Contact Us Jobs We're Hiring Login Free trial Pricing Product Web Visitors Integrations Connectors IP to Company Company to IP Solutions Lead Generation Account Based Marketing Website Visitor Tracking Sales Prospecting Resources Blog Customers Webinars B2B Rebellion Guides GDPR Academy Company About Our Data Press Contact Us Jobs We're Hiring Login Free trial Request demo Turn pageviews into pipeline Identify the companies already visiting your website and convert them into high-value leads. Start your free trial Request a demo By continuing with the sign up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy . 14-day free trial No credit card needed Trusted by: A plan to fit your website traffic Your price tier is based on how many companies we identify monthly. If the same company visits your site multiple times they still count as one. We automatically filter out ISPs and low-quality traffic, ensuring that only visits originating from companies are included. By using Leadfeeder we’ve increased the amount of qualified sales leads by 34% Steve Jackson CEO Quru Monthly Shows pricing when billed annualy and monthly Annual save 30% Companies identified Monthly cost up to 50 € 99 51 - 100 € 119 101 - 200 € 143 201 - 400 € 215 401 – 700 € 299 701 – 1000 € 329 1001 – 2000 € 389 2001 – 3000 € 419 3001 – 5000 € 509 5001 – 10000 € 719 10001 – 20000 € 899 20001 – 40000 € 1199 × Pricing that matches your business needs Free € 0 no time limit on free plan Get started Get started with Free: Unlimited users Data from last 7 days only Max 100 identified companies Paid starting at € 99 per month, paid annually Start your free trial For sales & marketing teams: Based on companies identified Unlimited visits data storage Unlimited users Here’s how we uncover your hidden leads See how Leadfeeder identifies companies visiting my site 01 – Identify 02 – Qualify 03 – Connect 04 – Send leads Identify Website Visitors Leadfeeder identifies the names of the companies visiting your website. Turn anonymous traffic into real company names Reveal the exact behavior of the companies visiting your website Identify companies with Leadfeeder, even if their employees work remotely Qualify High Potential Leads Use Leadfeeder’s custom segmentation to qualify visitors and identify buying intent. Remove all ISP traffic, leaving you with real companies only Use 50+ behavioral and firmographic filters to qualify the companies with the highest potential Score visitors automatically based on their web activity Connect with Decision Makers Determine the best person to contact from a company that visits your website. Search for decision makers in a robust global database Filter contacts based on job role, seniority or location Export and sync email addresses, phone numbers and LinkedIn profiles Sync with your CRM Leadfeeder empowers sales with the intel they need, in the tools they use most. Integrate with all major CRM and marketing automation tools Automatically sync visit data with your CRM. Our integrations are native and two-way Create powerful reports using website visitor and CRM data Over 80,000 salespeople, marketers, and agencies use Leadfeeder to get better results Explore how you can benefit from Leadfeeder Sales Marketers & Agencies Find ready-to-buy sales leads The people who visit your website are much more likely to buy than someone who has never heard of you. Don’t let those ready-to-buy leads escape. Beat competitors to the sale Studies* show that contacting leads quickly makes it much more likely you will close the deal. Contact your leads before your competitors are even aware of them. * Source: Harvard Business Review, “The Short Life of Online Sales Leads” Build better sales pitches See what content prospects are interested in and use that information in your pitches. Anticipate their needs before you ever speak to them. * Source: Harvard Business Review, “The Short Life of Online Sales Leads” Start using Leadfeeder Make your sales team happy Sales teams get instant access to a quality, prioritised lead list. All you need to do is install Leadfeeder on your site. True campaign measurement At last, you can see what traffic sources bring target companies to your site. Close the measurement gap from click to sale. Optimize marketing content See what companies engage with on your site. Use that data to optimize your content for the prospects you want to convert. Start using Leadfeeder Integrate with the tools you already use Don’t see your favorite tool listed? Use Zapier to automatically send Leadfeeder’ data to over 5,000 apps, including CRMs, spreadsheets, BI tools, and more. See more integrations Pipedrive Create new deals directly from Leadfeeder Hubspot Populate your CRM with buyer intent data. Salesforce Connect your leads to your Salesforce accounts. Slack Get notified when a targeted company visits your website. Google Ads Identify the exact keywords engaging your target accounts. Microsoft Dynamics See which companies visiting your website are already in your CRM. Our users love the quality of our leads 9 out of 10 customers agree that the quality of Leadfeeder's data is superior to other providers Filtered for quality leads Your lead list is automatically scrubbed of bots, ISPs and other valueless traffic. Remove unwanted companies Easily filter and hide companies yourself so you only see (and pay for) quality leads. A track record of quality Our data quality team has been improving how we identify leads since 2012. FAQs If you have any further questions you can chat to our team by using the chat icon in the bottom right of the screen. They typically reply within minutes. How is Leadfeeder data kept accurate and up to date? Leadfeeder automatically removes bots, ISPs, and other low-quality traffic sources, so you only get a list of high-quality identified companies. Unlike other tools, you also have the option to remove unwanted companies yourself. Our unique machine learning algorithm creates a fresh and accurate version of the IP-to-company database every day. It uses our proprietary data and combines it with millions of external signals and public IP registration databases. Every month around 20% of the database changes, so updating it on a daily basis is important. How does Leadfeeder compare to other options? Because our tool has been around for 10+ years and has been used by over 80,000 users it has a mature feature set built on top of a user-friendly interface. We offer all the functionality of more expensive tools at a fraction of the price. I already have a marketing automation tool-why do I need Leadfeeder? Most marketing automation tools capture only 2% of your website visits as the users need to fill out forms, so that you get any data about them. Leadfeeder helps you identify the companies that the marketing automation tools miss. Is Leadfeeder GDPR compliant? Leadfeeder is a fully GDPR-compliant solution. It collects behavioral data of the companies visiting your website, including the pages viewed, where they came from, and how long they spent on your site. IP addresses are collected to determine the company and its geographic location. By default Leadfeeder only shows company visits, not individuals. Leadfeeder only tracks individuals when you opt in and when the individuals identify themselves on your website (via form submissions or email integrations). Leadfeeder also enriches company visit data with publicly available business contact data. Can Leadfeeder identify companies whose employees work remotely? Yes, unlike some of our competitors, Leadfeeder can identify the companies even if their employees work remotely. When people work remotely, they usually use dynamic IP addresses that change ownership frequently, making them more difficult to track. Our IP database receives a constant stream of updates from multiple data sources to stay up to date when ownership of IP addresses changes. This allows us to identify companies, even if their employees work from home. What happens at the end of my free trial of Premium? At the end of your trial your Leadfeeder will be automatically downgraded to the free version of Leadfeeder, called Leadfeeder Lite, and you won’t be charged anything. But if you have purchased a Premium subscription during your trial period you will automatically continue with Premium at the end of your free 14-day trial. Is there a free version of Leadfeeder? Yes. There is a basic version of Leadfeeder with limited functionality available for free called Leadfeeder Lite. Leadfeeder Lite shows the last 7 days worth of leads only, doesn’t show what companies do on your website and doesn’t include integrations and many other advanced features. Users who do not purchase a paid plan will be automatically downgraded to Leadfeeder Lite when their trial ends. Generate quality leads from website traffic Start now! Free 14-day trial No credit card needed Instantly see your leads Identify. Qualify. Connect. Product Product Tour Integrations Pricing Lead Generation Website Visitor Tracking Account Based Marketing Sales Prospecting Software Website Visitor API Connectors API Resources Blog Webinars Guides Academy Company About Our Data Contact Us Customers Help Center Jobs We're Hiring Brand Assets Request a Feature Other Partners Terms & Conditions Privacy GDPR Sitemap Cookie settings Compare Lead Forensics Albacross VisitorQueue HubSpot ZoomInfo Product Product Tour Integrations Pricing Lead Generation Website Visitor Tracking Account Based Marketing Sales Prospecting Software Website Visitor API Connectors API Resources Blog Webinars Guides Academy Company About Our Data Contact Us Customers Help Center Jobs We're Hiring Brand Assets Request a Feature Other Partners Terms & Conditions Privacy GDPR Sitemap Cookie settings Compare Lead Forensics Albacross VisitorQueue HubSpot ZoomInfo Identify. Qualify. Connect.