Connected decisions drive growth.
Learn to power smarter strategies with data in our new eBook.

Download Now
myJornaya
Support
Industries
Products
Resources
About
Contact
Happy Customers Start with Great Personalization|
Find the right customers at the right time with data and insights to create personalized experiences and profitable growth strategies.

Get the Data to Do It

Consumers make decisions in an instant.
You need to be just as fast.
As consumers change over time, you need to be prepared to change with them. We help marketers and platform partners remove the guesswork around identifying and understanding their ideal customers with the latest identities, demographics, lifestyle attributes, permissions, and in-market behaviors.

We help you to reach the right person, with the right message, at the right time, all with the consumer’s data security & privacy in mind.

A One-of-a-Kind View

Verisk Marketing Solutions merges the proprietary identity and behavioral data assets of Infutor and Jornaya—creating one-of-a-kind data solutions for consumer intelligence, lead intelligence, TCPA consent verification, and marketing personalization.

We’ve helped thousands of marketers and platform partners power more personalized marketing and acquire, retain, and grow their ideal customers.

Solve the Mystery of Who, What, and When
WHO

Gain a more complete picture of who consumers are based on accurate identity data for US consumers and households.

Identify who you’re targeting.

WHAT

Understand your customers based on up-to-date attributes, such as demographics, property and automobile ownership.

Personalize engagements with relevant messaging.

WHEN

Know how your customers are shopping, based on early in-market behavior across thousands of comparison-shopping websites.

Reach consumers when they’re shopping.

“It’s our Rosetta Stone of Consumer Data. After extensive exploration of other providers we found Verisk Marketing Solutions’ identity graph to be the most comprehensive and accurate view of all US consumers and households. This has given us the foundation we need to improve the efficacy and value of all our other data sets—elevating our ability to innovate and deliver novel solutions to our customers.”
Jay Huckabay
President & CEO, Consumer Orbit
Data & Technology to Future-Proof Performance
1st Party Data Enrichment

Confidently personalize interactions and power more efficient marketing by enriching your first-party data.

Identity Scoring & Completion
Attribute Enrichment
In-market Shopping Signals

Explore More

Real-Time Decisions

Insights to help acquisition marketers improve conversion, compliance, and experience across your website forms, purchased leads, and inbound calls.

Intelligence to Optimize Lead Buys
Verify TCPA Consent
Identity Scoring & Completion
Enrich Leads with Consumer Attributes

Discover More

Data Licensing & Syndication

The ingredients to empower in-house marketing teams, data companies, and platforms with on-premise data sets and file installations to:

Build Products
Create Identity Graphs
Modeling & Scoring
Building Advertising Profiles & Audiences

Build More

Verisk Marketing Solutions helps marketers acquire, retain, and grow the customers they love, and personalize experiences that make customers love them back.
Let Us Show You How
We are proud to call a wide variety of leading Insurance Carriers, Mortgage Lenders, Banks, Credit Unions, Higher Education Institutions, Platform Service Providers, and Lead Generation firms our customers and partners. Together, we are working to improve consumer experiences and profitability through data driven insights.
Privacy By Design

We maintain the highest standards for data security and consumer privacy, preference, and permission. All of our data is compliant with state and federal rules for permissible collection and use of consumer data and right to opt-out.

Learn More

Discover the data and insights to future-proof omnichannel personalization.

Let’s Talk

Additional Resources to Guide You
The Top 7 Blogs Marketers Couldn’t Stop Reading in 2025

2025 kept marketing teams on their toes. H.R. 2808 rewrote acquisition rules for lenders, the FCC’s consent debate stirred discussion, […]

Read more
HR 2808 Is Now Law, Here’s What Financial Services Marketers Need to Do Next

In our last post, “HR 2808: Credit Trigger Leads Are Changing,” we unpacked what this legislation means for the industry.Now […]

Read more
Your Best Insurance Customers Are Already Shopping—Here’s What You Can Do About It

Key Takeaways: Data signals and customer trends are reshaping insurance retention and acquisition Insights from J.D. Power’s latest auto insurance […]

Read more
Stay connected on the latest from Verisk Marketing Solutions

Submit

What We Do
1st Party Data Enrichment & Monitoring
Real-Time Decisions
Data Licensing & Syndication
LeadiD Creator Program
Strategic Alliances
Services
Who We Help by Industry
Insurance
Consumer Finance
Higher Education
Platforms & Service Providers
Real Estate & Home Services
Who We Help by Role
CMOs & Marketers
Compliance
Lead Acquisition
Lead Sellers
Product & Strategy
More
About Us
Resources
Leadid Creator Program Sign Up
Podcast
Privacy Center | Manage Cookie Preferences
 Your Privacy Choices for Platform Services | Data Services
   
© 2025 
Verisk Marketing Solutions
All rights reserved.
USA: 
1-800-888-4476
Global: 
800 48977489
Lead Intelligence, Inc, (D/B/A Verisk Marketing Solutions) and Infutor, LLC are data brokers under Texas law.
To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS).
Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website at https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies