Landing Page Builder for Lead Generation Platform Solutions Templates Resources Pricing Log in Sign Up Free Leadpages now integrates with Klaviyo! Capture and convert leads into lifelong customers. Check it out → Powerful Landing Pages That Convert Launch high-converting landing pages faster, generate qualified leads, and optimize your marketing efforts—all with one simple solution. Start my trial Proof is in the performance Leadpages empowers you to drive more leads, backed by actionable conversion data and proven results. With millions of clicks per day, we let our results do the talking. 466k+ businesses served worldwide 9.1m+ leads collected per month 5x more conversions than the industry average Data-driven lead capture solutions Everything you need to launch landing pages, optimize your strategy, and make the most of your leads. Intuitive builder for conversion-optimized landing pages Create high-converting landing pages without writing a single line of code. Build multiple variations, A/B test different page elements, and continually optimize your results based on real conversion data. Create optimized pages Lead enrichment for more effective nurturing Unlock the full potential of your leads by automatically adding key details like industry, company size, location, and more. Know your leads better to more effectively convert them to customers. Enrich my leads Smart team features for streamlined collaboration Collaborate with your team to build more effective landing pages. Assign individual logins to every team member and leave feedback right in the builder to streamline your page creation. Build better together A/B Testing for optimization Create multiple landing page variations to better understand what drives action with your audience. Experiment with different headlines, images, CTAs, and more to continuously optimize your page. Optimize performance Tailored solutions for your unique business Whether you're an agency seeking improved results, a business owner scaling your marketing, or an enterprise wanting to expand your reach, Leadpages empowers you to succeed. Marketing Teams Create high-converting landing pages, pop-ups, and alert bars without the need for developers or engineers. Use an intuitive drag-and-drop solution to go from concept to execution in a matter of minutes. Agencies Scale your agency and maximize your performance with a results-focused solution. Launch pages faster than ever with collaborative tech and gather critical audience insights to share with your clients. Businesses Optimize your lead collection strategy with powerful conversion tools, including AI assistants and custom forms. Build and launch pages quickly, then analyze the results and perform A/B tests to continually improve performance. Enterprise Streamline marketing launches and maximize your results with a robust lead optimization solution. Integrate your landing pages and lead collection with email marketing platforms, CRMs, analytics tools, and more to enhance your entire tech stack. Smarter Features, Bigger Impact Supercharge your marketing with intelligent optimization tools and AI-powered tech. Explore the platform AI content generation Generate copy and create the perfect image in seconds with the power of AI. SEO & performance Drive more organic traffic with optimized templates, industry-leading page load speeds, and SEO tools. Lead management Track, manage, and backup leads, all inside your Leadpages account, or integrate with your CRM. Conversion toolkit Optimize your landing pages, promote offers on your website, and analyze your results—all from one toolkit. On-page transactions Generate bottom-of-funnel revenue by selling products and services right on your landing pages. Mobile optimization Create a completely unique experience for mobile users that drives conversions and puts your best foot forward. Explore every feature built to elevate your lead generation and simplify success. All Features Integrate with your entire marketing stack From email marketing and CMS platforms to analytics and automation tools, Leadpages integrates seamlessly with all your favorite apps Integrations The perfect template for every marketing need Lead Generation Introduce your brand to a new audience and collect qualified leads. Lead Gen Templates Consultation & Demo Schedule consultations or demos to show off your product or service and give prospective customers a taste of what your business has to offer. Consultation Templates Offers Drive attention to your brand. Advertise special and limited-time offers to increase conversions. Offer & Discount Templates Events Promote your events. Get leads with free events and generate more registrations for your paid events. Event Templates Sales Turn leads into customers. Nurture your leads and then direct them to your paid products and services when they’re ready to become customers. Sales Templates Browse over 250 professionally designed templates tailored to convert. Explore Template Gallery Results worth raving about See how Leadpages has transformed businesses just like yours. " We don’t just use Leadpages for designing landing pages. We use it for pop-ups, lead gen forms, and A/B testing...the list goes on. Leadpages just makes marketing easier, which means we spend less time building campaigns and more time building our business. " Nicki Krawczyk Founder, Filthy Rich Writer Marketing Resources Level Up With Expert Resources Marketing Resources Landing Page Lookbook See 75+ Landing Page Examples AI Playbook 10 AI Strategies for Lead Generation Podcast Marketing Insights With a Musical Twist More Leads. More Conversions. Start for Free. Ready to soar past your marketing goals? Try Leadpages free for 14 days and discover a faster and more powerful lead optimization solution. Sign Up Free 212 3rd Ave N, Ste 475  Minneapolis MN, 55401-1478 Platform Platform Overview Landing Page Templates Plans Comparisons Resources Marketing Resources Blog Landing Pages Guide Lead Generation Guide Optimization Guide Community & Support Help Center Customer Stories Affiliate Program System Status Company About Press Careers Contact Us © 2025 Leadpages (US), Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Legal Leadpages is part of the Redbrick family of brands.