LeagueApps - The Best Youth Sports Management Software Product  Product Youth Sports Management Platform The tools to manage your programs LeagueApps Mobile Apps Engage your teams and empower your coaches Youth Sports Websites Websites built for your organization Platform features: Registration Payments Communications Scheduling Reporting Facilities Integrations Solutions  Sports Baseball Basketball Field Hockey Football Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Volleyball Roles Admins Coaches Parents Program Types Camps Clubs Leagues Tournaments Resources  Why LeagueApps? Case Studies Competitor Comparison Resources Blog Guides, Tools, and Videos Support Help Center API Documentation Product Updates Contact Us Community NextUp is the largest youth sports leadership community for building relationships and learning. Learn More About Us  builtin About Our Story Our Team Careers Media Room Impact Through FundPlay we help families in undeserved communities get access to youth sports. Learn More Advocacy With PLAYS coalition we advocate at the national level for youth sports funding and support. Learn More Pricing  Login Get a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Make Sports Happen Operate and grow your organization and facility with the most comprehensive youth sports management platform. Get a Demo Everything You Need, All In One Place Power your registration, payments, communications, scheduling, reporting, facilities, and website design to more effectively run your clubs, camps, tournaments, and leagues. No other platform allows you to manage your operations both on and off the field or integrates with as many third-party tools. Sports Management Platform Through the most comprehensive youth sports management platform, you have all of the tools, training, and resources to successfully run your clubs, camps, tournaments and leagues. Registration Communications Payments Scheduling Reporting Facilities LeagueApps Mobile Apps Put your programs in the palms of members’ hands with the youth sports mobile app for team management and communication. Admins, coaches, parents, and players can view team schedules, RSVP for games and practices, get directions to the field, and more…directly in the app. Youth Sports Websites Showcase your youth sports organization with a custom WordPress website that tells your story and puts your registration front and center. Work directly with a designer to build a unique youth sports website that is the center of the digital destination for your club, camp, tournament, facility, and league. Product Feature The most advanced data and analytics platform for youth sports Grow your programs and optimize investments with advanced insights and instant access to real-time reporting—all within LeagueApps. Get started Powering Leading Clubs, Camps, Tournaments, Leagues, and Facilities Grow Your Revenue And Your Business Tailor everything from programs to payment plans and auto-billing, to communications and e-commerce flows so you can meet parents and players where they are, collect more fees on time, and accrue additional revenue along the way. Get A Demo Learn More Support Through Onboarding & Beyond We’re on your team. That’s why we provide championship customer support 365 days of the year. Onboarding Assistance We’ll guide you through program set up so you can get the most out of LeagueApps. Same-Day Support Our support team will respond to your questions within 24 hours. Growth Consultations We’ll help you identify the right integrations to grow and scale your business. “We’re not tech savvy. It’s not something I wanted to focus on. People can go to our site and see what we’re about. Our instagram, information about COVID, they can go shopping… now we don’t have to focus on it. We can be in the gym with kids. It’s super easy to update, it’s just taken us to a different level and sets us apart a little bit.” Tatum McKenzie Boco Volleyball "Overall, since working with LeagueApps, we simply have more time to do what we want to do. We spend less time on the admin side and more time on the soccer field providing the best experience we can for our families.” Craig Thomas Northeast Rush "LeagueApps has made it so easy to launch new revenue channels. As we expand to new locations and offer new programs, it’s great to know that LeagueApps can support everything we do." George Breres Team 91 Lacrosse Not Just A Platform. A Partnership. We’re committed to building and developing youth sports by helping to build the community of youth sports professionals and by investing to make youth sports accessible to all. Making Youth Sports Accessible for All We’re dedicated to finding ways to give back to and provide more value to the youth sports industry—and all the people that make youth sports happen. Through events, webinars, content, partnerships, grants, and more, we’re building the go-to community for youth sports professionals and elevating leaders who are making sports more accessible for all. Learn More About FundPlay Level Up Your Leadership with NextUp NextUp is the industry’s only community for youth sports management. Grow your career with professional development and networking. The annual NextUp conference is the premier event for youth sports leaders, and LeagueApps customers get a free membership in NextUp and discounts on NextUp Conference tickets. Learn More about NextUp Let’s Be Teammates Operate and grow your organization so you can play to win. Get started with the industry’s only youth sports management platform today. Get a Demo Your browser does not support the video tag. Sports Management Platform LeagueApps Mobile Apps Youth Sports Websites Pricing Features Registration Payments Communications Scheduling Reporting Integrations Facilities Sports Baseball Basketball Field Hockey Football Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Volleyball Roles Admins Coaches Parents Program Types Camps Clubs Leagues Tournaments Resources Blog Guides, Tools, and Videos Support Help Center API Documentation Product Updates Contact Us About Our Story Our Team Careers Media Room Subscribe to the Youth Sports Highlight Reel © LeagueApps 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Youth Registrant Privacy Policy Youth Registrant Terms of Service Security Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information