The Comic Geek Community & Free Comic Book Collection Tool Search Comics, Titles, Creators & More × Search For Fans For Retailers Community Browse New Comics Login The world of comics and your friends in one place Discover and discuss comics, organize your collection, track reading progress and manage your pull list with over 300,000 other comic fans Get Started Pick a Username Password Email Already have an account? Login Share Your Inner Geek Pull List Software Comic Collection Software Comic Book Database Community & Social Network Pull List Software Track Upcoming Releases There's no more guess work, dated catalogs or constant check-ins with creator social media accounts to stay in the know. Find out what's on the horizon and when they're hitting stores shelves and digital storefronts with up-to-date new comics release calendars and Final Order Cutoff information. Subscriptions Pull all future issues of a series, by creator, or just a single issue. All configurable. Spend forecasting Review your pull list stats with spend this week, this month, and next month. LCS sync Connect and share your pull list with participating local comic stores. Push and Email notifications Every Tuesday evening, we'll send you reminders of what's available that week. Personalized recommendations We'll recommend titles based on your interests and your friends' pulls. Comic Collection Software Catalog Your Comics Catalog your comic books free - what you own, what you've read, and want - with our versatile and beautiful interface. No need to install or update. Our community-driven database ensures your collection has high-quality covers and details. Perfect to show off to your friends. Robust filters and sorting Browse your comics by series, publisher, creator, character, format and more. Easy organization Create folders or tags to organize your comics, with notes and purchase information. Ownership & Read Progress tracking Get accurate tracking on what's left and next regardless of what format you read or own. Import and export options Import your comics from anywhere, Export for backup any time, or use Excel to edit your data. Website and Mobile companion apps Use our website, iOS or Android apps on the go, with no limit to your devices. Featured Comics this Week Comic Book Database Discover New & Old Comics Not sure what comics to add to your pull list? Find what to read next with over 500,000 comic books in our database. Browse by creator, publisher, character, and more. Discover what's new this week, what's great this year, and all-time favorites - finding quality books has never been easier. Issue summaries At a glance, review the synopsis, stories, credits, characters, and variants. Key information Check out the Major and Minor key comics with events, first appearances, and more. Market & value data See recent sales history for issues and determine your comic's estimated value. Character wiki Learn more about characters with biographies, history and appearances. Creator history Track the latest titles from the comic industry greats to rising stars. Community & Social Network Connect with Comic Fans Comic book fans are scattered online - on Reddit, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter/X and more. The League of Comic Geeks is about bringing unity with community-focused features stemming from your own collection and pull list to help you connect with other fans. Personalized profiles Share your inner geek with avatars, backgrounds, and more. Community feed Post updates, reviews or comic discussion to your friends and the community. Activity feed Get ideas for your pull list by checking out your followers' feeds. Direct messaging Chat with followers in private to discuss comics or coordinate trades. Privacy settings Add privacy settings and only engage with your friends and followers. Trending Titles The Immortal Thor Marvel Comics The Immortal Thor Hornsby & Halo Image Comics Hornsby & Halo Deadly Class Giant-Sized Artist's Proof Edition Image Comics Deadly Class Giant-Sized Artist's Proof Edition Mad DC Comics Mad Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation Marvel Comics Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation Daredevil: Cold Day in Hell Marvel Comics Daredevil: Cold Day in Hell Comic Geeks on Mobile iOS & Android Apps Like the sharp, feature-rich experience of our website? You'll love our mobile experience. We've crafted a modern, customizable and robust comic collection app to ensure you have your lists everywhere you go. Feature parity Everything you'd expect from the website, you'll have available on mobile. Auto cloud-sync When online, your data syncs across all devices - ensuring consistency. Barcode scanner Add comics by scanning their UPC/ISBN barcodes with your device camera. Pro & Patron Subscriptions Enhance Your Experience The free League of Comic Geeks experience is one without limits - perfect for most - beyond any other alternative. Should you want to enhance that experience, we offer Pro and Patron subscriptions for unprecedented customization. Advanced fields, stats, and filters for your comics Track even more details for your comics and learn more about your habits. Enhanced Collection & Reading UI Customizable data tables, splitview layouts, cover browsers, and more. Extensive bulk controls Lightning fast wizards to bulk add, edit, and delete from your lists. Story-based Character Tracking Industry-leading stats customization and accuracy. No need to add duplicate books. Detailed Estimated Value Reporting Estimated market values within your Collection for Raw or Graded comics. There's more... Retailer Tools We offer new ways to reach, engage and manage customers with a growing suite of tools. If you're a retailer in need of pull list management or want to be a part of our network, check out our retailer program. Powered by Geeks, For Geeks We're backed by a wonderful, detail-oriented community and a robust contribution system. Members can submit issues or make corrections to be reviewed by our community moderators. Real Love from Real Comic Book Readers "League of Comic Geeks is well curated, constantly updated and easy to track subscriptions, pull lists and collections." danielestrela "Excellent website for comic collectors." Wombleinusa "Great graphics. Easy to navigate." bggvbw1 "LoCG rocks. don't know what I would do without it." PKcomic411 "I love this site both for cataloging and interacting with other comic fans." The_Lost_Jedi "The website is fantastic, has all the covers in one place, makes adding to a pulllist quick and easy." jdemello "LOVE IT! Easy to use and a great resource!" mcfudge47 "LOCG is overall just a great community and a very easy database to use!" realmrider "There is nothing even close to how effective and convenient this site is. Its amazing." MaryHeartsGwen Ready to Get Started Free? Create My Account Feedback & Support | Advertise with Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Download our Companion App on Apple Store & Google Play All Rights Reserved © 2010-2025 LeagueofComicGeeks.com