LeakCheck - Find out if your credentials have been compromised LEAK CHECK Home Plans Features Databases API FAQ Terms of Service English Sign up for free and make sure your credentials haven't been compromised Protecting the digital identity of people and companies since 2018. Search We do not keep logs of your searches. Data is transferred using the TLS protocol and cannot be intercepted. Register Sign in Plans Basic Plan 2.99 $ / day 15 e-mail lookups Choose this Monthly Plan 9.99 $ / mo 200 e-mails, usernames / day 15 keywords / day Choose this Recommended Lifetime Plan 69.99 $ / lifetime 400 e-mails, usernames / day 30 keywords / day Choose this Best Plan Enterprise from 179 $ / every 3 months any lookups Reverse search by password and company domain Bulk check OPTIONAL Dedicated support, help with development & integration into own projects, corporate environment Choose this Our opportunities API Any subscription includes developer access. Telegram bot Big database right in your pocket. Instant search Make a query and get results in a second. Big database You don't need to search the internet for data. We have it all. New entries notification Find out what information is at risk before someone else does. Bulk check Load a list of 100.000 lines and get result for each. Many search options Search by e-mail, username, keyword, corporate domain name or password. Providing services for a long time Service has been protecting your data for 6 years. Trusted by thousands Services are used by a large number of people and by global companies. Use Cases Protecting yourself This is the main purpose of LeakCheck. Find out if your data has been compromised as a result of any breach. Preventing password reuse According to the results of a survey conducted by Google in 2018, 65% of users on the internet use the same password for most (or even all) of their accounts. With our Enterprise API, you can check whether a password has been used before, even before a user registers on your website. Recovering old passwords Sometimes we forget our login details and want to get them back. In some cases, our service can find them for you. Users monitoring Let us notify you of any compromised passwords of your users and force them to change their passwords before something bad happens. Business monitoring When it comes to corporate security, a leaked password from at least one employee can have tragic consequences for the entire company. We offer multiple options for domain monitoring - both manually in your account and automatically using the API or our dedicated solution. Contacts Discord Channel @LeakCheck Support in Telegram @lc_cs Email the@leakcheck.net This site is protected by hCaptcha and its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2018-2026 LeakCheck Security Services, Ltd. All rights reserved. Services are provided by registered company with number 12101959 2 Thomas More St, London, United Kingdom, E1W 1WY Search results × 0 known sources found Only sources are shown. Register to view detailed information. Sensitive data has also been found: Source Last breach To remove your data, submit a request to removal@leakcheck.net Close Databases × This table provides a list of indexed leaks that appear as a source when you make a search. Some databases may be missing here and display as "unknown" in case we do not have the leak file. We collect data exclusively from public sources. Count Database Tags Breach date Tags Unverified breach / Doesn't seem to be a real leak Breach doesn't contain passwords Compilation of various leaks as one breach Close Login × Log in via social network Login Forgot password? Close Register × Log in via social network Agree with the Terms of Service Register Close Restore × Restore Close Sign in via Telegram × Auth The Telegram client will open, you have to press START and follow the instructions. Close