Lean Library - Your library. Amplified. Request a Demo Menu Products Lean Library Lean Library Workspace About Us Contact us Partners Resources Lean Library Resources Lean Library Workspace Resources Community Blog Events Whitepapers Advisory Board Y o ur library. Amplified. Lean Library is powerful library technology that advances teaching, learning and research. Request a demo Powerful technology that embeds your library into your users’ digital workflows. Give your library a louder voice Put your library in users’ online workflows, making resources accessible whenever and wherever they need them. Learn More Get an uninterrupted research rhythm Put the library at the heart of every research journey to help students and researchers write, cite and author work smarter, faster. Learn More Lean Library redefines and amplifies the power of the academic library. We increase the library’s value both on and off campus, prepare your library for the future. 01 Improve Accessibility Enhance discoverability and streamline access to library holdings and OA alternatives. 02 Enhance library impact Promote and increase usage of your library’s resources and services. 03 Improve Workflows Improve the patron workflow to increase productivity and efficiency. 04 Save Time and Money Gain insights that support acquisition decisions and save time and money. Improving the workflow of library patrons at all stages 300 K downloads of Lean Library 15 M references saved to Lean Library Workspace Trusted by universities worldwide Don’t just take our word for it Lean Library Workspace (formerly Sciwheel) is the best scholarly tool I’ve seen so far, in terms of its practical usage! Shervin Safavi, PhD Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics The installation and ongoing dialogue with Lean Library was exemplary; always consistently helpful and very responsive. Andrew Cheney, Evidence Services Lead NHS Mersey Care The judges applauded Lean Library for the clear proposition that added real value for students and lecturers, bringing libraries into the 3 rd millennium, starting with looking at how students work and replacing traditional approaches. Judges were particularly impressed by ease of use, and a recognition of the social nature of learning in higher education Bett Award 2022 Judges on Lean Library winning the Higher Education – Digital Learning Product Bett Award We’ve used Lean Library for several years and I’m going to be honest – it’s one of my favourite bits of library technology! Matthew Smith, Academic Librarian University of East Anglia Having invested so much time to provide our patrons with library training materials, we want to see them used. With Lean Library delivering our LibGuides into our patrons’ workflow, we have seen usage for a LibGuide increase by 450% Jason Folkman, Electronic Resources Librarian Utah State University The University of East Anglia Library is at the heart of our beautiful Norfolk campus. We strive to support our staff and students in pursuing their personal and professional success. Lean Library plays an important role, as part of our suite of digital tools, in supporting teaching, research and point-of-need guidance here at UEA. The UEA Library is delighted to be awarded “Library of the Month” by Lean Library. We are keen advocates of Lean Library, and look forward to our continued relationship as customers, users, development partners and the Lean Library Community. Alli Carroll, Electronic Services Manager The University of Phoenix Library is a fully digital library serving students worldwide. By utilizing advanced technology, we connect users with a vast array of information and resources, no matter where our students are located. Our commitment to continuously improving the library experience drives us to eliminate barriers and ensure that all our constituents have equitable access to the information they need. We are honored to be recognized as the Library of the Month by Lean Library. This prestigious award is a testament to the strength of our partnership and our relentless drive to serve our community with excellence. PJ Purchase, University Librarian and Director of University Library Lean Library empowers us to serve our community more effectively while promoting responsible stewardship of library and university resources. Being the Lean Library Library of the Month recognizes our efforts to match our resources with our users’ needs and our commitment to constantly improving our services. Carla Waddell, Chair, Reference and Research Services Government Documents Librarian, University Library Ready to give it a try? See how Lean Library can make a difference to your library, patrons and faculty. Request a demo Complete the form below to download your whitepaper Name (Required) First Name* Last Name* Email (Required) Institution/ organisation Consent Check this box if you would like to receive email updates about Lean Library. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or Contact Us for more details. Download Whitepaper This field is hidden when viewing the form Whitepaper ID This field is hidden when viewing the form Whitepaper Name Products Lean Library Lean Library Workspace Quick Links Partners Contact us Support Legal Product Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Publisher Neutrality Stay in the know Subscribe to our newsletter to hear first about our latest releases, updates and more Email Address (Required) © 2025, Lean Library Manage Cookies Design & Build by Future Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Cookie Policy Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent