Cookies on our website
When visiting our website, we use cookies to enhance browsing, gather usage insights, and tailor messaging. Essential cookies are necessary for the site function and cannot be switched off, while others require your consent before being installed, which you can manage through the cookie banner or your browser settings. For more details on the cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy.
Show details
Accept all
Customize
Skip to main content
On-demand webinar | See the only embeddable agentic AI grading engine in action ✨
Watch now 🎥
Homepage Link
Products
Assessment APIs

Bring your product vision to life—move faster, build better, and stay growth-ready.

Learnosity AI

Dramatically boost productivity and elevate the assessment experience to new heights.

Ready-made solutions

Make an instant impact with pre-built, standards-aligned, fully integrable assessment products.

Learnosity Author

Content authoring made easy

Learnosity Assessment

A cost-effective way to build smart, feature-rich assessments

Learnosity Questions

Always ask the right questions with our accessible question types

Learnosity Analytics

Turn insight into action with powerful reporting capabilities

Learnosity Math

Smarter math assessments to advance learning at all levels

AI-enriched assessment

Supercharge learning experiences with a suite of next-gen solutions

Author Aide ✨

Boost content output and quality with AI-enabled authoring

Feedback Aide ✨

Add accurate AI scoring and feedback to your learning product—at any complexity or scale

Item Bank Health Check ✨

Instantly analyze and improve item bank quality

Math AI ✨

Frictionless, multimodal math input and AI-powered hints

Questionmark Certification

Assessment tools for secure, digital-first certification programs

Questionmark Academic

Support learning with valid, secure, and scalable assessments

Questionmark Government

A FedRAMP and ATO achieved assessment solution for government agencies

Questionmark Workforce

Ensure organizational compliance, competence, and competitiveness

Questionmark for Workday

Power L&D success with Workday Learning and Questionmark assessments

 Platform
Platform

Building on Learnosity’s powerful infrastructure makes it quicker and easier to deploy industry-leading products at scale.

Accessibility

Embrace diversity by offering greater interactive possibilities to more learners, more easily

Privacy

Stay in total control of your data while we keep it safe

Scalability

Build rock-solid, industrial-scale products in less time, at less cost

Security

Our enterprise-grade, multi-tiered data security lets you work without worry

Support

Reach your goals more quickly with Learnosity’s world-class, worldwide customer support

 Use Cases
Use Cases

Learn more about how Learnosity can be used to support education and training across a broad spectrum of industries and organizations.

Early Learning & K-12

Engage K–12 students with an adaptive learning experience

Higher Education

Evaluate learners across all disciplines in higher education

Language Learning

Support language learning at all levels with media-rich assessment content

Adult & Vocational Learning

Optimize adult learning with cutting-edge assessments and analytics

Right-to-left Assessments

Empower right-to-left language users with best-in-class assessment tools

Corporate Training

Develop your talent to drive better business results with flexible, high-quality digital assessments

Educational Publishers

Future-proof your platforms with innovative assessment technology

Case Studies

See how we’ve helped customers work smarter, not harder

 Resources Company
Company

Read more about the principles and people behind our products, view up-to-date job openings, or get in touch with us.

About us

Learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we do it

Leadership

Get to know the people leading the way at Learnosity

Partners

We collaborate with the top names in educational technology to help raise standards

Marketplace

We collaborate with the top names in edtech—and Marketplace is the fast-track to our top-tier partners.

Clients overview

Our clients come from a wide range of sectors, powering innovation worldwide

Licenses

We’ve designed our pricing to align with your business goals. When you win, we win

Careers

If you like solving problems then you’ll fit right in. View open positions in your area

Contact

If you’ve any questions or comments to share then get in touch and we’ll get back to you pronto

Blog

Get insights on our process, product, and principles

Get in touch
Search
Search learnosity.com
Search Icon
Close Search Box
The leader in AI for assessment

Bring your product vision to life. Move faster, build better, and stay growth-ready with the world's most sophisticated assessment engine.

Assessment APIs AI Products
Feedback Aide
The enterprise-ready AI grading engine
Explore Demos
Powering a new era of AI and assessment

Our highly configurable APIs let you leverage deep domain expertise—and millions of dollars in ongoing investment—with just a few lines of code to unlock…

Simplified, AI-backed authoring
Simplified, AI-backed authoring

Liberate content creators with easy-to-use and AI-enabled assessment authoring APIs and tools that boost productivity, improve content quality, and support smarter math assessment workflows.

Explore Learnosity Author
Question experiences

With extensive pre-built question types, revitalize the learning journey with feature-rich, embeddable interactives.

See what you can do
Actionable analytics

Leverage actionable insights that power decision-making, enable adaptive assessment, and improve learner outcomes.

Learn about analytics
Accessibility

Built-in support for audio, visual, UI, and keyboard assistance gives you greater interactive possibilities to reach more learners.

Our accessibility approach
Compatibility

Keep up-to-date with seamless assessment delivery across browsers and device types to always meet learners where they are.

Check compatibility
Security & Privacy

We keep product, network, and user data safe and secure using multiple layers of enterprise-grade protection.

Learn how
Hyperscalability

Our dynamic scalability, built on AWS, gives your learning assessment platform worry-free burst capacity so you can confidently serve millions of users per day.

Get growth-ready
How Learnosity puts you at the frontline of change
Act with strategic clarity
Learnosity adds capabilities while removing risk, leaving you free to concentrate resources on the key differentiators for your business.
Increase product velocity
Free up internal bandwidth to launch a higher standard of assessment product in less time. Create content in an hour, go live with an MVP in weeks.
Delight customers
We ship 1000+ features and enhancements per year so you can deliver superior, tech-rich and ever-evolving learning experiences to more learners.
>40M
active learners
19B+
questions delivered annually
+67
customer NPS score
What our customers say...
What our customers say...
What our customers say...
What our customers say...
What our customers say...

"You’re elevating the student experience, improving completions, and reducing costs. Those are big deal metrics."

Read about Feedback Aide's impact at Penn Foster

'If you try to build an assessment engine, you discover it’s not just about creating questions. You also need to build data backend, reports, display features—it’s like pulling on a sweater thread, it’s never ending."

Read about ASCD's experience with our APIs

'With Learnosity, we were able to quickly develop custom question types for primary education ... This empowered our editorial team to create exercises efficiently, allowing us to meet deadlines thanks to Learnosity’s user-friendly environment."

Discover how our math engine is transforming assessments

"Learnosity gave us the ability to measure student learning by level, outcome, competency, and criteria due to the complexity of the tagging on offer."

Read how we support language learning assessments

“Having a robust, mature solution like Learnosity just allowed us to get the most power possible in the shortest amount of time.”

Read Ease Learning's story
News, views, and expert insights
Webinar | Feedback Aide: the only embeddable agentic AI grading solution

Watch this on-demand webinar, hosted by Learnosity CEO Gavin Cooney and Senior Product Manager Kate Hake PhD, for a deep dive into our award-winning grading engine.

Watch the webinar
CASE STUDY
Penn Foster

Discover how Penn Foster boosted completions, cut grading costs, and transformed student experiences with Feedback Aide—reducing return rates from 44% to under 5%.

Read the case study now
AI and assessment: From promise to practice

Discover how AI-powered learning products are shaping education. Learn how to integrate AI into assessments to enhance experience, equity, and evolution.

Download now
Our APIs power assessment for 150 industry leaders
See all customer stories
Build. Assess. Amaze.

Make faster progress, meet fewer roadblocks with the last assessment integration you'll ever need.

Get started
Help & Resources
API Status
Author Guide
Console
Developer Demos
Product & Developer Help
Product Security Policy
Platform
Accessibility
Privacy
Scalability
Security
Support
Products
Author
Assessments
Analytics
Questions
Math
Author Aide
Feedback Aide
Item Bank Health Check
Use Cases
Adult & Vocational Learning
Corporate Training
Educational Publishers
Early Learning & K-12
Higher Education
Language Learning
Right-to-left Assessments
Case Studies
Company
About us
Blog
Careers
Clients
Contact
Licenses
Partner Directory
Top
Get the latest Learnosity updates
I have read Learnosity's Privacy Policy and consent to receive relevant product and service updates. I understand I can opt-out anytime and that my information will be processed to respond to my request.*
Awards
Award Link
Award Link
Award Link
Award Link
Memberships
Membership Link
Membership Link
Membership Link
Our Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © Learnosity Ltd. 2006-2025
Follow us on
 X/Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube