Annenberg Learner - Annenberg Learner Skip to main content Skip to main content Learner.org will sunset on July 1, 2026. Please read the full announcement here → × Classroom Resources Professional Development Programs Blog About Podcast Classroom Resources Professional Development Programs Blog About Podcast Search Home Classroom Resources Professional Development Programs Blog About Podcast Search Learner.org will sunset on July 1, 2026. Please read the full announcement for more information → All Podcast Professional Development Classroom Resources All Grade Levels K-2 3-5 6-8 9-12 College/Adult All Subjects Arts Education English Language Arts Mathematics Science Social Media Social Studies & History STEM/STEAM World Languages Arts Education English Language Arts Mathematics Science Social Media Social Studies & History STEM/STEAM World Languages In Spotlight Teens & Social Media Our exclusive curriculum and parent guides about social media and smartphone use, for middle and high school students, in partnership with the FX documentary series, Social Studies . Learn more Stitch for LA County Youth The first-of-its-kind website connecting youth, families, educators, and schools to a diverse array of learning opportunities for young people in Greater Los Angeles. Learn more Teen Tech Centers Best Buy Teen Tech Centers across greater Los Angeles give young people access to the latest technology and tools to explore media production, robotics, 3D printing, XR, and more. Learn more High-Impact Tutoring 24 nano-courses to equip tutors with the knowledge and skills needed to help students succeed, produced in partnership with Step Up Tutoring and Arizona State University. Learn more Latest News Annenberg Learner to Sunset on July 1, 2026 November 3, 2025 Emmy-nominated Social Studies Series Continues to Extend Lessons Learned with Annenberg Learner July 18, 2025 Education Coalition Debuts National Certification for Tutors December 2, 2024 Free Online Resources To Help Navigate Social Media And Prevent Harm To Teens September 26, 2024 Explore Learner.org Resources Classroom Browse list of K-12 multimedia classroom resources for teaching about a wide range of subjects. View all STEM/STEAM Brick Playbook: Parent Edition STEM/STEAM Project Playbook: Educator Edition STEM/STEAM NASA’s BEST Students: Grades 6-8 Mathematics Against All Odds: Inside Statistics Education English Language Arts Mathematics Science Social Studies & History Essential Lens: Analyzing Photographs Across the Curriculum Science Physics for the 21st Century Workshops & Courses Professional Development Browse list of multimedia PD resources to improve your teaching practice. View all Education Neuroscience & the Classroom: Making Connections English Language Arts Education Mathematics Science Social Studies & History Reading & Writing in the Disciplines English Language Arts In Search of the Novel Arts The Arts In Every Classroom: A Workshop for Elementary School Teachers Science Minds of our Own Resources Podcasts Aimed to elevate the education profession through conversations that inspire, recognize, and encourage innovation and best practices in the field. View all Learner Podcast Education English Language Arts Mathematics Episode 39: Helping Kids Navigate Global Conflicts from Pediatric Psychologist Dr. Parker Huston Learner Podcast Education English Language Arts Mathematics Episode 38: Inside Wallis Annenberg PetSpace: Innovation in Animal Welfare Learner Podcast Education English Language Arts Mathematics Episode 37: Lakisha Young on Transforming Education with The Oakland Reach Learner Podcast Education Science STEM/STEAM Episode 36: Inside LabXchange’s Kenyan Teacher Ambassador Cohort Learner Podcast Education Episode 35: The Happiest Baby Snoo Smart Sleeper with Dr. Harvey Karp Learner Podcast Education Episode 34: 2024 National Teacher of the Year with Missy Testerman Join us for conversations that inspire, recognize, and encourage innovation and best practices in the education profession. Available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Google Podcasts, and more. Listen Now Classroom Resources Programs Professional Development Podcast Blog About Us Contact Us Classroom Resources Programs Professional Development Podcast Blog About Us Contact Us Subscribe Me Facebook Twitter Youtube 2025  Annenberg Foundation. All rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.