Leaseweb | Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) & Cloud Skip to Header Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer CTRL-ALT-RENEW – Year-End Sale: Save up to 25% on infrastructure. View Offers Blog Knowledge Base Developer API Status Customer Portal Why Leaseweb Leaseweb Why Leaseweb Customer Stories Compare Us Our Platform Resources Events Technology Partners History Products Servers All Dedicated Servers About Dedicated Servers High Performance Server GPU Server High Bandwidth Server Gaming Server Storage Server AMD Server Ampere Server Cloud Cloud Products Virtual Private Server Public Cloud Managed Kubernetes VMware Services VMware vCloud VMware vSphere & HCI Cloud Storage File and Block Storage Object Storage Hybrid Cloud Colocation Colocation Rack Unit Full Rack Cage Network & CDN Network Services Floating IP Private Network Dedicated Network Equipment Network Management Pack Dedicated Network Setup Cloud Connect CDN Multi-CDN Hosting Web and Email Hosting Domain Name Services Backup Acronis Veeam Service Levels Cyber Security DDoS IP Protection Solutions Industries MarTech & AdTech SaaS Gaming iGaming E-Commerce Business Needs Artificial Intelligence (AI) SAP HANA Hosting Big Data Test & Development Resources Reference Materials Resources Customer Cases White papers Webinars Product sheets Newsroom Blog Press Releases Events Knowledge Guides Knowledge Base Developer API Leaseweb Labs About Us Leaseweb Our Story Management Team Corporate Social Responsibility Customer Commitment Our commitment to sustainability European Cloud Campus Our Platform Platform Overview Sovereignty Network Data Centers Automation Security & Certifications Working At Leaseweb Career Home Open Positions Company Culture Career Development Recruiters Stories Partners Technology Partners Reseller Program Legal & Compliance Legal Information Sales Contract Transparency Reports Personal Data Protection Acts Website Terms of Use & Cookie Statement Abuse Handling KYC Customer Verification Videos Contact Promotions When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. EN EN Sign in 0 Home › Homepage When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. Why Leaseweb Leaseweb Why Leaseweb Customer Stories Compare Us Our Platform Resources Events Technology Partners History Products Servers All Dedicated Servers About Dedicated Servers High Performance Server GPU Server High Bandwidth Server Gaming Server Storage Server AMD Server Ampere Server Cloud Cloud Products Virtual Private Server Public Cloud Managed Kubernetes VMware Services VMware vCloud VMware vSphere & HCI Cloud Storage File and Block Storage Object Storage Hybrid Cloud Colocation Colocation Rack Unit Full Rack Cage Network & CDN Network Services Floating IP Private Network Dedicated Network Equipment Network Management Pack Dedicated Network Setup Cloud Connect CDN Multi-CDN Hosting Web and Email Hosting Domain Name Services Backup Acronis Veeam Service Levels Cyber Security DDoS IP Protection Solutions Industries MarTech & AdTech SaaS Gaming iGaming E-Commerce Business Needs Artificial Intelligence (AI) SAP HANA Hosting Big Data Test & Development Resources Reference Materials Resources Customer Cases White papers Webinars Product sheets Newsroom Blog Press Releases Events Knowledge Guides Knowledge Base Developer API Leaseweb Labs About Us Leaseweb Our Story Management Team Corporate Social Responsibility Customer Commitment Our commitment to sustainability European Cloud Campus Our Platform Platform Overview Sovereignty Network Data Centers Automation Security & Certifications Working At Leaseweb Career Home Open Positions Company Culture Career Development Recruiters Stories Partners Technology Partners Reseller Program Legal & Compliance Legal Information Sales Contract Transparency Reports Personal Data Protection Acts Website Terms of Use & Cookie Statement Abuse Handling KYC Customer Verification Videos Contact Promotions EN EN Blog Knowledge Base Developer API Status Customer Portal Slide 1 of 6 CTRL-ALT-RENEW CTRL-ALT-RENEW Finish 2025 strong, start 2026 faster. Save on servers, cloud, and storage to prepare for 2026 Start 2026 Faster CTRL-ALT-RENEW Finish 2025 strong, start 2026 faster. Save on servers, cloud, and storage to prepare for 2026 Start 2026 Faster Slide 2 of 6 Power your growth with Cloud & VPS, now live in Australia Power your growth with Cloud & VPS, now live in Australia Experience local performance, data sovereignty, and scalable compute options with Leaseweb Public Cloud and VPS, built to grow with your business. Explore VPS Explore Public Cloud Power your growth with Cloud & VPS, now live in Australia Experience local performance, data sovereignty, and scalable compute options with Leaseweb Public Cloud and VPS, built to grow with your business. Explore VPS Explore Public Cloud Slide 3 of 6 Object Storage Now Available to Buy Online Object Storage Now Available to Buy Online Click, buy, store. To get you started, enjoy an extra 10% off on Committed Object Storage Buy Now Object Storage Now Available to Buy Online Click, buy, store. To get you started, enjoy an extra 10% off on Committed Object Storage Buy Now Slide 4 of 6 GPU Power, Unbeatable Prices GPU Power, Unbeatable Prices Get the latest L4, L40s, H100, and H200 servers and more, starting at €181.91/month.
Perfect for AI, VDI, video and big data workloads. Get your deal now GPU Power, Unbeatable Prices Get the latest L4, L40s, H100, and H200 servers and more, starting at €181.91/month.
Perfect for AI, VDI, video and big data workloads. Get your deal now Slide 5 of 6 Leaseweb and AZ Alkmaar Team Up for a Winning Partnership Leaseweb and AZ Alkmaar Team Up for a Winning Partnership Combining cloud innovation and a data-driven football approach to create the perfect team Leaseweb and AZ Alkmaar Team Up for a Winning Partnership Combining cloud innovation and a data-driven football approach to create the perfect team Read more Slide 6 of 6 Join the Celebration! Join the Celebration! 15 Years of Trusted Cloud Service at Leaseweb Germany – Unlock Exclusive Anniversary Deals throughout the year. Join the Celebration! 15 Years of Trusted Cloud Service at Leaseweb Germany – Unlock Exclusive Anniversary Deals throughout the year. Explore now Dedicated Servers Raw customizable power to make the most demanding workloads fly. Learn More Cloud Scalable virtualized solutions that can grow as fast as you do. Learn More Cloud Storage Scalable, performance and cost optimized cloud storage solutions. Learn More CDN Use the power of our global network to make your website fly. Learn More View all products Leaseweb Video Resources Tech Talk Watch or listen to our podcast-style videos that dive deep into industry topics. View more Tech School Learn from these quick, informative videos for valuable product tips and insights. View more Tech Demo Explore our comprehensive product demos, detailing setup instructions and tips for optimal performance. View more Industries we Serve MarTech & AdTech SaaS Gaming iGaming E-Commerce Big Data Test & Development Hana Hosting Featured Customers Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more View all customer cases 99.999% Core uptime 10+ Tbps Bandwidth capacity 2000+ ISPs Peered with 10GE & 100GE Uplinks SE A T TLE S AN FRANCISCO LOS ANGELES PHOENIX D ALLAS W ASHIN G TON D .C . NE W YORK CHICAGO MONTRÉAL AMSTER D AM LONDON FRANKFU R T SIN G APORE HONG KONG TOKYO S YDNE Y MIAMI Data Center Lo c ation Internet Connection Dedi c ated Connection Network Leaseweb customers have access to one of the largest, state-of-the-art networks in the world. Incorporating 43 points of presence and 29 Internet Exchanges across the globe, our network delivers massive bandwidth capacity, blazing speed and unsurpassed connectivity for your workloads. Learn More Data Centers We have placed top-tier, ISO certified data centers at strategic locations across the globe to ensure prime access to the major business areas in Europe, the U.S. and Asia. Each one is designed to the highest specifications for performance, reliability and security. Learn More Automation Our Customer Portal & API puts you in the driver's seat. Isn’t it nice to have control? To set things up exactly as you want to. We've developed an easy-to-use customer portal and full-featured API that gives you complete control. It has a robust array of features controlling every aspect of your infrastructure. Learn More Certifications To help you in this and give the reassurance you need we employ independent third party auditors to certify that our systems and processes comply with all the latest industry standards. And you can find all the relevant certifications and details of the assurance reports right here. Learn More Do you have any questions? Our Knowledge Base is here to help you. Products Quick Start Guide Network Customer Portal & API Support Users & Accounts Billing Compliance & Security Technology Partners Learn more Links Customer Portal Status Leaseweb Blog Knowledge Base API Documentation Leaseweb Labs About Leaseweb Our Story Careers Press Releases Events Contact Legal & Compliance General Sales Contract Personal Data Protection Acts Abuse Handling & Transparancy Reports KYC Customer Verification Website Terms of Use & Cookie Statement Impressum ©2025 Leaseweb. All Rights Reserved. Sign up for our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news about Leaseweb solutions, events, special offers and more by subscribing to our monthly newsletter. Visit/Follow us Scroll to top