Meet Ledger Nano™ Gen5, the most playful signer yet

Discover now

Beware of phishing attacks, Ledger will never ask for the 24 words of your recovery phrase. Never share them. Learn more

Products

Discover our devices

Ledger Stax

Ledger Flex

NEW COLORS

Ledger Nano Gen5

NEW

Ledger Nano Classics

NEW COLORS

Shop all

Hardware Wallets
Bundles & Packs
Accessories
Recovery Solutions
Limited Editions
See all products

Compare Ledger signers

Apps and Services

Ledger ecosystem

Ledger Wallet

Our crypto wallet app and web3 gateway

Recovery Solutions

Stay safe with a combination of backups

Ledger Multisig

The new standard for Multisig Security

Card

Spend crypto or use it as collateral

Securely manage crypto

Bitcoin wallet
Ethereum wallet
Solana wallet
Buy crypto
Swap crypto
Stake crypto

All supported crypto

Learn

Learn Web3

Ledger Academy

Learn about crypto and web3 safely

Ledger Quest

Take web3 quests and get NFTs

Blog

All web3 and Ledger news

Useful resources

What happens if I lose my Ledger?
Not your keys, not your coins
What is a cold wallet?
What is a private key?
What is a Crypto Wallet?
For Business

Work with Ledger

Ledger Enterprise

All-in-one Digital Asset Platform for Institutions

Ledger Partners

Become a Ledger reseller or affiliate

Ledger Co-branded Partnership

Device customization opportunities

For Developers
Support

Discover our devices

Ledger Stax

Ledger Flex

NEW COLORS

Ledger Nano Gen5

NEW

Ledger Nano Classics

NEW COLORS

Shop all

Hardware Wallets
Bundles & Packs
Accessories
Recovery Solutions
Limited Editions
See all products

Compare Ledger signers

EN
EN
LEDGER CRYPTO WALLETS
Take control of your crypto today

Advanced trader? Total beginner? Now you can buy, swap, and more with 15,000+ multichain assets in one secure solution*.

Discover Ledger Nano Gen5
Discover Ledger Wallet

Industry-leading
security

Absolute
ease of use

All-in-one
connectivity

Don’t trust, verify

Ledger’s secure touchscreen signers make it easier for you to protect and manage your digital life

Discover Ledger signers
Choose the signers that fit your lifestyle
Compare Ledger signers
Ledger Stax™
3.7“ HIGH RES SCREEN

Premium from every angle, the elegant way to diversify your wealth and explore DeFi.

4.5/5

Discover now

Ledger Flex™
DURABLE 2.8“ SCREEN

The new standard to grow your portfolio and manage your digital life with ease

4.3/5

Discover now

NEW
Ledger Nano™ Gen5
LIGHTWEIGHT 2.8“ SCREEN

The fun, accessible way to manage your money, logins and life with clarity.

Discover now

Ledger Nano™ Classics
CLASSIC SIGNERS

Convenient backup solutions to use at home or on the go.

4.5/5

Discover now

Trade different
all your crypto & DeFi
one secure app

Explore 15,000+ crypto
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, XRP, stablecoins... you name it, it’s here.
See all supported cryptos
Ledger Wallet™
the all-in-one crypto app

Your assets. Your rules. Your future.

AVAILABLE ON MOBILE & DESKTOP
Top up with ease

Choose how you want to fund your accounts: Buy, Sell, Send, Receive.

Connect to dApps

Confidently navigate the DeFi landscape from a single secure space.

Diversify your assets

Swap securely across chains, CEX, DEX. Compare providers with clarity.

Grow your portfolio

Put your crypto to work for you by staking. Earn cashback by shopping worldwide.

Don’t risk losing everything

Back up your access to your assets with ease

Crypto security solutions
Integrate your Ledger device with numerous wallets

Ledger hardware wallet secures more than 50 software wallets

Testimonials
 

“Ledger = peace of mind. I'm sure some of us know that unsettling feeling when you know you need a Ledger but haven't quite organized yourself to get it sorted. If I did it all again, I'd start with having a Ledger.”

Janet Onagah
@Janet_Oganah

"I got hacked in January and lost 1000s worth of NFTs. I felt disgusted, lost, and willing to quit. Until my friend told me he's ordering a Ledger. So, we bought the duo deal. Since then, I've been sleeping."

PrimeNic.eth
@primenic_eth

“I use multiple Ledgers. Different colours = different uses.Public Wallet. Never touch long term storage. Day to day fund holdings. A back up just in case.”

winny.eth
@winnyeth

"I have 3 Ledgers. Hot Wallet: minting/drawings etc. Main wallet: store most NFTs. Vault wallet: cold storage of crypto."

2160
@rekt2160

“I have 5 Ledger total. My personal NFT bag. 1 for testing. And 1 for each of my 3 daughters.”

Fanzo 🧢 11.11.22
@iSocialFanz

"If I could, I would name my Ledger Hagrid. Cause it's the keeper of my keys."

Petrica Butusina
@PetricaButusina

"My Ledger is already called "Stew". As it is the steward who looks after my crypto & NFTs, so I can sleep at night."

Lkmland Crypto 💫
@LkmlandCrypto

"Ledger makes cold storage downright easy. My NFTs land infinitely safer and I don’t have to feel as paranoid about connecting to new smart contracts."

Matt Oney
@MattOney93

FAQ

Find answers to some of the most common questions.

What is a crypto wallet?

Thinking about buying crypto or NFTs? You’ll need a crypto wallet.

When you create a wallet, two keys are generated: a private one and a public one. The wallet stores your keys and enables you to sign transactions, generate new addresses, initiate transfers, track portfolio balances, manage your crypto, and interact with dApps.

Crypto wallets come in many forms, from hardware wallets, like Ledger’s, to mobile apps that you can download on your phone or tablet.

How do crypto wallets work?

When you buy crypto like Bitcoin and Ethereum, you’re issued two keys: one is public and the other is private.

The public key can be compared to a bank account number that you can share with third parties to receive crypto without worrying that your assets will be compromised.

The private key signs transactions and allows you to send and receive crypto. It’s crucial to keep your private keys secure and secret. If anyone has access to them, they will also have access to any crypto assets associated with those keys.

A crypto wallet stores your private keys and gives you access to your assets.

What are the different types of crypto wallets?

There are different types of crypto wallets, each with its own benefits and drawbacks.
Hot wallets are connected to the internet and usually convenient to use, however, they are also vulnerable to online attacks. Examples include web-based, mobile, and desktop wallets. Cold wallets keep your private keys offline and out of reach of online threats. Examples include paper and hardware wallets.

Wallets can also be categorized as custodial or non-custodial, depending on who holds the private keys. Storing your crypto in a custodial wallet means that a third party controls your private keys and, therefore, your assets. In contrast, non-custodial wallets, like Ledger’s, enable you to fully own and control your crypto.

Why do I need a hardware wallet?

Hot wallets store private keys on systems connected to the internet, which makes them susceptible to online attacks. Keeping your crypto on an exchange also means you have no true ownership or control over it. If the exchange files for bankruptcy or pauses withdrawals, you lose access to your funds.

Hardware wallets store your private keys offline, giving you full control and enhanced security. Even if you misplace or lose your hardware wallet, you can get a new one and use your Secret Recovery Phrase to access your assets.

How to get a crypto wallet?

Ready to get started? Here are the steps for getting your crypto wallet:

Get a Ledger hardware wallet. It stores your private keys in a secure, offline environment giving you peace of mind and complete control over your assets. All Ledger crypto wallets are powered by an industry-leading Secure Element chip, together with Ledger’s proprietary OS that protects your crypto & NFTs from sophisticated hacks.
Pair your Ledger crypto wallet with the Ledger Wallet app to easily manage your crypto, keep track of your portfolio, and securely access a wide range of dApps and Web3 services. All in one convenient place!
Add crypto to your Ledger wallet. Ledger has integrated leading third-party providers to make it possible to buy, swap, stake, and manage crypto through the Ledger Wallet app. Your crypto will be sent to the safety of your Ledger hardware wallet.

*Crypto transaction services are provided by third-party providers. Ledger provides no advice or recommendations on use of these third-party services.

Discover what
security feels like
Shop our wallets
Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:
media@ledger.com

Subscribe to our
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox



Enter your email
Subscribe to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in the newsletter. Learn more about how we manage your data and your rights.

ENGLISH 
FRANÇAIS
TÜRKÇE
DEUTSCH
PORTUGUÊS
ESPAÑOL
РУССКИЙ
简体中文
日本語
한국어
العربية
ภาษาไทย

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Flex, Ledger Nano, Ledger Nano S, Ledger OS, Ledger Wallet, [LEDGER] (logo), and [L] (logo) are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.

106 rue du Temple, 75003 Paris, France

Payment methods

Products
Secure touchscreen signers
Hardware Wallet
Ledger Nano Gen5
Ledger Stax
Ledger Flex
Ledger Nano Classics
Compare our devices
Bundles
Accessories
All products
Downloads
Crypto Assets
Bitcoin wallet
Ethereum wallet
Solana wallet
Cardano wallet
XRP wallet
Monero wallet
USDT wallet
See all assets
What is a Crypto Wallet?
Crypto Services
Crypto Prices
Buying crypto
Staking crypto
Swapping crypto
For Business
Ledger Enterprise Solutions
For Startups
Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital
For Developers
The Developer Portal
Get started
Start using your Ledger device
Compatible wallets and services
How to buy Bitcoin
Guide before buying bitcoin
Bitcoin Hardware Wallet
See also
Support
Bounty program
Resellers
Ledger Press Kit
Affiliates
Status
Developers
Partners
Careers
Join us
All jobs
About
Our vision
Ledger Academy
The company
The people
Diversity
Blog
Legal
Legal Center
Sales Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimers
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies