Find a Lawyer Near You | Attorney Search - LegalMatch Find the Right Lawyer Now Post My Case Find My Lawyer Find the right lawyer now Explore LegalMatch Explore LegalMatch Choose Your Legal Category: Family Employment Business Bankruptcy Finances Government Products & Services Foreclosure Child Support DUI/DWI Divorce Probate Contract Property Other Legal Categories Law Library Online Law Library Bankruptcy Law Business Law Civil Law Criminal Law Employment Law Family Law Finance Law Government Law Immigration Law Insurance Law Intellectual Property Law Personal Injury Law Products & Services Law Real Estate Law Wills, Trusts & Estates Law Attorney Referral Services Top 10 Most Popular Articles Legal Dictionary Company Information How It Works - Clients Law Blog Legal News Legal Center About LegalMatch Consumer Satisfaction Careers Scholarship Opportunity Contact Us Policies Editorial Policy FAQs Attorneys Market Your Law Practice Attorney Login Schedule a Demo Now Did LegalMatch Call You Recently? How It Works - Attorneys Attorney Resources Attorney Success Stories Attorney Success Story Videos Compare Legal Marketing Services Cases Heatmap View Cases No Lawyer Yet? Start Here First ! Fast, Free and Confidential Choose a Category Family Employment Criminal Defense Real Estate Business Immigration Personal Injury Wills, Trusts & Estates Bankruptcy & Finances Government Products & Services Intellectual Property Can't find a category? Click here Search for Attorneys Search for Attorneys X Error found X Connecting to server … LegalMatch is the First Step in Finding the Right Lawyer Present Your Case to Local Lawyers in Minutes Our legal service matches you with highly rated, licensed lawyers
              near you -- for free. Over seven million people and businesses
              have posted cases on LegalMatch. Present your case now! Are You a Lawyer? Generate consistent clients with our legal marketing service . LegalMatch Expands Services to Canada Clients and Lawyers For clients from Canada, you can now post your cases at LegalMatch and get matched to Lawyers in your area. Find a Lawyer by ... Find a Lawyer by Issue Find a Lawyer by State Other Commonly Searched Terms Categories States See All Counties How It Works How It Works - Attorneys 1. Post Your Case It's FREE and easy, interested attorneys send
                                you responses. 2. Review Responses Compare fees, client ratings, and full
                                background information. 3. Choose an Attorney Meet for initial consultations and decide who is
                                the right fit. 1. Become a Member Sign up to become a LegalMatch member. Gain
                                access to local clients in need of your legal
                                services. 2. We Market Your Practice Save yourself time and money. Let us expand your
                                opportunities and increase the local visibility
                                for your legal practice. 3. Choose Your Clients Evaluate a steady stream of cases. Contact
                                potential clients instantly for your most
                                lucrative practice areas! Request to View Cases What People Are Saying About LegalMatch Better Understand Your Legal Issue With Our Online Law Library Our online law library has over 10,000 articles that can help guide you in the right direction to resolve your legal
          issue. Our legal experts have provided clear insights and detailed
          information that will help you settle your legal problems quickly
          without a heavy financial burden. VIEW ONLINE LAW LIBRARY 20 Years Of helping people find the right lawyer 91% Client satisfaction rating 7 million Cases have been posted on LegalMatch Don't Just Find a Lawyer ‐ Find the Right Lawyer When you need to find a lawyer , our no‐cost
              system provides you with access to pre‐screened lawyers
              through a quick and painless process. Immediately after you
              present your case, email notifications are sent to lawyers that
              match the geographic location and legal practice area you specify.
              Within 24 hours, your case is reviewed, evaluated, and when a
              lawyer is interested in taking your case, you'll receive a
              full attorney profile and their background information. We'll also provide you with a full breakdown of their fee
              structure as well as user ratings by other LegalMatch clients to
              help you decide if they're the right lawyer for you. Within a few hours after you submit your case, you may receive
              responses from local attorneys by phone or email. We recommend
              waiting a day or two to allow the majority of attorneys to review
              your case thoroughly. Then, it's up to you to select the
              right lawyer near you based on the responses you receive and the
              legal qualifications you're looking for. Make Informed Decisions in a No-Pressure Setting Always 100% free to find and communicate with licensed attorneys -
            no hidden fees Your privacy is always protected - you decide when to disclose your
            personal information to interested attorneys All member lawyers are pre-screened and in good standing with their
            state's bar associations Review attorney's profiles and responses to your case before making
            a decision Know exactly how much each lawyer charges in detail Lawyer star ratings and reviews show previous customer experiences
            with each attorney and allow you to properly evaluate their
            strengths and weaknesses Gain access to lawyers in every area of law No random matching or choosing - you make your decision based on a
            lawyer's expertise, experience, pricing, and availability There is never any obligation to hire or contact a lawyer through
            our service - you decide if and when you contact an attorney Contact Lawyers at Your Convenience Submit your case at any time to find a lawyer or attorney near
          you and you will never be charged to use the LegalMatch service. No
          credit card is required! For more information on lawyer referral
          services and online client-attorney matching, read our detailed
          article entitled: How to Find a Lawyer Find Your Lawyer Now! User Agreement Privacy Policy Site Map (775) 277-3705 Careers 300 E 2nd St, Suite 1410, Reno, NV 89501 Copyright 1999-2025
                LegalMatch. All rights reserved. over 7 million cases posted Attorneys: Market Your Business Attorney Dashboard Sign Up Market Your Business Log In Share the LegalMatch experience: Close X Need a Lawyer? Submit your case to start resolving your legal issue. Present Your
                        Case Now Visit Our Law Library Join Our Legal Journey Support Group