Legends of America – Traveling through American history, destinations & legends since 2003. Menu Legends of America Traveling through American history, destinations & legends since 2003. Search for: Facebook Twitter Email Pinterest Primary Menu Skip to content Home What’s New About Us/More Contact Privacy Policy Newsletter Social Media Travel Blog Resources & Credits U.S. History 20th Century History Discovery and Exploration Exploration of America Fur Trade Overland Trails Spanish Exploration Westward Expansion More … Early America Historic People African Americans Cowboys & Trail Blazers Explorers Gunfighters Heroes and Patriots Lawmen Native Americans Outlaws Presidents of the United States Soldiers Women More… Native Americans Heroes and Leaders Indian Wars Myths & Legends Notable Native Americans Tribes More … Old West Feuds & Range Wars Fur Trade Lost Treasure Mining Overland Trails People Vices Westward Expansion More … Transportation American Automobile History Byways & Historic Trails – Great Drives in America The Railroad Crosses America Stagecoaches of the American West Tales & Trails of the American Frontier True Crime in America Bank Robbers & Thieves Famous Unsolved Crimes Gangsters, Mobsters & Outlaws of the 20th Century Missing & Kidnapped in America Murders and Mysterious Deaths Outlaw Gangs Outlaws Across America Pirates of America Scoundrels in American History Serial Killers of America Terrorism in the United States Train Robberies of America The Vice-Laden Wild West War & Military American Revolution Civil War Forts & Presidios Heroes and Patriots Indian Wars Soldiers and Officers in American History More … More… Destinations Byways & Trails Forts Ghost Towns Great Cities of America Missions & Presidios National Parks Route 66 Roadside Attractions RV Related States Vanished America Travel Blog More… Geography Regions of the United States United States Maps Learning Opportunities Legends, Ghosts, & Mysteries American Mysteries Folklore & Superstition Ghost Stories Monsters & Strange Creatures Native American Legends Treasure Tales Witchcraft in America More … Legends’ General Store Americana Native American Old West Route 66 Books, Magazines & More Digital Downloads Postcards Posters & Wall Art Legends’ Photo Shop Ghost Towns Native American Old West Route 66 States & Places Legends’ Videos Much More! "There is no law, no restraint in this seething cauldron of vice and depravity." The New York Tribune describing Abilene, Kansas. Gambling in the Old West Whether on a riverboat atop the Mighty Mississippi River or in the smoky dimness of a mining camp saloon, a lucky draw could turn a broken man into a winner. In the days of the frontier west, poker was king with the mustachioed likes of Wild Bill Hickok, Doc Holliday, “Canada” Bill Jones, Wyatt Earp, Bat Read More ... Painted Ladies of the Old West In the Wild West, the harsh Puritan sanctions were not as “practical” as in America’s more conservative eastern counterpart. And though the “proper” ladies still labeled those who didn’t share their values — by dress, behavior, or sexual ethics, as “disgraceful,” the shady ladies of the West were generally tolerated by other women as a “necessary Read More ... Saloons of the American West Well, there ain’t no talkin’ about the Old West, without mentioning the dozens, no hundreds – er, thousands of saloons of the American West. The very term “saloon” itself conjures up a picture within our minds of an Old West icon, complete with a wooden false front, a wide boardwalk flanking the dusty street, a Read More ... Step into the seedy world of the Vice Laden West Pappe Saloon in Kingfisher, Oklahoma. ~~ 66 Recipes – Flavors of the Mother Road Inside Roy’s 2015. Photo by Kathy Alexander. From the Ariston Cafe in Illinois to Roy’s Cafe in California , travelers along America’s Mother Road were treated to some mighty fine cooking. See our 66 Recipes – Flavors of the Mother Road . See More Route 66 ~~ Did You Know? Anti Saloon League On December 18, 1917, the 18th Amendment to the Constitution, which prohibited the “manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors,” was drafted and passed by Congress and sent to the states for ratification. Called the “noble experiment” by Herbert Hoover, 75% of the states approved the amendment, which was ratified on January 16, 1919. Read more about Prohibition in the United States . Madam C J Walker Born on December 23, 1867, one of America’s remarkable rags-to-riches stories and a pioneer not only for women but also African Americans, Madame C.J. Walker blazed a path as the first black woman millionaire and is argued to be the first self-made woman millionaire in the U.S. C.J. Walker – Blazing a Path in Business for Women . From Legends’ General Store! Need a postcard for each state? This postcard set is for you. Even includes a postcard for Washington D.C. All 51 postcards in this special set have been designed by Legends of America. Free Shipping in the USA! Shop Now! From Legends’ Photo Print Shop From vintage photos of the Old West, Native Americans, Nostalgic American Scenes, and Advertising to current photos of Route 66 and travel destinations across America, Legends Of America’s Photo Print Shop features hundreds of vintage and current photos available in many size prints, downloads, canvas and more! Begin Browsing Our Many Galleries Here ~~ Happy Birthday! ~~ Langtry, Texas – Home of the Only Law West of the Pecos Judge Roy Bean’s Jersey Lilly Saloon, in Langtry, Texas by Kathy Alexander. Along with several other old towns in the region, the ghost town of Langtry, Texas , got its start when the Galveston, Harrisburg, & San Antonio Railroad was built through the area in 1881. Beginning as a grading camp for the railroad workers, it was first called Eagle Nest for the nearby creek. Continue reading… See More of Texas’ Pecos Heritage Trail Also, See our Pecos Trail Photo Print Gallery HERE ~~ Dallas Stoudenmire – Taming El Paso, Texas Dallas Stoudemire Born on December 11, 1845, a gunfighter and lawman , Dallas Stoudenmire was involved in more gunfights than most of his better-known counterparts and successfully tamed one of the most violent towns in the Old West. Dallas Stoudenmire – Taming El Paso, Texas . See More Lawmen of the Old West Texas Rangers in Del Rio, 1918. And browse our Old West Lawmen & Gunfighters Photo Pri nt Gallery Here ~~ A Pioneer Christmas A Pioneer Christmas By the mid-1800s, the American Christmas tradition included many of the same customs and festivities as today, including tree decorating, gift-giving, Santa Claus, greeting cards, stockings by the fire, church activities, and family-oriented days of feasting and fun. But, for those in the Old West , far away from the more civilized life of the East, pioneers, cowboys , explorers , and mountain men usually celebrated Christmas with homemade gifts and humble fare. Continue Reading… See more American History ~~ From our General Store American Indian Tribes Large Poster (17×24) The “Native American Indian Tribes” poster shows the original territories of over 300 major American Indian tribes. The tribal council has approved each location. The artwork is from an original painting by Bill Strobel. Poster measures 17″ x 24″. Great for classroom and learning projects. Made in the USA. Shop Now ! ~~ Hey, Y’all! Dave & Kathy in Cawker City, KS visiting the worlds largest ball of twine. Legends of America is comprised of just the two of us — Dave & Kathy , who have a love of history, travel, and a desire to share it with the world! Several others have contributed along the way, and we always welcome more. Though we are a small Mom & Pop “shop,” we have decades of customer service & business experience between the two of us — in both large and small organizations. With an entrepreneurial dream, we launched Legends of America in 2003. We are Midwest-born and bred with great values. With just an email, phone call, or order, you’ll find that our customer service is Over the Top!! Legends’ General Store , our Photo Print Shop , and our great advertisers are the primary means for providing volumes of information to our readers at no cost. Here’s some TMI on About Us Share with Friends What’s New Hidden Figures of American History: Untold Stories from Across the States Southwest Kansas – Wild West Country (LOK) Cheyenne Bottoms Wildlife Area, Kansas (LOK) Chouteau’s Island, Kansas (LOK) December Newsletter  – Happy Holidays & Adventures Princeton, Kansas (LOK) Oswego, Kansas – Labette County Seat (LOK) Great Railroad Strike of 1877 Battle of the Little Wichita River, Texas Fort Parker, Texas Lots more what’s new.. Main Topics American History Discovery & Exploration Destinations Historic People Native Americans Old West Legends, Ghosts, & Mysteries Show Your Support Footer Menu Skip to content About Us/Contact Photo Travel Blog Legends of Kansas Website Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025 Legends of America . All Rights Reserved Scroll Up Home What’s New About Us/More Contact Privacy Policy Newsletter Social Media Travel Blog Resources & Credits U.S. History 20th Century History Discovery and Exploration Exploration of America Fur Trade Overland Trails Spanish Exploration Westward Expansion More … Early America Historic People African Americans Cowboys & Trail Blazers Explorers Gunfighters Heroes and Patriots Lawmen Native Americans Outlaws Presidents of the United States Soldiers Women More… Native Americans Heroes and Leaders Indian Wars Myths & Legends Notable Native Americans Tribes More … Old West Feuds & Range Wars Fur Trade Lost Treasure Mining Overland Trails People Vices Westward Expansion More … Transportation American Automobile History Byways & Historic Trails – Great Drives in America The Railroad Crosses America Stagecoaches of the American West Tales & Trails of the American Frontier True Crime in America Bank Robbers & Thieves Famous Unsolved Crimes Gangsters, Mobsters & Outlaws of the 20th Century Missing & Kidnapped in America Murders and Mysterious Deaths Outlaw Gangs Outlaws Across America Pirates of America Scoundrels in American History Serial Killers of America Terrorism in the United States Train Robberies of America The Vice-Laden Wild West War & Military American Revolution Civil War Forts & Presidios Heroes and Patriots Indian Wars Soldiers and Officers in American History More … More… Destinations Byways & Trails Forts Ghost Towns Great Cities of America Missions & Presidios National Parks Route 66 Roadside Attractions RV Related States Vanished America Travel Blog More… Geography Regions of the United States United States Maps Learning Opportunities Legends, Ghosts, & Mysteries American Mysteries Folklore & Superstition Ghost Stories Monsters & Strange Creatures Native American Legends Treasure Tales Witchcraft in America More … Legends’ General Store Americana Native American Old West Route 66 Books, Magazines & More Digital Downloads Postcards Posters & Wall Art Legends’ Photo Shop Ghost Towns Native American Old West Route 66 States & Places Legends’ Videos Much More!