The American Legion | Serving Veterans, Families, & Communities Nationwide ad space Skip to Main Content Shop Online Find a Post Find a Service Officer MyLegion.org Join Renew Donate Toggle menu About Organization Leadership Reports Media Toolkit American Legion Family All About Advocacy Be The One Grassroots Action Center Legislative National Affairs Youth Support Advocacy Center Membership & Services Join The American Legion Renew Membership Member Discounts Resources Veterans Services All Membership & Services Get Involved Youth Programs Community Programs Meetings Scholarships All Programs Information Center In the Media Calendar Training Library & Museum Honor & Remembrance All Information Center Find a Post Find a Service Officer MyLegion.org Shop Online Join Renew Donate Toggle search Search site Search Join Renew Donate We Are The American Legion The American Legion is the nation’s largest veterans service organization, advocating for veterans, service members, and military families while fighting to end veteran suicide. Find out how everyone can be part of the American Legion USA250 Challenge as we honor America’s 250th birthday. Become a Member Join the USA250 Challenge Advocating for Veterans Since 1919 Founded by an Act of Congress after World War I, The American Legion fiercely advocates for the unique needs of every generation of veterans, service members, and their families who pledge to protect our nation. Today, we are committed to destigmatizing mental health support, offering peer-to-peer resources, and empowering everyone to Be The One in the fight to prevent veteran suicide. Be the One Member Discounts Tango Alpha Lima Youth Programs Events & Training Be the One We can all Be The One Destigmatizing mental health support, providing peer-to-peer support and resources, and more. Veterans Crisis Line Resources & Media Member Discounts Member Discounts Discover exclusive offers and special deals from our discount providers as a token of appreciation for your service. Featured Provider Weekly Discounts Tango Alpha Lima Learn more Listen Now Nominate a guest Youth Programs American Legion Baseball Since 1925, American Legion Baseball has been a cornerstone of youth development, teaching values like sportsmanship and leadership. Boys State & Boys Nation Empowering America's future leaders. Junior Shooting Sports Gun safety education, marksmanship, & competition. Events & Training American Legion Regional Information Conference REGISTER NOW: Indianapolis & Atlanta, Early 2026 Sign Up for Free Suicide Prevention Training Events Calendar The American Legion's comprehensive calendar of national events. ad space Every Flag we sell is proudly made in the USA Get Yours Our Impact About Us For over a century The American Legion has strengthened America and its veterans through programs, services, compassion and actions that have proven vital, timeless and life-changing. $23 B Minimum amount in federal benefits secured for veterans in the 2025 fiscal year thanks to free assistance from accredited American Legion service officers and appeals reps. $852,592 American Legion Child Well-being Foundation grants awarded to 13 child-serving organizations in 2025. 136,812 Messages sent to Congress through the American Legion Grassroots Action Center in FY 2024-25 addressing top legislative priorities now facing veterans. 20,000+ Number of people so far taught to detect and prevent veteran suicide through The American Legion’s Be the One Mission using Columbia University training protocol. $6.8 M Amount in scholarships awarded to American Legion National Oratorical Contest competitors through 2025. $1.7 M Record amount in American Legion Legacy Scholarships awarded in 2025 to 559 children of military personnel who lost their lives or became 50% or more disabled while on active duty since 9/11. Empowering America Through Community Spirit The American Legion meets the unique needs of local communities, celebrates all who contribute to something larger than themselves, and inspires others to serve and strengthen America. Become a Member Find a Post Get Involved Member Resources Education Resources Health Resources LEARN MORE RIVALRY FOR A CAUSE - Donate now! The Legion is uniting both sides of this historic rivalry and calling on you to Fuel the Fight with a Gift. Make your donation to American Legion Charities now to show your pride and support America's veterans! DONATE NOW Information Center Visit Information Center In the Media View More Expert: Preventing suicide needs the entire public December 30, 2025 How to appeal a Medicare coverage denial America250 unveils float for 2026 Rose Parade ‘Not Paid, Don’t Put’ Publications Browse publications from The American Legion, featuring useful information and resources for veterans, program participants and officers. Learn More Training The American Legion offers a variety of training programs and events designed to educate and prepare members and leaders throughout the organization. Learn More Valued Relationships ad space ad space Veterans Defense Youth Americanism Communities About Advocacy Membership & Services Get Involved Information Center FAQ Advertise With Us American Legion Careers Find a Post Find a Service Officer Planned Giving Donate by Mail (PDF) Contact Us The American Legion National Headquarters: 700 N. Pennsylvania St., P.O Box 1055, Indianapolis, IN 46206 Customer Service 800.433.3318 Contact Us E-Newsletters Subscribe to The American Legion's e-newsletters to receive important updates, resources, and special offers tailored for veterans and their families. Subscribe © Copyright 2025 The American Legion. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy ADA Compliance Sitemap Follow Us: Facebook X (former Twitter) Instagram YouTube LinkedIn