LegitScript Monitoring & Certification Solutions Skip to content Solutions Products Merchant Risk Solutions Merchant Onboarding MCC Detection Healthcare Merchant Certification Merchant Monitoring Transaction Laundering Detection Merchant URL ID Platform Risk Solutions Ad Monitoring Marketplace Monitoring Industry Intelligence Products Risk Landscape Reports Database Lookups Website Change Detection Industries Payment Facilitators & ISOs Acquiring Banks E-commerce Marketplaces Search Engines Social Platforms Merchant Risk Solutions Demo Center Find demo videos, use cases, and top resources to help you manage risk throughout the merchant lifecycle. Explore Now Certification Products Addiction Treatment Healthcare CBD Enterprise Certification Programs See if a Website is Certified Check & Report Check the certification status of an addiction treatment, healthcare, or CBD website or report questionable activity. Resources Smarter Onboarding for Payments Leaders: Future-proof Merchant Onboarding as Risk and Competition Evolve Discover how to streamline merchant onboarding, fight fraud, and speed up approvals—so you can stay ahead of risk, meet compliance demands, and keep your business moving at the speed of payments. Download Now Online Firearm Sales: Obstacles to Effective Policy Enforcement Learn to spot hidden weapons sales online. Expert Andy Bayley shares key trends, rules, and tips to protect your platform. Watch Now Resources Blog Webinars Events Videos Guides Customer Spotlights Newsletter Check & Report Check the certification status of an addiction treatment, healthcare, or CBD website or report questionable activity. Company Company About Us Leadership Team Customer Spotlights Partners Careers Press Why LegitScript Log In Contact Us Solutions Products Merchant Risk Solutions Merchant Onboarding MCC Detection Healthcare Merchant Certification Merchant Monitoring Transaction Laundering Detection Merchant URL Identification Platform Risk Solutions Ad Monitoring Marketplace Monitoring Industry Intelligence Products Risk Landscape Reports Data Lookups Website Change Detection Industries Payment Facilitators & ISOs Acquiring Banks E-commerce Marketplaces Search Engines Social Platforms Certification Addiction Treatment Certification Healthcare Certification CBD Certification Enterprise Certification Programs Website Certification Status Resources Blog Webinars Events Videos Guides Customer Spotlights Newsletter Check & Report Company About Us Leadership Team Customer Spotlights Partners Careers Press Why LegitScript? Search Log In Contact Us Protecting and Growing the World’s Digital Economy LegitScript blends cutting-edge AI, expert human insight, and unmatched market intelligence to help businesses anticipate threats and maintain compliance without slowing growth. Learn More Get In Touch Google Meta Microsoft Shopify North Flutterwave Shift Avidia Bank West America Bank Zoho Next Previous Merchant Onboarding AI-powered Risk Insights for Onboarding at Scale Maximize efficiency and reduce merchant time-to-processing with automated assessments that help you onboard merchants in minutes. Get a Demo Be the first to know about merchant risk with: Content Scan - Automate website reviews with real-time website scans and risk assessments. Merchant Match - Prevent known violators from gaining access to your ecosystem. MCC Detection - Identify the correct merchant category code in seconds. KYB Checks - Scale Know Your Business due diligence without increasing manual work. Learn More Merchant Risk Solutions Platform Risk Solutions Industry Intelligence Products Merchant Risk Solutions Merchant Risk Solutions Assess and manage merchant risk, including transaction laundering, to grow with confidence and reduce fine exposure throughout the merchant life cycle. Learn More Merchant Onboarding Get rapid onboarding risk intelligence with AI insights. Merchant Monitoring Learn how to get the most accurate and highest quality merchant intelligence on the market - all in real time. Demo Videos Demo videos, use cases, and top resources that can help you understand how to leverage LegitScript for risk mitigation and merchant monitoring. Resource Center LegitScript's Merchant Risk Solutions Resource Center offers essential information on the most frequently asked questions around the most important topics in payments risk and compliance. FAQs Frequently Asked Questions about our process and services. Platform Risk Solutions Platform Risk Solutions Uncover hard-to-detect violations in ads, product listings, and user-generated content to protect your platform and enable enforcement. Learn More Ad Monitoring Quickly identify and remove violative paid advertisements to safely grow advertising platform revenue. Marketplace Monitoring Detect prohibited or risky product listings to protect your brand and make your marketplace a safer place to buy and sell. Solution Brief Learn why the world's largest search engines, online marketplaces, and social media platforms trust LegitScript. Industry Intelligence Products Industry Intelligence Products Leverage the world’s most robust risk data and subject matter expertise to navigate regulatory changes and stay ahead of emerging threats. Learn More Risk Landscape Reports Gain expert insights into emerging high-risk trends to safeguard your business and stay ahead of threats. Data Lookups Access the premier source for risk information about healthcare products and websites to power your risk and compliance workflows. Attention Canadian Drug & Alcohol Treatment Centers A LegitScript certification permits Canadian providers to advertise on Google and represents a significant opportunity to connect with more people in need of support on their journey toward recovery. Learn More Discover More Explore Resources Blog Articles 12/15/2025 On-Demand! Marketplace Risk Global Summit Panel Discover key insights from our panel at the Marketplace Risk Global Summit, including how generative AI is reshaping trust & safety, emerging platform risks, evolving policy needs, and the growing role of AI-driven enforcement tools. Read More Press 12/09/2025 Problematic Peptides Market: LegitScript Data Reveals Multi-Year Surge Across Social Media, E-Commerce, and Advertisements LegitScript data reveals a multi-year surge of problematic peptides sales across social media, e-commerce, and advertisements. This first-of-its-kind dataset provides businesses and consumers with insights into where and how problematic peptides appear online. Read the press release. Read More Webinars 12/08/2025 Provisional Approvals: Balancing Instant Merchant Onboarding with Risk Mitigation In this webinar, panelists will compare provisional approvals with traditional underwriting models, discuss the operational and compliance implications of each, and show how technology can support both approaches without compromising oversight. Learn more. Read More Webinars 11/26/2025 Intoxicating Hemp: What the New Federal Law Means for You A new law regarding intoxicating hemp has major impacts for companies that help facilitate sales of these products, including payment service providers and online platforms. Watch our webinar to learn how the changes may impact you. Read More Press 11/24/2025 Compliance Countdown: VAMP and MMP Bring the Heat to Merchant Risk In this article in Total Retail, LegitScript’s Dan Frechtling explains how two major deadlines are reshaping how companies that facilitate payment processing must approach merchant risk: Visa’s Acquirer Monitoring Program (VAMP) and Mastercard’s revised Merchant Monitoring Program (MMP). Learn more. Read More Videos 11/14/2025 LegitScript Analysts: Meet the Humans Behind Our Human-in-the-Loop Technology LegitScript’s Merchant Risk Solutions combine advanced technology with human expertise. Our analysts don’t just review data — they connect dots, uncover hidden risks, and enhance our automated systems. This human-in-the-loop approach delivers fast, accurate risk detection and deeper insight. Meet the experts bringing human intelligence to an increasingly automated world. Read More Blog Articles 11/14/2025 Industry Experts Talked About These Three Key Issues at the Marketplace Risk Global Summit Learn about the most pressing issues discussed at this year’s Marketplace Risk Global Summit, including AI dangers and opportunities, global regulations, internal trust & safety challenges, and more. Read More Blog Articles 11/13/2025 FTC Payments Enforcement Trends: Key Takeaways for Payment Service Providers Learn about the Federal Trade Commission’s evolving enforcement priorities and what it means for payment companies navigating today’s compliance environment. Read More Blog Articles 11/12/2025 Navigating AI’s Gray Areas: Why Human Oversight Still Matters As AI becomes more embedded in compliance and risk operations, organizations face new questions about control, context, and accountability. This piece explores how thoughtful human oversight can keep innovation effective, ethical, and aligned with evolving regulatory expectations. Read More Blog Articles 11/12/2025 LegitScript Marketplace Risk NYC Panel Recap: AI Blind Spots: The Gray Areas of Risk, Policy & Regulation As artificial intelligence transforms compliance and risk management, the need for human judgment has never been clearer. This Marketplace Risk NYC panel discussion examines how organizations can balance innovation with oversight to navigate AI’s growing influence responsibly. Read More Webinars 11/10/2025 Peptides Everywhere Peptides are having a moment. But for payment processors, e-commerce marketplaces, and other online platforms, these cure-alls can also cause headaches. Register for this webinar learn more about the regulatory status of these products and the risks they pose. Read More Blog Articles 11/04/2025 Watch Out For These High-risk Merchant Behaviors During the Holiday Season With holiday spending set to rise this year, payment processors and online marketplaces vulnerable to increasingly sophisticated scams and other high-risk tactics. Keep reading to learn about illicit and brand-damaging behavior that can spike during the holiday season. Read More Press 11/04/2025 AI Confusion & The Challenge of Being a CPTO in 2025 In this episode of Software Leaders Uncensored, LegitScript’s Tom Cook discusses his career journey from engineer to CPTO, the importance of aligning product and engineering teams, and the challenges of managing remote teams. Listen now to the podcast. Read More Blog Articles 10/30/2025 The Growing Risk of Peptides: What Online Platforms and Payment Processors Need to Know Do you want to get more muscular, and maybe lose some weight? There are peptides for that. What if you want to become more tan, or improve your skin and nails? There are peptides for those too. Recover from injuries faster? Fix your digestive issues? Slow aging? You guessed it – peptides. Peptides are having… Read More Press 10/30/2025 How AI Is Rewriting Payments: From Fraud Detection to Agentic Commerce In this article in the DevPro Journal, LegitScript’s Dan Frechtling writes about how the future of payments will belong to those who innovate responsibly, combining intelligence with integrity to build a safer, more transparent digital economy. Read More Blog Articles 10/28/2025 Key Takeaways from HLTH 2025: Building Trust and Transparency in Healthcare The HLTH 2025 conference highlighted how deeply connected the healthcare ecosystem is. Learn about LegitScript’s participation at the event and get key takeaways from our talks with healthcare leaders, innovators, and policymakers who are shaping the future of patient care. Read More Press 10/27/2025 LegitScript Acquires Kompliant to Redefine Merchant Underwriting and Monitoring with End-to-End Risk Intelligence and Automation The integration of Kompliant’s advanced underwriting and compliance workflow automation technology with LegitScript’s established risk intelligence data, onboarding, and monitoring capabilities will create a unified suite of products designed to streamline compliance operations across the payments ecosystem. Read More Guides 10/24/2025 Understanding Peptides Peptides are gaining in popularity, but not all are legal or safe. For payments companies and online platforms, it’s critical to recognize the red flags of unapproved peptide sales to protect consumers, stay compliant with regulations, and avoid reputational harm. Read the guide. Read More Blog Articles 10/24/2025 Seeing Stars: How LegitScript and Regulators Fight the Sale of Fake Reviews It’s not just online marketplaces that need to worry about fake reviews. With the FTC now targeting this widespread problem, payment service providers can be targeted by regulators for facilitating their sale. Learn more. Read More Blog Articles 10/17/2025 Merchant Monitoring and the Power of AI + Human Expertise: A Conversation with Dan Frechtling Dan Frechtling shares how LegitScript helps acquirers reduce merchant risk and prepare for Mastercard’s Merchant Monitoring Program (MMP) January 1, 2026 deadline. Read More Subscribe to Newsletter Stay on top of the latest resources, news and announcements Subscribe Search Solutions Merchant Risk Solutions Platform Risk Solutions Industry Intelligence Products Website Change Detection Certification Addiction Treatment Healthcare CBD Enterprise Certification Programs Website Certification Status Industries Payment Facilitators & ISOs Acquiring Banks E-commerce Marketplaces Search Engines Social Platforms Addiction Treatment Healthcare CBD Resources Blog Webinars Videos Guides Events Newsletter Check & Report Company Contact Us About Us Leadership Customer Spotlights Careers Partners Press Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2026 LegitScript. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Solutions Products Merchant Risk Solutions Merchant Onboarding MCC Detection Healthcare Merchant Certification Merchant Monitoring Transaction Laundering Detection Merchant URL Identification Platform Risk Solutions Ad Monitoring Marketplace Monitoring Industry Intelligence Products Risk Landscape Reports Data Lookups Website Change Detection Industries Payment Facilitators & ISOs Acquiring Banks E-commerce Marketplaces Search Engines Social Platforms Certification Addiction Treatment Certification Healthcare Certification CBD Certification Enterprise Certification Programs Website Certification Status Resources Blog Webinars Events Videos Guides Customer Spotlights Newsletter Check & Report Company About Us Leadership Team Customer Spotlights Partners Careers Press Why LegitScript? Search Log In Contact Us