Skip to main content
ABOUT
ACADEMICS
RESEARCH
ADMISSIONS
STUDENT LIFE
ATHLETICS
GIVING
Pathing Navigation - New Nav
RESOURCES FOR 
Real learning. Real people. Real progress.
True Progress Begins Here

At Lehigh, real problem-solving, mentorship and collaboration lead to true and lasting impact, here on our campus, in the Lehigh Valley and well beyond. Our faculty, staff and 7,000+ undergraduate and graduate students are committed to creating an inclusive community dedicated to positively impacting the future.

Academics at Lehigh

With a 10:1 student-faculty ratio, our academic approach fosters a culture of innovation, promotes intellectual risk-taking and embraces integrative strategies that drive transformative research, essential discovery and real impact.

Explore Academics
Undergraduate Studies
Graduate Studies
Interdisciplinary Opportunities
Engaged Research
High-Impact Opportunities
Global Experiences
 Nancy  Cárcamo Paiz  27
 Bioengineering Major

My experience in Sierra Leone as a Global Social Impact Fellow was eye-opening. It reinforced my passion for engineering. It also made me realize that I can start making an impact in the world now, during my years as an undergraduate.

Browse Majors & Undergraduate Programs
$74K

average starting salary of 2024 graduates

Lehigh graduates earn high starting salaries, securing strong financial futures with a median earning potential of $47k right out of school.

29th

in the U.S.

Lehigh was ranked 29th Best University in the U.S. by The Wall Street Journal/College Pulse.

Explore the Numbers
College of Arts & Sciences
College of Business
College of Health
P.C. Rossin College of Engineering & Applied Science
College of Education
Lehigh News

EVENTS AND SPEAKERS
Arianna Huffington Discusses How AI Can Improve Health at Compelling Perspectives

The founder and CEO of Thrive Global and founder of the Huffington Post explained how “microsteps” are crucial in improving habits and how AI can help.

Huffington was the first of three speakers in Lehigh’s 2025-26 Compelling Perspectives series.

 Audio Available

 
Filter by topic:
- Any -
Academics and Colleges
Alumni
Arts and Culture
Athletics
Events and Speakers
Global
Inclusive Excellence and Belonging
Research
Student Experience
University News
RESEARCH
Lehigh’s Research Highlights of 2025
EVENTS AND SPEAKERS
Pete Buttigieg to Deliver 2026 Kenner Lecture
UNIVERSITY NEWS
Lehigh Advances Into Year Three of Its Strategy With a Focus on Sustaining Success
See All Stories
A Meaningful Student Experience

Lehigh boasts a vibrant and genuine campus community, rigorous academics, a commitment to student belonging and a track record of strong graduate outcomes. This is Lehigh.

Life on Campus
92%

Prepared for Success after College

Among those in the Class of 2024, 92% were employed, continuing education or pursuing military or volunteer service within six months of graduation.
See Student Outcomes
A Community of Belonging
200+

Something for Everyone

With 200-plus clubs, including 41 sports and 22 Greek organizations, students find diverse extracurricular opportunities at Lehigh.
Browse Extracurriculars
Research for Real Impact

Research at Lehigh, a Carnegie-classified R1 institution, focuses on critical areas of significant impact, employing interdisciplinary approaches to tackle complex global challenges and yield measurable outcomes.

Lehigh Professor Makes Waves in Underwater Communications Utilizing Turbo Equalization
October 1, 2025
 Audio Available
Lehigh University and Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Join Forces to Advance Disability Health Equity
September 19, 2025
 Audio Available
The Small Cities Lab at Lehigh University: Partnering with Communities for Lasting Change
June 19, 2025
 Audio Available
Future Makers

From the classroom to the community, both on campus and around the world, Lehigh students, faculty and alumni are Future Makers, working to enact positive change.

Discovering Superalloys

Examining Art Then & Now

Exploring Life’s Origins

READY TO GET STARTED?

At Lehigh, you’ll be part of a supportive and collaborative community where innovative and integrative learning drives real progress

Explore Undergraduate Admissions
Explore Graduate Admissions
Scenes from South Mountain
See More Photos
Inspiring The Future Makers
The Lehigh University Strategic Plan articulates a shared vision for new directions and bold possibilities. Many wonder what the future holds. At Lehigh, we shape it together.
Learn about our Strategic Plan
GO Beyond: The Campaign for Future Makers
The ambitious next phase of Lehigh’s powerful fundraising and engagement campaign invites the entire university community to help shape Lehigh’s future.
Vist the Campaign website

27 Memorial Drive West
Bethlehem, PA 18015 USA
Phone: (610) 758-3000

Social Media
Follow Lehigh on Facebook
Follow Lehigh on Instagram
Follow Lehigh on LinkedIn
Follow Lehigh on YouTube
Follow Lehigh on TikTok
Our Campus
Equitable Community
Directory
Contact
Maps
The Lehigh Store
Resources
Emergency Info
Web Accessibility
Lehigh Mobile Apps
Report a Concern
Policies and Reports
Higher Education Opportunity Act
Non-Discrimination
Security & Fire Safety Report
Terms of Service
Terms of Use
Privacy
© 2025 All rights reserved.
Use of personal data and cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our site, to personalize content and to improve functionality. By continuing to use this site, we will assume you agree with our use of these technologies as described in the Privacy Statement.

ACCEPT AND CONTINUE