LEMMA Solutions Advertisers Media Owners CTV DOOH Products Integral Delta Sigma Phi Infibid About Us Resources Contact Us Careers Request a Demo Get in touch with us Outdoor to Outcome! Maximizing ROI via Emerging Media Omnichannel Ad Tech Platform: Unified approach to reaching TG audience Expand Brand visibility across all channels Full geographic coverage through multiple digital platforms starting with DOOH Get in touch with us Outdoor to Outcome! Maximizing ROI via Emerging Media Omnichannel Ad Tech Platform: Unified approach to reaching TG audience Expand Brand visibility across all channels Full geographic coverage through multiple digital platforms starting with DOOH Omni Channel Ad Tech Platform Maximizing ROI via Emerging Media Outdoor to Outcome! Get in touch with us Milestones Milestones Outdoor To Outcome Introducing Lemma Integral – a full-funnel platform that transforms your OOH impressions into impactful results. It maximizes your campaign impact, driving full-funnel success with improved visibility, recall, and digital conversions. Advertise with us Integral - Full Funnel Solution Who is Lemma for Let's make Programmatic L e m m a gic together! Our Omnichannel platform empowers you with complete control & flexibility over your campaigns to help you leverage the power of emerging media in a few simple steps. Simplify the complexities of emerging media planning Detailed reports for unmatched transparency A unified, comprehensive solution for your digital campaigns LEMMAXIMIZE your marketing impact! Our powerful programmatic SSP platform empowers you to take complete charge of your inventory, allowing you to optimize your monetization, and opening up your inventory to brands across the globe. Transforms your inventory into prime real estate Connects you to brands from all over the world Hands you complete control over your screens LEMMASTER control over your inventory OUR PRODUCTS L e m m a gic at your fingertips Innovative solutions to LEMMAnage your campaigns or inventory a platform For Brands & Advertisers Activate campaign on mass-media Retarget high intent audiences and reconnect with them through personal and in-home devices Tap into curated audiences across the digital ecosystem through various partners to drive ultimate conversion Know More a platform For Media Owners Efficiently utilize & monetize your media inventory Gain access to global brands & advertisers Gain complete control & programmatic transparency Know More Manage your DOOH content with our CMS system The most powerful CMS tool you have ever used Ties in to our Sigma platform to give you end-to-end control Know More L e m m a gnified success stories ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ Want to L e m m a ximize your campaigns/ inventory? Tell us how to reach you and you’ll hear from us in 24 hours. Get in touch with us Solutions Advertisers Media Owners Careers Apply to us Products Integral Delta Sigma Phi Infibid Resources Blogs Newsroom Case Studies contactus@lemmamedia.com NEW YORK 530 Fifth Ave, 9th Floor, New York, 10036, US +91 9325443396 support@lemmamedia.com Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Solutions Advertisers Media Owners Careers Apply to us Products Integral Delta Sigma Phi Infibid Resources Blogs Newsroom Case Studies Copyright © 2025 Lemma. All rights reserved. Menu We use cookies to improve functionality and personalize your experience. Manage your preferences by clicking on Customize button. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to know more. Reject All Customize Accept All Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Name Domain Purpose Expiry Type wpl_user_preference lemmamedia.com WP GDPR Cookie Consent Preferences. 1 year HTTP YSC youtube.com YouTube session cookie. 55 years HTTP Marketing Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Name Domain Purpose Expiry Type VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE youtube.com YouTube cookie. 6 months HTTP Analytics Analytics Analytics cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Name Domain Purpose Expiry Type _ga lemmatechnologies.com Google Universal Analytics long-time unique user tracking identifier. 2 years HTTP Cookie Privacy Policy lemmamedia.com --- 1 day HTTP Preferences Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Name Domain Purpose Expiry Type NID google.com Google unique id for preferences. 6 months HTTP Unclassified Unclassified Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Name Domain Purpose Expiry Type bcookie linkedin.com --- 1 year --- lidc linkedin.com --- 1 days --- VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA youtube.com --- 6 months --- _ga_EHLP0866S2 lemmatechnologies.com --- 2 years --- pvc_visits[0] lemmamedia.com --- 1 days --- Save And Accept Cookies