Payments, tax & subscriptions for software companies • Lemon Squeezy Payout fees sliced — another step towards a better Lemon Squeezy Read more Platform ECommerce Subscriptions Maximize your revenue with subscriptions Payments Payments and billing made easy-peasy Online Stores Your own online storefront in minutes Digital Products Sell digital products any way you want Checkout Overlays Add a native checkout flow anywhere Hosted Checkouts Increase conversions with hosted checkouts Features Affiliates Empower your superfans with affiliate tools Usage-based Billing new Track usage and bill based on consumption Customer Portal new A self-service customer portal for your store Discount Codes Coupons & discounts for a feel-good checkout Lead Magnets Distribute free products that build interest Pay What You Want Let customers choose the price they pay Reporting Merchant of Record Global sales tax & compliance handled for you Fraud Prevention Your always-on shield from financial fraud Customer Management Build enduring customer partnerships Changelog updates Freshly squeezed platform updates Roadmap Learn what features are on the horizon Resources Helpful links Help Center Need help or have a question? Help Docs Detailed help docs and knowledge base Developer Docs Browse our extensive developer docs Suggest a Feature Vote on new ideas or suggest your own Case studies All studies Canvas Supply achieved a 94% revenue boost with Lemon Squeezy Blog All articles 🌍 Checkout Localization: Now Live on Lemon Squeezy! ✨ Pricing Wedges Help Sign in Get started Get started Payments, tax & subscriptions for software companies As your merchant of record, we handle the tax compliance burden so you can focus on more revenue and less headache. Get started for free trusted by thousands of companies globally why lemon squeezy? Lemon Squeezy is the all-in-one platform for running your SaaS business. Payments, subscriptions, global tax compliance, fraud prevention, multi-currency support, failed payment recovery, PayPal integration and more. We make running your software business easy peasy. 01 Global tax compliance We’re your merchant of record. That means we handle payments, merchant fees, fraud and sales tax without you lifting a finger. 02 Borderless SaaS payments Instantly sell your digital products around the globe. As your merchant of record, you can accept payments from 135+ countries right out of the box with zero setup. 03 Instant payment methods Our no-code and API solutions support 20+ payment methods , and we offer bank payouts globally. 04 Local currency support Offer your products in your local currency to increase checkout conversions . Lemon Squeezy currency support spans 130+ countries. 05 A.I. fraud prevention Using real-time AI to detect anomalous patterns across signups, logins, refunds, and other actions, Lemon Squeezy protects you from malicious attacks . 06 Failed payment recovery Lemon Squeezy offers a powerful dunning management system to combat involuntary churn from subscriptions, card retries, and customer emails. ecommerce Create the perfect buying experience for your customers Launch your secure ecommerce website and start selling software, subscriptions and digital downloads anywhere in minutes. Utilize no-code checkout links without worrying about design, mobile optimization, or payment integrations. It really is easy-peasy. e/1 Accept online payments Don't worry about merchant accounts and billing logic. Choose per seat, usage-based and more . Customize as little or as much as you like. e/2 Recurring billing + subscriptions Charge customers on a weekly, monthly, or yearly basis. Manage upgrades, downgrades, and cancels . Offer free trials, discounts, and more. e/3 License key management Automatically issue license keys for your software and apps after each sale. Deactivate, re-issue, and have full control over license management. e/4 Sell digital downloads Anyone can provide download links, but what about security and abuse? Your download links are securely signed , throttled, and more. e/5 No-code checkout forms No matter what you use for your website, you can embed your checkout or share your unique checkout links and sell anywhere. e/6 Launch your ecommerce store Build an ecommerce website in minutes without coding or design skills . Customizable, SSL secured and mobile-optimized as standard. marketing Grow your business with integrated marketing tools Grow your audience, build long-lasting customer relationships, and make more sales with powerful, easy-to-use marketing tools . Whether you need to offer discount codes or you want to build your email list, you can do it all with Lemon Squeezy. M/1 Email marketing made easy Combining e-commerce and email marketing gives you context to finally send emails like you know your customers — because you do. M/2 Avoid the spam folders Leverage Lemon Squeezy’s glowing reputation and increase your delivery rates to land more emails in more inboxes without the hassle. M/3 Grow with lead magnets Gain attention with freebies and “Pay what you want” pricing offering, and turn subscribers into customers. Watch your email list grow overnight. M/4 Create bundles + upsells Sell your products individually, or bundle them together in unique collections to earn more expansion revenue instantly. M/5 Discounts + coupon codes Generate unique coupon codes to reward your customers and nudge visitors closer to purchasing with one singular view to manage it all. M/6 Segment your customers Gain powerful data and insights about your customers as your store grows, and target customers based on how they interact with your brand. Reporting Understand your business and customers Running a software company requires its own unique set of insights — free trial conversion rates, MRR, churn rate, and more. Get to know your customers so you can understand your business needs, up your marketing and take your business to new heights . r/1 Understand your revenue Like your business, accurate metrics are serious. Lead your business with confidence . There’s nothing more frustrating than cloudy metrics. r/2 All-in-one revenue reconciliation With Lemon Squeezy, you can accept up to 21 payment methods , including PayPal, all under one roof. We also shoulder the burden of VAT / taxes. r/3 Real-time revenue insights Have peace of mind monitoring your most valuable metrics relating to your business. From MRR, refunds, average order value, and more. r/4 Understand your audience By having your ecommerce and customer data in one central location, you can connect with your audience in a whole new way. Context matters. r/5 Recover lost payments More than just card retries. From abandoned carts to failed payment recovery, understand where your leaky buckets are and how to fix them. r/6 Track email performance Frequently communicating with your audience is half the battle. Learn how your message is being received so you can course correct quickly. developers Built for developers, by developers Lemon Squeezy was born out of frustration with existing solutions on the market. As beautiful as it looks, the platform is just as flexible with you, the developer, in mind . We spend an unfathomable amount of time making the platform a joy to work with. D/1 Powerful, flexible API + Webhooks A full REST API that has predictable URLs and valid responses, uses standard codes, authentication, and verbs. Plus webhooks for asynchronous events . Voilà. Explore the API D/2 Documentation so good you’ll cry We invest our time into fully abstracting our API so your team can focus on building a cohesive system. Integrate with Lemon Squeezy in minutes , not months. Read the docs Community You’re in good company Lemon Squeezy is the heartbeat for your business. Join thousands of successful startups, software companies, and digital creators using our platform. Become part of a growing community of innovative thinkers, makers, movers, and shakers — you're in good company here. "I’ve never come across a platform that has made it SO easy-peasy to start selling. Lemon Squeezy is full of beautiful surprises, and it’s a genuine joy to use!" Rachel Shillcock @MissRachilli “It’s so good to have a system focused on digital products, and it took me no time at all to allow customers to buy fonts straight from my website. There’s so much potential. I can’t wait to see what’s next!” TypeHeist typeheist.co “I made my first $99/yr sale within the first hour of setup! Finally, an all-in-one solution for makers with multiple products, with the ability to sell with both subscription and one-off pricing. Incredible.” Rob Hope onepagelove.com “It’s refreshing to see Lemon Squeezy focusing solely on digital products. Giving you all the necessary tools you’ll need to start selling your products and subscriptions quickly and easily.” Ian Barnard @ian_barnard "I'm moving the Serverless Laravel course to Lemon Squeezy and will host my new course there too. They have completely solved the Google Analytics issue by offering to disable Google Pay for my checkout" Jack Ellis usefathom.com "Lemon Squeezy made setting up a store and selling digital products super easy and fun. No more clunky plugins to manage or taxes to worry about. Lemon Squeezy does everything I need and more." Mike McAlister liftoffcourse.com c/1 How Iconic uses Lemon Squeezy to power software licensing + subscriptions Read the case study c/2 How Figma Academy used Lemon Squeezy to earn $300k with a Figma course Read the case study Support Whatever stage of your journey, we’re here to help No matter the stage of your company, we stand behind our promise to provide exceptional customer support , from initial setups to massive migrations and everything in between. Invest in your business with peace of mind that we're here for you whether you need technical help or business advice. s/1 Creator Guide Looking for some advice on how to sell and market your digital products? Download the creator’s guide to dive deep into getting your idea off the ground. Download s/2 Merchant of Record Guide Free guide for all entrepreneurs and organizations explaining why partnering with a Merchant of Record is more important than you might realize. Download s/3 Want merch? Want some fresh Lemon Squeezy swag with all the lemon puns you could ever imagine? The wait is almost over as we’re gearing up for a limited-time merch drop. Get on the list S/4 Book a demo today and get your own personal guided tour of Lemon Squeezy Still have questions about Lemon Squeezy? Book a call with our sales team today and we’ll show exactly how we can revolutionize the way your business handles global payments and sales tax forever. Book a product tour → S/4 Need help? If you’re looking to get in touch with support, talk to the founders, or just say hello, we’re all ears. Help center Documentation API documentation Product roadmap Changelog elevate your business Take your business to the next level with Lemon Squeezy Get started for free Resources Help center Help docs Developer docs Guide to MoR Creators' Guide Wedges Compare Gumroad Alternative Paddle Alternative Features Affiliates PayPal Subscriptions Usage-based Billing Customer Portal Discount Codes Lead Magnets PWYW Pricing Roadmap Changelog Suggest features Platform Merchant of Record Subscriptions Payments Online Storefront Digital Products Checkout Overlays Hosted Checkouts Fraud Prevention Customer Management Company About Pricing Case Studies Wall of Love Blog Brand Assets Migration Offer @lemonsqueezy © 2025 Lemon Squeezy, LLC  • Privacy • Terms • DPA  •