Languages
Skip navigation links
Documentation
Get Help
Blog
Donate
About Us
Donate Now
lencr.org
Last updated: July 31, 2025
See all Documentation
What’s lencr.org?

lencr.org is a domain name owned by Let’s Encrypt. We use it to host data that is referenced inside the certificates we issue.

Why is my computer fetching this data? Is it malicious?

No, the data on lencr.org is never malicious. When a device connects to lencr.org, it’s because client software on that device (like a web browser or an app) connected to another site, saw a Let’s Encrypt certificate, and is trying to verify that it’s valid. This is routine for many clients.

We can’t speak to whether the other site being connected to is malicious. If you’re investigating network activity that seems unusual, then you may want to focus on the connection that started just before the connection to lencr.org.

The pattern of clients’ connections to lencr.org might look unusual or intermittent. Clients might never retrieve this data; only retrieve subsets of it; or “cache” some data for efficiency, so they’ll only access it sometimes (the first time they need it, and when the data may have expired).

What exactly is this data for?

When client software (like a web browser or an app) connects to a site, and that site presents a certificate, the client should verify that the certificate is authentic and valid. This data helps clients do that in several ways.

Under c.lencr.org, we provide Certificate Revocation Lists (CRLs) listing all the unexpired certificates that we issued and later revoked.

Under i.lencr.org, we provide copies of our intermediate “issuer” certificates, which are either signed by one of our root certificates or “cross-signed” by another Certificate Authority (CA). A client may use this data to confirm the “chain of trust” from the end-entity certificate it’s verifying, via one or more intermediate steps, to a root CA certificate that it recognizes and trusts.

Why “lencr.org”?

We used to use longer URLs like http://example.int-x3.letsencrypt.org/. However, when we issued our new root and intermediate certificates, we wanted to make them as small as possible. Every HTTPS connection on the web (billions per day) has to send a copy of a certificate, so every byte matters. We chose lencr.org because of its similarity with our name: Let’s ENCRypt. We pronounce it much like the fictional region of Lancre in Terry Pratchett’s Discworld novels.

Let's Encrypt is a free, automated, and open Certificate Authority brought to you by the nonprofit Internet Security Research Group (ISRG). Read all about our nonprofit work this year in our 2025 Annual Report.

LEGAL ADDRESS
548 Market St, PMB 77519
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
USA
SEND ALL MAIL OR INQUIRIES TO:
PO Box 18666
Minneapolis, MN 55418-0666
USA
SUBSCRIBE FOR EMAIL UPDATES ABOUT LET'S ENCRYPT AND OTHER ISRG PROJECTS
© 2025 Internet Security Research Group
GitHub
LinkedIn
Terms
Privacy Policy
Trademark Policy