Skip to main content
Skip to footer

GPT-Image-1.5

Available Now
Features
Solutions
Learn
For Teams
For Developers
Pricing
Contact
Launch App
Creativity, Unleashed.
Leverage generative AI with a unique suite of tools to convey your ideas to the world.
Get Started
Developer API
For Creators
Create production-quality visual assets for your projects with unprecedented quality, speed, and style-consistency.
For Teams
Bring your team's best ideas to life at scale, with our intuitive AI-first creative suite designed for collaboration and built for business.
For Developers
Experience content creation excellence with Leonardo.AI's API. With unmatched scalability, effortlessly tailor outputs to your brand guideline
As Featured In
Use Leonardo today for
Inspiration
Character Design
Game Assets
Concept Art
Graphic Design
Fashion
Marketing
Advertising
Product Photography
Architecture
Interior Design
And much more
+18 Million Creators using Leonardo.Ai
Our users love using Leonardo to build their marketing assets. We empower them to create assets at scale, faster than ever, with cutting-edge technology.
Join them today
I like to describe it as "photoshop on steroids." Leonardo.Ai's advanced capabilities enable us to seamlessly blend and enhance images. These stills are then seamlessly integrated back into the workflow using Leonardo.Ai, resulting in highly detailed and expressive visual assets.
Christophe Mes
Chief of Staff, Springbok Group
Leonardo’s Toolkit
Image Generation
AI Canvas
3D Texture Generation
Image Generation
Envision The Extraordinary

 Take creativity a step further with the transformative power of our AI Image Generation tool. It’s not just about bringing your concepts to life — redefine the impossible. From beginners to professionals, we offer a spectrum of settings that can be intuitively tailored to your needs.

Discover an unprecedented fusion of simplicity and power, designed to cater to creative minds at all levels.

Unveil New Creative Horizons with Fine-tuned Models
Leonardo Anime XL
A new high-speed Anime-focused model that excels at a range of anime, illustrative, and CG styles.
Leonardo Lightning XL
Our new high-speed generalist image gen model. Great at everything from photorealism to painterly styles.
Leonardo Kino XL
A model with a strong focus on cinematic outputs. Excels at wider aspect ratios, and does not need a negative prompt.
Leonardo Diffusion XL
The next phase of the core Leonardo model. Stunning outputs, even with short prompts.
Leonardo Vision XL
A versatile model that excels at realism and photography. better results with longer prompts.
AlbedoBase XL
A great generalist model that tends towards more CG artistic outputs. By albedobond.
PhotoReal
Leonardo PhotoReal is our latest innovation, a powerful pipeline designed to generate hyper-realistic photos and lifelike portraits.
RPG v5
Anashel returns with another great model, specialising in RPG characters of all kinds.
DreamShaper v7
Lykon is back with another update. this model is great at a range of different styles.
SDXL 1.0
Diffusion-based text-to-image generative model
SDXL 0.9
The latest Stable Diffusion model, currently in Beta.
3D Animation Style
Great at 3D film vibes, capable of complex scenes with rich color. Storyboard time!
Absolute Reality v1.6
A photorealistic style model from Lykon. Great at all sorts of photorealism.
Leonardo Diffusion
A model with incredible shading and contrast, great at both photos and artistic styles, by cac0e.
DreamShaper v6
A new update to an incredibly versatile model, excels at both people and environments, by Lykon.
Deliberate 1.1
A powerful model created by XpucT that is great for both photorealism and artistic creations.
Vintage Style Photography
This model can generate a broad range of imagery with a vintage style as if it was taken from a film camera.
DreamShaper 3.2
This model by Lykon is great at a range of portrait styles as well as artistic backgrounds.
RPG 4.0
From whimsical fairy-like beings to mythical creatures, create unique cute spirit characters.
Luna
For the best result keep Guidance Scale between 3-11.
Paper art style
Paper art style.
Ilustration V2
It is another model of artistic and illustrative images with different styles.
Spirit Creatures
From whimsical fairy-like beings to mythical creatures, create unique cute spirit characters.
Character Portraits
A model that's for creating awesome RPG characters of varying classes in a consistent style.
At Leonardo, we has just launched Image Guidance, a transformative addition to our ControlNet suite. This feature greatly improves the way you style and structure your images, allowing for intricate adjustments with diverse ControlNet settings. It also offers a plethora of benefits, including new tools, independent weighting, and the ability to use multiple ControlNet options simultaneously.
Isometric Fantasy
Create all sorts of isometric fantasy environments. Try appending "3d vray render, isometric" and using a guidance scale of 6. For the negative pro...
Isometric Scifi Buildings
Great at creating scifi buildings of varying themes. Append the word isometric to your prompt to ensure an isometric view. "3d vray render" also here.
Cute Animal Characters
Perfect for creating adorable and cute animal characters - loveable and playful designs.
Shields
Create a variety of impressively varied and detailed shield designs. Allows for an incredible range of material types.
Magic Items
Create a wide range of magical items like weapons, shields, boots, books. Very versatile.
Platform Gallery
Load More
#3 Discord Server in the World
Be part of a creative community! 🌎
Join Discord Server
A community of over 4 million is waiting for you
Leonardo's power extends beyond our revolutionary tools — we are anchored in one of the largest and most supportive AI communities worldwide, and we're deeply committed to it.
"Leonardo gave me a way of expressing myself in a completely new and different way. Without AI I was only a consumer. Now I can create."
Malakai030
“Leo is suitable for those who are just starting their way in the world of AI images, as well as for professionals, who are offered a wide range of tools to work with.”
Raini Studios
“With its powerful fined tuned models Leonardo makes A.I art a breeze. The community is also the best I've found to date!”
Dee Does A.I
Our Partners
Create your next artwork, with the power of Leonardo Ai
Start using Leonardo
No credit card needed
Solutions
Blueprints
AI Image Generator
AI Art Generator
AI Video Generator
Transparent PNG Generator
AI Marketing Tools
AI Graphic Design
AI Print on Demand
AI Photography
AI Interior Design
AI Architecture
About
Pricing
API
FAQ
Blog
Support
Contact us
Careers
Leonardo Creator Program
Affiliate Program
Leonardo Imagination Fund
Get the App
Stay Tuned
Leonardo
.Ai
Leonardo Interactive Pty Ltd
ABN: 56 662 209 485

Leonardo.Ai is fully SOC 2 Type I and Type II accredited, demonstrating our commitment to the highest standards of security, availability, and data integrity. This ensures our customers can trust that their data is handled with enterprise-grade protection and compliance.

© 2025 All Rights Reserved, Leonardo Interactive Pty Ltd®
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
DPA
DMCA