Letsignit | Best Email Signature Manager for Outlook & Office 365 Product Email signature Campaigns vCard Integration Security Why Letsignit? For Communication Team For IT Team For Marketing Team Our Company Success Stories Offers Resources eBooks Blog Podcasts Webinars Press Help Center EN FR Login Begin Request a free trial Get the most out of your email signatures Create, manage and deploy branded email signatures at scale. Transform every employee email into a high-impact touchpoint for branding and engagement. Microsoft Gold Partner, Microsoft (Office) 365 seamless integration, and Azure cloud-based architecture Letsignit in 1 minute 32 emails a day, per employee. That’s 32 missed opportunities, or 32 wins. Brand consistency Increase your brand visibility by 17% Make sure all your emails perfectly reflect the brand you have worked so hard to build. Deploy hundreds of uniform email signatures effortlessly. Say goodbye to errors and inconsistencies in signatures. With Letsignit, everything is automatic. Demand generation Boost clicks, traffic or leads by 25% Rely on your employees and their relationships to boost the performance of your marketing initiatives. Integrate banners into all of your signatures and program them as campaigns . Add calendar links, surveys, social networks, CTAs, and much more to all of your email signatures. Employee engagement Enhance employee information by 38% Share your internal communications where your employees spend the most time – their emails. Thanks to our internal targeting feature , relay your important messages in all the emails your employees exchange on a daily basis. Don't take our word for it. More than 2 millions people trust Letsignit with every email they send. In order to ensure global communication and maintain our brand identity internationally, we have decided to take advantage of our employees' email signatures using Letsignit. This has been in place for almost 10 years, since June 2022! Martine GILLET‑ARAIC Digital Communication Officer 3,000 equipped employees Letsignit is easy to get started with, user-friendly, and customizable. The team is responsive and always pleasant when you have a question or need help with something. I highly recommend this excellent service! Kim‑Mai Buiba Internal Communication Manager 500 equipped employees Letsignit is easy to set up and administer. Signatures look great and it tracks marketing metrics and click rates. It also allows for easy navigation when setting up URLs on our signatures. The value of this tool has been proven! Danny Murphy Partner, Technology & InfoSec 265 equipped employees Letsignit enhances and elevates our brand image, making it more dynamic. With the platform, we can create both internal and external campaigns to highlight events or promotions. Corinne Demange Digital Marketing Officer Letsignit is a tool that is both simple and powerful for standardizing employees' email signatures and also treats the signature as a new media. It can be used as a low-cost acquisition channel. All of this integrated into Microsoft Office 365. Carole Benichou Director of Microsoft 365 Division Before Letsignit with our old signatures, we couldn't add banners or do anything else. Everything was complicated. Although some things were possible, it took a lot of time for IT to create all the signatures. Elodie Mescam Senior Digital Strategy & Marketing Manager Read the success story I love the ability to change signatures and ad campaigns with just a click thanks to Letsignit. We used to have issues with uniformity, but this is no longer a concern for us. Luis Pontillo Digital Marketing Executive With Letsignit, there are no more outdated or image-format signatures! They are now all up-to-date and linked to our social networks, website, or specific campaigns! Damien Marty Information Systems Manager 135 equipped employees Read the success story Letsignit makes it easy to create campaigns and manage contact groups. Its link with Office 365 simplifies internal implementation and allows for tracking of user usage. The separation of signature and campaign creation enables fast updates, even with multiple entities. Rachel Pallamidessi Digital Communication Manager Letsignit is: easy to integrate, easy to manage, easy for users, and easy to use. Alaa Eddine Elhimer Tech Administrator 5,750 equipped employees Sleek professional design, no matter the device Stop settling for the old way Employees don’t follow approved brand guidelines Signatures contain errors, inconsistencies, and misspellings Manual processes steal time from IT Misaligned emails become missed marketing opportunities Generic templates don’t work across devices Get on-brand with Letsignit Standardize email signatures across campaigns and teams Make bulk updates in seconds No design skills required Rapid campaign distribution and tracking Customize for different business entities and campaigns Stop settling for the old way Employees don’t follow approved brand guidelines Signatures contain errors, inconsistencies, and misspellings Manual processes steal time from IT Misaligned emails become missed marketing opportunities Generic templates don’t work across devices Get on-brand with Letsignit Standardize email signatures across campaigns and teams Make bulk updates in seconds No design skills required Rapid campaign distribution and tracking Customize for different business entities and campaigns How does it work? 1 Design Create stunning, professional email signatures in minutes Use customizable templates or build your own with precision using our Drag & Drop Designer—no tech or design skills needed! Fine-tune every detail to align with your brand identity perfectly. More about signatures 2 Synchronize & Deploy Instantly update & roll out signatures across your entire organization Sync Letsignit with your company directory (Azure AD or local Azure), and let user information auto-populate in real-time. Deploy effortlessly to Outlook, Outlook Online, and mobile via our Microsoft 365 Add-in, co-developed with Microsoft. Learn more 3 Communicate & Measure Turn every email into a communication channel and feedback opportunity — both internally and externally Add dynamic banners to your team’s email signatures to promote campaigns and collect real-time insights, all without disrupting the flow of work. Whether it's for internal surveys, recruitment, events, or company news, each signature displays the right message for the right audience. Discover Letsignit Campaigns 4 Network Generate Smart Digital Business Cards Give every employee their own digital contact card, ready to use in Apple or Google Wallet. Letsignit’s vCards sync directly with your company directory so details are always up to date, complete and secure. No manual input, no risk of error. Just a simple, professional and sustainable solution for effortless contact sharing. Learn more Email is personal. That's why security is our top priority. Scalable & secure Highly scalable 100% cloud platform hosted on Microsoft Azure Certified with ISO 27018 and ISO 27001, the highest global standards for information and data security Audit & tests Regular security audit & penetration tests Learn more on security Easy to implement at scale. Enjoy local 24/5 support. Morgane Lahcen Maxime Justine Stéphanie Georges Sylvain Sana Emilie Gael Fred Marie-Laure 1-1 dedicated experts for deployment, customer care, and customer success. Live chat support with response in less than 1 minute. 24/7 US and EU local support with a 98% satisfaction rate. Product tour videos, help center with 400+ FAQs, and monthly web training sessions. Resource library Dive deeper. Unlock the full potential of your email signatures. Articles Success Stories eBooks This is some text inside of a div block. Text Link IT How to Send Photos by Email Advice How to Set Up a Footer in Gmail IT How to schedule an email on Gmail? IT How to Send Photos by Email Advice How to Set Up a Footer in Gmail IT How to schedule an email on Gmail? This is some text inside of a div block. Text Link Success Story Edenred France: Empowering 500 Salespeople With Every Email Sent Success Story How the Even Group Unified the Signatures of Its 45 Subsidiaries With Letsignit Success Story MICHELIN Connected Fleet harnesses the potential of its email signatures Success Story Edenred France: Empowering 500 Salespeople With Every Email Sent Success Story How the Even Group Unified the Signatures of Its 45 Subsidiaries With Letsignit Success Story MICHELIN Connected Fleet harnesses the potential of its email signatures This is some text inside of a div block. Text Link eBooks Internal Comms-Reimagined: 5 Ways Employees Can Scale Growth eBooks The ultimate guide to email signatures: inspirations, best practices, and use cases eBooks The ultimate guide to increase your marketing results with email signatures eBook Internal Comms-Reimagined: 5 Ways Employees Can Scale Growth eBook The ultimate guide to email signatures: inspirations, best practices, and use cases eBook The ultimate guide to increase your marketing results with email signatures See all resources Let's call this your signature move Speak with one of our experts and take a personalized tour of Letsignit Request a free trial Platform Email signature Campaigns vCard Integration Security Pricing Request a demo Why Letsignit For IT team For Marketing Team For Communication Team For Outlook & Microsoft Office 365 Resources Success Stories eBooks Blog Podcast Webinars Press Our company About us About us Join the team Contact us Contact Language Language EN FR Legal mentions Privacy Policy Cookies Policies © Letsignit 2025, all rights reserved