Level Infinite - Jump Into the Infinite Skip to main content News Games Login Account management Transaction record Payment method Logout Skip Navigation Games News Partners About Careers LEVEL INFINITE PASS Join the community, manage purchases and more Learn more English 日本語 Français Deutsch Dune: Awakening Continue your story in Chapter 2 and meet new and familiar characters, explore new locations, investigate brutal murders, and delve deeper into the past. Play Now Exoborne Gear up, get in, and get out in Exoborne, a tactical open world extraction shooter set in an apocalyptic U.S. transformed by extreme forces of nature. Learn More Honor of Kings Fearless! Unstoppable! Honor of Kings is now officially launched globally! Let's Play Together, Win as One! Play Now Level Infinite Pass Participate in our Discord event to win a $50 Steam gift card and become a member of the community for more. Join Discord Now! News Bloomberg: Michelle Liu on Tencent’s Global Gaming Strategy 11 December 2025 Read more Bloomberg: Michelle Liu on Tencent’s Global Gaming Strategy 11 December 2025 Company Level Infinite 4th Anniversary Kicks Off with Steam Deals! 5 December 2025 Level Infinite Signs Publishing Deal with SHIFT UP for New Title ‘Project Spirits’ Globally 26 November 2025 Company Jump into the infinite with us at the Level Infinite Showcase and Gamescom 2025 17 July 2025 All news Games More info More info More info More info More info More info More info More info More info More info Gear up, get in, and get out in Exoborne , a tactical open-world extraction shooter set in an apocalyptic U.S. transformed by extreme forces of nature. Rise from survival to dominance in a vast and seamless Arrakis shared by thousands of players. Honor of Kings is the world’s most-played mobile MOBA with 100 million daily players. PUBG MOBILE , as the original mobile version of PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS , co-developed by LightSpeed Studios and KRAFTON, Inc., was released globally in March 2018. Den of Wolves is a co-op heist FPS where you and your friends operate as criminals for hire in Midway City. Awaken as a weakened vampire after centuries of slumber in V Rising .  Hunt for blood to regain your strength while hiding from the scorching sun to survive. Ascend to the highest fathom of a pirate underworld with the infamous Davy Jones on this action-packed, revenge-driven journey. Control the captain’s headless body, stay on pace with his autonomous skull and keep his legend alive. GODDESS OF VICTORY: NIKKE is an immersive sci-fi RPG shooter game, where you recruit and command various maidens to form a squad that specializes in wielding guns. From the developers of the best-selling and award-winning franchise Vermintide, Warhammer 40,000: Darktide is a visceral 4-player co-op action game set in the hive city of Tertium. Warhammer: Vermintide 2 is a 4-player co-op action game set in the Warhammer Fantasy Battles world. All games LEVEL INFINITE PASS Join the community, manage purchases and more. Learn more Stay Updated Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news, updates, and more Name (Required) First Email (Required) By hitting subscribe, I agree to receive news, special offers and other information from LEVEL INFINITE, am 18 years of age or above or the relevant minimum age in my jurisdiction and acknowledge with the Privacy Policy . Support Media Kit Press " English 日本語 Français Deutsch Cookie Preferences Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms of service Legal Notice ©2021 - 2026 Proxima Beta Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved. Back to top