Lex Casino: Slots, Live Casino, Crash Casino Games for Real Money We're sorry but Lex Casino doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Lex Casino Lex Casino is the newest addition to the family of online gambling platforms that promises to fascinate players with an eye for class, excellence, and grandeur. This project already leaves behind a huge disparity between it and other online gambling sites. In addition to the intuitive design, which is optimised for mobile usage, it can boast a sportsbook that features high odds and a plethora of markets to bet on. The platform offers ingenious bonus policies thanks to an alluring four-tiered loyalty programme that will motivate even the most transient players to remain faithful. To ensure players have the best time, there are enticing offers available either with a bonus or promo code. Lex Casino offers a seamless experience of signing up: To sign up, players can use their email or phone number. There is also a possibility to register with a social network account. The project is secure and regulated to the highest standards. These criteria is only a short list of what makes it the best online casino. Online Casino Games After finishing the Lex Casino login process, players can begin to enjoy an immersive betting experience with casino games from the best providers in the industry. In a bid to protect and its brand values emphasising luxury and style, there are varieties of highly engaging titles across several game types. From heart-racing slots to Crash games, the project promises an entertaining adventure. Beyond hosting numerous online slots, the site has incorporated a number of Table Games such as: Baccarat. Blackjack. Roulette. Poker. Players can easily find their favourite games with the impeccable arrangement of games in this new casino. Online Casino Slots By far the most played games on the site are Lex Casino slots, and Lex is constantly collaborating with the finest providers to give all slots players fascinating experiences while enjoying games on a daily basis. To name a few, the list of providers featured on the site includes BGaming, Pragmatic Play, and Microgaming. Slot games are designed to showcase an intuitive user interface without compromising on the complexities that make the games interestingly unpredictable. These games span across several genres, such as Egypt, Books, Wild West and Fruits, to mention a few of them. Many slots can boast such rewarding special features as Bonus Buy, Mega Spins, and Gamble Round. Players can also find highly paying jackpot slots with progressive prize pools on the site. Online Live Casino Some players enjoy playing in a person-vs-person mode, and Lex hopes to recreate that exclusive feeling for them. The site allows its users to experience live excitement like a Las Vegas casino house. Players can directly interact with dealers and enjoy games via in-the-moment streaming without stepping an inch away from the couch. These live games come in different genres, such as Lex Casino roulette and card games. Becoming a winner in these games is also very rewarding. Crash Gambling Games Lex is abreast of the latest craze for Crash gambling and has a dedicated section with instant games designed to give players winnings in no time. Crash games are known for their simple gameplay, multipliers that aggregates over time and a feature for players to cash out and claim their winnings anytime. Crash games are not usual slot machines. Instead, they are designed to make the unpredictability of multiplier outcomes much more entertaining. Other Casino Games In addition to a variety of slots, live casino and table games available at Lex Casino online, users can play other exciting casino games. They can also enjoy placing bets on sports events that have become an integral part of entertainment for many people around the globe. On the site’s sportsbook, players can find popular sports games to bet on such as football, hockey, basketball and cricket, among others. Some of the games can be played with a free bonus, which can be activated with Lex Casino bonus codes or a special promo code. Lex Casino Bonuses Lex offers mouth-watering bonuses at different levels. Lex Casino no deposit bonus, which can be redeemed with a promo code, hits the user’s balance with bonus spins and free credits. To claim extra spins, players at the casino can make use of match bonuses with their deposits and designated bonus codes. Deposit Bonuses First Deposit Bonus Second Deposit Bonus Third Deposit Bonus 150% match bonus Maximum bonus amount: 30 000 ₽. up to 400 free spins 75% match bonus Maximum bonus amount: 30 000 ₽. Below, is the full breakdown of bonuses that can be redeemed with the first three deposits: After completing Lex casino registration, the first deposit triggers a welcome bonus. By making the next subsequent deposit, users can receive 400 Lex Casino Free Spins, which will be wagered at 35X with unlimited maximum winnings. All free spins will have a spin value of 15 ₽. A deposit of at least 1 000 ₽ will reward the user with 25 FS. A deposit of at least 2 000 ₽ will reward the user with 50 FS. A deposit of at least 3 000 ₽ will reward the user with 100 FS. A deposit of at least 6 000 ₽ will reward the user with 200 FS. A deposit of at least 12 000 ₽ will reward the user with 400 FS. The next bonus, which amount is set at 75%, is awarded to the players when they initiate their third deposit on the platform. Regular Bonuses There are many reload bonus offers Lexcasino players wouldn’t want to miss. They range from bonus percentages to free spins and are only available once a week. Every week, only one bonus can be activated. Reload bonus This bonus is an opportunity for existing players to make more winnings and it has its advantages. Players will receive a 50% bonus with a maximum bonus amount pegged at 20 000 ₽. It is wagered with 40X, and the maximum winnings are unlimited. The bonus amount a player receives depends on the amount of deposit made. The details are below: A minimum deposit of 2 000 ₽ attracts a 20% reload bonus. A minimum deposit of 3 000 ₽ attracts a 30% reload bonus. A minimum deposit of 5 000 ₽ attracts a 40% reload bonus. A minimum deposit of 7 500 ₽ attracts a 50% reload bonus. To qualify for the reload bonus, total deposit for the past week must equal or exceed the minimum deposit requirement times 2. More details on a reload bonus can be found on the site. Reload Free Spins With the reload free spins, existing players are rewarded for their past deposits with best free spins deals with real money spin value. Players can receive 135 FS, which are wagered with 40X and have unlimited maximum winnings. Like a reload bonus, the number of FS awarded depends on the deposit made. Here is how to get free spins: A Deposit of at least 2 000 ₽ rewards the user with 25 FS. A Deposit of at least 5 000 ₽ rewards the user with 65 FS. A Deposit of at least 7 000 ₽ rewards the user with 100 FS. A Deposit of at least 10 000 ₽ rewards the user with 135 FS. To receive this bonus, the number of player’s deposits for the past week should equal or exceed the minimum deposit requirement by 2. More details on reload free spins can be found on the site. Cashback Bonus Several things add to the beauty of the game: The themes, storylines, wins, and even the losses, but to keep the excitement levels of players on an unending spree, Casino Lex doesn’t abandon players who hit a losing streak. This is where the cashback bonus comes in. This bonus is an incentive for players in the past week. Once every Tuesday, players will receive a percentage of their net losses. The cashback bonus also relies on the turnover made in the past week. The wagering requirements for this bonus can vary due to certain criteria: A turnover of 5 000 ₽ attracts a cashback of 4%. A turnover of 10 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 5%. A turnover of 25 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 6%. A turnover of 50 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 7%. A turnover of 100 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 8%. A turnover of 200 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 9%. A turnover of 500 001 ₽ attracts a cashback of 10%. Sports Betting Bonus There are also mouth-watering offers and bonuses for Lex casino players who enjoy the sportsbook section. Welcome bonus This bonus brings a bonus amount of 150%, which doesn’t exceed the maximum bonus amount of 10 000 ₽. The bonus is wagered at 10X, and the maximum winnings are 1X the win amount. To wager this bonus, players must place accumulator bets of 3+ events with real cash. The events must come with or exceed 1,5 odds. Second Deposit Bonus This bonus offers bookmarkers a 100% bonus, which is wagered at 10X. The maximum bonus amount is 5 000 ₽, and the maximum winnings are set at 1X the bonus amount. To wager this bonus, players must place accumulator bets with real money in 3+ events. These games must have a minimum odd of 1,5. Third Deposit Bonus The third sports betting bonus awards a 50% bonus with a maximum amount of 5 000 ₽ which is wagered with 10X. The maximum winnings are 1X the bonus amount, and the wagering requirement is met when players play by placing accumulator bets of 3+ events with real money. Each of the events is expected to have minimum odds of 1,5. Reload Bonus The reload free bet offer is available to players who, in the past week, have played games which amounted to or exceeded a turnover of 3 000 ₽. The bonus is awarded to players depending on their deposit amount. A bonus amount of 500 ₽ is awarded for a 1 500 ₽ deposit. For a 3 000 ₽ deposit, a 1 000 ₽ bonus is awarded. For a 5 000 ₽ deposit, a 1 500 ₽ bonus is awarded. Accumulator Bonus This feature under the reload bonus is triggered if the accumulator bets meet certain criteria. In this bonus, the sum of the odds of bets in the accumulator is multiplied. Accumulator Cashback In this bonus, players receive a part of their weekly losses if their accumulator bets meet stipulated requirements. Edit Bet Feature This feature ensures players can add new bets to their game or edit already selected accumulator bets. Cash Out With the cash out feature, players can settle a bet and accept a payout lesser than the full potential winnings before the competition ends. Lex Promo One of the fascinating details about the project is Lex Casino promotions. In addition to a wide range of lotteries and tournaments where players can spin the wheel of fortune, there is also a rewarding loyalty programme for faithful players. This programme employs a point system. A status point is awarded for every deposit of 1 000 ₽. As the status point grows, it elevates the player to enjoy better gaming features on the platform. There are 4 status tiers: BASIC. STANDARD. HERO. LEGEND. A higher status unlocks exclusive perks and bonuses, as well as those that come with no wagering requirements. Status points cannot be exchanged for other privileges and it is impossible for players to transfer their existing statuses from other casinos to Lex. Mobile Online Casino Lex Casino mobile offers players a way to enjoy mobile casino and online gambling on the go. The site is designed with an interface that works seamlessly on mobile devices, just as it would on desktops. The application is available for both Android and iPhone users. For Android Users: For iOS Users: Visit the Lex Casino website. Scan the QR code or click the download link . Download the APK file. Complete the installation and launch the application. Visit the Lex Casino website. Click on the link provided on the website. The link will redirect you to the appropriate application in the App Store. Customer Support There’s a round-the-clock customer support system for players. The setup is designed to be swiftly responsive with contact via three main routes: Email. Chat. Hotline. Online Casino Payment Methods Payments on this platform are designed to be swift and seamless. The Lex project has incorporated some payment channels to make deposits and withdrawals seamless for players. These payment channels, however, rely on their availability in player’s jurisdiction or on existing regional policies concerning their use. Betters can find popular channels like bank cards, e-wallets and cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum, among others. Even from the player’s first deposit, they can use BTC or other crypto coins to top up. These transaction channels can also be used to withdraw money from the platform. Player Jurisdiction Accepted fiat payment currencies Everyone outside Ukraine, Russia, and Kazakstan USD Lex Casino: Safety and Security Lex holds this aspect of operations in high esteem due to its sensitivity. During registration, players must submit identity and financial transaction details. With the use of SSL encryption in protecting the transfer of data from players to the servers of the casino, players can be sure of security. Also, Lex Casino’s withdrawal process is safely guided due to authentication mechanisms in place. The Lex platform is regulated by the vigilance of the Curacao Gambling Authority, which is known to be one of the strictest regulatory bodies in the industry. Galaktika N.V. owns the platform, making the Lex project a gaming club that is truly legit. Lex Casino in Italiano | Lex Casino en Français | Lex Casino auf Deutsch | Lex Casino en Español | Lex Casino em Português