Lexer | The Leading Customer Data and Experience Platform for Retailers Why Lexer our approach Single Customer View Combine and enrich your data Insights + Strategy Make better, data-driven decisions Omnichannel Engagement Orchestrate relevant experiences Continuous Integration Boost agility and performance APIs + Configuration Connect channels with flexible APIs measurable impact Business Transformation Innovate and adapt your business Revenue Growth Attract and retain high-value customers Cost Reduction Save time, budget, and effort Customer Experience Create long-term customer loyalty about us Our Story Follow Lexer's journey Life at Lexer Our values and principles Leadership The people behind the product Investors Learn about our investors Partners Join our network of partners Our Clients Customer-obsessed brands The latest Blog, playbook-&-how-tos Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market Contact Us We're hiring Solutions CDP Quickly and easily connect all of your customer data into clean, enriched customer profiles. Single Customer View Standardized Data 360 Customer Profiles Predictive Analytics Experian Enrichment Omnichannel Integration Security Marketing Identify your high-value segments and orchestrate personalized campaigns across all channels. Single Customer View Data Enrichment Insights + Analytics Audience Segmentation Advanced Targeting Measurement + Reporting CLIENTELING Guide sales associates to provide personalized service to delight your customers and drive sales. Customer Profile Retrieval Visit Tracking + Reporting Data Collection Post-Visit Retargeting IT-Friendly Deployment Service Transform service from cost-center to profit-center with tools for faster and more personalized service. Detailed Customer Profiles Centralized Inbox Intuitive Interface Recommended Actions Authentication Workflow NPS + CSat Surveys Analytics + Reporting Contact Us We're hiring Services Services Master your data with onboarding, implementation, and strategic guidance from our support team. Implementation Onboarding + Training Insights + Analytics Strategy Optimization The latest Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market The 25% rule: How Lexer helps retailers find their best customers Tell your growth story with Track Dashboards Contact Us We're hiring Resources Blog Trends, strategies, and news Client Stories Proven retail results Integrations Plug and play connections Guides Best practice playbooks What's New Our latest innovation Learn Get to most out of Lexer API Documentation Configure to meet your needs Media Centre Press coverage and articles The latest Blog, playbook-&-how-tos Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market Contact Us We're hiring Client stories Get started Login Contact us We're hiring THE CUSTOMER DATA & EXPERIENCE PLATFORM FOR RETAIL Turn customer clarity into profitable growth Connect online, in-store and everything between. Our AI turns data into intelligence and customers into advocates. Get started Trusted by marketing, ecommerce, retail, service, and hospitality teams. See your customers in Lexer – free Connect your accounts and we’ll handle the rest: unification, enrichment, segmentation, and tailored insights that show where revenue is waiting. Get started Learn more One platform for clarity and growth Lexer Customer Data & Experience Platform Customer clarity Bring every customer interaction together into one trusted, AI-ready view. Alembika finds a new persona worth +11% revenue. Unify ecommerce, stores, loyalty, email, SMS into one view. Resolve identities, de-dupe, clean, standardize, enrich — AI-ready data. Understand LTV, churn risk, affinities, purchase patterns. Deliver AI insights, predictions, recommendations, decisioning. Profitable growth Grow revenue by focusing effort where it matters most — the right customer, right moment. THE UPSIDE transforms CX with 75% CR, +13% AOV. Boost retention, repeat purchase, win-back, lifecycle flows. Sync unified profiles and segments to every paid and owned channel. Run more relevant, efficient, profitable campaigns — right offer, right time. Grow VIP loyalty and lifetime value. KNOW KEEP GROW SAVE TURN DATA INTO INTELLIGENCE Know your customers > One view across online, store, loyalty, email, SMS > Track people not pixels > RFM, lifecycle, demographic, behavior segments > KPIs on each profile and segment > Instant insights, no analyst needed Start for free reduce one-time buyers Keep your customers > Improve second order conversion > Shorten time between orders > Predict churn before it happens > Boost re-activation and win-back > Raise repurchase for key categories Start for free advocates buy more often Grow lifetime value > Focus efforts on high-value segments > Find the products that create loyalty > Build lookalikes of best customers > Know how discounts impact LTV > Nurture potential VIPs Start for free CUT COSTS & REDUCE WASTE Save and optimize > Reduce reliance on analysts > Measure promotional ROI > Reduce paid media waste > Move excess stock > Prioritize high-margin Start for free Supercharge your stack Connect Lexer customer intelligence with the platforms you already use. Explore all platforms Shopify​ ⚡️ Identify the products and customers that drive growth. Klaviyo ⚡️ Power campaigns with unified customer insight. Attentive ⚡️ Send smarter SMS informed by RFM and full history. Dotdigital ⚡️ Deliver intelligent, omnichannel personalization at scale. TikTok ⚡️ De-dupe TikTok Shop customers to see true acquisition ROI. Yotpo ⚡️ Reward your most valuable customers to grow loyalty. Braze ⚡️ Trigger journeys from more customer signals. NewStore ⚡️ Connect in-store and online for a true omnichannel experience. Paid media ⚡️ Suppress customers from acqusition & re-target lapsed VIPs. We help you get results Now’s the time to become a truly customer-centric, data-driven business. Lexer’s professional services act as an extension of your team, filling gaps in strategy, analytics, insights, and IT, so your team can get there today. An extension of your team Implementation Onboarding Insights Strategy Optimization Proven retail growth "Lexer has been extremely helpful in identifying different high value customer segments that we can push into Klaviyo to create customized content and offers for." Tina Lee Senior CRM and Lifecycle Manager at Bullymake "The connection and input of data were vast. Lexer is relatively easy to onboard and connect—you don’t need to be a massive tech head to use it." Sam Hopgood Digital Marketing Manager at Rip Curl "With Lexer’s Serve product, we’ve been able to provide a tool to better enable our staff, and ultimately allow them to deliver excellent service through additional insights." Paul Burdekin CEO at THE UPSIDE "Because of Lexer we were able to easily identify we had a low retention rate and could put resources behind improving that and track the success of our efforts." Marc Feller VP Digital & Ecom at Compana Pet Brands "The Lexer team really takes the time to understand our business, goals, and challenges, and works with us with that in mind - it's not a one size fits all approach, which we really appreciate." Rafaelle Champagne eCommerce & Performance Marketing Manager at Blue Bungalow "Lexer as a CDP has enabled the unification and humanisation of our customer data from many disparate sources." Ben Murphy Digital Marketing Manager at Village Entertainment "I love utilizing Lexer to analyze our business because it makes it easy to identify the drop off between our one and two-time purchasers. We were able to target one-time buyers more strategically." Caroline De Vecchio Senior Director at Dinovite "Lexer's ability to collect and aggregate key data is remarkable. But what is more remarkable is how it can integrate with other systems to then make that data immediately useful." Wes Lawson Consumer and Community Engagement Manager "Lexer has allowed us to stay one step ahead of our customers, understanding what they are most likely to purchase next and allowing us to implement successful cross-product promotions to drive higher AOV." Holly Walker Marketing Director at Doggie Dailies "Lexer quickly passed the integration test with our tech stack of Klaviyo, Attentive, and Shopify - and we were soon on our way to insights." Alin Wagner Head of Marketing & Ecommerce at Alembika "The CDP rollout was 13 weeks from zero to go live. In a few weeks, Lexer provided TGV with a unified customer view across all platforms." Mohit Bhargava Chief Marketing Officer at TGV Cinemas "Being able to deduce customer habits and understand what's motivating them has been key for us." Simon Burnett General Manager, Marketing ANZ at Harris Scarfe "The CDP is solving multiple things for me at the same time. I'm going to know where my customers live, how they transact, what their interests are in my collection." Jeremy Hale President of Mountain Khakis "The platform is very insightful to explore data about our customers, and the follow up with the Lexer team each week makes it easy to clearly highlight key priorities and recommendations." Catherine Phuong CRM Associate Manager at Pierre Fabre "The Lexer team is incredibly engaged. Whether supporting us on a daily basis, partaking in strategic planning or coming up with original campaign ideas. Simply a pleasure to work with." Jan-Willem Driessen Former VP of Global Marketing & DTC at Black Diamond Explore Playbooks, case studies, and practical advice to help you grow customer loyalty and drive profitable growth. Read the latest Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market The 25% rule: How Lexer helps retailers find their best customers Tell your growth story with Track Dashboards Turn insight into impact See how Lexer transforms customer data into intelligence that powers growth, loyalty, and measurable performance. Get started Why Lexer our approach Single Customer View Combine and enrich your data Insights + Strategy Make better, data-driven decisions Omnichannel Engagement Orchestrate relevant experiences Continuous Integration Boost agility and performance APIs + Configuration Connect channels with flexible APIs measurable impact Business Transformation Innovate and adapt your business Revenue Growth Attract and retain high-value customers Cost Reduction Save time, budget, and effort Customer Experience Create long-term customer loyalty about us Our Story Follow Lexer's journey Life at Lexer Our values and principles Leadership The people behind the product Investors Learn about our investors Partners Join our network of partners Our Clients Customer-obsessed brands The latest Blog, playbook-&-how-tos Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market Contact Us We're hiring Solutions CDP Quickly and easily connect all of your customer data into clean, enriched customer profiles. Single Customer View Standardized Data 360 Customer Profiles Predictive Analytics Experian Enrichment Omnichannel Integration Security Marketing Identify your high-value segments and orchestrate personalized campaigns across all channels. Single Customer View Data Enrichment Insights + Analytics Audience Segmentation Advanced Targeting Measurement + Reporting CLIENTELING Guide sales associates to provide personalized service to delight your customers and drive sales. Customer Profile Retrieval Visit Tracking + Reporting Data Collection Post-Visit Retargeting IT-Friendly Deployment Service Transform service from cost-center to profit-center with tools for faster and more personalized service. Detailed Customer Profiles Centralized Inbox Intuitive Interface Recommended Actions Authentication Workflow NPS + CSat Surveys Analytics + Reporting Contact Us We're hiring Services Services Master your data with onboarding, implementation, and strategic guidance from our support team. Implementation Onboarding + Training Insights + Analytics Strategy Optimization The latest Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market The 25% rule: How Lexer helps retailers find their best customers Tell your growth story with Track Dashboards Contact Us We're hiring Resources Blog Trends, strategies, and news Client Stories Proven retail results Integrations Plug and play connections Guides Best practice playbooks What's New Our latest innovation Learn Get to most out of Lexer API Documentation Configure to meet your needs Media Centre Press coverage and articles The latest Blog, playbook-&-how-tos Shanghai Signals: Lessons From Retail’s Fastest Market Contact Us We're hiring Client stories Get started Login Contact us We're hiring We’re constantly on the lookout for amazing people. Come help our customers achieve greatness. Work at Lexer Why Lexer Our story Life at Lexer Leadership Investors Partners Our Clients Contact us Careers Solutions Customer Data Platform Marketing Clienteling Service Security Services Overview Implementation Onboarding + Training Insights + Analytics Strategy Optimization Resources Blog Client Stories What's New Learn API Docs Media Centre Guides Copyright © Year Lexer Privacy Legal Security Centre Close Cookie Preference Manager Cookie Settings By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts. More info Strictly Necessary (Always Active) Cookies required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Cookies used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. Personalization Cookies allowing the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in). Analytics Cookies helping understand how this website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. Accept All Cookies Save Settings Made by Flinch 77 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Close Cookie Popup Cookie Settings By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts. More info Accept All Cookies Cookie Settings