Home
Printers
 
Supplies & Parts
 
Industries
 
Solutions
 
Services
 
Technical Support
Sign in
Cart
Shop
Search

ANNOUNCEMENT

Lexmark is now part of Xerox

Together, we make work, work.

Learn more
Visit Xerox.com
opens in a new tab
Lexmark delivers higher performance at lower cost

Whether your business fills a room or circles the globe, Lexmark offers the imaging solutions, technologies and services you need to succeed

Lexmark Printers

Whether your business fills a room or circles the globe, Lexmark offers the imaging solutions, technologies and services you need to succeed. 

Find printers
Find small and medium business printers
Supplies and parts

Genuine Lexmark Supplies deliver superior image quality, while also producing higher volumes and reducing cost per page.

Find supplies
Go to supplies
IoT

Transform your enterprise with connected devices. Reduce costs, increase revenue and improve customer service with Lexmark IoT Solutions. 

Discover how
Lexmark is an innovative global imaging solutions leader.
AI-powered workflows for smarter, more efficient printing

Reliable, easy-to-maintain, and fast-to-service 9-Series printers and MFPs, all manageable via Lexmark Cloud Services.

Learn more
Lexmark Cloud Solution Center

Capture, process and route documents with a single, easy-to-use portal.

Learn more
Shopping made simple

Enjoy free shipping and easy returns. Buy your printers and all-in-ones right here.

Visit the Lexmark shop
Sustainability & circular economy

Lexmark provides sustainable solutions across the entire product lifecycle – from sustainable design to efficient use to responsible recycling.

Go to page

Lexmark

About
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
opens in a new tab
Sustainability
Lexmark Partners

Contact us

Communication preferences
Technical support
opens in a new tab
Product registration
Find a dealer
Order help

Knowledge Center

Newsroom
Success Stories
Analyst Insights
Lexmark Blog

Articles
   

Lexmark International, Inc., a subsidiary of Xerox Corporation
©2025 All rights reserved.

LegalPrivacyTerms and ConditionsTerms of UseRecallsSecurity

 

This site uses cookies for various purposes including enhancing your experience, analytics, and ads. By continuing to browse this site or by clicking "Accept and close", you agree to our use of cookiesFor more information, read our Cookies page.
Accept and close