×
Pricing
Product 
Solutions 
Resources 
Company 
Login
Free trial
Pricing
Product 
Solutions 
Resources 
Company 
Login
Free trial
Request demo
Turn pageviews into pipeline

Identify the companies already visiting your website and convert them into high-value leads.

 

By continuing with the sign up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.

 14-day free trial  No credit card needed
Trusted by:
      
Pricing that matches your business needs
Free


€
0
no time limit on free plan
Get started
Get started with Free:
 Unlimited users
 Data from last 7 days only
 Max 100 identified companies
Paid

starting at

€
99
per month, paid annually
Start your free trial
For sales & marketing teams:
 Based on companies identified
 Unlimited visits data storage
 Unlimited users
Here’s how we uncover your hidden leads

See how Leadfeeder identifies companies visiting my site

01 – Identify
 
02 – Qualify
 
03 – Connect
 
04 – Send leads
Identify Website Visitors

Leadfeeder identifies the names of the companies visiting your website.

Turn anonymous traffic into real company names
Reveal the exact behavior of the companies visiting your website
Identify companies with Leadfeeder, even if their employees work remotely
Over 80,000 salespeople, marketers, and agencies use Leadfeeder to get better results

Explore how you can benefit from Leadfeeder

Sales
 
Marketers & Agencies
Find ready-to-buy sales leads

The people who visit your website are much more likely to buy than someone who has never heard of you. Don’t let those ready-to-buy leads escape.

Beat competitors to the sale

Studies* show that contacting leads quickly makes it much more likely you will close the deal. Contact your leads before your competitors are even aware of them.

Build better sales pitches

See what content prospects are interested in and use that information in your pitches. Anticipate their needs before you ever speak to them.

* Source: Harvard Business Review, “The Short Life of Online Sales Leads”

Start using Leadfeeder
Integrate with the tools you already use

Don’t see your favorite tool listed? Use Zapier to automatically send Leadfeeder’ data to over 5,000 apps, including CRMs, spreadsheets, BI tools, and more.

See more integrations

Pipedrive

Create new deals directly from Leadfeeder

Hubspot

Populate your CRM with buyer intent data.

Salesforce

Connect your leads to your Salesforce accounts.

Slack

Get notified when a targeted company visits your website.

Google Ads

Identify the exact keywords engaging your target accounts.

Microsoft Dynamics

See which companies visiting your website are already in your CRM.

Our users love the quality of our leads

9 out of 10 customers agree that the quality of Leadfeeder's data is superior to other providers

Filtered for quality leads

Your lead list is automatically scrubbed of bots, ISPs and other valueless traffic.

Remove unwanted companies

Easily filter and hide companies yourself so you only see (and pay for) quality leads.

A track record of quality

Our data quality team has been improving how we identify leads since 2012.

FAQs

If you have any further questions you can chat to our team by using the chat icon in the bottom right of the screen. They typically reply within minutes.

How is Leadfeeder data kept accurate and up to date?

Leadfeeder automatically removes bots, ISPs, and other low-quality traffic sources, so you only get a list of high-quality identified companies. Unlike other tools, you also have the option to remove unwanted companies yourself.
Our unique machine learning algorithm creates a fresh and accurate version of the IP-to-company database every day. It uses our proprietary data and combines it with millions of external signals and public IP registration databases. Every month around 20% of the database changes, so updating it on a daily basis is important.

How does Leadfeeder compare to other options?

Because our tool has been around for 10+ years and has been used by over 80,000 users it has a mature feature set built on top of a user-friendly interface. We offer all the functionality of more expensive tools at a fraction of the price.

I already have a marketing automation tool-why do I need Leadfeeder?

Most marketing automation tools capture only 2% of your website visits as the users need to fill out forms, so that you get any data about them. Leadfeeder helps you identify the companies that the marketing automation tools miss.

Is Leadfeeder GDPR compliant?

Leadfeeder is a fully GDPR-compliant solution. It collects behavioral data of the companies visiting your website, including the pages viewed, where they came from, and how long they spent on your site. IP addresses are collected to determine the company and its geographic location. By default Leadfeeder only shows company visits, not individuals. Leadfeeder only tracks individuals when you opt in and when the individuals identify themselves on your website (via form submissions or email integrations). Leadfeeder also enriches company visit data with publicly available business contact data.

Can Leadfeeder identify companies whose employees work remotely?

Yes, unlike some of our competitors, Leadfeeder can identify the companies even if their employees work remotely. When people work remotely, they usually use dynamic IP addresses that change ownership frequently, making them more difficult to track. Our IP database receives a constant stream of updates from multiple data sources to stay up to date when ownership of IP addresses changes. This allows us to identify companies, even if their employees work from home.

What happens at the end of my free trial of Premium?

At the end of your trial your Leadfeeder will be automatically downgraded to the free version of Leadfeeder, called Leadfeeder Lite, and you won’t be charged anything. But if you have purchased a Premium subscription during your trial period you will automatically continue with Premium at the end of your free 14-day trial.

Is there a free version of Leadfeeder?

Yes. There is a basic version of Leadfeeder with limited functionality available for free called Leadfeeder Lite. Leadfeeder Lite shows the last 7 days worth of leads only, doesn’t show what companies do on your website and doesn’t include integrations and many other advanced features. Users who do not purchase a paid plan will be automatically downgraded to Leadfeeder Lite when their trial ends.

Generate quality leads from website traffic

Start now!
 Free 14-day trial
 No credit card needed
 Instantly see your leads
Identify.
Qualify.
Connect.
    
Product
Product Tour
Integrations
Pricing
Lead Generation
Website Visitor Tracking
Account Based Marketing
Sales Prospecting Software
Website Visitor API
Connectors API
Resources
Blog
Webinars
Guides
Academy
Company
About
Our Data
Contact Us
Customers
Help Center
Jobs We're Hiring
Brand Assets
Request a Feature
Other
Partners
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
GDPR
Sitemap
Cookie settings
Compare
Lead Forensics
Albacross
VisitorQueue
HubSpot
ZoomInfo