Skip to banner section
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
INDIVIDUALS
EMPLOYERS
PROFESSIONALS
CAREERS
REGISTER
LOG IN
Products
Planning
Service and support
Inbox, not mailbox

Your finances deserve better than a mailbox. Get your 1099 securely online.

Prepare for tax season
Register
Find a financial professional
Find a form
Find a dentist
File a claim
Customer service
Access private market strategies to help you enhance portfolio resilience through market cycles
Private Market Funds
Prepare for tomorrow, live confidently today
Discover Lincoln Life solutions
Make your pastimes last a lifetime

You have no plans to slow down in retirement. That’s why we want to make sure your financial future can keep up.

Take action today
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Lincoln Financial Reports 2025 Third Quarter Results 
Lincoln Financial and Partners Group launch new royalty evergreen fund in U.S. market 
With competing financial priorities and stressors, a majority of full-time employees need more financial support, a new study from Lincoln Financial reveals 
About Lincoln Financial

A trusted name, working for your financial future. See how our past lets us deliver for your future.

Tools and calculators

Our resources are here to help you make confident decisions that fit your needs.

Privacy

We are committed to keeping personal information confidential and secure, and in compliance with state and federal laws.

My account
Log in
Register
Company overview
About us
Careers
Corporate governance
Corporate responsibility
Inclusion and belonging
Lincoln Financial Foundation
Investor relations
Newsroom
Support
Customer service
File a claim
Find a dentist
Find a financial professional
Find a form
Find a vision care provider
Report fraud
Solutions for
Dental providers
Employers
Professionals
Questions?
1-877-275-5462
LCN-8647903-120325
AccessibilityCybersecurityGlossaryLegalPrivacy

© 2025 Lincoln National Corporation. All rights reserved.

Lincoln Financial is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and insurance company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and in New York, Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York, Syracuse, NY. Variable products distributed by broker-dealer/affiliate Lincoln Financial Distributors, Inc., Radnor, PA. Securities and investment advisory services may be offered through non-affiliated entities.

Lincoln products are not a deposit nor FDIC-insured, may go down in value, and are not insured by any federal government agency or guaranteed by any bank or savings association. All guarantees and benefits of the insurance policy are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company. They are not backed by the broker-dealer and/or insurance agency selling the policy, or any affiliates of those entities other than the issuing company affiliates, and none makes any representation or guarantees regarding the claims-paying ability of the issuer.

Lincoln MoneyGuard® solutions are universal and variable universal life insurance policies with a long-term care rider. The policies and riders have exclusions, limitations, and/or reductions. Please contact your Lincoln representative or the insurance company for costs and complete details.

Life insurance policies: It is possible coverage will expire when either no premiums are paid following the initial premium, or subsequent premiums are insufficient to continue coverage.

“Lincoln Financial Group,” “Lincoln Financial,” “Your tomorrow. Our priority,” “Plan Protect Retire,” “This is financial security,” and the Lincoln Financial Logo and Artisan Mark are service marks of the Lincoln National Corporation.