Home page | libcom.org Skip to main content libcom.org Menu Main navigation Recent Donate Collections Introductions Organise About User account menu Log in / Register libcom.org is a resource for everyone fighting to improve their lives, communities and working conditions. Latest Kittens journal Online archive of Kittens, the English-language journal of Critisticuffs and Gruppen Gegen Kapital und Nation. God's Unruly Friends Dervish Groups In The Islamic Later Middle Period 1200–1550 Fuck Off! pilot issue (1982) "A fanatical magazine for Wales" produced by Ian Bone in 1982. Contents include: repression of Welsh nationalists, against the right to work, CND… The Relationship of Bolshevism to Marxism - Maximilien Rubel Maximilien Rubel tracks the relationship of Marxism and Bolshevism from Marx's own writings relating… The Ukrainian Revolution (July - December 1918) The third volume of Nestor Makhno's memoirs, first published in 1937; this is the first appearance of the work in English, published by Black Cat… We Shall Be All: A History of the Industrial Workers of the World - Melvyn Dubofsky A history of the early IWW by the labor historian Melvyn Dubofsky. The Situation Inside Sudan (Anarchist Group in Sudan, 3d of November, 2025) An appeal for support, produced by Sudanese Anarchists in the aftermath of the capture of the city… Featured Tags Palestine Ukraine libcom.org is run entirely by volunteers and provides our archive completely free of charge. We are always looking for people to help out with archiving and editing content, or you can donate to our hosting costs . Organise Prison organising Introductions libcom introductory guide Classic Texts Revolutionary syndicalist internationalism, 1913-1923: the origins of the International Working Men’s Association - Wayne Thorpe A highly detailed 1979 PhD thesis about the origins of the anarcho-syndicalist… Murray Bookchin's libertarian technics The first in a series of critical introductions to thinkers and concepts that inform discussion of the climate crisis, looking at Murray Bookchin… Contemporary agriculture: climate, capital, and cyborg ecology Climate change will put pressure on world food production. We must disentangle the potential… The Hungarian Revolution: 1956 This is an anonymous account of the events of the near revolution of 1956, containing interesting information from interviews with participants. Anatomy of an industrial struggle: Chrysler factory at Tonsley Park in Adelaide 1976-1978 An account of two years of struggle at an Australian Chrysler plant by one of the… La revolution du printemps au Myanmar: une revolution oubliee en cours Brochure publiée par la CNT-AIT (France) sur la révolution en Myanmar. Archives Root & Branch: a libertarian socialist journal Irish Anarchist Review Recent Discussions IWW GHQ Staff Union in Chicago files Unfair Labor Practice - 16 comments USSR was fascist under Stalinism: Red Fascism is not a slur - 30 comments Is the labor movement a socialist/anarchist movement? - 3 comments The untold experiment of National Syndicalism: When Fascism was the Decay of Socialism - 2 comments more On This Day Tags car industry housework civil rights movement comics Authors Chuang Maurice Brinton Kommunistische Arbeiter-Partei Deutschlands (KAPD) Anton Pannekoek Footer menu Donate Help out Other languages Site notes