A Call to Liberty - Liberty Fund Skip to content A Call to Liberty - Liberty Fund Newsletter Submissions Contact Liberty Fund Network About Contact Us For Educators Liberty Fund Sites Econlib OLL AdamSmithWorks Law & Liberty My Account A Call to Liberty About About Liberty Fund History Our People Liberty Fund Library Goodrich Seminar Room Testimonials Careers Books Browse Books American Founding American History Economics Education History Law Natural Law and Enlightenment Classics Political Thought Promotions Events Conferences Conference Topics Calendar of Events The George F. Will Award Podcasts Econtalk Future of Liberty Law and Liberty The Great Antidote Help Customer Support Full Catalog Subject Catalogs Permission to Reprint Request Library Access Newsletter Submissions Contact Liberty Fund Network About Contact Us For Educators Liberty Fund Sites Econlib OLL AdamSmithWorks Law & Liberty My Account We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok December 2025 Political Economy America the Market An essay by Nathanael Snow Both the Declaration and Adam Smith’s Wealth of Nations were published in 1776. Do these works share similar preoccupations and concerns? Read More Letter from the Editors From shopkeepers, tradesmen, and attornies, they are become statesmen and legislators, and are employed in contriving a new form of government for an extensive empire, which, they flatter themselves, will become, and which, indeed, seems very likely to become, one of the greatest and most formidable that ever was in the world. Adam Smith, Wealth of Nations Adam Smith was developing his great book The Wealth of Nations at the same moment that the Americans were developing their own new nation. As our lead essayist observes, Smith’s foundational work in economics did not directly influence the Declaration, but both were born from the same ideas, in the same atmosphere, at the same time. Smith’s work on the detrimental effects of colonialism, mercantilism, tariffs, and unjust taxation had been developing and spreading to the American Colonies for at least a decade before the American Revolution began. That the Declaration and Wealth of Nations were published in the same year is a happy accident of history, but a fitting one. This Month's Further Reading and Listening This month we offer essays and a video from Liberty Fund’s publications that round out your understanding of taxation in the American Revolution and Adam Smith’s own revolution in how we see markets and the state. We pair Smith’s famous section on colonies in the Wealth of Nations with irreverent commentary from our #WealthofTweets project, and have chosen a selection of other content on the contentious (but inescapable) relationship citizens have with the taxman. Book extract Adam Smith on Colonies Book The Revolutionary Writings of Alexander Hamilton Video Gordon Wood on Taxing Tea Article #WealthofTweets on Adam Smith on Colonies Document Collection The Pamphlet Debate on the American Questiobn Article Adam Smith, State Formation, and the American Revolution Countdown to the Declaration New material every month as we explore the Declaration's past, present, and future. 7 months to go View Countdown Archive 23 Education Unread Citizenship, Seminars, and the Declaration of Independence What kind of education is necessary for a citizenry that takes the Declaration seriously? Published August 2024 22 Law & Constitutionalism Unread The Declaration of Independence and the American Theory of Government Does the Declaration offer us any permanent guidance in thinking constitutionally? Published September 2024 21 Equality Unread Anything But Compromising Writing a Declaration that could secure support required compromises and negotiations: How did these compromises chart the course of, or delay the recognition of equality for coming generations? Published October 2024 20 Political Institutions Unread Republican Government after the Digital Revolution Does technology fundamentally alter the basis for representative government? Does it give us cause to reconsider the principles of the Declaration? Published November 2024 19 Philosophy & Theology Unread Against Authority How important are religious and Enlightenment ideas to the concepts in the Declaration? Are these influences necessarily in conflict? Published December 2024 18 Political Economy Unread Economic Wisdom for Tumultuous Times Why do we find ourselves refighting the same debates between open markets and mercantilism that preoccupied the 18th century? Published January 2025 July 2026 250th Anniversary Find the full list of months, including archived and upcoming themes, on our Countdown page. We are a private educational foundation that encourages thought and discussion of enduring issues about liberty. Liberty Fund offers a rich set of educational programs. These include Socratic-style conferences , thought-provoking books , and engaging online resources focused on the understanding and appreciation of the complex nature of a free and responsible society. Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564 USA +1 800 866-3520 info@libertyfund.org Books American History American Founding Economics Education History Law Political Thought Full Catalog Subject Catalogs About History Our People Goodrich Seminar Room Liberty Fund Library Testimonials Customer Service Permission to Reprint Privacy Policy Online Resources Online Library of Liberty Econlib Law & Liberty AdamSmithWorks Educators Conferences Contact Us My Account Sign up for our newsletter Stay connected with Liberty Fund’s quarterly newsletter featuring the latest news, book releases, and original content. CAPTCHA Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. © 2025 Liberty Fund, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the Liberty Fund Network. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok