libtorrent Getting started download building tutorial overview examples features Documentation reference blog upgrade to 2.0 upgrade to 1.2 contributing troubleshooting tuning fuzzing security audit (2020) projects using libtorrent Contact mailing list ( archive ) report bugs github page Extensions uTP extensions protocol libtorrent plugins streaming DHT extensions DHT security extension DHT store extension UDP tracker protocol HTTP seed multi-tracker Bindings python Java golang node Introduction, slides introduction libtorrent is a feature complete C++ bittorrent implementation focusing
on efficiency and scalability. It runs on embedded devices as well as
desktops. It boasts a well documented library interface that is easy to
use. It comes with a simple bittorrent client demonstrating the use of
the library. The main goals of libtorrent are: to be CPU efficient to be memory efficient to be very easy to use getting started The tutorial is an introduction to using libtorrent (C++). Also see the reference documentation . contribute If your organization uses libtorrent, please consider supporting its development.
See the contributing page for other ways to help out. bitcoin:373ZDeQgQSQNuxdinNAPnQ63CRNn4iEXzg support Please direct questions to the mailing list , general libtorrent discussion. You can usually find me as hydri in #libtorrent on irc.freenode.net . license libtorrent is released under the BSD-license . This means that you can use the library in your project without having to
release its source code. The only requirement is that you give credit
to the author of the library by including the libtorrent license in your
software or documentation. It is however greatly appreciated if additional features are contributed
back to the open source project. Patches can be emailed to the mailing
list or posted to the bug tracker . acknowledgements Written by Arvid Norberg. Copyright © 2003-2018 Contributions by Steven Siloti, Alden Torres, Magnus Jonsson, Daniel Wallin and Cory Nelson Thanks to Reimond Retz for bug fixes, suggestions and testing See github for full list of contributors. Thanks to Umeå University for providing development and test hardware. Project is hosted by github . home blog uTP download documentation DHT put extension python bindings features DHT security extension mailing list archive contributing streaming report a bug building bittorrent slides