Lifemote Networks Solution Resources Team Get a Demo Solution Resources Team Get a Demo AI-Powered Home Wi-Fi Solutions for ISPs Our cutting-edge AI technology acts as a guiding Northern Star, bringing unparalleled visibility to the darkest corners of connectivity issues within customers’ premises. Schedule a Demo Our Partners OUR SOLUTIONS Empowering Your Network with AI Discover how our AI-driven solutions elevate your network performance. Reactive Care Our AI-powered tools identify problems in real-time, providing rapid solutions and minimizing downtime. Proactive Care By analyzing network data, we identify potential issues and take proactive measures to ensure optimal performance. Self Care Our user-friendly interface allows you to monitor network health, troubleshoot issues, and optimize performance. Schedule a Demo Lifemote’s Impact Our Commitment to a Brighter Future Numbers provide a quantitative snapshot of our world, but they often lack the context to tell a compelling story. Through a collaborative approach, we work closely with our clients to ensure that our solutions align with their strategic goals. 65% Increased CSAT, reflecting our dedication to providing outstanding client experiences. 3x Mesh upsell rate, significantly improving network stability and reliability. 36% Technical calls, the number of technical support calls we’ve decreased. 70% Truck rolls, optimizing our field operations and reducing costs to resolve issues remotely. Testimonials What Our Customers Say About Us Our partners from Lifemote have shown that they are a strongly motivated and competent team with high flexibility. They care about quality of service and are able to adapt special requirements as well as implement changes quickly. Philipp Röhm Director Network Access & Control at A1 Lifemote’s highly innovative solution takes us a big step forward in our journey to offer the best broadband experience to everyone. Although we are still early-on in our collaboration, we can already experience the significant impact Lifemote’s solution has on our business, ranging from increased customer experience and satisfaction to cost reductions. Peter Rampling Chief Commercial Officer at Community Fibre We introduced Lifemote to enhance our insights in the performance of the internet/WiFi experience of our customers. We experienced Lifemote as a proactive partner. Thanks to their knowledge and expertise, we were able to take the right steps to gain more insights. Their analysis and enthusiasm gave us the ability to shape this and internally share within to management to create the support needed. Jeroen van der Veer Projects & Roadmap Manager at Online.nl We had a really frustrated customer with lots of Internet problems. Lifemote revealed the customer’s major issues. I visited the customer and solved his problems at that time. But, he called me again a few days later, and their internet was down. Fortunately, we have the ability of accessing the history thanks to Lifemote (we have no other tools with this capability). Looking at the dates, I could clearly see that he experienced DSL reliability issues during heavy rain and we found that the distributer box outside his house had water damage. We had the most challenging incident that was easily resolved using Lifemote. Kora Hansen Technical Consultant at Tusass Previous Next “Our partners from Lifemote have shown that they are a strongly motivated and competent team with high flexibility. They care about quality of service and are able to adapt special requirements as well as implement changes quickly. “ Philipp Röhm Director Network Access & Control LinkedIn General Solution Resources Team Contact Us Twitter Legal Terms of Services Privacy Policy © 2025 Lifemote. All rights reserved. Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Facebook