Lifesum - Healthy eating. Simplified. Articles For Work Language: en Login Get started Healthy eating. Simplified with AI. Discover the power of nutrition to enable a healthier weight, better mood, restful sleep, and longevity. Get started with Lifesum Eat well, live well. For lasting change, get expert advice on what, when, and how much to eat, tailored to suit your individual lifestyle. 920,957 reviews and counting! Features Supporting your health and wellness goals at every stage Smarter, simpler meal tracking Multimodal Tracking makes meal logging effortless and tailored to you. Snap a photo for instant nutrition info, speak for hands-free tracking, type for detailed insights, scan barcodes for quick data, or use quick tracking for simple entries. Better sleep, steady focus, and sustained energy Get a detailed breakdown of your protein, carb, and fat intake, including sugars, fiber, saturated fats, and more.  Adjust your nutrient intake to fit your personal preferences. Lose weight and keep it off, while enjoying the foods you love Gain useful insights into your eating patterns, and earn points based on your food intake and activity. Get advice on how to improve and change your relationship with food every week. Guidance on what to eat every step of the way Looking to lose weight? Or optimize your fitness performance? Our Meal Plans and Diets are suited for any lifestyle, such as Protein Weight Loss, Mediterranean, Fasting, Keto and more. Make the best choices for you Use the barcode scanner to get the nutritional information for millions of food items, then add them to your diary with a tap. Build lasting, healthy habits Use our one-tap trackers for water, fruit, and vegetables to help you increase your intake. Sync with your wearables like the Apple Watch or Samsung Galaxy Watch for even easier tracking. Customer Stories Trusted by 60+ million users “ If you use the app over time, you will learn a lot about food and diet. You easily get an overview of what you are getting. Whether you just want to eat healthy and get clean food, or if you want to lose weight, build muscle or gain weight, you get a good overview of the daily intake of nutrients. If you want to lose weight, for example, protein is an important macronutrient to get a lot of. It costs the body quite a bit to break down and it is very filling ” — Helene Celine Sjøberg “ Without Lifesum, my life would have become a roller coaster. It had taken significantly more time to find the optimal diet for me. And if I found it, it would have been more difficult to get it implemented without Lifesum ” — Bjarne Simonsen “ The best thing about Lifesum is the full overview you get on your nutrition. I’ve learnt how to prioritize my food which makes me even more motivated to continue my journey. I’ve tried other similar apps before, but Lifesum is really easy to use and stick to. ” — Marianne As seen in Mission We are all about nutrition, differentiated by design, enabled by technology. Lifesum is the leading global healthy eating platform, founded on the belief that food fuels life. Lifesum is democratising healthy eating by empowering people with tools to understand their personal nutritional needs. This enables smarter food choices, whether you want to reach a healthy weight, build better eating habits, run faster, improve your sleep or extend your longevity. The Lifesum app tracks food intake and exercise habits, and offers personalised feedback, recipes and meal plans to suit your lifestyle. Healthy eating. Simplified. Lifesum.com start page Assorted Lifesum links Work at Lifesum Careers Connect Instagram YouTube Pinterest Facebook Twitter Help FAQ Contact Learn more Press Articles Lifesum for Work Give a gift Legal Terms of Service & Privacy Policy Privacy Policy — Employees, consultants and job applicants Privacy Policy — Business contacts and website visitors All rights reserved 2026 Lifesum AB Sorry, this site requires that you have a modern browser with JavaScript
          enabled.