Life Time Healthy Way of Life | Join Life Time Skip to main content Find A Location Life Time Navigation Find A Location Athletic Country Clubs Coworking Residences Shop Experience Life Magazine Athletic Events Life Time App LT Games Life Time Members Member Site Find Your Healthy Way of Life Play/Pause Join now. Final days to secure 2025 rates* Athletic Country Clubs Find A Location Love Your Life Inspiring Places From the warm welcome of the yoga studio to the cool shade of the cabana, every inch of Life Time is designed with your well-being in mind. It’s so much more than a gym. Results-Driven Programs Programs. Lessons. Sessions. Workouts. So many wonderful ways to spend time and reach goals. Passionate People Everyone here shares the same mission, helping you live your healthiest, happiest life. Work A coworking concept with exceptional design and a health club experience. Explore Digital Around the clock access to a healthy way of life. Explore Living Luxury living that minimizes environmental impact and maximizes well-being. Explore * 
Dues and fees associated with new memberships rates may increase pursuant to the terms and conditions of membership and are subject to change. Not applicable at all clubs or in all markets. Member cancellation terms, including rights required by state law, may be found in Life Time’s Guest & Club Policies and membership agreements. State taxes and other restrictions may apply. See your club for additional details. return Membership levels, types, amenities, services, programs and their associated dues, pricing, fees and/or charges may vary by location and are subject to change. Access to clubs, and certain services, programs, amenities, or areas within a club (e.g., outdoor pools, racquet courts) may be restricted, conditioned, or otherwise limited by specific terms and conditions and/or subject to a separate or supplemental fee for access or use (e.g., your access to the outdoor pool area may require a separate fee and be limited to your designated club). See club for additional terms and conditions that may apply. Always consult your physician before beginning any new exercise program. Experience life time Show Content Athletic Country Clubs Work Living Stay Digital Experience Life Athletic Events Shop LifeClinic LT Games Member Login About Life Time Show Content Newsroom Investor Relations Corporate Responsibility Culture of Inclusion Life Time Foundation Careers Life Time Academy Yoga Teacher Training Concierge Show Content Membership Help & FAQs Partnership Show Content Corporate Wellness Partnership Marketing Life Time Construction Social Show Content Facebook Instagram YouTube Pinterest TikTok Member Site Privacy Terms Guest & Club Policies Accessibilities Race Entrant Policy State Specific Privacy Notice for Consumers Washington State Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Sitemap © 2025 Life Time, Inc. All Rights Reserved.