Examples
Support
Blog
Add-ons
Sign up
Log in
Looking for the Instagram widget like this one?
You are in the right place!
Try demo
Sign up
Features
Responsive

Widget looks great on desktop, tablet and mobile devices. You can customize settings of the widget for various screen sizes.

Tiny

No bloated libraries inside the widget. Everything is trimmed to minimum.

Fast

Widget loads very fast. We use advanced CDN and caching to optimize loading times.

Official Instagram API

We use the official Instagram API to provide our services - Instagram Graph API.

Links directly to Instagram

We link directly to your Instagram account, not 3rd party pages filled with ads.

Ads free

You will never see any ads in our widgets!

Multiple Instagram accounts

Simple management of multiple Instagram accounts.

Hashtag filtering

If you don't want to show your entire feed, you can show only posts with given hashtags.

3 different type of widgets

You can choose from 3 base types of widgets - grid, slider and masonry.

A lot of customizable options

Each base widget type has many configurable options. Padding, hovers, captions, image formats and much more!

Custom CSS

Not enough options? You can write your own custom CSS to adjust the widget to your needs!

99% of supported websites

If your website support iframes you should be able to install our widget on your page!

Copy and paste installation

Create your widget, copy the code and paste it to your website. No coding skills required:)

Tutorials

Step by step tutorials showing how to install widget in most popular CMS

Support

Having trouble? Let us know! We reply to every support ticket!

Some of our users
BabymeeModaBebe ®

1M+ followers

Sofia Larios

1M+ followers

OCHALLENGER

2M+ followers

Siggie Cohen✨Parenting Expert

1M+ followers

Judas Priest

1M+ followers

Whitney Cummings

1M+ followers

Widgets in numbers
+300M
More than 300,000,000 widget views every month
+163k
Over 163,000 happy users
+67k
About 67,000 websites displays widgets daily
+100
Around 100 new widgets every hour
How to add LightWidget to your website?
WordPress

How to add LightWidget to WordPress without external plugins?

WordPress tutorial
Shopify

Add LightWidget to your Shopify website - an easy and quick tutorial.

Shopify tutorial
Drupal

How to add LightWidget to Drupal? No custom plugin is required.

Drupal tutorial
More integrations

We have more tutorials for other CMS systems and services!

More integrations
About LightWidget

LightWidget is a responsive widget for Instagram. You can embed our widgets on your website, blog, online store, etc. You can generate widgets with multiple options like hover effects, captions, padding, square crops, hashtag filtering, and more. Each Instagram widget supports breakpoints so you can adjust how the feed will look on desktop, tablet, and mobile. Please use our generator to create an awesome widget and copy the embed code to your website:)

Examples
Support
Blog
Widget add-ons
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies
© 2025 LightWidget - responsive widget for Instagram