LikeShop Link in Bio for Instagram and TikTok | Dash Social Prove what’s working and where to invest. See your Total Social Impact Platform Explore by Channel Popular Features Content Performance Predictions Predict image and video content performance with Vision AI. Creator Management Everything you need for a sophisticated influencer program. Listening Uncover relevant trends as they happen to adapt your strategy. Social Analytics and Monitoring Actionable insights across your key social media channels. LikeShop Take your audience from your link in bio to products and content on-site. Competitive Insights Benchmark your owned performance alongside your industry and competitors. Campaigns Measure the impact of your cross-channel campaigns. Scheduler Plan, schedule and publish content all in one place. Community Engage with your audience and get sentiment insights—all within one social inbox. See All Features Solutions AI and Automation AI-powered tools to handle repetitive tasks and decision-making, giving you more time for creative work. Social Engagement and Scheduling Best-in-class tools that are time-saving, data-backed, and so easy to use. Social Commerce Convert your followers into customers with on-site UGC Galleries, shoppable link solutions, and more. Reporting, Insights, and Trends Leverage insights that are powerful and intuitive to craft a strategy that truly resonates. Creator and Influencer Marketing Understand the marketing impact and earned media value (EMV) of your creator and influencer partnerships. AI-Powered Social Listening Understand the social media landscape with visual-first insights. Customers Dash Social Customers Join the ranks of leading brands and publishers who rely on Dash Social to transform every social interaction into something meaningful. Explore Popular Industries Fashion and Luxury Beauty Media and Publishing CPG, Food and Beverage Home Retail See All Industries Pricing Resources Learn Blog Catch up on the latest in digital and social marketing. Guides All of the best social media guides, all in one place. Digital Marketing Glossary Browse our digital marketing terminology glossary to learn about the most popular social media terms. Emoji Glossary Discover the true meaning behind the most popular emojis trending on social media. Connect Case Studies Learn how Dash Social helps brands, directly from the source. Digital Marketing Dictionary Stay up-to-date with today’s latest social media and digital marketing terminology. Social Media Manager Spotlight Interviews with the world's best social media managers. Webinars Tune into Dash Social’s latest webinars to set your brand up for success across channels. Excel Social Media Benchmarks Understand how your brand's performance stacks up to your industry. Social Media Trends Report The latest social trends and insights to drive your strategy forward. Templates A selection of downloadable templates for social media manager’s to take and use as a part of their daily routine. View All Resources Log In Get a Demo Log In Get a Demo LikeShop Link in Bio Bridge the Gap Between Social and Selling With LikeShop In one tap, our link in bio solution takes your audience from your Instagram and TikTok posts to your site. The perfect addition to your holistic digital strategy. Available in all Dash Social plans starting at $999/month Get a Demo Product Tour In one tap, our link in bio solution takes your audience from your Instagram and TikTok posts to your site. The perfect addition to your holistic digital strategy. Capture New Audiences Use your creativity to turn your audience into customers. Track the path to checkout and measure how your entertaining content improves purchase intent. A Frictionless Customer Journey Your audience can go from their For You page or Instagram feed to your product pages in seconds for the optimal shopping experience. A Streamlined Setup Start driving conversions in less than a minute. Make one connection that will save your team hours of work and create a smooth social shopping experience. "Love that we're able to feature multiple live links in our Instagram bio through their LikeShop feature. Dash allows us to dig deep into our analytics and make data-driven decisions to create more effective social content that resonates with our community." Administrator in Non-Profit Organization Management Small-Business (50 or fewer emp.) G2 Review Make Your Content Convert Dash Social's predictive technology, Vision, to guide your image selection and optimize social media ROI. It’s your data-driven sidekick. From Viral to ROI Go beyond brand awareness and drive web traffic with a shoppable TikTok LikeShop link-in-bio solution. With Dash Social’s rich data and insights, you can easily measure how your video content is moving the needle. Create, Customize, and Convert Customize your LikeShop so it aligns with the latest trends, your product launches, or your cross-channel campaigns to fully optimize for revenue opportunities. Trackable Attribution Being able to accurately measure attribution across your entire marketing ecosystem is crucial. Customize your LikeShop with custom UTM codes to align your entire digital strategy and know which customer touches contribute to your goals. Start Free Trial Related Features Convert Your Audience E-commerce solutions are more essential to a thriving brand’s playbook than ever before. Explore more of Dash Social’s e-commerce tools to turn your most engaged social audience into loyal customers. Learn More Actionable Insights Multi-brand and multi-channel Dashboards, customized to your marketing strategy. Learn More Facebook Product Catalog Integration Access your Facebook Product Catalog within Dash Social for seamless product tagging. Learn More Learn More View All Features #1 Ease of Use and Best Performance Social Media Management Software Smarter social starts here. Get a Demo Get a Demo → Platform All Features Social Analytics and Monitoring Content Performance Predictions Dashboards Campaigns Creator Management LikeShop Scheduler Listening Competitive Insights Community View More TikTok Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Threads Library Shoppable Galleries Boards Mobile UGC Platform Tools Instagram Insights TikTok Trending Sounds View Less Solutions AI and Automation Reporting, Insights, and Trends Social Engagement and Scheduling Creator and Influencer Marketing Social Commerce Social Listening Industries Beauty CPG, Food and Beverage Fashion and Luxury Home Media and Publishing Retail View More Agency Automotive B2B Consumer Electronics and Technology Financial Services Health and Wellness Real Estate Sports Travel, Tourism and Hospitality View Less Resources Case Studies Guides Benchmarks Blog Social Media Trends Webinars Templates Emoji Meanings Social Media Glossary Social Media Manager Spotlight Dash Social API Integrations Compare Dash Social vs. Sprout Social Dash Social vs. Sprinklr Dash Social vs. Bazaarvoice Dash Social vs. Later Dash Social vs. Emplifi Dash Social vs. Hootsuite Dash Social vs. Brandwatch Dash Social vs. GRIN LikeShop vs. Linktree Company About Careers We're Hiring! Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Life at Dash Social Newsroom Trust Center Contact Platform All Features Social Analytics and Monitoring Content Performance Predictions Dashboards Campaigns Creator Management LikeShop Scheduler Listening Competitive Insights Community TikTok Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Library Shoppable Galleries Boards Mobile Instagram Insights UGC Platform Tools TikTok Trending Sounds Solutions AI and Automation Reporting, Insights, and Trends Social Engagement and Scheduling Creator and Influencer Marketing Social Commerce Social Listening Industries Beauty CPG, Food and Beverage Fashion and Luxury Home Media and Publishing Retail Agency Automotive Consumer Electronics and Technology Financial Services Health and Wellness Real Estate Travel, Tourism and Hospitality Resources Case Studies E-Books Benchmarks Blog Social Media Trends Webinars Templates Digital Marketing Glossary Dash Social API Integrations Compare Dash Social vs. Sprout Social Dash Social vs. Sprinklr Dash Social vs. Bazaarvoice Dash Social vs. Later Dash Social vs. Emplifi Dash Social vs. Hootsuite Dash Social vs. Brandwatch Dash Social vs. GRIN LikeShop vs. Linktree Company About Careers We're Hiring! Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Life at Dash Social Newsroom Trust Center Contact © 2026 DASH SOCIAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security Sitemap 1-844-200-DASH By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Cookie Settings Accept All Cookies Cookie Preferences Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close