A medicine company that puts health above all
A medicine company should do more than just make medicine.

Find Care

Get in touch with an independent doctor who understands your condition.

Get Started

Access Pharmacy

LillyDirect® Pharmacy provides access to authentic Lilly medicines, free home delivery, exclusive savings, and support.

Get Medicine

Join a Clinical Trial

Clinical trials need patients to help medicine get better.

View Trials

CONDITION SUPPORT

Get a better understanding of a condition.

One of the healthiest actions a patient or a loved one can take is getting informed about a condition. Part of our job is getting you the information you need, to help make the best decisions for health.

Select a condition below to learn more.

Alzheimer's Disease
Explore Condition
Cancer
Explore Condition
Dermatology
1
of 8
Cancer Woman with cancer wearing a headwrap and staring out a sunny window Learn more about Cancer (1 of 8)
Woman standing in a field outside
Our job’s not done once the medicine is made.

LillyDirect provides convenient, discreet home delivery of authentic Lilly medicines if prescribed, transparent pricing, and seamless integration of savings support and coordination.

Get medicine

Hands

Early detection of a disease, including cancer, can mean more treatment options and better health outcomes. Have a conversation with your doctor about screening options, including mammograms—the power to take control of your health is in your hands.

Watch Now

Video Transcript

ABOUT LILLY

Our job is to put health above all.

Our research focuses on developing life-changing medicines for everyone, regardless of their condition’s prevalence or complexity. And we know our biggest advancements are still ahead of us.

145+

Years making medicine

100+

Patented medications

2

Nobel Prizes for medicine

Medicine starts with safety

Thousands of employees work every day to make sure Lilly medicine is made consistently and with the highest quality. Manufacturing and quality are some of the most important parts of our process.

Examine our process

Protect yourself from counterfeits

We give you the information you need to better protect yourself against counterfeit, fake and unsafe or untested products.

How to spot counterfeits

The hope of medicine for every body

We may one day be able to make medicine that's tailored to an individual's biology using new treatments made from their own genetic code. See what today's research means for the medicine of tomorrow.

What is genetic medicine