Optimize Product Content to Improve Search and Discovery, Everywhere, with Lily AI LilyAI logo LilyAI - Ecommerce Product Discovery Platform for Brands LilyAI logo LilyAI - Ecommerce Product Discovery Platform for Brands Products Products Marketing Marketing SEM, SEO and GEO Data and Analytics Retail Media Ecommerce Ecommerce Site Search Recommendations Product Copy Generation Marketplaces Filters & Facets Platform Platform Product Attributes Data Workflows Industries Industries Fashion Trend Attribution 101 Harness AI to capitalize on Fashion, Home, and Beauty trends. Read More Home Beauty Resources Resources Customer Stories Featured Resources Lily AI Launches Product Content Optimization for SEO, AEO & GEO Blog Product Discovery Disrupted: From SEO to GEO and Beyond Reports & Guides From Experimentation to Full Vibes at Rue Gilt Groupe: Case Study Session at CommerceNext 2025 Blog Reports & Guides Blog Video & Podcasts Presentations & Webinars Partners Corner News News Recognition Featured Press Lily AI Launches Solution to Optimize Product Content for Algorithmic and Generative Engine Discoverability Announcements Is AI the Key to Meeting Consumers in Discovery? Media Lily AI Ranked Number 187 Fastest-Growing Company in North America on the 2024 Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Announcements In The News Announcements Events Company Company Industry Leadership Vision Management Team Investors Customers Partners Events Careers Request a demo Products Marketing SEM, SEO and GEO Data and Analytics Retail Media Ecommerce Site Search Recommendations Product Copy Generation Marketplaces Filters & Facets Platform Product Attributes Data Workflows Industries Fashion Home Beauty Resources Customer Stories Reports & Guides Blog Video & Podcasts Presentations & Webinars Partners Corner News Recognition In The News Announcements Events Company Industry Leadership Vision Management Team Investors Customers Partners Events Careers Product Content Optimization For Humans & Machines. AI-optimized product content for commerce and advertising —paid, organic, AEO, and GEO— to boost visibility and drive sales. Book a demo Merchant-Speak Spaghetti Strap Polka-dot Dress Customer-Speak + Summer Slip Dress + Casual Cotton Dress in Red + Tropical Vacation Dress + Flowy Polka Dot Dress Product Content Optimization For Humans & Machines. AI-optimized product content for commerce and advertising —paid, organic, AEO, and GEO— to boost visibility and drive sales. Book a demo Merchant-Speak Women's High Collar Sweater Customer-Speak + Chunky Knit Turtleneck + Classic Preppy Turtleneck + Comfy Light Colored Sweater + Understated Loose Fitting Turtleneck Product Content Optimization For Humans & Machines. AI-optimized product content for commerce and advertising —paid, organic, AEO, and GEO— to boost visibility and drive sales. Book a demo Merchant-Speak Womb Chair Customer-Speak + Retro 70 Accent Chair + Modern Yellow Accent Chair + Mid-Century Modern Chair Product Content Optimization For Humans & Machines. AI-optimized product content for commerce and advertising —paid, organic, AEO, and GEO— to boost visibility and drive sales. Book a demo Merchant-Speak Slouchy Straight Ankle Denim Overalls Customer-Speak + Rugged Relaxed Fit Overalls + Summer BBQ Overalls + Coastal Cowgirl Overalls + Faded Overalls Product Content Optimization For Humans & Machines. AI-optimized product content for commerce and advertising —paid, organic, AEO, and GEO— to boost visibility and drive sales. Book a demo Merchant-Speak Amethyst Glimmer Eye Shadow Customer-Speak + Eye Shadow with Sparkles + Fairycore Shimmer Eye Shadow + Light Purple Sparkly Eyeshadow + Weekend Glam Eyeshadow + Waterproof Purple Eye Makeup Trusted by global brands and retailers Improve Search and Discovery with Lily AI Enrich your product content with accurate, relevant, and context-aware attributes, phrases, descriptions, metadata and schema markup to improve performance everywhere people search and shop. Maximize Google Ad performance Improve AEO and GEO visibility Boost SEO and organic traffic Enhance site search results Increase on-site PDP conversion + More See how it works Winning results Increase impressions, traffic, and sales by making your products more visible with natural language, optimized consumer-facing content, metadata, and schema markup for both people and search engines. Read customer stories +0% Incremental sales in 4-8 weeks 0% Order conversion +5-9% 0% Site traffic +25-40% 0% Ad impression lift +6-10% 0% CTRs +5-15% 0% Attribute depth +30-70% How it works Data Layer The core intelligence that powers Lily’s insights and product content optimization. AI Models AI models expertly trained to unlock rich product details from your catalog and transform them into conversion-driving language that resonates with shoppers and machines. Proprietary Dataset Powered by an unmatched blend of high-quality retailer, public, and proprietary data sources unique to Lily, unlocking opportunities no other platform can deliver. Enrichment Layer Your catalog is expertly translated into the language your customers speak and optimized for machine understanding, fueling  connections, visibility, and results. Attributes Elevating product descriptions beyond basic color and cut, Lily AI delivers rich, nuanced attributes in the words that truly resonate with your shoppers. Trends From the hottest micro trends to enduring macro movements, Lily AI ensures your products are perfectly aligned with what’s trending now and what’s here to stay. Occasions Aligning your catalog with everyday occasions, from holiday cocktail parties to kids’ birthday celebrations, so your products are always ready for your customers’ special moments. Styles Organize your catalog by enduring styles, making it easy for people to find timeless matches for their home, wardrobe, or beauty routine. Product Copy Craft product copy, descriptions and highlights that engage shoppers and improves search rankings and visibility, simultaneously. Use Cases How Lily’s intelligence and insights are operationalized to drive real business value. Site Search Turbocharge your site search with Lily’s enriched product attributes, synonyms and trends, empowering shoppers to discover the perfect item every time. Paid Ads Maximize Ad performance with data populated into Google Merchant Center that’s structured for machines, informed by consumer searches, and dynamically updated to reflect shopper intent. SEO & GEO Elevate your SEO and GEO strategies by harnessing enriched, structured product data for greater visibility, discoverability, and engagement across search and generative AI platforms. Marketplaces Normalize, enrich, and refine product data across all 3rd party sellers to boost search accuracy and discoverability, both on your site and across external channels. Application Layer The Application Layer enables seamless, bi-directional integrations and workflows, ensuring your data is ingested, enriched, and delivered both into your own systems and out to every sales and marketing channel. Measurement & Analytics Lily continuously elevates its intelligence by monitoring performance and dynamically refining our models and content outputs to deliver ever-better results. Data Layer AI Models Proprietary Dataset Enrichment Layer Attributes Trends Occasions Styles Product Copy Use Cases Site Search Paid Ads SEO & GEO Marketplaces Application Layer Measurement & Analytics Data Layer The core intelligence that powers Lily’s insights and product content optimization. AI Models AI models expertly trained to unlock rich product details from your catalog and transform them into conversion-driving language that resonates with shoppers and machines. Proprietary Dataset Powered by an unmatched blend of high-quality retailer, public, and proprietary data sources unique to Lily, unlocking opportunities no other platform can deliver. Enrichment Layer Your catalog is expertly translated into the language your customers speak and optimized for machine understanding, fueling  connections, visibility, and results. Attributes Elevating product descriptions beyond basic color and cut, Lily AI delivers rich, nuanced attributes in the words that truly resonate with your shoppers. Trends From the hottest micro trends to enduring macro movements, Lily AI ensures your products are perfectly aligned with what’s trending now and what’s here to stay. Occasions Aligning your catalog with everyday occasions, from holiday cocktail parties to kids’ birthday celebrations, so your products are always ready for your customers’ special moments. Styles Organize your catalog by enduring styles, making it easy for people to find timeless matches for their home, wardrobe, or beauty routine. Product Copy Craft product copy, descriptions and highlights that engage shoppers and improves search rankings and visibility, simultaneously. Use Cases How Lily’s intelligence and insights are operationalized to drive real business value. Site Search Turbocharge your site search with Lily’s enriched product attributes, synonyms and trends, empowering shoppers to discover the perfect item every time. Paid Ads Maximize Ad performance with data populated into Google Merchant Center that’s structured for machines, informed by consumer searches, and dynamically updated to reflect shopper intent. SEO & GEO Elevate your SEO and GEO strategies by harnessing enriched, structured product data for greater visibility, discoverability, and engagement across search and generative AI platforms. Marketplaces Normalize, enrich, and refine product data across all 3rd party sellers to boost search accuracy and discoverability, both on your site and across external channels. Application Layer The Application Layer enables seamless, bi-directional integrations and workflows, ensuring your data is ingested, enriched, and delivered both into your own systems and out to every sales and marketing channel. Measurement & Analytics Lily continuously elevates its intelligence by monitoring performance and dynamically refining our models and content outputs to deliver ever-better results. Possibilities expanded 0K+ Product Attributes 0B+ Training Data Points Collected 0M+ Training Products Manually Labeled Products Technology Ecommerce Marketing Industries Fashion Home Beauty Resources Customer Stories Reports & Guides Blog Video & Podcasts Presentations & Webinars Partners Corner Company Industry Leadership Vision Management Team Investors Customers Partners Events Careers News Recognition In The News Announcements Events Subscribe LinkedIn logo The icon logo for LinkedIn Facebook logo The icon logo for Facebook Instagram logo The icon logo for Instagram ©2026 Lily AI Terms of Service | Privacy policy | Sitemap