A Public Cloud for SecOps | LimaCharlie MSSP Enterprise Builders Platform Agentic SecOps Workspace Secops Cloud Platform AI Integration Pricing Resources Blog Case Studies Data Sheets Webinars Events Community Podcast Defender Fridays Docs log in book demo [Live Session] From AI SOC to AI in the SOC (and beyond) - Jan 20 @ 10am PT / 1pm ET Secops platform for mssps Scalable infrastructure for your security services Deploy across unlimited clients, automate operations, and maintain healthy margins with security infrastructure delivered as a service. Book demo Why Limacharlie How it works Customer Love Use cases Resources Why LimaCharlie Say goodbye to tool sprawl | And say hello to your new API-first, SecOps platform. An integrated Security stack Tools, services, and telemetry communicating via API. An integrated Security stack Tools, services, and telemetry communicating via API. Streamlined operations Normalized data, scalable infrastructure, automation, and increased visibility. Streamlined operations Normalized data, scalable infrastructure, automation, and increased visibility. Lower costs, more capabilities Multi-tenant security in a single interface, one year free data storage. Lower costs, more capabilities Multi-tenant security in a single interface, one year free data storage. Increased ownership and flexibility Customize existing solutions and innovate new ones. Increased ownership and flexibility Customize existing solutions and innovate new ones. How it works Optimize your security with consolidation, scalability, and integration LimaCharlie delivers instant value to security operations on three major fronts. Consolidate your security stack The SecOps Cloud Platform (SCP) provides a centralized interface for visualizing and managing all security operations across multiple tenants. Use one tool to view threat telemetry, execute detection and response operations, monitor endpoint activity and more. Scale your capabilities The SCP is built upon cloud technology that easily scales to meet business needs. Whether you're managing 10 endpoints or 10,000,000 at one organization or hundreds, the SCP can easily accommodate any demands. Integrate security services, tools, and telemetry The SCP uses an API-first approach to integrating tools, services, and telemetry streams. Data on the SCP is normalized for mass consumption across the platform (and beyond) creating limitless automation opportunities that streamline security operations. The platform also aligned with our engineering-centric approach to cybersecurity, which let us focus on our core value proposition: being at the cutting edge of security operations. Andrew Cook CTO , Recon Infosec This is a platform by engineers for engineers...There's no fluff. It's just functionality and features and capabilities that we can use and bring to bear to solve our client security use cases and do it in a way that scales. Paul Ihme Cofounder and Managing Principal , Soteria We can deploy sensors in minutes and adjust licensing on the fly, without having to jump over hurdles. This is a massive advantage over other cybersecurity players out there. Glenn Starkman CEO , Soteria Use Cases Integrate, improve, and innovate security solutions at scale The SecOps Cloud Platform unlocks limitless potential for your security stack. Here are some common use cases. EDR SOAR / Automation Cost-effective SIEM alternative Cloud security SecOps development All use cases Featured Content Discover how LimaCharlie streamlines operations and delivers instant value to service providers Blog Article MDR firm saves $100k per year with LimaCharlie Read more Blog Article MDR firm saves $100k per year with LimaCharlie Read more Blog Article Create instant, scalable, value for MSSPs Read more Blog Article Create instant, scalable, value for MSSPs Read more Webinar Beyond Data Routing: Slash SIEM Costs with LimaCharlie's Security Observability Pipeline Watch video Webinar Beyond Data Routing: Slash SIEM Costs with LimaCharlie's Security Observability Pipeline Watch video Blog Article 8 ways MSSPs gain competitive advantage with the SecOps Cloud Platform Read more Blog Article 8 ways MSSPs gain competitive advantage with the SecOps Cloud Platform Read more We're not just a platform— we're a partner Let us help you drive higher margins and deliver better security across all your clients. Book demo United States 440 N Barranca Ave #5258 Covina, CA 91723 Canada 5307 Victoria Drive #566 Vancouver, BC V5P 3V6 Stay up-to-date on all things LimaCharlie with our monthly newsletter. use cases Use Case Catalog EDR / XDR SIEM / Log Analytics Incident Response SOAR / Automation SecOps Engineering Cloud Security resources Blog Case Studies Data Sheets Webinars Events Community Podcast Defender Fridays Documentation Company About Us Careers News & Press Contact Us Ask AI about LimaCharlie Status Trust Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright © LimaCharlie 2025