LineageOS – LineageOS Android Distribution Toggle navigation Blog Engineering About Community Legal open_in_new Status open_in_new Wiki For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
            Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . LineageOS Android Distribution A free and open-source operating system for various devices, based on the Android mobile platform. Get LineageOS Blog Latest news Changelog 30 - Sleek Sixteen, Streamlined Suite, Future Flow 23 is prime calendar_today October 11, 2025 person_outline Nolen Johnson (npjohnson) Individuality Customization is paramount to productivity. That’s why LineageOS promises to push for user personalization and preference. Everyone is unique and your device should be too. Security Your data, your rules. Along with monthly security updates to every supported device,
          we enhance existing privacy touchpoints around the OS and keep you informed of how the system shares your data. Trust helps you understand the state of your device's security
          and warns you about possible threats. Longevity LineageOS extends the functionality and lifespan of mobile devices from
          more than 20 different manufacturers thanks to our open-source community
          of contributors from all around the world. Want to contribute? See how you can make LineageOS better . Power to you Our open-source apps are here to help you get through the day. Want to do more with your device? Power users will enjoy Unix command-line utilities. Android developers will turn any device into the perfect device for
          apps development thanks to enhanced tools and debugging capabilities. Ready? Get LineageOS now! LineageOS, an open-source Android distribution, is available for several devices, with more being continuously added thanks to the biggest, yet ever growing,
        Android open-source community. Join us and breathe new life in your device, be it old or new. Find your device © 2016 - 2025 The LineageOS Project Need to get in Contact? Check out r/LineageOS! Need a Press Kit? Get our Public Brand Guide PayPal: paypal.me/LineageOS Patreon: patreon.com/LineageOS Note: LineageOS LLC is not a 501(c)(3) non-profit, as such donations are not tax-exempt.