Ultra Crisp Vector Line Icons (SVG, PNG, PSD, CSH, EPS, Icon Font and more) gift star menu close vault pen guarantee bag gift select mustache ligature license eye files iOS and Android picture checkmark Menu Buy Now ( $59 ) Linearicons Premium Version Free Version About Linearicons Ultra Crisp Line Icons with Integrity 1001 Vector Icons & Counting IcoMoon Ready 14-Day Refund Policy Crisp at 20px, 40px, etc. 1001 Vector Line Icons The following is a preview of some line icons currently available in the Linearicons icon pack. 40px 20px View All Icons If you don't find an icon you're looking for, get in touch . It may get added in future updates. Carefully Handcrafted All the icons in the Linearicons icon pack are carefully handcrafted on a 20×20 pixel grid. Each line icon was designed to be consistent with the rest of the icons in the set. 120 80 60 40 20 As a result of using this grid, all icons in the icon pack look crisp and sharp at 20px and its multiples 40px, 60px, 80px, etc. One Icon Pack, All Platforms All icons in the icon pack have been thoroughly tested on both regular and high PPI screens (such as Apple's Retina displays) to ensure the best results on all platforms including iOS and Android devices. All Common Formats The icons come in several different formats, in both vector and raster. SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) EPS (Encapsulated PostScript) PNGs in 20px, 40px, 60px and 80px CSH (Photoshop Custom Shapes) Ai (Adobe Illustrator), PSD (Photoshop), PDF Installable Font (TTF) Custom Web Fonts SVGs can be imported in almost any vector editing program. You can also embed/inline them in your HTML web pages. Both SVGs and fonts are very customizable. You can easily change their color and size, or add CSS effects to them. Neutral Colored With Effects Scaled Installable Ligature Font The Linearicons icon pack includes a font that you can install and use in any application with a custom text tool (such as Adobe Photoshop, Sketch or Adobe Illustrator). This font comes with hundreds of ligatures, making it easy to find and use the icons. Using this font, you can type a keyword to bring up the icon associated with the word. Watch a video showing this feature . Additionally, this font comes with a set of basic Latin characters, the very same typeface that is used in this web page! The following is a representation of how Linearicons' ligature font would work. This is a limited demo; but you could try these words: picture, files, pen, bag, eye Optimized Icon Fonts Using this icon pack, you will be able to make your own custom icon fonts via the IcoMoon App . With this approach, you will be able to make optimized fonts with a small file size rather than having to use a big font file containing hundreds of icons which you may or may not actually need in your projects. Pay Once, Get Free Updates This package becomes more valuable with the release of each update and its price will be raised. To value loyalty and early adoption, you will receive all future updates for free. The first version of the Linearicons icon pack was released with only 407 icons. The current version contains 1001 icons! Money Back Guarantee Your Linearicons license purchase is backed with a 100% money back guarantee. If you were not satisfied for any reason, get in touch within 14 days of your purchase to get a full refund. No questions asked. Friendly License Use Linearicons in both commercial and non-commercial projects Modify the icons as you wish 14 day refund policy 10 designers/developers per license You don't need an extra license for new projects No additional fees for future updates View the License Agreement Hide the License Agreement Hide the License Agreement Meet Perxis Hi! My name is Perxis. Aside from designing Linearicons, I wear a crown everyday and play with my mustache. It's fun. They call me @KingPerxis on twitter . If you have a good taste, you should follow me on dribbble . For email communication, feel free to use my contact form . © 2025 Linearicons.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy