Your links and products in one place Annual discount Subscribe to the annual plan and get 2 months free. Subscribe now! → Close Linklist Abrir menu principal Features Recursos Help Success stories Price → Login Sign Up Your links and products in one place Take your brand to the world with Linklist: your link in bio, digital catalog, link shortener and QR code generator. Start now How it works → The success of your business starts with links Ensure your digital presence, strengthen your brand's authority and optimize the time spent on processes with Linklist's tools. Mark your brand's presence on the Internet All your brand information on a single page with the best features to get more clicks. A straight-to-the-point digital catalog Conquer more customers in a catalog with unlimited products, personalized appearance and immediate support via WhatsApp. A link shortener for all time Use customized, easy-to-copy-and-paste links to build trust and strengthen your branding. A QR code generator with your face Make your links reach the real world with strategic and customized QR codes with your logo. All your brand information on a single page with the best features to get more clicks. Master the digital How to make your brand stand out online with Linklist tools Traffic generation, excellent customer service and shopping experience. See everything you can optimize in managing your brand from day one with Linklist. Make your bio link sell for you Explore nossas integrações com o WhatsApp, apps de localização, players de música e vídeo, além de funcionalidades como otimização de SEO pra fazer do seu link na bio uma verdadeira página de conversão. Optimize your link in bio → Save time on order fulfillment Use the digital catalog to offer a fast and secure shopping experience and gain in productivity. Manage orders, view stock and customer data, register promotional prices and up to 10 photos/videos per product. Discover the digital catalog → Explore the Power of a friendly URL In the challenge of getting more clicks, a short and easy-to-remember URL is a trump card. With Linklist, you can shorten URLs, customize them, add UTM parameters and even generate a QR code of the link. Create URLs that conquer → Who uses, trusts More than 400,000 users have already boosted their products and links on the internet with Linklist. “Linklist is great for anyone who needs a simple and easy to use links page. The support is very good and they are always willing to help.” Verdina @verdina_co “I started using Linklist about two years ago. We created a website and realized that it would be easy and practical to use a tool where our customers could quickly access our networks in just one click.” Paula K @paulak_nh “I have Linklist for 1 year and it has responded to my expectations, easy to use, allows changing colors and backgrounds and several links. In addition to providing the selected period insights.” Nadia Mattos @nadiamattos_interiores Success stories Success stories with Linklist Check out some of the success stories and testimonials we've received from people who use our platform to consolidate their online presence and expand their connections. See what they have to say about their experience with Linklist and be part of this journey of growth and success. Personality, connection and experience: Everything that Linklist helped Forneria 1121 conquer! Have you ever imagined being able to gather three branches, from different locations, in one place? If you think this is impossible, Forneria 1121 can prove to you that it is possible. Read more → Maximize the efficiency of managing your projects with Linklist Managing projects is not easy at all, and anyone who works with this knows it very well. Colina Tech faced this challenge and decided to share with us some of the problems he faced until he found the solution with Linklist . Read more → WhatsApp The most practical way to convert messages into sales! Optimize your brand's service management via WhatsApp. Communicate with your target audience without complications. Try WhatsApp button Linklist fits in all pockets Plans and prices that adapt to all types of business Periodicidade Monthly Yearly Your marketing strategy needs attitude When you take the first step, you start the test network that makes you understand what works to leverage your business results on digital. In addition to the ideal tools to do this, Linklist offers you specialized email support to hack your company's growth. If you need it, our specialized support in Digital Marketing will be ready to assist you. Create an account Frequently Asked Questions Check out the most frequently asked questions about linklist. If you can't find the answer you're looking for, visit our help center. Meu código de verificação de dois fatores não funciona Meu link está em análise. Por quê e quanto tempo demora? Não consigo acessar o e-mail associado à minha conta Posso adicionar PDF na minha lista de links? Home Blog Link in bio Digital catalog Link shortener QR code Help center Termos de Uso Postgrain Instagram Twitter 2020 - 2025 © Linklist. All rights reserved.