Home |  Small Business Web Design Menu Members Area About Us Blog Social Feed Support FAQ Contact Menu Home How It Works Website Packages Ready to Go Website Website Addons Service Plans Full Service Plan Foundation 20 Foundation 35 Foundation 900 Foundation 1200 Compare Foundation Solutions Organic Organic Foundation 35 Organic Foundation 900 Organic Foundation 1200 Compare Organic Foundation Solutions Local Local Foundation 35 Local Foundation 900 Local Foundation 1200 Compare Local Foundation Solutions Paid Ads Google Ads Google Shopping Ads Local Services Ads Management Facebook & Instagram Ads Backlink Packages Virtual Phone Systems Review Generation ADA Compliance Addon Social Media Management Services Citation Management Stax Payments Content Creation Compare Marketing Solutions Elite Full Service Plan Elite 40 Elite 60 Elite 140 Compare Elite Solutions Organic Organic Elite 40 Organic Elite 60 Organic Elite 140 Compare Organic Elite Solutions Local Local Elite 40 Local Elite 60 Local Elite 140 Compare Local Elite Solutions Our Clients Testimonials Galleries Website Gallery Unique Industry Gallery Logo Gallery Fill out the form to generate your website preview! Small Business Web Design Agency Trusted by AI, Discovered in Search. Today’s Customers Ask AI. Make Sure It Says Your Name. Invalid ID, Please try again. See Your Consultant’s Screen Nobody does more for less! Trusted by over 10,000+ active clients and counting! Top rated marketing company for small businesses Get found on Google, Yahoo and Bing Generate calls & leads for your services One stop shop for web design & online marketing! Verified Leads Generated 0 + Calls Generated For Clients 0 + Positive Reviews Responded To 0 + Client Keywords In The #1 Position 0 + Client Keywords In The Top 10 Positions 0 + Client Keywords In The Top 50 Positions 0 + WHAT WE DO Web Design Logo Design Hosting SEO We Build Websites That Work For You When you purchase a website from LinkNow, you’ll be supported by a team of website coordinators who guide you through your options and help customize your site to suit your business. With their help, you’ll get the exact website you want, ready to represent your brand. Professional website design Online in 10 to 20 business days View Website Packages Define your brand with your own professionally designed logo. Your logo is the symbol of your business and the stamp of your company as a brand that stands out against the competition. Have our logo design experts create an eye-catching and memorable logo that truly represents the professional image of your company. Work with a graphic design expert Choose from multiple logo mockups Transform your business into a recognizable brand View Logo Gallery Reliable hosting keeps your website up 99.9% of the time. In order for a website to be seen online it needs to be hosted. LinkNow® provides secure and reliable web hosting so that the whole world can find your company and see what you have to offer. And that is only the beginning! We offered multiple hosting solutions. Webmaster and customer support Website email Basic onsite SEO View Hosting Packages Get your website seen with SEO packages to suit your needs. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is how you advertise on the Internet through search engines. Without a focused strategy, search engines, and ultimately prospective clients, are unable to pick your company out from your many competitors. LinkNow® is here to improve your ranking and get your website noticed! Certified content marketing experts Landing pages Traffic solutions View Traffic Packages As Seen On HEAR WHAT OUR CLIENTS HAVE TO SAY Wow, junipines website looks great! Thanks!  It looks really great!  You have done marvelous! Kevin Plude Junipine Construction & Remodeling Inc. Ty for taking the time to help me make our website perfect. GOD BLESS AND THANK YOU Richard Barnes American Supreme Logistics LLC Great! and thank you for your prompt response, you guys do an excellent Job. David Becerra David Becerra Insurance Agency Inc. Perfect! I appreciate everything. I emailed it to my Sage representatives to let them see it before it went live and they said it is Super Professional and love it !! They have already asked me to do more business collaborations with them. See Thomas, the extra $79 already paid off!! Tiffany Wilson Check and Balance Accounting Firm, LLC Thank you for the tremendous job and effort you have made re the webpage. Really appreciate the timeliness of these changes. Re the appearance of the catchy phrase, this was done on a another platform to give it the shiny appearance. So if that can copied to other pages,  be my guest. I leave the designing excellence and experience to you. Kudos! Dwight Rhule Global Performance Specializing In The Following Industries Trucking General Contractor Janitorial Insurance Garage: Mechanic Landscaping Remodeling Roofer Painter Electrician Tow Truck HVAC Accountant Excavator Concrete Plumber Tax Preparation Arborist Garage: Body Shop Home Builder Locksmith Architect Drywall Mover Pool Welding Paving Contractor Carpet Cleaning Limo Pest Control Pressure Washing Garage: Collision Masonry Restoration Car Wash Low Voltage Mechanical Contractor Mortgage Broker Residential Inspector Window Cleaning Kitchen & Bath Carpet & Flooring Interior Designer Massage Therapy Septic Tile & Terrazzo Carpenter Day Care Event Planning Fitness House Cleaning Residential Appraiser Bakery Catering Deck & Patio Dry Cleaners Duct Cleaning Interior Decorator Marriage/Family Counseling Property Management Our Results This client signed up in October 2018. They had 250-300 keywords ranking in the top 50 positions and couldn’t get more than that no matter what they tried.  They came to us, we remade their site, launched it with loads of content and got the site indexed and read by Google in January 2019 where we DOUBLED their keywords in the top 50 positions RIGHT AWAY . A year later, they have over 1050 keywords in the top 50 positions , bringing them loads of traffic and loads of leads! This client signed up in December 2018 and didn’t have a site. We launched their site and were able to get them 308 keywords ranking in the top 50 positions RIGHT AWAY ! In just 2 months, their keywords more than DOUBLED from 308 to 795 in the top 50 positions! A little over a year later, their traffic is EXPLODING ! They went from 0 keywords in Google and didn’t even have a website to 1813 keywords in the top 50 positions ! This client came to us with ranking problems January 2019.  They had a site prior to ours which lead to 30-40 keywords on page 1. Only 9 months later we were able to get them ranking for THOUSANDS of keywords. This image only shows how many of their keywords are on the FIRST PAGE! Right now, they have 761 keywords in the FIRST POSITION . 1302 keywords in the 2 nd to 5 th position on page one and 454 keywords on the 6 th to 10 th position on the first page! Why you should trust LinkNow for your SEO We wrote the book on SEO! Get your copy here amazon.com Get your copy here amazon.ca FRESH FROM THE BLOG 19 Dec Why Do New Websites Spike and Drop in Rankings? Read More 05 Dec LinkNow Case Study: Roofing Contractor in Milwaukee Read More 25 Nov SEO vs AEO vs GEO vs AIO: What Small Business Owners Need To Know Read More 21 Nov Common Digital Marketing Scams and How To Avoid Them Read More Ready To Start A Project? Or Have Questions For Us? Outstanding Support For Our Clients! Serving 10,000+ clients and growing Offering the best value in the industry Give Us A Call: 1.888.667.7186 514-673-5414 Get in touch today: website@linknowmedia.com Connect With Us: Useful Links Careers Support Request Website Gallery Logo Gallery Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Terms & Conditions Small Business Websites Small Business Marketing Recent Posts Why Do New Websites Spike and Drop in Rankings? LinkNow Case Study: Roofing Contractor in Milwaukee SEO vs AEO vs GEO vs AIO: What Small Business Owners Need To Know Common Digital Marketing Scams and How To Avoid Them LinkNow Case Study: HVAC Contractor in Denver How To Deliver In-Person Experiences That Drive Online Reviews Small Business Branding: What Your Fonts and Colors Say About You How To Turn Your Website Into a Trust-Building Machine The Hidden Ways Your Website Shapes Customer Decisions The Power of a Refresh: How We Breathe New Life Into Old Pages