Linqto.me - Online Bookmark and Notes manager with search built in Linq t o.me Online bookmarks and notes Sign In | New User Search | Recent Bookmarks | Recent Notes | Language: English | Blog Sign In | New User L i nqto.me Online Bookmarking, Notes and more ... Bookmarks: always on You are exploring the web more than ever before, finding new and interesting sites, 
 articles and services that you want to keep track on. Don’t just bookmark them in 
 your browser! Let us show you a simpler, more intuitive way to keep your bookmarks always at your 
 disposal, on all devices and irrespective of where you are, on your sofa, or half-way 
 across the world. Linqto.me has your bookmarks always ready! Jot down Study Notes Sometimes a bookmark is not enough, and you also need a place to pen down some 
 interesting things that you are working on / thinking about. Search no further, with the Post-it feature from Linqto.me we have you covered. 
 Easily compose and format your ideas and text and render it available anywhere 
 you connect from. Organize and Search with Ease Just like with traditional bookmarks, Linqto.me allows you to organize all your 
 bookmarks and notes into as many folders as you need to keep things tidy. With our powerful search feature, you can do what browsers can’t: search across 
 all the bookmarks you have created, the Post-its you have written and even the folders 
 that you used to organize these in. Searching is and can be customized with keywords 
 and tags so you never misplace a bookmark again. Find and follow others with the same interests Linqto.me is not just about browsing the web and saving bookmarks to sites you like or find 
 useful. It is a collective browsing experience: find other people that share your interest 
 and follow them to see what bookmarks they chose to share with the world. Discover the world through the eyes of others as well as your own… Share your content on social media If you spend time and energy to discover something interesting perhaps you would not like 
 to keep it just for yourself, but rather let your friends and followers know what you are 
 reading / watching / researching With our social media sharing functionality, you can immediately repost the content you 
 bookmark to your social media sites with just one click. You can also embed the content 
 in an email and send it to someone you know in this way as well. So spread the word… Get your account! It's fast, free and we don't send you any spam. So try it out! Why Join? | Contact Us | Linqto.me - all rights reserved. Version 9.1.10.45