Home | LinuxServer.io Home Images Blog Docs Info Status Donate Support Building and maintaining community images We are a group of like-minded enthusiasts from across the world who build and maintain the largest collection of Docker images on the web, and at our core are the principles behind Free and Open Source Software. Our primary goal is to provide easy-to-use and streamlined Docker images with clear and concise documentation. A worldwide userbase Our commitment is to the community and our users. Over the years, we have worked hard to build a name that resonates with home server enthusiasts and newcomers. Our images are for everyone, and always will be. We would like to thank everyone who has used our images and helped us achieve such a milestone. Standardised Images Our images are built from the same base, which we have uniquely curated. By using s6-overlay , each of our base images are highly extendable, making them configurable for practically any application. This standardization not only provides uniformity; it also saves our users bandwidth and storage by having each of our images share their base layers. Regular Updates Our build pipeline has been completely redesigned and now provides our users with fast and effective updates for our images. When the upstream applications or application dependencies are updated, our images will automatically rebuild. This mechanism ensures our images remain as up-to-date as possible. Our new tagging system also provides users with clearer indications as to which application version a particular build encapsulates. First-class Documentation It is our belief that with a first-class fleet of images comes a first-class set of documentation. All of our images come with clear and thorough set-up guides. These can be found either on GitHub or our dedicated Documentation space . Further guides and opinion pieces can also be found on our blog. Support Our community is ever-expanding, and as such requires the best possible support when using our images. We provide first-hand support via our Discord server , as well as our Discourse forum . Whether new to LinuxServer, or a returning veteran there will always be someone available from the team, or the community itself to help you through any issues. Team Support Donate Mastodon LinuxServer.io System Light Dark Home Images Blog Docs Info Status Donate Support