This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential

KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe 2026 · 23-26 March · Amsterdam REGISTER NOW

 
English
Japan
China
Europe
Sign In
JOIN
Decentralized innovation.
Built on trust.

The Linux Foundation is a neutral, trusted hub for developers and organizations to code, manage, and scale open technology projects and ecosystems.

LEARN MORE
900
open source projects  
3M+
developers
trained  
777K
developers contributing code  
51M
lines of code
added weekly  
17K
contributing organizations  
70+
upcoming
events  
Meet our members.
Getting started is easy.
Become a Member

Supercharge the future of open technology. Shape the ecosystem, drive collaboration, and measure your contributions.

LEARN MORE
Host a Project

Enable your project to thrive in a neutral, trusted home, where we’ll help you scale your community with unmatched expertise, tools, and services.

LEARN MORE
Explore our projects.
Open Software
Open Hardware
Open Standards
Open Data

The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted home for developers to collaborate on open software projects. See all open software projects.

SEE ALL PROJECTS
Management & Best Practices

Discover the Linux Foundation projects and resources that accelerate open source strategy, management, and best practices.

Learn more.

Security

Report security vulnerabilities, find guidance on emerging threats, and quickly find the security resources you need from across the Linux Foundation.

Learn more.

Digital Trust

Discover LF projects enabling greater levels of trust in digital commerce and digital asset ecosystems.

Learn more.

Sustainability

Discover how LF projects are contributing to the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

Learn more.

LF EDUCATION
Live instructor learning is the gold standard
From Linux and Kubernetes to Cybersecurity, PyTorch, Rust, and more, we offer the expert-led courses you need.
SAVE NOW
KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe
23-26 March | Amsterdam, The Netherlands

The Cloud Native Computing Foundation’s flagship conference brings together adopters and technologists from leading open source and cloud native communities in Amsterdam, Netherlands from 23-26 March, 2026. Be a part of the conversation as CNCF Graduated, Incubating, and Sandbox Projects unite for four days of collaboration, learning, and innovation to drive the future of cloud native computing.

REGISTER NOW
2025 State of Tech Talent Report

In the 2025 State of Tech Talent Report, LF Research and LF Education dug into trends and challenges in key technical areas this year, including AI. The report is based on findings from a survey distributed to hiring and training managers across the LF community.

 

READ NOW
The latest from the Linux Foundation
NEWSROOM
ANNOUNCEMENT
Linux Foundation Announces the FAIR Package Manager Project for Open Source Content Management System Stability

Read more

ANNOUNCEMENT
Linux Foundation Wins Not-For-Profit and Education Team of the Year at 2025 World Trademark Review Industry Awards

Read more

ANNOUNCEMENT
Linux Foundation and OpenSSF Release Cybersecurity Skills Framework to Strengthen Enterprise Readiness

Read the post

Stay Connected with the Linux Foundation
First name
Last name
Email*

By submitting this form you are consenting to receive marketing emails about news, events, and training from the Linux Foundation. You can unsubscribe at any time by following the “Subscription Center” link included within such communications. For information on our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy. We do not sell your contact information to third parties.

ABOUT THE LINUX FOUNDATION

The Linux Foundation provides a neutral, trusted hub for developers to code, manage, and scale open technology projects.

About the LF
Leadership
Careers
Corporate Members
Inclusion & Accessibility
Brand Guidelines
Contact Us
Store
    

PROJECTS

View All Projects
Host Your Project
Security

NEWSROOM

Press Releases

LF RESEARCH

Latest Research
Sponsor a Study
Leadership & Advisory Board
Research Forum

LFX PLATFORM

LFX Home
LFX Tools
LFX Insights
Create an LFX Account

RESOURCES

Blog
Publications
Open Source Guides
Webinars
Case Studies

LF EVENTS

Home
Sponsor an Event
Submit a Talk
Code of Conduct

LF EDUCATION

Home
Course Catalog
Resources

Copyright © 2025 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For more information, including terms of use, privacy policy, and trademark usage, please see our Policies page. Privacy Policy | Trademark Usage