	
Welcome to the most active Linux Forum on the web.
Home	Forums	Tutorials	Articles	Register	Search 
 LinuxQuestions.org - where  Linux users come for help
	
User Name		Remember Me?
Password		


Notices

Welcome to LinuxQuestions.org, a friendly and active Linux Community.

You are currently viewing LQ as a guest. By joining our community you will have the ability to post topics, receive our newsletter, use the advanced search, subscribe to threads and access many other special features. Registration is quick, simple and absolutely free. Join our community today!

Note that registered members see fewer ads, and ContentLink is completely disabled once you log in.

Are you new to LinuxQuestions.org? Visit the following links:
Site Howto | Site FAQ | Sitemap | Register Now

If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please contact us. If you need to reset your password, click here.

Having a problem logging in? Please visit this page to clear all LQ-related cookies.

Get a virtual cloud desktop with the Linux distro that you want in less than five minutes with Shells! With over 10 pre-installed distros to choose from, the worry-free installation life is here! Whether you are a digital nomad or just looking for flexibility, Shells can put your Linux machine on the device that you want to use.

Exclusive for LQ members, get up to 45% off per month. Click here for more info.






FAQ

Visit the most active Linux Forum on the web!

Q. How much is membership?
A. There is absolutely no cost associated with becoming a member.

Q. Do I HAVE to register?
A. No, but becoming a member does have its benefits.

Q. What are the benefits of registration?
A. - You cannot post without being a member.
- You become part of a community.
- You can give something back.
- You can subscribe to threads and receive email updates.

- The board keeps track of which threads you have read.
- Much More!

Q. Where do I signup?
A. Right here.

Q. Do you have a sitemap?
A. Our sitemap


We Sponsor







» Search Forums
 
» Advanced Search
	
» Log in

User Name		Remember Me?	Not a member yet?
Register Now!
Password		
2021 LinuxQuestions.org Members Choice Award Winners
Feb 15, 2022 - 7:30 PM - by jeremy
The polls are closed and the results are in. We once again had some extremely close races (and multiple ties) and the large number of new categories this year certainly kept things interesting. Congratulations to each and every nominee. The official results:


Quote:
... [Read More]

 
26 Replies | 31,757 Views
2020 LinuxQuestions.org Members Choice Award Winners

Feb 17, 2021 - 12:36 PM - by jeremy
The polls are closed and the results are in. We once again had some extremely close races (including our first 3 way tie) and the large number of new categories this year certainly kept things interesting. Congratulations to each and every nominee. The official results:


Quote:
... [Read More]

 
36 Replies | 63,617 Views
2019 LinuxQuestions.org Members Choice Award Winners

Feb 12, 2020 - 12:19 PM - by jeremy
The polls are closed and the results are in. We once again had some extremely close races (including 2 ties) and the large number of new categories this year certainly kept things interesting. Congratulations to each and every nominee. The official results:


Quote:
... [Read More]

 
17 Replies | 86,523 Views
LinuxQuestions.org Turns Nineteen

Jun 26, 2019 - 3:20 PM - by jeremy
I'm proud to announce that LQ turned 19 yesterday! I’d like to once again thank each and every LQ member for their participation and feedback. While there is always room for improvement, that LQ has remained a friendly and welcoming place for new Linux members despite its constantly growing member-base and geographic distribution is a testament to the community.

To say that feedback has been absolutely critical to our success is an understatement. As has become tradition, I'd... [Read More]

 
69 Replies | 87,455 Views
2018 LinuxQuestions.org Members Choice Award Winners

Feb 12, 2019 - 1:07 PM - by jeremy
The polls are closed and the results are in. We once again had some extremely close races and the large number of new categories this year certainly kept things interesting. Congratulations to each and every nominee. The official results:


Quote:
... [Read More]

 
32 Replies | 108,139 Views
LinuxQuestions.org Turns Eighteen

Jun 25, 2018 - 8:46 PM - by jeremy
I'm proud to announce that LQ turned 18 today! I’d like to once again thank each and every LQ member for their participation and feedback. While there is always room for improvement, that LQ has remained a friendly and welcoming place for new Linux members despite its size is a testament to the community.

To say that feedback has been absolutely critical to our success is an understatement. As has become tradition, I'd like to use this thread to collect as much feedback as... [Read More]

 
64 Replies | 138,115 Views


  






All times are GMT -5. The time now is 10:18 AM.


Contact Us - Advertising Info - Rules - Privacy - LQ Merchandise - Donations - Contributing Member - LQ Sitemap -
	
Main Menu

Linux Forum
Search
LQ Tags
Linux Tutorials
LQ Deals
Linux Wiki
Download Linux
Social Groups
LQ Blogs
(Con't)
Advertisement
Advertisement
My LQ

Login
Register
Write for LQ
LinuxQuestions.org is looking for people interested in writing Editorials, Articles, Reviews, and more. If you'd like to contribute content, let us know.
Main Menu

LQ Calendar
LQ Rules
LQ Sitemap
Site FAQ
View New Posts
View Latest Posts
Zero Reply Threads
LQ Wiki Most Wanted
Jeremy's Blog
Report LQ Bug
Syndicate
  Latest Threads
  LQ News

Twitter: @linuxquestions

Open Source Consulting | Domain Registration


