London Internet Exchange | LINX Next Event: NetMcr Search Quick Facts Stats Member Portal Search Open Nav About Solutions Services News and Events Resources Contact Us About Join LINX Our Network Our Partners Meet Our Members Public Affairs Governance Policies Affiliations Solutions Increased Control Lower Network Costs Lower Latency Network Security Redundancy Resilience Services Peering Cloud Connect Closed User Group DDoS Mitigation Microsoft Azure Peering Service Private VLAN Colocation Service Fees News and Events News Events LINX Event Sponsorship LINX Newsletter Resources Learn With LINX Case Studies Reports Network Statistics Technical Blog LINX Marketplace Contact Us Vacancies Interconnectivity Starts With LIN X Our internet exchange company has approximately 900 members in our community which spans all major cloud, data communications, telecommunications, financial, and enterprise companies across more than 75 countries worldwide. Join LINX LINX Network Solutions While LINX is known for its robust, reliable and extensive peering network, our service goes much further. We offer a growing number of interconnection services, colocation in world-leading data centres, and extensive guidance and support to new members looking to interconnect. Let's discuss the perfect solution for your network performance. Increased Control Resillience Security Lower Costs Lower Latency Redundancy Why LINX? For over 30 years, LINX has helped connect thousands of organisations with their partners, suppliers, and customers through our peering network. Optimise Your Network Performance Connect to the platforms that matter most to your business. Improve performance, reduce latency, and gain greater control over your network with LINX. Take a Look Peering and More LINX interconnection services range from colocation to peering, private interconnection and cloud solutions including the exclusive Microsoft Azure Peering Services (MAPS). Find Out More LINX in Africa Connect to LINX's interconnection hubs in Accra, Mombasa, and Nairobi, for fast, reliable performance, lower latency, and to strengthen local and regional connectivity with a single, scalable platform. Take a Look Our Network With over 950 ASNs connecting from over 80 different countries worldwide, members of LINX network have access to direct routes from a large number of diverse international peering partners. Find Out More Latest News 11th December 2025 LINX Expands Connectivity Options via Equinix Fabric By Lynsey Buckingham The London Internet Exchange (LINX) is excited to announce a new way for networks to connect to their interconnection... Read More 25th November 2025 CSquared Joining LINX Accra, Strengthening Ghana’s Role as a Digital Gateway for West Africa By Lynsey Buckingham CSquared, a pan-African technology company committed to digitally connecting Africa, has officially applied to join LINX Accra, the newly... Read More 12th November 2025 iColo Backs the LINX and Asteroid Co-operative Agreement – For the Good of the Internet in Kenya By Lynsey Buckingham iColo: A Digital Realty Company, a strategic data center partner for the London Internet Exchange (LINX) in Africa has... Read More 5th November 2025 LINX Launches New Bandwidth for Increased Member Flexibility By Lynsey Buckingham The London Internet Exchange (LINX) is delighted to announce the launch of new bandwidth availability for their peering services... Read More View All News About History of LINX Join LINX LINX Policies Vacancies Products Peering Private Interconnect Colocation LINX Cloud Connect Resources Learn with LINX Glossary Case Studies Reports Technical Blog LINX Marketplace Contact Head Office The London Internet Exchange Ltd 2nd Floor, Trinity Court Trinity Street Peterborough PE1 1DA Tel No: +44 1733 207700 Fax: +44 1733 207729 London Office The London Internet Exchange Ltd WeWork 17 St Helen’s Place London EC3A 6DG Tel No: +44 20 7645 3500 Fax: +44 20 7645 3529 © 2025 LINX. London Internet Exchange Ltd. Registered in England and Wales: 3137929 Privacy Policies Email hello@linx.net support@linx.net Call PBO +44 1733 207700 LDN +44 20 7645 3500