Review and Ratings Management Software | Drive Real Results Close Products Real Reviews™ by Lipscore Product Reviews Get 2–4x more stars and verified product reviews to build trust and increase sales Service Reviews Understand and improve the shopping experience with verified service reviews Lipscore Analytics Turn verified customer feedback into actionable product and service insights Integrations Learn more Customers Our Customers Case Studies Real stories of impactful feedback and results Customer Quotes Hear what our customers say about us References How clients boost response rates with Lipscore Real Results with Lipscore 27.8% customer response rate See how GANT strengthened customer loyalty and increased their response rate See more 5x increase in feedback rate Learn how Bagbrokers increased their response rate from 2.5% to 13.6% See more Pricing Resources Learn Compare Discover why brands move to Lipscore from platforms like Trustpilot, Yotpo, and Judge.me News Clips & Events Stay up to date with the latest news, events, and media coverage Lipscore Blog Explore tips and insights on the value of authentic reviews and ratings Support Contact Sales Learn how Lipscore can help you generate more ratings and reviews Help Centre Find answers, how-to guides, and direct support from our team Partners & Integrations See how Lipscore works with your e-commerce and agency partners Company About Us Learn about our history, team, and what drives us. Local Offices Find and connect with our offices around the world. Real Reviews™ Book a Demo Log in Book a demo Real Reviews from Real Customers . Verified feedback at scale — more ratings, real reviews, and insights that drive growth. Book a demo Try interactive demo Product Reviews . Get up to 4x more ratings and verified product reviews through Lipscore’s frictionless process that builds trust and drives sales. Explore more Service Reviews . Collect verified service feedback with high-response reviews that deliver insights across every step of the customer journey. Explore more What our brands are saying Customer Case Studies . Explore how leading brands use Lipscore to turn customer feedback into growth. Scroll down and get inspired by their experiences. The Kappahl Success Story An innovative approach to feedback that helped Kappahl increase their review volume by 27% in just five months. Read more How Scorett Reduced Returns Verified Customer Feedback What happens when Scandinavia’s leading shoe retailer combines real customer voices with cutting-edge review technology? Scorett’s transformation story shows how verified insights became a powerful engine for e-commerce growth. Read more STIGA Sports Boosts Response Rates with Lipscore Since partnering with Lipscore, STIGA Sports has increased their customer feedback response rate from 2.8% to an average of around 10% across multiple markets. Read more why choose lipscore The Lipscore Advantage . Lipscore is the only review platform built to maximize response rates and deliver verified feedback from real customers. With unmatched transparency, flexibility, and support, Lipscore helps you build trust, grow sales, and make smarter decisions. Best Response Rate Lipscore achieves industry-leading response rates by allowing shoppers to leave a rating without writing a review (19.7% for ratings, 5.5% for reviews, January 2025). Verified-Only Reviews Only verified buyers can leave reviews, ensuring compliance with EU laws and protection against fake feedback. Multi-Channel Feedback Collect insights from both online and in-store customers to understand the full shopping experience. Seamless Integrations Lipscore integrates with all major e-commerce platforms and leading agencies for quick implementation. Industry-Leading Support Our Customer Success Team helps you implement, optimize, and grow with Lipscore — every step of the way. Ownership of Reviews You own all your reviews, with full freedom to export data and switch platforms whenever you choose. Reviews on Your Domain Display all reviews directly on your site, keeping customers close to the “Buy” button and strengthening trust. Partners and integrations . Lipscore seamlessly integrates with all e-commerce solutions and partners with top agencies for quick and easy implementation. Learn More Real Reviews Update . Monthly updates with product news, best practices, and inspiration to grow your business. Navigation About Us Product Reviews Service Reviews Lipscore Analytics Request a Demo Real Reviews Legal Reviews Verified Reviews Pricing Resources The Lipscore Blog Customer Cases References Customer Quotes Compare News & Media Partners & Integrations Help GDPR Privacy Policy Help Center Sales: [email protected] Tech-support System Status Local Offices ©2025 Lipscore. All Rights Reserved. See Real Reviews in Action . Discover how Real Reviews by Lipscore can help you: Build trust with authentic customer feedback Boost sales through high-response rate reviews Enhance visibility with Google Rich Snippets Reach global audiences with automated translations Get more verified customer feedback than you ever thought possible. Book a demo to see how – no commitments, just valuable insights! Get the latest news, tips & resources. Straight to your inbox monthly.