Motor oils, additives and car care from LIQUI MOLY | LIQUI MOLY JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Wähle ein anderes Land oder eine andere Region, um Inhalte für deinen Standort zu sehen. Select another country or region to see content for your location. Seleccione otro país o región para ver el contenido de su ubicación. Selecteer een ander land of een andere regio om de inhoud van uw locatie te zien. Vælg et andet land eller område for at se indhold, der er specifikt for din placering. Voit katsoa paikallista sisältöä valitsemalla jonkin toisen maan tai alueen. Choisissez un pays ou une région pour afficher le contenu spécifique à votre emplacement géographique. Επίλεξε μια άλλη χώρα ή περιοχή, για να δεις περιεχόμενο σχετικό με την. Scegli il Paese o territorio in cui sei per vedere i contenuti locali. 別の国または地域を選択して、あなたの場所のコンテンツを表示してください。 Velg et annet land eller region for å se innhold som gjelder der. Escolha para ver conteúdos específicos noutro país ou região. Välj ett annat land eller område för att se det innehåll som finns där. Konumunuza özel içerikleri görmek yapmak için başka bir ülkeyi veya bölgeyi seçin. Chọn quốc gia hoặc khu vực khác để xem nội dung cho địa điểm của bạn Weiter Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go SKU: , PDF PDF Specifications: Specifications / Approvals: LIQUI MOLY recommends this product for vehicles or assemblies for which the following specifications or original spare part numbers are required: SKU Container contents Container type Informations Container contents: Container type: Show details Show details Tech tip Products Results Show details Show more Show details Vehicles Results Show more Learn More Learn More Popular search queries Top Tec 4200 5W-30 | Cera Tec | Oils | Additives | 5W-30 No results Oil guide Where to buy 0 0 Company Best Brand News Back Company News News Back News Dates Newsletter Career Career Back Career Current vacancies About us About us Back About us Responsibility Company history Sponsoring Sponsoring Back Sponsoring Motorsports Sports Winter sports Best Brand Design Manual Products Ölwegweiser Tips & Topics Back Products Product groups Product groups Back Product groups Additives Oils Engine Oils Gear Oils Greases Pastes Vehicle Care Service Products Repair Aids/ Service Products Workshop Pro-Line Accessories Adhesives & Sealants Areas of use Areas of use Back Areas of use Car Vintage cars E-mobility Motorbike/Quad/Kart Marine Airplane Bicycle Garden Camping Everyday helpers Additive guide Tips and topics New Products Molygen A/C system cleaning Search by approvals Classifications and specifications FAQ LIQUI MOLY app Workshop Services Find your nearest workshop Learn More Back Workshop Services Oil change Automatic transmission service Motor system cleaning Changing the coolant Windshield repair and replacement A/C system cleaning Corrosion protection Diesel particulate filter cleaning Brake fluid service Tire service Sales Partners Best Brand Learn More Back Sales Partners Workshop concepts Workshop concepts Back Workshop concepts Car glass installation Gear Tronic III Jet clean Tronic III Brake Fluid Tronic A/C system cleaning News News Back News Partner News Partner Newsletter Service Service Back Service Oil guide Trainings Media Center Online sales Press Press Learn More Back Press General press information Press releases Subscribe to press releases Contact for journalists Contact Contact Learn More Back Contact Contact us Contact form Social media collaboration request Newsletter Back International English Français Español العربية Select language Europe Back Europe Հայաստանի België Bosna i Hercegovina Bŭlgariya Srbija Czechia Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Great Britain Hrvatska Ireland Italia Kosovë Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Nederland Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România საქართველო Schweiz Slovenija Slovensko Suomi Sverige Albania Türkiye Ελλάδα Северна Македонија Монтенегро Україна Asia Pacific Back Asia Pacific Australia Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar New Zealand Nouvelle Calédonie Singapore Thailand Việt Nam Казахстан Киргизия ישראל ایران 中国 台灣 日本 대한민국 Americas Back Americas Ecuador Argentina Bolivia Brasil Chile Colombia El Salvador México Paraguay Perú Trinidad & Tobago Uruguay The United States, Canada and Puerto Rico Back The United States, Canada and Puerto Rico Canada USA Africa, Middle East and India Back Africa, Middle East and India Egypt South Africa International Back International English Français Español العربية Oil guide Where to buy Select language International English Français Español العربية All countries/languages FOR THE DRIVERS Learn more Win a trip to Formula 1® in Barcelona Fancy Oil Inclusive? More performance, more driving pleasure To the competition For oil change: LIQUI MOLY Need an oil change? We can do it! LIQUI MOLY fulfills your wishes and has the right motor oil for your car. Learn more New canister colors, proven quality Less is more Times are changing. And so are some of our oil cans. Means: fewer colors, even better orientation. Learn more Areas of use Everything that drives runs better with LIQUI MOLY ! Whether on land, at sea or in the air: We have the right products for every vehicle. Learn more 01 . FOR THE DRIVERS 02 . Oil Inclusive 03 . Oil change 04 . Less is more 05 . Areas of use Vehicle Selection Vehicle Search Search Search your vehicle Search Note: Find the right products for your vehicle What is a KBA number? KBA-Nr. until 2005 . KBA-Nr. from 2005 The KBA number, also known as the key number, is a unique number under which a vehicle type is registered with the Federal Motor Transport Authority. By searching via the KBA number, you can be sure that it is exactly your vehicle type. You will find the KBA number in fields 2 and 3 of the vehicle registration certificate or in the registration certificate part 1 under 2.1. and 2.2. Product groups Additives Oils Engine Oils Gear Oils Greases Pastes Vehicle Care Repair Aids/ Service Products Workshop Pro-Line News 12/27/2025 3min Chemical wear protection with Motor Protect One of our oil additives for significantly less wear and longer engine service life. Read more 12/24/2025 2min Edd China is convinced by LIQUI MOLY As a staunch fan and customer of our brand, cult wrench Edd China will show you succinctly how to extend the life of your vehicle with our products. Read more 12/18/2025 3min P-OAT Radiator Antifreeze: optimum choice for many vehicle models The radiator antifreeze fulfills important functions in the vehicle. There is a great variety of different products. We are now expanding our range with a P-OAT variant. But what’s behind this term and what role does radiator antifreeze play? Read more 12/18/2025 4min Our state-of-the-art oil production Constantly changing framework conditions and growing demands on modern lubricants require expertise all along the line. Read more 12/13/2025 6min Proven engine wear protection with Cera Tec What is Cera Tec and what needs to be considered when using it? We explain everything you need to know about how the oil additive works and how to use it correctly for optimum physical and chemical protection. Read more 12/11/2025 3min When the car makes noises: Searching for causes and solutions Noise in the car is often a warning signal – it can have harmless causes, but it can also indicate serious problems. Knowing the typical noises and responding correctly saves time, money and stress. Here you will learn how to identify the most common noises, what causes them and how you can eliminate them with the help of our products. Read more 12/10/2025 3min Clattering hydraulic tappets: causes, consequences and a solution Clattering hydraulic tappets can cause problems in the engine. If the problem is not taken care of, it can have far-reaching consequences. Read more A brand that moves and fills with enthusiasm Enthusiasm – the driving force behind all our thoughts and actions. Full range Over 4000 items in top quality from a single source Global brand Available in more than 150 countries around the globe Best Brand Multiple award winner in readers’ polls B2B For workshops Increase the success of your workshop with professional help. We support you with training, work materials and equipment. Work more efficiently Equip the workshop Simplify processes Market the workshop Use online marketing Learn more B2C For private customers LIQUI MOLY always offers practical tips, services and products that make your life easier. Click here for our guides and solutions that will will keep you one step ahead. Vehicle value retention Practical everyday helpers Latest events Useful problem solvers Current competitions Learn more Motor oils and additives Made in Germany Top quality thanks to research and development in Germany Motor oils and additives Made in Germany Top quality thanks to research and development in Germany Personal consulting Your contact partners will be happy to help you. Personal consulting We are happy to be there for you: Phone +49 731 1420-0 or via our contact form Assortment variety With over 4000 articles, one of the few full-range suppliers worldwide. Assortment variety One of the few full-range suppliers around the globe with over 4,000 articles from a single source Contact LIQUI MOLY GmbH Jerg-Wieland-Straße 4 89081 Ulm +49 731 1420-0 info@liqui-moly.de General Imprint Data privacy policy General Terms and Conditions Accessibility Statement Compliance Payment and shipping EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Foundations Ernst Prost Foundation Ernst Prost Foundation for Africa People for peace - peace for people Social Media LIQUI MOLY-App ©2025