LIQU.ID The Ideal Domain Management System for Your Registrar Toggle navigation product contact demo Registrar Software Indonesia The advanced in-house software for DNS & domain names management About us Liquid is a registrar software developed by JogjaCamp in 2014. It is designed to streamline
                                and enhance the management of registrar domain registrations. Liquid offers a robust and
                                efficient solution tailored. Liquid is designed to streamline and enhance your domain management processes, providing a
                                comprehensive suite of tools to handle registrations, renewals, transfers, and more with
                                ease. Our software is built on cutting-edge technology, ensuring high performance, security,
                                and reliability for your operations. Moreover, Liquid offers competitive pricing, so you can save on your costs and ensure you get
                                the best value for your investment. We believe that our software can significantly enhance
                                Your business value, improve your efficiency, and help you provide superior service to your
                                customers. Why Liquid? Innovative solutions for registrars Experience seamless DNS management, API integration for resellers, and compatibility with WHMCS, Blesta, and Box Billing. Protect your privacy with our Whois Privacy Protection, enjoy multi-currency support, and navigate easily with our customizable, mobile-friendly interfaces. Count on a maintenance-free system with automatic updates, secure SSL communication, and full compliance with ICANN standards. Want to know more? Get in touch with us Maintenance Free All maintenance and system updates will be supported by us. Up to date All new features will be automatically updated by us. DNS Management An easy-to-use and validated Name Server and DNS management panel is available. TLD Variations Compatible with Verisign, Neustar, Afilias, Public Internet Registry, Pandi, and dotASIA Registry. API for Reseller A Restful API is available, and easily connectable with other systems. Integration Integration modules with WHMCS, Blesta, and Box Billing are available. Security All data communication is done using secure SSL (HTTPS) protocols. ICANN Compliance Equipped with RDE (Registrar Data Escrow) to meet ICANN standards. Multi-Currency With Liqu.id, you can freely choose the type of currency to use for transactions. Whois Protection Liqu.id offers Whois Privacy Protection services. This service keeps domain contact information confidential by replacing the public domain information with the identity of the WHOIS database. Opsi pembayaran yang lengkap With Liqu.id, you can accept payments via credit card/PayPal/bank transfer. Unlimited level sub-reseller Liqu.id is software that can handle both resellers and sub-resellers as part of the domain sales system. Liqu.id can accommodate unlimited sub-reseller levels, allowing your resellers to have unlimited sub-resellers. Customizable Interface The design of the domain sales website (supersite) interface in Liqu.id can be customized according to your company’s needs. Mobile-Friendly Interface With Liqu.id, you don't need to worry about the website's appearance as it is designed to be mobile-friendly. 24-Hour Support With a commitment to service, we provide support services accessible via email or live chat 24 hours a day. Our Clients Contact us: Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Domain Volume: Details: Send PT JC Indonesia Jl. Mampang Prapatan 19C
                                Jakarta Selatan, 12790 Jl. Perintis Kemerdekaan 33
                                Yogyakarta 55161 Phone / WhatsApp : 0274-410063 / 0822 2334 2328 Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2015 Liqu.id | Registrar Software Indonesia