Give & Get Free Stuff - Listia.com Auctions for Free Stuff Listia Browse All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Cameras Cars, Vehicles & Parts Cell Phones Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Collectibles Computers & Networking Crafts Electronics Health & Beauty Holiday & Seasonal Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Movies & TV Shows Music & Instruments Pet Sporting Goods Toys & Hobbies Video Games & Consoles Other Stuff Rewards Store Popular Listings Featured Listings Login Sign Up How it Works SELL YOUR OLD STUFF. GET NEW STUFF YOU LOVE. Sign up with Facebook OR By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Give & Get Sell your unwanted items and get things you love in return Discover See what you can get on Listia with Points Learn More Earn More Rack up more Points for using Listia and for every item you sell Listia App Reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ The Newest Goods , December 31, 2025 22:41 Free Shipping 11 watching this Free Shipping 11 watching this Free Shipping 24 watching this Free Shipping 18 watching this Free Shipping 12 watching this Free Shipping December 31, 2025 13:00 Free Shipping December 31, 2025 13:39 Free Shipping January 07, 2026 02:00 Free Shipping 12 watching this Free Shipping January 02, 2026 19:48 Free Shipping January 06, 2026 19:52 Free Shipping Start With 50 PTS Free Over 10 Million Members Learn More 100% Guaranteed Protection Listia in the Spotlight: "Listia doesn’t charge a fee for transactions, so the "trades" are free..." "If you’re planning on cleaning out your closet, consider Listia your virtual personal assistant..." "More people than ever are going online and trading away their items..." "People are seeking out human connection in our day-to-day economic transactions..." "It seems like the sharing economy is one of the hottest trends in the tech startup world..." "[Listia] makes it easier to get rid of goods you don't want..." "Listia helps you trade in all the items you don't use anymore and are cluttering up your house..." "I see this as an accelerating trend..." "It’s getting more tempting to give away used goods on Listia..." "As new forms of currency evolve, they will significantly change how we interact online..." "[It] will be traded on the company’s listing marketplace, where you can "buy" it for free with Listia "currency"..." "There are no fees to buy or sell on the site..." "Fret not. There are some tried-and-true methods of simplifying your home..." "Jump on Listia and buy used goods from other members..." "Great place to buy and sell old video games, movies... as well as clothing and collectibles..." "A preferred destination for bargain hunters and those who wanted to declutter their lives." "Basically, you’re turning stuff you don’t want into stuff you do want, and it only takes a few clicks..." Follow Us: facebook twitter instagram pinterest Tweets by @Listia Connect Contact Member Support Listia Blog © 2025 Listia Inc. Company Press and News Listia Reviews PassCard Digital Collectibles Terms of Use Privacy Policy Notice of Collection of Info Do Not Sell My Info Notice of Financial Incentive Listia Marketplace How it Works Categories Listings by Category Listia Rewards Leaderboards Listia Assurance Policies