Listrak | Person-First Marketing Platform for Email, SMS & Web 2022 Holiday Playbook A planning guide from Listrak’s retail experts. Download Now Platform Platform Platform The power and functionality you need in a single platform to grow your business and engage your customers. Learn More Person-First Marketing Platform Listrak Data Platform Listrak Intelligence Journey Orchestration Experience Builder Reporting & Analytics Integrations Cross-Channel Messaging Email Marketing Mobile Marketing Push Notifications Product Recommendations Onsite Popups & Personalization Paid Media & Social Audiences Expert Services & Strategic Partnership Listrak Services Listrak’s client services are designed to accelerate growth, maximize ROI, and support your unique goals. Learn More Clients Clients Clients Listrak’s Customer Engagement Platform orchestrates cross-channel campaigns for Leading Retailers and Brands. Learn More Success Stories Listrak’s robust feature set and best-in-class service help clients accelerate their growth. G2 Recognition & Reviews Real client ratings have continually earned us accolades from G2. Peter Thomas Roth Clinical Skincare saw exponential results from better activating their Shopify data with Listrak. Company Company Behind the Brand Explore the latest news, events, and company updates—or get in touch. See how Listrak is making an impact across the industry. News & Events Contact Careers September 25, 2025 Listrak and Rivo Partner to Supercharge Retail Loyalty Programs November 12, 2025 LAFCO New York Partners with Listrak to Power ECommerce Expansion of its “Pink Paradise” Collaboration with The Colony Hotel Resources Resources Resources Check out the latest blog posts, whitepapers, episodes and more. Benchmarks: Quarterly Email & SMS Performance Track your performance in real time and turn insights into action. Access Now Guides and Reports Blog Videos Podcast Developers Stay ahead of the curve with this in-depth analysis exploring the latest trends, strategies, and performance benchmarks shaping today’s Big Box retail landscape. Access Now Shades of Light and Listrak, a partner since 2014, deliver personalized experiences that highlight curated home décor and lighting. Shop now during the Year-End Sale. Partners Partners Partners A rich ecosystem of trusted partners to ease your ecomm and tech integrations. Learn More Listrak + Shopify Partnership Ecommerce Platform Integrations Technology Partners Agency Partners UPS Alliance Partnership Interested in a Listrak Partnership? Contact Us Login Get Demo Login Get Demo Person-first marketing automation Seamlessly integrate data, identity, and cross-channel marketing to power hyper-personalized experiences. Drive growth, maximize efficiency, and deliver exceptional revenue results. Get a Demo Explore Platform Powering Leading Retailers & Brands Big Box Retail Insights Discover what’s shaping today’s retail landscape along with expert guidance to help you grow. Access Now Why choose Listrak? Relentless Focus on Revenue, Growth, and ROI Every feature, strategy, and innovation is built to drive measurable growth and revenue—helping brands increase customer engagement, maximize retention, and accelerate profitability. Truly Unified Cross-Channel Marketing Eliminate silos by seamlessly integrating data and identity across email, SMS, push, and web—giving marketers full control over the customer journey in a single, enterprise-grade platform. Translating Data into Action Don’t just collect data—activate it. AI-powered marketing automation turns insights into real-time, revenue-generating engagement strategies, keeping customers engaged and spending more. AI-Powered Precision and Personalization With Identity Resolution, Predictive Segmentation, and AI-driven Recommendations, you’ll deliver hyper-personalized experiences that increase conversions, improve retention, and drive measurable revenue. Retail Expertise and Strategic Partnership Listrak is more than a platform—it’s a partner. Our team of industry experts works as an extension of your team, providing strategic guidance, compliance expertise, and ongoing support to maximize marketing impact. Lifecycle Marketing & Retention at Scale Growth isn’t just about acquisition—it’s about customer lifetime value.  AI-driven lifecycle marketing keeps customers engaged beyond the first purchase, reducing churn and increasing repeat revenue. Streamlined Execution for Maximum Efficiency With an intuitive UI, pre-built automation workflows, and AI-powered insights, marketers execute campaigns faster, optimize results in real time, and scale seamlessly. Scalability to Support Business Growth Delivering billions of cross-channel messages through its owned infrastructure, ensures reliability, security, and unmatched scalability to support brands at any stage of growth. Compliance-First Approach As an industry leader in compliance, Listrak actively champions marketers’ interests—offering expert regulatory guidance and proactive solutions to help brands navigate evolving standards with confidence. “Having worked with the platform previously, I knew Listrak would level us up quickly and provide an immediate ROI.” -  Nicole Goldberg, 7 For All Mankind USA 46x Return on Ad Spend (ROAS) 25% of Total Ecommerce Revenue from Email See How They Do It 70% Active List Growth 23X Return on Ad Spend (ROAS) See How They Do It 107% Increase in Email Welcome Series Revenue 186% Increase in Triggered Revenue See How They Do It Insights and Resources Blog Ring in the New Year with Iconic Home Styles from Shades of Light Shades of Light and Listrak, a partner since 2014, deliver personalized experiences that highlight curated home décor and lighting. Shop now during the Year-End Sale. Read More Blog “Gifts that Give Back” for the Holiday Season GreaterGood curates gifts that do good around the world. Powered by Listrak’s personalized email marketing, the brand deepens relationships and drives repeat support to extend the impact of every gift. Read More Blog Simplifying Fragrance Discovery with Jomashop & Listrak Fragrance is a go-to gift when shoppers feel confident. Learn how Jomashop and Listrak simplify scent discovery for the holidays and year-round. Read More Seamless integrations, endless possibilities Explore our extensive directory of technology partners, offering easy connections with leading platforms to enhance your marketing automation potential. Explore Integrations Awarded by G2 and customer approved. “Extremely positive experience with continuing growth YOY!” -  Nicole O “Listrak has played a huge role in the ongoing success and growth of our company.” -  Shawn J “I wish all companies were like Listrak!” – Tessa R “Listrak is the leading application in the industry… The program works flawlessly and the support is AMAZING.” – Nick D “When support is needed, it is there! Couldn’t ask for a better partner.” – Sara L “Best marketing automation platform.” – Nikki B Accelerate your growth and maximize revenue Schedule a Demo Platform Listrak Data Platform Listrak Intelligence Journey Orchestration Experience Builder Reporting & Analytics Integrations Email Marketing Mobile Marketing Push Notifications Product Recommendations Onsite Popups & Personalization Paid Media & Social Audiences Platform Clients Success Stories G2 Recognition & Reviews Company News and Events Careers Contact Resources Guides and Reports Blog Videos Podcast Developers Partners Our Partners Become a partner Platform Platform Platform The power and functionality you need in a single platform to grow your business and engage your customers. Learn More Person-First Marketing Platform Listrak Data Platform Listrak Intelligence Journey Orchestration Experience Builder Reporting & Analytics Integrations Cross-Channel Messaging Email Marketing Mobile Marketing Push Notifications Product Recommendations Onsite Popups & Personalization Paid Media & Social Audiences Expert Services & Strategic Partnership Clients Clients Clients Listrak’s Customer Engagement Platform orchestrates cross-channel campaigns for Leading Retailers and Brands. Learn More Success Stories Listrak’s robust feature set and best-in-class service help clients accelerate their growth. G2 Recognition & Reviews Real client ratings have continually earned us accolades from G2. Company Company Behind the Brand Explore the latest news, events, and company updates—or get in touch. See how Listrak is making an impact across the industry. News & Events Contact Careers Resources Resources Resources Check out the latest blog posts, whitepapers, episodes and more. 2H 2025 Retail Outlook From Prediction to Performance: Data, Direction, and Tools to Finish the Year Strong. Retail Report Beauty Retail Report Fashion Retail Report Guides and Reports Blog Videos Podcast Developers Partners Partners Partners A rich ecosystem of trusted partners to ease your ecomm and tech integrations. Learn More Listrak + Shopify Partnership Ecommerce Platform Integrations Technology Partners Agency Partners UPS Alliance Partnership Copyright Notification Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Security Vulnerability Disclosure