AI Tools
Guides
Sign In
Sign up for A+
Everything you need for everything you read.
Use our guides to learn or teach any of the 3457 titles and topics we cover.
Browse Our Guides
Literature
Chapter-by-chapter summary & analysis, quotes, themes, characters, symbols, and more.
Poetry
Summary, themes, line-by-line analysis, poetic devices, form, meter, rhyme scheme, and more.
Literary Terms
Full definitions of each term with color-coded examples, followed by additional resources.
Shakescleare
The full play, poem, or sonnet alongside the modern English translation mapped by colors.
Recently added
Lit Guide
When You Reach Me
by Rebecca Stead
Miranda Sinclair is a middle-schooler growing up in New York City with her single parent, Mom, in the 1970s. In the fall of 1978, when Miranda is in sixth grade, an apparently mentally ill man, whom M
Lit Guide
Chimerica
by Lucy Kirkwood
A photograph is projected onstage. In it, a man in a white shirt carries shopping bags and stares down a line of tanks. This is the “Tank Man” photograph, an image that would become famous from the mo
Lit Guide
Family Matters
by Rohinton Mistry
In Bombay (now Mumbai), India, Nariman, who has Parkinson’s and osteoporosis, lives with his adult stepchildren Jal and Coomy. Coomy enforces rigid rules in the house that cause Nariman significant di
Browse 12 more
Literature, Explained Better
A more helpful approach
Our guides use color and the interactivity of the web to make it easier to learn and teach literature.
Every title you need
Far beyond just the classics, LitCharts covers over 2000 texts read and studied worldwide, from Judy Blume to Nietzsche.
For every reader
Our approach makes literature accessible to everyone, from students at every level to teachers and book club readers.
More than 50 million students, teachers,
parents, and readers use LitCharts.
2243
Literature guides
1037
Poetry guides
136
Terms & devices guides
All 41
Shakespeare translations
Upgrade to LitCharts 
Join over 350,000 LitCharts readers who have upgraded to get unlimited access to our premium content and tools.
AI tools
On-demand study help and teaching prep.


Quote explanations
Get the perfect quote, and understand it.


PDF Downloads
Download and print any of our guides.
Expert analysis
Take your reading to the next level.


Advanced search
Find exactly what you're looking for.


Plus much more
Quizzes, saving guides, requests, and more.
Learn about A+
Company
About Us
Our Story
Support
Help Center
Contact Us
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Request
LitCharts, a Learneo, Inc. business
Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved