All-in-One Email Marketing Platform | Tools to Drive Success Skip to main content Litmus Live is back February 11-12, 2026! 100% free + virtual. Get updates. Capabilities Capabilities Litmus is an all-in-one email marketing solution that helps you optimize and personalize every email to maximize your ROI and create exceptional brand experiences for every subscriber. Email Monitoring Email Design Email Building Email Personalization Email Testing Spam Testing Email Analytics Email Collaboration and Review AI & Emerging Email Technologies Why Litmus Create exceptional brand experiences for every subscriber. Learn more What's New Our latest updates to make your email marketing even more effective. Learn more Integrations Technology Integrations Litmus integrates seamlessly with your email service provider (ESP), code editor, and more. Technology Integrations Email Service Provider Litmus gives you a powerful set of tools to increase conversions and get more ROI from your ESP. Acoustic Campaign Adobe Campaign Standard Adobe Journey Optimizer Adobe Marketo Campaign Monitor HubSpot Klaviyo Mailchimp Oracle Eloqua Oracle Responsys Salesforce Marketing Cloud SAP Marketing Cloud Pricing Resources Email marketing content Elevate your email marketing with our expert insights, tips, trends, and tools. Resource Center Blog Ebooks and Reports State of Email Reports Convince Your Team Free Tools Leverage these free tools from Litmus to enhance your email marketing today. Email Client Market Share Templates Customers Thousands of brands across every size and industry trust Litmus to send better email, faster. Community Customer Success Stories Email Gallery Litmus Academy Help Center Events Join us at an upcoming event, conference, or view previous events on-demand. Upcoming Events Previous Events Litmus Live Company Company Here at Litmus, we help companies get more from their entire marketing mix by putting the most dependable channel—email—first. Our Story Careers News Partner With Litmus Co-Marketing With Litmus Contact Us Headquarters - Boston 675 Massachusetts Avenue, 10th Floor Cambridge, MA 02139 +1 (866) 787-7030 hello@litmus.com Silicon Valley 231 2nd Avenue San Mateo, CA 94401 London Floor 3, 9 Devonshire Square London EC2M 4YF Search Login Get started What can we help you find? Quick Links Dark Mode Central Spam and Deliverability Knowledge Center Mail Privacy Protection (MPP) Hub Email Templates State of Email Reports Email Personalization Handbook Getting Started With Litmus Why Litmus? Help Center Take the guesswork out of email marketing Stand out with easy-to-build personalized content like live polls and scratch offs Send with confidence after testing on 100+ email clients Reach subscribers where they expect– the inbox Get started 50% increase in conversion rate < 48 hours to find and fix a blocklisting error 50% decrease In review and approval time 68% decrease in email error rate 4.5 stars From 10,000 reviews on Everything you need to create memorable moments Litmus works alongside your ESP to help you create emails your subscribers will love. Build Personalize Test Monitor Deliver Analyze Build Easily create on-brand emails —without HTML skills—that sync with your ESP for convenient sending. Personalize Exceed your subscribers’ expectations with personalization tools the whole team can use in just a few clicks. Test Test every email as you build —including Dark Mode—and fix errors. Then save time by collecting all email reviews and approvals in Litmus so you can get emails out the door faster. Monitor Get alerted 24/7 to unexpected email issues —like broken links—that might result in poor subscriber experiences and costly issues. Then fix emails before they do. Deliver Say goodbye to getting stuck in the spam folder with tests against major spam filters, blocklists, and email validation. Get guidance to fix deliverability issues quickly. Analyze Understand your subscribers’ behavior better to improve future campaigns by viewing email performance data from multiple sources in one place. Email products from email experts Litmus works alongside other Validity products, like DemandTools and BriteVerify, to help you achieve marketing success from start to finish. It’s time to send better emails Join the 800,000+ marketers around the world who rely on Litmus. 50% less time spent testing emails. Take the stress out of hitting “send” Quickly preview your email in 100+ clients and devices and fix errors fast. 80% of users prefer buying from brands that personalize. Increase revenue with email personalization Drive ROI with no-code live polls, personalized images, countdown timers, and more. 2+ hours saved on review time for every email. Get time back with shorter review cycles Cut review time in half with a centralized place to collect feedback and approvals. New Helping you stay ahead of the competition with the newest email marketing tech Check out our recent product additions and feature improvements. See What’s New We’re here to help We try to make Litmus as easy to use as possible. But when you need a little extra guidance, our customer support team is ready to help. Support Email or chat with our friendly customer support team. Help Center Get started using Litmus, find answers to FAQs, and more. Academy Grow your email marketing skills with educational courses. A solution you can trust We maintain the highest levels of confidentiality, privacy, and security and give you enterprise-grade tools and features to safeguard your data. Essentials for email marketers Read, watch, or download the resources you need to become a better email marketer. Download the State of Email Report 2025 and learn what the future holds for email marketing. Read answers to FAQs around Dark Mode email, view code snippets, learn about different tools and tips, & download an all-encompassing “Dark Mode email” toolkit! Creating accessible emails that your entire audience can engage with is not optional in 2025—it’s required. Learn about accessibility’s impact on brands from two industry experts. Discover which email clients are the most popular. Test which Gmail category tab your email will appear under. Send a copy of your email, and within seconds we’ll show you where your users will read it. Learn how to design, write, and code emails that are accessible to all. Use actionable tips to create inclusive, impactful email experiences. BIMI is an emerging email standard to boosts your brand’s trust in the inbox. Learn what it is, why it’s important, and how to get started. Email is a marketer’s most powerful channel, but with one caveat: ensuring your emails are delivered to the right place in the inbox. Lay the groundwork for a solid foundation with our comprehensive guide on email deliverability best practices. Nothing is more frustrating than sending out an email with a broken button. Learn everything you need to know about bulletproof buttons in emails that work! All-in-one email marketing platform Create effective emails that make a lasting connection Get started Get in touch Email marketing made better Subscribe to our newsletter Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email Address (Required) Country (Required) Select a Country United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, the United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands By submitting the form, you are agreeing that you read and consent to our privacy policy. We may also contact you via email, phone, and other electronic means to communicate information about our products and services. You may opt-out or update your contact information previously provided to us, by following the instructions at https://www.validity.com/privacy-policy/ Privacy Policy (Required) I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Validity’s Privacy Policy https://www.validity.com/privacy-policy/ Marketing Opt In I want to receive marketing communications and offers from Validity. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time as described in the Validity’s Privacy Policy. Contact 675 Massachusetts Ave., 10th Floor Cambridge, MA 02139 +1 (866) 787-7030 hello@litmus.com Capabilities Why Litmus Email Design Email Building Email Personalization Email Testing Email Analytics Email Collaboration & Review Technology Integrations Resources Blog Events Ebooks & Reports Litmus Live Customer Success Stories Convince Your Team Templates Community What’s New Product Updates Roles & Industry By Role Designers & Developers Marketers Marketing Leadership By Industry Marketing and Ad Agencies Fashion Financial Services Retail and eCommerce Software & Technology Travel Casino and Sports Betting Company Our Story Careers News Support Contact Us Help Center System Status Trust Center © Litmus Software, Inc. 2005-2025. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service Litmus does not engage in the sale of customer data. View Information about CCPA/CPRA Compliance twitter facebook linkedin youtube-play instagram search envelope