Litmos: LMS & Corporate Training Solutions Skip to main content Client Login Client Support Products Best-in-class training across the enterprise LMS Training content Services Litmos AI Features AI Assistant AI/ML Video Assessments AI Playlists Content Authoring Tool External Training Instructor-Led Training (ILT/vILT) Integrations Gamified Learning Multilingual Learning Mobile Learning Reporting & Analytics Solutions Solutions by Use Case Compliance training Onboarding Customer Training Sales Training Employee Development View All Use Cases Solutions by Industry Financial services Healthcare Manufacturing Technology Construction View All Industries Litmos For Enterprise Mid-Market Small business View All Customers Customer experience Customer stories Reviews Lenny Awards For our customers Customer hub Support Pricing Resources Learning hub Blog Resource library Webinars & events Essential guides LMS 101 eLearning blueprint AI learning About We empower learning About Litmos Newsroom Careers Awards Find a partner Become a partner Free trial AI empowered learning The learning platform trusted by thousands of top-performing companies to empower employee, partner, and customer training. Free trial Live demo Over 4,000 companies use Litmos. Join us. Work smarter with Litmos solutions. Drive critical business outcomes and foster a culture of learning with Litmos. Make knowledge your competitive advantage with our award-winning AI learning management system, robust training library, and expert L&D services. Learning management made easy. Learn the way you love to learn. Deliver training across a variety of modalities to ensure you’re meeting learner needs and preferences. Simple setup, fast deployment. With numerous integrations and APIs, spend less time implementing and more time learning with Litmos LMS. AI Assistant and automation. Leverage AI to get more from your training. Our AI tools help you create simple rules to drive automation. Training content you can trust. Powerful in-platform AI content authoring. Build the SCORM training content you need with our simple yet powerful drag and drop AI content authoring tool. Training content for every situation. Whether you’re looking to meet compliance requirements or up-skill your workforce, you’ll find the training content that meets your need. Collect content from across the web. Create and curate additional engaging learning paths by easily embedding popular content from YouTube, podcasts, and more. A true partner in learning. On your mark, get set, learn. Get a head start on launching your learning platform with Litmos implementation services, and go from zero to learning in no time at all. Unlock the ROI of learning. Make better sense of how your learning program is driving business outcomes by leveraging Litmos learning analysts. Make our experts an extension of your team. Ease the effort of managing your LMS, so that you can focus on your team’s top priorities. Our team of experts is here to help. Drive business outcomes across your entire organization. Compliance Training Employee Development Onboarding Revenue Enablement Customer Training Member Training Build a culture of integrity with compliance training Protect your organization from risk and ensure compliance across your entire workforce. Litmos' LMS, with region-specific training courses, makes compliance easier, more cost-effective, and even engaging for your employees. Reduce risk Build a culture of integrity Report and measure results Improve business performance Learn more → Work smarter with impactful employee training and development Empower your employees to develop their skills, advance their careers, and drive your business forward. Join over 4,000 top-performing companies who trust Litmos to engage and retain their talent. Improve skills Support career growth Improve business performance Enhance employee satisfaction Learn more → Timely and relevant employee, partner, and customer onboarding Simplify onboarding for employees, partners, and customers with our all-in-one learning solution. Streamline your tech stack with an intuitive platform that accelerates time-to-value for everyone. Enhance new employee experience Reduce ramp for revenue teams Improve time to value for customers Increase efficiency with one solution Learn more → Rev up your revenue with impactful sales, partner, and CX training Unleash the full potential of your revenue teams – sales, marketing, and customer experience. Drive performance, engagement, and bottom-line growth with Litmos' comprehensive learning solution, trusted by thousands of top-performing companies. Improve skills, support re-skilling Engage revenue teams Improve business performance Support career growth Learn more → Lock in loyalty with impactful customer training Increase customer loyalty and retention with impactful training that strengthens their connection to your brand. Litmos' flexible, scalable platform delivers engaging customer training experiences that drive results. Engage customers with your brand Provide 24/7 access to product knowledge Improve customer satisfaction Monetize product content Learn more → Timely and relevant training to drive volunteer and member impact Engage and educate your members and volunteers anytime, anywhere, with Litmos. Our intuitive learning management system is the ideal solution for nonprofits and associations with remote or deskless members. Welcome and engage remote, deskless members Reduce risk, improve efficiency Improve engagement and performance Drive mission-driven training Learn more → Customers win with Litmos Learn how we work closely with our clients to design custom eLearning solutions that meet business goals and have a measurable impact on employees and learners. Based on 1000+ reviews on Capterra, G2 and GetApp 34,000+ courses completed since 2022. ⟶ $192k in savings for onboarding and training new employees ⟶ 99% confidence rate among volunteers. ⟶ Customer stories Best-in-class training across the enterprise LMS The #1 learning platform for the intelligent enterprise. Learn More ⟶ Training Content Build your own or leverage off-the-shelf content from Litmos, Go1, and more! Learn More ⟶ Services Services and support to drive your success and L&D know-how. Learn More ⟶ Integrations Integrate with the tools you already use: CRM, HRIS, ERP. Learn More ⟶ An award-winning LMS & content library Start a free trial 14-day Premier free trial Zero risk or obligation Flexible purchase options Get Started Contact sales Solutions by Use Case Company Newsroom Awards Customers Careers Customer portal Partner portal Products Products LMS Courses Services Enterprise Mid-Market Small business Features Features AI solutions Content authoring tool External training Gamification Multilingual learning Solutions Solutions Employee development Customer training Sales enablement Compliance training Onboarding training Resources Resources Blog LMS 101 eLearning AI learning Webinars © 2026 Litmos US, L.P. and affiliates. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions AI Principles Website Terms Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Statement Register for early access to Litmos Features Release Notes feedback " * " indicates required fields Please provide your email and indicate which domain(s) you'd like the new features enabled. Email * Maybe Later Close x