Matching PJs & Daywear for Babies, Kids & Adults | Bamboo Pajamas
– Little Sleepies Skip to content Click to view our accessibility statement or contact us with accessibility related questions Toggle pause/play 0 items are waiting in
                    your cart! - Checkout now Free shipping on US orders $25+ Free shipping on US orders $25+ Cart Featured New Baby & Toddler Kids Family Matching Little Sleepies Homepage Our Story Our Fabrics Account 0 0
                items in cart This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right
          arrow keys to navigate. Featured New Newborn Baby & Toddler Kids Family Matching Adult Characters Sale Best Sellers Currently Trending Winter Favorites Everyday in Play The Lovey Shop The Birthday Shop Back in Stock All New Arrivals Winter Favorites Marvel Spidey Sense Bao Buddies Ombre Cheery Checks Pixar Finding Nemo Disney & Pixar Cars Wild Zoo Petal Power Shop All New Arrivals The Newborn Shop Trending Swaddles Newborn Zippies Infant Gowns Newborn Separates Nursery & Accessories Bundled Gift Sets Bundle & Save! For New Moms Preemie Clothes Sleep Zippies Two-Piece PJ Sets Layette Swaddles Infant Gowns Cloud Blankets Nursery & More Play Bamboo Baby Clothes Boys Girls Everyday Essentials Bundle & Save Get 25% Off! Newborn The Newborn Shop Trending Newborn Zippies Newborn Separates Infant Gowns Nursery & Accessories Hospital Matching Moments Sleep Two-Piece PJ Sets Short Sleeve PJs Short Sleeve & Shorts PJ Sets Play All Daywear Boys Girls Everyday Essentials Bundle & Save Get 25% Off! Sibling Matching Mommy & Me Daddy & Me Full Family Matching Family Matching Bundler Women's Men's Family Matching Hospital Matching Moments Oversized Cloud Blankets® Finding Nemo Spider-Man Playtime With Pooh Bluey Shop All Characters Nursery & More Sleepyhead Loveys Cloud Blankets Sleepy Bags Sheets Hats & Headbands Bibs Boys Bodysuits Rompers Tops & Tees Joggers Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Shorts Girls Bodysuits Rompers Dresses Tops & Tees Bottoms Leggings Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Boys All Boys Clothing Joggers Tops & Tees Shorts Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Girls All Girls Clothing Dresses Tops & Tees Bottoms Leggings Rompers Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Women's Women's Pajamas Women's Nightgowns Women's Pajama Sets Women's Robes Mommy & Me Women's Tees This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
    keys to navigate. Bestsellers Gift Bundles On The Blog Baby Registry Shop by Print Signature Styles Our Fabrics Just Dropped This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
      keys to navigate. Our Story Our Fabrics Account Featured New Newborn Baby & Toddler Kids Family Matching Adult Characters Sale This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
    keys to navigate. Bestsellers Gift Bundles On The Blog Baby Registry Shop by Print Signature Styles Our Fabrics Just Dropped This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
      keys to navigate. Best Sellers Currently Trending Winter Favorites Everyday in Play The Lovey Shop The Birthday Shop Back in Stock All New Arrivals Winter Favorites Marvel Spidey Sense Bao Buddies Ombre Cheery Checks Pixar Finding Nemo Disney & Pixar Cars Wild Zoo Petal Power Shop All New Arrivals The Newborn Shop Trending Swaddles Newborn Zippies Infant Gowns Newborn Separates Nursery & Accessories Bundled Gift Sets Bundle & Save! For New Moms Preemie Clothes Sleep Zippies Two-Piece PJ Sets Layette Swaddles Infant Gowns Cloud Blankets Nursery & More Play Bamboo Baby Clothes Boys Girls Everyday Essentials Bundle & Save Get 25% Off! Newborn The Newborn Shop Trending Newborn Zippies Newborn Separates Infant Gowns Nursery & Accessories Hospital Matching Moments Sleep Two-Piece PJ Sets Short Sleeve PJs Short Sleeve & Shorts PJ Sets Play All Daywear Boys Girls Everyday Essentials Bundle & Save Get 25% Off! Sibling Matching Mommy & Me Daddy & Me Full Family Matching Family Matching Bundler Women's Men's Family Matching Hospital Matching Moments Oversized Cloud Blankets® Finding Nemo Spider-Man Playtime With Pooh Bluey Shop All Characters Nursery & More Sleepyhead Loveys Cloud Blankets Sleepy Bags Sheets Hats & Headbands Bibs Boys Bodysuits Rompers Tops & Tees Joggers Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Shorts Girls Bodysuits Rompers Dresses Tops & Tees Bottoms Leggings Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Boys All Boys Clothing Joggers Tops & Tees Shorts Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Boys Girls All Girls Clothing Dresses Tops & Tees Bottoms Leggings Rompers Sweaters & Hoodies Jackets Girls Women's Women's Pajamas Women's Nightgowns Women's Pajama Sets Women's Robes Mommy & Me Women's Tees Play Video Pause Video Shop The Newborn Capsule Play Video Pause Video Shop Zippies Shop Play Shop All Adult Close Drawer Little Updates Marvel Spiderman PJs are here! Swinging on to site for a limited time. Shopping Cart Close Cart Cart Your cart is empty Shop Our Bestsellers Customers Love These This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right
        arrow keys to navigate. Sweet Safari Zippy $36.00 Size: 6-9 months Add to Cart Around The World Crescent Zippy $36.00 Size: Preemie Newborn 0-3 months 3-6 months 6-12 months 12-18 months 18-24 months 2T 3T Add to Cart Desert Sunrise Zippy $36.00 Size: Preemie Newborn 0-3 months 3-6 months 6-12 months 12-18 months 18-24 months 2T Add to Cart Sunshine Zippy $36.00 Size: Micro Preemie Add to Cart This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
    keys to navigate. Bestsellers Gift Bundles On The Blog Baby Registry Shop by Print Signature Styles Our Fabrics Just Dropped This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use the previous and next arrow buttons or your keyboard left/right arrow
      keys to navigate. Close toast notification Little Sleepies Homepage Play/Pause Video Happy Holidays! We’ve loved sharing your moments this season. Wishing you comfort, joy, and the merriest matching! xo, Little Sleepies Five Star Faves These super-soft styles have earned their stars! Shop Bestsellers Winter Break Fun! Cozied up indoors or braving the chill, discover our faves Shop the Collection Baby's First Winter From the first snow to chilly morning snuggles, celebrate winter’s magical moments The Newborn Shop The Gift of Cozy Send it straight to their inbox and let them pick their faves. Shop Now Happy Holidays! We’ve loved sharing your moments this season. Wishing you comfort, joy, and the merriest matching! xo, Little Sleepies Five Star Faves These super-soft styles have earned their stars! Shop Bestsellers Winter Break Fun! Cozied up indoors or braving the chill, discover our faves Shop the Collection Baby's First Winter From the first snow to chilly morning snuggles, celebrate winter’s magical moments The Newborn Shop The Gift of Cozy Send it straight to their inbox and let them pick their faves. Shop Now Shop by Collection This is a carousel with multiple slides. Swipe or use keyboard L/R arrows to navigate. For Adventurous Days From recess fun to park playdates. And Cozy Nights Buttery soft & oh-so snuggly. Family Matching PJs Mix & match for magical memories. Gift Bundles Shop curated gifts with the sweetest savings. Discover More Discover More Explore Bestsellers Sleep Newborn Play This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use Next and Previous slide buttons, or your keyboard's left and      
          right arrow buttons, to navigate. Add 4.9 Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars 379 Reviews Disney Playtime With Pooh
        
        
          Zippy $40.00 Add Add 4.7 Rated 4.7 out of 5 stars 10 Reviews Limited Edition Frosty Fair Isle  
        
        
          Two-Piece Pajama Set $38.00 Add Add 4.4 Rated 4.4 out of 5 stars 12 Reviews Limited Edition Petite Petals
        
        
          Two-Piece Pajama Set $38.00 Add Add 4.8 Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars 139 Reviews Signature Desert Sunrise 
        
        
          Zippy $36.00 Add Shop Sleep This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use Next and Previous slide buttons, or your keyboard's left and      
          right arrow buttons, to navigate. Add 4.9 Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars 30 Reviews Newborn Capsule Sweet Safari
        
        
          Zippy $36.00 Add Add Newborn Capsule Willow
        
        
          Ribbed Infant Beanie $12.00 Add Add 4.8 Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars 20 Reviews Newborn Capsule Tiny Blooms
        
        
          Ruffle Mini Cloud Blanket® $54.00 Add Add 5.0 Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars 15 Reviews Newborn Capsule Rosewood
        
        
          Ribbed Ruffle Zippy $36.00 Add Shop Newborn This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use Next and Previous slide buttons, or your keyboard's left and      
          right arrow buttons, to navigate. Add 4.8 Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars 728 Reviews Limited Edition Ombre Cheery Checks
        
        
          Crewneck Sweatshirt $36.00 Add Add 5.0 Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars 1 Review Limited Edition Snowy Leopard 
        
        
          Bubble Romper $34.00 Add Add 4.9 Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars 453 Reviews Limited Edition Slam Dunk
        
        
          Zip Hoodie $42.00 Add Add Limited Edition Ollie Stripe 
        
        
          Raglan Tee $22.00 Add Shop Play Winter Favorites Comfy picks for chilly days and cozy nights. Explore “…eczema-friendly, sensory-friendly…and even contain UPF 25 coverage.” “A few middle-of-the-night diaper changes will quickly recruit you to Team Zippered PJs” "Fans of Little Sleepies will be the first to tell you that their babies and toddlers seem to fit into their pajamas forever." “I swear they are magical — they somehow have fit so much longer than any other baby or toddler clothing I’ve purchased." Pause icon Play icon the newborn capsule discover the sweetest newborn styles explore now the newborn capsule discover the sweetest newborn styles explore now The LS Life @littlesleepies  #littlesleepies Shop This Look Shop This Look "My kids live in their little sleepies! They are super comfortable and can be dressed up or down!" Shannon C. Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look "Amazing!!! I will forever recommend little sleepies, the two zippers, & the fold over mittens for the hands & feet are so convenient & cozy!" Harlie G. Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look "I love the softness and quality of the material and i love how they grow with my great granddaughter." Sharon F. Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look Shop This Look “I found little sleepies when my first baby was born, but did not purchase until I was pregnant with my second. Now I’m completely obsessed.” Mallory M. Shop This Look Shop This Look Designed to make every moment cozier. Breathable fabric that's gentle on sensitive skin. With moisture wicking and UV protection properties. Buttery soft for year-round snuggles. Better by Design, Softer by Nature We don’t just choose fabrics — we create them. By innovating exclusive blends, we deliver cloud-soft comfort and everyday durability designed to move with your family from playtime to sweet dreams. Learn More Clementine the Cat Bowie the Bear So Much to Lovey The prints you love in huggable blankets. Each has a story to tell, along with games and printables. Explore Loveys Emmy the Elephant Echo the Owl Clementine the Cat Bowie the Bear Emmy the Elephant Echo the Owl Turbo the Race Car For the Softest Start Prepare for baby with snuggly soft, fuss-free essentials you'll both love. The Newborn Shop For the Softest Start Prepare for baby with snuggly soft, fuss-free essentials you'll both love. The Newborn Shop The Cozy Corner New Parenting Hacks Style Guides Community Behind the Design Family Fun Holidays This is a carousel with multiple slides. Use Next and Previous slide buttons to navigate. Community Holidays Little Sleepies Our Top 10 Little Sleepies Moments of 2025 Read More Family Fun Holidays Family-Friendly Ways to Ring in the New Year Together Read More Holidays Little Sleepies Parenting Hacks How to Host a Holiday Party Like a Hollywood Producer Read More Community Holidays Little Sleepies Team LS Shares: What We’re Grateful for This Year Read More Family Fun Holidays Parenting Hacks Your Guide to Family Matching for the Holidays Read More Community Holidays Naughty, Nice & Thankful: America’s Naughty or Nice Index Read More Parenting Hacks Pregnancy And Beyond A Month-by-Month Guide to Your Baby’s First Year Milestones Read More Little Sleepies Parenting Hacks The Best Fabric for Eczema: Why Bamboo Viscose Works Read More Family Fun Parenting Hacks 3 Kid-Friendly Fall Recipes Your Family Will Love (That Won’t Destroy Your Kitchen) Read More Family Fun Holidays Parenting Hacks Baby’s First Halloween: Tips for a Sweet and Stress-Free Celebration Read More Visit the Blog Welcome to the LS Fam Pause icon Play icon Join our VIP Community! The official group for customers and fans to get the inside scoop on everything Little Sleepies. Early access to new drops Giveaways VIP discounts Connect with other parents Join Now Pause icon Play icon Play/Pause Video Get inspired on TikTok Follow Us Every Purchase Gives Back At Little Sleepies, we feel strongly about giving back to those in need. That is why we are proud to donate a portion of all profits to Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation, an organization we greatly admire. Discover more Pause icon Play icon Sweet dreams for your inbox Be the first to hear about new releases, sales, and receive a discount on your first order! your email Sign Up Dream. Play. Repeat. Shop New Trending Now Zippies Two Piece Sets Play Family Matching Bamboo Baby Clothes Gift Cards Shop All About Us Our Story Join Our VIP Group Blog Careers Reviews Our Fabrics Accessibility Customer Care Contact Us Returns & Exchanges FAQ Sizing Chart Shop New Trending Now Zippies Two Piece Sets Play Family Matching Bamboo Baby Clothes Gift Cards Shop All About Us Our Story Join Our VIP Group Blog Careers Reviews Our Fabrics Accessibility Customer Care Contact Us Returns & Exchanges FAQ Sizing Chart Link to Little Sleepies Instagram Link to Little Sleepies Tiktok Link to Little Sleepies Facebook Link to Little Sleepies Pinterest Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Preferences Accessibility © 2025 Little Sleepies ${{amount}}