University of Liverpool Skip to main content Close Search Find courses, people, research, information and more. Please ignore What types of page to search? All Courses Academic staff News Events Search Popular pages: Undergraduate Postgraduate PhD Accommodation Research International students Alternatively use our A-Z index . Select campus: UK China India Online Home Menu Menu Study Open Study menu Student life Open Student life menu Research and innovation Open Research and innovation menu Global Open Global menu About us Open About us menu Close Back Study View all courses Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Continuing education Continuing professional development Online learning International Global opportunities XJTLU The XJTLU partnership Paying for your studies Tuition fees Scholarships and bursaries Loans and grants Graduation Widening participation Visit us In-person Online events Virtual tour Contact us Term dates and semesters Close Back Student life Life on campus Facilities Library Study areas Food and drink Events Life in Liverpool Why choose Liverpool? Getting to Liverpool Getting around Liverpool Accommodation Find accommodation Life in halls Guild of Students Sport at Liverpool Student support Mental health and wellbeing Visas and immigration Book an appointment Careers Welcome week Money advice Managing your money Close Back Research and innovation Research frontiers AI for life Infection resilience Materials discovery Particle physics Therapeutics innovation Interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainability Research Explore our research Find a research unit Find a researcher Facilities and equipment Our impact Research excellence framework (REF) Business and collaboration Collaborations and partnerships Enterprise: Collaborate with us Consultancy Contact us Postgraduate research Doctoral Training Fellowships Research environment Researcher support Research news Original Ideas podcast Close Back Global Liverpool Partnerships Strategic partners Global networks Transnational education partners Collaborate with us Global study opportunities Study abroad Study in Liverpool Study in China Study in India Achievements and rankings Our global city Sustainability Our global team Leadership team Global contacts Our global community Close Back About us The University Our history Strategy and vision People and culture Rankings and reputation Reports, policies and governance documents Our structure Work at Liverpool Our city, our inspiration Discover Liverpool Our commitment to the Liverpool City Region Professional Services IT Services Human Resources Legal Our campus Campus facilities Libraries Sports facilities Sustainability Equality, diversity and inclusion News Events Hire an event space Visit us Museums and Collections Getting here Maps Car parking Contact us News Jobs Donate A-Z Alumni Staff Students Search the site University of Liverpool Liverpool Scholarships From September 2026, we're proud to offer our prestigious Liverpool Scholarships, worth up to £7,000, to support outstanding international master's students. Discover master's scholarships Find your course Search Course level All courses Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Courses by A-Z Courses by subject Discover the University of Liverpool We are the University of Liverpool. Located at the heart of a thrilling world city, we are a dynamic institution of academic excellence and innovation, making a positive impact across the United Kingdom and the wider world. Since 1881, we've been at the forefront of world-class research and education, known for our cutting-edge facilities and relentless pursuit of excellence and achievement. Find out how you can be part of our vibrant community and explore the work we’re doing with our famous home city. Learn about us Liverpool: Our city, our inspiration Study with us Discover endless possibilities. We offer a range of courses with support and expertise to help you succeed in your future career. Find your perfect course, explore our subject areas or discover everything you need to know about studying with us. Undergraduate Master's Postgraduate research Continuing Professional Development International students Undergraduate open events Meet us online at our Undergraduate Online Open Week to find out more about studying a degree at Liverpool. Book your place Discover Liverpool in India Applications are now open for our campus in Alembic City, Bengaluru. Find out more about our new campus, which will strengthen existing partnerships, build new connections and bring our world-class teaching and research to India. Find out more Our rankings and reputation World Top 150 QS World University Rankings 2026 places us in the Top 150 global universities. We've moved up to 147th in the world, climbing 43 places in the last 3 years and up from 165th in the 2025 rankings. Teaching Gold Our teaching is rated Gold, the highest level, by the Teaching Excellence Framework. 18th in the UK We've climbed 5 places to 18th in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026. World Top 150 We’re ranked in the top 150 universities globally in the Times Higher Education World University rankings. Explore our rankings and reputation Lightbulb moments at the VG&M The Lightbulb moments exhibition explores the origins of some of the city’s most remarkable discoveries, innovations, and insights. Visit the exhibition and explore over 150 objects from the collections of the University and The National Archives. Find out more Our research: Transforming lives, changing the world Discover how our research is making a difference all over the world. As a founding member of the Russell Group, research is the driving force behind our success, tackling real-world challenges to have a positive impact on society and the world around us. Research frontiers Learn more about our research frontiers and how we're driving innovation in materials discovery, particle physics, therapeutics innovation, AI for life, and infection resilience to build a better future. Interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainability Research Explore our new Interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainability Research and find out how we're utilising a variety of skills and knowledge to find new developments in sustainability research. Our impact 91% of our research is ranked world leading or internationally excellent (REF 2021). Find out how our researchers are improving the world we live in every day. Explore our research Discover a vibrant student life in Liverpool Enjoy a fantastic student experience when you study with us. Explore the Guild of Students, learn more about what’s happening in our amazing home city and discover your accommodation options. Student life at Liverpool Why choose Liverpool? Find your accommodation We're making an impact across the globe We’re proud to be part of a global community, where collaboration drives our success and impact across the world. Find out more about our commitment to global engagement and how we’re making a difference to the world. Explore our global partnerships Work with us Latest news Read more news Upcoming events See more events Website footer The Original Redbrick Information for Current students Current staff Prospective students Businesses and partners Researchers Media Study at Liverpool Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Postgraduate research Online courses CPD Continuing education International students Quick links Jobs at Liverpool Library Sport at Liverpool Find a researcher Alumni Our departments and faculties All subjects Contact us University of Liverpool Foundation Building Brownlow Hill Liverpool L69 7ZX Telephone +44 (0) 151 794 2000 Contact us Maps and directions Visit us Part of the Russell Group University of Liverpool on Facebook LivUni on Instagram LivUni on YouTube University of Liverpool on LinkedIn @liverpooluni on TikTok @liverpooluni.bsky.social on Bluesky livuni on Threads Accessibility Freedom of information Cookie information Data Protection Modern slavery statement Terms and Conditions Charitable status © University of Liverpool