This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
Cookies enhance your browsing experience by ensuring necessary functionality and personalising your visits based on your preferences.

For more information, see Cookie Information.

I Accept CookiesI Do Not Accept Cookies
Necessary Cookies

Necessary cookies are essential for the website to work correctly, enabling core features.

Analytical Cookies

Analytical Cookies allow us to measure and improve site performance and user experience by collecting information on how you interact with our website.

Analytical Cookies
On
Off
Marketing Cookies

Marketing Cookies help us deliver tailored advertising campaigns on partner sites.

Marketing Cookies
On
Off
Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies enhance your browsing experience by enabling features like personalisation and remembering your site preferences.

Functional Cookies
On
Off
Skip to main content
Select campus:
UK
China
India
Online
Home
Open
Study 
menu
Open
Student life 
menu
Open
Research and innovation 
menu
Open
Global 
menu
Open
About us 
menu
News
Jobs
Donate
A-Z
Alumni
Staff
Students
 Search the site
LIVERPOOL SCHOLARSHIPS

From September 2026, we're proud to offer our prestigious Liverpool Scholarships, worth up to £7,000, to support outstanding international master's students.

Discover master's scholarships
Find your course
Search
Course level
 Undergraduate
 Postgraduate taught
 Postgraduate research
Courses by A-Z
Courses by subject
Discover the University of Liverpool

We are the University of Liverpool. Located at the heart of a thrilling world city, we are a dynamic institution of academic excellence and innovation, making a positive impact across the United Kingdom and the wider world.

Since 1881, we've been at the forefront of world-class research and education, known for our cutting-edge facilities and relentless pursuit of excellence and achievement. Find out how you can be part of our vibrant community and explore the work we’re doing with our famous home city.

Learn about us
Liverpool: Our city, our inspiration
Study with us

Discover endless possibilities. We offer a range of courses with support and expertise to help you succeed in your future career. Find your perfect course, explore our subject areas or discover everything you need to know about studying with us.

Undergraduate
Master's
Postgraduate research
Continuing Professional Development
International students
Undergraduate open events

Meet us online at our Undergraduate Online Open Week to find out more about studying a degree at Liverpool.

Book your place
Discover Liverpool in India

Applications are now open for our campus in Alembic City, Bengaluru. Find out more about our new campus, which will strengthen existing partnerships, build new connections and bring our world-class teaching and research to India.

Find out more
Our rankings and reputation
World Top 150

QS World University Rankings 2026 places us in the Top 150 global universities. We've moved up to 147th in the world, climbing 43 places in the last 3 years and up from 165th in the 2025 rankings.

Teaching Gold

Our teaching is rated Gold, the highest level, by the Teaching Excellence Framework.

18th in the UK

We've climbed 5 places to 18th in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026.

World Top 150

We’re ranked in the top 150 universities globally in the Times Higher Education World University rankings.

Explore our rankings and reputation
Lightbulb moments at the VG&M

The Lightbulb moments exhibition explores the origins of some of the city’s most remarkable discoveries, innovations, and insights. Visit the exhibition and explore over 150 objects from the collections of the University and The National Archives.

Find out more
Our research: Transforming lives, changing the world

Discover how our research is making a difference all over the world. As a founding member of the Russell Group, research is the driving force behind our success, tackling real-world challenges to have a positive impact on society and the world around us.

Research frontiers

Learn more about our research frontiers and how we're driving innovation in materials discovery, particle physics, therapeutics innovation, AI for life, and infection resilience to build a better future.

Interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainability Research

Explore our new Interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainability Research and find out how we're utilising a variety of skills and knowledge to find new developments in sustainability research.

Our impact

91% of our research is ranked world leading or internationally excellent (REF 2021). Find out how our researchers are improving the world we live in every day.

Explore our research
Discover a vibrant student life in Liverpool

Enjoy a fantastic student experience when you study with us. Explore the Guild of Students, learn more about what’s happening in our amazing home city and discover your accommodation options.

Student life at Liverpool
Why choose Liverpool?
Find your accommodation
We're making an impact across the globe

We’re proud to be part of a global community, where collaboration drives our success and impact across the world. Find out more about our commitment to global engagement and how we’re making a difference to the world.

Explore our global partnerships
Work with us
Latest news
17 DECEMBER 2025
Liverpool Professor awarded prestigious women’s health medal

Professor Thangaratinam, has become only the second woman to receive the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists’ prestigious Eardley Holland Medal.

16 DECEMBER 2025
2025 Review of the Year
29 DECEMBER 2025
MBE for University’s Professor Paul May
16 DECEMBER 2025
Five years of improving lives through data innovation in Liverpool City Region
Read more news
Upcoming events
TAGS
WEBINAR
28 JANUARY 2026
Liverpool Leaders Dinesh Sharma: From Start-ups to Global Giants — Lessons in Leadership and Innovation
TAGS
SEMINAR
29 JANUARY 2026
Jayden Gittens - 'Characterising the tumour microenvironment of liver metastasis'
TAGS
SEMINAR
05 FEBRUARY 2026
Professor Melanie Bailey - 'Progress towards sub-cellular multiomics'
See more events
Website footer
Information for
Current students
Current staff
Prospective students
Businesses and partners
Researchers
Media
Study at Liverpool
Undergraduate
Postgraduate taught
Postgraduate research
Online courses
CPD
Continuing education
International students
Quick links
Jobs at Liverpool
Library
Sport at Liverpool
Find a researcher
Alumni
Our departments and faculties
All subjects
Contact us
University of Liverpool
Foundation Building
Brownlow Hill
Liverpool
L69 7ZX
Telephone
+44 (0) 151 794 2000
Contact us
Maps and directions
Visit us
Part of the
Russell Group
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Cookie information
Data Protection
Modern slavery statement
Terms and Conditions
Charitable status
© University of Liverpool