Support Solutions for Better Business Communications - LiveHelpNow Custom AI Chatbot Trained On Your Data Try Hue 1-877-548-3001 Sign in About Contact GET A FREE TRIAL SCHEDULE DEMO Solutions By Market Customer Support Contact Center AI Chatbots IT Help Desk By Use Case E-Commerce Improve CX. Grow Your Business. Higher Education Recruit and Support Students Self-Help Let Your Customers Help Themselves LiveHelpNow For Free For Startups From Startup To Big Time In No Time By Use Case 24 X 7 X 365 Never Miss a Chat Again SMBs Small to Midsize Business Solutions Workforce Management Effortless Shift and Time Tracking Call Deflection Waiting On Hold Is Extinct HIPAA Compliant Chat and Email Communications Patient Privacy. Our Priority. Products Live Chat Software ChatGPT Customer Service Software Help Desk Ticketing System Live Chatbot 2-Way SMS Texting FAQ Software 24/7 Live Chat Support Cloud Phone System Social Media Customer Support Customer Success Pricing Resources Blog Partner Program Agent Gamification Agent Test Ebooks Webinars Alliance Partners Recent Articles AI Knowledge Base Builders & Real-Time Agent Collaboration AI-Driven Ticket Prioritization: The Smarter Way to Manage Support Queues Why Every Business Needs a Cloud Based Phone System with Voice Analytics Support Product Support Integrations Downloads Developer/API Docs HEY, THERE! WE'RE CUSTOMER SUPPORT EXPERTS. WHAT ARE YOU INTERESTED IN? CUSTOMER SUPPORT Wave Goodbye To Agent Stress. Say Hello To Smiling Customers. Omnichannel support software that will give your team the tools to drive an amazing customer experience. Learn more CONTACT CENTER Turning Chaotic Contact Centers Into Happy Workplaces Omnichannel communications software that will provide the data and resources your agents need to delight your customers. Learn more HELP DESK Simplifying Help Desk Chaos. One Support Ticket At A Time. ​​Software that brings organization and efficiency to the busiest help desks through the power of innovative AI. Learn more AI CHATBOTS AI and Chatbots for Businesses of Any Size Answer 80% of your customer support questions with AI-powered solutions Learn more BOXES DON'T DEFINE ME Support Solutions For Modern Business Problems Comprehensive support solutions for teams of any size across any industry. Learn more 01 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 02 CONTACT CENTER 03 HELP DESK 04 AI CHATBOTS 05 BOXES DON'T DEFINE ME Tools For A Happy Team And Happier Customers Field customer inquiries, generate leads, and improve CSAT. Industry-leading tools to make life easier for your agents and your customers. Omnichannel Communication On Cruise Control Customers can chat in real-time from any device. Support Ticket Management Trouble shooting at its best and lightning fast. Self-Service Solutions Built For A Better Experience Life is short. Don't make your customer ask the same question twice. A Recipe For More Conversions And Higher Sales Build personal connections through AI-powered customer service to turn browsers into buyers. Schedule a Demo An Entire Team Wrapped Up Into One Tool Introducing Hue. Harness the power of AI technology to source answers using your Knowledge Base and other data sources to create lightning-fast and spot-on responses to your customers’ unique questions. AI Customer Support Automation of 24/7 customer support to take the pressure off of your agents and make their lives easier. Data Collection and Reporting A collection of real-time feedback and answers for easy to understand analytics for improved responses. Knowledge Base Articles Creating knowledge base articles is no longer a chore. This process is completely AI automated by Hue, which will save you months worth of work. Schedule a Demo Better Solutions For Even Better Support We have every feature you’ll need to make your agents’ jobs easier and to ensure your customers never have to wait again. Omni-Communications Customers can communicate through any channel (SMS, email, live chat, or Facebook), while agents manage all messages in one seamless, lightning-fast interface. Unbeatable Chat Tools Level-up your agents with AI-driven conversations, chat sneak peek, language translation, secure file/data sharing, video chat, automations, and supervisor “whisper.” Insights and Analytics Reports and Dashboards provide unprecedented visibility into agent performance and insights into customer behavior including contact history, web pages visited, and more! AI Customer Service Chatbot The work day may end, but opportunities never stop. Hue AI provides meaningful, quality conversations to customers to get them pertinent product details, and gather lead information 24/7/365. Key Integrations All of o ur solutions are thoughtfully designed so you can get the most out of your existing tools. Integrate with your CRM, CMS, knowledge base, social media channels and more! Unified Inbox Your team will love having an organized workspace to streamline your inbox, keep related conversations threaded, and convert all requests into assignable support tickets. Conversion Tracking Whether communications occur via live chat, text message, social media, or email, conversion tracking will allow you to see in real-time exactly which interactions resulted in sales. Ironclad Security Securely share and receive PCI, PHI, and HIPAA sensitive information via live chat, text, and email – loan applications, credit card information, medical records, and more. Free Training and Support Free training to quickly get your team up-to-speed on best practices, so they’re ready to impress your customers with outstanding service from day 1 of implementation. What Customers Say Don't take our word for it. Here's what our customers have to say about LiveHelpNow. “We are so impressed with how simple it was to install on our website… We started seeing results immediately!” - Tammy Smith, Vice President “LiveHelpNow has been an integral part of our company’s core tools, helping us to deliver excellent customer service in a timely fashion. Their user interface is intuitive and easy to use, their service is consistent, and their platform provides us with the analytical insight required to drive major decisions around our business. Thank you, LiveHelpNow!” - Benjamin Jones, WaterPik "LiveHelpNow not only made it easy to set up, they also provided amazing demonstrations so our users and administrators were able to get up and running within only a few days. Support is critical for us and LiveHelpNow has one of the best support teams that I’ve come across. They are quick to respond and very patient with the varying levels of knowledge and understanding of their clients.” - Robert Wynter, Durham College “As a customer for over 8 years, LiveHelpNow has the solutions to all your customer service problems. Tickets, Chats, and Knowledge base all in one easy to use system, that is always being improved and updated.. what more can you ask for?  Want to stop juggling too many systems to help your customers and improve the time it takes to give them the answers they need… get LiveHelpNow.” - Marc Vazquez, Ideal Tridon “"The level of service we've received from LiveHelpNow is second to none. They have been excellent partners in helping us develop our programs and improve our performance." - Andrew Lim, J&P Cycles A Customer Satisfaction Boost for CPAP.com How CPAP.com Improved Their Customer Satisfaction Scores by 15% with Live Chat An Interview with CSR Manager, Elizabeth Hamilton, that reveals how CPAP.com is boosting its Customer Satisfaction Scores with Post-Chat Surveys, faster response times and good ol’ fashioned empathy Read Their Story Recent Articles Jan 02 How Customer Service Technology Will Shape the Future 01/02/2020 By: Natalya Bucuy For any business to excel, impeccable customer service is simply non-negotiable. Great customer service will not only pull in new clients for you, but it will also improve customer loyalty.  Whether it be through software innovations or cutting-edge AI, technology is revolutionizing the way we deal with consumers and will continue to do so. Here […] Know More Jul 24 5 Ways AI is Personalizing the Customer Experience 07/24/2019 By: Natalya Bucuy Every week, I get an email from Netflix that alerts me to a new series (or a new documentary) that I might like based on my previous viewing choices. The mobile app, Bandsintown, periodically sends me push notifications based on my musical tastes. It lets me know when bands I might want to see will […] Know More Feb 23 6 Reasons Why You Need Live Chat Support 02/23/2018 By: Natalya Bucuy In today’s digital world, customer service is a race against the clock. Responsiveness to customer inquiries is critical, and instant gratification makes those customers want answers faster than ever before. According to Convince & Convert, the average response time to customer inquiries via social media is 10 hours. E-mail response is even slower, clocking in […] Know More Waiting is for lobbies and bus stops! Try Free For 30 Days “We are a loyal 7 year client of LiveHelpNow. Need I say more?” - Daniel Gotlieb, Call Center Manager, Barracuda Networks By Market Customer Support Contact Center AI Chatbots IT Help Desk Pricing Customer Success Use Cases E-Commerce Higher Education Self-Help 24 X 7 X 365 SMBs Workforce Management Google Business Messages Call Deflection Products Live Chat Software Help Desk Ticketing System FAQ Software Live Chatbot – Hue ChatGPT 24/7 Live Chat Support 2-Way SMS Texting Cloud Phone System ChatGPT Customer Service Software Social Media Customer Support Resources Blog Partner Program Agent Gamification Agent Test Ebooks Webinars Alliance Partners Support Product Support Integrations Downloads Developer / API Docs Company About Us Contact Us Sign in Free Trial Sign Up Product Demo Our Companies System Status Privacy Policy EULA Copyright © 2010 - 2023 LiveHelpNow ® LLC. All Rights Reserved. US Patents Nos. 9,178,950 and 9,584,375; and Patent Pending