The Best Conversational AI Platform for Business | LivePerson Products Menu Item Conversational Cloud Deliver personalized digital experiences with an AI platform that identifies customer intent Generative AI Unleash the untapped power of large language models, merging unstoppable growth with an unwavering commitment to responsible, safe Generative AI Menu Item Conversational Intelligence & Insights Drive improved customer engagement and agent performance with the data & insights critical to optimize conversations Integrations Unlock more data and deliver increased flexibility and impact for your organization with our catalog of integrations PUT IT ALL TOGETHER AI Chatbot Toolset Better conversations start with a better AI chatbot Learn more Solutions By Industry Financial Services Deploy secure messages and proactively engage consumers Retail Transform the end-to-end customer shopping experience Travel & Hospitality Guide travelers through real-time requests and assist their travel needs Healthcare Deliver secure, connected healthcare experiences that improve efficiency Telco & Cable Manage the customer journey to maximize retention and minimize costs Automotive Improve car shopping, ownership, and maintenance experiences By Use Case Digital Transformation Accelerate digital transformation using the Conversational Flywheel™ Voice to Digital Modernize your CCaaS with an integrated, unified experience Customer Service Understand customer needs and personalize service at scale Conversational Commerce Simplify the commerce experience with unified messaging and voice B2B Sales & Marketing Close more deals without growing sales and marketing headcount ITSM Streamline IT service management and boost productivity By Service LP 360 Accelerate time to value with our turnkey contact center as a service Professional Services Begin your conversational journey with the help from our experts Technical Support Find 24/7 support when you need it By Partner Marketplace Explore solutions delivered by LivePerson certified partners Resources Learn AI Hub Resource Library Customer Stories Analyst & Market Reports News Blog Participate Community Events Podcasts Webinars Featured Resource WEBINAR Stop AI hallucinations before they damage customer trust Register now Partners Find a partner Search our directory to find partners by type, certification, vertical, and region Become a partner Learn more about all of the benefits of becoming a LivePerson partner Partner login Log into our partner portal to access partnership tools and assets About Who we are Careers Leadership Investor Relations Request for Proposal Featured News REPORT LivePerson Recognized as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Conversational AI Platforms Learn more Pricing Log in Get a demo Conversation Simulator: Train, test, and optimize human agent and AI agent performance Learn more LivePerson Conversational AI platform Connected CX. Measurable impact. Unify digital experiences, elevate every interaction, and prove ROI, fast. LivePerson’s Conversational AI platform connects channels, systems, and data to deliver AI-powered customer and agent experiences. Automate routine tasks, scale agents up to 3x capacity, and boost CSAT by 20 points — all without overhauling your existing tech stack. It’s transformation your teams and customers will feel from day one. Get a demo REPORT Recognized as a Niche Player in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Conversational AI Platforms Read the report Trusted by the world’s most innovative brands LivePerson turns conversations into outcomes. Our platform powers AI orchestration across voice and digital — delivering 60% cost savings. Bring your own LLM. Skip the rip-and-replace. Launch faster, win bigger. LivePerson is the enterprise leader in conversational AI Transformational outcomes Rapid time to value AI with ROI Best-of-breed Security and scalability Expertise in driving transformational outcomes Unlike general technology providers, LivePerson is laser-focused on customer experience, helping enterprises drive meaningful, measurable change in their customer engagement strategies. Rapid time to value Our conversational AI platform and orchestration framework are designed to minimize time to value, with many brands realizing customer results in days, allowing them to continuously improve with rapid iteration. AI with ROI LivePerson is a pioneer in conversational AI and an early adopter of large language models (LLMs). Unlike “build-your-own” AI approaches, LivePerson provides a fully embedded platform that allows teams to quickly deploy and scale trusted AI solutions without writing a single line of code. Best-of-breed enterprise platform Our platform is both open and future-ready, combining flexibility with leading orchestration capabilities. It integrates seamlessly with existing contact center systems and supports BYO AI (Bring Your Own AI), ensuring your business remains adaptable and innovative. Enterprise-grade security and scalability Handling over a billion conversations a month, LivePerson offers robust enterprise-grade data security and proven scalability, while maintaining compliance with regulations such GDPR, HIPAA, and PCI DSS. How global enterprises are realizing success with LivePerson 30% reduction in operating costs 90% automation rate 25% customer satisfaction boost 10x conversion vs traditional digital 50% decrease in agent attrition A “ life saver ” for agents. The “ best fit ” for enterprises. Previous Next The Forrester Wave™: Digital Customer Interaction Solutions, Q2 2024 “LivePerson is the best fit for traditional enterprises seeking a reliable and scalable digital transformation partner.” Read more Enterprise bank customer “Word on the street amongst agents is that it’s a game changer. Sentiments such as “life saver,” “totally transformed the job,” and “makes life so much easier.” But in terms of general functionality, it is without doubt one of the best innovations as it aids operating efficiency, agent experience, and customer experience. Thank you so much for making it possible for us!” Meet your customers where they are Digital adoption Provide seamless, connected experiences using LivePerson’s core digital capabilities, messaging, and trusted AI. Explore connection possibilities Better together with voice Bring voice and messaging conversations seamlessly together through best-of-breed integrations, agentic AI, and analytics to provide connected customer and employee experiences. Check out our voice solutions Conversational commerce Let your customers choose when, where, and how they want to engage with you. Drive revenue with personalized digital experiences, delivered at scale. Learn about conversational commerce Next-gen experiences, powered by GenAI Boost productivity and cost savings by seamlessly orchestrating human agents, bot interactions, and AI agents to streamline customer interactions and deliver connected experiences. Discover our generative AI tools Unified conversational analytics Fully unlock your most precious data set — conversational data — across voice and messaging to generate deep insights and achieve maximum ROI across the customer journey. Learn about conversational intelligence Unparallelled, connected experiences start with award-winning AI Take a closer look at our conversational AI platform Get a demo See success stories from leaders like you “On top of our successes to date with LivePerson’s Conversational AI and platform, LLMs and generative AI hold enormous promise to help us scale seamless and personalized conversations even further.” Read the press release “LivePerson’s omnichannel communication capabilities drive a better customer experience, while also improving agent efficiency. This, combined with LivePerson’s analytics tools and user-friendly platform, support CarGurus’ mission in providing drivers with a personalized, convenient, and transparent experience.” See more customer stories “As a ‘High Service Distributor,’ it is critical that our customers receive the same high-quality interaction experience on our messaging platform as they would in any other customer interface. LivePerson’s platform and their incredible support team have ensured that Mouser is able to exceed our customers’ expectations.” Read their story Recommended resources LivePerson Community Get your questions answered, connect with peers, and be understood. Take a tour Get more resources Browse our most-read blogs, industry guides, and more. Take me there LivePerson in the news Stay up to date on the latest press, featured stories, and more. Get the latest Home / Products Digital Transformation Conversational Cloud Generative AI Voice to Digital Solutions Conversational Intelligence & Insights Integrations AI chatbots Conversational AI Messaging Channels Solutions by Industry Financial Services Retail Travel & Hospitality Healthcare Telco & Cable Automotive Solutions By Use Case Customer Service Conversational Commerce B2B Sales & Marketing ITSM Solutions by Partner Marketplace Services Professional Services Technical Support Learn AI Hub Resource Library Customer Stories Analyst & Market Reports News Blog Glossary Knowledge Center Developer Center Security Participate Events Podcasts Webinars Partners Find a partner Become a partner Partner login About Who we are Careers Leadership Investor Relations Pricing Request for Proposal © 2025 LivePerson. All rights reserved. Copyright Corporate Governance Privacy Notice Terms of Service GDPR Cookie Settings