Legacy Launcher for Minecraft Legacy Launcher English Minecraft launcher Stable, fast and simple Download the launcher 262K players today 25K players online 1M players monthly Screenshots Downloads Windows Download the installer by clicking on the button below Download the installer Start it and follow instructions macOS Intel (x64) based devices, or running under Rosetta Download the disk image by clicking on the button below Download the disk image Mount it and install the application as usual. Common pitfalls Flathub for Linux distributions that support Flatpak Please open Flathub and follow the instructions Open Flathub Flathub version requires valid (paid) Minecraft account. Ubuntu and other Debian-based distributions Download the package (.deb) by clicking on the button below Download the package (.deb) Open the package file with "Software Install" Install the package as usual When the package is installed, you can find and start the launcher Chrome OS Please follow the steps in our documentation if you want to use the launcher on your Chrome OS device. Install Java manually Download and install the most recent Java LTS for your platform (for example from Adoptium ). Download and start the launcher's .jar file . It will install all required dependencies automatically. FAQ Is it free? Yes, the launcher is completely free of charge. There is no and will never be no paid features. Is it safe? Legacy Launcher is completely safe. If you download it from this website it is guaranteed to be free of any malware. In case you're familiar with Java, a security enthusiast, or just want to play around, there's the source code available for you . Can I install mods? Yeah, sure! There are popular Forge and Fabric versions in the launcher that can be installed automatically in just a few clicks. You can also install Forge and Fabric manually, just like with the official launcher. Can I change my skin in Legacy Launcher? Yeah, sure! You and your friends should use a free Ely.by account. Check out Accounts menu in the launcher. Does Legacy Launcher support portability? Yes, it does. You can download the portable build here . Instructions are included in the archive. Minecraft doesn't start or work properly! What should I do? It happens :) You can contact our free support (see below). Support You can always contact us if something isn't working or not working as expected. Our experienced developers and volunteers will try to help you. Discord The game has a recommended PEGI rating of 7 and an ESRB rating of Everyone 10+. See Parent's guide on Minecraft.net for more info. NOT AN OFFICIAL MINECRAFT PRODUCT. NOT APPROVED BY OR ASSOCIATED WITH MOJANG OR MICROSOFT. Legacy Launcher is in no way affiliated with Mojang Studios, nor should it be considered a project endorsed by Mojang Studios. If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints, please feel free to contact us: [email protected]