Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Primary Menu
Our Purpose
Our Science and Technology
Join Our Team
Partner With Us
News
Community and Education
About LLNL
Search
LAWRENCE LIVERMORE NATIONAL LABORATORY
Science and Technology
on a Mission



At Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, the realm of what’s possible is only bounded by the questions we’re willing to ask. Our multidisciplinary teams pursue big ideas using innovative science and technology to meet our national security mission and make the world a better place.

Our Mission-Driven Work

For more than 70 years, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology (S&T) to make the world a safer place. While keeping our crucial mission-driven commitments in mind, we apply cutting-edge science and technology to achieve breakthroughs in nuclear deterrence, counterterrorism and nonproliferation, defense and intelligence and energy and environmental security.

 

Nuclear Deterrence

We develop and apply the scientific insight and engineering prowess to assure the safety, security and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile in an ever-changing threat environment and enable the modernization and transformation of the NNSA production enterprise.

Energy Security

We advance understanding of Earth system dynamics, develop technologies to secure domestic energy production and environmental sustainability and provide reliable and resilient energy transport and distribution in response to evolving energy demand and resource availability.

Threat Preparedness and Response

We provide unique capabilities and innovative solutions to stem proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction, understand capabilities and anticipate adversarial actions and support response and consequence mitigation of natural and man-made threats.*

Multi-Domain Deterrence

We create a global strategic advantage through innovative technologies, strategies and analysis to bolster escalation control and defensive capabilities across the full spectrum of domains including strategic defense, conventional strike, space and cyber and technology competition.

Learn More About Our Mission

Our Latest News

See All Latest News

Our Organizations

Each of our organizations provides special expertise required to excel in our national security mission. Bright minds in a variety of fields work together in multidisciplinary teams to address important national issues. At LLNL, everyone contributes to mission success.

 

Computing

With some of the world’s most powerful supercomputers, complex simulations and leading-edge machine learning, Computing collaborates across the Laboratory and beyond.

Global Security

Global Security’s deep expertise applies to a broad portfolio of national security challenges. From energy security and military technology to weapons of mass destruction and intelligence, the Global Security directorate anticipates, innovates and delivers.

Operations and Business

Operations and Business provides the many services needed to run a large laboratory: Business, Environment, Safety and Health, Human Resources, Infrastructure and Operations, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Project Management Office and Security Organization.

Strategic Deterrence

Strategic Deterrence strengthens national security through innovations in science and engineering to sustain a safe, secure and effective nuclear deterrent. Pioneering research, engineering and technology are being applied to rebuild and modernize the stockpile.

Engineering

The Engineering directorate is a collaborative, multidisciplinary organization focused on achieving scientific and engineering breakthroughs in areas vital to our national security missions — from nuclear security and deterrence to cybersecurity to renewable energy.

National Ignition Facility and Photon Science

With the world’s largest and highest-energy laser system, NIF and Photon Science spearheads inertial confinement fusion and high energy density science; develops advanced laser, optical, target and diagnostic systems; and applies its capabilities to vital national security solutions.

Physical and Life Sciences

The Physical and Life Sciences (PLS) directorate delivers scientific expertise and solutions to support the Laboratory’s missions. PLS researchers use the latest models, capabilities and technologies to tackle large and complex scientific challenges ranging from biological threats to nuclear security.

Our World-Class Facilities
LLNL’s facilities, centers and institutes promote cross-disciplinary collaboration to magnify our impact on national security and global challenges. In incubators of innovation across the Lab, specialized capabilities drive science, technology and engineering breakthroughs. Simply put, premier S&T is born here.

Learn More About Our Facilities, Centers and Institutes

Our Culture and Community
We strive for excellence by building multidisciplinary teams that leverage a broad range of skills, perspectives, experiences, backgrounds and ideas. Through strategic collaboration, our employees innovate solutions for the nation’s most critical challenges. Together, we create a better world.

Learn More About Lab Life

*Threat preparedness image credit: Omar Haj Kadour/AFP via Getty images

Discover Your Next
Career Opportunity

LLNL is home to a diverse staff of professionals that includes administrators, researchers, creatives, supply chain staff, health services workers and more. Your next career opportunity is just around the corner.

View Job Openings

LLNL.GOV
Our Purpose
Our Science and Technology
Join Our Team
Partner with Us
News
Community and Education
About LLNL
ORGANIZATIONS
Computing
Engineering
Global Security
National Ignition Facility and Photon Science
Operations and Business
Physical and Life Sciences
Strategic Deterrence
RESOURCES
Contact
Visiting
Emergency Communication
Research Ethics
Disclaimer
Copyright and Reuse
Sitemap
STAY CONNECTED
     
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
 | 7000 East Avenue • Livermore, CA 94550 | LLNL-MI-845320
Operated by the Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC for the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration Learn about the Department of Energy's Vulnerability Disclosure Program
  
Home Disclaimer Privacy Notice