Home - Leave No Trace Learn The 7 Principles Leave No Trace Training Recertification Online Courses Research & Science Blog Additional Resources Programs Spotlights Gold Standard Designation International Youth Education Leave No Trace in Daily Life Subaru/Leave No Trace Traveling Teams Take Action Donate Volunteer Partnership Opportunities Events Shop About Us Our Mission Our People Areas of Focus Annual Reports & Financials Learn The 7 Principles Leave No Trace Training Recertification Online Courses Research & Science Blog Additional Resources Programs Spotlights Gold Standard Designation International Youth Education Leave No Trace in Daily Life Subaru/Leave No Trace Traveling Teams Take Action Donate Volunteer Partnership Opportunities Events Shop About Us Our Mission Our People Areas of Focus Annual Reports & Financials Donate Backcountry Skills for Every Adventure Learn to camp and travel responsibly with our free, self-paced Backcountry Course. Earn your certificate while protecting the wild places you love. TAKE THE FREE COURSE Take your passion for the outdoors and turn it into impact Join our Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course beginning on December 2. This is your chance to become a certified Leave No Trace Instructor and share science-based skills for protecting our lands. Learn More Stay Certified. Stay Inspired. Maintain your Level 1 or 2 Trainer status—anytime, anywhere. Our new online recertification course makes it easier than ever to stay current. LEARN MORE Share the Lands, Welcome Everyone Learn how to reduce conflict and protect access to public lands by understanding diverse perspectives and practicing responsible recreation. TAKE THE FREE COURSE We protect the outdoors through science-based education that inspires responsible recreation. Together, we turn everyday visitors into lifelong stewards of the natural world. Turning Knowledge into Action We inspire responsible outdoor recreation through education, research, and partnerships, all centered around our 7 Principles. Guided by evidence-based research, these principles help minimize human impact on nature. Learn from our dedicated scientists or enhance your skills by exploring our comprehensive online courses designed for those eager to make a meaningful difference. explore our courses “Now more than ever, Leave No Trace feels vital for making a positive impact on nature. Their free educational tools illustrate how easy it is to become a part of the conservation movement and protect nature, and thus leading by example for our communities, friends, families, and other visitors.” – Gabaccia Moreno The 7 Principles The 7 Principles are fundamental ethical guidelines that help individuals and organizations navigate moral decision-making and interpersonal interactions. They emphasize integrity, respect, responsibility, fairness, and compassion. These principles serve as a moral compass, guiding individuals toward ethical actions and fostering trust, cooperation, and well-being in communities. Learn More About The 7 Principles Spotlight Program Leave No Trace Spotlights bring communities together to protect and preserve the outdoors. These events offer free training, community outreach, and volunteer opportunities, all aimed at inspiring local action. Learn more about how you can get involved and make a difference. Learn More About Spotlights Recent Stories Assessing Seasonal Shifts in the Mountains December 1, 2025 Guest blog by Caleb Burns As winter settles into North America, recreation in the mountains takes on a character distinct from the relatively carefree adventures Read More » Leave No Trace and Visit Boulder Introduce Boulder-Focused Stewardship Initiative October 28, 2025 Boulder, Colorado, is a world-renowned destination for outdoor adventure and community culture, with miles of scenic trails, iconic peaks, and vibrant open spaces. The national Read More » Leveling Up with Brown Girls Climb and Access Fund October 27, 2025 Leave No Trace’s professional educators recently traveled to Utah’s Indian Creek, an internationally renowned rock-climbing destination, to teach an advanced Level 2 course for outdoor Read More » Connecting Urban Youth and Communities to Nature with Leave No Trace October 16, 2025 This fall, Leave No Trace proudly commemorates four years of partnership with the U.S. Forest Service (USFS) Eastern Region’s Urban Connections Program, an initiative designed Read More » VIEW ALL POSTS Shop Gear That Gives Back Every purchase from our store directly fuels our mission—100% of proceeds support protecting and preserving the outdoors. Apparel Education Materials Holiday Gifts Upcoming Events Leave No Trace – Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course Course Overview:  Sawtooth Outdoor Education is pleased to offer the Virtual Leave No Trace Level 1 Instructor Certification Course as part of our commitment to Read More » Leave No Trace – Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course Course Overview:  Sawtooth Outdoor Education is pleased to offer the Virtual Leave No Trace Level 1 Instructor Certification Course as part of our commitment to Read More » Leave No Trace – Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course Course Overview:  Sawtooth Outdoor Education is pleased to offer the Virtual Leave No Trace Level 1 Instructor Certification Course as part of our commitment to Read More » Leave No Trace – Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course Course Overview:  Sawtooth Outdoor Education is pleased to offer the Virtual Leave No Trace Level 1 Instructor Certification Course as part of our commitment to Read More » Leave No Trace – Virtual Level 1 Instructor Course Course Overview:  Sawtooth Outdoor Education is pleased to offer the Virtual Leave No Trace Level 1 Instructor Certification Course as part of our commitment to Read More » Leave No Trace – Level 1 Instructor Course Course Dates: June 20-22   Join Yosemite Conservancy on this introductory backpacking course! Rooted in the Leave No Trace principles, this program equips adventurers of all Read More » VIEW ALL EVENTS Partnerships Leave No Trace partners with remarkable organizations. Is yours ready to join? LEARN HOW PARTNERSHIPS ARE GOOD FOR BUSINESS Let’s protect and enjoy our natural world together Get the latest in Leave No Trace eNews in your inbox so you can stay informed and involved. First Name Last Name Email SIGN UP Facebook Instagram Threads Youtube Linkedin About En Español Areas of Focus Brand Usage Contact Us General FAQs Meet the Traveling Teams Meet Our Ambassadors Give Donation FAQs Become a Partner Partner Resources Shop Get Involved Events Blog Volunteer Careers Site Translation: English 中文 (简体) हिंदी Français العربية‏ Português Español Leave No Trace Center for Outdoor Ethics P.O. Box 997 Boulder, CO 80306 303-442-8222 © 2025 Leave No Trace Leave No Trace is a registered nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization ( tax identification number 84-1303335 ) under Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sharing the Outdoors Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Sharing the Outdoors WIN $600+ worth of Outdoor Gear from Big Agnes, REI & Yeti! Join, renew or donate through Monday, July 6th, for a chance to win the Big Agnes, REI & Yeti deluxe summer prize package! Learn More EXIT Learn The 7 Principles Leave No Trace Training Recertification Online Courses Research & Science Blog Additional Resources Programs Spotlights Gold Standard Designation International Youth Education Leave No Trace in Daily Life Subaru/Leave No Trace Traveling Teams Take Action Donate Volunteer Partnership Opportunities Events Shop About Us Our Mission Our People Areas of Focus Annual Reports & Financials