Shops
Brands
Blog
Career
Contact 
Contact us
For Shops
For Brands
 
English
Deutsch
book a demo Login
Shops
Brands
Blog
Career
Contact 
Contact us
For Shops
For Brands
 
English
Deutsch
book a demo Login
English
Deutsch
Login book a demo
Say hello to
Premium Content
where it matters
more sales with
minimum effort
millions of
happy customers
having
full control
higher
conversion rates
our loadbee
network

Revenue up – effort down: Take your e-commerce to a new level with loadbee. Automatically and continuously deploy high-quality product content as a brand manufacturer in shops. Showcase your product detail pages more attractively and with stronger sales power as an online retailer. Everything is simple. Everything with loadbee.

Learn more
What happens in the hive

Our loadbee blog

Aug 13, 2025
The Fastest Path to 100%: Why Content Completeness Is the Key to PDP Performance
Aug 04, 2025
Setting the Stage for Smarter Commerce
Jun 25, 2025
The BFSG Is Coming – But You Don’t Have to Face It Alone
loadbee for brands and shops

loadbee: Your boosting partner in e-commerce

Create a great shopping experience

loadbee helps brands and shops to create great shopping experiences with high-quality product information. On all digital devices, our platform delivers the premium content of well-known brands in certified shops. Exactly the way you want it – and completely automatically.

Convert store visitors into customers

The climax of every customer journey: loadbee excites store visitors with attractive and sales-promoting marketing materials from manufacturers on the product detail pages. Facts, emotion, and interaction, combined with genuine brand feeling, turn visitors into satisfied buyers.

Achieve more conversions with high-quality content

The cloud-based loadbee platform displays all types of product content your end customers need at the moment of purchase decision: images, videos, texts, and more. It provides the best foundation for increasing your conversions and strengthening customer loyalty.

Achieve a significant impact with minimal effort

A small code snippet for shops – loadbee as a platform for high-quality product content from brands: It doesn't take much for retailers to display premium content from brands automatically – or for manufacturers to distribute it automatically. Reduce your efforts with loadbee and boost your online revenues.

More for all

loadbee for brands and shops

I'm a
Shop

Learn what loadbee can do for your business

I'm a
Brand

Learn what loadbee can do for your brand

loadbee for brands and shops

What else speaks for loadbee

Make a difference with loadbee

More and more companies are leveraging digital technologies for increased e-commerce success. The loadbee platform makes it easy for you to deploy and deliver premium content with minimal effort, thereby boosting your sales. Make a difference now.

loadbee processes 1.2 billion end customer requests per month

With over ten years of experience and a monthly volume of 1.2 billion end customer requests, as a pioneer in the field of content syndication, we have already convinced hundreds of brands with innovative solutions and customer-centric service.

loadbee is a global network for all verticals

As a German company with a global network for all industries, we are your reliable partner for premium content syndication.

loadbee ensures high performance and data security

The loadbee platform distributes premium content from brand manufacturers to the product detail pages of shops in milliseconds. In doing so, we place great emphasis on data protection, security, and transparency. This ensures that your data is fully GDPR-compliant.

Any questions?
We are here for you

Would you like to know more about us? Do you have any questions or would you like some advice? Then please feel free to approach us.

the loadbee network

Benefit from our network as well

Our platform for premium content syndication is established with over 5,000 online retailers and 400 brand manufacturers across more than 80 countries. And it’s constantly growing. Get to know our commitment to quality and benefit from our extensive network of brands and shops in diverse verticals.

Voices of our partners

What our clients say …

There are many good reasons why we at Remington and Russel Hobbs like to distribute our product information via the loadbee platform: Within a very short time, our content went live on retailer sites such as www.saturn.de or www.mediamarkt.de. In addition, the contact to the loadbee customer management is impeccable at all times and the loadbee platform itself impresses with its ease of use. We are therefore very much looking forward to further cooperation and the possibilities that loadbee offers us.

Jochen ReiningHead of Trade Marketing Remington & Russell Hobbs DACH

At Garmin, we constantly strive for innovative solutions to provide our trading partners with the best possible experience. That’s why we’re thrilled to have loadbee as a partner. loadbee enables us to integrate high-quality product and brand content quickly and easily into our partners’ websites and online shops. This collaboration allows us to present our products even more effectively and provide our customers with a seamless shopping experience.

Dana EichingerHEAD OF TRADE MARKETING DACH

loadbee is an important partner for complementary product information, which allows us to reach our end customers adequately on all devices. Explicitly the provision of high-quality and detailed information on mobile devices represents an important competitive advantage for us. The higher the number of participating suppliers, the more effective the described effect. The uncomplicated and efficient integration into our shop system enabled a timely and sustainable improvement of our product and brand communication.

Jordan BellazziniHead of Media Markt E-Commerce AG

loadbee is an important partner for us in the area of content syndication for processing data content from manufacturers for our website. loadbee implements our requirements professionally and promptly. The platform enables our suppliers to provide premium data on their products. This allows us to jointly drive sales in our online shop and achieve a higher conversion rate and reduce the return rate through the comprehensive product information.

Markus HeuserManaging Director Saturn Online

At Sport2000, we are observing an ever-increasing use of online media among our customers across all age groups. We are connected to the loadbee platform so that we can also provide our customers with product information in the best possible way on digital channels. In this way, we profitably use the complete visualisation of manufacturer information and purchase arguments for the products.

Hans AllmendingerDivision Manager Marketing Sport2000

loadbee shows how you can simply sell better with the right technical solution. This demonstrably helps us and our trading partners. loadbee is a relief for our colleagues from Product Marketing. They publish our information by themselves in an uncomplicated way in the digital channels of the retailers. Customers also benefit: they can obtain much better information about our branded products via loadbee. This ultimately makes the purchase decision easier.

Jürgen StrzigaHead of Corporate Controlling, Accounting, M&A and authorised signatory at BSH
❮❯

Welcome to loadbee

Empower your business. Opt for satisfied, repeat customers through automated product content delivery. Save time and costs in the long run.

Register shop Register brand
More E-commerce success for everyone. With loadbee's premium content network.
0

End-customer requests / month

Figures are rounded and subject to change.
Stay up to date!
Our newsletter: News and Best Practices from loadbee
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Contact us

loadbee GmbH
Karlsruher Straße 3
70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen
Germany



Tel.: +49 711 203 799 30
Fax: +49 711 203 799 39
E-mail: info@loadbee.com

loadbee Canada Inc.
455, Fenelon Boulevard
Montreal, Quebec
Canada

loadbee Inc.
251 Little Falls Drive
Wilmington, DE 19808
United States

Sitemap
Shops
Brands
Blog
Career
Contact
Contact us
For Shops
For Brands
Useful links
Data privacy statement
Imprint
Disclaimer
Cookie policy
GTB
subscribe to newsletter

© Copyright 2025 loadbee.com. All Rights Reserved

    