Loblaw Companies Ltd. | Live Life Well® About Who we are What we do Careers Life at Loblaw Working with us Find jobs (Open in a new tab) News Our stories Releases and statements Real Talk Tariffs Investors Overview Financial reports Events and presentations Stock information Responsibility Our purpose Environment Climate action and carbon footprint Food waste Plastics Biodiversity Responsible sourcing Social Culture and Inclusion Community investment Colleagues Governance Human rights Supply chain accountability Governance approach Reports & data 2024 ESG Report (Open in a new tab) Suppliers FR Interest-Based Advertising and Retail Media November 19, 2025 We have updated our Interest-Based Advertising and Media Notice. These changes clarify the ways Loblaw, including our retail media network, uses your information for interest-based ads and campaign measurement. For more detail and to learn about your privacy choices, please review the Notice and our Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy Notice Helping Canadians Live Life Well ® We provide the building blocks to help Canadians create the best life, and future that they can. What we do The latest A passion for customers sits at the heart of our organization, and supports our commitment to help Canadians live their life well. Elevating care through compounding Ten years ago, a big idea started small. Pharmacist-Owner Mahmoud El-Achkar worked with two bright pharmacy students, Issam Merrouni and Mohamed Jetha, at his pharmacy in Laval, QC and together dreamed of doing something different: building a business focused on compounding medications. From farm to fridge: The Miller’s Dairy story In Creemore, Ontario, great dairy starts with the Miller family. Since 1959, they have built a brand Canadians love, growing from a small farm into a community favourite defined by quality, ethical farming, and a commitment to doing things the right way. Helping customers feel at home, in any language A simple pin is helping transform shopping experiences in stores across the country. The Loblaw Language Pins program, which identifies the languages colleagues speak, has now expanded across all Real Canadian Superstore ® , Real Atlantic Superstore ® , Loblaws ® , Zehrs ® , and Wholesale Club TM locations; with more stores continuing to join in the coming months. The journey of a product: From idea to shelf Have you ever picked up a new PC ® product and wondered, "How did they think of this?" It's not magic, but it feels close! We work hard to make PC products that taste great and are easy to buy at good prices. Let's see how it all happens. View more stories Grow with us With full-time and part-time career opportunities across our stores, supply chain, distribution centres and corporate office, there's room for you to succeed and grow. Careers at Loblaw Serving Canadians for more than 100 years Today, we have more than 2,400 stores. Most are run by independent owners, right in your communities. Who we are Our brands Food Whether it's in-store or online, our grocery stores offer a variety of shopping experiences from coast-to-coast. In all our stores, our colleagues share a passion for food and great customer service. (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) Show all Health and wellness We make health and wellness accessible. Our team of more than 5,000 professionals includes pharmacists, dietitians, opticians and more. Our software solutions, like electronic medical records, connect health providers with patients and each other. (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) Show all Fashion and beauty We make self-expression achievable. With affordable fashion and the best in beauty, we bring modern style to life. (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) Show all Payments and rewards We make everyday transactions more rewarding. How? With our no annual fee credit card, a no-monthly fee banking product and a personalized loyalty program. (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) Show all Have general questions? Contact us 1-800-296-2332 (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) (Open in a new tab) ® / TM Trademarks of Loblaws Inc. © 2020 Loblaws Inc. T&T Supermarket ® and logo are trademarks of T&T Supermarket Inc., used under license. Shoppers Drug Mart ® , Pharmaprix ® , Life Brand ® , Medical Cannabis by Shoppers TM , The Beauty Clinic by Shoppers TM , BeautyBOUTIQUE TM , Wellwise by Shoppers TM and their logos are trademarks of 911979 Alberta Ltd., used under license. About Who we are What we do Careers Life at Loblaw Working with us Find jobs (Open in a new tab) News Our stories Releases and statements Real Talk Tariffs Investors Overview Financial reports Events and presentations Stock information Responsibility Our purpose Environment Social Governance Reports & data EN FR Accessibility Privacy Legal Corporate governance EN FR