Lobstermania 2 Slot For Real Money | Bonuses and Functionality The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Wonder Woman - 2742 USD John* 2 place Wonder Woman - 2366 USD Barba* 3 place Dragon Spin - 1171 USD Mark* Jackpot $ 6 4 3 9 1 1 3 Play now Home All Games Demo Play Real Play Play for real money REVIEW OF LOBSTERMANIA 2 SLOT FOR REAL MONEY Facebook Twitter In the world of online casinos, some games have become real bestsellers and gained popularity among the million players around the world. Such slots are always in the top list of the largest gaming clubs, and their developers are famous worldwide. It is not surprising that in such a situation, the creators of the games try to extend the popularity of their brainchild by releasing an updated version of the slot. So, at one time, it happened with the IGT company — a developer of the legendary Lobstermania free game. This review will touch on the updated Lobstermania 2 slot for real money, which has recently appeared in online casinos. read more Video Overview Additional Info Released 2013 Software IGT Rolls 5 Paylines 40 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 50 per line Play for money! Screenshots What are the features of the Lobstermania slots real money? The gamer has everything that is needed for a successful hunt for lobsters, more specifically: 5 reels and 40 paylines. All rows are active by default. The main events take place against the background of boundless open spaces, giving the gaming machine a special flavor, even when gambling on mobile devices. The range of line bets starts at $ 0.01. In total, up to 1,800 credits are accepted per round. Tokens from 1 to 10 dollars are involved here. If desired, the game can be transferred to auto mode without any difficulties. Prizes in the Lobstermania 2 real cash slot machine depend on two important parameters: the line price and the winning sequence coefficient. It, in turn, should consist of several identical elements located close to each other. LOBSTERMANIA SLOTS: DESCRIPTION AND FUNCTIONALITY Immediately, we note that the game turned out to be no less successful than its predecessor, as evidenced by the current TOP-list of the great number of game clubs and the best payout online casinos in the world. Compared with the previous version, the developer significantly updated the interface; in addition, Lobstermania received much more modern and interesting functionality. So, on 5 reels, you will find 40 paylines for betting. The stakes in the game also increased significantly: now, the minimum bet is 60 coins, 40 of which go to the main game, and 20 are postponed for bonus rounds. This seemingly tricky move from IGT actually justifies itself, given the number and probability of bonus spins. The maximum rate can be equal to 1800 credits; it looks like this is one of the highest rates among the new club slots in the US and Canada. However, the award in real money slots Lobstermania is no less impressive — the maximum ratio is 8000 credits on one line only! Though, as it often happens with such impressive sums, a player can somewhat underestimate the probability of winning. The maximum RTP coefficient of the slot machine is 96.52% — this, of course, is higher than the average among the other 5$ deposit casino slots. Gambling in the demo mode provides the opportunity to activate five reels after the bet with virtual chips received as a gift from the club. It will show you all its advantages and reveal the secrets of big wins. You will learn the rules and evaluate your chances of winning. Also, the Free Play machine will allow you to pass the time in a fun and carefree way without thinking about money. In the future, the experience gained during this free mode will certainly bring you benefits when playing for real money. TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS 40 payment lines promote frequent winning hands on the screen. Their number is fixed. You can influence the result of the game only by changing the investment. The range of rates can be adjusted on the control panel. The maximum cost of a spin is 1,800 credits. The highest payouts at this rate reaches x8,000 coins. Among the buttons on the control panel, you will also see the ability to start the movement of the reels in automatic mode. The developers fitted Lobstermania 2 with special symbols and a bonus round. SYMBOLS AND ODDS OF FREE SLOTS LOBSTERMANIA Despite the fact that everything speaks of the latest technology, Lobstermania slots for real money still have a place for card symbols, which bring from 100 to 150 credits for 5 reels of the active line, depending on the face value. Thematic symbols also don’t have the highest ratios: for a house by the lake and a lighthouse, you can get up to 300 credits; a boat and a buoy will bring up to 400 credits. Special characters promise tremendous odds. What may pleasantly surprise is the presence of two wild symbols, the so-called Blue and Orange Wilds. Both have replacement functions but differ in coefficients. So, Blue Wild can bring up to 1000 credits and replace any character except Orange Wild, which is the oldest. That, in turn, gives the fastest payout of 8,000 credits on the active line. The characters involved in the online gameplay are made in bright colors. Since, at the very beginning, the user embarks on an exciting sea voyage on a small fishing boat, the images falling on the reels fit into this theme. So, on display, the gamer will notice: a yacht lighthouse buoy Isle In this case, there were some designations of playing cards, which are the least valuable symbols. Wild is the logo of the game, which forms a chain of images with high ratios. In addition, Wild replaces other elements in the sequences. Scatter is a lobster. This super symbol only appears on the first three reels. Its main task is to activate bonus stages. The Bonus Picker optional tour has two modes: Buoy Bonus and Free Spins Bonus. Do not miss the chance to hit the jackpot and get the most coveted prize — the cumulative jackpot. RULES AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR BEGINNERS In the Lobstermania real money slot machine, there are five reels with three rows of symbols and 40 constantly active lines. Spins in the base game are triggered after presets are made. The line bet is fixed at 60 coins. Players change only the face value of game coins. Each active line accepts from 1 to 500 coins. The size of progressive jackpots depends on the total bet. To activate the reels, there is a button “Start” or “Auto Spin.” The second key triggers a series of automatic spins. The rules of Lobstermania 2 are classic. Payments are made for the loss of characters on the active line. A sequential chain is formed from the same pictures. In the formation of the combination, two types of Wild symbols are involved. Wilds traditionally replace standard elements. Beginners can play for free and without registration, in a trial demo mode. The test version does not bring any winnings. To hit the jackpot, you need to take risks. A real money game with real bets and winnings begins after replenishment of the deposit. You can do it by using one of the next payment methods below: visa paypal payforit zimpler echeck paysafecard skrill bitcoin neteller boku apple pay pay by phone bill pay by sms. The site has also detailed instructions on how to deposit funds or activate bonuses. Bright and memorable design, exciting gameplay, and generous payments are not all the advantages of the Lobstermania 2 video slot. You can get to know it better and win a large amount on the website right now! BONUS GAME LOBSTERMANIA 2 MAY SIGNIFICANTLY REPLENISH YOUR BUDGET The secret of the demand for the Lobstermania 2 gaming machine is not in its plot, but in additional features that promise unforgettable benefits. These are: Wild; three types of the jackpot; factors; free spins; three levels of the bonus round. It is worth noting the symbols of the multiplier, which increase the size of the winnings by 3 or 5 times (based on the dropped indicator). To do this, it is enough for them to appear on one of the elements that take part in the combination. Slot machines will teach you how to play for money with this 1$ minimum deposit casino. The loss of three lobsters in the Lobstermania free play emulator starts a unique bonus game. Or to be more precise, there are two of them. The first involves five free spins, the second – travel biologist. The choice is yours, but in any case, a large amount awaits you. You should, once again, pay attention to the symbol of the lobster itself, which is a scatter. To start the bonus game, the lobster must fall on the first three reels. Then the fun begins: the player is offered a choice of 2 options for the bonus game — Free Spins or Buoy Bonus. In the first case, everything is quite simple: here, you are given free spins, which entail an alternative set of characters with increased coefficients. As for the Buoy Bonus, this is some kind of a new game. Here you choose a place for catching lobsters, and, depending on the correct choice and your dexterity, you get substantial rewards for the catch. Summary of Lobstermania Slot Real Money See for yourself that the Lobstermania 2 gaming machine is worth trying! Advantageous options perfectly complement fascinating themes, which make this slot one of the most popular on the game portal. Launch the discs, and let each spin brings the desired amount. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Wonder Woman Demo House of Fun Demo Dragon Spin Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINOS 1 5 /5 T&C Apply 2 5 /5 T&C Apply 3 4 /5 T&C Apply 4 4 /5 T&C Apply 5 4 /5 T&C Apply Lester Boyd Chief editor Last update: 04 May 2023 Introduction of Lester Boyd Age: 46 Born: May 19 1977 in St Catharines Address: 2955 St. Paul Street, St Catharines L2S 3A1, CA Education: Brown University Mail: [email protected] Experience in casino reporter: 7 Job: Best Black Jack Dealer in our team Lester Boyd has been a successful writer for over 7 is a world renowned Gambling and Gaming expert years and having excelled in magazines, papers and even in TV briefly, he found his ideal medium to be the internet because of its enormous scope and freedom. As a gambling fan, Lester Boyd jumped at the opportunity to become the writer at lobstermania2.net, which is why he tackles each and every review and story like it is his last. He is currently the editor of the casino guides and reviews and host writer of lobstermania2.net. 04.05.2023 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Home All Games Payment Options Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions Submit New Casino lobstermania2.net © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money