Lobstermania Slots Real Money: Play Online Now and Get Free Spins The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Twin Spin Slo... - 3644 USD Jason* 2 place Thunderstruck... - 593 USD Antho* 3 place Twin Spin Slo... - 579 USD Eugen* Jackpot $ 7 6 6 9 3 9 8 Play now Lobstermania Real Money Slots No Deposit Slots 3D Slots 3 Reel Slots Online Mobile Slots Free Spins Slots Same Day Payout Casinos Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Review of Lobstermania Slots Real Money Facebook Twitter Lobster Mania refers to a five-reel slot containing three rows and 25 pay lines. The reels are normally set inside a driftwood frame which is wedged into rocks behind which we are able to see a blue sea under the blue sky. The music used in the background is of Rock Lobster by B52s. A buoy, a small fishing boat, Lobster Mania Logo, and a lighthouse are the four high-value nautical theme symbols. read more Video Overview Released 2015 Software IGT (WagerWorks) Rolls 5 Paylines 40 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 1 per line Play for money! Screenshots General Lobstermania Real Money Characteristics The lobster putting on sunglasses represents the wild and it will substitute for all the symbols except the scatter and the bonus. It is considered to be the highest paying base game symbol worth 1000x your stake line for the five on an active pay line. The lobster found on the raincoat represents the bonus symbol that activates the feature. Getting three or more free lobstermania bonus symbols in the active pay line is capable of triggering this feature. The first thing you will have to do is get one of the symbols to help you reveal the number of picks. You will see a Larry watching over some lobster pots in the sea you will choose 2, 3, or 4. Benefits of Lobster Mania Lobster slots free download is designed using a nautical feel to it. The display’s backend is the expanse of the sea all the way to the horizon. Its sky is clear with some scattered clouds. It effect is quite relaxing and keeps play Lobstermaniareal money through several rounds of the game without draining away energy. The excellent colored logo located at the top of the game is placed strategically to help lure players. Graphics used are not over the board type of design although one cannot afford to look from the screen. The Lobstermania slots real money graphics will ensure that you remain glued to the display as you are playing Unlike other over animated and color-packed designs, this will never bring a build-up of exhaustion in your eyes. The display frame of lobstermania slot machine is constructed from antique wood. The sea and wooden frame contrast are superb and they do complement each other very well adding great flavor to the game. Free Spin Bonus Lobstermania game is configured using 25 pay lines and a five-reeled interface. The most prestigious in the slot is the lobster. You can easily increase your stakes by up to 10000 times. In fact, this is considered to be among the highest benefits in all the larry lobster slots games. You will have the option to play Lobstermania real money or miss out on the great reward. Winning Combination In case you have two picks, you will have to pick two buoys that will provide you with rewards of between 20-200 times your bet lines. Three picks will give you 3 buoys and between 30-3000 times your bet line. Four picks will provide you with between 4-4000 times bet lines. Your prizes will double when you trigger the 2 pay lines feature. Tips on Winning Lobstermania Online Slot The symbols on the active pay line trigger the Buoy Bonus. You, therefore, need to play the maximum number in order to have the best chance of getting there. Where to Play Lobstermania Slots Real Money You can get the lucky larry’s lobstermania machine in the land-based casinos and in any online casino. However, there are different types of online casinos that will accept your wager depending on where you live. Conclusion Comparing this lucky larry slots game with the latest releases like break-out movie clips and the interactive bonus rounds, it surely feels retro. In fact, I can prefer comparing the lobstermania slots real money to the early video slots when it was unusual to have broken out bonuses with animations Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Starburst Slot Real Play Demo Twin Spin Slot Real Play Demo Thunderstruck Slot Real Play Demo Last Articles To Receive the Greatest Return You Need to Download Lobstermania Slot to install on your PC read more Top Hints to Defeat Lobstermania Slot Tips and Tricks read more Tips-and-Tricks on How to Win against Lobstermania Slot hack read more Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINOS 1 5 /5 Review 2 5 /5 Review 3 4 /5 Review 4 4 /5 Review 5 4 /5 Review Lincoln Gerstaecker Chief editor Last update: 09 Apr 2025 Introduction of Lincoln Gerstaecker Born: Jul 20 1981 in Pembroke Address: 3320 Isabella Street, Pembroke K8A 5S5, CA Education: Moscow State University Mail: [email protected] Experience in casino reporter: 6 Job: Best Casino Host in our team Lincoln Gerstaecker has been a successful writer for over 6 is a world renowned Gambling and Gaming expert years and having excelled in magazines, papers and even in TV briefly, he found his ideal medium to be the internet because of its enormous scope and freedom. As a gambling fan, Lincoln Gerstaecker jumped at the opportunity to become the writer at lobstermania-slot.com, which is why he tackles each and every review and story like it is his last. He is currently the editor of the casino guides and reviews and host writer of lobstermania-slot.com. 09.04.2025 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 Lobstermania Real Money Slots No Deposit Slots 3D Slots 3 Reel Slots Online Mobile Slots Free Spin Slots Casinos Online Mr Bet Download All Slots Same Day Payout Casinos Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions About us Submit Casino lobstermania-slot.com © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money