Top of page

 Notice
Special holiday hours in effect, December 2025 through January 2026. More information.
Close
Skip to main content
Library of Congress
Search
Everything
Audio Recordings
Books/Printed Material
Films, Videos
Legislation
Manuscripts/Mixed Material
Maps
Notated Music
Newspapers
Periodicals
Personal Narratives
Photos, Prints, Drawings
Software, E-Resources
Web Archives
Web Pages
3D Objects
Suggestions enabled.
Search
menu
The Library of Congress Homepage
Featured Items
Pause
Previous
Congress.gov

Track bills on the official site for U.S. federal legislative information.

Library of Congress Names Arthur Sze the Nation's 25th U.S. Poet Laureate

As Poet Laureate, Sze plans to focus on translating poetry originally written in other languages.

1/5
Library of Congress Fall Concert Season

This Fall, mark a century of Concerts from the Library of Congress with 15 unforgettable performances.

1/5
Library of Congress Acquires “Wizard of Oz” Musical Sketches To Add to the Harold Arlen Collection

Collection Includes Handwritten Music and Lyric Sketches Showing Creative Process Behind Iconic Film, Along with Letters and Artwork

1/5
Thursday Night Fun & Programs

Live! at the Library features evening engagement in a gorgeous setting.

1/5
Congress.gov

Track bills on the official site for U.S. federal legislative information.

1/5
Library of Congress Names Arthur Sze the Nation's 25th U.S. Poet Laureate

As Poet Laureate, Sze plans to focus on translating poetry originally written in other languages.

Library of Congress Fall Concert Season

This Fall, mark a century of Concerts from the Library of Congress with 15 unforgettable performances.

Library of Congress Acquires “Wizard of Oz” Musical Sketches To Add to the Harold Arlen Collection

Collection Includes Handwritten Music and Lyric Sketches Showing Creative Process Behind Iconic Film, Along with Letters and Artwork

Thursday Night Fun & Programs

Live! at the Library features evening engagement in a gorgeous setting.

Congress.gov

Track bills on the official site for U.S. federal legislative information.

Next
Library Catalog
Digital Collections
Researchers
Visitors
Teachers
Blogs
More...
Trending
Top Searches: World War II Newspapers Veterans Civil War Constitution Civil Rights
Video Player
00:00
01:02
WATCH
Serving Congress and the American People
BLOG
Animals in Human Situations
MAGAZINE
The Genius of Sondheim
NEWS
Get the Latest News from the Library of Congress
EVENTS
Our Calendar of Upcoming Events, In-Person & Virtual
EXHIBITIONS
Explore Library Exhibitions in Person & Online
BLOG
Chronicling America Teaching Resources
Your Library

Use the largest library in the world online or in person! More about the Library.

Plan Your Visit
Research Centers
Ask a Librarian
Free to Use and Reuse: Winter

Winter scenes from cold-weather and warm-weather locations fill this set of images from the 1600s to the present. Unless otherwise noted, the images are from the Prints & Photographs Division.

Browse more content that is free to use and reuse 

Festive snowmen at the Cornerstone Sonoma shopping complex in Sonoma County, California. Photo by Carol M. Highsmith, 2012.
"Caffetiere de diverses formes." Illustration in Le bon usage du thé, du caffé et du chocolat, by Nicolas de Blegny, 1687, p. 155. (Rare Book Division)
Kameyama, Tōkaidō Japan. Color woodcut by Andō Hiroshige, between 1833 and 1836.
Girl with poinsettia. Print published by the Union Pacific Tea Co., 1908.
"Poinsettia pulcherrima." Illustration by Samuel Holden in: Paxton's Magazine of Botany. London : W.S. Orr, 1838, v. 4, opp. p. 97. (General Collections)
North Shore beach, Oahu, Hawaii. Photo by Carol Highsmith, December, 2005.
Ice skating at Lincoln Memorial, Washington, D.C. Photo by Harris & Ewing, 1922.
"In Winter's Embrace." Pillow cover, 1907.
"Winter." Poster by Penrhyn Stanlaws, 1907
Dog sled arriving in Knik Alaska and carrying gold from Iditarod. January 12, 1912.
Christmas raffle in the streets of Cidra. The kid and chicken are the prizes. Puerto Rico. Photo by Edwin Rosskam, 1937.
Theater Square, ice hill for 1999 New Year's celebration, Arkhangelsk, Russia. Photo by William C. Brumfield, 1998.
Show More Images
Follow Us
Take our survey 
External
Accessibility Legal Inspector General External Link Disclaimer USA.gov Careers Contact Media Donate Shop
 
close
Give Today
Preserve the Past. Power the Future. Support America's library!

Give Today