Home - Lockr Exciting News: We’re Joining Viant! …… lean more Solutions For Publishers For Marketers About Team Careers Press Log in As a Publisher Solutions For Publishers For Marketers About Team Careers Press Log in As a Publisher For Publishers For Marketers Team Careers Press Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up First Name Last Name Company Email If you are human, leave this field blank. Subscribe Δ Sign-up today! Free unlimited access No credit card required No email integration required Email address What features are you most looking forward to using? Join the Waitlist Thank you! Just one more thing before you go... When your invite is ready, we'll email you to create your account, but don't want our note to get lost in your overstuffed inbox. Customize the subject of your email so you know what to look for: I'm drowning in email! Your lockrMail invite! Knock! Knock! It's your inbox genie Are you ready for inboxzero status? Create your own**: Submit **Bonus points for the funniest answer! We may even bump up your invite :) Thank you! You will receive email confirmation shortly. Thanks for your continued interest in lockrMail! We already have you on our waitlist. We're extremely hard at work building you the best way to protect and organize your inbox. We'll be releasing more invites for early-access soon – can't wait to have you onboard! lockr is a data collaboration platform. Impending signal loss across operating systems and browsers presents a unique opportunity to redefine the value exchange of the Internet while honoring consumer choice and consent. lockr is building the means to invest in this future: a first-party data solution empowering enterprises to choose where and how to activate their audience. For publishers A unified container for first-party data collection and enrichment. Learn more For marketers Reach engaged consumers and drive ROI. Learn more For consumers Unlock savings and block out spam with lockrMail. Sign up Sign-up for our newsletter to receive the latest updates on lockr, events, press and more. Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up First Name Last Name Company Email If you are human, leave this field blank. Subscribe Δ © 2025 lockr Machine-Generated Email Cost Calculator Unlock additional revenue by integrating with Identity lockr. Select your industry vertical. Select industry How many registered users or newsletter subscribers do you have? Average monthly emails sent to each subscriber per month? What is your average email open rate? Optional What is your average email click rate? Optional Has lockr previously analyzed the machine-generated emails in your first-party data? Yes No What was the percentage? Enter your RPM (page revenue per 1,000 sessions). What is your average monthly subscriber growth rate? What is your anonymous web visitors monthly pageview traffic? What is your authenticated monthly pageview traffic? Projected Incremental Revenue $ 0.00 Projected Annual MGE Overhead MGE Fees $ 0 MGE Lost Email Revenue $ 0 MGE Advertising Leakage $ 0 One month of Email Jail $ 0 Incremental Revenue $0.0M Enter your email to receive the full report. Back Next Question Show me my results Send me the full report Are you sure you want to leave? Changes you made will not be saved. Cancel Confirm and leave