Cincinnati News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Former Tri-State reality TV cast member faces sex charges involving minor, dogs Tony McCollister appeared in Warren County Court on Tuesday. Tri-State bicyclists celebrate 2025 success, aim for even more trail connections in 2026 Efforts to connect smaller trails to larger networks have been a focus for Great Parks of Hamilton County and other cities and organizations. NKY child dies from flu; first juvenile flu death in Kentucky this season It's the first reported death of a juvenile from the flu this season in the commonwealth. The child did not have a flu vaccine. 1 taken to hospital, multiple displaced after Greater Cincinnati townhome fire Crews first got calls to the scene on Murray Avenue at about 2:30 p.m. Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Consumer Alerts Good Morning Cincinnati Local 12 Investigates Amazing America Crisis in the classroom Get It Now Links Traffic Around the Web Addicted Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Question of the Day Spotlight on America For Pet's Sake Beyond The Podium Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Election ARC Cincinnati Weather Current Weather Cincinnati Cloudy 26 F 34 / 24 Today 34 / 24 Wednesday 34 / 22 Thursday 33 / 23 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Weather Cameras Weather Articles Daily Climate Summary SchoolWatch Local Temp Records Local Climate Data The Weather Authority App SchoolWatch Portal Local 12 Investigates Local 12 Investigates Tri-State election lawsuit alleges false records, possible crimes in 2024 election Union City Commissioner Douglas Bine filed the suit in November of 2024 after losing his seat in a close election. New report reveals families in southern Ohio living on land at risk of causing cancer Dozens of properties in Ohio are reportedly contaminated with an elevated cancer risk. So why isn't more being done to protect families? Could cost prevent some children from getting new, safer football helmets? Local 12’s chief investigative reporter Duane Pohlman travels to Virginia Tech’s Helmet Lab and visits with a medical doctor. Improving equipment to prevent tragedy: Helmet lab leads charge in youth football safety The lab simulates real-life impacts to evaluate helmet performance, aiming to reduce concussions and chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) risks. Local 12 Investigates Duane, Is That Right? Sports Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Former Bengals player, former area prep standout finalists for Pro Football Hall of Fame A former Bengals player and a former local high school standout are among the 15 Modern-Era Player finalists for the Pro Football Hall of Fame. NKU ends Robert Morris' 15-game home winning streak 79-77 Donovan Oday scored 16 points, including two free throws with 11.1 seconds left Baba Miller grabs career-high 21 rebounds, Cincinnati defeats Lipscomb 89-62 Baba Miller hauled in a career-high 21 rebounds and scored 11 points, while Moustapha Thiam scored 18 points The Script Local Sports Bengals Reds UC Bearcats UK Wildcats OSU Buckeyes XU Musketeers College Sports High School Sports FC Cincinnati The Skinny Podcast TICKETS High School Football Tailgate City Guide Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 26 ° Wed 34 ° Thu 31 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Consumer Alerts Good Morning Cincinnati Local 12 Investigates Amazing America Crisis in the classroom Get It Now Links Traffic Around the Web Addicted Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Question of the Day Spotlight on America For Pet's Sake Beyond The Podium Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Election ARC Cincinnati Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Weather Cameras Weather Articles Daily Climate Summary SchoolWatch Local Temp Records Local Climate Data The Weather Authority App SchoolWatch Portal Local 12 Investigates Down Arrow Local 12 Investigates Home Local 12 Investigates Duane, Is That Right? Sports Down Arrow Sports Home The Script Local Sports Bengals Reds UC Bearcats UK Wildcats OSU Buckeyes XU Musketeers College Sports High School Sports FC Cincinnati The Skinny Podcast TICKETS High School Football Tailgate City Guide Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Health Down Arrow Health Home Health Updates Orthocincy Solutions What's Happening In Health Health Talks by TriHealth Breakthroughs in Medicine Your Mental Health Donor Of The Week Women and Medicine Get It Cincinnati Refined Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact News Team Careers TV Listings Contests Feedback Sales Info WKRC Local 12 App Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Newsletter Sign Up Community Down Arrow Community Home Station Events Adopt a Pet Rally On The Square Health & Retirement Expo Career and Education Fair Caring for the Caregiver Brightening Your Holidays NKY Resource, Health & Age Tech Expo Back 2 School Bash Helping Veterans It's Your Money Medicare Town Hall Getting Covered with Local 12 Keys to the Market College Connection Motivational Mondays Aging Gracefully Souper Bowl of Caring First-Time Homebuyers Local 12 Home Pros ARC on the Go May is Mental Health NKY Community Day Second Chance Job Fair Youth Mental Health Town Hall GameDey Experience 12 Canes of Christmas Veterans Health Resource Fair Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Former Tri-State reality TV cast member faces sex charges involving minor, dogs Tony McCollister appeared in Warren County Court on Tuesday. 1 taken to hospital, multiple displaced after Greater Cincinnati townhome fire Crews first got calls to the scene on Murray Avenue at about 2:30 p.m. NKY child dies from flu; first juvenile flu death in Kentucky this season It's the first reported death of a juvenile from the flu this season in the commonwealth. The child did not have a flu vaccine. City extends contract for Theetge investigation; her attorney calls it 'a sham' The City of Cincinnati has extended the contract for Frost Brown Todd in the investigation of Chief Teresa Theetge's leadership. Investigators seek pictures of fire that destroyed 2 Tri-State businesses, damaged a third An investigation into the fire in Greendale that destroyed two businesses and heavily damaged a bank is in the hands of the Indiana fire marshal. Suburban Cincinnati woman accused of driving under the influence with 3 kids in vehicle A Greenhills woman is accused of driving under the influence with three children in the car and then resisting arrest. Former golf pro accused of $883K theft at country club remains at large in Mexico The couple left the U.S. in June 2024, reportedly residing in Mexico at a property owned by Katherine's father. Downtown Cincinnati's free New Year's Eve party has a new location Downtown Cincinnati's free New Year's Eve party has moved two blocks west to the Elm Street Plaza. Suspect posing as delivery driver robs Northern Kentucky couple at gunpoint A man posing as a delivery driver robbed a couple inside their Taylor Mill home on the day after Christmas. 'It brings a smile to everybody': Decades-old Christmas tradition in NKY to come to an end After 48 years, the Peluso family decided the lights on their yearly Christmas display will shut off for good on Tuesday night. Local News Tri-State bicyclists celebrate 2025 success, aim for even more trail connections in 2026 Efforts to connect smaller trails to larger networks have been a focus for Great Parks of Hamilton County and other cities and organizations. Clermont County community moves toward creating own fire department Batavia Township trustees voted unanimously Tuesday to advance a tax levy proposal for the May ballot. These were Greater Cincinnati's most expensive home sales of 2025 The July sale of an Indian Hill estate marked one of the most expensive homes sold in Cincinnati history. More ways to fly: Airline expands flights from Cincinnati airport Beginning in February, the airline will add three daily departures, bringing the total to seven peak daily flights between Cincinnati and Chicago. Holtman's announces location closure; second closure of the year The last day of operations at the location will be on New Year's Eve. Developer to proceed with $20 million Downtown Cincinnati apartment project Urban Sites, the growing Over-the-Rhine-based development firm, plans to move forward in 2026 with a downtown apartment project. Ohioans for Cannabis Choice challenges new cannabis laws with referendum Ohioans for Cannabis Choice has filed signatures for a referendum on Senate Bill 56, aiming to prevent the re-criminalization of the cannabis industry. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending School reportedly losing roughly half its teaching staff due to new federal visa policy The Trump administration recently increased the visa processing fee for certain work visas to $100,000. Reality TV star with ties to TX Panhandle charged with murder of cellmate in Las Vegas Chad Ollinger found fame on the Discovery Channel's "Mystery at Blind Frog Ranch." New Mustang GT owner arrested 60 minutes after leaving dealership, vehicle impounded The vehicle, allegedly bought just an hour prior, was impounded. 'I know you': Man reportedly wakes up to burglar touching his genitals, urinating on him 'The facts are pretty egregious. He’s breaking into someone’s home after four in the morning, molesting him, urinating on him.' Former golf pro accused of $883K theft at country club remains at large in Mexico The couple left the U.S. in June 2024, reportedly residing in Mexico at a property owned by Katherine's father. Nation & World Police find 3 dead hikers on mountain hours after strong winds prevented their rescue Three hikers were found dead on a mountain hours after a search and rescue team was unable to save them due to "severe winds." Police search for family of 2-year-old and dog that were abandoned in stranger's car: cops A man allegedly discovered that a 2-year-old child and a dog had been abandoned inside of his car after a suspect attempted to steal the vehicle. Construction workers allowed man in wheelchair to fall to his death in trench: lawsuit A group of construction workers  allegedly allowed a man in an electric wheelchair to fall to his death in open trench at a construction site. New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. Husband crashes vehicle into home, killing wife; police suspect intentional act The husband sustained significant injuries in the crash and was taken to a hospital, where he remains under police custody. Man gouges out elderly woman's eye with club in random attack outside courthouse: cops A man allegedly struck an elderly woman with a spiked wooden club in a random attack outside of a courthouse, gouging out her eye and leaving her half blind. 'Somebody has to help': Good Samaritan's quick thinking saves family from deadly crash An Air Force staff sergeant pulled a family from danger after an SUV spun out of control and came to rest on a steep ledge. See More Right arrow Sports Former Bengals player, former area prep standout finalists for Pro Football Hall of Fame A former Bengals player and a former local high school standout are among the 15 Modern-Era Player finalists for the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Former Reds outfielder who played 10 years in MLB dies at 84 He played 47 games for the Reds in 1973 and 33 more in 1974. He hit .258 with 9 HR and 26 RBI with Cincinnati. Bengals receiver Chase sets record vs. Cardinals to make NFL history Chase caught two touchdown passes from Joe Burrow and made NFL history. See More Right arrow Entertainment Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. 'The Wire' and 'Veep' star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., known for his roles on shows like &ldquo;The Wire&rdquo; and &ldquo;Veep,&rdquo; has died at 71, his manager confirmed. Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she refused to film an explicit sex scene with THIS star Gwyneth Paltrow revealed why she refused to film a spicy scene early in her career with a handsome co-star. Watch Robert Irwin rank birds based on their rizz, crowns a controversial no. 1 The wildlife conservationist has the internet divided after he sparked debate over ranking birds by "rizz." See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Join Liz Bonis & The Vein Center of Cincinnati at the YMCA: New Year New You The Vein Center of Cincinnati, in partnership with the YMCA, invites the community to a New Year, New You wellness event on January 23. SPONSORED 'Arc on the Go' brings news beyond the studio Arc takes local stories on the road via a Metro bus. SPONSORED Local 12 hosts Veterans Health Resource Fair with Bob Herzog and Liz Bonis Join Local 12’s Bob Herzog and Liz Bonis at the Veterans Health Resource Fair on Feb. 18 at Sharonville Convention Center. SPONSORED Miami University recognized for excellence in science of reading instruction Miami University’s College of Education, Health, and Society earned a perfect score on a recent state review of science of reading instruction SPONSORED Smart Cents with Brett Guido: Holiday season expected to surpass $1T in retail sales But due to inflation, the picture is complex, with many consumers showing signs of economic anxiety. SPONSORED Injured? Walk in for fast orthopedic care at The Christ Hospital The Christ Hospital Health Network offers same-day orthopedic care at its walk-in clinic in Montgomery. There's no appointment needed. SPONSORED Local nurses honored by Mount St. Joseph University Mount St. Joseph University honors Piper Coleman as Liz Bonis and Dr. Darla Vale highlight growing nursing demand and expanding career opportunities. SPONSORED ELF The Musical JR. brings holiday magic starting Dec. 5 Lifestyle show anchor Abbey Cummins and artistic director Roderick Justice share an inside look at the upcoming Dec. 5 opening of ELF The Musical JR. SPONSORED Support seniors this season: Join NKADD's community effort Home Instead has partnered with the Northern Kentucky Area Development District (NKADD) to collect and deliver holiday gifts to local seniors in need. SPONSORED Miami faculty, students help Mexico prepare for 2026 FIFA World Cup Miami University and Universidad YMCA Mexico students partner through the Diplomacy Lab to prepare for 2026 FIFA World Cup and develop policy recommendations. SPONSORED Fifth Third Bank, partners boost affordable housing and community development in Avondale Fifth Third Bank is working closely with community partners in Avondale to address affordable housing and support long-term neighborhood development. SPONSORED Fifth Third Bank makes $44 million neighborhood investment in Avondale The initiative is part of Fifth Third’s ongoing commitment to fostering community development in historically underserved areas. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Local 12 Investigates Tri-State election lawsuit alleges false records, possible crimes in 2024 election Union City Commissioner Douglas Bine filed the suit in November of 2024 after losing his seat in a close election. Could cost prevent some children from getting new, safer football helmets? Local 12’s chief investigative reporter Duane Pohlman travels to Virginia Tech’s Helmet Lab and visits with a medical doctor. Improving equipment to prevent tragedy: Helmet lab leads charge in youth football safety The lab simulates real-life impacts to evaluate helmet performance, aiming to reduce concussions and chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) risks. Tool or shortcut? 90% of students use ChatGPT as AI reshapes traditional education This fast-moving technology continues to change the landscape of education, and time isn’t really on our side. Cincinnati mayoral candidate's business faced non-payment of tax issues Bowman co-owns Kings Arms Coffee Shop in the West End, which failed to pay sales taxes to the state for nearly a year in 2024. 'A big strain': New policies in Tri-State spark tenant, landlord concerns Seven years later, she's in danger of losing that home and her rental subsidies due to issues over inspections. Investigation reveals new details on days leading up to Northern Kentucky murder-suicide We now know where a Northern Kentucky man got the gun he used to kill two people in Independence before turning it on himself. Tri-State dog training school's abrupt closure leaves customers seeking major refunds The school initially closed in May, attempted to reopen, and then shut down again in August. Steel fallout creates complaints in one Tri-State city Residents and business owners in Middletown are voicing their concerns over persistent pollution from the operation of a nearby steel plant. Local mother speaks out after adopted children's identities leaked in major system glitch A local mother is searching for answers after the identities of her adopted children were exposed to their birth parents as part of a "system glitch." Local adoptive children's identities exposed to biological parents due to 'system glitch' It's putting children and their adoptive families at risk by allowing biological parents to find children they lost through the criminal justice system. Local 12 Investigates Fallout: Contamination, Cancer, and Death Duane Pohlman produces and hosts a news special, where he uncovers stunning evidence about radioactive releases from the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant. Midnight Rockets: Radioactive gas routinely released from Cold War-era plant in Ohio Stacks of documents Local 12 has obtained confirm the radioactive releases from 1985 through the 1990s. 'Much tougher case to prosecute': Could brawl suspects have self-defense claim? The sixth named suspect in the brawl in downtown Cincinnati was arraigned Thursday. Taxpayer money spent on man cave? Head of housing authority embezzled nearly $100K New information is coming to light regarding the head of a local housing authority busted for embezzling a hundred thousand dollars. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Consumer Alerts What is 'surveillance pricing' and how are you falling victim while shopping? 'The genie’s out of the bottle, unfortunately.' Holiday sales: When to buy, when to wait, and how to avoid getting duped With holiday shopping in full swing, many consumers are questioning whether now is the best time to buy or if waiting until after Christmas makes more sense. Grocery prices are shifting again: What's up, what's down, and how to save Grocery prices across the Tri-State are shifting again, with some items climbing while others are becoming more affordable. See More Right arrow Health Donor of the Week: Fort Mitchell blood donors The demand for blood remains high at the year's end. TriHealth urges UnitedHealthcare patients to take action amid contract dispute TriHealth has issued an alert to patients with UnitedHealthcare, urging them to take action as the two organizations have yet to reach a payment agreement. Cancer survivor celebrates life-saving treatment this holiday season A mother and cancer survivor is expressing gratitude for spending the holidays with her family after a life-saving medical intervention. Hoxworth Blood Center urges donations amid holiday supply crisis Hoxworth Blood Center is urging the community to donate blood, highlighting an increased need during the holiday season. See More Right arrow Bengals Anatomy of Bengals gadget play and the ways in which it made it fun Offensive lineman Cody Ford's 21-yard catch-and-run was a major highlight from Sunday's win over the Arizona Cardinals 'Finish this off the right way': Bengals romp behind best defensive effort of season The Bengals (6-10) improved to 3-2 since Burrow returned from left toe surgery after a 37-14 win over the Cardinals. NFL determines start time for Bengals regular-season finale against Browns With little at stake, the NFL has scheduled the game for Sunday at 1 p.m. It will be televised locally on Local 12. See More Right arrow Good Morning Cincinnati Hamilton County offers tips for eco-friendly holiday cleanup As the holiday season wraps up, Hamilton County ReSource is urging residents to recycle responsibly to mitigate environmental impact. Local veteran support group announces new upgrades and new location A local veteran support group announced that it would be moving, but with that change comes a lot of upgrades. 'Festive Frolic' offers holiday programming at Cincinnati Museum Center A full day of holiday programming will take over Cincinnati Museum Center on Saturday. Kenton County Animal Services hosts 'Silent Night' foster event for pets Kenton County Animal Services is hosting a "Silent Night" foster event from Dec. 19-22 at their Covington shelter. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports WSTR CW Cincinnati Cincinnati Refined Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.