Blog
Team
Contact Us
Log In
Request a demo
Mobile app analytics and marketing for the enterprise

Deliver personalized mobile app campaigns that boost engagement, allowing you to connect with your customers on a deeper, more meaningful level.

Request a demo
The mobile marketing solution to create personalized mobile app experiences that drive engagement, loyalty, and conversion.
Gain a deeper understanding of your mobile app audience.

Know your customers inside and out with powerful app and mobile analytics so you can deliver the brand experiences they want and value.

Discover what drives retention, revenue, loyalty, and conversions
Understand and stop customer churn, app uninstalls, and encourage conversions using predictive analytics
Deliver the next best action through personalized experiences.

Craft campaigns personalized with in-app and external customer data

Combine multiple layers of profile, behavioral and historical data for detailed audience segmentation
Engage across a variety of mobile app channels including app and web push, in-app messages, and app inbox
Drive customer engagement and loyalty.

Keep customers coming back by delivering personalized experiences through effective onboarding, compelling offers, and engaging content.

Improve the app experience.

By knowing how your customers interact with your app, where they abandon actions, or what causes uninstalls, you can make informed decisions to continually improve your app.

Translate app marketing campaigns to meaningful ROI.

Understand how campaigns and messages impact conversions, revenue, engagement, and retention.

In the past year, we've seen over 50% of our reservations come through the app, and it's really shown the importance of mobile for us. We use Localytics to understand and influence every stage of our mobile user journey, starting right from the download.

Tom Hillman

Mobile Marketing Manager, Zipcar

The 6 Ws of Personalization

Learn how to build a framework for intelligent personalization using the 6 Ws you learned in school.

Read the guide
Get great insights from our app analytics tools and deliver app experiences tailored to your audience.

Our software fits the unique needs of diverse industries and audiences to drive deep engagement.

Financial Services & Insurance

Build customer relationships through personalized experiences.

Create onboarding campaigns that empower customers to take control of their financial future

Personalize messaging to guide customers toward the next best action

Retail & eCommerce

Turn window shoppers into loyal customers.

Put personalized deals, promotions, and new product alerts on your customers' lock screen

Increase conversion with abandoned cart campaigns

Media & Entertainment

Create a seamless experience that captivates audiences across channels.

Keep your audience informed with breaking news alerts

Deliver personalized content recommendations based on user interests and behavior

Telecommunications

Transform your business with an enhanced mobile experience.

Craft customer journeys that increase loyalty and retention

Prevent churn by using predictive analytics to act before customers drop off

Travel and Hospitality

Create an app experience that feels like home, no matter where your customers go.

Alert users of promotions for their favorite destinations

Send the most relevant deals and promotions with location-based targeting

Harness the power of connections

Extend customer engagement across all your touchpoints with powerful, seamless integrations

Direct Access

A private connection to your data - whenever you need a question answered, simply type in a SQL query and receive results.

We store the data - no need to manage an expensive data warehouse or maintain a complex ETL process.

Movable Ink

Personalize creatives in your mobile campaigns

Enhance the personalization of your email creatives with mobile app data

End to End APIs

Leverage our full suite of inbound and outbound APIs to capture transactions outside of the mobile app, or send them upstream to your consolidated data lake.

Manage your messaging channels programmatically to build on top of our Push and Audience APIs, no dashboard necessary!

Go beyond personalization

Get to know your customers and drive engaging 1:1 interactions

Rich Mobile App & Web Analytics
Understand how your users are interacting with your app, watch for trends and correlations, and see how your engagement activities impact your customers
Out-of-the-box and custom analytics reports
Explore and filter through your data, access your raw data, and get industry benchmarks to provide more perspective on your results
Save customers at risk of churning or encourage those on the verge of conversion with predictive analytics
Detailed Campaign Reporting
Go beyond clicks and opens to understand engagement, retention, conversions, and impact on churn and uninstalls
Improve ROI by knowing what is driving revenue and loyalty and what is bringing customers back to your app or website
Iterate on and improve your engagement as you discover what resonates with your customers and what campaigns drive desired results
Powerful Mobile App Channels
Engage your app users with personalized app and web push notifications, in-app messages, and app inbox
Unify your customers' digital and physical experiences using location-based messaging and analytics
Intelligent Personalization
Segment audiences using layers of profile, behavioral and historical information for precise personalization
Create interactive experiences that reach across messaging channels using behaviorally triggered campaigns
Take the guesswork out of your campaigns with optimization features like personal delivery time
Know what messages resonate best with advanced A/B testing
Transform complex user data into decisions that elevate your product.

We're your dedicated mobile app engagement partner, helping you develop the most impactful, results-driven campaigns to reach and exceed your goals.

Let's talk
Resources to drive impact.
The Stages of Personalization

Learn how to implement personalization at every stage of the user journey.

Download ebook →
Back to Basics: Your Guide to Building an Effective Mobile Engagement Strategy

A comprehensive guide to understanding and acting on your app analytics.

Download ebook →
Ready to get things done?
Let's get to work

Localytics Headquarters

4901 E Cesar Chavez St

Austin, TX 78702

Company
Team
Careers
Contact
Resources
Blog
Quick Links
Request a Demo
Log In
Knowledge Base
Contact Support

© 2025 Localytics. All rights reserved.

We use cookies to enhance your experience

This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you consent to our use of cookies.

Learn more in our Privacy Policy
DeclineAccept All Cookies