Locally ​ Update Your Location location Guri-si, Gyeonggi-do Nav Opener About Retailers Brands Tools Location Guri-si, Gyeonggi-do Featured Brands Browse all brands Connecting shoppers, brands, & stores. Online & Offline When a shopper makes an online purchase decision but prefers a local pickup or delivery Locally spans the gap. By connecting millions of online shoppers, thousands of local retailers, and hundreds of the world's most popular brands to the fastest-possible logistics, Locally is creating the world's largest, decentralized shopping network. Learn more about us We're spanning the gap. our story Locally was founded in 2013 to address changing consumer behavior. We saw that shoppers wanted to use their devices to shop at local stores, learn about the brands they carry and browse real-time inventory, but there wasn't a way to do that. Locally was founded to fill the gap. Every day, we help millions of shoppers find their favorite brands at nearby stores and complete their purchases using local pickup or delivery. Learn more about us Let's join forces. Locally for Retailers Locally was founded by retailers to help shoppers find and buy products at their favorite nearby stores - keeping those purchases in their communities. Here are the top retailers nearby See all retailers Built to support local shopping. We're creating the world’s largest network of specialty brands and retailers so it’s easier than ever to shop online and buy locally. Learn More Featured tool Store Locator brooks running Engaging experiences for local shoppers. Locally for Brands We help global brands guide shoppers through delightful online-to-offline shopping experiences that keep them immersed in the brand all the way through to successful in-store purchases. Here are the top brands nearby Learn More Keeping shoppers immersed. Internet-connected devices are perfect for doing product research, but great service is always better when it’s delivered within your community. Locally helps shoppers move past the screen and get the best out of both online and offline shopping. Learn More Featured tool See-whats-in-store Google tool Our suite of tools. Brilliant tech. Fulfilling shopping. For many major retailers, online-to-offline shopping represents more than half of their sales. Our tools help every brand and retailer optimize for the most important shopping channel. See all tools Featured tool "Near Me" Transactions Buy It Locally Shoppers expect to be able to place an online order for an in-store or curbside pickup, same-day delivery, or shipment-to-store, not just a shipped box. Locally can help you give them what they want. Learn More Featured tool Local Delivery Buy It Locally Same-day delivery is becoming a high priority for shoppers. But, many stores struggle to implement a solution that is inexpensive and convenient for shoppers. Learn More Featured tool Store Locator On-Site Engagement We’ve upgraded the basic store locator into an immersive shopping tool that can be used to drive local sell-through, strengthen retailer/brand relationships,  and cement loyalty with shoppers. Learn More Featured tool Landing Pages On-Site Engagement Locally Landing Pages enable brands and retailers to drive clicks back to landing pages on their own sites which feature the real-time inventories available at nearby stores. Learn More Featured tool Product Locator On-Site Engagement Our Product Locator steers shoppers to nearby purchases. Locally is one of the few companies in the world closing the gap between what shoppers are looking for online and where they can complete their purchases nearby. Learn More About Retailers Brands Tools We're creating the world's largest network of specialty brands and retailers so it's easier than ever to shop online and buy locally. 509 N Carrollton Ave New Orleans, LA 70119 © 2022 Locally.com. All Rights Reserved. Locally.com is a service of Local Gear Inc. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Reddit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions