Advertisers
Publishers
Decision Marketplace
Company 
Careers
SIGN IN
Smarter decisions, measured results
Powering the future of AI in advertising with
the Decision Marketplace℠
ADVERTISER PARTNERS
PUBLISHER PARTNERS
A two-sided marketplace built for performance
An ad platform and AI optimization engine built from the ground up and designed with the future in mind. Advertisers buy directly through Decide’s ad platform to drive leads and sales. Publishers leverage Decide’s ad platform to monetize their digital properties. The Decision Marketplace℠ maximizes down-funnel performance goals for media buyers while delivering competitive returns for publishers.
Unmeasured spend is a thing of the past
Our ad platform was built for measured media from the ground up. Decide's proprietary attribution technology enables advertisers and publishers to measure value creation with the granularity of a single impression while optimizing toward business outcomes.
Better tools for better outcomes
Create
Demand-side tools for creating effective ads
Serve
Supply-side tools for serving custom, non-standard ads
Measure
Metrics designed for measured media
Monetize
Future-proof strategies for monetizing the open web
Analyze
Advanced dashboard for human-centered analysis
Predict
Machine learning for predicting value creation
Decide
Automated decision making for the real world
Create
Demand-side tools for creating effective ads
Serve
Supply-side tools for serving custom, non-standard ads
Measure
Metrics designed for measured media
Introducing the Decision Marketplace℠
Advertisers and publishers gain access to an ever-growing marketplace of intelligent models that select ads and price impressions for performance-focused outcomes. With each addition, the Decision Marketplace gets smarter.
LEARN MORE
Join us
Be part of the ambitious team that's powering the next era of advertising on the open web.
WHAT TO EXPECT
 OPEN POSITIONS
Solutions
Advertisers
Publishers
Decision Marketplace
Ad Formats
Company
Branding
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Your Privacy Choices  
California Collection Notice
Texas Data Broker Notice
Careers
What to Expect
Open Positions
  
© 2024 Decide Technologies Inc.