Lockton South Korea | Lockton Skip to main content Korea Lockton Re Our Offerings Industries We Serve Offices News & Insights About Us Contact Us We, Lockton Korea, who have been dynamically taking off high in the country of morning calm consist of expert groups professionally dedicated to brokering all lines of commercial insurance and reinsurance. Uncommonly Independent Uncommonly Independent The Lockton Story is Different Jack Lockton founded Lockton Companies in 1966 because he saw an opportunity to change the way insurance brokers do business. He offered something the other brokers could not: an unwavering commitment to clients and a caring culture. Learn More Trusted Risk Solutions for Businesses in South Korea Our experts provide seamless, tailored support whenever and wherever Find us Navigating risk in the fastest-growing market We serve clients both locally and throughout Asia Pacific. We are Lockton Lockton Surpasses $4B in Revenue Global alignment and executive appointments fuel Lockton’s fifth straight year of double-digit organic growth Learn More You belong here At Lockton, your success is our success, and we provide opportunities to help you grow and create a rewarding career path, however you envision it. Join us now! Read more The Lockton Story is Different Jack Lockton founded Lockton Companies in 1966 because he saw an opportunity to change the way insurance brokers do business. He offered something the other brokers could not: an unwavering commitment to clients and a caring culture. Learn More Trusted Risk Solutions for Businesses in South Korea Our experts provide seamless, tailored support whenever and wherever Find us Navigating risk in the fastest-growing market We serve clients both locally and throughout Asia Pacific. We are Lockton Lockton Surpasses $4B in Revenue Global alignment and executive appointments fuel Lockton’s fifth straight year of double-digit organic growth Learn More You belong here At Lockton, your success is our success, and we provide opportunities to help you grow and create a rewarding career path, however you envision it. Join us now! Read more The Lockton Story is Different Jack Lockton founded Lockton Companies in 1966 because he saw an opportunity to change the way insurance brokers do business. He offered something the other brokers could not: an unwavering commitment to clients and a caring culture. Learn More 1 / 5 Welcome to Lockton South Korea Lockton Korea is a team of industry experts specializing in brokering all lines of commercial insurance and reinsurance, driving dynamic growth across multiple sectors. As part of Lockton’s global network spanning over 135 countries, we leverage our international presence to enhance our competitive edge as a leading global broker. With our deep expertise, we are the undisputed leader in professional indemnity insurance and highly competitive in risk coverage for construction, erection works, and solar power plants. Additionally, we maintain a strong presence in traditional insurance lines, including property, marine hull, and marine cargo, solidifying our position as a trusted industry leader. 록톤 그룹은 전 세계 135개국에서 약 13,100명의 전문가들이 65,000개 이상의 기업을 위해 맞춤형 리스크 관리와 보험 솔루션을 제공하는 글로벌 리더입니다. 우리는 고객과 직원을 가장 중요한 가치로 삼으며, 고객의 성공을 위해 장기적 관점에서 최적의 결정을 내립니다. 탁월한 전문성과 글로벌 네트워크를 기반으로 각 산업의 특성에 맞춘 전략적 컨설팅을 제공하며, 혁신적인 서비스 품질로 94%의 높은 계약 유지율을 꾸준히 이어가고 있습니다. 또한, 록톤 그룹은 신뢰와 투명성을 바탕으로 고객과의 장기적 파트너십을 구축하고, 사회적 책임과 지속 가능한 경영을 실천하며 글로벌 시장에서의 경쟁력을 강화하고 있습니다. Key Contacts Ben Son President & CEO Ben.Son@lockton.com Jay Park Assistant Vice President / Team Head Marketing & IT jay.park@lockton.com Get in touch Korea-Helpdesk@lockton.com News & Insights There is always something exciting happening at Lockton. Here are just a few from our newsroom. 1 / 4 — Articles Why Cyber Business Interruption Insurance Is a Lifeline for Retailers in Asia Technology drives retail today—powering e-commerce platforms, inventory systems, and payment gateways. With 62.6% of global e-commerce originating in the Asia Pacific region (1), this key market represents both a growth engine for retailers and an ap … Read Article — Articles Renewable Energy Why risk needs to be part of your renewable project narrative As part of a global push towards a decarbonised grid, renewable project developers and investors are navigating increasingly complex risks, often beyond what standard project planning and contractual counterparty negotiations can manage. Proactive ri … Read Article — Articles Risk Management Inside Risk: lithium-ion battery returns – managing property fire risk in the retail secto … Lithium-ion batteries have become both ubiquitous and essential to our modern lives. Utilised in our homes, workplaces, and transportation, lithium-ion batteries provide a readily available and reliable source of power for devices, such as cars, e-bi … Read Article — Articles Cargo & Logistics Ensuring the right cargo cover amid tariff uncertainty Read Article View All Insights We're here to help No matter what risks you face, we’ll help you through innovative solutions tailor-made for your business—even if we need to invent them anew. Talk to our team Rethinking employee benefits solutions The investments you make in employee benefits deserve maximum returns. We have the expertise to assess your company’s employee benefit needs and the resources to implement a plan structured just for you. No matter your industry, Lockton has solutions for your business needs From aerospace to telecommunications, we have experts that will meet your business where it's at to ensure you can focus on growth Our job is very simple – to make our clients’ business better. Businesses are looking to brokers for more than just transactions. They want an adviser who can help them reach their business goals. Lockton has been changing the conversation with clients by seeking to understand their business and help them view those goals through a new lens. Rethinking employee benefits solutions The investments you make in employee benefits deserve maximum returns. We have the expertise to assess your company’s employee benefit needs and the resources to implement a plan structured just for you. No matter your industry, Lockton has solutions for your business needs From aerospace to telecommunications, we have experts that will meet your business where it's at to ensure you can focus on growth Our job is very simple – to make our clients’ business better. Businesses are looking to brokers for more than just transactions. They want an adviser who can help them reach their business goals. Lockton has been changing the conversation with clients by seeking to understand their business and help them view those goals through a new lens. Rethinking employee benefits solutions The investments you make in employee benefits deserve maximum returns. We have the expertise to assess your company’s employee benefit needs and the resources to implement a plan structured just for you. No matter your industry, Lockton has solutions for your business needs From aerospace to telecommunications, we have experts that will meet your business where it's at to ensure you can focus on growth With a global footprint of 135+ offices, there’s sure to be one near you. Find an office *135+ Lockton offices and partner offices worldwide Click here to return to the APAC homepage Our Story Products & Services APAC > News & Insights Culture & Careers Contact Us Worldwide Global United States United Kingdom Europe Middle East / North Africa Australia Asia Latin America Cookies Notice Compensation Disclosure Privacy Notice Policy and Procedure Terms of use Lockton Philippines Privacy Statement Cookies Settings © 2025 Lockton Companies. All rights reserved.