Contact Sales
Support
Partners
Sign In
Products
Solutions
Resources
Company
MSPs
Find Your Right Product
Pricing
Features
Resources
Solutions
Request a Demo
See what's new with LogMeIn Rescue! Learn how our latest product updates can revolutionize your IT Support. Learn More
Enterprise Remote Support as tough as you
Increasing security threats? Limited resources? LogMeIn Rescue Enterprise Remote Support software is built to beat every challenge.
Request a Demo
Start for Free
Trusted for more than 1 billion remote sessions
No matter how big your enterprise is – or how fast it grows – your remote support software should scale. LogMeIn Rescue is helping organizations increase efficiency and save time whether they are supporting employees or customers.
Your support bar is high. So is ours.
LogMeIn Rescue’s remote support software saved both time and money for customers. But don’t take our word for it. Over a period of three years, a Forrester Total Economic Impact™ study found:
Total ROI – payback on investment in less  than 6 months
Less time to complete service tickets when technicians use Rescue
faster customer issue resolutions when support agents use Rescue
Multi-Platform Support

Reach any user on any platform with seamless support regardless of the operating system to quickly connect and solve problems.

Windows 7+
Mac OS High Sierra+
Google Chrome OS
Linux
iOS 16+
Android 5.0+
Intel vPro
AI for LogMeIn Rescue

Faster Resolutions, Streamlined Support, and Simplified Workflows

Quickly identify device issues – like high resource use or frequent crashes – for faster resolutions.
Eliminate manual searches and instantly interpret screenshots and error messages to deliver real-time troubleshooting recommendations.
Save time with automatic session documentation for accurate, reliable records and knowledge sharing.
Learn More
Request a Demo
One-click, any-device access

Start a remote support session in seconds on any mobile device, tablet or computer with LogMeIn Rescue.

Quickly pull system information, remote control, push device configurations – even integrate with apps – on any device, in or outside the network.

Industry-leading security

Stay ahead of threats and shield your business with LogMeIn Rescue.

With out-of-the-box features like permission-based security and controls, PIN code validation and IP restrictions, data residency and storage customization – plus the protection you expect from SSO, AD Sync and 256-bit AES encryption.

Provide Secure Support
Game-changing efficiency

Centralized processes and seamless integrations ensure agents and employees can tackle any issue – fast.

LogMeIn Rescue lets help desk technicians identify and deliver effective resolutions without interruptions – even on inactive devices.

Brand customization

Take control of how your customers experience remote desktop support.

With a customizable interface for enterprises, you can personalize every inch of customer support – from your calling card and chat tool, to the SDK and 10+ connection methods to choose from.

Customize Your Experience
Simplified IT Administration 

Manage everything in one centralized command center where you can tailor custom security settings, build unlimited user groups, session recording, and real-time team performance monitoring to keep everyone up and running.

Streamline Admin Tasks
Don’t take our word for it. See what our customers love about LogMeIn Rescue.
Rescue has become a valued part of our team allowing us succeed without issue related downtime
Incentivized Review

With a 100% remote team, someone cannot just stop by their office and show them how to fix an issue. Rescue has made it so that it is almost as good as having someone present to show how to best solve a problem. We no lo... 

Kenneth Cameron
Principal Managing Partner
YOL9X
Legal Services | 51-200 employees
Read full review
LogMeIn Rescue is the only SOS signal you need for user support
Incentivized Review

I believe that LogMeIn Rescue is extremely suitable for users of all levels of technical prowess. The user interaction is minimal, and the agent is available to take over at every step of the way. From problem resolution... 

Carlos Alvarez
Information Technology Director
Amatheon Animal Health
Pharmaceuticals | 51-200 employees
Read full review
LogMeIn Rescue Review
Incentivized Review

We remote in to customers' Point of Sale Terminals, [.  ] Payment devices, and even sometimes laptops in order to troubleshoot their devices the best we can. Our job is to help the customer run their business as smoothly... 

Christopher DeClou
Customer Support Consultant
Epos Now
Information Services | 5001-10,000 employees
Read full review
Rethink Enterprise IT
Experience remote support software built with the unique IT challenges in mind. With features like 40+ technician permissions, 10+ connection methods, powerful in-session features, live reporting and more, you can get—and keep—everyone up and running the easy way.
Frequently Asked Questions
Show All
Hide All

Why LogMeIn Rescue?

Who should use LogMeIn Rescue's remote IT support software?

What devices does LogMeIn Rescue support? 

What operating system does LogMeIn Rescue support?

What integrations does LogMeIn Rescue offer?

Award-winning
Customer Support
Category-leading
IT Solution
Ready to make IT support easy?

Deliver enterprise-level remote support for your clients with the tools you need to efficiently assess, manage, and secure your IT help desk—all from a centralized platform.

Request Demo
PRODUCTS
LogMeIn Resolve
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Miradore
GoToMyPC
GoTo Connect
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Meeting
Grasshopper
SOLUTIONS
RMM
Remote Access
Remote Support
Mobile Device Management
MSPs
IT Asset Management
Enterprise Remote Support
RESOURCES
Find Your Right Product
Resource Center
Downloads
Blog
Customer Stories
Webinars & Training
Analyst Reports
Glossary
COMPANY
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Leadership
Legal
Trust & Security
Careers
Contact Us
Affiliate Partners
Practically Tomorrow Podcast
SOCIAL HANDLES

© 2025 GoTo | All Rights Reserved

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy
Imprint
Trademark
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Sitemap

English

Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site
This website uses cookies and other technologies to function, personalize your experience, analyze how users engage with us, and tailor advertising to you. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy. Clicking the "x" to close this banner or interacting with our website without interacting with this banner will accept all cookies and other tracking technologies.
Manage Settings
Accept All
Reject Optional
Powered by: