Contact Sales
Support
Partners
Sign In
Products
Solutions
Resources
Company
MSPs
Find Your Right Product
See what's new at LogMeIn! Learn how our latest product updates can revolutionize your IT Support. Learn More
Secure, manage, and support endpoints everywhere
Seamless unified endpoint management & remote support software built for IT professionals and MSPs
Explore LogMeIn Resolve
Start for Free
LogMeIn Rescue: enterprise-grade IT software
For fast, frictionless remote support, get enterprise software designed with all the security features and customizations your teams need to take on any IT challenge.
Explore LogMeIn Rescue
Take control of your IT infrastructure

Reduce complexity, enhance productivity, and stay ahead of today's security demands with our AI-driven unified endpoint management, remote support, and remote access software.

Discover Resolve for MSPs

Scale your business securely with a single streamlined IT support solution built to manage everything and solve anything.

Explore MSP Solutions
Resolve
Stay on top of your IT needs with the all-in-one IT management and support solution featuring native remote access, RMM, ticketing, MDM and more.
Explore LogMeIn Resolve
Central
Maintain and secure your IT infrastructure from anywhere with powerful remote monitoring and management software.
Explore LogMeIn Central
Rescue
Save time and money with our comprehensive enterprise IT remote support software designed with market-leading security features.
Explore LogMeIn Rescue
Pro
Stay fully connected and productive with secure, simple file access from any PC, Mac, or mobile devices – on any network.
Explore LogMeIn Pro
GoToMyPC
Securely access your Mac or PC from any device to view office files, data, and applications on the go.
Explore GoToMyPC
IT solutions trusted worldwide by organizations of every size
Highlights from LogMeIn

Explore the latest advancements in LogMeIn’s remote IT support software. 

Resolve MDM
Simplify Unified Endpoint Management (UEM) of company & BYOD devices across Android, iOS, Windows & Mac
Automated Configuration & Setup
App & OS Deployment/Updates
Enforced Security, Compliance & Restrictions
Learn More
Rescue AI
Maximize efficiency with in-session AI tools that analyze, recommend, and automate. 
AI-Generated Session Summaries
Real-Time AI-Interpreted Screenshot & Error Analysis
AI-Automated Device Analysis
Learn More
Data Protection Suite
Protect your fleet with broad backup coverage and advanced endpoint security, powered by Acronis.
Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery
SaaS Backup
Endpoint Security (XDR/EDR)
Learn More
User-friendly
Designed for easy adoption and intuitive use, regardless of expertise.
Secure
Advanced security controls for data and infrastructure.
Value-driven
Efficient solutions that accelerate return on investment.
What LogMeIn users are saying:
Resolve’s user and agent friendly remote support functionality is invaluable. When you layer that with their new, intuitive MSP management features, this will be a key tool for us for a long time.
Yaron Assabi
Founder Digital Solutions Group
Like with any other service, you want something that's smooth, easy to use, and less of an uplift for the end user. That's the level of support Rescue lets us provide.”
Michael O'Leary
Manager Client Services at SNHU
Not sure which product is right for you?
Try our 1-minute Product Selector to find out which one of our products fits your organization best.
Find Your Right Product
 

*Qualitest competitive analysis report, “GoTo Rescue Competitive Analysis Report V05 June 2024,” June 20, 2024 comparing LogMeIn Rescue to BeyondTrust and TeamViewer for Windows remote session for in web consoles.

**A commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting, 2023

PRODUCTS
LogMeIn Resolve
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Miradore
GoToMyPC
GoTo Connect
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Meeting
Grasshopper
SOLUTIONS
RMM
Remote Access
Remote Support
Mobile Device Management
MSPs
IT Asset Management
Enterprise Remote Support
RESOURCES
Find Your Right Product
Resource Center
Downloads
Blog
Customer Stories
Webinars & Training
Analyst Reports
Glossary
COMPANY
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Leadership
Legal
Trust & Security
Careers
Contact Us
Affiliate Partners
Practically Tomorrow Podcast
SOCIAL HANDLES

© 2025 GoTo | All Rights Reserved

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy
Imprint
Trademark
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Sitemap

English

Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site
This website uses cookies and other technologies to function, personalize your experience, analyze how users engage with us, and tailor advertising to you. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy. Clicking the "x" to close this banner or interacting with our website without interacting with this banner will accept all cookies and other tracking technologies.
Manage Settings
Accept All
Reject Optional
Powered by: