Contact Us
EN
Sign In
Logos Bible Study App
2025 Libraries (Best Value)
Books & Courses
Deals
Support & Training

Join us for The Word Together study Jan. 5–9! Dig into Psalm 91 with special guest teachers.

12 Days of Logos Deals Are Here

See all deals

The Best of 2025, Now Up to 40% Off

Shop the sale

A Free Book Just for You & Even More Deals.

Get it now

Study the Word

The Bible Is an Ancient Book. How Do You Know You’re Reading It Well?

Get the #1 Bible app for transformative study, preaching, and teaching.

4.9

over 185K reviews

Start 30-day free trial
Scripture Is Too Important to Study Poorly

It’s essential to handle Scripture well—and that requires spending elusive time in deep study, consulting Bible experts, and lots of prayer. But how can you be confident you’ve reached the best conclusions?

With Logos, Anyone Can Understand What the Bible Says

Will you ever know it all? Of course not! But Logos’s mix of powerful tools and Bible-focused content helps you follow the Spirit’s lead in understanding Scripture. Redeem the time you have with Bible study tools that go where you do.

Follow your curiosity & find joy in your study

Keep asking questions and getting (cited!) answers you can trust from resources in Logos. It’s “the greatest addition in 13 years,” one user says.

Start 30-day free trial
See what the Bible says about anything

Ask a question as deep as “What’s the purpose of life?” or as simple as a single word, “Trinity.” Find answers you’re actually looking for from Scripture and quality books in seconds.

Start 30-day free trial
Better understand your Bible, even at a glance

Search passages or figures in the Bible. Look up historical events. Explore themes and concepts across Scripture. Finally, here’s everything you need for Bible study rabbit trails—all in one app.

Start 30-day free trial
Get guidance through any kind of study

Start a deep dive on any Greek or Hebrew word. Unlock premade and customizable templates for Bible study or for starting a sermon. Access every counseling resource in your library.

Start 30-day free trial
What is Logos? Watch it in action:
We’re Here to Help You Study Scripture with Confidence

01

A 24/7 Bible research assistant

for as little as 27 cents a day

02

Whole theological libraries

fully searchable, curated for your needs, and often costing less than the price of a commentary set

03

Free support and training

from Logos experts, live or on-demand when you need it

250,000+ Christian Books & Courses

Affordable, searchable, and covering any topic or book of the Bible you’re studying, with more added regularly

Join the 6 Million Students of Scripture Who Rely on Logos
Chris D.
“Logos has transformed my study of the Bible. It has drawn me closer to Jesus in ways I never expected.”
Casey S., preaching since 1999
“If I couldn't use Logos anymore, the thing I'd miss most is the convenience and power of being able to do so much so fast. ... I'd miss the ability to bless the Lord's church with good scholarship in short order.”
Matthew B., pastor since 2021
“The flexibility to use it from anywhere … has been life changing. Because what will happen is I'm like, ‘Oh, I was wondering what the Bible says about this. And I could pull it up in Logos.’”
Eusebio P., small group leader
“If you're really serious about doing Bible studies and word searches and really studying the Bible, you really need to get Logos because it's really that powerful.”
See How Believers Like You Use Logos Every Day

01

For Leading Bible Studies

See how

02

For Preaching & Teaching

See how

03

For Studying the Languages

See how

Helping people around the world Know the Word and know God.

Join for updates, special offers, and more.

888-563-0382
|
customerservice@logos.com
Company Info
About Logos
Contact
Careers
Referral Program
Terms of Service
Press
Manage
Logos Account
Subscriptions
Email Preferences
Logos Group Solutions
Group Admin Portal
Support
Logos Help Center
Installation
Blog
Forums
FAQs
Live Chat

Copyright 2025 Logos | Privacy

Feedback
How would you rate your experience?
Hate
Love
Next