The most user-friendly localization platform | Lokalise Product Mobile app translation Website translation Software translation Game translation Live chat translation AI translation Workflows Analytics Professional translation services In-context editor Security Figma Github Jira Gitlab Bitbucket Webflow Wordpress Developers Product managers Translators Designers Enterprise Localisation managers Customer service Resources Blog Product tour Case studies Courses Library Documentation Become a partner Find a partner Changelog Borderless Newsletter Careers Explore Developers Translation API iOS SDK Android SDK Webhooks CLI Developer hub Get started Pricing Log in Try it free 1:1 demo Interactive demo Start a chat Product Resources Developers Pricing Log in Try it free Demo Product Resources Developers Pricing Demo Log in Try it free Customers rated us #1 Reach global, speak local Automate and collaborate on all your translation and localization projects. Accelerate international growth and create more meaningful customer experiences. Lokalise is loved by tech teams at 3000+ global companies Start free trial Chat with Lokalise team 14-day trial. No credit card required. “Lokalise provides an excellent platform for managing multiple localization projects in one place. Its continuous localization capabilities are intuitive and make it easy to keep content up to date.” Zhanina Z. Localization Expert Start translating your Mobile apps Localize design and UI copy for iOS and Android. Translate now Games Localize games for players in every market. Translate now Website Connect your code repo, Figma, and CMS. Translate now Documentation Translate guides and FAQs into every language. Translate now Marketing Connect your content tools to localize blogs, campaigns, and emails. Translate now Your localization structure the way you want Create continuous localization workflows Reduce time-consuming manual tasks and empower developers to localize at twice the speed. Auto-translate with AI translation Set up automation rules with a few clicks Auto-approve and reuse translations Jump-start localization with GitHub Start free trial Translate 8X faster with AI and no loss in quality Accelerate the pace of software translation with Lokalise AI. Get translations that are accurate and ready to use the first time around – and save up to 70% in costs. Add a style guide to give the AI context Correctly translate niche terminology Translate in bulk into 30+ languages Learn more about AI Localize at scale with an industry-leading API The Lokalise RESTful API is supported by clear how-to documentation and script templates for faster implementation. 95 endpoints Control and automate translation tasks with a feature-rich API. 33 webhooks Get notified about updates in your localization projects. 10 pre-made SDKs Jump-start multilingual projects without crafting custom solutions. Try Lokalise API The “Git” for localization No more chasing text across spreadsheets, dev environments, and design files — organize and unify projects, locales, translation strings, and teams in one place. Work on multiple branches of your project Track changes and revert them if needed Connect GitHub , Figma , and Jira translations Start free trial Withings increases the speed of rolling out to new markets 90% faster feature rollout 9 hour decrease in manual work Read story “With Lokalise’s Figma integration, I’ve eliminated my operational workload and can now focus on performance to improve the overall experience for our customers.” Romain Dahan Product Manager A feature set for everyone on your team Software developer Product manager Designer Localization manager Github, GitLab, Figma Loop translation software into your development workflow, improving efficiency and collaboration. SDKs and OTA Translate apps without building and submitting a new release, and let teams update dynamic content on the fly. Developer Hub Get access to clear documentation , API tutorials, changelogs, and tech support that focuses on true resolution. Start free trial Everything in sync in one place See all integrations The localization software for successful global launches 1 1 Connect your tools Bring localization into different stages of your product development process via out-of-the-box integrations or an API. 2 2 Automate workflows Automate translation imports, updates, and exports, QA checks, and task handoffs. 3 3 Translate with AI or linguists Use Lokalise AI for quick and accurate translation at scale, invite in-house translators to collaborate inside Lokalise, or hire translators from inside the platform. 4 4 Review, test, and launch Test products to make sure they resonate with target markets. Lokalise has 13 built-in QA checks and AI-powered QA reports that you can get with one click. 5 5 Analyze localization ROI Dig into localization and translation data with Lokalise Analytics to know how to optimize processes and get the best ROI. Best-in-class guidance and support team Our customers agree: 95% consider us a great partner in their localization journey. We’re rated highest in the industry for customer support. Our expert team provides real solutions, technical expertise, and resources to get you started quickly and keep localization moving smoothly. Experience hassle-free localization with us! Start free trial HiBob saves time, money and scales localization with Lokalise 70% faster collaboration 50% savings on language launches Read story “In the previous tool, it was all manual. Bulk actions were less flexible, so it took days versus hours to get stuff done. When I switched to Lokalise my performance increased by about 50%” Pavel Riazanov Senior Localization, Project Manager Related Blogposts · Localization Best Practices We tested top 10 AI translation tools so you don’t have to Can AI translation tools really replace human translators? The debate around AI vs human translation is ongoing. Not quite, but they can still save you tons of time and effort. At Lokalise, we tested the top ten AI translation tools to find out which ones are worth your attention. If you’re wondering what is AI translation, it refers to the use of Read more We tested top 10 AI translation tools so you don’t have to · Developer Guides & Tutorials Translate HTML code: How to translate HTML into different languages with examples In the previous articles we have seen how to internationalize jquery i18n, Angular, and Vue applications. However, one might still ask: “How can I translate HTML?”, “Is there an HTML translator application?” and the answer is yes! So, in this article, I will explain how to get started on translating HTML code into different languages using Lokalise: a simple yet very powerf Read more Translate HTML code: How to translate HTML into different languages with examples · AI Translation · Localization Best Practices What is the best LLM for translation? A comparison of top AI translation models LLMs are now outperforming traditional machine translation tools with remarkable consistency, so now begs the question, which is the best LLM for translation? 🔖 Bookmark this article Our product team… Read more What is the best LLM for translation? A comparison of top AI translation models Show more Stop wasting time with manual localization tasks. Launch global products days from now. Start free trial Request a demo Case studies Behind the scenes of localization with one of Europe’s leading digital health providers Read more Case studies Product AI translation AWS Marketplace Integrations Security Pricing Analytics Support Contact Documentation Status Product updates CLI tool API reference iOS SDK Android SDK Supported file formats Chat with Sales Chat with Sales Company About Blog Careers 🚀 Library Partners Case studies Media kit Subscription Preferences Localization Courses Legal Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Cookies settings DPA List of sub-processors Candidates privacy notice Imprint Dev Hub Terms Follow Localization workflow for your web and mobile apps,
games and digital content. ©2017-2025 All Rights Reserved.