LoohpJames' Space 香港（中文） star star star Loohp​James Welcome to my personal space on the internet! language Make yourself comfortable and enjoy your stay :P You can keep your shoes on, it's fine. Thanks for stopping by! Feel free to contact me via: Discord: LOOHP (loohpjames) My Development Discord: Invite Link - Plugin bug reports here Email: [email protected] GitHub: LOOHP Adorable Nars: @narliar 🐇 Huge thanks to Kaly, the artist behind my profile picture! Click here for her Instagram! expand_more About Me person I am from Hong Kong and am currently living in London. Recently, I've been developing some Bukkit/Spigot (Minecraft) plugins. You can check out my plugins below! Other than that, I've also been developing side projects for fun! You can find them on my GitHub, which is also down below! I enjoy some arts and literature as well, even though I am not good at it. I guess me being not good at it caused it to feel even more interesting(? Other than those mentioned above, I also like looking at maps, borders and politics. And obviously YouTube is my favourite place whenever I need a break. I like channels that explores everything, such as history, politics and science. As well as gaming videos every once a while, of course. Treasures every single person I'm lucky enough to cross paths with. Highlights of My Past & Ongoing Projects computer Interactive​Chat & Addon SpigotMC (Minecraft) Server Plugin InteractiveChat is a Minecraft plugin that adds the ability to shows your Minecraft game items in hand, inventory content and ender chest content with your friends! With it's DiscordSRV Addon , this functionality even extend to your Discord channels! View on SpigotMC Currently over ... Downloads! Interaction​Visualizer SpigotMC (Minecraft) Server Plugin InteractionVisualizer is a Minecraft plugin that visualize Function Blocks like Crafting Tables with Animations! Elevating the Minecraft experience! View on SpigotMC Currently over ... Downloads! Lottery​Six SpigotMC (Minecraft) Server Plugin LotterySix brings MarkSix (六合彩) , the lottery game of Hong Kong since 1975, into Minecraft. Sharing the Hong Kong lottery experience with the world! It also comes with a LotterySix-Calculator web app, helping server admins set up the plugin, as well as players viewing their odds and prizes. View on SpigotMC , Live Web App Currently over ... Downloads! Limbo Minecraft Server Implementation Limbo is a Minecraft server implementation! Not a usual SpigotMC (Minecraft) Plugin! It is designed and built from scratch via adapting to the Minecraft network protocol. It is used to serve as a strip-down, low memory and CPU usage server to accomodate players while waiting to join the actual Minecraft Server. Sort of like a waiting room. View on SpigotMC Currently over ... Downloads! HK KMB BBI Fare Calculator Standalone Web App HK KMB Bus Interchange (BBI) Fare Calculator (九巴轉乘車費計算機) is a web app built to calculate bus interchange routes and fares on Hong Kong Kowloon Motor Bus routes. The data source automatically update routes once a day via GitHub Actions, ensuring all information is up to date! View Live Web App HK Bus ETA Multiplatform App HK Bus ETA (香港巴士到站預報) is a Multiplatform App for checking Hong Kong public transport info built using Kotlin Multiplatform and Compose Multiplatform . The app supports Android, iOS (& Apple Silicon Mac), with wearable smartwatch integration for WearOS and watchOS, and Web. Users can lookup many different modes of public transport including but not limited to buses and the MTR (HK Metro). The data source automatically update routes once a day via GitHub Actions, ensuring all information is up to date! Special credit to hkbus.app . View screenshots on Google Play or the App Store. Or View Live Web App (Mobile not recommended) Milestones trending_up Current Total Downloads on SpigotMC There are a total of ... downloads across all SpigotMC (Minecraft) projects! Current Total Usage of Minecraft Plugins There are a total of ... servers with a total of ... players ! Current Request Count on "api.loohpjames.com" There are a total of ... requests all-time! ( ... in this hour, ... in this month) These are not the only ones! read_more View more of my projects & stats here! Projects on GitHub Projects on my Build Server Apps on Google Play Projects on SpigotMC Projects on Modrinth Plugin Stats on BStats My Home City - Hong Kong 香港 home_work I'm pretty sure at this point, you've probably heard about the city at least once or twice. It's a city between the east and the west. Being a British colony in the past made the city a perfect fuse of the two, where Chinese tea mixes with British milk tea and where cafes met with Yum Cha (飲茶) . However, recently the city's autonomy and democracy are being threatened from across the border. Freedom of speech and thoughts are core values we treasure and is a right to all humans born to this world. If you are reading from a western country who's enjoying such freedoms, please hold on to it! If you are from a place who is also fighting for freedom, we are with you! Click here for a nice playlist I found about Hong Kong! Hong Kong Skyline Forever auto_awesome My Traces on the Internet link