Looker business intelligence platform embedded analytics | Google Cloud Page Contents Looker Product Documentation Looker Release Notes Looker Training Gartner recognizes Google as a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms. Looker Analyze governed data, deliver business insights, and build AI-powered applications Build the foundation for responsible data insights with Looker. Leveraging Google’s deep roots and track record of AI-led innovation, Looker delivers the most intelligent BI solution by combining foundational AI, cloud-first infrastructure, industry leading APIs, and our flexible semantic layer. Try it free Request demo Product highlights: API-first platform with composable BI Business-friendly AI powered analytics with governed, modeled data Open and trusted semantic model Google-easy dashboarding Unleash Data's Full Potential: The Looker Story 1:43 video Features Transform your data landscape into a unified, trusted source for AI and human analysis alike with Looker’s universal semantic modeling layer Looker’s trusted modeling layer provides a single place to curate and govern the metrics most important to your business. This means that users will see consistent results regardless of where they are consumed. In order for you to use this consistent trustworthy information in your tools of choice, we have opened up the Looker modeling layer to our ecosystem and are actively engaged with our partners to ensure the information in your Looker platform doesn’t stay there. The Foundation of Trustworthy AI 4:02 Conversational Analytics to talk with and trust your data Conversational Analytics is a chat-with-your-data feature that is powered by Gemini for Google Cloud. Conversational Analytics empowers users to go beyond static dashboards and ask data-related questions in regular, natural language, even with little or no expertise in business intelligence. You can also leverage Google’s latest Gemini models with your own custom applications through the Conversational Analytics API . Looker Conversational Analytics 5:16 Build custom data experiences and data apps with Looker’s powerful embedded capabilities Embedded analytics goes beyond placing dashboards in apps. It's about transforming data into deeply integrated, value-driving experiences. With Looker, fully interactive dashboards can be seamlessly integrated into your applications. The robust API coverage allows you to do just about anything from the UI through API. This unlocks limitless possibilities to create data experiences beyond a Looker dashboard. In addition, Looker extensions integrate directly with Vertex AI , enabling powerful custom AI workflows and advanced analytics within your Looker instance. Looker's Embedded Analytics 2:28 Simplify and secure your analytics with Looker on Google Cloud Looker on Google Cloud takes the existing powerful capabilities from the Looker platform and seamlessly integrates it into the secure Google Cloud ecosystem. Features our customers have come to love and expect in all Google Cloud products are now also available with Looker on Google Cloud, including SSO with Google Cloud IAM , private networking, seamless integration with BigQuery , and a unified Terms of Service. Looker Core on Google Cloud 2:29 Bring your insights to life with out-of-the-box visual, real-time, and self-service analytics Looker offers enterprise dashboards that are real-time, built on governed data, offers repeatable analysis, and inspires in-depth understanding of the data. Users can explore existing tiles, asking new questions, expanding filters, and drilling down to row level detail to fully understand the data behind a metric. Looker Studio offers interactive, collaborative, and ad hoc reports and dashboards, with access to over 1,000 data sources and connectors and a flexible drag-and-drop canvas. You have the option to perform ad hoc analysis on both governed and unmodeled data. It's free, fast, and easy to start. View all features How It Works Looker is Google for your business data and enables you to make your organization's information accessible and useful. Looker Studio enables you to tell impactful, insightful stories with engaging reports and data visualizations. Together, you put inspiration and opportunity into the hands of the people who make things happen. Get started with Looker Looker: Google for your business data Common Uses Reduce cross-cloud spending Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for cloud cost management Many large companies now use multiple cloud platforms (multicloud or hybrid cloud). This leads to complex billing from multiple providers, and current solutions often lack transparency or are too expensive. Companies need a cost-effective way to gain insights into their cross-cloud spending and optimize their costs. With Looker, you get robust out-of-the-box reporting for your day-to-day needs and long-term optimization initiatives. Looker helps you easily identify the one-off high cost problems faster and slow burn global inefficiencies sooner. Looker for cloud cost management Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for cloud cost management Many large companies now use multiple cloud platforms (multicloud or hybrid cloud). This leads to complex billing from multiple providers, and current solutions often lack transparency or are too expensive. Companies need a cost-effective way to gain insights into their cross-cloud spending and optimize their costs. With Looker, you get robust out-of-the-box reporting for your day-to-day needs and long-term optimization initiatives. Looker helps you easily identify the one-off high cost problems faster and slow burn global inefficiencies sooner. Looker for cloud cost management Analyze marketing data Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for Google Marketing Platform Marketers need to analyze and activate their first-party data but lack a friendly, interactive UI from which to do it from. While this has always been a desire/need, the shifts in data regulations and browser privacy has made this a must-solve problem. Looker acts as a user interface for this solution. With out-of-the-box analytics (data exploration and dashboards), you can build custom segments from first party data. Looker also offers packaged activation paths to places like Google Analytics, so you can activate those segments. Looker for Google Marketing Platform Looker for Google Marketing Platform Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for Google Marketing Platform Marketers need to analyze and activate their first-party data but lack a friendly, interactive UI from which to do it from. While this has always been a desire/need, the shifts in data regulations and browser privacy has made this a must-solve problem. Looker acts as a user interface for this solution. With out-of-the-box analytics (data exploration and dashboards), you can build custom segments from first party data. Looker also offers packaged activation paths to places like Google Analytics, so you can activate those segments. Looker for Google Marketing Platform Looker for Google Marketing Platform Create custom data and AI applications Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for gen AI applications Companies are eager to increase data analytics adoption, but the technical learning curve hinders widespread use. While generative AI (gen AI) promises to transform data interaction, businesses struggle to get started and have concerns about the reliability of AI-generated results. Looker adds an API-first platform that is easy to create and customize data applications, a semantic layer to provide trusted metrics, an in-database architecture to optimize the performance and scalability of the cloud, and gen AI integration to provide a natural language interface into the application. Looker gen AI extension on GitHub Explore Assistant Demo Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for gen AI applications Companies are eager to increase data analytics adoption, but the technical learning curve hinders widespread use. While generative AI (gen AI) promises to transform data interaction, businesses struggle to get started and have concerns about the reliability of AI-generated results. Looker adds an API-first platform that is easy to create and customize data applications, a semantic layer to provide trusted metrics, an in-database architecture to optimize the performance and scalability of the cloud, and gen AI integration to provide a natural language interface into the application. Looker gen AI extension on GitHub Explore Assistant Demo Monetize your business data Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for data monetization Data monetization is the process of leveraging the data your organization already collects to create new revenue streams or business value. Looker is ideal for data monetization because it allows you to create tailored data products, embed analytics seamlessly, scale with your business, and maintain data security. Monetize data with embedded analytics Data Monetization GIF Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for data monetization Data monetization is the process of leveraging the data your organization already collects to create new revenue streams or business value. Looker is ideal for data monetization because it allows you to create tailored data products, embed analytics seamlessly, scale with your business, and maintain data security. Monetize data with embedded analytics Data Monetization GIF More productive collaboration Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for Workspace Customers struggle to understand the usage of productivity and collaboration solutions like Google Workspace across the organization, and are often unprepared for security audits of these tools. With the Looker Block for Workspace, you get modeled schemas for Gmail, login, Drive, Meet, and rules. In addition, you get two out-of-the-box dashboards on Security Audit and Adoption and Collaboration, where you can drill down to row level audit log details. Other Looker for Workspace solutions include: Looker for Connected Sheets, to explore modeled data from Looker within Sheets and bring the power of LookML to the spreadsheet, and Looker Studio integration with Google Sheets, transforming Sheets data into interactive visualizations. Visit the Looker Marketplace Looker for Workspace Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for Workspace Customers struggle to understand the usage of productivity and collaboration solutions like Google Workspace across the organization, and are often unprepared for security audits of these tools. With the Looker Block for Workspace, you get modeled schemas for Gmail, login, Drive, Meet, and rules. In addition, you get two out-of-the-box dashboards on Security Audit and Adoption and Collaboration, where you can drill down to row level audit log details. Other Looker for Workspace solutions include: Looker for Connected Sheets, to explore modeled data from Looker within Sheets and bring the power of LookML to the spreadsheet, and Looker Studio integration with Google Sheets, transforming Sheets data into interactive visualizations. Visit the Looker Marketplace Looker for Workspace A dynamic data analytics powerhouse Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for BigQuery Looker and BigQuery together form a dynamic data analytics powerhouse, transforming raw information into actionable insights that drive business growth. BigQuery's unparalleled ability to store and process massive datasets seamlessly integrates with Looker's intuitive, Google-friendly platform. With Looker's semantic modeling layer, complex data relationships are simplified, ensuring a single source of truth and fostering collaboration across your organization. From interactive dashboards and custom applications to real-time insights and AI-powered analytics, Looker and BigQuery empower you to make smarter decisions, faster, and stay ahead of the competition. Unlock BigQuery's full potential with Looker Looker for BigQuery Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs Looker for BigQuery Looker and BigQuery together form a dynamic data analytics powerhouse, transforming raw information into actionable insights that drive business growth. BigQuery's unparalleled ability to store and process massive datasets seamlessly integrates with Looker's intuitive, Google-friendly platform. With Looker's semantic modeling layer, complex data relationships are simplified, ensuring a single source of truth and fostering collaboration across your organization. From interactive dashboards and custom applications to real-time insights and AI-powered analytics, Looker and BigQuery empower you to make smarter decisions, faster, and stay ahead of the competition. Unlock BigQuery's full potential with Looker Looker for BigQuery Generate a solution What problem are you trying to solve? Generate solution shuffle Surprise me What you'll get: check_small Step-by-step guide check_small Reference architecture check_small Available pre-built solutions This service was built with Vertex AI . You must be 18 or older to use it. Do not enter sensitive, confidential, or personal info. Pricing Looker pricing Looker pricing has two components: platform pricing and user pricing. Contact sales to identify a solution that works for you. Looker product Details Cost Looker (Google Cloud core) Platform pricing is the cost to run a Looker (Google Cloud core) instance and includes platform administration, integrations, and semantic modeling capabilities. User pricing is the cost for licensing individual users to access the Looker platform. These costs will vary based on the type of user and their permissions within the Looker (Google Cloud core) platform. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Edition pricing Standard: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product for small organizations or teams with fewer than 50 users that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 1,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 1,000 administrative API calls per month. Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Enterprise: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product with enhanced security features for a wide variety of internal BI and analytics use cases that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 100,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 10,000 administrative API calls per month. Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Embed: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product for deploying and maintaining external analytics and custom applications at scale that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 500,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 100,000 administrative API calls per month. Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. User licensing Developer user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to any combination of Looker interfaces including Administration, LookML Models (including Development Mode), Folders, Boards, Dashboards, Looks (individual reports and charts), Explore, SQL Runner, Scheduling, the Looker API interfaces, and access to Support. Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Standard user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to Folders, Boards, Dashboards, Looks (individual reports and charts), Explore, SQL Runner, and Scheduling Looker interfaces. Standard user privileges include data filtering, drill-to-row-level-detail, data downloads, Dashboard or Look creation, and view-only access to LookML. Standard user privileges do not include access to Development Mode, Administration, the Looker API interfaces, or Support. Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Viewer user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to Folders, Boards, Dashboards, and Looks (individual reports and charts) Looker interfaces. Viewer User privileges include data filtering, drill-to-row-level-detail, Scheduling, data downloads, and view-only access to LookML. Viewer user privileges do not include Dashboard or Look creation, or access to Development Mode, Administration, SQL Runner, Explore, the Looker API interfaces, or Support. Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Learn more about Looker pricing. View all pricing details Looker pricing Looker pricing has two components: platform pricing and user pricing. Contact sales to identify a solution that works for you. Looker (Google Cloud core) Details Platform pricing is the cost to run a Looker (Google Cloud core) instance and includes platform administration, integrations, and semantic modeling capabilities. User pricing is the cost for licensing individual users to access the Looker platform. These costs will vary based on the type of user and their permissions within the Looker (Google Cloud core) platform. Cost Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Edition pricing Details Standard: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product for small organizations or teams with fewer than 50 users that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 1,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 1,000 administrative API calls per month. Cost Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Enterprise: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product with enhanced security features for a wide variety of internal BI and analytics use cases that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 100,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 10,000 administrative API calls per month. Details Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. Embed: A Looker (Google Cloud core) product for deploying and maintaining external analytics and custom applications at scale that includes one production instance, 10 standard users, 2 developer users, upgrades, up to 500,000 query-based API calls per month, and up to 100,000 administrative API calls per month. Details Annual commitment. Work with sales to identify a solution that works for you. User licensing Details Developer user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to any combination of Looker interfaces including Administration, LookML Models (including Development Mode), Folders, Boards, Dashboards, Looks (individual reports and charts), Explore, SQL Runner, Scheduling, the Looker API interfaces, and access to Support. Cost Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Standard user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to Folders, Boards, Dashboards, Looks (individual reports and charts), Explore, SQL Runner, and Scheduling Looker interfaces. Standard user privileges include data filtering, drill-to-row-level-detail, data downloads, Dashboard or Look creation, and view-only access to LookML. Standard user privileges do not include access to Development Mode, Administration, the Looker API interfaces, or Support. Details Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Viewer user: An end user provisioned on a Looker (Google Cloud core) platform for access to Folders, Boards, Dashboards, and Looks (individual reports and charts) Looker interfaces. Viewer User privileges include data filtering, drill-to-row-level-detail, Scheduling, data downloads, and view-only access to LookML. Viewer user privileges do not include Dashboard or Look creation, or access to Development Mode, Administration, SQL Runner, Explore, the Looker API interfaces, or Support. Details Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Learn more about Looker pricing. View all pricing details Pricing Calculator Estimate your monthly Looker costs. Estimate your costs Custom quote Connect with our sales team to get a custom quote for your organization. Request a quote Start your proof of concept Request a demo Request a demo Have a unique project or use case? Contact sales Learn how to send and share content in Looker Read guide Learn how to create and edit dashboards and reports in Looker Read guide Learn how to use embedding and the API in Looker Read guide menu Overview Solutions Products Pricing Resources Docs Support Contact us  search_spark send_spark Docs Support Console Sign in Start free Looker Start free Contact us close Accelerate your digital transformation Whether your business is early in its journey or well on its way to digital transformation, Google Cloud can help solve your toughest challenges. Learn more Key benefits Why Google Cloud Top reasons businesses choose us. AI and ML Get enterprise-ready AI. Multicloud Run your apps wherever you need them. Global infrastructure Build on the same infrastructure as Google. Data Cloud Make smarter decisions with unified data. Modern Infrastructure Cloud Next generation of cloud infrastructure. Security Protect your users, data, and apps. Productivity and collaboration Connect your teams with AI-powered apps. Reports and insights Executive insights Curated C-suite perspectives. Analyst reports Read what industry analysts say about us. Whitepapers Browse and download popular whitepapers. Customer stories Explore case studies and videos. close Industry Solutions Application Modernization Artificial Intelligence APIs and Applications Data Analytics Databases Infrastructure Modernization Productivity and Collaboration Security Startups and SMB See all solutions Industry Solutions Reduce cost, increase operational agility, and capture new market opportunities. Retail Analytics and collaboration tools for the retail value chain. Consumer Packaged Goods Solutions for CPG digital transformation and brand growth. Financial Services Computing, data management, and analytics tools for financial services. Healthcare and Life Sciences Advance research at scale and empower healthcare innovation. Media and Entertainment Solutions for content production and distribution operations. Telecommunications Hybrid and multi-cloud services to deploy and monetize 5G. Games AI-driven solutions to build and scale games faster. Manufacturing Migration and AI tools to optimize the manufacturing value chain. Supply Chain and Logistics Enable sustainable, efficient, and resilient data-driven operations across supply chain and logistics operations. Government Data storage, AI, and analytics solutions for government agencies. Education Teaching tools to provide more engaging learning experiences. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all industry solutions Application Modernization Assess, plan, implement, and measure software practices and capabilities to modernize and simplify your organization’s business application portfolios. CAMP Program that uses DORA to improve your software delivery capabilities. Modernize Traditional Applications Analyze, categorize, and get started with cloud migration on traditional workloads. Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift Tools for moving your existing containers into Google's managed container services. Migrate from Mainframe Automated tools and prescriptive guidance for moving your mainframe apps to the cloud. Modernize Software Delivery Software supply chain best practices - innerloop productivity, CI/CD and S3C. DevOps Best Practices Processes and resources for implementing DevOps in your org. SRE Principles Tools and resources for adopting SRE in your org. Platform Engineering Comprehensive suite of managed services and Golden Paths to build, manage, and scale IDPs. Run Applications at the Edge Guidance for localized and low latency apps on Google’s hardware agnostic edge solution. Architect for Multicloud Manage workloads across multiple clouds with a consistent platform. Go Serverless Fully managed environment for developing, deploying and scaling apps. Artificial Intelligence Add intelligence and efficiency to your business with AI and machine learning. Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI End-to-end application that combines our most advanced conversational AI. Document AI Document processing and data capture automated at scale. Vertex AI Search for commerce Google-quality search and product recommendations for retailers. Google Cloud with Gemini AI assistants for application development, coding, and more. Generative AI on Google Cloud Transform content creation and discovery, research, customer service, and developer efficiency with the power of generative AI. APIs and Applications Speed up the pace of innovation without coding, using APIs, apps, and automation. New Business Channels Using APIs Attract and empower an ecosystem of developers and partners. Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Cloud services for extending and modernizing legacy apps. Open Banking APIx Simplify and accelerate secure delivery of open banking compliant APIs. Data Analytics Generate instant insights from data at any scale with a serverless, fully managed analytics platform that significantly simplifies analytics. Data Migration Migrate and modernize your data warehouse and data lakes with AI-powered migration services. Data Lakehouse Unify and govern your multimodal data with a high-performance and open data lakehouse. Real-time Analytics Insights from ingesting, processing, and analyzing event streams. Marketing Analytics Solutions for collecting, analyzing, and activating customer data. Datasets Data from Google, public, and commercial providers to enrich your analytics and AI initiatives. Business Intelligence Solutions for modernizing your BI stack and creating rich data experiences. AI for Data Analytics Write SQL, build predictive models, and visualize data with AI for data analytics. Geospatial Analytics A comprehensive platform to solve for geospatial use cases at scale. Databases Migrate and manage enterprise data with security, reliability, high availability, and fully managed data services. Database Migration Guides and tools to simplify your database migration life cycle. Database Modernization Upgrades to modernize your operational database infrastructure. Databases for Games Build global, live games with Google Cloud databases. Google Cloud Databases Database services to migrate, manage, and modernize data. Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Rehost, replatform, rewrite your Oracle workloads. Open Source Databases Fully managed open source databases with enterprise-grade support. SQL Server on Google Cloud Options for running SQL Server virtual machines on Google Cloud. Gemini for Databases Supercharge database development and management with AI. Infrastructure Modernization Migrate quickly with solutions for SAP, VMware, Windows, Oracle, and other workloads. Application Migration Discovery and analysis tools for moving to the cloud. SAP on Google Cloud Certifications for running SAP applications and SAP HANA. High Performance Computing Compute, storage, and networking options to support any workload. Windows on Google Cloud Tools and partners for running Windows workloads. Data Center Migration Migration solutions for VMs, apps, databases, and more. Active Assist Automatic cloud resource optimization and increased security. Virtual Desktops Remote work solutions for desktops and applications (VDI & DaaS). Rapid Migration and Modernization Program End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Backup and Disaster Recovery Ensure your business continuity needs are met. Red Hat on Google Cloud Google and Red Hat provide an enterprise-grade platform for traditional on-prem and custom applications. Cross-Cloud Network Simplify hybrid and multicloud networking, and secure your workloads, data, and users. Observability Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve app performance with end-to-end visibility. Productivity and Collaboration Change the way teams work with solutions designed for humans and built for impact. Google Workspace Collaboration and productivity tools for enterprises. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Cloud Identity Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps. Chrome Enterprise ChromeOS, Chrome Browser, and Chrome devices built for business. Security Detect, investigate, and respond to online threats to help protect your business. Agentic SOC Delivering better security outcomes with AI agents. Web App and API Protection Threat and fraud protection for your web applications and APIs. Security and Resilience Framework Solutions for each phase of the security and resilience life cycle. Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Solution to modernize your governance, risk, and compliance function with automation. Software Supply Chain Security Solution for improving end-to-end software supply chain security. Security Foundation Recommended products to help achieve a strong security posture. Google Cloud Cybershield™ Strengthen nationwide cyber defense. Startups and SMB Accelerate startup and SMB growth with tailored solutions and programs. Startup Program Get financial, business, and technical support to take your startup to the next level. Small and Medium Business Explore solutions for web hosting, app development, AI, and analytics. Software as a Service Build better SaaS products, scale efficiently, and grow your business. close Featured Products AI and Machine Learning Business Intelligence Compute Containers Data Analytics Databases Developer Tools Distributed Cloud Hybrid and Multicloud Industry Specific Integration Services Management Tools Maps and Geospatial Media Services Migration Mixed Reality Networking Operations Productivity and Collaboration Security and Identity Serverless Storage Web3 See all products (100+) Featured Products Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google’s data center. Cloud Storage Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable. BigQuery Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Vertex AI Unified platform for ML models and generative AI. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Apigee API Management Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control. Cloud SQL Relational database services for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Cloud CDN Content delivery network for delivering web and video. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Platform Unified platform for ML models and generative AI. Vertex AI Studio Build, tune, and deploy foundation models on Vertex AI. Vertex AI Agent Builder Build and deploy gen AI experiences. Conversational Agents Build conversational AI with both deterministic and gen AI functionality. Vertex AI Search Build Google-quality search for your enterprise apps and experiences. Speech-to-Text Speech recognition and transcription across 125 languages. Text-to-Speech Speech synthesis in 220+ voices and 40+ languages. Translation AI Language detection, translation, and glossary support. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Vision AI Custom and pre-trained models to detect emotion, text, and more. Contact Center as a Service Omnichannel contact center solution that is native to the cloud. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all AI and machine learning products Business Intelligence Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Looker Studio Interactive data suite for dashboarding, reporting, and analytics. Compute Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google’s data center. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Cloud GPUs GPUs for ML, scientific computing, and 3D visualization. Migrate to Virtual Machines Server and virtual machine migration to Compute Engine. Spot VMs Compute instances for batch jobs and fault-tolerant workloads. Batch Fully managed service for scheduling batch jobs. Sole-Tenant Nodes Dedicated hardware for compliance, licensing, and management. Bare Metal Infrastructure to run specialized workloads on Google Cloud. Recommender Usage recommendations for Google Cloud products and services. VMware Engine Fully managed, native VMware Cloud Foundation software stack. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Build Solution for running build steps in a Docker container. Artifact Registry Package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Cloud Deploy Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run. Migrate to Containers Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE. Deep Learning Containers Containers with data science frameworks, libraries, and tools. Knative Components to create Kubernetes-native cloud-based software. Data Analytics BigQuery Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Dataflow Real-time analytics for stream and batch processing. Pub/Sub Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery. Dataproc Managed service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters. Google Cloud Serverless for Apache Spark Quick VM startup and dynamic autoscaling for Spark workloads. Cloud Composer Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow. BigLake Storage engine for building data lakehouses with Apache Iceberg. Dataplex Universal Catalog A unified data-to-AI governance fabric for all Google Cloud services. BigQuery Migration Services Free-to-use, cloud-native and AI-powered data migration services. Managed Service for Apache Kafka Managed Kafka service to operate highly available Apache Kafka clusters. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all data analytics products Databases AlloyDB for PostgreSQL Fully managed, PostgreSQL-compatible database for enterprise workloads. Cloud SQL Fully managed database for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server. Firestore Highly scalable and serverless NoSQL document database, with MongoDB compatibility. Spanner Cloud-native relational database with unlimited scale and 99.999% availability. Bigtable Cloud-native wide-column database for large-scale, low-latency workloads. Datastream Serverless change data capture and replication service. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Bare Metal Solution Fully managed infrastructure for your Oracle workloads. Memorystore Fully managed Redis and Memcached for sub-millisecond data access. Developer Tools Artifact Registry Universal package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Cloud Build Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform. Cloud Deploy Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run. Cloud Deployment Manager Service for creating and managing Google Cloud resources. Cloud SDK Command-line tools and libraries for Google Cloud. Cloud Scheduler Cron job scheduler for task automation and management. Cloud Source Repositories Private Git repository to store, manage, and track code. Infrastructure Manager Automate infrastructure management with Terraform. Cloud Workstations Managed and secure development environments in the cloud. Gemini Code Assist AI-powered assistant available across Google Cloud and your IDE. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all developer tools Distributed Cloud Google Distributed Cloud Connected Distributed cloud services for edge workloads. Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped Distributed cloud for air-gapped workloads. Hybrid and Multicloud Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Apigee API Management API management, development, and security platform. Migrate to Containers Tool to move workloads and existing applications to GKE. Cloud Build Service for executing builds on Google Cloud infrastructure. Observability Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Cloud Service Mesh Fully managed service mesh based on Envoy and Istio. Google Distributed Cloud Fully managed solutions for the edge and data centers. Industry Specific Anti Money Laundering AI Detect suspicious, potential money laundering activity with AI. Cloud Healthcare API Solution for bridging existing care systems and apps on Google Cloud. Device Connect for Fitbit Gain a 360-degree patient view with connected Fitbit data on Google Cloud. Telecom Network Automation Ready to use cloud-native automation for telecom networks. Telecom Data Fabric Telecom data management and analytics with an automated approach. Telecom Subscriber Insights Ingests data to improve subscriber acquisition and retention. Spectrum Access System (SAS) Controls fundamental access to the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS). Integration Services Application Integration Connect to 3rd party apps and enable data consistency without code. Workflows Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services. Apigee API Management Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control. Cloud Tasks Task management service for asynchronous task execution. Cloud Scheduler Cron job scheduler for task automation and management. Dataproc Service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters. Cloud Data Fusion Data integration for building and managing data pipelines. Cloud Composer Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow. Pub/Sub Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery. Eventarc Build an event-driven architecture that can connect any service. Management Tools Cloud Shell Interactive shell environment with a built-in command line. Cloud console Web-based interface for managing and monitoring cloud apps. Cloud Endpoints Deployment and development management for APIs on Google Cloud. Cloud IAM Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources. Cloud APIs Programmatic interfaces for  Google Cloud services. Service Catalog Service catalog for admins managing internal enterprise solutions. Cost Management Tools for monitoring, controlling, and optimizing your costs. Observability Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Carbon Footprint Dashboard to view and export Google Cloud carbon emissions reports. Config Connector Kubernetes add-on for managing Google Cloud resources. Active Assist Tools for easily managing performance, security, and cost. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all management tools Maps and Geospatial Earth Engine Geospatial platform for Earth observation data and analysis. Google Maps Platform Create immersive location experiences and improve business operations. Media Services Cloud CDN Content delivery network for serving web and video content. Live Stream API Service to convert live video and package for streaming. OpenCue Open source render manager for visual effects and animation. Transcoder API Convert video files and package them for optimized delivery. Video Stitcher API Service for dynamic or server side ad insertion. Migration Migration Center Unified platform for migrating and modernizing with Google Cloud. Application Migration App migration to the cloud for low-cost refresh cycles. Migrate to Virtual Machines Components for migrating VMs and physical servers to Compute Engine. Cloud Foundation Toolkit Reference templates for Deployment Manager and Terraform. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Migrate to Containers Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE. BigQuery Migration Services Streamlined data warehouse and data lake migration tooling and incentives. Rapid Migration and Modernization Program End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Transfer Appliance Storage server for moving large volumes of data to Google Cloud. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. VMware Engine Migrate and run your VMware workloads natively on Google Cloud. Mixed Reality Immersive Stream for XR Hosts, renders, and streams 3D and XR experiences. Networking Cloud Armor Security policies and defense against web and DDoS attacks. Cloud CDN and Media CDN Content delivery network for serving web and video content. Cloud DNS Domain name system for reliable and low-latency name lookups. Cloud Load Balancing Service for distributing traffic across applications and regions. Cloud NAT NAT service for giving private instances internet access. Cloud Connectivity Connectivity options for VPN, peering, and enterprise needs. Network Connectivity Center Connectivity management to help simplify and scale networks. Network Intelligence Center Network monitoring, verification, and optimization platform. Network Service Tiers Cloud network options  based on performance, availability, and cost. Virtual Private Cloud Single VPC for an entire organization, isolated within projects. Private Service Connect Secure connection between your VPC and services. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Google Cloud audit, platform, and application logs management. Cloud Monitoring Infrastructure and application health with rich metrics. Error Reporting Application error identification and analysis. Managed Service for Prometheus Fully-managed Prometheus on Google Cloud. Cloud Trace Tracing system collecting latency data from applications. Cloud Profiler CPU and heap profiler for analyzing application performance. Cloud Quotas Manage quotas for all Google Cloud services. Productivity and Collaboration AppSheet No-code development platform to build and extend applications. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Google Workspace Collaboration and productivity tools for individuals and organizations. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Cloud Identity Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps. Chrome Enterprise ChromeOS, Chrome browser, and Chrome devices built for business. Security and Identity Cloud IAM Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources. Sensitive Data Protection Discover, classify, and protect your valuable data assets. Mandiant Managed Defense Find and eliminate threats with confidence 24x7. Google Threat Intelligence Know who’s targeting you. Security Command Center Platform for defending against threats to your Google Cloud assets. Cloud Key Management Manage encryption keys on Google Cloud. Mandiant Incident Response Minimize the impact of a breach. Chrome Enterprise Premium Get secure enterprise browsing with extensive endpoint visibility. Assured Workloads Compliance and security controls for sensitive workloads. Google Security Operations Detect, investigate, and respond to cyber threats. Mandiant Consulting Get expert guidance before, during, and after an incident. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all security and identity products Serverless Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Functions Platform for creating functions that respond to cloud events. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Workflows Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services. API Gateway Develop, deploy, secure, and manage APIs with a fully managed gateway. Storage Cloud Storage Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable. Block Storage High-performance storage for AI, analytics, databases, and enterprise applications. Filestore File storage that is highly scalable and secure. Persistent Disk Block storage for virtual machine instances running on Google Cloud. Cloud Storage for Firebase Object storage for storing and serving user-generated content. Local SSD Block storage that is locally attached for high-performance needs. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. Google Cloud Managed Lustre High performance managed parallel file service. Google Cloud NetApp Volumes File storage service for NFS, SMB, and multi-protocol environments. Backup and DR Service Service for centralized, application-consistent data protection. Web3 Blockchain Node Engine Fully managed node hosting for developing on the blockchain. Blockchain RPC Enterprise-grade RPC for building on the blockchain. close Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Google Cloud's pay-as-you-go pricing offers automatic savings based on monthly usage and discounted rates for prepaid resources. Contact us today to get a quote. Request a quote Pricing overview and tools Google Cloud pricing Pay only for what you use with no lock-in. Pricing calculator Calculate your cloud savings. Google Cloud free tier Explore products with free monthly usage. Cost optimization framework Get best practices to optimize workload costs. Cost management tools Tools to monitor and control your costs. Product-specific Pricing Compute Engine Cloud SQL Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery See full price list with 100+ products close Learn & build Google Cloud Free Program $300 in free credits and 20+ free products. Solution Generator Get AI generated solution recommendations. Quickstarts Get tutorials and walkthroughs. Blog Read our latest product news and stories. Learning Hub Grow your career with role-based training. Google Cloud certification Prepare and register for certifications. Cloud computing basics Learn more about cloud computing basics. Cloud Architecture Center Get reference architectures and best practices. Connect Innovators Join Google Cloud's developer program. Developer Center Stay in the know and stay connected. Events and webinars Browse upcoming and on demand events. Google Cloud Community Ask questions, find answers, and connect. Consulting and Partners Google Cloud Consulting Work with our experts on cloud projects. Google Cloud Marketplace Deploy ready-to-go solutions in a few clicks. Find a partner Explore the benefits of working with a partner. Google Cloud partners Learn about the ecosystem and resources. close Overview arrow_forward Solutions arrow_forward Products arrow_forward Pricing arrow_forward Resources arrow_forward Docs Support Console Accelerate your digital transformation Learn more Key benefits Why Google Cloud AI and ML Multicloud Global infrastructure Data Cloud Modern Infrastructure Cloud Security Productivity and collaboration Reports and insights Executive insights Analyst reports Whitepapers Customer stories Industry Solutions Retail Consumer Packaged Goods Financial Services Healthcare and Life Sciences Media and Entertainment Telecommunications Games Manufacturing Supply Chain and Logistics Government Education See all industry solutions See all solutions Application Modernization CAMP Modernize Traditional Applications Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift Migrate from Mainframe Modernize Software Delivery DevOps Best Practices SRE Principles Platform Engineering Run Applications at the Edge Architect for Multicloud Go Serverless Artificial Intelligence Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI Document AI Vertex AI Search for commerce Google Cloud with Gemini Generative AI on Google Cloud APIs and Applications New Business Channels Using APIs Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Open Banking APIx Data Analytics Data Migration Data Lakehouse Real-time Analytics Marketing Analytics Datasets Business Intelligence AI for Data Analytics Geospatial Analytics Databases Database Migration Database Modernization Databases for Games Google Cloud Databases Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Open Source Databases SQL Server on Google Cloud Gemini for Databases Infrastructure Modernization Application Migration SAP on Google Cloud High Performance Computing Windows on Google Cloud Data Center Migration Active Assist Virtual Desktops Rapid Migration and Modernization Program Backup and Disaster Recovery Red Hat on Google Cloud Cross-Cloud Network Observability Productivity and Collaboration Google Workspace Google Workspace Essentials Cloud Identity Chrome Enterprise Security Agentic SOC Web App and API Protection Security and Resilience Framework Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Software Supply Chain Security Security Foundation Google Cloud Cybershield™ Startups and SMB Startup Program Small and Medium Business Software as a Service Featured Products Compute Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery Cloud Run Google Kubernetes Engine Vertex AI Looker Apigee API Management Cloud SQL Gemini Enterprise Cloud CDN See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Platform Vertex AI Studio Vertex AI Agent Builder Conversational Agents Vertex AI Search Speech-to-Text Text-to-Speech Translation AI Gemini Enterprise Vision AI Contact Center as a Service See all AI and machine learning products Business Intelligence Looker Looker Studio Compute Compute Engine App Engine Cloud GPUs Migrate to Virtual Machines Spot VMs Batch Sole-Tenant Nodes Bare Metal Recommender VMware Engine Cloud Run See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Run Cloud Build Artifact Registry Cloud Code Cloud Deploy Migrate to Containers Deep Learning Containers Knative Data Analytics BigQuery Looker Dataflow Pub/Sub Dataproc Google Cloud Serverless for Apache Spark Cloud Composer BigLake Dataplex Universal Catalog BigQuery Migration Services Managed Service for Apache Kafka See all data analytics products Databases AlloyDB for PostgreSQL Cloud SQL Firestore Spanner Bigtable Datastream Database Migration Service Bare Metal Solution Memorystore Developer Tools Artifact Registry Cloud Code Cloud Build Cloud Deploy Cloud Deployment Manager Cloud SDK Cloud Scheduler Cloud Source Repositories Infrastructure Manager Cloud Workstations Gemini Code Assist See all developer tools Distributed Cloud Google Distributed Cloud Connected Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped Hybrid and Multicloud Google Kubernetes Engine Apigee API Management Migrate to Containers Cloud Build Observability Cloud Service Mesh Google Distributed Cloud Industry Specific Anti Money Laundering AI Cloud Healthcare API Device Connect for Fitbit Telecom Network Automation Telecom Data Fabric Telecom Subscriber Insights Spectrum Access System (SAS) Integration Services Application Integration Workflows Apigee API Management Cloud Tasks Cloud Scheduler Dataproc Cloud Data Fusion Cloud Composer Pub/Sub Eventarc Management Tools Cloud Shell Cloud console Cloud Endpoints Cloud IAM Cloud APIs Service Catalog Cost Management Observability Carbon Footprint Config Connector Active Assist See all management tools Maps and Geospatial Earth Engine Google Maps Platform Media Services Cloud CDN Live Stream API OpenCue Transcoder API Video Stitcher API Migration Migration Center Application Migration Migrate to Virtual Machines Cloud Foundation Toolkit Database Migration Service Migrate to Containers BigQuery Migration Services Rapid Migration and Modernization Program Transfer Appliance Storage Transfer Service VMware Engine Mixed Reality Immersive Stream for XR Networking Cloud Armor Cloud CDN and Media CDN Cloud DNS Cloud Load Balancing Cloud NAT Cloud Connectivity Network Connectivity Center Network Intelligence Center Network Service Tiers Virtual Private Cloud Private Service Connect See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Cloud Monitoring Error Reporting Managed Service for Prometheus Cloud Trace Cloud Profiler Cloud Quotas Productivity and Collaboration AppSheet Gemini Enterprise Google Workspace Google Workspace Essentials Cloud Identity Chrome Enterprise Security and Identity Cloud IAM Sensitive Data Protection Mandiant Managed Defense Google Threat Intelligence Security Command Center Cloud Key Management Mandiant Incident Response Chrome Enterprise Premium Assured Workloads Google Security Operations Mandiant Consulting See all security and identity products Serverless Cloud Run Cloud Functions App Engine Workflows API Gateway Storage Cloud Storage Block Storage Filestore Persistent Disk Cloud Storage for Firebase Local SSD Storage Transfer Service Google Cloud Managed Lustre Google Cloud NetApp Volumes Backup and DR Service Web3 Blockchain Node Engine Blockchain RPC Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Request a quote Pricing overview and tools Google Cloud pricing Pricing calculator Google Cloud free tier Cost optimization framework Cost management tools Product-specific Pricing Compute Engine Cloud SQL Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery See full price list with 100+ products Learn & build Google Cloud Free Program Solution Generator Quickstarts Blog Learning Hub Google Cloud certification Cloud computing basics Cloud Architecture Center Connect Innovators Developer Center Events and webinars Google Cloud Community Consulting and Partners Google Cloud Consulting Google Cloud Marketplace Find a partner Google Cloud partners Why Google Choosing Google Cloud Trust and security Modern Infrastructure Cloud Multicloud Global infrastructure Customers and case studies Analyst reports Whitepapers Blog Products and pricing Google Cloud pricing Google Workspace pricing See all products Solutions Infrastructure modernization Databases Application modernization Smart analytics Artificial Intelligence Security Productivity & work transformation Industry solutions DevOps solutions Small business solutions See all solutions Resources Google Cloud Affiliate Program Google Cloud documentation Google Cloud quickstarts Google Cloud Marketplace Learn about cloud computing Support Code samples Cloud Architecture Center Training Certifications Google for Developers Google Cloud for Startups System status Release Notes Engage Contact sales Find a Partner Become a Partner Events Podcasts Developer Center Press Corner Google Cloud on YouTube Google Cloud Tech on YouTube Follow on X Join User Research We're hiring. Join Google Cloud! Community forums About Google Privacy Site terms Google Cloud terms Cookies management controls Our third decade of climate action: join us Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter Subscribe language ‪English‬ ‪English‬ ‪Deutsch‬ ‪Español‬ ‪Español (Latinoamérica)‬ ‪Français‬ ‪Indonesia‬ ‪Italiano‬ ‪Português (Brasil)‬ ‪简体中文‬ ‪繁體中文‬ ‪日本語‬ ‪한국어‬