Loopia - Website | Domain | Hosting | WordPress Support Webmail Login Cart Toggle navigation Create website Create website with... LoopAI Let AI build your website in just a few minutes WordPress Most popular website tool in the world Loopia Sitebuilder Quick and easy without prior knowledge Joomla Easy to get started, hard to outgrow Compare website tools Find the tool that suits you best Start an online store with... WooCommerce Flexible online store connected to WordPress Loopia Sitebuilder Simple online store with smooth payment solutions Opencart Scalable online store with many features Compare e-commerce solutions Find the solution that suits you best Domain name Register domain name Secure your domain before someone else does LoopiaDNS Fast and secure DNS for your domains Check domain holder (Whois) Check public information for a domain Hosting Hosting packages Fast and secure web hosting for website and email Move to Loopia Switch to Loopia with our simple guide VPS Full freedom with your own server Become a partner Offer web services to customers - get commission Email Email at Loopia Email address with your own domain Microsoft 365 Collaborate better with email and Office in the Cloud Order Discover LoopAI - from idea to website in 5 minutes × Login Username Password Forgot Password? Your own space online for just 9 11,25 SEK Register your own .SE domain for only 9 11,25 SEK! Add one of our hosting packages (from 39 SEK 49 SEK /month) to get a complete solution with your own website and e-mail. Find your new domain Current offers .se 9 11,25 SEK .com 129 161,25 SEK .online 9 11,25 SEK .store 9 11,25 SEK .site 9 11,25 SEK .tech 39 48,75 SEK .website 9 11,25 SEK More about our offers All prices are shown excluding including VAT. The prices for .SE domains are valid until 2026-12-31 and applies to new orders for a maximum of 3 domains. Renewal prices apply when ordering more than 3 domains or for renewals from year 2.  Other offers apply to new orders until 2026-12-31 and the first invoice, after that the regular price according to the current price list applies. Subject to change. Build your website quickly and easily 1 Find your unique domain name Read more about domains 2 Pick the web hosting package that suits you Read more about web hosting 3 Create your website easily with WordPress Compare website tools Which web hosting package suits you best? Choose one of our popular hosting packages to get started quickly and easily. Email, DNS, SSL, webmail, backup, WAF, DDOS protection and a lot more are included in all packages at no extra cost. Business For you who want a complete solution for website and email. 39 49 SEK /mon first year (then 259 SEK 324 SEK /mon excl. VAT incl. VAT ) * More 150 GB space for website and email Sitebuilder with AI WordPress with AI UNIX and Windows hosting Boost hosting for super fast WordPress sites Add to cart Home For you who want to find the easiest and fastest way online. 39 49 SEK /mon first year (then 149 SEK 187 SEK /mon excl. VAT incl. VAT ) * More 75 GB space for website and email Sitebuilder with AI WordPress with AI UNIX hosting Add to cart Business Package Plus For the company that needs a little more room to grow. 99 124 SEK /mon first year (then 489 SEK 612 SEK /mon excl. VAT incl. VAT ) * More 200 GB space for website and email Sitebuilder with AI WordPress with AI UNIX and Windows hosting Boost hosting for super fast WordPress sites Add to cart * All prices are excluding including VAT. The web hosting offer applies to new orders until 2026-12-31 and the first invoice, thereafter the regular price applies (pay monthly = discount the first month, pay quarterly = discount first quarter, pay annually = discount first year). Cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. With reservation for changes. Read more about web hosting 800 000 + domains 4 000 + resellers 300 000 + websites 290 000 + customers All you need to get your idea online E-commerce Start e-commerce quickly and easily with WooCommerce, the world's most popular e-commerce solution. Choose from thousands of themes, templates and plugins and connect your e-commerce directly to your website in WordPress. Get started with e-commerce Email Create professional email addresses with your own domain name and strengthen your brand. Read and send emails wherever and whenever you want with Loopia Webmail. Read more about email Sitebuilder Build your own website without prior knowledge with Loopia Sitebuilder. Choose a template that suits you, drag and drop text and images where you want them and publish the website with one click. Read more about Sitebuilder Move to Loopia With our simple guide, we help you switch web hosting provider and move website, email and domains to Loopia. If you encounter problems along the way, our support will help you every day all year round. How to move to Loopia WordPress Create a website at Loopia in WordPress, the world's most popular website tool. Choose from thousands of themes, templates and plugins and get your website exactly the way you want it. Read more about WordPress Frequently asked questions What is a domain and how do I register one? A domain name is the foundation for your online presence and is used, among other things, to your website’s address (www.___.com) or at the end of your email address (eg info@___.com). Register your own domain here » Why do I need web hosting? Hosting is a service that makes your website accessible to anyone with an internet connection. When you buy web hosting, you rent a place on a server that is connected to the internet. This way, your website is always connected and accessible. How do I create my own email address? With a domain name and at least an email package with us, you can create your own personal email address easily in the customer zone. Website with WordPress or Sitebuilder, which should I choose? Both Wordpress and Sitebuilder give you the conditions for a really nice and professional website. Loopia Sitebuilder is a simple solution for building your own website without any prior knowledge. With Wordress's easy-to-use tools and functions, you create everything from websites and blogs to complex portals and websites for companies. Both options are included in our web hosting packages so that you can test yourself and choose the one that suits you best. How do I create my own website? To get started with your own website, you need a domain name andweb hosting? Then with our simple OneClickInstaller you can install any of our easy-to-use website tools. How do I create my own online store? To create your own online store, you can choose between several different solutions with us, the most common being WooCommerce or OpenCart, both of which can be easily installed through the customer zone. Read more about our options for online store here » We are here for you! If you need help, our award-winning support team is available 24/7 to answer any questions. Knowledge base About About us Data protection Terms and conditions Copyright Contact/Support Knowledge base Operational status Pay invoice online Contact us Webmail Reseller Become a reseller for Loopia All services Boost Domain name Domain package Email Move to Loopia Joomla LoopAI LoopiaDNS Loopia Domain Protection LoopiaListings LoopiaSEO LoopiaEasyListings Loopia Sitebuilder Loopia Starter Microsoft 365 Opencart Send newsletters SSL/TLS VPS Hosting WordPress WooCommerce Language All prices are excluding VAT. All prices are including VAT. Show prices [ including VAT ] excluding VAT Follow us Copyright Loopia AB 1999 - 2025 Loopia is part of team.blue Loopia AB, Kopparbergsvägen 8, 722 13 Västerås Org.nr: 556633-9304 Loopia’s services run on renewable energy