39,500+ animated icons - Lordicon Icons Docs Pricing More Log in Sign up Access 39,500+ animated icons Lordicon is a growing library full of carefully crafted, high-quality static and animated icons you won’t find anywhere else. Popular now: Money , Social Media , Arrow , People , Phone , Check , Time , Hand lorem ipsum Outline Flat Lineal Gradient 32479 icons Wired Family Decorative icons designed to be fun, expressive, and modern. Browse icons Regular Solid 1514 icons System Family Minimalist design for clarity and readability. Browse icons Outline Black Color Motif 5545 icons Doodle Family Hand-drawn with a playful, attention-grabbing style. Browse icons Flexible Because Lordicons are highly versatile, you can use them any way you like – whether static or animated. Download free! Examples Tools Easily search, customize, organize, and export icons directly from the Lordicon website. Available formats Embed HTML Lottie JSON GIF MP4 WEBP APNG SVG PNG AEP MOGRT Explore Product tour Integrate Lordicons work seamlessly with your project, responding to a range of interactions – whether in, hover, morph, loop, or more. How to use? Works with your existing workflow Visit Docs Html/JS Docs Figma Plugin WordPress Plugin Docs & Slides Plugin Trusted by millions of users worldwide There's a great selection of icons in different styles, with loads added all the time. If you can't find a suitable icon you can request a design - I havent used that feature yet but really love it. Teri Lorigan Marketing & Brand Strategy for Regulated Industries Animated icons are an indispensable part of my workflow to produce explainer presentations, both in video for remote viewing and in-person PowerPoint. They regularly attract complimentary comments from billion-dollar global companies. Thanks for making me look good! Jem Shaw Marketing Director, Clarency I have been adding these to new website builds and it really makes them pop and the clients love it. I'm really happy with this purchase and it keeps getting better! Ellie Hays Founder at roveconsulting.com The quality of the icon design is very high, with animations that generally contribute positively to the purpose of the icon. The library is growing, and the team are responsive to requests & feedback. Pete Wallace Business Consulting I love this service genuinely. I'm making a proper website for the first time and it's been incredibly fun to use Lordicon. I like what you say in your docs about bringing an element of delight to a website and I've definitely thought about that a bunch in terms of design. Natalia Strange Chief Marketing Officer at Equity Hub This is a great pack of animated icons. I've used in many of my projects, and going to use in more of them. I definitively recommend it to anyone who needs beautiful and simple icons. César Vergara Founder at Vergarda Tec What will you build with the best animated icons in the world? Get started, free! What will you build with the best animated icons in the world? Get started, free! Lordicon is an animated icon library with the 39,500+ premium and free animated icons, perfect for enhancing web, mobile, or content design projects. Resources Library NFT Request new icon API Changelog Status Docs Best practices HTML/JS React WordPress Webflow Support FAQ Pricing For education Terms of Service Licenses Privacy Policy Company Contact About us 10% impact Press kit Blog © 2018 - 2026 All Rights Reserved | Lordicon Sp. z o.o (Ltd) | Made in Poland