Lose It! - Weight Loss That Fits NEW! Healthy living and weight loss advice from experts Weight Loss Nutrition & Diet Recipes & Cooking Exercise & Fitness Lifestyle & Mindset Log In Log In Say It. Snap It. Scan It. Nutrition tracking has never been so easy! Sign Up for Free Weight Loss Made Easy Set Your Goals Tell us what you want to achieve and receive personalized goals. Track Your Food Learn about the foods you're eating and keep your calories within your daily budget. Lose Weight Reach your goals and continue to set new ones for a happier, healthier you! Get Started A Balanced Approach to Weight Loss Get actionable advice for your weight loss journey. More Articles POUNDS LOST AS SEEN ON Water Tracking Track your water intake to make sure you're getting the recommended amount daily. Macro Tracking Set personalized macronutrient goals to ensure you're getting enough protein, carbs, and more. Device Integration Connect Apple Health and Google Fit for easy exercise tracking. Patterns & Reports Get reports on your behaviors and progress straight to your inbox. Scanner Feature Use your camera to scan package barcodes for quick tracking or create new foods with the
                        nutrition label auto-fill. Smart Camera Use your camera to take a picture of your food and allow Lose It! technology to help you log
                        it. Macro Tracking Set personalized macronutrient goals to ensure you're getting enough protein, carbs, and more. Patterns & Reports Get reports on your behaviors and progress straight to your inbox. Smart Camera Use your camera to take a picture of your food and allow Lose It! technology to help you log
                        it. Advice from Successful Members Track every single bite you take. You need to know how you're doing before dinner. If you don't,
                    things can get away from you fast." - Carla, 65 lbs lost without giving up pizza. Everyday is a battle, and you have to make the choice each morning to fight for your health and
                    wellness" - Alex, lost 85 lbs for his wedding. Share Your Story Get Started on Mobile How It Works Contact Us About Us Premium Partners & Press Careers Lose It! Blog Help Center Accessibility Statement How It Works Premium Help Center Lose It! Blog Careers About Us Contact Us Accessibility Statement Copyright 2008- 2022 FitNow, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved Privacy | Terms of Service Privacy Preferences Consumer Health Data Privacy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Lose It! is among the federally registered trademarks of FitNow, Inc., and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. Sign Up for Free Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility