NEW! Healthy living and weight loss advice from experts 
Weight Loss
Nutrition & Diet
Recipes & Cooking
Exercise & Fitness
Lifestyle & Mindset
Log In
Say It. Snap It.
Scan It.

Nutrition tracking has never been so easy!

Sign Up for Free

Weight Loss Made Easy
Set Your Goals

Tell us what you want to achieve and receive personalized goals.

Track Your Food

Learn about the foods you're eating and keep your calories within your daily budget.

Lose Weight

Reach your goals and continue to set new ones for a happier, healthier you!

A Balanced Approach to Weight Loss

Get actionable advice for your weight loss journey.

What Muscles Are Worked in Push-Ups?

 

Can’t Sit Cross-Legged? Here’s Why, Plus Exercises to Get You There

 

How Low Is Too Low When It Comes to Calories?

Previous blog articles
Next blog articles
More Articles
150,461,211
POUNDS LOST
AS SEEN ON
Water Tracking

Track your water intake to make sure you're getting the recommended amount daily.

 
Macro Tracking

Set personalized macronutrient goals to ensure you're getting enough protein, carbs, and more.

Advice from Successful Members

Track every single bite you take. You need to know how you're doing before dinner. If you don't, things can get away from you fast."

- Carla, 65 lbs lost without giving up pizza.

Everyday is a battle, and you have to make the choice each morning to fight for your health and wellness"

- Alex, lost 85 lbs for his wedding.
Share Your Story
Get Started on Mobile
 
How It Works	Contact Us	About Us
Premium	Partners & Press	Careers
Lose It! Blog	Help Center	Accessibility Statement
    

Copyright 2008-2025 FitNow, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved
Privacy | Terms of Service
Privacy Preferences
Consumer Health Data Privacy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information

Lose It! is among the federally registered trademarks of FitNow, Inc., and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.

Your privacy is important to us
This website uses cookies to personalize content, analytics and ads. We also share information about the way you interact with our website, including health information interests, with our advertising and analytics partners who may aggregate this data with other information they have about you. Please click I Consent below to give us permission to do this. If you do not wish to consent please click Do Not Consent. For more information see ourPrivacy Policy
More Options
Do Not Consent I Consent