Home | Los Rios Community College District Skip to Content Cookies Notice Cookies Disclaimer The Los Rios websites use cookies to enhance user experience and analyze site usage. By continuing to use this site, you are giving us consent to do this. Review our Privacy Policy to learn more. Accept and Close Cookies Disclaimer Los Rios Community College District Student Login Canvas eServices Los Rios Gmail and Apps Dashboard Service Central Student Health and Wellness Center Portal Apply Employees Translate Page Open search Open tablet menu Close tablet menu × Open mobile menu Close mobile menu × Why Los Rios? Graduation and Transfer Value and Affordability Facts and Statistics Our Colleges Admissions Get Started and Apply Financial Aid and Fees Placement Enroll in Classes Academic Calendar and Deadlines Technology Resources Academics Programs and Majors Search Class Schedules Career Education Online Education Internships and Career Services Campus Life Calendar and Events News Athletics Clubs and Student Leadership Student Jobs Health and Safety Community Partnerships Support Us Doing Business with Los Rios Jobs at Los Rios Facilities Hire Los Rios About Us Board of Trustees Chancellor Maps and Parking Our History Our Values Contact Us Search site Why Los Rios? Graduation and Transfer Value and Affordability Facts and Statistics Our Colleges Admissions Get Started and Apply Financial Aid and Fees Placement Enroll in Classes Academic Calendar and Deadlines Technology Resources Academics Programs and Majors Search Class Schedules Career Education Online Education Internships and Career Services Campus Life Calendar and Events News Athletics Clubs and Student Leadership Student Jobs Health and Safety Community Partnerships Support Us Doing Business with Los Rios Jobs at Los Rios Facilities Hire Los Rios About Us Board of Trustees Chancellor Maps and Parking Our History Our Values Contact Us Student Login Canvas eServices Los Rios Gmail and Apps Dashboard Service Central Student Health and Wellness Center Portal Apply Employees Search site Why Los Rios? Toggle Why Los Rios? submenu Graduation and Transfer Value and Affordability Facts and Statistics Our Colleges Admissions Toggle Admissions submenu Get Started and Apply Financial Aid and Fees Placement Enroll in Classes Academic Calendar and Deadlines Technology Resources Academics Toggle Academics submenu Programs and Majors Search Class Schedules Career Education Online Education Internships and Career Services Campus Life Toggle Campus Life submenu Calendar and Events News Athletics Clubs and Student Leadership Student Jobs Health and Safety Community Toggle Community submenu Partnerships Support Us Doing Business with Los Rios Jobs at Los Rios Facilities Hire Los Rios About Us Toggle About Us submenu Board of Trustees Chancellor Maps and Parking Our History Our Values Contact Us Student Login Canvas eServices Los Rios Gmail and Apps Dashboard Service Central Student Health and Wellness Center Portal Apply Employees Search site Close search box × Los Rios Community College District Chancellor Announcement Los Rios Community College District to select Dr. Torence Powell as next Chancellor Chancellor News Enroll in Spring Classes It's not too late to enroll in classes for Spring 2026! Search Spring Classes Happy Holidays! We will be closed for Winter Recess from December 23 through January 1. See you in 2026! Spring 2026 Calendar Apply Enroll Canvas Request Info Contact Us Share Your Story Guaranteed Admission. Promise of Free Tuition. It's easier than ever to apply to any of our four student-centered colleges. When you apply now, you guarantee your admission to Los Rios. After that, fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or California Dream Act Application (CADAA) to save money on tuition and other fees. It's as simple as that. Apply Now Guarantee your admission to a Los Rios college. Apply Now Save Money Fill out the FAFSA or CADAA to qualify for financial aid. Save Money with Financial Aid Frequently Asked Questions about applying to college Find a Program Select a Program Select a Program Accounting Administration of Justice Advertising & Public Relations Agriculture Agriculture Business Animal Science Anthropology Apprenticeship Architectural Design Technology Architecture Art & Art History American Sign Language (ASL) - English Interpreter Astronomy Automotive Collision Technology Automotive Technology Biology & Biotechnology Broadcast Journalism Building Inspection Technology Business Business Technology Chemistry Communication Studies Community Services Education Community Studies Computer Information Science Construction Construction Management Technology Cosmetology Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management Dance Deaf Culture and American Sign Language Studies Dental Assisting Design and Engineering Technology Diesel/Clean Diesel Technology Diagnostic Medical Sonography Early Childhood Education Economics Education & Teaching Electronics Technology Emergency Medical Technology and Paramedic Energy Engineering English Environmental Technology English as a Second Language Ethnic Studies Family & Consumer Science Fashion Film/Digital Cinema Production Film & Media Studies Fire Technology Foreign Languages Funeral Service Education General Education Geography & GIS Geology Gerontology Graphic Design and Digital Media Health Education Health Information Technology Healthcare Interpreting History Homeland Security Honors Horticulture Human Career Development Humanities Imaging Intercultural Studies Interdisciplinary Studies Interior Design Journalism Kinesiology & Athletics Learning, Tutoring and Academic Technology Legal Assisting Liberal Arts Library and Information Technology Management Marketing Math & Statistics Mechanical-Electrical Technology Medical Assisting Medical Technology Modern Making Music Natural Resources Nursing and Allied Health Nutrition and Food Occupational Therapy Pharmacy Technology Philosophy Photography Physical Science Physical Therapy Physics Political Science Project Management Psychology Public Safety Radio Production Radio, Television, & Film Production Real Estate Recreation Respiratory Care Science Social Science & International Studies Social Work and Human Services Sociology Speech Communication Speech/Language Pathology Student Government Television Production Theatre Arts Veterinary Technology Viticulture Welding Women & Gender Studies Work Experience Search for program or Search for program by keyword Explore a Program Accounting Our accounting programs train students for careers as bookkeepers or tax specialists in private industry, government, or self-employment. Accounting Administration of Justice Administration of justice prepares students for careers in law enforcement, such as police officer, parole officer, or detective. Administration of Justice Advertising & Public Relations Our advertising and PR programs prepares students to be public information officers, community relations specialists, and media consultants. Advertising & Public Relations Agriculture Our agriculture program covers farming, the cultivation of soil for growing crops, and raising animals to provide food and other products. Agriculture Agriculture Business Agriculture business is the farming, management, production, and marketing of agricultural commodities, such as livestock and crops. Agriculture Business Animal Science Our animal science program focuses on the study of horses and their care. Careers fields include medicine, tourism, and breeding. Animal Science Anthropology Anthropology is the study of human societies and cultures and their development. Learn about the people and world around you. Anthropology Apprenticeship We offer apprenticeships in carpentry, drywall/lathing, electrical, ironworking, sheet metal, utilities, and more. Apprenticeship Architectural Design Technology Our architectural design technology program includes interior building architecture and building information modeling. Architectural Design Technology Architecture The architecture program trains students in architectural drafting, construction techniques, design, rendering, and energy systems. Architecture Art & Art History Learn skills in drawing, painting, digital art, photography, sculpture, ceramics, and printmaking as well as art history. Art & Art History American Sign Language (ASL) - English Interpreter American Sign Language (ASL)/English interpretation focuses on human relations, language skills, interpreting skills, and professionalism. American Sign Language (ASL) - English Interpreter Astronomy Astronomy is the study of celestial objects, space, and the physical universe as a whole. Astronomy Automotive Collision Technology Automotive collision technology covers repairing and refinishing as well as systems such as heating, air conditioning, and steering. Automotive Collision Technology Automotive Technology Automotive technology prepares students for careers in all phases of automotive service and repair on all types of cars. Automotive Technology Biology & Biotechnology Biology is the scientific study of living organisms including their structure, function, evolution, and interactions with other organisms... Biology & Biotechnology Broadcast Journalism The Broadcast Journalism program introduces students to news reporting that is delivered electronically instead of being published in... Broadcast Journalism Building Inspection Technology The Building Inspection Technology program prepares students for employment by contractors, government agencies, architects, finance... Building Inspection Technology Business Our business programs provide students with the skills needed to become leaders, managers, financial advisors, and decision-makers in a... Business Business Technology Businesses rely on technology to streamline processes, generate efficiency, and fuel innovation. Our business technology programs provide... Business Technology Chemistry Chemistry involves the study of chemical processes, compositions, and manipulation to better understand how materials are structured... Chemistry Communication Studies Communication Studies focuses on the creation, application, and understanding of messages in between individuals, interculturally, and in... Communication Studies Community Services Education Community Services offerings enable you to improve the quality of your life through lifelong learning. This program of fee-based classes is... Community Services Education Community Studies Community Studies is an applied sociology program that provides a foundation for students to explore the social services, community... Community Studies Computer Information Science Our Computer Information Science programs include computer programming, information systems security, computer networking, management... Computer Information Science Construction The Construction program prepares students for work in construction, remodeling, and energy auditing industries. Students train at the... Construction Construction Management Technology The Construction Management program trains management-level employees for the construction industry, as well as preparation for transfer to... Construction Management Technology Cosmetology The Cosmetology program trains students to become cosmetologists and nail technicians. Cosmetology Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management The Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management programs at Cosumnes River College and American River College provide professional training... Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management Dance The dance studies curriculum at Folsom Lake College offers students the opportunity to develop a breadth of multi-disciplinary dance... Dance Deaf Culture and American Sign Language Studies Our Deaf and American Sign Language (ASL) programs provides coursework in a deaf-centered framework that encourages students to embrace an... Deaf Culture and American Sign Language Studies Dental Assisting The Dental Assisting program of study is an 11-month program and provides the opportunity to acquire a Certificate or an Associate of... Dental Assisting Design and Engineering Technology The Design and Engineering programs at American River College and Sacramento City College emphasize the knowledge and skills required for... Design and Engineering Technology Diesel/Clean Diesel Technology The Diesel/Clean Diesel Technology program includes an introduction to diesel technology, diesel engine repair, basic hydraulic principles... Diesel/Clean Diesel Technology Diagnostic Medical Sonography Diagnostic Medical Sonography, also called ultrasound technology is one of the fastest growing imaging modalities in the allied health... Diagnostic Medical Sonography Early Childhood Education The early childhood education programs offer an interactive approach to acquiring the knowledge, skills, and disposition necessary to work... Early Childhood Education Economics The study of economics analyzes how people and societies produce various commodities and distribute them for consumption, now or in the... Economics Education & Teaching Our education and teaching programs prepare students to be teachers in public and private elementary schools. Education & Teaching Electronics Technology The Electronics Technology program combines broad based Electronic and Telecommunications training with the newest specialty areas. By... Electronics Technology Emergency Medical Technology and Paramedic Emergency Medical Technology and Paramedicine is an allied health specialty whose practitioners respond to emergencies before a patient... Emergency Medical Technology and Paramedic Energy American River College's Energy program provides training in all aspects of solar photovoltaic (PV) system design, installation... Energy Engineering Our Engineering programs provide the foundation in mathematics, physics, and engineering necessary to transfer to a university and complete... Engineering English Our English departments offer courses in composition, literature, creative writing, and English education. Our English courses prepare... English Environmental Technology Folsom Lake College offers courses and/or programs in environmental technology (ENVT) in two areas: Environmental Technology and... Environmental Technology English as a Second Language Our English as a Second Language (ESL) classes offer language classes at multiple levels, from beginning to advanced. We serve multilingual... English as a Second Language Ethnic Studies Our Ethnic Studies programs offer a broad array of courses in African American Studies, Asian American Studies, Mexican American/Chicano... Ethnic Studies Family & Consumer Science The mission of our Family and Consumer Science programs is to prepare students to function effectively in changing family, community, and... Family & Consumer Science Fashion Our fashion programs address the industry’s needs and cover apparel construction, merchandising, retailing, patternmaking, draping, runway... Fashion Film/Digital Cinema Production This program is designed to provide skills in film production, digital cinema, and television through the preparation of projects for... Film/Digital Cinema Production Film & Media Studies Film and Media Studies is designed to develop critical thinking and screenwriting skills while fostering a humanistic and social scientific... Film & Media Studies Fire Technology The fire service is one of the most dynamic employers in the country. Our fire programs are designed to provide students with updated... Fire Technology Foreign Languages Our foreign language programs strive to educate students to their highest level of linguistic potential. Our courses help students acquire... Foreign Languages Funeral Service Education The Funeral Service Education program prepares students for entry-level positions in funeral service. It is designed to meet the... Funeral Service Education General Education The General Education program offers certificates of achievement to satisfy the general education requirements for the California State... General Education Geography & GIS Geography is the science of place and space. Geographers study the relationships among geographic places, natural systems, society... Geography & GIS Geology Geology is the study of the origin and evolution of the earth, utilizing the principles of mathematics, chemistry, physics and biology. The... Geology Gerontology Our Gerontology programs prepare students to assist seniors in managing their health and psychological and social needs unique to the... Gerontology Graphic Design and Digital Media Graphic Design and Digital Media focuses on visual arts produced in a digital environment, including graphic design and 3D animation. Graphic Design and Digital Media Health Education Our health education programs seek to identify the health education needs of local businesses, organizations, and individuals in the... Health Education Health Information Technology Cosumnes River College's health information technology program is designed to train health information professionals with the knowledge and... Health Information Technology Healthcare Interpreting American River College's healthcare interpreter certificate program is designed to prepare bilingual individuals for effective language... Healthcare Interpreting History Our history programs offer a study of history that contributes to cultural literacy and develops critical thinking skills while helping... History Homeland Security The Homeland Security program examines the roots of terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, intelligence analysis, response methods... Homeland Security Honors The Honors Program offers students the opportunity to challenge themselves intellectually in three-unit Honors Scholars courses in a... Honors Horticulture Horticulture is the art or practice of garden cultivation and management. Horticulture includes arboriculture, floriculture, landscape... Horticulture Human Career Development Our Human Career Development courses are designed to help students achieve success in college through a variety of classes, including study... Human Career Development Humanities The humanities are the study of how people process and document the human experience. Humans have long used philosophy, literature... Humanities Imaging The imaging program at Folsom Lake College prepares students for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists’ (ARRT) certifications... Imaging Intercultural Studies The Intercultural Studies Associate in Arts degree prepares students for careers in which they will interact with people from a variety of... Intercultural Studies Interdisciplinary Studies Our interdisciplinary studies programs are intended for students who want a general background in the areas of arts and humanities... Interdisciplinary Studies Interior Design American River College's interior design program provides a foundation of education and skills in the expanding field of interior design... Interior Design Journalism Journalism is the activity or profession of writing for newspapers, magazines, or news websites or preparing news to be broadcast. Journalism Kinesiology & Athletics Our physical education and athletics programs encourage students to hone skills in their personal management of life-long health and... Kinesiology & Athletics Learning, Tutoring and Academic Technology Learning, tutoring, and academic technology courses are designed to help students become more effective at solving academic problems across... Learning, Tutoring and Academic Technology Legal Assisting American River College's legal assisting program is approved by the American Bar Association and has been preparing students for... Legal Assisting Liberal Arts The liberal arts degree is designed for students who to gain broad knowledge of liberal arts and sciences, plus additional studies in one... Liberal Arts Library and Information Technology The Library and Information Technology program is designed to assist students in the development of a wide range of technical skills in... Library and Information Technology Management Managers help organizations achieve their objectives through effective planning, organizing, directing, and controlling. Our management... Management Marketing Marketing is a dynamic area of study that provides immediate job and career opportunities after one course or the completion of a degree... Marketing Math & Statistics The study of mathematics provides students with the ability to think logically and abstractly and to use problem-solving and computational... Math & Statistics Mechanical-Electrical Technology Sacramento City College's mechanical-electrical technology programs has courses in design, installing, operating and maintenance of... Mechanical-Electrical Technology Medical Assisting Cosumnes River College's medical assisting program prepares competent entry-level medical assistants in the cognitive (knowledge... Medical Assisting Medical Technology The medical laboratory technician (MLT) program at Folsom Lake College is designed to prepare students to qualify for and pass the National... Medical Technology Modern Making The modern making curriculum at Folsom Lake College is ideal for makers, artists, entrepreneurs, educators, hobbyists, inventors, and... Modern Making Music Our music programs include vocal and instrumental components as well as courses on music, history, theory, and electronic music. Music Natural Resources American River College's natural resources program focuses on environmental conservation. Environmental conservation is an... Natural Resources Nursing and Allied Health The Nursing program consists of a combination of general education and nursing courses with related laboratory experience in local health... Nursing and Allied Health Nutrition and Food Our nutrition, dietetics, and foods programs teach students about food and its effect on our health. Students learn about food preparation... Nutrition and Food Occupational Therapy Occupational therapy assistants work with people of all ages who, because of physical, cognitive, developmental, social, or emotional... Occupational Therapy Pharmacy Technology Cosumnes River College's pharmacy technology program includes didactic, laboratory, and practicum components that are structured to... Pharmacy Technology Philosophy Philosophy is the logical examination of the fundamental issues people have pondered for over 2,500 years. What is reality and what is... Philosophy Photography Ous photography programs teach entry-level skills for careers in the photographic industry. Students interested in photography as visual... Photography Physical Science The Physical Science program is meant to give the student a comprehensive breadth of the field of physical science and a hands-on learning... Physical Science Physical Therapy Physical therapist assistants (PTAs) are licensed health care providers who provide physical therapy services under the supervision of a... Physical Therapy Physics Physics is the study of the nature and properties of matter and energy. Distinguished from chemistry and biology, physics includes the... Physics Political Science Political science is the study of the systems people set up to organize their societies, from neighborhoods to nations. Politics affect... Political Science Project Management The project management curriculum is highly relevant to the emerging market of project management in professional services like health... Project Management Psychology Psychology is the study of the way humans and animals act, feel, think, and learn. Part of psychology's appeal and fascination is the fact... Psychology Public Safety The Sacramento Regional Public Safety Training Center provides high-quality training and educational programs for public safety personnel... Public Safety Radio Production Cosumnes River College's radio production program concentrates on the audio portion of broadcasting, with emphasis on performing, editing... Radio Production Radio, Television, & Film Production This instructional program is designed to train students for skills needed in jobs requiring basic knowledge in radio, television, or film... Radio, Television, & Film Production Real Estate Our real estate programs offer a variety of courses that satisfy State of California prerequisites for Real Estate Salesperson and Real... Real Estate Recreation We offer programs and courses in recreation management for those who are seeking a future in the recreation field. Our programs explore the... Recreation Respiratory Care American River College's respiratory care program prepares students for licensure as respiratory care practitioners in the state of... Respiratory Care Science The Science program provides a broad study in the fields of biological and physical sciences in preparation for transfer to a four-year... Science Social Science & International Studies Our social science programs are designed to highlight the interconnectedness of various scientific disciplines. The curriculum enables... Social Science & International Studies Social Work and Human Services Our social work and human services programs prepare students for employment as para-professionals and also prepare students for transfer to... Social Work and Human Services Sociology Our social science programs are designed to highlight the interconnectedness of various scientific disciplines. The curriculum enables... Sociology Speech Communication Speech Communication courses offer instruction and practice in a variety of communication settings. The program includes theory and... Speech Communication Speech/Language Pathology American River College's speech/language pathology program prepares students to assist speech-language pathologists in treating disorders... Speech/Language Pathology Student Government Student government courses are designed for students interested in developing their leadership skills and participating in planning and... Student Government Television Production Cosumnes River College's television production program is designed to provide skills in television and film production through the... Television Production Theatre Arts Our theatre arts programs provide a broad foundation in various aspects of theatre including history, diversity, and production. Students... Theatre Arts Veterinary Technology Our Veterinary Technology program provides a rigorous academic curriculum with ample hands-on experience. Students gain a working knowledge... Veterinary Technology Viticulture Viticulture is the study and production of grapes, often for the purpose of making wine. This program prepares students for work in... Viticulture Welding Welding encompasses study in electrical, metallurgy, chemistry, physics, design, and mechanical engineering. Our Welding programs are... Welding Women & Gender Studies The women and gender studies program provides students with critical thinking skills through the lens of women’s experiences and feminist... Women & Gender Studies Work Experience Our cooperative work experience education and internship program is a unique educational plan. It provides students with the opportunity to... Work Experience Social Work and Human Services Our social work and human services programs prepare students for employment as para-professionals and also prepare students for transfer to... Social Work and Human Services Broadcast Journalism The Broadcast Journalism program introduces students to news reporting that is delivered electronically instead of being published in... Broadcast Journalism Apprenticeship We offer apprenticeships in carpentry, drywall/lathing, electrical, ironworking, sheet metal, utilities, and more. Apprenticeship News December 15, 2025 Los Rios Community College District to Select Dr. Torence Powell as Chancellor Read More News Events Jan 06 Refugee Career Pathways Program Orientation (Ukrainian/Russian) from 1:00 to 2:00 p.m. Jan 07 ARC - Accelerated College Education (ACE) Program - Information Session from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Jan 13 Refugee Career Pathways Program Orientation (Dari/Pashto) from 1:00 to 2:00 p.m. Jan 14 Districtwide Flex Workshop: Togetherall: Why Peer to Peer Support Works and Overview of Student Health & Wellness Center Services from 9:00 to 9:55 a.m. Jan 14 Districtwide Flex Workshop: Creating a Culture of Care: Looking Inward to Support Our Students from 10:00 to 10:55 a.m. Calendar and Events Social Los Rios Community College District Follow Los Rios Community College District on Facebook Los Rios Community College District on X (formerly Twitter) Los Rios Community College District on Instagram Los Rios Community College District on LinkedIn Los Rios Community College District on YouTube Apply Support Us Contact Us Directory Los Rios Community College District on Facebook Los Rios Community College District on X (formerly Twitter) Los Rios Community College District on Instagram Los Rios Community College District on LinkedIn Los Rios Community College District on YouTube Prospective Students Future Student FAQ Dual Enrollment Students International Students Undocumented Students Veterans Current Students College Contact Information Enroll in Classes Order Transcripts Password Management Student ID Lookup Employees Academic Calendar Employee Email Employee Self-Service Jobs at Los Rios Employee Benefits Community Board Agendas Chancellor Our Values Los Rios Colleges Foundation Los Rios Police Department American River College Cosumnes River College Folsom Lake College Sacramento City College Accessibility Accreditation Consumer Information Disability Accommodation Equity and Diversity Privacy Policy Safety Report (Clery) Sexual Violence and Title IX Protections Site Index The Los Rios Community College District's policies and practices are consistent with and in compliance with Proposition 209. Los Rios is deeply committed to equity and diversity but does not use race, ethnicity, or sex as criteria for preferential treatment in public employment or public contracting. Copyright 2025. Los Rios Community College District. Back to top of page