VIN Performance Management Software Solutions LotGPT Why Lotlinx Resources Case Studies Info Sheets Videos Blog Press Newsletters Company About Us Careers Solutions LotGPT Why Lotlinx Resources Case Studies Info Sheets Videos Blog Press Newsletters Company About Us Careers Login Request a Demo Win With Every VIN Maximize profit — one VIN at a time. With Lotlinx, you’re in control of your inventory — not the market, not markdowns and not your ad spend. Long before AI became a buzzword, we built the industry’s first VIN performance platform — powered by AI and the most robust dataset of VIN and shopper behavior — to help dealers optimize every vehicle and maximize profit. Schedule a Demo Watch Video The Hard Truth About Inventory Management You work hard to move your inventory —  from price adjustments to paid promotion. But many cars still sit too long, eating away profit. Why does this happen? Inventory Blindspots Many dealers can’t see how each vehicle is performing — and don’t realize their inventory risk or the drivers of underperformance — until it’s too late. Premature Markdowns Dealers have traditionally relied on price cuts when inventory lingers. But price isn’t always the roadblock. Often,  it’s other unaddressed issues — like lack of visibility — that are actually holding the vehicle back from selling. Inefficient Marketing Dealers invest significantly in advertising channels that typically work in silos— built to maximize clicks, not drive results for individual VINs. Your hot vehicles attract significant traffic. Meanwhile, the VINs that truly need visibility go unseen. Poor Merchandising Many vehicles don’t present well online. Weak photos and descriptions keep them from standing out and getting the engagement they need to move. Predict and Act On Inventory Risk Lotlinx helps dealers spot risk sooner and put their best foot forward with every VIN — through smarter pricing, promotion and merchandising. Spot the Risk Before It Hurts Lotlinx’s AI analyzes millions of VINs and shopper interactions daily, generating predictive insights that help dealers spot at-risk vehicles and deep dive into why they’re underperforming. Move Cars with Precision Lotlinx’s smart VIN targeting uses machine learning to give each vehicle the exposure it needs from Day 1. It puts your core and at-risk vehicles in front of lower-funnel buyers on the right channels, at the right time, with the right budget. Turn Each VIN Into a Star Lotlinx’s merchandising tools make it easier to upgrade photos and descriptions for each VIN — so every vehicle looks its best and gets the engagement it needs to move. Get Instant Inventory Guidance Lotlinx gives managers their own AI-powered, chat-based “inventory assistant” — trained on the industry’s most robust VIN and shopper data. Explore Our Solutions Results That Drive Profit When you have the right insights and tools to make smarter decisions, your inventory moves faster and more profitably. Faster Turn fewer days on the lot compared to the market average 0 % Reduced Markdowns less markdowns per VIN compared to the market average $ 0 Lower Holding Costs in reduced holding costs per VIN* compared to the market average $ 0 *Estimated based on industry standard daily holding costs per VIN. See Dealer Case Studies What Dealers Are Saying Real voices. Real results. Dealers across the country use Lotlinx to solve their toughest inventory challenges and protect their profits. Lotlinx definitely helps us move metal at a much faster pace than we’re used to. Edwin Tan General Manager, San Francisco Toyota Watch the Video I’ve used a number of tools over the years and I would say that Lotlinx has been the most effective tool I have used ever in my career. Richard Burke General Manager, Bonnell Ford Watch the Video It is just amazing the reach that you get with these cars. I can show a customer that’s in-market for a hot vehicle that I have it at a competitive price. Alex Pogue General Manager, Pogue Chrysler Watch the Video Lotlinx gives us the data so that we don’t have to race to the bottom or give up gross. Jamie Enders-Bonk Marketing Director Watch the Video × Trusted by Top Dealers and Brands Nationwide From single rooftops to the nation’s largest dealer groups, Lotlinx powers smarter inventory decisions for thousands of dealers across the country — including the industry’s leading OEMs. Every VIN Should Be a Win Let’s make it happen. Schedule your demo today and see how Lotlinx helps you move inventory faster and maximize profits. 20 Grove Street, Peterborough, NH 03458 hello@lotlinx.com 1-877-VIN-RISK Youtube Linkedin Twitter Facebook About Us Careers Contact Us About Us Careers Contact Us Subscribe to our newsletter Join the thousands of subscribers who receive guides and tips on improving dealership profitability Copyright © Lotlinx Inc. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Solutions LotGPT Why Lotlinx Resources Case Studies Info Sheets Videos Blog Press Newsletters Company About Us Careers Login Request a Demo