LottieFiles: Download Free lightweight animations for website & apps. Products Integrations Tools Customers Learn Pricing Search animations ⌘ K En Log in Sign up Search for animations by keyword or upload an image for visual search Hire me settings Add a "Hire" Button on to your profile to let visitors know that you're looking for new opportunities. Available for hire To be eligible for getting hired, you'll need to: Upgrade one of your workspaces to a paid workspace Have at least 10 animations published to community Publish animation Great designs come alive with motion! Create, manage and implement lightweight animations across websites, apps, presentations, social and more. Get started for free Tiny file format but mighty Theming in one file, limitless creativity Interactive for delightful experiences Dev ready and easy to implement Trusted by 15 million+ designers and developers from over 280,000 companies worldwide World’s largest customizable animation library Over 800,000+ Free & Premium ready-to-use animations. Search animations... ⌘ K Explore All Animations Amazon Logo Home element Interactive IOS 26 inspired tab menu Chagee Fun Christmas tree Apple TV Mnemonic Logo Check-In Stream Totoro Walk Interactive Mage animation Loading animation for Client book Amazon Logo Home element Interactive IOS 26 inspired tab menu Chagee Fun Christmas tree Apple TV Mnemonic Logo Check-In Stream Totoro Walk Interactive Mage animation Loading animation for Client book Amazon Logo Home element Interactive IOS 26 inspired tab menu Chagee Fun Christmas tree Apple TV Mnemonic Logo Check-In Stream Totoro Walk Interactive Mage animation Loading animation for Client book flying bird Car dashboard HUD UI Folders Davsan Super Mario Loader cat Sushi Shapes A girl with a flag+Shadow Breathe flying bird Car dashboard HUD UI Folders Davsan Super Mario Loader cat Sushi Shapes A girl with a flag+Shadow Breathe flying bird Car dashboard HUD UI Folders Davsan Super Mario Loader cat Sushi Shapes A girl with a flag+Shadow Breathe boxer lottie Social Bubble Love is blind Apple Image Playground Animation Confetti - Animation 01 Loading Cat Orange skating Mail Box loading Rotating Gem boxer lottie Social Bubble Love is blind Apple Image Playground Animation Confetti - Animation 01 Loading Cat Orange skating Mail Box loading Rotating Gem boxer lottie Social Bubble Love is blind Apple Image Playground Animation Confetti - Animation 01 Loading Cat Orange skating Mail Box loading Rotating Gem Your motion creation, simplified Save countless hours and streamline your motion workflow with Lottie Creator, or design right within your favorite tools and export it as a Lottie with our integrations. We make motion design easy. Lottie Creator LottieFiles for Figma LottieFiles for After Effects Lottie Creator Designed to create ultra-lightweight, highly customizable and interactive animations for web, apps and social. Superpowered with AI-based Motion Copilot. Start creating A modern motion workflow built for teams and enterprises Save countless design and development hours with a modern motion workflow. View all features Your team's workspace Create, customize, manage, share and review animations with peers in a secure and centralized place. Optimize and download Make your websites and apps load faster than ever with dotLottie and optimized dotLottie, driving higher conversions. Progress updates Stay aligned with your team by tracking animation progress using built-in comments and status updates. Seamless developer handoff Preview, test, optimize and implement animations with our built-in CDN, runtimes and VSCode integration. Integration Access your private Lottie library directly within Figma, Framer, Webflow and Canva for a seamless creative workflow. Figma After Effects Canva Webflow Framer Premier Pro New high-performance dotLottie runtimes Lottie, the industry standard for motion design 10x faster to ship Dev ready and easy to implement dotLottie 0 kb 90% smaller than GIF Lottie JSON 0 kb 60% smaller than GIF GIF 0 kb 3x increase in user engagement 40% boost in SEO ranking 5x faster page load speed Interactive for delightful experiences Implement your animations in just a few clicks Built to integrate with popular design and developer tools. View all integrations Unlock your creative potential with AI Discover how AI and creativity blend seamlessly with Motion Copilot for Lottie Creator and Figma, and Raster to Vector, AI Prompt to Vector for Figma by LottieFiles. Learn more about AI features Explore AI Motion Copilot AI Prompt to Vector Raster to Vector in Figma AI-based Theming Motion Copilot Describe the motion you want and Motion Copilot will generate smooth keyframes for your animation. AI Prompt to Vector Convert text prompts into high-quality AI-generated vector graphics that are ready to be animated, all within Figma. Raster to Vector in Figma Transform raster images into scalable vector graphics using the LottieFiles for Figma plugin. AI-based Theming Utilize LottieFiles AI-based Theming to create stunning themes, including dark and light mode versions. Motion Copilot Describe the motion you want and Motion Copilot will generate smooth keyframes for your animation. Design teams love LottieFiles Learn how teams are using Lottie animations to craft user experiences that stick. Explore case studies Barrett Johnson Product Marketing " Our customers can add Lottie animations to their site in seconds, without even thinking about code. The creative control this unlocks is huge. " Salih Abdul-Karim Lead Motion Designer " Instead of spending dozens of hours learning Xcode or Android studio, I use LottieFiles to test and share. Now I use those hours to make my animations as dope as I can. " Saptarshi Prakash Product Design Manager " LottieFiles is a one-stop destination for all your Lottie needs—ever. " Stephanie Martin Sr. Motion Designer " The ability to create dotLottie animations with the LottieFiles ecosystem and After Effects really transformed the way our designers use and edit animations across all platforms. " Canva Canva Team " The adoption of ThorVG has been a transformative move for Canva, addressing critical performance bottlenecks and enhancing the user experience. " Akanshi Srivastava Sr. Software Engineer " dotLottie took away many of our headaches. Its compact format brought consistency across platforms, boosted our productivity and let us focus on crafting beautiful animations. " Barrett Johnson Product Marketing " Our customers can add Lottie animations to their site in seconds, without even thinking about code. The creative control this unlocks is huge. " Salih Abdul-Karim Lead Motion Designer " Instead of spending dozens of hours learning Xcode or Android studio, I use LottieFiles to test and share. Now I use those hours to make my animations as dope as I can. " Saptarshi Prakash Product Design Manager " LottieFiles is a one-stop destination for all your Lottie needs—ever. " Stephanie Martin Sr. Motion Designer " The ability to create dotLottie animations with the LottieFiles ecosystem and After Effects really transformed the way our designers use and edit animations across all platforms. " Canva Canva Team " The adoption of ThorVG has been a transformative move for Canva, addressing critical performance bottlenecks and enhancing the user experience. " Akanshi Srivastava Sr. Software Engineer " dotLottie took away many of our headaches. Its compact format brought consistency across platforms, boosted our productivity and let us focus on crafting beautiful animations. " Create, collaborate and ship. Effortlessly bring motion to your everyday designs. Get started - it's free! We believe motion should be accessible For enterprise Talk to us For community Get certified LottieFiles for Apple Vision Pro Products LottieFiles Platform Lottie Creator Figma plugin Adobe After Effects plugin Lottie Editor LottieFiles Mobile App Free Animations Marketplace Hire Lottie Animators Explore Animations Integrations & Tools Webflow plugin Canva Preview Lottie Animation Web Player Prompt to Vector Raster to Vector SVG to Lottie Lottie to GIF Lottie to dotLottie JSON Editor Optimize Lottie Open Source Libraries Customers Case Studies Use Cases Customer Stories Built with Lottie Why Motion? Resources Education Blog What is Lottie Forum FAQ & Support Lottie Lab Community Developer Portal Interactivity Guide LottieDocs Supported Features dotLottie Runtimes AI features Company What is Lottie Feedback Press Meet the team Careers Terms and Policies Privacy Policy Security Terms and Conditions Terms of Sale Cookie Policy Community Guidelines Upload Guidelines © 2025 Design Barn Inc. Made with from Canada Search for animations by keyword or upload an image for visual search Free & Premium Trending interactivity theming loading success confetti ai arrow login error check money 404 Premium Finance Icons Gaming Business Space Health Animals