Loudwire Skip to main content Skip to site footer Home 2026 New Albums Tour Guide Festival Guide Merch (Vinyl + More) Stay Connected Loudwire News Lists Tours Interviews Original Videos Merch Store Contests Stay Connected More News Lists Tours Interviews Original Videos Merch Store Contests Stay Connected Search The Site Ranked: 13 Best Metal Songs of 2025 Ranked: 13 Best Metal Songs of 2025 Loudwire Staff Loudwire Staff Ranked: 13 Best Metal Songs of 2025 Exclusives Wolfgang Van Halen Names 2 Upcoming Albums He's Excited About Wolfgang Van Halen Names 2 Upcoming Albums He's Excited About Now Trending The 11 Most Anticipated Prog Rock + Prog Metal Albums of 2026 The 11 Most Anticipated Prog Rock + Prog Metal Albums of 2026 In Memoriam - The Rockers We Lost in 2025 In Memoriam - The Rockers We Lost in 2025 The 13 Best Metal Songs of 2025 (Ranked) The 13 Best Metal Songs of 2025 (Ranked) The 13 Best Rock Songs of 2025 (Ranked) The 13 Best Rock Songs of 2025 (Ranked) Latest Stories Jack White Blasts U.S. Congressman in Heated Statement Jack White Blasts U.S. Congressman in Heated Statement Jack White unleashes the fury. Joe DiVita Joe DiVita A Tool Fan's Guide for the New Year's Eve Viral Song Trend A Tool Fan's Guide for the New Year's Eve Viral Song Trend A Tool fan shared a guide on Reddit with time stamps to start playing songs so that the most iconic moment of each track plays right at midnight. Lauryn Schaffner Lauryn Schaffner Dany Ciara Fires Back at As I Lay Dying's Tim Lambesis Dany Ciara Fires Back at As I Lay Dying's Tim Lambesis Dany Ciara has fired back at As I Lay Dying vocalist Tim Lambesis, who wrote a post on social media about her recent podcast appearance. Lauryn Schaffner Lauryn Schaffner Tim Lambesis' Ex-Wife Opens Up on Marriage, Singer Responds Tim Lambesis' Ex-Wife Opens Up on Marriage, Singer Responds Dany Ciara, the ex-wife of As I Lay Dying singer Tim Lambesis, went on a podcast and detailed their troubled marriage issues, which led to a response from the singer. Chad Childers Chad Childers Why Sully Erna Says There Could Be a New Godsmack Album After All Why Sully Erna Says There Could Be a New Godsmack Album After All The founding vocalist/rhythm guitarist previously claimed that 2023's 'Lighting Up the Sky' would be their final LP. Jordan Blum Jordan Blum Jane's Addiction + Farrell Reach Settlement, Lawsuits Dismissed Jane's Addiction + Farrell Reach Settlement, Lawsuits Dismissed The news comes about a week after Jane's Addiction issued a new statement regarding their split and future. Jordan Blum Jordan Blum 5 Bands Who Quietly Invented Subgenres Without Meaning To 5 Bands Who Quietly Invented Subgenres Without Meaning To These bands didn’t set out to invent subgenres, but subgenres followed nonetheless! Sydney Taylor Sydney Taylor 15 Biggest Rock + Metal Concert Tours of 2025 15 Biggest Rock + Metal Concert Tours of 2025 From unexpected returns to massive album anniversary celebrations, these were the concert tours everyone was talking about in 2025. Rob Carroll Rob Carroll The Cure's Perry Bamonte Has Died at 65 The Cure's Perry Bamonte Has Died at 65 The band's official website confirmed that he'd passed away "after a short illness at home over Christmas." Allison Rapp Allison Rapp 2026 Hard Rock + Metal Album Release Calendar 2026 Hard Rock + Metal Album Release Calendar See all the new releases coming each week of 2026. Loudwire Staff Loudwire Staff Load More Articles Information Contact Us Advertise Accessibility Statement Privacy Exercise My Data Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Follow Us Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Youtube Visit us on Facebook Visit us on X 2025 Loudwire , Townsquare Media, Inc . All rights reserved.