Healthy relationships for young adults | love is respect Hope Starts Here: Double Your Impact! Your gift to love is respect empowers young people to build safe, healthy relationships—and right now, every dollar is matched up to $75,000! Double My Gift love is respect Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Menu En Español About dating Dating 101 Intimate relationships Warning signs of abuse Healthy relationships Relationship spectrum Power & control How to set boundaries Understand consent Relationships & cultural context Personal safety Create a safety plan Safety at home Safety at school Safety online Supporting others Support a friend or roommate Support your partner Support a family member Support your child Support a student Get help Interactive safety plan Deaf services Native American services Search our resources love is respect quizzes News Media room About History Partners & sponsors Impact reports Get involved Download and Request Materials Youth Council Teen Dating Violence Awareness Month Donate Search Search Close exit Leave this site safely You can quickly leave this website by clicking the “X” in the top right or by pressing the Escape key twice. To browse this site safely, be sure to regularly clear your browser history. Got it Heads up! Your browser history can be monitored without your knowledge and it can never be wiped completely. Think your internet use might be monitored? Call us at 1.866.331.9474. Learn more about staying safe online and remember to clear your history after visiting this website. You can quickly leave this website at any time by clicking the “X” in the top right or by pressing the Escape key twice. Please contact 911 if you feel like you are in immediate danger or a life-threatening situation. OK love is more than just the way you feel. I wanna know more about: setting boundaries setting boundaries love bombing dating abuse A young women stands strong and proud in her knowledge of healthy relationships. cute young couple outdoor Have questions about your relationship? Or not sure what a relationship is? When your family doesn’t approve of your partner Ending unhealthy relationships Do relationships really take “work”? Campus safety a blinking eye icon Love is confusing. We're here to help. About dating Healthy relationships Personal safety Supporting others Get help Contact love is respect PO Box 90249 Austin, Texas 78709 Administrative Line: 737-225-3150 Follow “This website doesn’t track your visits. External sites may, including social media sites. Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Follow Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube © National Domestic Violence Hotline Privacy Policy Made with by creatives with a conscience This website is supported by Grant Number 90EV0655 from the Office of Family Violence Prevention and Services within the Administration for Children and Families, a division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Neither the Administration for Children and Families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). The opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Administration for Children and Families and the Office of Family Violence Prevention and Services. Exempted from federal income tax under the provisions of Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. This Web site is funded through Grant 15POVC-23-GK-01580 from the Office for Victims of Crime, Office of Justice Programs, U.S. Department of Justice. Neither the U.S. Department of Justice nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse, this Web site (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided. Call 1.866.331.9474 Chat live now Text LOVEIS to 22522 You are about to leave this site to be directed to a trusted partner. Please note their policies may differ from ours. Click 'Continue' to proceed or 'Cancel' to stay" Continue Cancel