Love8
Essential app for couples
Always connect to your love!
App Store
Google Play
Location 
Sharing
Always know how far you are from me.
Location 
History
Guarding every way you go home.
Location 
Story Maps
A time machine that belongs only to us and our romantic moments.
Private 
Chat
Free and romantic communication，don't let distance become our obstacle.
What people
are saying
Lily Chen & Sharon
The Fun Chat feature was a great way for us to stay connected even when we were apart. We loved being able to see each other's location and make plans accordingly.
Johnson & Emily
Love8 allowed us to relive our love story and share it with our family and friends. The personalized touch made all the difference.
Darius & Sophia
We were able to create a beautiful map of all the places we've been together. It's a great reminder of all the special moments we've shared.
FAQ
Why can't I successfully match with the other person?
Check the other party's matching code and network signal; if still unable to match, you can contact us via email and provide a detailed description of the issue you are encountering.
Why is the location sometimes inaccurate?
This situation may occur when the GPS signal is weak or unable to be received normally. Please check your network signal.
Why is there a deviation between my historical location trajectory and my actual trajectory?
This situation may occur when the GPS signal is weak or unable to be received normally. Please check your network signal.
Why do I not receive reminders when leaving or arriving at my designated frequent locations?
Please check if your reminder permissions are turned on and if your network signal is normal.
Contact
 Us
If you encounter any issues or have any suggestions regarding the Love8 app, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will do our best to help you solve the problem and consider good suggestions for app usage. Feel free to reach us anytime.
Email Address
developer@love8app.com
Business cooperation
Chongqing Daole Er Technology Co., Ltd
Terms of User
Privacy Policy
Chongqing Daole Er Technology Co., Ltd
©2023,Love8 Team.