Discover new people near you and build genuine connections – LOVOO Login Support Helpcenter We Are Fighting Fakes Streamer tipps Login Advertising English Select your language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português do Brasil Português Türkçe Love is where you are. LOVOO is your community for chatting and getting to know people.
Discover people nearby, make friends, and find the love of your life. Download for iOS Download for Android The app with heart. The app that evolves with you.
The app you rage-quit today and reinstall on your phone the next day. Since 2011, we’ve been the place to meet new people. For friendship. For love. For everything in between. Whatever you’re looking for – your chance starts here. Register now App features Near you – Everything at a glance Check who’s currently online and in your area in Near you. Now all that’s left is for someone to take the first step. Match – More than just a swipe Decide who you’re interested in meeting with a simple swipe in Match. If it’s a match, you can start chatting instantly. Experience live dates, shows, and more Tired of just uploading pictures? Share live videos on LOVOO! Start a stream, talk about yourself, and interact with your viewers. We are LOVOO. We believe love can happen anywhere.
On a streetcar, at a local café, when you turn a corner, or in an app.
You never know who you’ll meet — or how it will change you. Love is always a gamble. But we also believe that technology can’t replace real-life chemistry. The only way to know if it’s right is by taking a leap of faith. What do you have to lose? Register now We’re here for you. Joining LOVOO is your first step toward finding your next meaningful relationship.
From helpful tips for your profile to celebrating your milestones, we’re here to help you find love. Contact Careers Ads Support Press General Terms and Conditions of Use LOVOO Declaration on accessibility Cookies and tracking Community Guidelines Privacy Policy About Us Open Source Licenses Compliance © PE Digital GmbH - LOVOO 2026. All rights reserved.