Lowellsun.com covers local news and community news in Lowell, Dracut, Chelmsford, Tyngsboro, Tewksbury, Billerica, Westford, Littleton, Wilmington, Concord, Acton, Boxboro, Pelham, Methuen, Bedford, Burlington, Carlisle, Boston, and more Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 23°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 E-Edition Home Page News News The Sun Santa Fund Local News Crime and Public Safety Politics Education Health Business Best Reviews Car Smart Contact Us Purchase Photos World News Sports Sports High School Sports College Boxing/MMA Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Golf Fishing Entertainment Entertainment Comics Puzzles Lottery Events Fun and Games Special Sections Contests & Promotions Lifestyle Lifestyle My Sun Weekender Dream Retriever Ask the Psychic The Z List Daley Decor Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Memoriams Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters The Column Send Letter to the Editor Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Log In Logout Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Search Lowell Sun 23°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 E-Edition News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Opinion Breaking News Lowell man held without bail in shooting of mother’s boyfriend December 31, 2025 at 2:30 pm Featured ‘Proud son of Lowell’ Phil Shea dies at 84 LOWELL — Phil Shea loved the people part of politics. Of all his civic accomplishments, and there were many, to his friends and colleagues, his most distinguishing feature was that Shea was a person who put the community at the center of his long career in government. Former state Rep. and state Sen. Phil Shea, a member of the Lowell High School Class of 1959, at the Nov. 2, 2016 event where he was inducted into the school's Distinguished Alumni. Shea died Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025 at the age of 84. (Sun file photo/John Love) Phil Shea and his longtime girlfriend, Anne Farley, unveil the plaque dedicating the newly renovated Market Street bridge in Shea's honor on Sunday, June 27, 2021. The former Lowell city councilor, state representative and state senator grew up in public housing on nearby Lewis Street and now gives back as chairman of the Lowell Housing Authority Board of Commissioners. (Sun / Alana Melanson) Lowell Housing Authority board Vice Chair and state Rep. Rodney Elliott, left, shakes hands with former board Chair Phil Shea during the June 12, 2024 meeting. Shea stepped down in April, and his former colleagues surprised Shea with accolades and citations for his years of public service to the housing agency. (Courtesy Rodney Elliott) Lowell Housing Authority Executive Director Tha Chhan, at left gives Secretary of Housing and Livable Communities Ed Augustus, second from right, a tour of the North Common Village Dec. 16, 2025. (Melanie Gilbert/Lowell Sun) Former state Rep. and state Sen. Phil Shea, a member of the Lowell High School Class of 1959, speaks at the Nov. 2, 2016 event where he was inducted into the school's Distinguished Alumni. At right is fellow honoree, the Rev. Roger Landry from the Class of 1988. Shea died Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025 at the age of 84. (Sun file photo/John Love) Former state Rep. and state Sen. Phil Shea, a member of the Lowell High School Class of 1959, addresses the crowd at the Nov. 2, 2016 event where he was inducted into the school's Distinguished Alumni. Shea died Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025 at the age of 84. (Sun file photo/John Love) Show Caption 1 of 6 Former state Rep. and state Sen. Phil Shea, a member of the Lowell High School Class of 1959, at the Nov. 2, 2016 event where he was inducted into the school's Distinguished Alumni. Shea died Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025 at the age of 84. (Sun file photo/John Love) Expand Lowell man held without bail in shooting of mother’s boyfriend The Five Minute Read Boston finishes 2025 on a happy note Sun Santa donations top $50K Latest Headlines Patriots DL Christian Barmore facing domestic violence charge 7 hours ago 140 layoffs between two Wilmington companies 12 hours ago Conditions cooperate as people flock to Nashoba Valley, Wachusett Mountain 1 day ago NH Dems react to rumors of plans for ICE processing facility in Merrimack 13 hours ago Patriots star WR Stefon Diggs ‘categorically denies’ allegations in criminal case 13 hours ago IBEW Local 2321 donates toys to House of Hope 1 day ago Man seriously injured in Lowell shooting 1 day ago Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular Man seriously injured in Lowell shooting Man seriously injured in Lowell shooting Market Basket board files motion to sanction Artie T Market Basket board files motion to sanction Artie T 140 layoffs between two Wilmington companies 140 layoffs between two Wilmington companies State extends Lowell’s ICC shelter lease through 2026 State extends Lowell's ICC shelter lease through 2026 Lowell man held without bail in shooting of mother’s boyfriend Lowell man held without bail in shooting of mother's boyfriend SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Arrest log Arrest log Methuen man charged with killing his mother Methuen man charged with killing his mother Patriots star WR Stefon Diggs ‘categorically denies’ allegations in criminal case Patriots star WR Stefon Diggs ‘categorically denies’ allegations in criminal case Crime and Public Safety Arrest log The following arrests were made recently by local police departments. All defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Massachusetts’ privacy law prevents police from releasing information involving domestic and sexual violence arrests with the goal to protect the alleged victims. Leominster man in court accused of killing his wife Arrest log Chelmsford marks 10 years of free rides and tows for holiday revelers Sports Tuesday’s high school sports: Lowell boys, girls basketball teams capture titles Led by four players in double figures, the Lowell High boys basketball team defeated Haverhill, 75-69, to capture its second straight and 18th championship of the 49th annual 3E Moving and Storage/Greater Lowell Holiday Classic on Tuesday night at Westford... Monday’s high school roundup: Lowell girls rally past Arlington to stay unbeaten College basketball: UML men fall on road to 25th-ranked Iowa Bruins drop another one, 2-1, in OT to Calgary Editorials Editorial: Be cognizant of the danger thin ice presents Thanks to an extended Christmas break — a present given to some area school districts -- there’s been ample opportunity to enjoy various outdoor activities, including sledding, skiing, snowmobiling, snowboarding and ice skating. Editorial: On the lookout for another thought eradicated virus Editorial: Agencies need real clout to exert health-care control Editorial: No confusion about CFS’ fusion goals Photos Ringing in the season at Chelmsford’s Holiday Prelude Chelmsford welcomed the holiday season Sunday at the annual Holiday Prelude and tree lighting event on the town common. Happy Halloween! MonsterBash takes over Downtown Lowell Whistler House celebrates 200th anniversary Bringing Revolutionary history to seniors Animals amaze, delight at Middlesex County 4-H Fair Pink paddle on the Concord River Lowell Southeast Asian Water Festival celebrates Asian culture Show More Photos Live music, Country Fair ring in the Fourth of July in Chelmsford Lowell lights up the Fourth of July Chelmsford turns out for Independence Day parade Preservation of Portuguese heritage celebrated at Lowell’s Día de Portugal festivities Pride Month brightens up Lowell Local News Market Basket board files motion to sanction Artie T The board of the Market Basket grocery store chain filed a motion for sanctions against... The Five Minute Read Massachusetts officials welcome ceasefire between Cambodia and Thailand State extends Lowell’s ICC shelter lease through 2026 Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Business Some Warren Buffett wisdom on his last day leading Berkshire Hathaway Buffett spent six decades building up the Berkshire conglomerate. Sprinkles Cupcakes closing all stores New Year’s Eve Average US long-term mortgage rate falls to the lowest level of the year at 6.15% Wall Street falls in light trading on the final day of 2025, another banner year for markets Entertainment English actors Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton welcome their second child Hiddleston and Ashton first met while starring in a 2019 revival of the play “Betrayal.” LAPD places security hold on medical examiner’s report in Reiner murders Disney to integrate Hulu and Disney+ in 2026 Eric Dane’s ex had to fight for his 24/7 nursing care as ALS worsens Letters to the Editor Letters to the Editor: Vote ‘yes’ for Shaker Lane School replacement Vote ‘yes’ for Shaker Lane School I am a Littleton resident who supports the proposed... Letters to the Editor: An open letter to the Market Basket Board Events Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up For Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Digital Subscription FAQ Contests Purchase Photos Work With Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap Classifieds Today’s Print Ads Public Notices Local Guide MNG Network Advertising Special Sections Adtaxi Solutions Homes Jobs Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio Arbitration MediaNews Group Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2026 MediaNews Group Close