Features About Features Contact Get in Touch How we reduce lag Specialize in connectivity-focused solutions designed to elevate app performance. Network Check API Check the network coverage and quality in any location globally via an API to out platform. Analytics Detailed insights and recommendations to improve your users’ experience, ranked by importance and impact. Outage Detection Alert your operations teams to connectivity outages by location and network. Coming soon... Roaming Recommendations Measure user experience, check SLAs, recommend best operators Connection Optimizer Deploying our SDK allows you to give users recommend on how to improve their app experience based on network connectivity which will result in better retention rates. Custom Solutions Access our range of network coverage, quality and optimization solutions to meet your unique requirements. Features Metrics and Insights We Provide Metrics that matter Time sufficiency and latency measurements (including thresholds met / missed for good app experience) User retention Task Progress % time and % sessions Signal quality Challenges we solve How is poor connectivity impacting my app KPIs? Are users blocking internet access to block ads? What % of the issues are within my control to fix? How do my metrics compare to other apps? Where are the quick-win revenue growth opportunities? How it Works Integrate LLL SDK ● Small ● No sensitive data ● <1 hour to integrate. Monthly Analysis Report Low Lag Labs identifies problems and makes recommendations Implement Recommendations Adjustments to UX/UX, server optimizations, app caching and more. Observe Improvements Track improvements to KPIs including revenue, LTV, session length, retention and more. Read our blogs for the latest news, trends, tips and insights September 2024 Marketing The Future of E-commerce An analysis of the future of e-commerce and the trends shaping the industry. September 2024 Effective Website Design A guide to effective website design principles that enhance user experience and engagement. September 2024 Trends in Digital Marketing Explore the latest trends in digital marketing and how they can impact your business strategy. Ready to transform your app's performance? Start with a free assessment. Sign Up Today Have questions? We’re here to help. Contact us to get started with a free assessment of your app’s performance on mobile networks. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Privacy Policy Contact Us The Boutique Workplace Company, 6 Bennetts Hill, Birmingham B2 5ST © 2024 Low Lag Labs. All Right Reserved