Welcome to Loyola University | Loyola University New Orleans Skip to main content Toggle Mobile Menu Loyola University New Orleans is closed for the holiday season. We will reopen on Monday, January 5. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you and yours! utility menu left Visit Apply Undergraduate Graduate Online Programs Law Professional and Continuing Studies Library Calendar News Commencement Find People utility menu right Resources Find Faculty/Staff Find Students Bulletin HowlConnect Bookstore Log in to Single Sign On Gmail Employee Web Services Zoom LORA Self-Service Canvas Office 365 Home About Facts History University Mission + Vision Student Right-to-Know (HEOA) State Authorization Policies Accreditations Professional Licensure Disclosures Office of The President Strategic Plan 2030 Pillar One Pillar Two Pillar Three Pillar Four Pillar Five Pillar Six Challenges and Opportunities Acknowledgements Strategic Partnerships The Five Presidents Forum Board of Trustees Offices + Initiatives Advancement Enrollment Management Finance and Administration Human Resources Marketing + Communications Mission + Identity Office of the Provost Primary University Contacts Student Affairs Events News Multicultural Anti-Discrimination Advisory Committee Employment Admissions How to Apply First-Year Students College of Music and Media Applicants College of Music and Media: Art Department College of Music and Media: Design Department College of Music and Media: Pop and Commercial Music College of Music and Media: School of Music College of Music and Media: Theatre Department Requirements Department of Film Music Industry Studies; Urban & Electronic Music Production; Entertainment Industry Studies Transfer Students International Students Law Students Graduate Students Online Programs Professional and Continuing Studies High School/Concurrent Enrollment Other Submit Your Deposit Meet your Counselor Tuition and Financial Aid Financial Aid Tuition and Fees Net Price Calculator Scholarships Financial Aid Resources Office of Scholarships and Grants Student Financial Services Tuition and Fees 2021-22 Contingent Fees, Residence Halls, Meal Plans 2024-25 Graduate Tuition & Fees 2024-25 Undergraduate Tuition & Fees 2025-26 Graduate Tuition & Fees 2025-26 Undergraduate Tuition & Fees Graduate Tuition and Fee Schedules Law Tuition and Fees Schedule Paperless Billing (e-Bills) Tax Credits and the 1098-T Undergraduate Tuition and Fee Schedules Student Account Refunds Payment Options Statement of Account Tuition Protection Plan Payment Due Dates Refund Policies SFS Staff SFS Forms Visit Loyola Navigating the Cresent City Maps, Directions, and Parking Virtual Tour Ignatian Scholars High School Counselors Incoming Students Admitted Undergraduate Students Incoming Students: Fall 2026 Incoming Students: Spring 2026 Student Success Center Wolf Pack Action Items Incoming Graduate Students Graduate Program Contacts Academics Programs and Degrees Undergraduate Graduate Minors Online Programs Postgraduate Certificates Program Requirements Colleges College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Law College of Music and Media College of Nursing and Health Loyola Online Loyola City College Loyola Core First-Year Seminar Loyola Core Badges Ways to Learn International Online Study Abroad Special Sessions University Honors Program Centers & Institutes Faculty and Staff Directory Campus Life A Day in the Life Student Life and Ministry Campus Recreation Transfer Students Student Organizations Commuter Students Fraternity and Sorority Life International Student Association Ministry Student News Media Athletics Housing Dining Student Services Accessible Education Graduate Student Resources Student Affairs Career Development Counseling Center Iggy's Cupboard Student Conduct Student Success Student Health Services Transportation Resources Loyola Online Programs and Degrees Admissions Welcome Louisiana Community and Technical College Transfer Students! Undergraduate Graduate Nursing International Online Transfer Students Prior Learning Assessment AU-ABC Program CCAF General Education Mobile (GEM) Program Tuition and Financial Aid Tuition & Fees Ways to Pay Check Your Eligibility Finalize Your Award FAQ's Student Success Stories Student Resources Accreditation & State Authorization Alumni + Giving Alumni Alumni Association Chapters + Groups Reunions Services + Benefits Update your Information Pack Press and Alumni News Alumni Awards + Honors Volunteering Donate Alumni Online Community Alumni Staff Giving Give Now Tribute and Memorial Gifts Giving to Loyola Funding Priorities How to Give Estate Planning The Loyola Fund Give to Student Organizations President's Fund Naming Opportunities Giving Societies Policies & Procedures University Advancement Staff Loyola Loyal Day Alumni & Donor Profiles Alumni Events Loyno Magazine Community Report a Concern Title IX Jesuit Identity Office of Mission & Identity Mission Priority Examen Jesuit Social Research Institute Ministry Community Engagement Community Action Program (LUCAP) Ignacio Volunteer Program Themed Living Communities Service Learning New Orleans Neighborhoods City Guides Military Personnel and Veterans Parents and Families Family Weekend Social Media Hub Loyola Faculty Bookshelf Loyola Alumni Bookshelf Loyola Academy Search I'm looking for... Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Visit the Loyola University New Orleans  page Visit the Loyola University New Orleans  page Visit the Loyola University New Orleans  page Visit the Loyola University New Orleans  page Visit the Loyola University New Orleans  page Merry Christmas! Peace, joy, and blessings to our Loyola community this season and beyond. Floating Menu Visit Apply Undergraduate Graduate Law Online Programs Professional & Continuing Studies Request Info Undergraduate Graduate Law Online Programs Professional & Continuing Studies Give Now Visit LOYNO There's no place in the world like New Orleans, and there's no other school like Loyola University! Experience it for yourself with a guided campus tour led by one of our student ambassadors. See visit options Student Profile Academic Profile Community Profile Entire experience. Whole person. However you decide to be you, you'll have the holistic support of Loyola faculty, staff, Jesuit community and fellow students. Learn more 100+ student organizations, clubs and intramural sports 93% of Loyola graduates have started their career or are enrolled in advanced study within six months of graduation. 12 : 1 student-faculty ratio 99% of incoming freshmen receive financial aid Be more than a major. Our students and graduates are the best and the brightest, applying their creativity both inside and outside of the classroom. Our professors hail from all over the world and bring with them real-world experience in their fields. Learn more 1 in 3 Loyola University New Orleans students study abroad, choosing from more than 50 countries #8 Best College Newspapers (Princeton Review) #22 Most Active Student Government (Princeton Review) #48 Best Value Schools (U.S. News and World Report) New Orleans is your Campus Named one of the most creative cities in the U.S., New Orleans has brought out ingenuity and energy in every one of our students for over 100 years. Learn more #21 College City Gets High Marks (Princeton Review) #15 Town-Gown Relations Are Great (Princeton Review) 90% of Loyola University New Orleans students participate in at least one experiential learning opportunity #12 Lots of Race/Class Interaction (Princeton Review) Loyola University New Orleans | Calendars and Events HowlConnect Events hosted by student-led organizations. Wolf Pack Athletics A schedule of upcoming athletics events. Loyola Presents Musical, theatre, and arts events at Loyola. Academic Calendars Important dates and academic deadlines. What's Going On? All Community Aug 17 – May 3 5pm Mass and Dinner Come together with other students to pray the Catholic Mass (you do … Read More Aug 19 – May 6 Sweet-n-Greet with Resident Minister Ken Weber Come say Hi to your Resident Minister over a sweet treat! Read More Aug 20 – Apr 30 Sweet-n-Greet with Resident Minister Judy Lavergne Come say Hi to your Resident Minister over a sweet treat! Read More Aug 22 – May 2 Sweet-n-Greet with Resident Minister Neg... Join Resident Minister Negina Khalili for sweet treats! Read More Oct 21 – May 6 Mass and Bible Study Lunch Join together for Mass at 12:30 p.m. (optional) followed by Bible st… Read More Jan 11 St. Louis Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the St. Louis Alumni Chapter on Sunday, January 11th, from 1 - … Read More Jan 16 2026 Law Alumni Luncheon The Loyola University New Orleans College of Law invites you to atte… Read More Jan 18 – Jan 22 MLK Wall of Dreams Visit the One Loyola Room and write your aspirations for a more just… Read More Jan 19 Film Screening & Discussion Openly gay MLK Jr. advisor Bayard Rustin, a key architect of the Civ… Read More Jan 20 MLK Interfaith Celebration Commemorate MLK's legacy and those who live it through a keynote spe… Read More Jan 21 Lunch & Learn: Advocacy Equip yourself to influence decisions, policies, and create positive… Read More Jan 21 Magis Catholic Community Lounge Dedication Student Life and Ministry invites the university community to join P… Read More Jan 21 Bible Study Across Difference Loyola's Christian ministries will each lead a 10-minute Bible study… Read More Jan 21 NYC Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the &nbsp;New York Alumni Chapter for community, king cake, and… Read More Jan 22 Info Session: Paris Summer 2026 Come learn more about studying music, national identity, and French … Read More Jan 23 Loyola Opera: Carlisle Floyd's Susannah Join us for an inspiring start to a year of artistry and bold storyt… Read More Jan 24 2026 Wolf Pack Athletics Hall of Fame Re... Join Wolf Pack Athletics and the Loyola University New Orleans Alumn… Read More Jan 25 Loyola Opera: Carlisle Floyd's Susannah Night Two Loyola Opera Theatre celebrates the 100th anniversary of the birth o… Read More Jan 27 CIE Culture Cup: France and the U.K.! Join CIE for a CUP OF CULTURE! The Culture Cup is an international a… Read More Jan 29 Dallas Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Dallas Alumni Chapter for community, king cake and revelry … Read More Aug 22 – May 2 Sweet-n-Greet with Resident Minister Neg... Join Resident Minister Negina Khalili for sweet treats! Read More Jan 11 St. Louis Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the St. Louis Alumni Chapter on Sunday, January 11th, from 1 - … Read More Jan 16 2026 Law Alumni Luncheon The Loyola University New Orleans College of Law invites you to atte… Read More Jan 18 – Jan 22 MLK Wall of Dreams Visit the One Loyola Room and write your aspirations for a more just… Read More Jan 19 Film Screening & Discussion Openly gay MLK Jr. advisor Bayard Rustin, a key architect of the Civ… Read More Jan 20 MLK Interfaith Celebration Commemorate MLK's legacy and those who live it through a keynote spe… Read More Jan 21 Lunch & Learn: Advocacy Equip yourself to influence decisions, policies, and create positive… Read More Jan 21 NYC Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the &nbsp;New York Alumni Chapter for community, king cake, and… Read More Jan 24 2026 Wolf Pack Athletics Hall of Fame Re... Join Wolf Pack Athletics and the Loyola University New Orleans Alumn… Read More Jan 27 CIE Culture Cup: France and the U.K.! Join CIE for a CUP OF CULTURE! The Culture Cup is an international a… Read More Jan 29 Dallas Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Dallas Alumni Chapter for community, king cake and revelry … Read More Jan 30 DC Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the D.C. Alumni Chapter and special guest, Loyola University Ne… Read More Jan 31 Central Florida Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Central Florida Alumni Chapter on Saturday, January 31st, f… Read More Jan 31 Tampa Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Tampa Alumni Chapter for community, king cake and revelry a… Read More Feb 4 Houston Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up! Join the Houston Alumni Chapter for community and revelry at the Cha… Read More Feb 5 – Feb 9 Family Weekend 2026 Join us for a weekend filled with joy, connection, and the celebrati… Read More Feb 5 Austin Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Austin Alumni Chapter for community, king cake, and revelry… Read More Feb 7 2026 Basketball Alumni Reunion Join us on Saturday, February 7th, 2026, for the alumni reunion bask… Read More Feb 12 Atlanta Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Atlanta Alumni Chapter for community, king cake, and revelr… Read More Feb 21 Miami Alumni Chapter Mardi Gras Meet-Up Join the Miami Chapter to watch the Wolf Pack baseball team take on … Read More See all events A class of your own Success starts here, studying what matters to you.  Connect multiple areas of study to enrich whichever of our 60+ majors and minors you choose. All undergraduate programs All graduate and professional programs All online programs Request Information College of Arts and Sciences Learn how to think, how to write, how to research, and how to learn. Learn More College of Business Being a leader and changing the world -that's our business. Learn More College of Law Practice your commitment to service and the pursuit of justice. Learn More College of Music and Media Perform, create, and make every work meaningful. Learn More College of Nursing and Health See what you’ll need to serve individuals and improve the field of healthcare. Learn More Loyola University Online Designed with working professionals in mind. Learn More Giving You the Tools to Change the World At Loyola University New Orleans, our Jesuit education focuses on the whole person—mind, body, and spirit—to look for deeper meaning in everything we do. Learn more Loyola University New Orleans Social Media Links Facebook Instagram TikTok Twitter YouTube Loyola University New Orleans 6363 St. Charles Avenue New Orleans, LA 70118 Contact 504-865-3550 letters@loyno.edu footer menu First Visit Request Info Emergency Info Maps + Directions Employment Event Services Student Finances Footer Menu Second Human Resources Accessible Education Career Center Academic Calendars Parking Services Student Records Student Services Footer Menu Third Admissions Academics Campus Life Jesuit Identity Work Study Report a Concern Association of Jesuit Colleges & Universities Copyright © 1996-2025 Loyola University New Orleans | Privacy | Site Map