Free POS Software. Point of Sale System. Loyverse POS Point of Sale Features Hardware Pricing App Marketplace Help Products Loyverse POS Back Office Dashboard Kitchen Display Customer Display Employee Management Multi-Store Management Advanced Inventory Business types Grocery & convenience Café Restaurant Retail Bar & Pub Clothing & accessories Small Business Small Business POS POS System Loyalty Program Accept Credit Cards Smartpay SumUp Tyro Zettle Yoco Loyverse API English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Polski Português (BR) Tiếng Việt Ελληνικά اللغة العربية ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 中文 (繁體) SIGN IN Community Sign in English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Polski Português (BR) Tiếng Việt Ελληνικά اللغة العربية ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 中文 (繁體) Point of Sale Features Hardware Pricing Business types Grocery & convenience Café Restaurant Retail Bar & Pub Clothing & accessories Products Loyverse POS Back Office Dashboard Kitchen Display Customer Display Employee Management Multi-Store Management Advanced Inventory App Marketplace Help Get Started Free Point of Sale and Inventory Management Software Turn your smartphone or tablet into a powerful POS. Manage sales,
            inventory and employees with ease; engage customers and increase your revenue. Whether you have single or
            multiple stores, our tools help run your business. GET STARTED CHAT WITH
              US Watch video Empowering businesses worldwide Over 1,000,000 businesses in 170 countries have registered with Loyverse POS. Our apps are available in 30+ languages. POS system to help your business succeed Point of sale Payments Inventory
            management Sales analytics Employee management CRM and customer loyalty Multi-store management Integrations Point of sale Transform your smartphone or tablet into an easy to use point-of-sale Issue printed or electronic receipts Apply discounts and issue refunds Keep recording sales even when offline Connect a receipt printer, barcode scanner, and cash drawer Connect Loyverse Customer Display app Explore Loyverse Point of Sale POS payment solutions Seamlessly accept any method of payment your customers want Select one of our integrated payment providers available in 30+ countries. Integrated payments save
              time, ensure better accuracy and minimize errors. Use your preferred merchant service provider for non-integrated payments Explore integrated payment providers Inventory management Never run out of stock Track stock levels in real time Receive automatic low stock alerts Send orders to suppliers and track stock receipts Transfer stock between your stores Print barcode labels Explore inventory management Sales analytics Access your reports from a smartphone, tablet or computer anytime, anywhere View revenue, average sale and profit Track sales trends and react to changes promptly Determine best-selling items and categories View complete sales history Export sales data to the spreadsheets Explore Loyverse Back Office Employee management Easily manage your staff and make balanced decisions Track sales by employee and determine best performers Employees clock in and out and their total work hours are calculated automatically Grant different levels of access to protect sensitive information Explore employee management CRM and customer loyalty Turn once-in-a-while shoppers into regulars Build your customer base View customer purchase history to provide personalized service Run loyalty program to reward customers for their recurring purchases Keep notes on valuable customer preferences Explore loyalty program Multi-store management Grow your business from one to hundreds of stores Compare performance of your stores Manage items, employees and customers across multiple locations with a single account Explore multi-store management Integration with Loyverse POS Connect third-party apps to Loyverse to keep your business running smoothly Sync with accounting, ecommerce, inventory management, marketing and other apps Use Loyverse API to develop custom integrations Visit App Marketplace Our products Loyverse POS – Point of sale Transform your smartphone or tablet into a mobile free point of sale Loyverse Back Office Easily manage your business in a browser from any device Loyverse Dashboard Instant access to your store's sales analytics and inventory anytime, anywhere Loyverse KDS – Kitchen Display Let your cooking staff know what to prepare from an order Loyverse CDS – Customer Display Display order information to your customers at the time of purchase Loyverse POS software fits just right for your business Food & drink Restaurant Café Coffee shop Fast food Pizzeria Bar Bakery Retail Grocery store Convenience store Liquor store Fashion Clothing Jewelry Kiosk Services Transportation Carwash Salon Rentals Hotels Testimonials Loyverse really has transformed the way we look at taking, tracking, and managing transactions. The Redshank Catering, Scotland Loyverse system is easy to program and to use, besides it is so easy to add pictures to aid staff as
              well. Just1swap, UK Loyverse has helped us manage our business easily regardless of distance. Perfumeria Benie, Colombia Get the help you need Live chat Get lightning fast assistance 24/7 from our friendly customer support team. Help center A comprehensive set of step-by-step guides in 17 languages with video tutorials. Community Learn from other sellers how to use Loyverse and develop business. Become a Loyverse Partner Let’s grow together and help other businesses grow If you would like to serve local businesses and help them implement software and hardware retail solutions, fill out the partnership form . Loyverse EPOS Q&A Is Loyverse POS really free? You can use the Loyverse POS app for free. You can add items,
                make sales, use analytics, and many other functionalities without any payment. However, we have a set of additional features in the Back Office where additional charges will apply: Unlimited Sales History, Employee Management , Advanced
                  Inventory . These add-on services have a 14-day free trial. Please check our pricing page for
                more info. How to use Loyverse POS system? Download and install Loyverse POS on Android or
                iOS mobile devices from the Play Market or App
                  Store .
                Create your account by filling in the simple registration form. Make the necessary settings in the Back Office . Here, you can
                also manage your items, discounts, taxes, etc. as well as see reports about your sales. Add items at the POS or Back Office and start selling ! Does Loyverse POS work offline? The Loyverse POS app works offline. Your device can continue to
                make sales and work with shifts even when it is not connected to the Internet. However, some features such as refunds, new customer registration, adding items, and few other will be
                unavailable or restricted while offline. Check details in the help center: Offline Use of Loyverse POS What kind of hardware can work with Loyverse POS? Loyverse POS app lets you connect and use barcode scanners, receipt
                printers, cash drawers, and other hardware. Please, check the supported hardware
                  list . Does Loyverse POS have the functionality of loyalty cards? Loyverse POS has a built-in loyalty
                  program that allows rewarding your regular customers for visiting your outlet. You can issue your
                own
                loyalty cards with the printed barcode. When the customer visits your store, the cashier can quickly
                identify him/her by scanning
                  the barcode from the loyalty card with a separate barcode scanner or built-in device camera.
                Another
                way of identification of the customer is by his/her phone number . Business types Grocery & convenience Café Restaurant Retail Bar & Pub Clothing & accessories Small Business Small Business POS POS System Loyalty Program Accept Credit Cards Smartpay SumUp Tyro Zettle Yoco Loyverse API Point of Sale Loyverse POS Back Office POS Dashboard Kitchen Display Customer Display Employee Management Multi-store Management Inventory Management Loyverse POS About Community Blog Media kit App marketplace API documentation Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Processing Addendum Privacy Policy Terms of Use API Terms of Use Terms of Third-Party Integration