SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Year-End Special Offer: Enjoy $2,000 toward Lucid Air or $3,000 toward Lucid Gravity*, and $500 towards accessories.** Limited time offer only.

View Offers

Lucid Air

Lucid Gravity

Pre-Owned

Discover

DEMO DRIVE
US
Award-winning.
Always thrilling.

The experts have spoken. Lucid Gravity is Car and Driver’s 10Best SUV, Esquire‘s Car of the Year, and Good Housekeeping’s Best Luxury EV.

EPA EST. RANGE
Up to 450 mi⁴

varies by trim and configuration

FINANCE FROM
1.99 % APR⁵

for up to 72 months

DESIGN YOURS
AVAILABLE NOW
Lucid Air Pure Named to Car and Driver’s 10Best list for the Third Straight Year

The perfect balance of having it all. Discover the award-winning Lucid Air.

LEASE AIR PURE FROM
$509/mo¹

For qualified customers
Assuming Conquest Offer³ and Onsite Vehicle Bonus⁶ apply.

BUY AIR PURE FROM
$70,900²
DESIGN YOURS
AVAILABLE NOW
Most Advanced Electric Car.
Designed in California; Assembled in America;
Engineered to Change the World.

About Us

Sustainability

Charging

Service

Safety

Technology that drives sustainability.

Our in-house developed technology, innovative design, and advanced EV motors allow customers to go farther with fewer batteries. Lighter, smaller battery packs mean Lucid vehicles use fewer precious metals and minerals.

LEARN MORE ABOUT LUCID
Current Offers
EXPLORE CURRENT OFFERS
Locations
EXPLORE LOCATIONS

Lucid Air Grand Touring. Range, performance, efficiency, and space. Explore

1 / 4

Lucid Stories
VIEW ALL
DECEMBER 18, 2025
Lucid Gravity Wins Good Housekeeping Family Car Award; Proves the Perfect Family Car Does Exist

Company

DECEMBER 17, 2025
Esquire's 2026 Car of the Year: Lucid Gravity

Company

DECEMBER 16, 2025
Lucid Gravity SUV Joins Lucid Air on Car and Driver’s Prestigious 10Best List for 2026

Company

Stay up to Speed on the latest at Lucid.
EMAIL
Lucid Air

Explore Lucid Air

Compare Vehicles

Pure

Touring

Grand Touring

Sapphire

Fleet

Design Yours

Available Vehicles

Demo Drive

Lucid Gravity

Explore Lucid Gravity

Compare Vehicles

Road to Lucid Gravity Videos

Design Yours

Available Vehicles

Lucid Gravity Essentials

Stay Informed

Demo Drive

Lucid Motors

Company

Leadership

Board of Directors

Careers

Lucid × Timothée Chalamet

Stories

Tech Talks

Investors

Sustainability

Lucid Technologies

More

Ownership

Referral Program

Accessories

Financial Services

Vehicle Lease End

Contact Us

Locations

Events

Media Room

Awards and Accolades

Disconnect Remote Vehicle Access

Knowledge Center

PAUSE ANIMATIONS

©2025 Lucid. All rights reserved

Legal

Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

Your Privacy Choices

* Exclusively for U.S. customers ordering a new Lucid Air or Lucid Gravity by the end of the year. Must take delivery by 11:59 pm ET on December 31, 2025. Incentive is $2,000 for qualifying Lucid Air vehicles and $3,000 for qualifying Lucid Gravity vehicles. Must order from available inventory only, which can be found here. Or speak with a Lucid sales advisor about qualifying vehicles.

** Exclusively for U.S. customers purchasing or leasing a new (non-demo) Lucid vehicle. Excludes Air Sapphire. Must take delivery by 11:59 p.m. ET on December 31, 2025 to receive credit. Discount code will be provided after vehicle delivery. Code can be used for any Lucid accessory found online at Lucid's accessory store. Code will expire six months after vehicle delivery.

1. Assumes a vehicle price of $72,400 including destination for Lucid Air Pure MY 2026. Total capitalized cost of lease is only available if delivery is taken within 7 days of vehicle being available for delivery. Must take delivery by 11:59 PM ET on December 31, 2025. Security deposit waived. $4,749 as well as tax, title, license, registration, and fees due at signing. Lease offer assumes customer qualifies for Conquest Offer and vehicle qualifies for On-Site Vehicle Bonus. Offer excludes tax, title, license and other fees. Low mileage lease: 10,000 miles/year. Lessee is responsible for excess wear and mileage over 10,000 miles per year at $0.25/mile. Lucid Motors reserves the right to make changes to this offer at any time, including to the capital cost reduction and available pricing. Only available to U.S. customers. Other conditions and restrictions apply. This is not a commitment to lease. Offer available to well-qualified lessees only.

2. Excludes tax, title, license, options, destination and documentation fees. Vehicle is shown here with options.

3. For U.S. residents only. Must own or lease a vehicle from a Competitive Brand (as defined below) and must provide proof of ownership that matches the address listed on your Driver's License. Only for customers purchasing or leasing a new MY 2025 or 2026 Lucid Air available on-site at the time of order. Sapphire and Demo vehicles not included. There is no requirement to trade in your vehicle to take advantage of this offer. Only one Conquest Offer accepted per vehicle transaction. Cannot be combined with Loyalty Offer. Must take delivery by 11:59 p.m. ET on December 31, 2025. Competitive Brands include Acura, Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Genesis, Infiniti, Jaguar, Land Rover, Lexus, Lincoln, Mercedes, Maserati, Porsche, Rivian, Tesla, Volvo, Aston Martin, Bentley, Ferrari, Ineos, Lamborghini, Lotus, McLaren, MINI, and Rolls Royce.

4. EPA est. range rating for Lucid Gravity when equipped with 20”F/21”R wheels and configured as 2-row, 5-seat vehicle is 450 miles for Grand Touring and 337 miles for Touring. Range and battery power vary with temperature, driving habits, charging and battery condition and actual results will vary.

5. MY2026 Lucid Gravity Grand Touring and Touring available at 1.99% APR for up to 72 months for well-qualified buyers. Must take delivery by December 31st at 11:59 PM ET. Your actual APR may differ based on your credit history, loan term, and other factors. Payment example: Monthly payment is $14.75 for every $1,000 you finance for 72 months at 1.99% Annual Percentage Rate (APR). Rates not available to refinance any existing loans. Cannot finance 101% or more of the vehicle sales price. Subject to credit approval; this is not an offer to lend. Only available to U.S. customers. Cannot be combined with other offers. Other conditions and restrictions apply.

6. On-Site Vehicle Bonus is $2,000 for qualifying new MY2025 and MY2026 Lucid Air and $3,000 for qualifying new MY2026 Lucid Gravity vehicles. Excludes Air Sapphire and demo vehicles. Limited inventory of qualifying vehicles at each sales studio location. Please call ahead to confirm vehicle availability. Must take delivery of vehicle at designated studio location by or on December 31, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. ET to qualify for credit.

We respect your privacy
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies”). By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of cookies to analyse and improve our website and to make our content and advertisements more relevant to your interests. You can click “Cookie Settings” to change these settings at any time and find more information about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy
COOKIE SETTINGS
ACCEPT ALL