Global market access for technology products | cetecom advanced View services & information cetecom advanced – Global market access for your technology products cetecom advanced – Globaler Marktzugang für Ihre Technik-Produkte cetecom advanced – Global market access for your technology products cetecom advanced – Globaler Marktzugang für Ihre Technik-Produkte CERT Accreditations Newsletter Jobs Contact Product Testing International market approval cetecom advanced: Your partner for successful market approval Learn more Acoustic Testing Aviation Radio Communications Testing Battery Safety Testing Bluetooth ® Testing Cellular / 5G Testing DECT Testing Electrical Safety EMC Testing EMCE Testing Environmental Simulation Tests IoT Cybersecurity Testing Over-the-Air (OTA) Testing Propagation Tests Radar Testing Radio Relay Testing Regulatory Radio Testing RFID Testing SAR Testing Satellite Testing Short Range Devices Testing SmartCard Testing Ultra-Wideband Testing Wireless Power Testing WLAN Testing Product Certification International market approval cetecom advanced: Your partner for successful market approval Learn more ACMA Certification Amazon Alexa Certification Anatel Certification Bluetooth® SIG Certification CB Scheme CCC Certification CE Marking Certification Bodies E112 eCall Certification Emergency Call Systems ERA-GLONASS Certification FCC Certification GCF Certification International Market Approval ISED Certification KC Certification LoRaWAN Certification MIC Certification MII / NAL Certification PTCRB Certification Qi Certification Sigfox Certification SRRC Certification UKCA Marking Wi-Fi Alliance Certification WInnForum and OnGo Alliance certification About us Industries Knowledge Center cetecom advanced International market approval - efficient & reliable cetecom advanced sheds light on the international certification jungle and supports you in developing a target-oriented strategy for market approval. As a recognized contact for the authorities, we take over the project management for market approval in over 180 countries and also ensure direct market approvals in Europe, Japan, Canada and the USA with our own internal certification bodies. More about International market cetecom advanced Approval management software CERT CERT combines the useful functions of an approval management software with the advantages of a digital solution for clear project management – and is thus your guarantee for effective certificate management and monitoring. CERT simplifies your processes and gives you a transparent view of all your planned, ongoing and completed projects at cetecom advanced at any time. More about software CERT cetecom advanced Wireless Testing cetecom advanced is your global partner for regulatory testing of devices with wireless technologies. We test various wireless technologies (radar, ultra broadband, WLAN, Bluetooth, etc.), are recognized worldwide and thus provide the basis for successful market approval. More about Wireless Testing cetecom advanced Cybersecurity in accordance with RED Article 3.3 and EN 18031 Benefit from our many years of experience in the regulatory certification of products with wireless technologies. cetecom advanced is also your partner of choice for cybersecurity with tests and approvals in accordance with EN 18031-x and RED Article 3.3 (e-f). More about Cybersecurity cetecom advanced Battery safety testing cetecom advanced supports battery and automotive manufacturers in the safety qualification of high-capacity lithium-ion battery systems with a state-of-the-art battery test center. More about Battery safety ❮ ❯ Smart Card Testing Electrical Safety Radar Testing Automotive EMC Testing CERT Battery Safety Medical cetecom advanced News 4. December 2025 ANATEL updates technical requirements for 5 GHz WLAN 5 GHz WLAN | Anatel | Brazil | market approval 24. November 2025 cetecom advanced is now an official EMVCo Evaluation Laboratory for Fingerprint Sensors EMVCo | Fingerprint Sensor Assessment | Trustech 18. November 2025 Tests in accordance with the current specifications of ISED RSS-102 Issue 6 Approval Canada | ISED RSS-102 Issue 6 | Testing 6. November 2025 ANATEL Announces New Technical Requirements for Radio Frequency Devices in Brazil – Effective from April 6, 2026 Anatel | Brazil | market approval | Radio frequency devices 13. October 2025 Japan location expands testing capabilities for SoftBank 4G | 5G | Japan | SoftBank 8. October 2025 Ukraine: 6 GHz Band Authorized for Wi-Fi 6E Ukraine 1. October 2025 MCMC Allows Certification of IMT Bands 31, 39 and 79 IMT | Malaysia | market approval 16. September 2025 Launch of EU Only Power Density Measurements 17025 accreditation and Canada recognitions in our independent test laboratory SAR 9. September 2025 India – BIS issues guidelines for Amendment No. 1 to IS 16270:2023 India | market approval | solar photovoltaic systems 3. September 2025 Canada – ISED publishes updated SAR compliance procedures under RSS-102 Canada | market approval | SAR 1. September 2025 New Market Access Opportunities for Electrical Products Without Radio Technologies Electrical products without radio technologies | ITA | market approval 6. August 2025 South Korea: RRA Updates EMC Standards and Testing Methods (Notice No. 2025-50) EMC | ITA-News | market approval | South Korea 22. July 2025 Indonesia Issues New Technical Standards for 5G SS BWA Devices 5G | Indonesia | ITA-News 17. July 2025 Thailand to Discontinue Approval of 2G/3G-Only Telecommunication Devices ITA-News | Thailand 15. July 2025 Updated ISED standards in Canada – We check the impact on your product ISED | Standards 8. July 2025 Wireless Technologies from 1 GHz to 8 GHz – Fast, Precise Testing with cetecom advanced GHz | Radio | Testing 1. July 2025 cetecom advanced certifies Rohde & Schwarz test solution for the verification of Next Generation eCall functionality 24. June 2025 Indonesia Issues New Technical Standards for Mobile Communication Devices GSM | IMT-2000 | Indonesia | ITA-News 18. June 2025 cetecom advanced Among the First Labs Worldwide Authorized for Qi 2.2 Certification Qi | Wireless Power 12. June 2025 Wireless Technology in Focus: cetecom advanced – Your Specialist for Regulatory Testing Radar | Radio | Testing | UWB ❮ ❯ Go to the Knowledge Center The efficient solution for all challenges of the approval management We have made it our task to accompany every single project along its individual process chain, to understand the needs of our customers and to develop optimal solutions together with them in order to bring them to their goal without detours. We adapt and are always exactly the partner our customers need. The experienced and uncomplicated testing and certification of products with wireless technologies in our laboratories is as much a part of our daily business as the development of international Approval concepts for innovative new products. Because we are convinced that every project has its own requirements – and that each of them has our full attention and deserves our commitment. For secure and predictable market access worldwide. Customized service From consulting during development, to testing services in our DIN EN ISO 17025 accredited test laboratories, to international market approvals with final certificate management. All tailor-made services are supported by transparent and digital processes, that accelerate and simplify the global market access of your products. Your one-stop partner for international product certifications Specific requirement analyses Compliance evaluations Translations Approval planning and management Preparation and submission of applications Checking and coordination of scheduling Local technical support Instructions for necessary on-site testing Product approvals for over 200 countries and approval regimes With our professional certification services we simplify your conformity process. cetecom advanced internal certification bodies accelerate the process Notified Body (NB) RED & EMC Telecommunication Certification Body (TCB) Foreign Certification Body (FCB) Registered Certification Body (RCB) Versatile setup cetecom advanced has always stood for cross-sector competence in the field of testing and certification
of radio and telecommunication components. Companies from a wide range of industries rely on
our experience and our commitment. Whether automotive, medical technology, mechanical engineering, consumer Electronics or telecommunications - you can rely on our service competence in all fields of innovation and industries. Automotive Medical Mechanical Engineering HOW TO BRING AN IoT DEVICE TO MARKET The cetecom advanced Process 1 Work with cetecom advanced to identify the go to market strategy Together we identify the relevant radio technologies your product needs for flawless functionality in the field. Therefore, we examine the full spectrum of unlicensed and licensed solutions as well as ones which have to undergo all procedures of both kinds: TYPES OF RADIOS UNLICENSED Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, NFC, RAD, etc. Regulatory testing includes EMC, RF, Safety Is it a pre-certified module? If no, we must perform full testing for FCC, ISED Canada, and RED If yes, two things must happen: Leverage conductive testing results, including output power, PSD, OBW, etc. Run radiated spurious emission (RSE) testing ❯ LICENSED GSM, UMTS, LTE, 5G Regulatory testing includes EMC, RF, Safety Leverage conducted results from module's FCC grant Perform radiated spurious emissions (RSE) testing Industry regulation: PTCRB , GCF PTCRB: uSIM testing, RSE, OTA (antenna cable less than 20 cm) GCF: field trial, GSM RSE, OTA and USIM (not required, recommended) Certified module? Most likely YES Verify the following certifications: USA: FCC, PTCRB Canada: ISED, PTCRB EU: RED & GCF (not mandatory) ❯ BOTH Must do all unlicensed and licensed radio testing and certification Must do additional co-transmission for regulatory Applies if multiple radios are transmitting simultaneously ad violates single modular FCC grant condition ❯ 2 Understand the testing requirements per market. cetecom advanced is experienced in over 200 countries and approval regimes worldwide, so we can assign the proper testing requirements to your product in the preferred market: PTCRB / Carriers USIM Testing of SIM electrical properties Radiated spurious emissions (RSE) For all supported North American frequency bands Over-the-air Performance OTA Required for internal/ external antenna less than 20cm For all supported North American frequency bands Carriers T-Mobile, AT&T, Telus, Dish, Bell Mobility, Rogers Wireless Verizon TECC (Provided by Verizon to the customer) ❯ FCC / ISED Canada Unlicensed radio: FCC 15.247 for 2.4GHz Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and ZigBee FCC 15.407 for 5GHz Wi-Fi including DFS FCC 15.225 for NFC Licensed radio: FCC Part 22 for GSM850, UMTS Band V, & LTE Band 5 FCC Part 24 for GSM1900, UMTS Band II, & LTE Band 2 FCC Part 90 for LTE Band 26 FCC Part 27 for other cellular bands FCC Part 30 for 5G NR FR2 Unintentional radiator EMC testing: FCC Part 15 Subpart B FCC Part 18 ❯ European Union (RED for CE-marking) Unlicensed: EN 300 328 for 2.4GHz Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and ZigBee EN 301 893 for 5150-5350, 5470-5725 MHz Wi-Fi radio EN 300 440 for 5725-5850 MHz Wi-Fi radio EN 302 502 for 5725-5850 MHz Wi-Fi AP EN 300 440 for SRD 1GHz – 40GHz EN 300 330 for SRD 9kHz – 25MHz EN 300 220 for SRD 25MHz – 1GHz EN 303 413 for GNSS Licensed: EN 301 511 for GSM EN 301908 for UMTS & LTE EN 301908-25 5G NR EMC testing: EN 301 489-1, -3, -17, -19, -52. EN 55032 EN 55035 Electrical safety: EN 60950-1 for LTE EN 62368-1 for MME (effective 2020) Health (SAR): For devices with intended use of less than 20cm from the user SAR exclusion report required for low-power devices MPE report required for devices with intended use of more than 20cm ❯ 3 Work with cetecom advanced to develop and certify your product. Benefit from our long-time experience and extensive competencies in product testing and certification. By request, we accompany you through the whole developement process of your product - from the design phase to the international product launch: Previous Next CERT – The approval management software CERT is your guarantee for effective project management: Our innovative software tool for digital certificate management and monitoring simplifies your processes and gives you a transparent view of all your ongoing certification projects at cetecom advanced at any time. Digital project management – comprehensive and transparent CERT provides you with continuous insight into the current status of your approval project and optimizes coordination throughout the approval process. 2-way communication for an efficient exchange of information about the projects Overview of project milestones on country level Transparent information on the remaining steps to be completed, including an automated notification system Detailed reporting function including download option Digital certificate management – clear and secure With CERT you always have the status quo of your approved products in view with the help of a simple traffic light system and are automatically notified if there is an acute need for action. Which active certificates do I currently have? Is there an acute need for action because a certificate will expire within the next few months (keyword: renewal)? Automated notifications allow you to renew your certificates in a timely manner. Every service a perfect fit. We support you individually on your way to a global market access. More about the approval management software And what can we do for you? Do you have questions about the cetecom advanced services, are you interested in a consultation or would you like to get a concrete offer? Just contact us directly. Our team of experts is looking forward to your message. Contact page Stay up to date. The cetecom advanced newsletter is sent out about once a month. No constant follow-up mails. Only selected content from our experts. E-mail address Sign up Find out more about the diverse portfolio of cetecom advanced: Most requested services: Cellular / 5G Testing Electrical Safety EMC Testing IoT Cybersecurity Testing Over-the-Air (OTA) Testing Radar Testing Regulatory Radio Testing SmartCard Testing WLAN Testing International Market Approval Bluetooth® SIG Certification CE Marking FCC Certification GCF Certification PTCRB Certification Legal info, Privacy, Complaints Terms of use Accreditations & References © 2025 cetecom advanced ‑ All rights reserved