Looking for Lucky Orange Classic?

Features

Resources

Integrations

Pricing

Agencies

Log In

Start My Free Trial

Less time crunching website data. More time growing your business.
See where visitors click, scroll and drop off—then let Discovery guide your next move.
• Direct integrations with Shopify, HubSpot and more
• Easy custom segmentation and filtering
• No sampling, track every visitor

Start My Free Trial

Website issues go unseen when you only use traditional reporting.

Building, analyzing and sharing reports could be its own full-time job.

You know when a metric is down, but can’t tell what’s driving the trend.

It's impossible to make fully confident decisions without visual proof.

Lucky Orange turns visitor behavior into powerful visuals anyone can use.
WEBSITE HEATMAP TOOLS
See what parts of a page are getting attention

✅ Click Maps show where attention is going—and where it's not.

✅ Scroll Maps reveal which content people are missing or skipping.

✅ Move Maps illustrate mouse browsing behavior and hesitation zones.

AI CRO TOOL
Ask questions about your website visitors.

Lucky Orange Discovery is your AI assistant that turns moments of confusion into insight—with data-backed answers you can trust.

Learn About Discovery AI

SESSION RECORDINGS
Watch full visitor recordings

Session Recordings let you replay the visitor journey so you can spot drop-offs, confusion or friction on key pages. 

Quickly diagnose bugs or UX blockers that traditional analytics will never be able to uncover.

Discovery AI is LIVE!
Learn how to use it with the 
Discovery Projectbook Vol. 1.

This free guide includes five powerful projects you can run today using Lucky Orange Discovery AI with prompts, workflows and more.

Get The Free PDF

No email required, just 5 step-by-step projects.
User by over 500,000 websites worldwide
Verified User via G2

Mid-market

"Great heatmap data and helpful support"

"The heatmap data is very helpful - to see how deep users scroll on a page, where and how they engage, and filtering specific traffic sources really helps guide how we want to optimize pages of our website."

Colin S.

Small Business Owner

"Feature-rich with incredible support"

“The heatmaps and recordings offer insights that you can't get with Google Analytics alone. It genuinely feels like this tool has given us a new set of eyes to identify and tackle those blind spots!”

Perrie H.

Mid-market

"Lucky Orange is very eye opening"

"Lucky Orange was very easy to implement with one short code to the website. It was great information as we rebuild certain parts of our main website. They also allowed by team to have access to see this as well."

Integrates With Your Favorite Tools & Platforms
Privacy is always a priority.
As a service provider and data processor, our tools are fully CCPA and GDPR compliant.
We only provide the data you need to analyze visitor behavior without sending or storing sensitive information.
Try Lucky Orange completely free.
Start My Free Trial
Free 7-day trial. No credit card required. 

Product

Discovery AI

Heatmaps

Surveys

Session Recordings

For Agencies

Pricing

Status

Affiliates

Resources

Discovery AI Projectbook

Integrations

Help Center

Careers

Privacy

Terms

Exercise Your Rights

Developer Docs

Blog

The Hidden Cost of Analytical Fog

A Practical Audit of PPC Traffic with Lucky Orange Discovery

Discovery Quick Actions: The Website Analytics Fast Lane 

© Lucky Orange LLC

   

We and our third-party partners use cookies to improve and personalize your experience on the site and with our services in addition to delivering and reporting on ads. Please visit our Privacy Statement for more information. By continuing to use this site you give us your consent to do this. Read Privacy Statement.