LumApps: flexible, scalable, innovative intranet for employee experience 3x recognized as a Leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant™ Read more Our Solutions Industries Insurance Transportation & Logistics Manufacturing Technology Retail Public Sector Airlines Healthcare Banking & Financial services Energy Construction Enhance Internal Communications Improve employee Engagement Create a culture of knowledge sharing Promote Employee Growth Connect all employees Improve Productivity product capabilities Employee hub Modern Employee Intranet Collaboration & communities Employee learning Video communications Business App Integrations Micro-Apps Enterprise Search Mobile App AI-powered Digital Assistant Omni-channel Communications Analytics Google Workspace Integration Learn more Microsoft 365 Integration Learn More Why LumApps ? Case Studies About us A leader across the market Why LumApps why LumApps Empower employees with a modern intranet for connected work anywhere. Learn More Resources blog Events Case Studies Research & reports Webinars Bright Conference The Future of Work Index LumApps Named a 3-Time Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™, Recognized for Vision and Execution Oct 9, 2025 5 min read The Business of AI: Turning Hype into Leadership & Growth Jul 17, 2025 5 min read SharePoint alternative : Why It's Time to Replace SharePoint and What to Use Instead Feb 27, 2025 7 min read All articles Ragan Internal Communications Conference Seattle 2025 United States 14/10/2025 Live Bright Conference 2025 United States 28/4/2025 Live Intranet Reloaded 2025 United States 26/3/2025 All events Genuine Parts Company: Connecting a Global Workforce with LumApps PINKO 1400 Zapier 800 All Case Studies All resources Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions The Forrester Wave™: Intranet Platforms, Q2 2024 Report Intranet ROI From headquarters to stores: how Picard transformed its intranet with Bon’App to reconnect every team Is Your Intranet a Filing Cabinet or a Front Door? 2026 Employee Experience Trends: Your Invitation to the Future of Work All Webinars Blog Events Case Studies Research & reports Webinars Watch a Demo Watch a Demo A Brighter, More Connected Way to Work LumApps is the most flexible, scalable, and innovative intranet. Improve communication, boost productivity, and drive growth from one place. Request a Demo LumApps is a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions. Read what Gartner experts have to say about us! Learn More More than 6 million employees call LumApps home Internal Communications Information Technology Human Resources Internal Communications LumApps helps teams transform how they communicate and connect. It brings everyone on the same page — no matter their location, role, or device . Plus, with smart, intuitive tech, your messages don’t just land—they resonate to drive purpose, alignment, and success. Connect Teams Information Technology LumApps, a Leader in The Forrester Wave and Gartner Magic Quadrant, is the trusted intranet for IT teams to achieve more with less complexity. Here’s how: Connect all employees , even field and frontline workers Allow employees to self-serve common IT and HR tasks with our AI agents and microapp integrations Works with any collaboration suite - Microsoft or Google Integrates with third-party business tools and workplace apps Save $300k in IT costs Human Resources LumApps creates a company culture that resonates with every employee, no matter where they work. Streamline onboarding so employees feel at home from day one Improve productivity by consolidating access to company resources Increase employee retention through upskilling LumApps equips employees to thrive by driving connection, productivity, and long-term success. Boost productivity now Connect Everyone. To Everything. Connect all employees, even field workers, to everything they need. Request time off, catch up on company news, connect with colleagues, or dive into a training course – all in your new employee hub. Everything you need to stay informed, connected, and ready for what’s next. Start connecting AI Where It Really Matters LumApps AI-powered intranet and agents makes daily tasks smarter and more efficient. Our integrated AI boosts productivity and keeps work flowing smoothly. AI Enterprise Search : Access accurate and actionable information and applications, quickly and effortlessly. Personalization : Provide the right information to the right audience at the right time. Enhanced Productivity : Complete tasks and use business apps from a single, intuitive platform. Centralized Workflow : Connect applications into one streamlined employee hub for maximum efficiency. Book a demo Works Where Your Team Works LumApps seamlessly integrates with popular business apps, including Google Workspace and Microsoft 365, to create smarter, more connected workplaces. As a Google-recommended platform and Microsoft Gold Partner, LumApps reduces context switching and boosts productivity. LumApps for Google LumApps for Microsoft A Leader Across The Intranet Market LumApps is proud to be named a Leader in intranet solutions by both Gartner and Forrester . See what makes us stand out FAQs Find answers to common questions about LumApps intranet solutions and features. Talk to our team What is an employee intranet ? An employee intranet is a private, secure network that serves as a company’s digital hub. It allows employees to access important information, communicate, and collaborate effectively regardless of their physical location. It consolidates various communication channels, internal resources, and business apps into a single, easily-accessible platform to create a connected and informed workforce. Learn more about employee intranets . What does an effective employee intranet provide ? An effective employee intranet requires several key features. LumApps’ solution includes: Integration with Productivity Suites : LumApps integrates seamlessly with and Microsoft 365, enhancing the digital workplace with powerful tools and applications that employees use daily. ‍ Employee Directory and Profiles : An extensive employee directory that provides easy access to colleagues, encouraging communication and collaboration across the organization. Customizable and User-Friendly Interface : A customisable platform that can integrate company branding and an interface that all employees and management can master Mobile Accessibility : A mobile app to keep employees connected and informed, no matter where they are or what device they’re using. Advanced Intranet Security Measures : Keeps company and employee data secure with state-of-the-art security protocols. Empowers employees through access to Information and Tools : Provides employees with the resources and guidance they need to excel in their roles, enhancing productivity and job satisfaction. Cultivation of Company Culture : Facilitates the sharing of company news, achievements, and values to create a strong sense of belonging and community among employees. Why should you choose LumApps as your own employee intranet solution ? LumApps’ technology goes above and beyond the norms thanks to a digital workplace solution that is comprehensive, customizable and will meet the unique needs of every business. Adopting LumApps as your employee intranet platform will do more than just improve internal communication. It will enhance the overall employee experience, from on-boarding to daily operations and beyond. By nurturing a digital environment that promotes flexibility, collaboration, and engagement, LumApps helps businesses to achieve their strategic goals while ensuring employees feel valued and connected. In an age where workplace boundaries are ever-expanding, LumApps is a testament to the power of digital innovation by creating a more engaged, productive, and satisfied workforce. It's more than just an intranet; it's the foundation of a thriving digital workplace culture. Learn more about how LumApps can transform your digital workplace Get started with LumApps We would love to know more about your goals. How can we help? Request a Demo Arrow Right Contact Us Company About us Careers Insights Why LumApps? Getting started with us Teach on Mars The Hive Popular pages Employee Experience Internal Communication Employee Engagement Modern intranet Digital Workplace Employee Intranet Cloud Intranet Internal Communication Software Employee Engagement Platform Platform for Remote and Hybrid Work Digital Workplace Platform Best intranet solution (LumApps vs...) Employee Experience Platform Press Room Resources Webinars Intranet Alternatives Partners Google Microsoft Mercer Belong ISV Partner Network Technology Partner Find a Partner © 2025 LumApps SAS - All rights reserved Contact us Privacy Policy Legal Legal Information Security Accessibility Sitemap Cookies Policy Select languages English (English) English French (Standard) Spanish Italian (Standard) German (Standard) Japanese LumApps is a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intranet Packaged Solutions. Read what Gartner experts have to say about us! Learn More