Luma AI | AI Video Generation with Ray3 & Dream Machine | Luma AI NEW Introducing Ray3 Modify Introducing hybrid AI production with Ray3 Modify Learn more Try now Luma AI Dream Machine Ray3 Photon API Pricing Enterprise Join Us Creative Partner Program Education Learning Hub Discord X Blog Press Changelog Create Use Case Reframe Video to Video Media kit Contact Sales Terms of Service Privacy Policy Luma AI SIGN IN Dream Machine Api Enterprise News Research Community Join Us SIGN IN Luma AI SIGN IN Dream Machine Api Enterprise News Research Community Join Us SIGN IN Make it with Dream Machine Production-ready images and videos with precision, speed, and control Our Mission is to build multimodal general intelligence that can generate, understand, and operate in the physical world. Product & Platform Foundations for a new era of creativity and human expression. Ray3 Modify NEW Edit and reimagine videos with all-new precise keyframe and character reference controls powered by Ray3's high-fidelity consistency. Learn more Dream Machine Ideate, visualize, and create videos using our most powerful image and video models. Available now on iOS and the Web. Try now Learn more Models State-of-the-art multimodal models that power Dream Machine and enable high-fidelity image and video. Learn more Luma AI API Build and scale creative products with high-quality video and image generation models through the Luma API. Start building Recent News Stay up to date with the latest from Luma AI — company updates, model releases, and stories from across the industry. All news Blog post AGI is multimodal and reality is the dataset of AGI November 19, 2025 Press release Luma AI Announces Ray3 Modify, a New Model for Hybrid-AI Workflows for Acting & Performances December 18, 2025 Press release Luma AI Opens for International Business With Former WPP Executive Jason Day Leading New London Office December 2, 2025 Press release Hartbeat and Luma AI Partner on Prompt Side Story October 15, 2025 Research We are focused on foundational research and systems engineering to build multimodal general intelligence. NEW World's first reasoning video model. World's first HDR model. A model designed to tell stories. Discover A new generation of video model capable of producing fast coherent motion, ultra-realistic details, and logical event sequences. Discover Creative, intelligent and personalizable image generation model that delivers ultra high quality and 10x higher cost efficiency. Discover Pushing the Limit of Efficient Inference-Time Scaling with Terminal Velocity Matching November 26, 2025 Linqi Zhou, Ayaan Haque Read More Ray3 Evaluation Report – State-of-the-Art Performance for Pro Video Generation October 14, 2025 Sabrina Day, Simran Motwani Read More Breaking the Algorithmic Ceiling in Pre-Training with Inductive Moment Matching March 11, 2025 Linqi Zhou, Jiaming Song Read More Team & Community Everything we can imagine should be real. Careers We're a small, high-achieving team building multimodal general intelligence 
                  If you share our vision of AI that transcends current boundaries to enable extraordinary
                  capabilities and human-AI collaboration, we'd love to talk. Learning Hub Explore the possibilities unlocked through world building. Find
                  tutorials, best practices, and inspiring examples from our
                  community of millions of creatives. Learn how others are using
                  Dream Machine, and the Luma API to transform their creative process 
                  across design, film, education, and beyond. Luma AI Dream Machine Ray3 Photon API Pricing Enterprise Join Us Creative Partner Program Education Learning Hub Discord X Blog Press Changelog Create Use Case Reframe Video to Video Media kit Contact Sales Terms of Service Privacy Policy