Business & Enterprise | Technology Solutions | Lumen Warning X Sign In Hi, User Name Control Center Sign Out Session Timout Your session has timed out, please sign in again. Sign In Sign Out You have been signed out Cancel Sign Out Unauthorized You are an unauthorized user Token Error There has been a token error Connectivity Fabric Solutions By Business Outcome By Industry By Business Type By Technical Use Case By Business Outcome Reliable & Secure Connectivity DIA and SASE integrate to offer secure, consistent connectivity with proactive threat protection enabling seamless and scalable network modernization. Secure Customer Experience & Connectivity Provide secure, uninterrupted internet connectivity to all your locations and cloud resources with bundled DIA and DDoS Mitigation. Flexible Networking for Secure Access IP VPN and SASE provide secure, flexible connections between sites, data centers, private networks, cloud environments and over the internet. By Industry Energy Financial Services Gaming Network Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Pharmaceuticals Public Sector Retail Technology Back to Industry Energy Back to Industry Financial Services Back to Industry Gaming Network Back to Industry Healthcare Back to Industry Manufacturing Back to Industry Media & Entertainment Back to Industry Pharmaceuticals Back to Industry Public Sector Federal Defense & IC State & Local Public Safety Higher Education Back to Industry Retail Back to Industry Technology By Business Type Enterprise Business Explore next-gen connectivity and security solutions for your large, distributed enterprise. Midsize Business Discover how to achieve speed, scale and security for your midsize business with resources and product recommendations. Public Sector Explore how to attain efficiency, security and connectivity solutions for your public sector organization utilizing helpful resources. Wholesale Future-ready wholesale networking, security and voice solutions to meet your customers’ digital business demands. By Technical Use Case AI Support large AI workloads by using programmable connectivity to control bandwidth, path and latency. Network-as-a-Service Quickly deliver reliable, secure connectivity services that scale to your business and offer affordable pay-as-you-go pricing. Services Infrastructure Connectivity Security Communication Media & Entertainment View All Products Infrastructure Portfolio Featured Services Wavelengths Handle up to 400 Gbps on your network with few elements for max speed, scalability and performance. Colocation A reliable infrastructure to support business apps and grow market presence. Dark Fiber A high-capacity, scalable and secure fiber optic network dedicated to your business and managed by Lumen. Enterprise Broadband Explore reliable, high-speed enterprise broadband solutions with extensive reach, built to scale with your business. Categories Edge Compute & Storage Private Connectivity Fabric Connectivity Portfolio Featured Services Ethernet Establish secure, high-speed connections between locations, data centers and cloud providers for instant access to business resources. IP VPN Manage traffic prioritization and routing to efficiently deliver applications across locations. Categories Internet Services On-Demand Network Services Security Portfolio Featured Services DDoS Combat complex, costly and persistent threats with an automated self-service path to powerful protection. SD-WAN Enhance WAN while minimizing risk using our fully-managed or co-managed solution and hybrid connectivity. SASE Unify network and security in a centralized, cloud-based experience to simplify access and management. Communication Portfolio Featured Services Lumen® Cloud Voice Maximize customer experience with cloud-based voice and collaboration tools delivered on a secure, high-performance platform. UC&C Enable savings and productivity with unified voice, video and chat solutions. Specialty Lines Fully managed life and safety systems on a cloud-based, POTS replacement system. Voice Complete Cloud‑ready SIP services and APIs to maximize voice performance and reliability while simplifying management without replacing TDM technology. Contact Center Transform customer experience with an omnichannel solution that is quick to deploy and easy to use. Categories Lumen® Cloud Communications Voice Featured Services Vyvx® Broadcast Solutions Air live events and on‑demand video with end‑to‑end managed broadcast services from acquisition to delivery. Partners Connected Ecosystem Channel Partners By Technology Partner Connected Ecosystem Partner Types Strategic Technology Partners Open your market, expand offerings and enable scalable growth with our demand-driven infrastructure. Lumen Validated Designs Minimize risk and enhance business outcomes with well-tested, repeatable and thoroughly documented customer solutions. By Technology Partner Amazon Web Services Cisco Digital Realty Equinix Google Cloud Microsoft VMware Resources Why Lumen Customer Stories About Us Blog & News Blog & News Newsroom Developers Why Lumen Grow your business with solutions designed to deliver more intuitive networking, cybersecurity and edge cloud experiences. Black Lotus Labs® Black Lotus Labs sees and disrupts threats others can’t. Leverage our network visibility to help protect your business. Network Maps View our interactive network maps to see how we connect edge, cloud, data centers and more to our global fiber network. About Us Sustainability Spotlights News Releases Press Resource Center Executive Bios Back to Solutions By Business Outcome Reliable & Secure Connectivity DIA and SASE integrate to offer secure, consistent connectivity with proactive threat protection enabling seamless and scalable network modernization. Secure Customer Experience & Connectivity Provide secure, uninterrupted internet connectivity to all your locations and cloud resources with bundled DIA and DDoS Mitigation. Flexible Networking for Secure Access IP VPN and SASE provide secure, flexible connections between sites, data centers, private networks, cloud environments and over the internet. Back to Solutions By Industry Energy Financial Services Gaming Network Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Pharmaceuticals Public Sector Retail Technology Back to Industry Energy Back to Industry Financial Services Back to Industry Gaming Network Back to Industry Healthcare Back to Industry Manufacturing Back to Industry Media & Entertainment Back to Industry Pharmaceuticals Back to Industry Public Sector Federal Defense & IC State & Local Public Safety Higher Education Back to Industry Retail Back to Industry Technology Back to Solutions By Business Type Enterprise Business Explore next-gen connectivity and security solutions for your large, distributed enterprise. Midsize Business Discover how to achieve speed, scale and security for your midsize business with resources and product recommendations. Public Sector Explore how to attain efficiency, security and connectivity solutions for your public sector organization utilizing helpful resources. Wholesale Future-ready wholesale networking, security and voice solutions to meet your customers’ digital business demands. Back to Solutions By Technical Use Case AI Support large AI workloads by using programmable connectivity to control bandwidth, path and latency. Network-as-a-Service Quickly deliver reliable, secure connectivity services that scale to your business and offer affordable pay-as-you-go pricing. Back to Services Infrastructure Portfolio Featured Services Wavelengths Handle up to 400 Gbps on your network with few elements for max speed, scalability and performance. Colocation A reliable infrastructure to support business apps and grow market presence. Dark Fiber A high-capacity, scalable and secure fiber optic network dedicated to your business and managed by Lumen. Enterprise Broadband Explore reliable, high-speed enterprise broadband solutions with extensive reach, built to scale with your business. Categories Edge Compute & Storage Private Connectivity Fabric Back to Services Connectivity Portfolio Featured Services Ethernet Establish secure, high-speed connections between locations, data centers and cloud providers for instant access to business resources. IP VPN Manage traffic prioritization and routing to efficiently deliver applications across locations. Categories Internet Services On-Demand Network Services Back to Services Security Portfolio Featured Services DDoS Combat complex, costly and persistent threats with an automated self-service path to powerful protection. SD-WAN Enhance WAN while minimizing risk using our fully-managed or co-managed solution and hybrid connectivity. SASE Unify network and security in a centralized, cloud-based experience to simplify access and management. Back to Services Communication Portfolio Featured Services Lumen® Cloud Voice Maximize customer experience with cloud-based voice and collaboration tools delivered on a secure, high-performance platform. UC&C Enable savings and productivity with unified voice, video and chat solutions. Specialty Lines Fully managed life and safety systems on a cloud-based, POTS replacement system. Voice Complete Cloud‑ready SIP services and APIs to maximize voice performance and reliability while simplifying management without replacing TDM technology. Contact Center Transform customer experience with an omnichannel solution that is quick to deploy and easy to use. Categories Lumen® Cloud Communications Voice Back to Services Featured Services Vyvx® Broadcast Solutions Air live events and on‑demand video with end‑to‑end managed broadcast services from acquisition to delivery. Back to Services Back to Partners Connected Ecosystem Partner Types Strategic Technology Partners Open your market, expand offerings and enable scalable growth with our demand-driven infrastructure. Lumen Validated Designs Minimize risk and enhance business outcomes with well-tested, repeatable and thoroughly documented customer solutions. Back to Partners Back to Partners By Technology Partner Amazon Web Services Cisco Digital Realty Equinix Google Cloud Microsoft VMware Back to Resources Why Lumen Grow your business with solutions designed to deliver more intuitive networking, cybersecurity and edge cloud experiences. Black Lotus Labs® Black Lotus Labs sees and disrupts threats others can’t. Leverage our network visibility to help protect your business. Network Maps View our interactive network maps to see how we connect edge, cloud, data centers and more to our global fiber network. Back to Resources Back to Resources About Us Sustainability Back to Resources Back to Resources Back to Resources Spotlights News Releases Press Resource Center Executive Bios Back to Resources Contact Us Support AI won't wait for yesterday's internet Modern workloads are driving the rise of Cloud 2.0. Explore Cloud 2.0 AI won't wait for yesterday's internet Modern workloads are driving the rise of Cloud 2.0. The trusted network for AI Power your AI The trusted network for AI Experience what's next While IT leaders are navigating transformation in search of growth, too many IT solutions fail due to adoption challenges. At Lumen, we’re redefining digital networking services. From bringing the world’s best esports gamers together in one place for BlackStar Group to helping Lumen Field power game-day experiences for 69,000 fans, we spark innovation and growth by putting the human experience first. See why Lumen Experience what's next While IT leaders are navigating transformation in search of growth, too many IT solutions fail due to adoption challenges. At Lumen, we’re redefining digital networking services. From bringing the world’s best esports gamers together in one place for BlackStar Group to helping Lumen Field power game-day experiences for 69,000 fans, we spark innovation and growth by putting the human experience first. Seamlessly grow your business with Lumen Technologies (1:00) Designed to be #1 provider of AI‑ready infrastructure Designed to be #1 provider of AI‑ready infrastructure ‑25% optical loss vs. competition¹ ‑25% optical loss vs. competition¹ #1 peered global network² #1 peered global network² 150+ C2 disruptions executed per month through takedowns and notifications 150+ C2 disruptions executed per month through takedowns and notifications What business challenges are you trying to solve today? I am ... Choose... looking to ... Select a role first... Meet the AI needs of tomorrow, today. See why Lumen One port. Infinite possibilities. Explore LCF Building the backbone for AI High-capacity connections primed for AI expansion. See network investment Building the backbone for AI High-capacity connections primed for AI expansion. 47M intercity fiber miles planned to be built by the end of 2028 47M intercity fiber miles planned to be built by the end of 2028 2.9x increase in intercity fiber miles planned to support AI by the end of 2028 2.9x increase in intercity fiber miles planned to support AI by the end of 2028 Designed to be #1 provider of AI-ready infrastructure Designed to be #1 provider of AI-ready infrastructure 60% more capacity vs. legacy fiber 60% more capacity vs. legacy fiber Customer stories AI-ready innovation with intention Prometheus Hyperscale is revolutionizing data centers with sustainable, energy-efficient systems for AI infrastructure. With support from Lumen® Private Connectivity Fabric℠ and Black Lotus Labs®, Prometheus is championing a new era of efficient, scalable digital infrastructure by promoting eco-conscious innovation. Read story AI-ready innovation with intention Prometheus Hyperscale is revolutionizing data centers with sustainable, energy-efficient systems for AI infrastructure. With support from Lumen® Private Connectivity Fabric℠ and Black Lotus Labs®, Prometheus is championing a new era of efficient, scalable digital infrastructure by promoting eco-conscious innovation. See how Prometheus Hyperscale is transforming AI infrastructure (3:34) 1.2 GW+ planned capacity 1.2 GW+ planned capacity <5ms latency to Salt Lake City and Denver, and <18ms to Seattle <5ms latency to Salt Lake City and Denver, and <18ms to Seattle 3 Lumen long-haul fiber routes connecting to major cities 3 Lumen long-haul fiber routes connecting to major cities “A good fan experience starts with connectivity. Lumen assisted in helping us deliver a best‑in‑class Wi‑Fi solution at our stadium.” — Chip Suttles, Vice President of Technology Seattle Seahawks Read story “A good fan experience starts with connectivity. Lumen assisted in helping us deliver a best‑in‑class Wi‑Fi solution at our stadium.” — Chip Suttles, Vice President of Technology Seattle Seahawks “Lumen’s flexibility and willingness to evolve with us make them an invaluable partner in protecting our organization and our 85 million members.” — Darrell Johnson, Senior Cybersecurity Manager VSP Vision™ Current Lumen customer compensated for their endorsement. Read story “Lumen’s flexibility and willingness to evolve with us make them an invaluable partner in protecting our organization and our 85 million members.” — Darrell Johnson, Senior Cybersecurity Manager VSP Vision™ Current Lumen customer compensated for their endorsement. “Our partnership with Lumen is driving innovation in live production, content delivery and fan engagement—positioning Pac-12 Enterprises for long-term growth and leadership in sports media.” — Michael Moliari, SVP Business Development and Studio Operations Pac-12 Enterprises Read story “Our partnership with Lumen is driving innovation in live production, content delivery and fan engagement—positioning Pac-12 Enterprises for long-term growth and leadership in sports media.” — Michael Moliari, SVP Business Development and Studio Operations Pac-12 Enterprises Customer stories Learn how leading companies are innovating with Lumen enterprise technology solutions to help maximize application performance and availability, secure apps and data, and optimize IT investments. Intelsat Revolutionizing connectivity, delivering high‑quality content quickly. Read story Intelsat Revolutionizing connectivity, delivering high‑quality content quickly. Prometheus Hyperscale Building a sustainable future with Private Connectivity Fabric℠. Read story Prometheus Hyperscale Building a sustainable future with Private Connectivity Fabric℠. C3Aero Helping bridge the technology gap with Lumen® NaaS. Read story C3Aero Helping bridge the technology gap with Lumen® NaaS. VSP Vision™ Improving eye care operations with security and networking support. Read story VSP Vision™ Improving eye care operations with security and networking support. Seattle Seahawks Upgrading the Seahawks’ network infrastructure. Read story Seattle Seahawks Upgrading the Seahawks’ network infrastructure. Micro Center Enhancing cybersecurity, network performance and customer satisfaction. Read story Micro Center Enhancing cybersecurity, network performance and customer satisfaction. Hanmi Bank Modernizing infrastructure to fuel community growth and financial success. Read story Hanmi Bank Modernizing infrastructure to fuel community growth and financial success. See all stories Explore solutions A staggering 86% of CIOs don’t think their enterprise networks are prepared for the AI revolution.³ Design a custom network architecture giving you the flexibility, scalability, collaboration and security needed to meet the demands of AI. Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) High‑performance, dedicated internet geared specifically for enterprise apps and needs. Learn more Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) High‑performance, dedicated internet geared specifically for enterprise apps and needs. Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) High‑performance, dedicated internet geared specifically for enterprise apps and needs. Edge Cloud Fully integrated infrastructure and services enhance your network’s resilience, extend cloud services and maximise availability. Learn more Edge Cloud Fully integrated infrastructure and services enhance your network’s resilience, extend cloud services and maximise availability. Edge Cloud Fully integrated infrastructure and services enhance your network’s resilience, extend cloud services and maximise availability. Ethernet Turnkey solutions to securely link data centers, clouds and new locations in virtually any configuration. Learn more Ethernet Turnkey solutions to securely link data centers, clouds and new locations in virtually any configuration. Ethernet Turnkey solutions to securely link data centers, clouds and new locations in virtually any configuration. IP VPN Secure, reliable and private any‑to‑any/point‑to‑point WAN connections. Learn more IP VPN Secure, reliable and private any‑to‑any/point‑to‑point WAN connections. IP VPN Secure, reliable and private any‑to‑any/point‑to‑point WAN connections. Managed & Professional Services A proven team of experts plans, provisions and deploys specific services to drive efficient and effective IT operations. Learn more Managed & Professional Services A proven team of experts plans, provisions and deploys specific services to drive efficient and effective IT operations. Managed & Professional Services A proven team of experts plans, provisions and deploys specific services to drive efficient and effective IT operations. Wavelengths Scalable enterprise network solutions to right‑size your network with speeds from 1 to 400 Gbps. Learn more Wavelengths Scalable enterprise network solutions to right‑size your network with speeds from 1 to 400 Gbps. Wavelengths Scalable enterprise network solutions to right‑size your network with speeds from 1 to 400 Gbps. Security Solutions Award winning network security solutions to protect your digital environment and maximize productivity Learn more Security Solutions Award winning network security solutions to protect your digital environment and maximize productivity Security Solutions Award winning network security solutions to protect your digital environment and maximize productivity What's new Powering cyber resilience with Lumen + Commvault Learn how Lumen Validated Design unites Commvault solutions with the Lumen Network for high speed, encrypted data transport, zero-trust access and seamless integration across hybrid environments. Read news Powering cyber resilience with Lumen + Commvault Learn how Lumen Validated Design unites Commvault solutions with the Lumen Network for high speed, encrypted data transport, zero-trust access and seamless integration across hybrid environments. Lumen expands Internet On-Demand availability to 10M+ locations Turn up high-performance, cloud-like connectivity exactly where and when you need it, reducing the traditional delays of network buildouts. Read news Lumen expands Internet On-Demand availability to 10M+ locations Turn up high-performance, cloud-like connectivity exactly where and when you need it, reducing the traditional delays of network buildouts. Unlocking Enterprise AI with Lumen + Palantir Discover how Lumen Validated Design unites Palantir Foundry with the Lumen Network—speeding multi-cloud data movement, AI orchestration and secure enterprise operations. Read news Unlocking Enterprise AI with Lumen + Palantir Discover how Lumen Validated Design unites Palantir Foundry with the Lumen Network—speeding multi-cloud data movement, AI orchestration and secure enterprise operations. What's new 3:06 Powering AI: The future of connectivity Lumen partners with Corning to create smaller and more powerful fiber, maximizing the Lumen network's strength, speed and resiliency. Watch video Powering AI: The future of connectivity Lumen partners with Corning to create smaller and more powerful fiber, maximizing the Lumen network's strength, speed and resiliency. Revolutionizing telecom for the AI era Discover three steps business leaders can take to prepare for the AI economy. Read blog Revolutionizing telecom for the AI era Discover three steps business leaders can take to prepare for the AI economy. What others are saying “Google Cloud and Lumen are building on a shared vision that pushes the boundaries of cloud and network solutions.” ― Muninder Sambi, Vice President, Cloud Networking Google Cloud “Google Cloud and Lumen are building on a shared vision that pushes the boundaries of cloud and network solutions.” ― Muninder Sambi, Vice President, Cloud Networking Google Cloud “Together, AWS and Lumen will enable high‑performance network connections that ensure customers across every industry can build and deliver compelling, secure, and reliable AI applications at scale.” ― Matt Garman, CEO AWS “Together, AWS and Lumen will enable high‑performance network connections that ensure customers across every industry can build and deliver compelling, secure, and reliable AI applications at scale.” ― Matt Garman, CEO AWS “Lumen has the expansive network and the digital services to create a reliable and scalable infrastructure that prepares us for the next generation of applications and services and ensures we remain at the forefront of the AI revolution.” ― Erin Chapple, Corporate Vice President, Azure Infrastructure Microsoft “Lumen has the expansive network and the digital services to create a reliable and scalable infrastructure that prepares us for the next generation of applications and services and ensures we remain at the forefront of the AI revolution.” ― Erin Chapple, Corporate Vice President, Azure Infrastructure Microsoft “Lumen’s Private Connectivity Fabric enhances security and addresses current cloud challenges but also positions businesses to leverage AI capabilities effectively, driving digital transformation and operational efficiency.” ― Peter Chahal, Research Director IDC “Lumen’s Private Connectivity Fabric enhances security and addresses current cloud challenges but also positions businesses to leverage AI capabilities effectively, driving digital transformation and operational efficiency.” ― Peter Chahal, Research Director IDC Customer success across industries We enable businesses to deliver game‑changing solutions for next‑level experiences. Customer success across industries We enable businesses to deliver game‑changing solutions for next‑level experiences. Lumen Digital customers Our digital platform allows customers to consume our network, their way—quickly, securely and effortlessly. Lumen Digital customers Our digital platform allows customers to consume our network, their way—quickly, securely and effortlessly. Questions? Let’s talk. Contact our team to get the assistance and answers you’re looking for. Questions? Let’s talk. Contact our team to get the assistance and answers you’re looking for. Start chat Start chat Start chat Request a Sales callback Request a Sales callback Request a Sales callback Call Sales 800‑871‑9244 Call Sales 800‑871‑9244 Call Sales 800‑871‑9244 Questions? Let’s talk. Contact our team to get the assistance and answers you’re looking for. Questions? Let’s talk. Contact our team to get the assistance and answers you’re looking for. Start chat Start chat Start chat Request a Sales callback Request a Sales callback Request a Sales callback Call Sales Call Sales Call Sales ¹~25% less fiber optic loss per km; less loss translates to less frequent need for fiber optic signal regeneration, decreasing equipment costs; figure is based on a comparison to vintage 2000 fiber (decrease from .22 db/km loss to.17 db/km). ²The Center for Applied Internet Data Analysis (CAIDA), AS Rank , March 2024. ³IDC, Enterprise Horizons 2024 , June 2024. Contact Us Sign In Billing Support About Us Careers Investors Newsroom Public Sector CenturyLink Sustainability Trust Center Wholesale WHY LUMEN Lumen Digital Why Lumen Black Lotus Labs® Network Maps RESOURCES Blog & News News Releases Customer Portals Customer Stories Developer Center Partners Suppliers Support RESOURCES Blog News Customer Portals Customer Stories Partners Suppliers Support RESOURCES Blog News Customer Portals Customer Stories Partners Suppliers Support Not all products and services are available in all regions and countries; please contact a representative near you for details. Australia Hong Kong India Japan Singapore United States About Us Accessibility Canadian Ombudsman Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Privacy Public Policy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Lumen is a registered trademark in the United States, EU and certain other countries. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Privacy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Governance Legal Legal Notices Privacy Support © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Cookie Settings Gender Pay Gap 2022 (UK) Governance Legal Modern Slavery Statement 2020 (UK) Privacy Support UK Tax Strategy Carbon Reduction Plan © 2025 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Contact an expert Please complete the form below and one of our specialists will contact you within one business day. Thank you! One of our expert sales specialists will review your request and contact you within one business day. If you have any immediate questions, please contact us at 800-871-9244. Contact an expert Please complete the form below and one of our specialists will contact you within one business day. Thank you! One of our expert sales specialists will review your request and contact you within one business day. If you have any immediate questions, please contact us at 888-597-2455. Contact an expert Please complete the form below and one of our specialists will contact you within one business day. Thank you! One of our expert sales specialists will review your request and contact you within one business day. If you have any immediate questions, please contact us at apac.mail@lumen.com .