Ad traffic verification and protection - powered by AI | Lunio Skip to content Close Home Solutions Paid search Paid social Display ads Performance Max Explore all channels Pricing Resources Resource library Case studies Tools and reports Blog Glossary Podcasts Webinars and events Take a product tour Company About us Careers News Partners LOGIN Take a tour Get started Home Solutions Paid search Paid social Display ads Performance Max Explore all channels Pricing Resources Resource library Case studies Tools and reports Blog Glossary Podcasts Webinars and events Take a product tour Company About us Careers News Partners Take a tour Get started Resource library Case studies Tools and reports Blog Glossary Podcasts Webinars and events Take a product tour Featured Futureproofing your marketing career (w/ Miles McNair) Read now Real-time invalid traffic detection for paid media Fake clicks don’t convert. They waste your budget, skew your data, and dilute your impact. Lunio finds them, blocks them, and helps you reinvest budget where it actually performs. Get started Take a tour Leading performance marketers use Lunio Drive better quality traffic from your paid channels Over 10% of ad clicks are invalid on average, costing advertisers billions in wasted spend and missed revenue. Detect and prevent invalid traffic at scale using Lunio's ML-powered detection engine, deep platform integrations, and granular campaign analytics. Get started How Lunio takes down invalid traffic Real-time detection, actionable insights, and multiplatform protection 1 See the true nature of your ad traffic Use Lunio's sophisticated machine learning algorithm to determine in real time if a user is legitimate, suspicious, or invalid. Learns from click, context, and conversion data Lightweight technology – won't slow down your page Cookieless, fully GDPR and CCPA-compliant 2 Confront sources of fake clicks Use Lunio's data to make informed decisions about your ad investments. Dig into drivers of IVT and track changes in traffic quality over time with in-depth campaign analytics. Clicks by location, keyword, placement and more Campaign data pulled directly from Google Ads API All converting clicks tracked with timestamps 3 Clean up and protect your ad traffic Continually weed out the waste by automatically excluding junk users across paid media channels and using IVT insights to optimize campaigns. Harnesses IP exclusions at the campaign and account level Configures custom audiences for multiplatform protection Integrates with Google, Meta, Bing, and many more Say goodbye to wasted ad spend Discover how Lunio can help you eliminate invalid ad clicks and maximize paid media performance Get started Scale Lunio across your paid media channels Lunio's constantly expanding integrations ensure you can identify and block invalid traffic on the latest paid media channels Explore all solutions Paid search Keep your paid search traffic real, relevant, and cost-effective Learn more Paid social Root out the fake and the fraudulent from your paid social traffic Learn more Display Stop funding phantom clicks from questionable publishers Learn more Performance Max PMax going rogue? Take more control of your targeting Learn more Rated a G2 Leader. Again. No one tackles invalid traffic quite like Lunio Real people, real results Discover how businesses and agencies use Lunio to keep their ad traffic squeaky clean 10.9% increase in conversion rate • 14.9% decrease in bounce rate “ From day one, the support we’ve had from Lunio has been absolutely first class. And because it’s so easy to use, it was much quicker to get our teams up to speed and actively using the platform on a regular basis. ” Paul Oates Head of Performance Media, Sykes Cottages £18,266 saved in first month • 4.77% clicks exposed as invalid “ Aside from implementing Lunio, we didn’t make any other significant changes to our campaigns. So I’m confident Lunio is responsible for the improved profitability we’re seeing. Since enabling protection conversion rates have also increased, AOVs are up, and traffic seems to be generally stronger across the board .” Paul Harvey Head of PPC, BigDug 16% saved in ad spend per month • 29.08% invalid traffic reduction in first month “ When we look at the money we save and reallocate on legitimate prospects, Lunio is a no-brainer from a financial perspective. And the increase in lead quality has enabled us to deliver stable and predictable growth across our more important marketing channels. ” Tetiana Stuzhna Performance Marketing Lead, LearnWorlds $350,000 pipeline increase in first two months • $67,400 reinvested ad spend per month “ Since making the changes Lunio recommended, the issues we were having with lead quality have improved massively. We generated more qualified pipeline in the two months after switching on traffic protection than we had done in the previous two years. ” Mandee Richards Head of Marketing, Canto 13% improvement in on-page conversion rate • 7% decrease in cost per lead “ When we list the top three things that have helped us in the past year to improve our performance, Lunio is on the list. It's been eye-opening for us. ” Abraham Moreno-Riano Paid Media Manager, DeVry University Built by marketers, for marketers Lunio tackles invalid traffic as a marketing problem, not a security one. Designed for the privacy-first world Lunio is a cookieless solution that leverages encrypted click data. It’s fully GDPR and CCPA-compliant. Exclusions are the new targeting Improve campaign performance using IVT insights, automatic IP blocking, and targeted exclusions. Expert support.  Better results. Lunio’s CSMs are on hand to help you tackle IVT issues and supercharge paid media traffic quality. Say goodbye to wasted ad spend Discover how Lunio can help you eliminate invalid ad clicks and maximize paid media performance Get started Frequently asked questions Why should I use Lunio? Use Lunio to enhance ad performance and ROI by identifying and excluding invalid IPs from campaigns. Its machine learning algorithm analyzes click behavior to detect invalid activity, ensuring genuine engagement. Through ad platform integrations, Lunio optimizes your ad spend, protects against click fraud, and boosts campaign effectiveness, allowing advertisers to focus on reaching real audiences. What is invalid traffic? Invalid traffic is clicks or impressions on ads that don't come from real people with genuine interest in what you’re advertising. All non-human and fraudulent traffic is invalid. Fraudulent activity includes the use of bots, click farms, and third party incentives to drive up click volumes for malicious reasons or financial gain. User agents that deliberately seek to misrepresent e.g. their location or device also fall under IVT. Not all IVT is out to get you. It includes benign actors such as website scrapers and spiders collecting information from your website. Mistakes made by ad platform algorithms in which the wrong targeting is applied is also invalid. How does Lunio prevent false positives? Lunio has invested millions in building an advanced machine learning algorithm trained on real, verified click data to distinguish between unusual yet genuine actions and fake behaviors. While no solution on the market can avoid false-positives altogether, our approach has the agility to rapidly adapt to the ever changing signals of traffic validity, keeping false-positive rates to an absolute minimum without compromising on the value of your traffic protection. How is Lunio different to other solutions on the market? Lunio is the only solution to take a marketing-focused approach to solving the problem of click fraud and invalid traffic. We don’t just offer traffic protection, we surface actionable marketing insights so performance marketers can cut off invalid clicks at the source and proactively target more valuable traffic. Our proprietary detection algorithm leverage multi-channel click data and takes marketing signals into account. It analyses paid and non-paid click behaviors across our entire customer database to root out even the most sophisticated invalid users agents. How can I buy Lunio? Contact us to explore a 14-day free traffic audit, allowing you to identify and understand your invalid traffic issue. After evaluating your needs, discuss requirements, terms, and pricing options with our team. We’ll help you build your business case. Why is IVT a problem for advertisers? 8.5% of ad clicks are invalid. That's up to $71B in wasted ad spend—driving revenue for ad platforms, not advertisers. What's more, it creates snowballing inefficiencies. If your company is spending $1M with a 3:1 return on ad spend, a 5% invalid traffic rate equates to $50K in wasted ad spend plus another $150K in missed revenue. Home Solutions Paid search Paid social Display ads Performance Max Explore all channels Pricing Resources Case studies Resource library Blog Glossary Webinars Tools and reports Company About us Careers Partners News Status Login Contact us Latest from the blog Futureproofing your marketing career (w/ Miles McNair) The AI Survival Guide for Performance Marketers How AI Max can affect invalid traffic rates: Our data insights Lunio 2025 Privacy policy Data Processing Agreement Terms of Service