Luno - Buy and sell crypto securely Sign in Explore Invest Why Luno? Learn & Support Sign in Sign up Sign in Explore Invest Why Luno? Learn & Support Sign in Sign up Explore Invest Why Luno? Learn & Support Sign in Sign up Explore Invest Why Luno? Learn & Support Sign in A smarter way to invest A smarter way to invest Join 15 million customers worldwide investing in Bitcoin and more. Join 15 million customers worldwide investing in Bitcoin and more. Create an account Create an account Create an account Why Luno? Simplicity as standard Your Luno app makes investing in crypto straightforward, with a clear and intuitive app experience we know you’ll love. Security is our priority You’re protected by multiple layers of security and the latest technology, so your crypto stays your crypto. Support you can rely on You’ll always find a helping hand, with experts on stand-by 24/7 to make sure your questions get answered. Who we serve For individuals You’ll find a range of secure, easy-to-use tools to guide and support you in building out your crypto portfolio and beyond. Explore Explore Explore Who we serve For professional traders Access a full suite of tools built for rapid and reliable trading, with deep liquidity, low fees and advanced order types. Explore Explore Explore Who we serve For institutions All your business needs to capitalise on the crypto opportunity, with secure crypto-native solutions for organisations of all sizes. Explore Explore Explore Everything you need to build your portfolio safely Choose from rigorously-assessed cryptocurrencies Choose from rigorously-assessed cryptocurrencies View assets View assets View assets Earn crypto rewards with safe and secure staking Earn crypto rewards with safe and secure staking Start earning Start earning Start earning Explore multiple investments in one simple transaction Explore multiple investments in one simple transaction Get bundles Get bundles Get bundles Charts powered by TradingView Charts powered by TradingView Trade with an exchange built for professionals Trade with an exchange built for professionals Trade now Trade now Trade now Over 15+ million customers across 40+ countries Enabling investors in over 40 countries to buy, manage and sell their assets. Mike "What you see is what you get. I truly feel like my funds are safe with Luno." Mike "What you see is what you get. I truly feel like my funds are safe with Luno." Mike "What you see is what you get. I truly feel like my funds are safe with Luno." Que "A must-have app. Simple, straight forward and secure." Que "A must-have app. Simple, straight forward and secure." Que "A must-have app. Simple, straight forward and secure." Barns "An app that is safe, easy to use and makes investing simple." Barns "An app that is safe, easy to use and makes investing simple." Barns "An app that is safe, easy to use and makes investing simple." Straightforward help to achieve your investment goals 24/7 support Meet Toshi, your guide to Luno. It’s our always-on, virtual support chatbot that’s built to answer your questions quickly. Get support Learn more Learn more Track the market Arm yourself with up-to-date price information as it happens. Pick the assets you want to track and keep on top of the market. View market View market Learn more Understand crypto New to crypto? Experienced trader? What your level of experience, we’ll make sure you have everything you need to know. Start learning Learn more Learn more Start investing today Your Luno app makes investing straightforward, with a clear and intuitive app experience we know you’ll love. Sign up Start investing today Your Luno app makes investing straightforward, with a clear and intuitive app experience we know you’ll love. Sign up Start investing today Your Luno app makes investing straightforward, with a clear and intuitive app experience we know you’ll love. Sign up Upgrading the world's financial system Sign up Explore Individual Pro Institutional Invest Buy Trade Earn Predict API Why Luno? About us Your safety Our products Fees Learn & Support News Research Short course Support Company Help centre Status Careers Compliance Compliance information Security Customer protection Complaints policy Risk warning Proof of reserves Open source libraries Bug bounty Legal Terms of use Privacy policy Hiring privacy Cookie Policy Rewards and promotions Licenses and registrations Information request Privacy and data protection Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Cookie Preferences © 2025 Luno Pty LTD Privacy policy Terms & conditions Upgrading the world's financial system Sign up Explore Individual Pro Institutional Invest Buy Trade Earn Predict API Why Luno? About us Your safety Our products Fees Learn & Support News Research Short course Support Company Help centre Status Careers Compliance Compliance information Security Customer protection Complaints policy Risk warning Proof of reserves Open source libraries Bug bounty Legal Terms of use Privacy policy Hiring privacy Cookie Policy Rewards and promotions Licenses and registrations Information request Privacy and data protection Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Cookie Preferences © 2025 Luno Pty LTD Privacy policy Terms & conditions Upgrading the world's financial system Sign up Explore Individual Pro Institutional Invest Buy Trade Earn Predict API Why Luno? About us Your safety Our products Fees Learn & Support News Research Short course Support Company Help centre Status Careers Compliance Compliance information Security Customer protection Complaints policy Risk warning Proof of reserves Open source libraries Bug bounty Legal Terms of use Privacy policy Hiring privacy Cookie Policy Rewards and promotions Licenses and registrations Information request Privacy and data protection Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Cookie Preferences © 2025 Luno Pty LTD Privacy policy Terms & conditions