Smart Locker Solutions by Luxer One® Skip to content Support Login Sign Up Support Login Sign Up Solutions Multifamily Retail Office University Hospitality Architect Products Smart Package Lockers Smart Package Room Refrigerator Lockers Luxer Liaison Asset Exchange Lockers Order Pickup Lockers Resources Customer Stories Blog Press About Why Luxer One Partner Network Careers Contact Resident Support Contact Sales X Support Request Quote Relentlessly Improving How the World Receives Goods With over 15 years in the locker business, Luxer One has managed millions of package deliveries across industries. Our mission? To relentlessly improve how the world receives goods. EXPLORE OUR LOCKERS Select Your market Multifamily Retail Office University Hospitality Mail Center Architect Looking for more? Let's Talk Contact Us Trusted by millions Locations 0 K+ Deliveries 0 M+ Total Users 0 M+ Why Luxer one Our goal is to accept every package that comes through your location. We accomplish this through our unparalleled technology and commitment to service. Learn more 1 We Solve 100% of the Package Problem Designed to accept 100% of packages, whether it's a diamond ring or a set of skis. 2 We Provide Superior Technology With 99.9% guaranteed uptime, the most powerful hardware & software suite in the business. 3 Backed by Unparalleled Support Support teams available 24/7 for carriers, residents, and communities. I love Luxer, it is so convenient to get emails to inform you that your package is there, and so easy to type your pas number in to open the lockers to retrieve your package. I wish all my mail was delivered this way, it would save me a ton of trips to the mailbox unnecessarily. Betty Lewis Resident I've been with the Postal Service for 16 years and these lockers are a game changer. They keep all the packages safe and sound. Gerardo S. Delivery Carrier @ USPS Luxer One has made our lives a lot easier for the office staff and the residents. When we take people on tour of the property, Luxer One is another wow factor. I don’t think we could ever go back to not having Luxer One lockers. Jose Soto Resident Manager @ Portofino Apartment Homes Luxer One is part of our core group of amenities all our communities need to have. Their forward-thinking nature and dedication to their customers is what sets them apart. Steve Hallsey EVP of Operations @ Wood Partners Luxer One’s package solutions have taken a previous problem and turned them into a value adding solution. Once we started installing Luxer’s lockers and everyone saw how much of a game changer they were, I have had property managers regularly calling me asking when they can have one installed on their site. Luke Champion Asset Manager @ Horizon Realty Advisors The smart lockers provide secure and convenient 24/7 access to our dealers and business services community. Tracy Chief of Customer Service Operations @ Lee County Tax Collectors I am happy to share my seamless experience bringing a Luxer One system into our property. I am always on the lookout for innovative solutions that enhance convenience and streamline operations for our residents. Luxer One has proven to be an outstanding addition, exceeding all our expectations. Excited to get started on our new project with them. Ivan Rak VP Construction @ Parallax Luxer One has been a godsend! Package management today is so different from how it used to be. You absolutely need a package management solution, and for us, Luxer One has been the holy grail. I could never imagine going back. Dina S. Property Manager @ Mirabella Apartments Blog The Buy Online, Pick Up In Store (BOPIS) model has gone from “nice to have” to a cornerstone of modern retail fulfillment, driven by consumer demand for convenience, speed, and flexibility. As retailers scale omnichannel efforts, not all BOPIS solutions perform equally well. Enter rear loading lockers, a smart locker… Learn more Buy online, pick up in store (BOPIS), buy online, return in store (BORIS), and same-day pick up have moved from optional conveniences to baseline retail expectations. According to NRF, more than half of U.S. shoppers now use BOPIS regularly, and adoption continues to rise as consumers prioritize speed and flexibility.… Learn more As grocery delivery, meal kits, and prescription drop-offs become part of everyday apartment living, package management is no longer just about boxes. Property teams are now responsible for time-sensitive, perishable deliveries that cannot sit in an office or hallway for hours. That’s where refrigerated package lockers come in. Designed specifically… Learn more Package theft remains one of the most common and frustrating issues in multifamily communities. As online ordering continues to rise, property teams are under increasing pressure to protect resident deliveries while maintaining efficient operations. So what is the most secure way to manage package delivery for apartments today? While no… Learn more Hot Off The Presses. See All News Luxer One® Celebrates 500 Million Deliveries, Underscoring Leadership in Smart Package Solutions Yahoo Finance Luxer One® Introduces The First Peak Package Delivery Solution of Its Kind, Adds to Robust Offerings BisNow Solutions Residential Retail Mail Center Office Solutions Library University Solutions Architect Solutions Residential Retail Mail Center Office Solutions Library University Solutions Architect Products Smart Package Lockers Smart Package Room Refrigerator Lockers Luxer Liaison Features Products Smart Package Lockers Smart Package Room Refrigerator Lockers Luxer Liaison Features Resources Customer Stories Blog Press Resources Customer Stories Blog Press About Why Luxer One Partner Network Careers About Why Luxer One Partner Network Careers Contact Resident Login Manager Login Contact Resident Login Manager Login © Luxer One 2025       | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information