Luxor Technology | The Full Stack Mining Experience Mining Pool Firmware Hardware Derivatives Energy Hashrate Index Products Company Schedule a Call Login Login Your browser does not support the video tag. The Full-Stack Mining Experience Offering everything miners need—pool, firmware, hardware, energy, and financial tools—all in one powerful platform. Get Started Now → Schedule a Call Over 3,000 companies trust Luxor Solutions Tailored for Every Miner Unlock the full potential of your mining operation with Luxor’s suite of powerful tools. Mining Pool Luxor’s U.S.-based, SOC 2 Type 2–certified, institutional-grade mining pool offers beginner-friendly simplicity and pro-level performance with transparent FPPS revenue, access to miner financing and real-time reporting. Join the Pool Learn More 35,000+ BTC Paid to Bitcoin Miners 112 Countries Global Miner Network 35 EH/s Pool Hashrate Firmware Take full control of your mining hardware with Luxor—firmware engineered for performance, security, and operational freedom. Install LuxOS → Learn More 300,000+ Bitcoin ASICs running LuxOS 1,500 Mining Companies 20 Models Supported Hardware Our Hardware Trading Desk partners with you to buy and sell ASICs, GPUs, and CPUs—backed by our end-to-end logistics team that delivers miners worldwide. Browse Hardware Learn More $410mm Yearly Volume Transacted 36 countires We Shipped To 1,500+ Yearly Shipments Derivatives Luxor’s hashrate markets help miners and financial institutions manage Bitcoin mining risk, trade Bitcoin mining exposure, and finance Bitcoin mining operations. Get Started Learn More 100+ Market Participants >$150mm OTC Volume Up to 25 EH/s Settled per Day Energy Luxor Energy integrates retail power, grid participation, and intelligent optimization into a single platform–transforming how mining operations manage their largest cost. Start Now Learn More hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden Hashrate Index Hashrate Index provides metrics, analysis, and research that demystify the Bitcoin network and Bitcoin mining industry. See the data 5.5M Views 550+ Blog Articles 30+ Unique Mining Datasets Case Studies Real Results, Proven Success Discover how miners and businesses have optimized performance, increased profitability, and scaled their operations with Luxor’s all-in-one mining solutions. De-Risking Deployment: How BitMine Used Luxor’s Hashrate Derivatives to Hedge and Scale Confidently Learn More Increasing Hashrate with a Firmware Upgrade: Luxor and TeraWulf's Strategic Deployment of LuxOS Learn More Securing US Based Production: Luxor and MicroBT's Strategic ASIC Purchase Agreement Learn More Soluna Holdings Leveraging Luxor’s Enterprise-Grade Pool Infrastructure Learn More How it works The Luxor Ecosystem Get started at any stage with Luxor and take full control fo your mining operation. Buy & Sell ASICs Our Trading Desk partners with you to buy and sell ASICs, backed by our end-to-end logistics team that delivers miners worldwide. Mine Bitcoin U.S.-based, institutional grade Bitcoin mining pool that is friendly to beginners and powerful for the pros. Install LuxOS Optimize efficiency with Luxor’s advanced firmware to boost hashrate and maximize profits. Turn Hashrate into Hardware Access the funds you need to expand your mining operation using the hashrate you already have. Coming Soon Optimize Energy Our Signal Engine automates economic dispatch and high-value ancillary market participation—optimizing your energy assets right from the same Luxor dashboard you use for Pool, Firmware, and Derivatives. Make Sense of Mining Hashrate Index provides metrics, analysis, and research that demystify the Bitcoin network and Bitcoin mining industry. Testimonials Trusted by Miners Worldwide Join thousands of miners worldwide who rely on Luxor for unparalleled efficiency, rock-solid reliability, and institutional-grade trust. Luxor has been a reliable partner to Genesis for years now. I applaud them for their exemplary pool service and wish them continued success in the future. Philip Salter Chief Technology Officer We are delighted to receive a major order from Luxor, a leading mining service company in North America, following the introduction of our new models. Dr. Zuoxing Yang Chief Executive Officer LuxOS has become our go-to firmware thanks to its ease of use at scale, fine-grained control, and real-time telemetry. Paired with Luxor’s pool, we’ve seen consistent uptime and smooth payouts. Their products and support team help us deliver a better experience to our clients. Ilya Rekhter Chief Executive Officer Luxor Pool has continued to be a reliable product for Sato over the past 5 years and counting. Their customer service and streamlined communications set them apart. Romain Nouzareth Chief Executive Officer We are very pleased about this LuxOS partnership as it enhances our hashrate by another 10-15% without any additional hardware investment. This enables us to mine more Bitcoin at higher margins and increase profitability. Bruce M. Rodgers Chief Executive Officer By deploying LuxOS, we will continue to optimize performance and unlock additional efficiency gains within our fleet. We appreciate the collaborative approach Luxor has taken in working with our team to fine-tune their firmware to meet our operational needs. Sean Farrell Chief Operating Officer The Luxor pool + firmware combo is hands-down the best stack to maximize profits for bitcoin miners. The API is well documented and the developer experience is solid. Our clients use it everywhere—from immersion farms to stranded gas containers. James Scaggs Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a trusted mining pool and business partner to Soluna for years. Their platform offers valuable product integrations and simplifies stakeholder reporting through a strong focus on compliance, SOC standards, and auditability. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor made our hardware purchasing process smooth and efficient. Their team is responsive and knowledgeable. They provide support from start to finish. I highly recommend them for their reliable service. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor stands unparalleled as the quintessential hub for all your Bitcoin mining needs. Their ASIC Hardware service not only leads the industry but revolutionizes the process of establishing mining operations, rendering it remarkably efficient. Daniel Ott Chief Technology Officer We've been doing business with Luxor for 7 years. They are an excellent partner that adds a material value to our business and helps us source high quality hardware at excellent pricing. James McAvity Chief Executive Officer Luxor is a leading platform in buying and selling hashrate. We are proud to have partnered with them to trailblaze this important market, and they are our primary source for financing, hedging and exposure to hashprice. Also, their online interface is in a class by itself. Jonathan Bates Chief Executive Officer Hashrate derivatives bring a new level of financial sophistication to the mining industry—enabling miners and hashrate buyers to hedge risk and optimize exposure. Luxor has led the way, delivering solutions that enable smarter, more resilient strategies for all participants. Amanda Fabiano Co-Founder Luxor's user experience and customer support have been phenomenal—they are fantastic partners for novice and experienced miners alike. Gerson Martinez Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a reliable partner to Genesis for years now. I applaud them for their exemplary pool service and wish them continued success in the future. Philip Salter Chief Technology Officer We are delighted to receive a major order from Luxor, a leading mining service company in North America, following the introduction of our new models. Dr. Zuoxing Yang Chief Executive Officer LuxOS has become our go-to firmware thanks to its ease of use at scale, fine-grained control, and real-time telemetry. Paired with Luxor’s pool, we’ve seen consistent uptime and smooth payouts. Their products and support team help us deliver a better experience to our clients. Ilya Rekhter Chief Executive Officer Luxor Pool has continued to be a reliable product for Sato over the past 5 years and counting. Their customer service and streamlined communications set them apart. Romain Nouzareth Chief Executive Officer We are very pleased about this LuxOS partnership as it enhances our hashrate by another 10-15% without any additional hardware investment. This enables us to mine more Bitcoin at higher margins and increase profitability. Bruce M. Rodgers Chief Executive Officer By deploying LuxOS, we will continue to optimize performance and unlock additional efficiency gains within our fleet. We appreciate the collaborative approach Luxor has taken in working with our team to fine-tune their firmware to meet our operational needs. Sean Farrell Chief Operating Officer The Luxor pool + firmware combo is hands-down the best stack to maximize profits for bitcoin miners. The API is well documented and the developer experience is solid. Our clients use it everywhere—from immersion farms to stranded gas containers. James Scaggs Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a reliable partner to Genesis for years now. I applaud them for their exemplary pool service and wish them continued success in the future. Philip Salter Chief Technology Officer We are delighted to receive a major order from Luxor, a leading mining service company in North America, following the introduction of our new models. Dr. Zuoxing Yang Chief Executive Officer LuxOS has become our go-to firmware thanks to its ease of use at scale, fine-grained control, and real-time telemetry. Paired with Luxor’s pool, we’ve seen consistent uptime and smooth payouts. Their products and support team help us deliver a better experience to our clients. Ilya Rekhter Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a trusted mining pool and business partner to Soluna for years. Their platform offers valuable product integrations and simplifies stakeholder reporting through a strong focus on compliance, SOC standards, and auditability. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor made our hardware purchasing process smooth and efficient. Their team is responsive and knowledgeable. They provide support from start to finish. I highly recommend them for their reliable service. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor stands unparalleled as the quintessential hub for all your Bitcoin mining needs. Their ASIC Hardware service not only leads the industry but revolutionizes the process of establishing mining operations, rendering it remarkably efficient. Daniel Ott Chief Technology Officer We've been doing business with Luxor for 7 years. They are an excellent partner that adds a material value to our business and helps us source high quality hardware at excellent pricing. James McAvity Chief Executive Officer Luxor is a leading platform in buying and selling hashrate. We are proud to have partnered with them to trailblaze this important market, and they are our primary source for financing, hedging and exposure to hashprice. Also, their online interface is in a class by itself. Jonathan Bates Chief Executive Officer Hashrate derivatives bring a new level of financial sophistication to the mining industry—enabling miners and hashrate buyers to hedge risk and optimize exposure. Luxor has led the way, delivering solutions that enable smarter, more resilient strategies for all participants. Amanda Fabiano Co-Founder Luxor's user experience and customer support have been phenomenal—they are fantastic partners for novice and experienced miners alike. Gerson Martinez Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a trusted mining pool and business partner to Soluna for years. Their platform offers valuable product integrations and simplifies stakeholder reporting through a strong focus on compliance, SOC standards, and auditability. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor made our hardware purchasing process smooth and efficient. Their team is responsive and knowledgeable. They provide support from start to finish. I highly recommend them for their reliable service. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor stands unparalleled as the quintessential hub for all your Bitcoin mining needs. Their ASIC Hardware service not only leads the industry but revolutionizes the process of establishing mining operations, rendering it remarkably efficient. Daniel Ott Chief Technology Officer Luxor has been a reliable partner to Genesis for years now. I applaud them for their exemplary pool service and wish them continued success in the future. Philip Salter Chief Technology Officer We are delighted to receive a major order from Luxor, a leading mining service company in North America, following the introduction of our new models. Dr. Zuoxing Yang Chief Executive Officer LuxOS has become our go-to firmware thanks to its ease of use at scale, fine-grained control, and real-time telemetry. Paired with Luxor’s pool, we’ve seen consistent uptime and smooth payouts. Their products and support team help us deliver a better experience to our clients. Ilya Rekhter Chief Executive Officer Luxor Pool has continued to be a reliable product for Sato over the past 5 years and counting. Their customer service and streamlined communications set them apart. Romain Nouzareth Chief Executive Officer We are very pleased about this LuxOS partnership as it enhances our hashrate by another 10-15% without any additional hardware investment. This enables us to mine more Bitcoin at higher margins and increase profitability. Bruce M. Rodgers Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a reliable partner to Genesis for years now. I applaud them for their exemplary pool service and wish them continued success in the future. Philip Salter Chief Technology Officer We are delighted to receive a major order from Luxor, a leading mining service company in North America, following the introduction of our new models. Dr. Zuoxing Yang Chief Executive Officer LuxOS has become our go-to firmware thanks to its ease of use at scale, fine-grained control, and real-time telemetry. Paired with Luxor’s pool, we’ve seen consistent uptime and smooth payouts. Their products and support team help us deliver a better experience to our clients. Ilya Rekhter Chief Executive Officer Luxor Pool has continued to be a reliable product for Sato over the past 5 years and counting. Their customer service and streamlined communications set them apart. Romain Nouzareth Chief Executive Officer We are very pleased about this LuxOS partnership as it enhances our hashrate by another 10-15% without any additional hardware investment. This enables us to mine more Bitcoin at higher margins and increase profitability. Bruce M. Rodgers Chief Executive Officer By deploying LuxOS, we will continue to optimize performance and unlock additional efficiency gains within our fleet. We appreciate the collaborative approach Luxor has taken in working with our team to fine-tune their firmware to meet our operational needs. Sean Farrell Chief Operating Officer The Luxor pool + firmware combo is hands-down the best stack to maximize profits for bitcoin miners. The API is well documented and the developer experience is solid. Our clients use it everywhere—from immersion farms to stranded gas containers. James Scaggs Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a trusted mining pool and business partner to Soluna for years. Their platform offers valuable product integrations and simplifies stakeholder reporting through a strong focus on compliance, SOC standards, and auditability. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor made our hardware purchasing process smooth and efficient. Their team is responsive and knowledgeable. They provide support from start to finish. I highly recommend them for their reliable service. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor stands unparalleled as the quintessential hub for all your Bitcoin mining needs. Their ASIC Hardware service not only leads the industry but revolutionizes the process of establishing mining operations, rendering it remarkably efficient. Daniel Ott Chief Technology Officer By deploying LuxOS, we will continue to optimize performance and unlock additional efficiency gains within our fleet. We appreciate the collaborative approach Luxor has taken in working with our team to fine-tune their firmware to meet our operational needs. Sean Farrell Chief Operating Officer The Luxor pool + firmware combo is hands-down the best stack to maximize profits for bitcoin miners. The API is well documented and the developer experience is solid. Our clients use it everywhere—from immersion farms to stranded gas containers. James Scaggs Chief Executive Officer Luxor has been a trusted mining pool and business partner to Soluna for years. Their platform offers valuable product integrations and simplifies stakeholder reporting through a strong focus on compliance, SOC standards, and auditability. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor made our hardware purchasing process smooth and efficient. Their team is responsive and knowledgeable. They provide support from start to finish. I highly recommend them for their reliable service. Phillip Ng Development Lead Luxor stands unparalleled as the quintessential hub for all your Bitcoin mining needs. Their ASIC Hardware service not only leads the industry but revolutionizes the process of establishing mining operations, rendering it remarkably efficient. Daniel Ott Chief Technology Officer We've been doing business with Luxor for 7 years. They are an excellent partner that adds a material value to our business and helps us source high quality hardware at excellent pricing. James McAvity Chief Executive Officer Luxor is a leading platform in buying and selling hashrate. We are proud to have partnered with them to trailblaze this important market, and they are our primary source for financing, hedging and exposure to hashprice. Also, their online interface is in a class by itself. Jonathan Bates Chief Executive Officer Hashrate derivatives bring a new level of financial sophistication to the mining industry—enabling miners and hashrate buyers to hedge risk and optimize exposure. Luxor has led the way, delivering solutions that enable smarter, more resilient strategies for all participants. Amanda Fabiano Co-Founder Luxor's user experience and customer support have been phenomenal—they are fantastic partners for novice and experienced miners alike. Gerson Martinez Chief Executive Officer We've been doing business with Luxor for 7 years. They are an excellent partner that adds a material value to our business and helps us source high quality hardware at excellent pricing. James McAvity Chief Executive Officer Luxor is a leading platform in buying and selling hashrate. We are proud to have partnered with them to trailblaze this important market, and they are our primary source for financing, hedging and exposure to hashprice. Also, their online interface is in a class by itself. Jonathan Bates Chief Executive Officer Hashrate derivatives bring a new level of financial sophistication to the mining industry—enabling miners and hashrate buyers to hedge risk and optimize exposure. Luxor has led the way, delivering solutions that enable smarter, more resilient strategies for all participants. Amanda Fabiano Co-Founder Luxor's user experience and customer support have been phenomenal—they are fantastic partners for novice and experienced miners alike. Gerson Martinez Chief Executive Officer We've been doing business with Luxor for 7 years. They are an excellent partner that adds a material value to our business and helps us source high quality hardware at excellent pricing. James McAvity Chief Executive Officer Luxor is a leading platform in buying and selling hashrate. We are proud to have partnered with them to trailblaze this important market, and they are our primary source for financing, hedging and exposure to hashprice. Also, their online interface is in a class by itself. Jonathan Bates Chief Executive Officer FAQs Have Questions? We Have Answers! Find answers to your questions about our mining software and services right here. Contact → What services does Luxor offer? What makes Luxor different from competitors? What security and compliance certifications does Luxor have? What type of Bitcoin miners does Luxor serve? How long has Luxor been in business? Where is Luxor based? Elevate Your Mining Game Transform your mining setup with Luxor's advanced hardware and software solutions, meticulously engineered for miners who demand the highest standards. Get Started Now → Book a call Software and financial services for the future of Bitcoin mining. Happy Hashing! X Telegram Github Youtube Products Mining Pool Firmware Derivatives Hardware Energy Hashrate Index Company About News Careers Contact Case Studies MicroBT US Production Hashrate Financing Terawulf Efficiency Gain Audit-Ready Pool Thermal Management Canaan Partnership Foreman Integration Mining in Africa Resources Documentation Brand Guidelines Mining Pool ToS LuxOS Firmware EULA Derivatives Disclosures Partners: