Luxury and Lifestyle News | - Luxurylaunches Trending Billionaires Superyacht Qatar Private Jets The most expensive Hypercar News Yachts People Cars & Jets Fashion Travel Time Pieces Homes More Auctions Jewelry Reviews Gastronomy Buildings Etc Celebrities While other billionaires vacation with their kids on superyachts, this Saudi businessman raised his 9… Read More Transport Rotting away in storage an incredibly lucky New Yorker bought the famous James Bond submarine… Read More Celebrities Not a superyacht party or a gala Washington dinner, but the strongest link between Jeff… Read More Transport By the time you’re done watching a Super Bowl ad, Mark Zuckerberg would have earned… Read More Other Stuff While the U.S. leader travels in a 35-year-old jet, the President of Egypt has taken… Read More The Latest News Among all current Formula 1 drivers, only Fernando Alonso owns the most expensive road car, a $10 million Mercedes-Benz CLK GTR, one of just 25 built, a barely street legal V12 monster he actually threads through Monaco traffic. While other billionaires vacation with their kids on superyachts, this Saudi businessman raised his 9 kids for 30 years on his $200 million megayacht. Pampered by a crew of 60, the siblings had private cabins, tutors, a video game lounge, a hospital, and even a bakery for fresh bread A Wisconsin YouTube billionaire finally unwrapped his $3 million Koenigsegg Jesko for Christmas, then watched his $1.9 million Regera die after four miles and the Jesko spring a hydraulic leak at 80 miles. Two Swedish icons, one brutal debut. While you were unwrapping socks, a mystery billionaire in the UK was taking delivery of Europe’s first Ferrari F80, a 1,200-horsepower, $4 million-plus hybrid hypercar finished in a deep volcanic red inspired by Mount Etna While California’s $100 billion bullet train crawls through lawsuits and farmland, Chinese scientists have stunned the world yet again by zipping a one-ton maglev sled from 0 to 435 mph in less than two seconds, proving they rule the future of high-speed travel A San Francisco coffee roaster turned an office joke into reality by transforming a 1984 Ferrari 308 into the world’s fastest café, complete with a trunk-mounted espresso machine that sits right next to the roaring 3.0-liter V8 engine. Rotting away in storage an incredibly lucky New Yorker bought the famous James Bond submarine car for a mere $100, he then sold it to Elon Musk for $1 million and the SpaceX CEO was so in love with it that he installed a secret 007 mode in thousands of Tesla Model S cars He once cleaned decks on ships and now cruises in the most unique superyacht in the world. Powered by Rolls-Royce engines, his $100 million spaceship shaped vessel slices through seas while the guests lounge in a 32-foot pool, shielded by an industrial hull built to conquer ice. Lets connect Subscribe to our Newsletter Whats new Transport Among all current Formula 1 drivers, only Fernando Alonso owns the most expensive road car,… Celebrities While other billionaires vacation with their kids on superyachts, this Saudi businessman raised his 9… Transport A Wisconsin YouTube billionaire finally unwrapped his $3 million Koenigsegg Jesko for Christmas, then watched… Transport While you were unwrapping socks, a mystery billionaire in the UK was taking delivery of… Travel While California’s $100 billion bullet train crawls through lawsuits and farmland, Chinese scientists have stunned… Gastronomy A San Francisco coffee roaster turned an office joke into reality by transforming a 1984… News on Luxury Cars, Yachts, Jets and more Among all current Formula 1 drivers, only Fernando Alonso owns the most expensive road car, a $10 million Mercedes-Benz CLK GTR,… There are expensive cars in the garages of Formula 1 drivers, and then there is the one Fernando Alonso owns. Not leased, not gifted,… A Wisconsin YouTube billionaire finally unwrapped his $3 million Koenigsegg Jesko for Christmas, then watched his $1.9 million Regera die after… While you were unwrapping socks, a mystery billionaire in the UK was taking delivery of Europe’s first Ferrari F80, a 1,200-horsepower,… Rotting away in storage an incredibly lucky New Yorker bought the famous James Bond submarine car for a mere $100, he… He once cleaned decks on ships and now cruises in the most unique superyacht in the world. Powered by Rolls-Royce engines,… Celebrity News While other billionaires vacation with their kids on superyachts, this Saudi businessman raised his 9 kids for 30 years on his… Life on a superyacht sounds like the stuff of vacations, and it usually is. Unless you are Saudi billionaire Dr. Nasser Al-Rashid. In that… Not a superyacht party or a gala Washington dinner, but the strongest link between Jeff Bezos and his helicopter-flying wife is… Nita Ambani’s latest flex is a geological marvel combining high-society elegance with hard science, featuring a $2 million neon-blue Paraíba tourmaline… The Apple fortune just got significantly larger as Steve Jobs’ widow cashed out of the Washington Wizards’ parent company for a… Mark Zuckerberg took a tight open-hand slap on the face during a high-intensity sparring session with a UFC champion, but the… Luxury Travel News While California’s $100 billion bullet train crawls through lawsuits and farmland, Chinese scientists have stunned the world yet again by zipping… Ten years on, while California is still pouring concrete, filing lawsuits, and quietly trimming ambitions for its long-promised bullet train, Chinese researchers have just… The company that owns Dubai’s iconic Burj Al Arab hotel now lets its guests charter the $100 million Maltese Falcon, a… 49 years after certifying the Concorde, this is the fastest jet approved by the FAA: Bombardier’s Global 8000, which will now… 4,000 drones turned Dubai’s skyline into the world’s biggest Game Boy screen, letting players battle it out on a 492-foot landmark… We thought we had seen everything in interior design, but this restaurant in China just hung a Ferrari F430 from the… Latest news About Luxurylaunches Luxurylaunches.com is an award winning premium lifestyle website. It features the latest and the best from the world of extravagance and opulence. Home About Us Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2025 - Luxurylaunches.com Back to top News Yachts People Cars & Jets Fashion Travel Time Pieces Homes More Auctions Jewelry Reviews Gastronomy Buildings Etc Trending Billionaires Superyacht Qatar Private Jets The most expensive Hypercar