Las Vegas Valley Water District Official Website Skip Navigation Las Vegas Valley Water District My Account Site Search Menu Search the site Contact Us Home Customer Service Quick Links Log in to My Account Chat With Us Pay Bill Report Water Waste Start/Stop Service Contact Us Winter watering restrictions are in effect Saving water is worth celebrating! Water grass, plants and trees 1 day a week through Feb. 28. And remember, NEVER water on Sundays! Not following seasonal watering restrictions can result in a costly water waste fine . Did you know that plants and trees on drip irrigation need much less water than grass irrigated by sprinklers? Get Watering Tips View Watering Restrictions Get an even bigger rebate Whether you do it yourself or hire a contractor, the Southern Nevada Water Authority (SNWA) will give you a rebate to replace grass with desert landscaping. 💵Now, LVVWD residential customers who participate in the rebate program will receive an additional $2 per square foot. Combined with the SNWA's $5 incentive, that's $7 per square foot! (Terms apply.) Get Rebate Details Protect your water service line Water service line leaks can be costly, and are typically not covered by homeowners' insurance. Water District account holders can opt for a protection program with American Water Resources for just $3.99/month, covering leak repairs from the meter to your house. ⭐BONUS: Customers who enroll with AWR by Dec. 31, 2025, will have their first year of protection reimbursed by LVVWD! (Terms apply.) Get Program Details How can we help you today? I Am A Resident I Am A Business I Am An Engineer/Developer Save water, save money Get paid to replace your grass with desert plants and trees, and upgrade your home with smart technologies that will help keep you water smart. Get Cash for Grass Other Rebates and Coupons Get help with leaks Learn how to track down leaks in your home and find out if you qualify for financial assistance through our leak adjustment and reimbursement programs. Find and Fix Leaks Customer Assistance Programs Your water is safe Las Vegas’s drinking water meets or surpasses all safety standards. In fact, our water is tested more thoroughly than most bottled water. Water Quality Reports Water Quality FAQs View online payment and account FAQs Learn how to understand your bill Get tips for a high water bill Download the LVVWD mobile app Subscribe to seasonal watering reminders Learn about water testing and treatment Get pool and spa tips Learn how to identify LVVWD employees View job openings Replace useless grass now Commercial, multi-family, and other properties are required to remove purely decorative grass by the end of 2026. Don’t wait until the last minute to act! Get started now! About the Useless Grass Law It pays to be water smart Improve your bottom line today! Receive substantial cash incentives and reduce your monthly expenses by upgrading to water-efficient technologies and participating in conservation programs for businesses. Business Incentives and Programs Stop irrigation runoff Water waste is prohibited by law. Avoid costly fines for your business by fixing leaks and correcting irrigation issues quickly. Do not allow water to flow or spray off your property onto sidewalks and streets! More About Water Waste Start or stop water service Understand your water bill View service rules Do business with LVVWD Learn about the Supplier Diversity Program Learn about Water Efficient Technologies Permits, inspections, and more Attention developers, engineering firms and contractors: Get help to plan, design and construct water systems for new developments, building renovations, and public works and utility projects. Engineering and Construction Resources Water theft is illegal Contractors and developers are responsible for ensuring their employees, agents and subcontractors use approved metering and backflow devices to access water for construction activities. Learn More About Water Theft Access and submit digital plans Obtain building permit approval View easement forms View bid opportunities Get UDACS/CAD design information View project planning guidelines Las Vegas is a global leader in water conservation The Las Vegas Valley gets about 90 percent of its water from the Colorado River, which is facing the worst drought in the river basin's recorded history. Thanks to the adoption of innovative programs and water conservation measures, Las Vegas has reduced the community’s Colorado River consumption and significantly reduced the impact of new development on our water supply. With no end to the drought in sight, however, achieving further reductions in water use has taken on a new sense of urgency. Learn More About Drought and Conservation Measures One of the nation's most reliable water systems For more than a half century, the Water District and its customers have been investing in one of the nation's most reliable water delivery systems. That investment has paid off. Instances of water main breaks in Southern Nevada are below the national average and our water system has an efficiency rating that is considered world-class. Explore How Water Gets To Your Tap Like. 👍 Share. 🔁 Follow. ➕ Subscribe. 🔔 Connect with LVVWD online! Las Vegas Valley Water District Back to top Subscribe to our newsletter! Sign Up Facebook X Instagram Youtube LinkedIn A Not-For-Profit Water Utility Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright © 2025 Las Vegas Valley Water District 1001 South Valley View Blvd. Las Vegas, Nevada 89153 702-870-2011 800-252-2011