Latham & Watkins LLP | Global Law Firm skip to Main Content skip to Footer Toggle Menu Menu People Capabilities Achievements Insights Global Citizenship Search Toggle Search Bar Latham & Watkins LLP Local Language pages Global English Chinese 中文 French Français German Deutsch Italian Italiano Japanese 日本語 Korean 한국어 Spanish Español People Capabilities Achievements Insights Featured Insights Explore All Resources & Tools Book of Jargon Blogs Podcasts Webcasts Global Citizenship Overview Pro Bono & Community Service Inclusion, Opportunity & Community WEB Environmental Sustainability Newsroom Offices About Us Alumni Careers LinkedIn Latham & Watkins Linkedin LinkedIn Twitter/X Latham & Watkins Twitter Twitter Facebook Latham & Watkins Facbook Facebook YouTube Latham & Watkins Youtube YouTube Instagram Latham & Watkins on Instagram Instagram Latham & Watkins LLP On-Demand Webcast 2025 Year in Review: A Look Back (and Look Ahead) at the Trump Administration’s Priorities Latham lawyers, including former senior government officials, discuss expected trends and potential initiatives. View Now 2025 Year in Review: <br>A Look Back (and Look Ahead) at the Trump Administration’s Priorities Resource UK Cryptoasset Regulatory Tracker Latham’s new interactive online resource helps cryptoasset businesses stay up to date with the UK's rapidly evolving regulatory landscape. Read More UK Cryptoasset Regulatory Tracker Documentary Film Supreme Advocacy: What It Takes to Argue at the Supreme Court Bloomberg Law documentary follows Latham appellate team inside a landmark Supreme Court case. Learn More Supreme Advocacy: What It Takes to Argue at the Supreme Court On-Demand Webcast 2026 Proxy Season: Strategically Preparing for the Upcoming Season Latham and Georgeson join together to discuss what public companies and their advisors should know, and be doing now, as they enter the 2026 proxy season. View Now 2026 Proxy Season: Strategically Preparing for the Upcoming Season Press Release Latham & Watkins Names New Partners and Counsel The annual promotion of associates highlights the firm’s depth of talent and strengths in key practice areas and markets around the world. Read More Latham & Watkins Names New Partners and Counsel Pause Play Largest US and Global IPO of 2025 Latham Advises on Medline’s Upsized Landmark US$7.2 Billion IPO Read More Game Changer Latham Advises Apollo Sports Capital on Investment in Wrexham AFC Read More Litigators of the Week Winner Latham Secures Complete Dismissal of SEC Case Against SolarWinds Read More Landmark Transaction Latham Advises Suno in Groundbreaking Partnership With Warner Music Group Read More Setting a New Standard Latham Represents Coinbase in Landmark Launch of End-to-End Token Sales Platform Read More Healthcare Private Equity Exit Latham Advises Clario in US$8.875 Billion Sale to Thermo Fisher Scientific Read More Historic Data Center Deal Latham Advises Macquarie Asset Management in Largest-Ever Global Data Center Transaction Read More Historic Take-Private Latham Advises Silver Lake in US$55 Billion Acquisition of Electronic Arts Read More Live Debut Latham Represents StubHub in US$800 Million IPO Read More Transformative Transaction Latham Advises Anglo American on US$70 Billion Merger of Equals with Teck Read More Landmark AI Funding Round Latham Advises General Catalyst and a16z on Mistral AI’s €1.7 Billion Series C Funding Round Read More Landmark Victory Lufthansa Succeeds in Feeder Flights Dispute Against Condor Read More Previous Next “Latham & Watkins’ ability both to spot market opportunities for expanding legal practices and to deploy AI and proprietorial data exemplifies how a law firm can establish a position in the new AI economy.” Most Innovative Law Firm in North America 2025 Financial Times 23 Consecutive Years on the A-List Latham consistently ranks among the very top-performing firms across financial and cultural measures. The American Lawyer A-List 2025 Most Rankings for 11th Consecutive Year Recognized across a range of transactional, disputes, regulatory, and industry categories, Latham earned 90 Band 1 practice rankings, 96 Band 1 lawyer rankings, and the highest number of lawyers ranked in the guide. Chambers USA 2025 Law Firm of the Year for Sixth Consecutive Year Won “Practice Group of the Year” in three categories, while being nominated across six areas in total. Law360 2024 Advised on more billion-dollar year-end deals than any other law firm in 2024 The American Lawyer and Law.com International More than 100 #1 rankings across global, regional, and industry M&A and PE league tables in 2024 Bloomberg, LSEG, Mergermarket, Law360 “Latham & Watkins is the absolute go-to firm for anything that is complex and requires fast turnaround times. They are number one.” Chambers UK 2024 Our Stories Next slide Previous slide My Latham Summer Experience the journey of a Latham summer associate. Spring Challenge Latham’s annual Spring Challenge focuses on overall well-being, camaraderie, and engagement across the globe. ATX Open Kids Day Latham co-hosted a youth tennis clinic with Boys & Girls Club of the Austin Area ahead of the 2025 tournament. What is LathamTech? In 2024, we partnered with clients across the tech ecosystem to drive tech forward. Featured Insights December 31, 2025 Client Alert BIOSECURE Act Becomes Law, Limiting Grants With “Biotechnology Companies of Concern” The law, enacted on December 18, 2025, restricts US federal procurement and grants involving biotechnology products or services provided by “biotechnology companies of concern.” December 31, 2025 Client Alert Saudi Arabia Adopts Financial Oversight Law Implications for government entities, state-funded organizations, and stakeholders managing public revenues. December 30, 2025 Newsletter Healthcare & Life Sciences: Drug Pricing Digest — Number 62 Our Drug Pricing and Market Access team tracks recent developments in healthcare reform, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B Program, Medicare, and state law. Read More Subscribe Newsroom Offices Media Contacts About Us Alumni Careers LinkedIn Latham & Watkins Linkedin Twitter/X Latham & Watkins Twitter Facebook Latham & Watkins Facbook YouTube Latham & Watkins Youtube Instagram Latham & Watkins on Instagram Latham & Watkins has offices in: Austin Beijing Boston Brussels Chicago Dubai Düsseldorf Frankfurt Hamburg Hong Kong Houston London Los Angeles Los Angeles — Downtown Los Angeles — GSO Madrid Manchester — GSO Milan Munich New York Orange County Paris Riyadh San Diego San Francisco Seoul Silicon Valley Singapore Tel Aviv Tokyo Washington, D.C. Site Map Privacy Policy Scam Warning Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use Notice : We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding. Cancel Accept