Home | League of Women Voters Skip to main content Tell Congress to Defend Democracy Urge Your Representatives to Take Action Show Your Support Advocate for Voting Rights Stand Against Anti-Voter Legislation Tell your Senators to oppose the SAVE Act. View All Action Alerts Register to vote - get started now at VOTE411.org View All Action Alerts Top Utility LWV Store Member Log In Take Action Toggle navigation Menu Close Search Filter By Topic Census Defending Democracy Educating Voters Election Hero Day Elections Equal Rights Expanding Voter Access Fighting Voter Suppression Health Care Reform Immigration Increasing Voter Registration Money In Politics Redistricting Reproductive Justice The Environment VOTE411 Filter By Content Type - Any - Article Blog Legal Case Legal Documents Local League News Clips Press Release Report Sort By Most Recent Relevance Search Main navigation Voting Rights Expanding Voter Access Redistricting Money in Politics Fighting Voter Suppression Elections Educating Voters Find Your Elected Officials VOTE411 Increasing Voter Registration Election Hero Day Other Issues Health Care Reform The Environment Census Immigration Library Newsroom Legal Center Blog About Us History Staff Partnerships Board of Directors & Trustees Membership & Local Leagues Financials & Annual Reports Find Your Local League Ways to Give LWV Store Top Utility LWV Store Member Log In Take Action Search Utility Navigation Join LWV Donate Search Filter By Topic Census Defending Democracy Educating Voters Election Hero Day Elections Equal Rights Expanding Voter Access Fighting Voter Suppression Health Care Reform Immigration Increasing Voter Registration Money In Politics Redistricting Reproductive Justice The Environment VOTE411 Filter By Content Type - Any - Article Blog Legal Case Legal Documents Local League News Clips Press Release Report Sort By Most Recent Relevance Search Empowering Voters. Defending Democracy. The League of Women Voters is a nonpartisan , grassroots organization working to protect and expand voting rights and ensure everyone is represented in our democracy. We empower voters and defend democracy through advocacy , education , and litigation , at the local, state, and national levels. Take Action Protect the Freedom to Vote Ensure all Americans have the equal opportunity to exercise the right to vote Improve Elections Inform voters and help make our elections more free, fair, and equitable Reduce Money’s Political Influence Hear citizen voices over corporations and the wealthy Fight for Fair Redistricting Oppose partisan and racial gerrymandering Unite and Rise 8.5 Unite & Rise 8.5 aims to build a movement of 8.5 million individuals to fight back against the anti-democratic actions of the current administration. According to research, 8.5 million people taking nonviolent action are all we need to make meaningful change in this critical time. Join us as we defend democracy, from the courts to the streets and beyond! Learn More Defend Democracy Make Your Voice Heard Contact your elected officials to support legislation that stands up for your values. Take action on these crucial pieces of legislation. Urgent Tell Congress to Stop Interfering in DC Contact Your Representatives Reject Anti-Voter Policies Contact Your Senators Tell Congress to Guarantee the Right to Vote Contact Your Representatives Tell Congress to Defend Democracy Contact Your Representatives Demand Equal Rights Sign the Petition Support the Expansion of Voting Rights Sign the Petition Find Your Local League Learn more about how they're advocating on a state and local level. Zip Code or State Search Defending the Right to Vote In 2024 we protected more than 9.38 million voters in courts across the nation. And we are still fighting Protecting free elections and separation of powers LWVUS, LWV of Arizona and partners filed a federal lawsuit arguing that President Trump’s Executive Order 14248, which ordered the EAC to require documentary proof of citizenship on the federal voter registration form, threatened to withhold funds from states allowing post-election day receipt of mail ballots, and invited DOGE to assist in voter list maintenance, among other provisions, was an illegal order beyond the President’s powers under the United States Constitution and federal law. Protecting Voter Registration LWV Florida and the Florida NAACP filed a lawsuit in federal court asserting Florida’s statewide voter registration form violated the National Voter Registration Act by failing to properly inform applicants with felony convictions of the additional requirements they must satisfy to vote. See All Court Cases Latest Supporting Fair Representation for All LWVUS and allied groups filed an amicus brief in the US Supreme Court supporting a new congressional map that created a second Black-majority district to ensure fair representation for Black voters in Louisiana. A previous lawsuit asserted that Louisiana had diluted Black voters’ voting power by failing to draw a second majority-Black district. After a federal court struck down the map, the legislature drew a map with a second-majority Black district. Several individual plaintiffs filed a lawsuit alleging that this map was a racial gerrymander. A panel sided with the plaintiffs, and the case was appealed to the US Supreme Court. LWVUS and its co-amici argued the panel’s decision was incorrect and that the legislature’s remedial map should be affirmed. Read the Case Summary Support the fight for everyone's freedom to vote. One Time One-Time Monthly Monthly One-time donation amounts $1000 $500 $125 $50 $25 Other Monthly donation amounts $75 $50 $25 $10 Other Donate Now Voting Tools Register to vote, find your polling place, look up your ballot, and more at VOTE411.org. Your Vote Matters It determines your access to affordable health care It lifts up the voices of those most impacted by climate change It ensures that we're all represented in our government, not just those of us with greater wealth or systemic advantages It promotes immigration reform , including family reunification and political asylum In 2024, more than 9.5 million people found nonpartisan voting resources on VOTE411, including approximately 250,000 Spanish speakers. To find a League near you, search our 750+ state and local Leagues. Zip Code or State Find Your League Find Your League The Latest From The League LWVUS Submits Comments to EPA Opposing Changing Definition of "Waters of the United States" Letters / December 24, 2025 LWVUS Opposes Government Silencing of Nonprofits Letters / December 16, 2025 League of Women Voters of Maine Successfully Intervenes in Justice Department Lawsuit in Defense of Voter Privacy Press Release / December 15, 2025 Sign Up For Email Keep up with the League. Receive emails to your inbox! Donate to LWV Support our work to empower voters and defend democracy through a donation today! Donate Now Footer menu Contact Us. Blog. Newsroom. Careers. Store. Footer Leaguemanagement League Management Member Log In Join LWV Facebook Twitter Instagram Tik-Tok © 2025 League of Women Voters. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Whistleblower Policy Anti-Retaliation Policy