Your choices regarding cookies for this website

This website uses cookies to personalize your browsing experience and the communications you receive, and to improve our services. By clicking on "I Accept", you accept the use of such cookies. If you want to find out more click "More information".

I Accept
Withdraw consent
More information
Reject Cookies
Lyreco Group
Workplace Solutions
Safety
Responsibility and Sustainability
Lyreco Careers
News & Media Contact
e-shop
ABOUT LYRECO
World presence
People and Values
Pioneers since 1926
Ethics and Compliance
Lyreco For Education
Our Executive Team
INSIDE LYRECO
A GREAT WORKING DAY. DELIVERED.
We are Lyreco

The Lyreco group is much more than a supplier of workplace essentials. We partner with organisations in the quest for a better working world, one day at the time. 

We collaborate with renowned suppliers to provide more and more products with sustainability-related contribution, and the information people need to understand the impact of their purchases. Pairing local knowledge with global connections, we build strong relationships with our partners to drive progress in sustainability for workplaces.

A privately owned company since 1926, the Lyreco group directly operates in 25 countries in Europe and Asia and covers 16 additional markets on four continents through a network of distribution partners. As the European leader and the third largest distributor of workplace products and services in the world, we strive to work in an ethical and sustainable way in our local communities to promote well-being and safety amongst the people that live and work there. 

“Deliver sustainably what any workplace needs, so its people can focus on what matters most”.

Our mission shared by Lyreco’s 10,000+ employees

Products and services that enhance safety, well-being, and productivity

We continuously innovate and expand our offering to cover all workplace needs: office supplies, furniture, IT equipment, printing solutions, personal protective equipment, hygiene, coffee, and catering.

Lyreco at a glance
40
countries

With 17 local subsidiaries and an expertise centre dedicated to workplace safety, we operate directly in 25 countries in Europe and Asia. In addition, we have set up a network of 13 strategic distribution partners that serve 15 additional markets in North, Central and South America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.

Our international presence
10,000+
employees

Our people are the core of the operational excellence we offer daily to our customers.

People and Values
Fostering workplaces with sustainability-related contribution

Our clients endeavour to create a workplace that supports the well-being and safety of their people and contributes to the protection of our planet. 

We are dedicated to helping them find the right sustainable solutions with our tailored advice and services, setting the circular economy standard for workplaces. 

As a member of the UN Global Compact since 2004, we publish our Sustainability Report every year, highlighting the actions we take to achieve our ambitious sustainability goals and support our clients in achieving theirs.

Lyreco For Education

Raising funds for children's education

Encouraging all our people to devote time to charity initiatives is part of the Lyreco company culture.

Through the Lyreco For Education programme, they can develop fundraising activities to give children living in poor conditions better access to education.

Discover Lyreco For Education
Lyreco News

Discover all the latest news from Lyreco in our magazine section.

Check our news here!
Lyreco E-SHOP

One solution, one contact, one online shop for all your workplace needs!

Go to e-shop

Inside Lyreco
About Lyreco
World presence
People and Values
Pioneers since 1926
Ethics and Compliance
Lyreco For Education
Our Executive Team
Workplace solutions
Responsibility & Sustainability
Lyreco Careers
News
Contact us
Our guiding principles
Safety
Linkedin
Youtube
© Lyreco 2025
Lyreco Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Terms of Use