M6.NET: Affordable Windows Hosting | Full .NET Stack & Docker Support Home Web Hosting Prices Windows Hosting Plans Reseller Hosting Plans Why Choose M6.Net? About M6.net Commitment to Care Contact Login Windows Web Hosting Packages Backed by 25 Years of Experience with Unlimited Features Windows Hosting • 24/7 Support • Instant Setup from $ 29 per year Wordpress Hosting Wordpress Install Multisite Support 20GB Space Unlimited Bandwidth Smart Updates Free SSL 10 Email Users FTP Login Start Now from $ 59 per year Shared Hosting Windows Hosting 10 Web Sites 100GB Space Unlimited FTPs Unlimited Email addresses Free SSL 24/7 Support Start Now from $ 119 per year Reseller Hosting Windows Resller Unlimited Web Sites 550GB Space Unlimited Bandwidth 35 Resale Sites Free SSL 24/7 Support Start Now .NET Framework 6 & 7 Support Control Permissions ASP.Net Core Support ASP.Net MVC Multiple Application Roots Customize global.asax Customize web.config ADO, ADO.NET, OLEDB Control Backups/Restore Daily Database Backups Remote SQL Connections Management Studio Support Dedicated SQL Server 2022 Latest PHP Installs 80+ Installable Apps SQL Server Connector PHP 7 and PHP 8 SSI Support Remote Web Services Run PHP with ASP & ASP.Net MySQL 5.6, 5.7, 8.0 MariaDB 10.5 Control Backups/Restore Remote Connections Restore Backups Stored Procedures Web Based DB Manager Mix different scripts in each website - ASP.Net, ASP.Net Core, Node.js, ASP, PHP, Python, CGI. You've developed a website and want to run an ASP script alongside an ASP.Net script, ASP.NET Core, alongside a PHP script and maybe even use a Perl CGI script. You also might want the PHP script connecting to a SQL Server and MySQL database and the ASP and ASP.Net hosting Script connecting to the same MySQL and SQL Server databases. You can do all of this and more in your M6.Net Reseller hosting account. Mix and use all the different scripting engines - ASP, ASP.Net (upto 7.0),ASP.Net Core 6 and ASP.Net Core 7.0, PHP (7 and 8) with one or more MySQL and/or SQL Server and/or Access databases. As soon as your account is setup, all of this is ready to go. You can choose ASP.Net and PHP versions from your control panel with changes made instantly. We're Windows Server Hosting Specialists. At M6.Net we've been doing nothing but Windows hosting for over 25 years. We're one of the net's original Windows hosting providers. Every time technology changed our hosting customers got the latest Windows technology as soon as it was released without frustration. We were the first Windows hosts to fully support DotNetNuke hosting and make it work. You can plan your website developments knowing you'll get access to the latest hosting technology as soon as it is available. Your sites and projects are in good hands. Starting out in 1997 we've experienced all the technology changes from NT 3.5 to Windows 2000 to Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019 and Windows Server 2022.  We've dealt with all the rollouts of ASP 1 through to ASP 2 and then ASP 3. We also handled all the technicalities of rolling out .Net and just recently .Net framework 4.8 along with .NET core 3.1 We've also handled all the hosting technology changes from FrontPage 1 to FrontPage 2000 to FrontPage 2003 and Microsoft SharePoint Services. When SQL Server became affordable for shared hosting customers back in 1999 we helped hundreds of clients migrate their databases from Microsoft Access to MS-SQL Server 2000. We also helped many clients with their migration from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012 to SQL Server 2016 and SQL Server 2019. We have an extensive history and experience with all Windows technology. You'll find us the best choice for PHP hosting, ASP.Net hosting and ASP hosting solutions. True Multiple IIS web sites. When we say multiple web sites, we mean multiple IIS Web sites - and you can resell each and every one of the sites in your M6.Net Windows reseller hosting account. Each web site comes with its own application settings, custom error pages, mail server, log files and log file directory and more. With our Designer and ProDeveloper Reseller hosting accounts you can even set your own Application Pools. We're one of the affordable web hosts that offer advanced features like your own application pool with ASP.Net hosting services. Back in 1998 we were one the first hosts to offer multiple sites in the one reseller hosting account. This simple innovation instantly saved webmasters hundreds of dollars per month. We continue to save webmasters money with discount price, true multi-web site, reseller web hosting on Windows servers. Flexible Windows reseller hosting for developers & web designers at discount prices. Plesk Hosting Control Panel Control Panel - File manager Domain Hosting information Applications Smartermail Real Flexibility - Freedom to Create. We won't hold you back. Where other hosts say no, we say let's take a look. So long as your requests do not pose a security risk, is legal and will not compromise the server or its performance or negatively impact other customers, we'll work hard to make your technology, custom components and special requests work for you. Fully Automated Plesk Control Panel You'll get the powerful Plesk control panel to manage your windows hosting and windows reseller hosting account. 25 years of experience backed by a strong and reliable company like Plesk provides the best reliability, user experience and wide range of features in a Windows hosting control panel. Not to mention every change you make is instant and automatic and you have a vast set of documentation at your fingertips. You also get a multitude of web applications to install into any of your web sites with just a click - including an easy installer for multiple DotNetNuke Portals. 24 Hour Tech Support We are commitment to care with our dedicated support team working around the clock answering queries and we aim to respond as fast as possible. We average an hour response time and in most cases in less than 30 minutes. We've handled millions of support queries over the years and have a wealth of experience in providing support to hosting customers like you. 24 hour Web, Email and Database Server Monitoring and Maintenance On top of our support team we have a team monitoring and maintaining our servers and networks around the clock. Our MM team is proactively responding to server, network and security alerts before they become an issue and also keeping all our systems updated with the latest patches, the Control panel and scripting engines and other technology available in your hosting account. Instant Hosting Package Setup You can get your Windows hosting and windows reseller hosting account up and running within the next few minutes and if for any reason you are not happy within 30 days, we'll refund your money. Try us risk free and start building powerful websites and save money at the same time. Reliable Web Host Provider Hosting with 99.9% uptime 24 hr monitoring and management MySQL and SQL Server Database size only limited by your hosting account space Secure database directories Rock Solid Web Servers Windows servers 2022 Windows servers 2019 Windows servers 2016 Windows servers 2012 Latest patches and server updates Virus Checked Security monitoring Flexible Reseller Packages Reseller site hosting with any website hosting Package Customized web site hosting control panel International Domain hosting Setup your own web host packages Unlimited domains Complete multi-site hosting SSI Server Side includes supported in all web site Hosting packages Multiple technologies in the one host account Raw Log file access ASP.Net, ASP and .Net Support ASP.Net Core 6.0 hosting ASP.Net Core 5.0 hosting ASP.Net Core 3.1 hosting Node.js 12 hosting ASP.Net DotNetNuke hosting ASP.Net MVC ASP.Net 3.5 Hosting ASP.Net 4.8 Hosting ASP.Net AJAX hosting supported VB.NET codebehind C# codebehind .NET DLL /bin Folder Customizable global.asax Customizable web.config Multiple Application Roots Host Multiple Applications Web Services support XAML SOAP, WSDL WAP, WML All Development Tools Supported Visual Studio 2019 2016/2013/2010 Supported Adobe Creative Cloud Support - DreamWeaver and Flash hosting Sharepoint Services Linq hosting Frontpage support Expression hosting support. WebDav connections All available connections for any of your favorite web design or web development IDE's Components Included ASPMail ASPImage ASPSmartupload ASPhttp ASPUpload Your Custom components to use in your Windows web site Hosting account with your PHP, .Net, ASP.Net. Net Core or ASP app's. Upload your own ASP.Net components easily Web Host Platform .Net Core Hosting Microsoft .NET 7.0 hosting .NET 6.0 hosting .NET 5.0 hosting .NET framework 4.8 .NET framework 4.5 .NET framework 4.0 .NET framework 3.5 ASP hosting PHP 5 PHP 7 Node.js 10 PERL v5 CGI hosting Python Flash support Silverlight hosting support C#, VB.NET AJAX (ASP.Net AJAX Services) Full support for PHP and MySQL on Windows servers. Fully integrated support for ASP.Net, ASP, PHP, MySQL with SQL Server 2019 hosting Seamlessly use PHP, .Net, ASP, ASP.Net, .Net Core and SQL Server and/or MySQL in the one web site. Powerful Email ASP.Net AJAX Web-Based business email hosting (like hotmail, yahoo) Unlimited email accounts/mailboxes hosting Unlimited email aliases Unlimited domain aliases Catch all email address Bayes spam filtering Plesk Control Panel Automated Plesk control panel Individual control panel for each website you host Reseller client hosting control panel Web based file manager Password protected directories Change Windows level permissions Installable web applications SQL Server & MySQL Databases SQL Server 2012, 2016 and 2019 on dedicated MS SQL Servers ADO, ADO.NET, OLEDB Unlimited ODBC connections Access 2019 MySQL 5.6 MySQL 5.7 MySQL 8.0 SQL Server Reporting services SQL Management Studio SQL Management Express Supported Remote SQL Database connections Daily Database backups Free Backup Restore Stored Procedures Email from SQL Server Full Text Search DSN-Less Connection MS XML 6 SQL XML 4 What is a Reseller Hosting Package? How to become a Reseller? How to become a successful Reseller? Cheap Windows Hosting Best Reseller Hosting Unlimited Windows Reseller Hosting Unlimited Windows hosting Windows Wordpress Hosting Windows Hosting Plans Cloud Hosintg Windows Hosting Tutorials ASP.Net Windows Reseller Hosting Cheap Reseller Hosting Best Reseller Hosting Unlimited Reseller Hosting Reseller Hosting plans Windows Hosting plans Business Email Hosting Windows Wordpress Hosting Business Hosting Cheap Windows Hosting © M6.net 1997-2013 M6.Net Pty Ltd ACN: 101535291 Terms & Conditions : Privacy Policy : Commitment to Care