Mathematical Association of America – Advancing the understanding of mathematics and its impact on our world Skip to content Mathematical Association of America About Us About the MAA Policies and Procedures News & Updates Governance Staff Directory What We Do Publications American Mathematical Monthly Mathematics Magazine College Mathematics Journal Scatterplot MAA Convergence MAA FOCUS Math Horizons MAA Reviews and Basic Library List MAA Member Library Math Values Blog MAA Press Professional Development + Resources MAA Project NExT Career Center For Faculty For Higher-Ed Students For K-12 Educators For K-12 Students Student Programs American Mathematics Competitions AMC Registration + Information MAA American Mathematics Competitions Policies AMC International MAA Putnam Events MAA MathFest National Events Community Events Advocacy Find Your Elected Representative Get Involved Membership Membership Types MAA Member Benefits and Discounts Manage Membership Communities Sections Special Interest Groups (SIGMAAs) Awards MAA Connect Support MAA Donate Planned Giving Our Donors Search for: Search Search Login We envision a society that values the power and beauty of mathematics. Our Values Become a Member Get Started As Faculty The MAA provides faculty members with comprehensive resources that enhance teaching, research, and professional development. We support your professional growth while enabling you to contribute to the broader mathematical community. Learn More Get Started As A Student The MAA supports students from K-12 to higher education. K-12 students can enjoy fun math challenges, AMC competitions, and interactive materials to explore math and STEM careers. Higher education students have access to resources to enhance their skills, research, and job prospects. The MAA is here for every step of your mathematical journey. Learn More Get Started As An Industry Professional The MAA supports STEM and mathematical sciences professionals. Enhance your skills, stay updated with research, and advance your career. Access to the MAA Career Center, connect with our industry-specific special interest groups, and engage with cutting-edge research. The MAA is here for your growth and success. Learn More News View All 2025-26 AIME Thresholds Are Now Available Congratulations to all AMC 10 / AMC 12 participants this year! Thank you for joining us this cycle. Scores have been finalized, and the qualifying thresholds for the American Invitational Mathematics Exam (AIME) and other distinctions have been determined: This year the AIME I will take place on February 5, 2026, while the alternate AIME... Announcement A Journey in Mathematics Education and Community Impact: Emily Ann Cimillo Member Spotlight Emily Ann Cimillo explains how her passion for mathematics guided her from teaching to leading outreach at Florida Atlantic University, where she expanded Math Days and the MAA American Mathematics Competition (AMC) program. She highlights how the MAA AMC strengthens students' problem-solving skills and fosters a lasting interest in mathematics. MAA: Can you share your... Announcement Empowering Students and Strengthening Community: Dr. Mohammad K. Azarian MAA Member Spotlight MAA Executive Director Michael Pearson, Dr. Mohammad K. Azarian, and MAA President Jenna Carpenter at MAA MathFest 2025. Dr. Mohammad K. Azarian, professor of mathematics at the University of Evansville, earned his Ph.D. from Saint Louis University in 1985. Through leadership with the AMS and the Indiana Section of MAA, as well as his work as... Announcement Igniting Curiosity Through Competition: William Hawkins MAA Member Spotlight William Hawkins, a longtime math educator, was inspired by creative college math experiences and a family of teachers. Through the MAA American Mathematics Competitions (AMC), he helps students build curiosity, confidence, and joy in problem-solving, using the competitions to create a welcoming environment where all learners can explore mathematics deeply. MAA: Can you share your journey... Press Release Announcing the Next MAA President and Vice President The Mathematical Association of America (MAA) is excited to share the results of its recent elections, which include the selection of Edray Goins, PhD, as president-elect and Yvonee Lai, PhD, as vice president. President-Elect: Edray Goins Edray Goins, Professor of Mathematics and Statistics at Pomona College, will take office as the MAA’s president-elect on July... Press Release Learn more about who we are and what we do Explore our latest achievements in the 2024 MAA Impact Report—highlighting a year of innovation, community, and progress in mathematics. 2024 MAA Annual Report Announcing the Next MAA President and Vice President! Starting July 1, 2026, Edray Goins will begin his term as President-Elect and Yvonne Lai will serve as Vice President. Both bring extensive experience, thoughtful leadership, and a shared commitment to strengthening the MAA community and advancing the field of mathematics. Learn more about their leadership and vision A community bound by a shared passion for the world of mathematics. MAA members in the United States and Canada are part of one of 29 regional sections. Each section holds annual meetings and various activities, including math contests, curriculum advice, and guest lectures. Find your regional section to engage with your local mathematical community. Find your Regional Section MAA MathFest Every summer, MAA MathFest shares the latest in mathematical research and education with a diverse audience nationwide. As the largest community of mathematicians, students, and enthusiasts, MAA provides an engaging and informative experience. Learn more about MAA MathFest Featured Resources View All Members Only Notes Volume 29 – Applications of Calculus Philip Straffin, Editor Description: Students see how calculus can explain the structure of a rainbow, guide a robot arm, or analyze the spread of AIDS. Each module starts with a concrete problem and moves on to provide a solution. The discussions are detailed, realistic, and pay careful attention to the process of mathematical modeling. Exercises,... Members Only CUPM Compendium Volumes I and II Edited by Susan Ganter and William Barker, these two volumes collect decades of work by the MAA Committee on the Undergraduate Program in Mathematics (CUPM) and related MAA committees. Volume 1 focuses on curriculum and program structures, while Volume 2 explores pedagogy, assessment, and strategies for supporting diverse student pathways. Together, they provide comprehensive guidance... Progress through Calculus From 2015 through 2019, the MAA conducted a study of the Precalculus through Calculus II sequence in U.S. colleges and universities, sponsored by NSF (DUE I-USE #1430540). The goals of this study are: The PI and co-PIs are David Bressoud (Macalester College), Rachel Levy (MAA), Jessica Ellis (Colorado State University), Sean Larsen (Portland State University),... Notes Volume 99 – Using Data-Centric Methods to Teach Introductory Statistics Donna LaLonde and Deirdre Longacher Smeltzer Description: Discover a new way to teach statistics with Using Data-Centric Methods to Teach Introductory Statistics. This MAA Notes volume tells the story of StatPREP— an initiative designed to empower statistics instructors to create data-driven learning opportunities. Traditionally, teaching introductory statistics has emphasized procedural methods, formula-driven instruction, and small datasets.... Members Only Notes Volume 71 – War Stories from Applied Math: Undergraduate Consultancy Projects Robert Fraga, Editor.12. Description: This book deals with issues involved in setting up and running a program which allows undergraduate students to work on problems from real world sources. A number of practitioners share their experiences with the reader. Become a Member Join our vibrant community at the Mathematical Association of America. Become a member today to access valuable resources, connect with experts, and elevate your mathematical journey. Become a Member About the MAA Resources Contact Stay up to date Email (Required) Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. linkedin instagram facebook youtube © 2025 Mathematical Association of America CLOSE