This website uses cookies
We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our website and use the findings from such analyses to improve the user experience. On certain pages we also use, after you have given your consent, cookies to personalise content, emails and ads, but only with your consent. You can allow installation of all cookies on your device or allow necessary cookies only. View our cookie statement.
Show details
Allow all cookies
Customize
Use necessary cookies only
Skip to main content
Nederlands
My UM
Education
Open Education
Research
Open Research
About UM
Open About UM
News & events
Open News & events
Search on the website
The European university of the Netherlands
Our education
Our research
At the heart of Europe, across borders, across disciplines. Here we work together on a better tomorrow.
About Maastricht University
Join our 50th Dies Natalis!
Working at Maastricht University
Calendar
More events
6th Global Citizenship Education symposium
Symposium

13
Jan
Protecting Democracy in Europe
Studium Generale | Lecture

19
Jan
Maastricht University's 50th Dies Natalis
Celebrate with us!

23
Jan
News and stories
More news and stories
The University Fund Limburg's new Annual Fund Campaign is live!
18 December 2025
Every year during the holiday season, the UM community comes together to uphold a special tradition: supporting projects that contribute to a healthier, fairer and more sustainable society.
From ‘mama’ to ‘farewell’
17 December 2025
What do we say at the start of our lives—and at the end? In his book Bye Bye I Love You, linguist Michael Erard from the Faculty of Law explores the story behind our first and last words.
Green school playgrounds boost concentration and wellbeing
15 December 2025
Children at schools with green playgrounds are better able to concentrate and display more social behaviour. This is the conclusion of a follow-up study within the long-running project The Healthy Primary School of the Future.
Ron Heeren appointed fellow of the Netherlands Academy of Engineering
12 December 2025
Professor Ron Heeren, distinguished university professor at Maastricht University (UM) and director of the Maastricht MultiModal Molecular Imaging Institute (M4i), was appointed as a fellow of the Netherlands Academy of Engineering (NAE) on 11 December.
“Studying is still often a privilege’’
11 December 2025
As the chair of Students for Equality, law student Milou Scholten campaigns for accessible education and equal opportunities for all students. “Everyone deserves the chance to study.”
UM chair Rianne Letschert nominated as informateur
9 December 2025
Rianne Letschert, chair of the UM Executive Board, has been nominated as informateur by the political party D66.
Go to previous slide
Go to next slide
Directly to
Faculties
Research institutes
Press
Find your way in Maastricht
Student support
Admission and enrolment
UM visiting address
Minderbroedersberg 4-6
6211 LK Maastricht
+31 43 388 2222
UM postal address
P.O. Box 616
6200 MD Maastricht
Social media
Bluesky
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
YouTube
Menu footer (EN)
Contact
Transparency & Accountability
Privacy & security
Support
Feedback