현재 계신 국가에 맞는 콘텐츠를 확인하거나 온라인 쇼핑을 하려면 해당 국가 또는 지역을 선택하세요.
대한민국
계속
Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
New
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Help Me Choose
Compare
Displays
Accessories
Tahoe
Shop Mac

Buy Mac with education savings.*Shop

Mac
Explore the lineup.
All products
Laptops
Desktops
Displays
MacBook Air 13” and 15”
M4 chip
sky blue
silver
starlight
midnight

Strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play, or create anywhere.

From $999 or $83.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
New 14” with M5
MacBook Pro 14” and 16”
M5, M4 Pro, or M4 Max chip
space black
silver

The most advanced Mac laptops for demanding workflows.

From $1599 or $133.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
iMac
M4 chip
silver

A stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity.

From $1299 or $108.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Mac mini
M4 or M4 Pro chip

The mini-est, most affordable Mac with mighty performance.

From $599 or $49.91/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Mac Studio
M4 Max or M3 Ultra chip

Powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows.

From $1999 or $166.58/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Mac Pro
M2 Ultra chip

A pro workstation with PCIe expansion for demanding workflows.

From $6999 or $583.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Studio Display

A 5K Retina display with stellar camera and audio.

From $1599 or $133.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Pro Display XDR

An advanced 6K XDR display for pro workflows.

From $4999 or $416.58/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Why Apple is the best
place to buy Mac.
Shop Mac
Pay over time, interest‑free.

When you choose to check out at Apple with Apple Card Monthly Installments.◊

Save on a new Mac with e⁠d⁠u⁠c⁠a⁠t⁠i⁠o⁠n⁠ ⁠p⁠r⁠i⁠c⁠i⁠n⁠g⁠.

Available to college students and educators.*

Join an online Personal Setup session.

Talk one on one with a Specialist to set up your Mac and discover new features.

Customize your Mac.

Choose your chip, memory, storage, even color.

Get flexible delivery and easy pickup.

Choose from two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup options.

Shop live with a Specialist.

Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions.

Explore a shopping experience designed around you.

Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop.

Get to know Mac.
Performance and Battery Life

Go fast. Go far.

Built for AI

Smart. Secure.
On device.

macOS a⁠n⁠d⁠ ⁠A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠I⁠n⁠t⁠e⁠l⁠l⁠i⁠g⁠e⁠n⁠c⁠e

Easy to use. Easy to love.

Mac + iPhone

Together they work wonders.

Compatibility

Mac runs your favorite apps.

Privacy and Security

Your business is nobody else’s.

Durability

Built to stand the test of time.

Apple Values

Our values drive everything we do.

Help me choose.
Answer a few questions to find the best Mac for you.
Get started
Switch to Mac.
Give us the old. Save on the new.

With Apple Trade In, you can get a great value for your current device and apply it toward a new one. If your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.7

See what your device is worth
Mac does that.

See how easy it is to switch to Mac.

Learn more
Mac essentials.
Mac accessories

Explore keyboards, mice, and other essentials.

Shop Mac accessories
Studio Display

The 27-inch 5K Retina display pairs beautifully with any Mac.

Learn more
Unlock the world of Apple.
Learn how Apple devices work better together
Mac and iPhone

Answer calls or messages from your iPhone directly on your Mac. See and control what’s on your iPhone from your Mac with iPhone Mirroring. Use Universal Clipboard to copy images, video, or text from your iPhone, then paste into another app on your nearby Mac. And thanks to iCloud, you can access your files from either your iPhone or your Mac. And so m⁠u⁠c⁠h⁠ ⁠m⁠o⁠r⁠e⁠.

Mac and iPad

Sketch on your iPad and have it appear instantly on your Mac. Or use your iPad as a second display, so you can work on one screen while you reference the other. You can even start something on your iPad — like a presentation or an email — and continue it on your Mac.

Mac and Apple Watch

Automatically log in to your Mac when you’re wearing your Apple Watch with Auto Unlock. No password t⁠y⁠p⁠i⁠n⁠g⁠ ⁠r⁠e⁠q⁠u⁠i⁠r⁠e⁠d⁠.

Mac
Explore Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
More from Mac
Mac Support
AppleCare
macOS Tahoe
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Better with iPhone
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
Apple Footer
* Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/us-edu/store.
** Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1⁠‑⁠8⁠0⁠0⁠‑⁠M⁠Y⁠‑⁠A⁠P⁠P⁠L⁠E, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See here for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of November 1, 2025, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 17.74% to 27.99%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (prepaid carrier plans are not supported): AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made at the following special storefronts or when using these discounts in-store at Apple: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.

To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.

Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank.

All communications from Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA about Apple Card (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Card can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings. If you reside in the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, or U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, please call Goldman Sachs at 8⁠7⁠7⁠-⁠2⁠5⁠5⁠-⁠5⁠9⁠2⁠3 with questions about Apple Card.


Software and content may be sold separately. Title availability is subject to change.
Testing conducted by Apple August through October 2024 using preproduction 16-inch MacBook Pro systems with A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠M⁠4⁠ ⁠P⁠r⁠o⁠, 14‑core CPU, 20‑core GPU, 48GB of RAM, and 512GB SSD. Wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to Wi-Fi. Video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in Safari while connected to Wi-Fi. All systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/batteries for more information.
Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115.
Available on Mac computers with Apple silicon and Intel-based Mac computers with a T2 Security Chip. Requires that your iPhone and Mac are signed in with the same A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠A⁠c⁠c⁠o⁠u⁠n⁠t using two-factor authentication, your iPhone and Mac are near each other and have Bluetooth and Wi-Fi turned on, and your Mac is not using AirPlay or Sidecar. Some iPhone features (e.g., camera and microphone) are not compatible with iPhone Mirroring.
Requires that your iPhone, with an active carrier plan, and Mac are signed in with the same Apple Account, your iPhone and Mac are near each other, signed in to FaceTime with the same Apple Account, have Wi‑Fi turned on, and are connected to the same network. An external microphone or headset is required for Mac Studio, Mac mini, and Mac Pro.
Handoff requires an iPhone or iPad with iOS 8 or later or iPadOS.
Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.
Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.
Some features require an Apple Account, compatible hardware, and compatible internet access or cellular network; additional fees and terms m⁠a⁠y⁠ ⁠a⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠y⁠.
Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see support.apple.com/108046.
Stellarium image of the M31 galaxy by Lee, Ang (HG731GZ). Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.

Apple
Mac
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple and Healthcare
For Government
Apple and Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Shop for State and Local Employees
Shop for Federal Employees
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain Innovation
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753).
United States
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map