Mac - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + MacBook Air MacBook Pro New iMac Mac mini Mac Studio Mac Pro Help Me Choose Compare Displays Accessories Tahoe Shop Mac Buy Mac with education savings. * Shop Mac Explore the lineup. All products Laptops Desktops Displays MacBook Air 13” and 15” M4 chip sky blue silver starlight midnight Strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play, or create anywhere. Learn more Buy New 14” with M5 MacBook Pro 14” and 16” M5, M4 Pro, or M4 Max chip space black silver The most advanced Mac laptops for demanding workflows. Learn more Buy iMac M4 chip silver A stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity. Learn more Buy Mac mini M4 or M4 Pro chip The mini-est, most affordable Mac with mighty performance. Learn more Buy Mac Studio M4 Max or M3 Ultra chip Powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows. Learn more Buy Mac Pro M2 Ultra chip A pro workstation with PCIe expansion for demanding workflows. Learn more Buy Studio Display A 5K Retina display with stellar camera and audio. Learn more Buy Pro Display XDR An advanced 6K XDR display for pro workflows. Learn more Buy MacBook Air 13” and 15” M4 chip sky blue silver starlight midnight Strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play, or create anywhere. Learn more Buy New 14” with M5 MacBook Pro 14” and 16” M5, M4 Pro, or M4 Max chip space black silver The most advanced Mac laptops for demanding workflows. Learn more Buy iMac M4 chip silver A stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity. Learn more Buy Mac mini M4 or M4 Pro chip The mini-est, most affordable Mac with mighty performance. Learn more Buy Mac Studio M4 Max or M3 Ultra chip Powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows. Learn more Buy Mac Pro M2 Ultra chip A pro workstation with PCIe expansion for demanding workflows. Learn more Buy Studio Display A 5K Retina display with stellar camera and audio. Learn more Buy Pro Display XDR An advanced 6K XDR display for pro workflows. Learn more Buy Why Apple is the best place to buy Mac. Shop Mac Save on a new Mac with e⁠d⁠u⁠c⁠a⁠t⁠i⁠o⁠n⁠ ⁠p⁠r⁠i⁠c⁠i⁠n⁠g⁠. Available to college students and educators. * Education Pricing Shop our Education Store and save. You can save on a new iPad, Mac, and more with Apple education pricing. It’s available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. * Learn more Join an online Personal Setup session. Talk one on one with a Specialist to set up your Mac and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. When you buy your new Mac directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these online sessions, a Specialist can guide you through setup and data transfer or focus on features that help you make the most of your Mac. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more Customize your Mac. Choose your chip, memory, storage, even color. Customize Your Mac Choose your chip, memory, storage, even color. Build the Mac that’s best for you. When you buy online at Apple, you can customize your Mac just the way you want. Whether you need an extra‑powerful chip, more memory, or additional storage, you can tailor any new Mac to suit your needs. Shop Mac Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose from two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. Delivery and Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free next‑day delivery, or convenient Apple pickup options. Learn more Shop live with a Specialist. Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions. Guided Video Shopping Shop live with a Specialist. We can help you choose the product you need while guiding you through the online Apple Store. You won’t appear on camera. Available 7 a.m.–7 p.m. PT. Shop together with a Specialist Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items, and track your orders. And opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. Download the Apple Store app Get to know Mac. Performance and Battery Life Go fast. Go far. Built for AI Smart. Secure. On device. macOS a⁠n⁠d⁠ ⁠A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠I⁠n⁠t⁠e⁠l⁠l⁠i⁠g⁠e⁠n⁠c⁠e Easy to use. Easy to love. Mac + iPhone Together they work wonders. Compatibility Mac runs your favorite apps. Privacy and Security Your business is nobody else’s. Durability Built to stand the test of time. Apple Values Our values drive everything we do. Help me choose. Answer a few questions to find the best Mac for you. Get started Switch to Mac. Give us the old. Save on the new. With Apple Trade In, you can get a great value for your current device and apply it toward a new one. If your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. 7 See what your device is worth Mac does that. See how easy it is to switch to Mac. Learn more Mac essentials. Mac accessories Explore keyboards, mice, and other essentials. Shop Mac accessories Studio Display The 27-inch 5K Retina display pairs beautifully with any Mac. Learn more Unlock the world of Apple. Learn how Apple devices work better together Mac and iPhone Answer calls or messages from your iPhone directly on your Mac. See and control what’s on your iPhone from your Mac with iPhone Mirroring. Use Universal Clipboard to copy images, video, or text from your iPhone, then paste into another app on your nearby Mac. And thanks to iCloud, you can access your files from either your iPhone or your Mac. And so m⁠u⁠c⁠h⁠ ⁠m⁠o⁠r⁠e⁠. Mac and iPad Sketch on your iPad and have it appear instantly on your Mac. Or use your iPad as a second display, so you can work on one screen while you reference the other. You can even start something on your iPad — like a presentation or an email — and continue it on your Mac. Mac and Apple Watch Automatically log in to your Mac when you’re wearing your Apple Watch with Auto Unlock. No password t⁠y⁠p⁠i⁠n⁠g⁠ ⁠r⁠e⁠q⁠u⁠i⁠r⁠e⁠d⁠. Mac Explore Mac Explore All Mac MacBook Air MacBook Pro iMac Mac mini Mac Studio Mac Pro Displays Compare Mac Switch from PC to Mac Shop Mac Shop Mac Help Me Choose Mac Accessories Apple Trade In Financing Personal Setup More from Mac Mac Support AppleCare macOS Tahoe Apple Intelligence Apps by Apple Better with iPhone iCloud+ Mac for Business Education Apple Footer * Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/us-edu/store . Software and content may be sold separately. Title availability is subject to change. Testing conducted by Apple August through October 2024 using preproduction 16-inch MacBook Pro systems with A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠M⁠4⁠ ⁠P⁠r⁠o⁠, 14‑core CPU, 20‑core GPU, 48GB of RAM, and 512GB SSD. Wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to Wi-Fi. Video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in Safari while connected to Wi-Fi. All systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/batteries for more information. Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115 . Available on Mac computers with Apple silicon and Intel-based Mac computers with a T2 Security Chip. Requires that your iPhone and Mac are signed in with the same A⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠e⁠ ⁠A⁠c⁠c⁠o⁠u⁠n⁠t using two-factor authentication, your iPhone and Mac are near each other and have Bluetooth and Wi-Fi turned on, and your Mac is not using AirPlay or Sidecar. Some iPhone features (e.g., camera and microphone) are not compatible with iPhone Mirroring. Requires that your iPhone, with an active carrier plan, and Mac are signed in with the same Apple Account, your iPhone and Mac are near each other, signed in to FaceTime with the same Apple Account, have Wi‑Fi turned on, and are connected to the same network. An external microphone or headset is required for Mac Studio, Mac mini, and Mac Pro. Handoff requires an iPhone or iPad with iOS 8 or later or iPadOS. Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. Some features require an Apple Account, compatible hardware, and compatible internet access or cellular network; additional fees and terms m⁠a⁠y⁠ ⁠a⁠p⁠p⁠l⁠y⁠. Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see support.apple.com/108046 . Stellarium image of the M31 galaxy by Lee, Ang (HG731GZ). Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  Apple Mac Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple and Healthcare For Government For Government Apple and Government Shop for Veterans and Military Shop for State and Local Employees Shop for Federal Employees Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain Innovation About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map