Macalester College We're sorry but this website does not work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Academics Toggle Navigation Menu Macalester College Our location amplifies everything Start Here About Macalester Request Information Visit Admissions Current Students - Find Help Make a Gift to Support Macalester Students Featured Stories More News Hats Off to Our December Grads Eighteen students received their diplomas at the winter commencement ceremony. View Gallery Ready to Apply? Early Decision II and Regular Decision applications are accepted through the Common App. There’s no application fee and we’re test optional. How to Apply More News Upcoming Events View Events Calendar 4 p.m. | 1.2 Men’s Basketball vs University of Wisconsin-Superior Event Details 11 a.m. | 1.17 Women’s Swimming & Diving vs St. Olaf College Event Details 1.22 Classes Begin Event Details View Events Calendar Our Location The Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis Just minutes from campus, students find a wide range of internship, research, cultural, and volunteer opportunities. Explore Our Cities An Academic Powerhouse The top-ranked liberal arts and sciences education at Macalester prepares students to think critically and creatively, expanding their opportunities and widening perspectives. Majors and Minors Experiences Beyond the Classroom Students at Mac nurture their talents, passions, and interests in endless ways. Student organizations, community engagement, athletics, and activism are just some of the ways students develop their skills and forge lifelong connections. Life at Mac Get to Know Mac Driven to make a positive impact, students at Mac are changemakers, innovators, collaborators, and explorers. Apathy is not in our ethos. Why Macalester Set your ideas in motion Apply Visit Macalester College 1600 Grand Avenue Saint Paul, MN 55105-1899 USA 651-696-6000 Follow Us Students: Find Help Maps & Directions Facts About Mac Academic Calendar Areas of Study Athletics Make a Gift Arts@Mac Library Contact Us Employment Opportunities Macalester College does not discriminate on the grounds of sex, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, genetic information, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, veteran status, sexual orientation, status with regard to public assistance, or other categories protected by law, in employment policies and practices, education, and all other areas of the college. For additional information, see Macalester College's full Notice of Non-Discrimination . Privacy Student Consumer Info Title IX © Macalester College 2025