Macmillan Education Homepage | Macmillan Education | Springer Nature Home Who We Are What We Do Work with Us Taking Responsibility Artificial Intelligence Contact Us Macmillan Education Empowering your students to shape their futures We strive to provide the highest quality books, tools and content for students around the world and to build strong partnerships with educators across our curriculum and language learning divisions. We introduce new methodologies, develop digital resources and provide sound teaching practice and pedagogy that inspire learners to achieve more. Macmillan Education is a global publisher with a regional focus. We have a local presence in over 120 countries and work closely with students, teachers, institutions and educational authorities to advance learning. Macmillan Education has stopped all publishing projects in Russia and Belarus. Read the statement . Discover more about our divisions Our business consists of two divisions: Language Learning produces content for English Language Teaching and some resources in Spanish and Chinese for certain regions, and Schools Curriculum creates curricula materials for countries around the world. Learn more Taking Responsibility Macmillan Education works with a global community of educators whose aim is to leave the world better than they found it by sharing knowledge and advancing learning. As a responsible business, we work to reduce our environmental footprint, to promote diversity and inclusion and to have a positive impact on the communities we serve. In 2019, we reduced the use of plastic in our teaching materials and donated over 97,000 textbooks to schools and universities in lower income countries. To find out more about our responsible business strategy, visit Springer Nature Group / Responsible Business ↗ Looking for a career? Macmillan Education offers a wide range of opportunities for talented and dedicated people at any stage of their career. You can discover jobs and career opportunities at our Springer Nature Group careers page. Springer Nature Group / Careers ↗ Part of Springer Nature Group Macmillan Education is part of Springer Nature Group, a global and progressive business that opens doors to discovery. Springer Nature Group ↗ Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Facebook Tweets by Macmillan ELT Our Company Who We Are What We Do Work with us Contact us Springer Nature Group ↗ Related Links Language Learning ↗ International Curriculum ↗ International Higher Education ↗ Pan Macmillan ↗ Contact us About us We are a global education publisher and part of the Springer Nature Group, a progressive business that opens doors to discovery. Corporate site  ↗ © 2023 Macmillan Education Limited. Part of Springer Nature Legal notice Terms and conditions Privacy policy Your Privacy Choices / Manage Cookies Accessibility