Macmillan Learning US | Digital Learning Tools & Classroom Solutions Skip to Main Content Instructor Site Student Store US CA Instructor Catalog Expand navigation Sign in // Register I'M AN INSTRUCTOR I'M A STUDENT 0 US CA Find what you need to succeed. Content Hub Content Hub back Blogs & Resources Events & Webinars Peer Consultants Discipline Discipline back Astronomy Biochemistry Biology Chemistry College Success Communication Economics Electrical Engineering English Environmental Science Geography Geology History Mathematics Music & Theater Nutrition and Health Philosophy & Religion Physics Psychology Sociology Statistics Value Digital Digital back Digital Offerings Achieve What's New in Achieve? E-books iOLab iClicker Inclusive Access Lab Solutions LMS Integration Curriculum Solutions Training and Demos First Day of Class Solutions Solutions back Administrators Affordable Solutions Badging & Certification Lab Solutions TradeUp News & Media News & Media back News & Media Our Story Our Story back Our Mission Our Leadership Learning Science Macmillan Learning AI Sustainability Careers Organizational Culture Accessibility Contact Us Contact Us back Contact Us & FAQs Find Your Rep Training and Demos First Day of Class Booksellers Macmillan International Support International Translation Rights Request Permissions Report Piracy Bring Learning to Life Fueling Success: Wherever Learning Happens Empower your teaching with digital tools and resources that provide impactful learning experiences and improve student outcomes , all designed to meet the dynamic needs of educators and learners. Instructors Explore powerful instructor tools and resources for your discipline. Browse by Discipline Astronomy Biochemistry Biology Chemistry College Success Communication Economics English Environmental Science Geography Geology History Mathematics Nutrition and Health Physics Psychology Sociology Statistics Students Resources and tools to support your unique learning journey. Student Store Achieve Sign in or set up an Achieve account. Sign into Achieve Academic integrity isn’t optional—it’s essential. Achieve + Respondus Integration, Now Available Strong assessments, now with more security. Pair quality assessments with the peace of mind of enhanced exam security. Try Achieve with Respondus Turn Your Class Into the Most Loved Course Achieve: Courseware Platform iClicker: Active Classroom Manager Proven to improve course performance and student success in and out of the classroom by fostering reflective thinking and effective study strategies. Improve Student Outcomes LearningCurve's adaptive quizzing personalizes the learning experience, resulting in improved exam scores and grades, particularly for first-generation students. Metacognitive Skills Development Goal-setting and Reflection Surveys promote critical thinking and self-regulation, resulting in improved performance and final grades. Foster Sense of Belonging Achieve creates an inclusive environment that fosters engagement and motivation, leading to higher persistence and graduation rates. Instructor Resources Hub Easily access everything you need for your course in Achieve. From assessment questions and test banks to tailored teaching materials, Achieve houses the best resources to support your teaching. Explore Achieve A dynamic, all-in-one active learning tool that improves learning outcomes through collaboration and active participation. Improve Classroom Engagement Instant polling and group work encourage students to share opinions and assess knowledge in real time. Promote Critical Thinking Peer discussions and group activities promote analysis, debate, and reflection, resulting in a deeper understanding of topics. Foster Accountability Automated attendance and in-class quizzes establish clear expectations, fostering accountability and ownership of learning. Simplify Classroom Management Easily organize activities, monitor progress, and implement active learning strategies, all from one platform. Explore iClicker The Impact of Learning Science Empower student success with evidence-based product experiences See the Research AI Tools to Help You Work Smarter, Not Harder Harness AI to foster meaningful learning experiences without losing the human connection, freeing you to focus on what matters most: inspiring student success. Generate Unique Questions Use iClicker’s AI Question Creator to save time and assess student understanding with tailored questions aligned to your teaching style and course content. Personalized Homework Support Achieve’s AI Student Tutor uses a Socratic approach to guide students through thoughtful questions and instant, tailored feedback. Professional Development Courses Take your teaching to the next level with professional development courses and peer learning community. Ensure Student Privacy We respect student privacy rights. Learn more about Macmillan Learning’s AI policies . Explore AI Tools Let’s Connect Whether you're looking to engage with your rep or find assistance, we're here for you. Find Your Rep Sign Up for Demos or Training Privacy Notice // Your Privacy Choices // Ads & Cookies // Terms of Use // Accessibility // AI Transparency Statement // Code of Conduct // Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement // Customer Support // Piracy // Site Map Student Pricing We are processing your request. Please wait...