Cart
Create a Quote
Your cart is empty
Subtotal
$0.00
plus Tax
Continue Shopping
Checkout
Select currency
Tired of watching progress bars?

Backup and recovery made simple – introducing Macrium Reflect X. Faster, smarter, and now supporting ARM systems

Buy Reflect X Home
Buy Reflect X Business
Free Trial
The Power of X
 
Macrium delivers powerful backup & recovery and deployment solutions for Windows systems. From home users to global enterprises, we ensure your systems and data are protected and recoverable when needed. Simple, fast, and reliable solutions that scale with your needs.
 
Up To 2x Faster Performance
 
Experience backup, imaging, and recovery operations up to twice as fast as Reflect 8, minimizing downtime and boosting efficiency.
 
Resumable Imaging
 
Never worry about interruptions again. Image creation seamlessly continues from where it left off, ensuring continuous protection.
 
Open-Source Accessibility
 
Our image file formats are now open source, offering full transparency and flexibility for your data recovery and system deployment.
 
Comprehensive Device Support
 
From traditional x86 systems to the latest ARM-based devices, we've got your entire fleet covered with optimized performance across all platforms.
 
Enhanced Backup Filtering
 
Tailor your backups and system images with precision, enhancing performance and optimizing storage utilization.
 
Air-Gapped Activation for Business
 
Streamlined offline license activation for all business license types, perfect for high-security and air-gapped environments.
Reflect X for Business
Reflect X for Home
Business Backup & Recovery
 
Backup data easily, restore data quickly, 100% reliably
Reduce Downtime
 
Cut recovery times by half, to regain control quickly and ensure smoother operations.
Optimize backup schedules to ensure data protection.
Maintain operational continuity across diverse environments.
Meet RTO and RPO Targets
 
Reliable and ultra fast recovery of your data to minimize disruption and loss.
Maintain protection without disrupting workflows or overextending resources.
More frequent backups, improves recovery point objectives.
Achieve Cost Efficiency
 
Reduce the risk of errors with an easy to use interface.
Resumable backups that work for the most network conditions.
Manage the widest range of systems running Window XP SP3 and later with a single solution.
Discover Our Business Solutions
 
Reflect X Time Saving Calculator
 
Quickly compare backup and restore times between the new Macrium Reflect X and the previous version Reflect 8 and see how Reflect X can save you hours.
Business
Home
Storage Set Up
Select Storage Media:
Number of computers to restore (1-100):
Data Size (GB) per Computer:
Cost of downtime per hour (USD):
Number of simultaneous restores:
Calculate Upgrade Savings
Wondering if an upgrade to Reflect X is worth it?
Our Time Saving Calculator shows how much time you could save during backup and restore operations by upgrading. We compare the performance of Reflect 8 and Reflect X based on data size and storage media, helping you make an informed decision.
Business Backup & Recovery
 
From critical computers to entire sites, protect systems and data
 
 
Backup & Recovery Solutions​
Business
Deployment
 
From individual deployments to scaled remote OS deployment
 
 
Deployment Solutions​
Personal Backup & Recovery
 
Trusted backup, cloning and recovery for your home computers and data
 
 
Discover Reflect X Home
Latest Blog Post
Latest Video
From Prevention to Recovery: Mastering Backup Strategies for Cyber Resilience | Macrium Webinar

Oct 31st 2025

When prevention fails, recovery matters. Ransomware doesn’t ask for permission. It tests your recovery plan. In this 30-minute...

Need Help?

Our dedicated Support Team are ready to help with any technical issues or problems with Macrium Reflect.

Currency for Pricing
Select currency

Copyright © Paramount Software UK Limited 2025 Macrium Reflect® is a registered trademark of Paramount Software UK Limited

Contact | Terms & Privacy Policy