MacStories - Apple news, app reviews, and stories by Federico Viticci and friends. Club MacStories Weekly newsletter, Discord, and other extras MENU ABOUT PODCASTS SHORTCUTS SETUPS IPAD PIXEL SECTIONS iOS 26 APPS STORIES DARK LIGHT AUTOMATIC Two Months with the Narwal Freo X10 Pro MacStories Selects 2025: Recognizing the Best Apps of the Year The MacStories Selects 2025 Lifetime Achievement Award This Week's Sponsor: Winterfest 2025 The Winter Festival Of Artisanal Software App Marketing: My Extended Q&A for Paul Hudson’s Everything but the Code → Linked By John Voorhees Earlier this year, Paul Hudson asked me to answer a few questions about app marketing for a book he was writing called Everything But the Code . The book is finished now , and it’s full of great advice from Paul and a long list of indie developers whose apps are some of MacStories’ favorites. Paul covers the entire process of making apps, from validating an idea to selling your app and beyond. The only thing he doesn’t cover, as the book’s title makes clear, is building apps, which is the subject of other books and courses he’s created. Paul was kind enough to ask me to share some insights on marketing apps to the press. You’ll find my contributions in the Prelaunch and Publicity and Aftermath and Evolution chapters, and now that the book is final, I thought I’d share extended versions of my responses with readers. Although the focus is on apps, I expect there are a few lessons here for anyone pitching their creative work to the world. So, here you go. Paul Hudson: What common mistakes do developers make when pitching their app to the press? Me: Most developers do a great job thinking through what they’re pitching but don’t spend enough time thinking about who they’re pitching to. I’d love to be able to tell developers do these five things, and you’ll have a pitch you can send to anyone, but it doesn’t work that way. Developers need to think about things like who at a publication typically covers certain types of apps. For example, if you know a publication has a musician on staff who has covered music apps before, that person should be at the top of your list if you’ve built a guitar tab app. However, that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t contact anyone else at the publication. People get busy, so don’t limit yourself. However, focus your efforts on the people who are most likely to be receptive to your app. It also pays to make things easy for the person you’re pitching to. Keep your pitch short and to the point, link to a press kit, beta, and other materials, and follow up closer to launch. A few other pitch pointers: Don’t wait to send your pitches until the last minute. Personally, I prefer getting pitches at least a couple of weeks in advance of a launch, so I can make the time for testing and writing about them. Don’t send pitches during WWDC, on Apple event days, or major holidays. Your pitch is much more likely to get lost in the shuffle on those days. You don’t need to ask if it’s okay to send a TestFlight link. If the person you’re pitching to isn’t interested, they won’t use it. It’s okay to copy multiple people at a publication if you’re unsure who to contact. Try to understand where a writer likes to be contacted. Email is probably the safest bet, but social media DMs might be better for some people. It’s okay to send follow-up reminders about your app launch. I personally appreciate them. Don’t expect app feedback from most press contacts. I let developers know when I find the kind of bug I’d mention in a review, but unfortunately, I usually don’t have time for much more than that. Don’t take it personally if you don’t get a response to a pitch. Remember, the people you contact are getting a lot of pitches. Don’t close down your TestFlight beta immediately after you launch your app. If a publication can’t get a story out to coincide with your launch, closing down your beta immediately so it can no longer be downloaded makes it less likely they’ll cover it post-launch. Don’t forget to include the name of your app in your pitch – yes, that happens. Read more WinterFest 2025: The Winter Festival Of Artisanal Software [Sponsor] By MacStories Team WinterFest 2025: The Festival of Artisanal Software is back with a fantastic new collection of carefully crafted software for writing, research, and thinking. Innovative software often comes from small teams, crafted with imagination and a vision of a better way to work. There are no bundles, games, or prices that are too good to be true: just fresh software with fantastic support at great, sustainable prices. Software artisans from around the globe have come together for this time-limited sale to bring you innovative apps to assist you with everyday work. This incredible catalog of productivity software includes: Avalanche : Photo catalog migration BBEdit : Power tool for text Bookends : The reference manager you’ve been looking for Cotypist : Type as fast as you can think (Free Beta) DEVONagent Pro : Your smart (re)search assistant DEVONthink 4 : Manage documents the smart way Easy Data Transform : Merge, clean, and reformat data without coding FindMySnap : Your private photo search engine Hookmark : Using links beats searching HoudahGeo : Know where every photo and video was taken HoudahSpot : Powerful file search HyperPlan : Flexible visual planner ImageFramer Pro : Add creative borders and frames to photos MailMaven : Take control of your email Panorama X : Collect, organize, and understand your data Peakto : Innovative AI-driven media asset manager Scapple : Quickly capture and connect ideas Scrivener : Your complete writing studio Thinking With Tinderbox : The definitive ebook Tinderbox : Visualize and organize your ideas and plans Tinderbox 101 : Learn to unleash your knowledge and insights Trickster : Your recently used files, at your fingertips Yojimbo : Your effortless, reliable information organizer These amazing deals don’t come around often, so act today to start 2025 off with the best software available from this terrific group of developers. Visit the WinterFest website to learn more about these amazing deals. Our thanks to Winterfest for sponsoring MacStories this week. Podcast Rewind: Apps in 2026 and The Best Handhelds of the Year By Devon Dundee Enjoy the latest episodes from MacStories’ family of podcasts: AppStories This week, Federico and John look ahead to 2026 and what it will mean for apps, smarter Siri, and more. On AppStories+, Federico and John update listeners on their latest app experiments and holiday hardware projects. NPC: Next Portable Console This week, Brendon, Federico, and John pick their top handheld consoles of 2025. On NPC XL, Federico, John, and Brendon share their HOTY Honorable Mentions and trends they expect for 2026. Read more Podcast Rewind: The 2025 MacStories Selects Awards, John’s Journey into Bazzite, Techy Clothes Shopping, and The Best Music of the Year By Devon Dundee Enjoy the latest episodes from MacStories’ family of podcasts: AppStories This week, Federico and John reveal the winners of the 2025 MacStories Selects Awards, which celebrate the exceptional design, innovation, and creativity of apps across the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple Watch. On AppStories+, John has some Apple Music discovery tips for Federico, and they reveal the iPhone features they don’t use. NPC: Next Portable Console This week, handhelds are shipping for the holidays, AYANEO makes a bold bet on a phone, a new Strix Halo tablet one-ups the ASUS ROG Flow Z13, and John dips a toe in the Bazzite waters. On NPC XL, Federico jumps into the Bazzite mini PC world, while Brendon is revisiting the iPod on handheld consoles. Comfort Zone Chris reflects on a big year of changes, Matt has turned his garage into a mini-factory, and the gang buys clothes, but in a techy way. On Cozy Zone, we draft fonts…for real this time! MacStories Unwind This week, Federico and John close out the year by sharing their favorite music of 2025. Read more OpenAI Opens Up ChatGPT App Submissions to Developers By John Voorhees Announced earlier this year at OpenAI’s DevDay , developers may now submit ChatGPT apps for review and publication. OpenAI’s blog post explains that : Apps extend ChatGPT conversations by bringing in new context and letting users take actions like order groceries, turn an outline into a slide deck, or search for an apartment. Under the hood, OpenAI is using MCP, Model Context Protocol, which was pioneered by Anthropic late last year and donated to the Agentic AI Foundation last week. Apps are currently available in the web version of ChatGPT from the sidebar or tools menu and, once connected, can be accessed by @mentioning them. Early participants include Adobe, which preannounced its apps last week , Apple Music, Spotify, Zillow, OpenTable, Figma, Canva, Expedia, Target, AllTrails, Instacart, and others. I was hoping the Apple Music app would allow me to query my music library directly, but that’s not possible. Instead, it allows ChatGPT to do things like search Apple Music’s full catalog and generate playlists, which is useful but limited. ChatGPT’s Apple Music app lets you create playlists. Currently, there’s no way for developers to complete transactions inside ChatGPT. Instead, sales can be kicked to another app or the web, although OpenAI says it is exploring ways to offer transactions inside ChatGPT. Developers who want to submit an app must follow OpenAI’s app submission guidelines (sound familiar?) and can learn more from a variety of resources that OpenAI has made available . A playlist generated by ChatGPT from a 40-year-old setlist. I haven’t spent a lot of time with the apps that are available, but despite the lack of access to your library, the Apple Music integration can be useful when combined with ChatGPT’s world knowledge. I asked it to create a playlist of the songs that The Replacements played at a show I saw in 1985, and while I don’t recall the exact setlist, ChatGPT matched what’s on Setlist.fm , a user-maintained wiki of live shows. I could have made this playlist myself, but it was convenient to have ChatGPT do it instead, even if the Apple Music integration is limited to 25-song playlists, which meant that The Replacements’ setlist was split into two playlists. We’re still in the early days of MCP, and participation by companies will depend on whether they can make incremental sales to users via ChatGPT. Still, there’s clearly potential for apps embedded in chatbots to take off. Our Final 2025 MacStories Setups Update → Linked By John Voorhees Our desk setups. Federico (left) and John (right). John : As 2025 comes to an end, Federico and I thought we’d cap off the year with a final update on our setups . We just went through this in November , but both Federico and I decided to take advantage of Black Friday sales to improve our setups in very different ways. Let’s take a look. My changes were primarily to my office setup. I’ve wanted a gaming PC for a long time, but I never had a good place to set one up. The solution was to go with a high-end mini PC, the GMKtec EVO-X2 , which features a Strix Halo processor, 64GB of RAM, and a 2TB SSD. It came with Windows installed, but after a few days, I installed Bazzite , an open-source version of SteamOS, which makes it dead simple to access my Steam videogame library. Two things kept me from getting a PC earlier. The first was space, which the EVO-X2 takes care of nicely because it’s roughly the size of the Mac mini before its recent redesign . The second and bigger issue, though, was my Studio Display. It’s an excellent screen, but it’s showing its age with its 60Hz refresh rate and 600 nits of brightness. Plus, with one Thunderbolt port for connecting to your Mac and three USB-C ports, the Studio Display is limiting. Without HDMI or DisplayPort, connecting it to other video sources like a PC or game console is nearly impossible. The GMKtec EVO-X2 mini PC, Switch 2, and 8BitDo Ultimate 2 controller So I also bought a deeply discounted ASUS ROG Swift 32” 4K OLED Gaming Monitor , which is attached to my desk using a VIVO VESA desk mount . I’d wanted a bigger screen for work anyway, and with its 240Hz refresh rate and bright OLED panel, the ASUS has been excellent. However, the ASUS display really shines when connected to my GMKtec and Nintendo Switch 2 . As I covered on NPC: Next Portable Console recently, the mini PC combined with a great monitor, which also allows me to stream games to my handhelds over my local network, was the missing link in my setup, delivering a flexibility I just didn’t have before. Along with the gaming part of my desktop setup, I updated my desktop lighting with two Philips Hue Play Wall Washer lights and a Hue Play HDMI Sync Box 8K , which casts light against the wall behind my desk that’s synced with what’s onscreen. In fact, the Sync Box 8K works with all the Hue lights in my office, allowing me to create a more immersive environment when I’m gaming. I’ve been using a handful of other accessories lately, too, including: an Anker C300 battery that has the capacity of roughly nine 10,000 mAh batteries, allowing me to charge multiple devices without thinking about whether my battery has enough charge, the Philips Hue Bridge Pro , an updated version of the bridge that connects the Philips Hue lights throughout my house, Kuxiu’s clever K1 Ultra Qi 2.2 battery pack , which can charge multiple devices quickly and act as an iPhone stand, Native Union’s Weighter , a paperweight-like accessory for preventing cables from slipping off your desk, and The MOFT Dynamic Folio , an iPad case that folds into a wide variety of configurations for propping it while working. That’s it from me for 2025, folks. Enjoy the holidays! Things will be a little quieter at MacStories over the next couple of weeks as we unwind and spend the time with family and friends over the holidays, but we’ll be back with lots more before long. Federico : For this final update to my setup before the end of the year, I focused on two key areas: audio and my living room TV setup. The biggest – literally – upgrade for me this month has been switching from my previous LG 65” TV to a flagship LG G5 77” model . I’d been keeping an eye on this TV for a while: it’s LG’s first model to use Tandem OLED technology, and it boasts higher brightness in both SDR and HDR with reduced reflections thanks to the new panel. I took advantage of an incredible Black Friday deal in Italy to buy it at 50% off, and we love it. The TV rests almost flush against the wall thanks to its compact design, but since it’s not completely flush, it allowed us to re-install our Philips Hue Gradient Light Strip behind it. Since I was in a renovation mood and I also wanted to future-proof my setup for the Steam Machine in 2026, I also upgraded to a Hue Bridge Pro and replaced my previous Hue Sync Box with the latest 8K edition that is certified for HDMI 2.1 connections. Speaking of gaming: as I discussed this week on NPC , I got a Beelink SER9 Pro mini PC and installed Bazzite on it to get a taste for SteamOS in the living room; this one will eventually be replaced by a more powerful Steam Machine. The other area of improvement was audio. I recently realized that I wanted to fully take advantage of Apple Music and Spotify’s support for lossless playback with wireless headphones, which is something that, alas, Apple’s AirPods Max do not support. So after much research, I decided to treat myself to a pair of Bowers & Wilkins Px8 S2 , which are widely considered some of the best Bluetooth headphones that you can buy right now. But you may be wondering: how do you even connect these headphones to Apple devices that do not support Qualcomm’s aptX Lossless or Adaptive codecs ? That’s where the BT-W6 Bluetooth dongle comes in. In researching this field, I came across this relatively new category of small Bluetooth adapters that plug into an iPhone’s USB-C port (they work on a Mac or iPad, too) and essentially override the device’s built-in Bluetooth chip. Once headphones are paired with the dongle rather than the phone, wireless streaming from Apple Music or Spotify will use aptX Lossless instead of Apple’s legacy SBC protocol. The difference in audio quality is outstanding, and it makes me appreciate the Px8 S2 for all they have to offer. While I was at it, I also took advantage of another deal for a Sonos Move 2 portable speaker ; we’ll have to decide whether this one will be permanently docked on my desk or next to a record player that Silvia is getting me for Christmas. (We don’t like surprises for each other, especially when it comes to furniture-adjacent shopping.) So that’s my update before we go on break for a couple of weeks. I can already feel that, when I’m back, I’ll have some changes to cover on the software front. But we’ll talk about those in 2026. Permalink Two Months with the Narwal Freo X10 Pro By John Voorhees In the depths of the pandemic, I bought an iRobot Roomba j7 vacuum. At the time, it was one of the nicer models iRobot offered, but it was expensive. It did a passable job in areas with few obstacles, but it filled up fast, had a hard time positioning itself on its base and frequently got clogged with debris, requiring me to partially disassemble and clean it regularly. The experience was bad enough that I’d written off robot vacuums as nice-to-have appliances that weren’t a great value. So, when Narwal contacted me to see if I wanted to test its new Freo X10 Pro , I was hesitant at first. However, I’d seen a couple of glowing early reviews online, so I thought I’d see if the passage of time had been good to robo-vacuums, and boy has it. The Narwal Freo X10 Pro is not only an excellent vacuum cleaner, but a mopping champ, too. Read more MacStories Selects 2025: Recognizing the Best Apps of the Year By MacStories Team John: 2025 was a different sort of year for apps, which is reflected in this year’s MacStories Selects Awards winners. App innovation comes from many places. Sometimes it’s new Apple APIs or hardware, and other times it’s broader shifts in the tech world. Supported By RevenueCat RevenueCat: The easiest way to add in-app subscriptions and native paywalls into your apps. Last year was marked by a series of App Store changes in the EU, U.S., and elsewhere that have begun to reshape the app landscape. The updates have been slow to roll out and have been met with resistance from Apple, but we’re starting to see policy updates, like developers’ ability to offer web-based purchases , translate into new business models, expanding the kinds of apps that are available. Political and regulatory pressures on Apple continued to affect the apps we use this year, too, but the lion’s share of the change we saw in 2025 came from more traditional sources. This year, it was great to see a surge in app innovation sparked by Apple Intelligence and other AI services , the Liquid Glass design language, and other new APIs and features from Apple. The result has been a broad-based acceleration of app innovation that we expect to continue into 2026 and beyond. But before looking ahead to what’s next, it’s time to pause as we do each year to reflect on the many apps we tried in 2025 and recognize the best among them. This year, the MacStories team picked the best apps in six categories: Best New App Best New Feature Best Watch App Best Mac App Best Design App of the Year Club MacStories members were part of the selection process, too, picking the winner of the MacStories Selects Readers’ Choice Award. And as we’ve done in the past, we also named a Lifetime Achievement Award winner that has stood the test of time and had an outsized impact on the world of apps. This year’s winner, which joins past winners: Transit Pixelmator PCalc , and Drafts is the subject of a special story that Federico wrote for the occasion. As usual, Federico and I also recorded a special episode of AppStories covering all the winners and runners-up. It’s a terrific way to learn even more about this year’s honorees. You can also listen to the episode below. And with that, it’s our pleasure to unveil the 2025 MacStories Selects Awards. Read more The MacStories Selects 2025 Lifetime Achievement Award By Federico Viticci Unread In the 16 years that I’ve been writing for MacStories, I’ve seen my fair share of new apps that have come and gone. Apps that promised to revolutionize a particular segment of the App Store were eventually acquired, discontinued, or simply abandoned. It’s been very unusual to witness an indie app survive in a highly competitive marketplace, let alone to find one that thrived after having been sold twice to different owners over the years. But such is the case of Unread , the RSS client now developed by John Brayton of Golden Hill Software and the recipient of this year’s MacStories Selects Lifetime Achievement Award . Supported By RevenueCat RevenueCat: The easiest way to add in-app subscriptions and native paywalls into your apps. Unread was originally created by indie developer Jared Sinclair in 2014, sold to Supertop (at the time, the makers of Castro ), and then sold again to Golden Hill Software in 2017 . When it first came out in 2014, Unread entered a crowded space: in the aftermath of Google Reader’s demise in 2013 , third-party companies and developers rushed to offer comparable RSS syncing services and compatible apps to let users sync their RSS subscriptions and read articles across multiple devices. In my original review from 2014 , I noted how Unread set a new standard for elegant, gesture-driven interfaces optimized for phones that were getting progressively larger and harder to operate with one hand. With a fluid and minimal interface driven by “ sloppy gestures ” that didn’t require precision or specific buttons, Unread stood out because it followed Apple’s then-new “flat design” but imbued it with personality in the form of typographic choices, colors, share options (Sinclair created a custom share sheet before an official one even existed ), and a novel interaction mechanism for an RSS reader. After a three-year stint as a Supertop product, Unread was taken under the wing of John Brayton, who did something exceptionally rare: instead of following short-lived industry trends and fads, he doubled down on Unread’s essence while judiciously embracing modern technologies. Eleven years after its inception and eight years after its second sale to a different developer, Unread still stands out in the third-party indie app market because it’s managed to honor its lineage while adapting to the ever-changing nature of the Apple ecosystem. Unread for iOS. Unread still is, at a fundamental level, an elegant and polished RSS client that syncs with multiple services and presents articles in a minimal, clutter-free UI that you can easily control with your thumb. Everything else around it, however, has evolved and expanded. Unread is now available on the iPad and Mac, where it supports features such as menu bar commands, windowing, and keyboard shortcuts. There is an Unread Cloud syncing service that is fully managed by its developer. Last year, Brayton shipped an incredibly powerful and custom Shortcuts integration that lets you trigger automations in the Shortcuts app from individual articles in Unread . This year, Brayton adapted to another new reality of the modern web: Unread can now securely store logins for paywalled websites – such as Club MacStories – so that all your articles that require a subscription to be read can be saved and accessed within the app. And in all of this, the modern Unread is both unmistakably the “same” app from 11 years ago, but also something far greater that has built upon Sinclair’s original idea thanks to the constant, relentless work of its current developer, John Brayton. If you’ve been reading MacStories all these years, you know that this is no easy feat. Most app acquisitions don’t work out in the end, leaving users with the bittersweet nostalgia of something that used to be great and was eventually swallowed up by the greater scheme of economic factors, app rot , technical debt, and App Store changes. Against all odds, Unread has successfully bucked that trend and evolved into a mature, powerful product that continues to stand alone in the sea of RSS clients as a beacon of hope for indie developers and our community as a whole. There is nothing else like it. For all these reasons, we couldn’t think of an app more worthy of the MacStories Selects Lifetime Achievement Award in 2025. Learn more about Unread: Website App Store MacStories Review Next page ABOUT MEMBERSHIP SPONSORSHIP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Acknowledgements Copyright 2025 MacStories, Inc. Find Federico on Mastodon Find John on Mastodon Find Alex on Mastodon Find Silvia on Mastodon Find MacStories on Mastodon All rights reserved. v4.5.9