Macworld - News, Tips & Reviews from the Apple Experts g English US Edition Edition English UK English US Mac iPhone iPad Apple Watch AirPods Vision Pro More Expand More Accessories Apple Apple TV Audio Security Software Best Picks Reviews Deals Opinion Rumors Newsletter Digital Magazine – Subscribe Digital Magazine – Info Smart Answers Skip to content Menu Mac iPhone iPad Apple Watch AirPods Vision Pro More Expand More Accessories Apple Apple TV Audio Security Software Best Picks Reviews Deals Opinion Rumors Newsletter Digital Magazine – Subscribe Digital Magazine – Info Smart Answers Type your search and hit enter g English US Edition Edition English UK English US HOT TOPICS M5 MacBook Air MacBook Pro M5 Pro & Max iPhone 17e Budget MacBook New HomePods New Mac Pro Best Mac antivirus Best Mac VPN As a Mac expert, these are the first 9 tweaks I recommend for every new MacBook I’m an iPhone expert. I always change these 10 settings first 2026 iPhone preview: 4 major changes that could transform Apple's lineup LATEST STORIES News Apple teases ‘something big’ coming to your devices in early 2026 Instagram post promotes ‘major moves’ for Fitness+ service. By Michael Simon 39 mins ago Feature Get hyped: 2026 will be a biug year in Mac release Next year could bring a redesigned MacBook, a new Studio Display, Apple's first touchscreen Mac, and Apple's first-ever budget model. By Roman Loyola 1 hour ago Updated Best iPad to buy in 2026: Which Apple tablet is right for you? Not sure which iPad to buy in 2026? Our complete guide breaks down the models – Air, Pro, mini, and standard – so you can pick the perfect Apple tablet for your needs. By Karen Haslam 3 hours ago Feature 2026 iPhone preview: 4 major changes that could transform Apple's lineup The iPhone line is going through a big multi-year shift, and it all gets started next year. By Jason Cross 20 hours ago Deal Keep your holiday haul safe with a 4-pack of AirTags for just $65 Amazon is selling a 4-pack for just $2 off its all-time low. By Michael Simon 22 hours ago How-To As a Mac expert, these are the first 9 tweaks I recommend for every new MacBook Snapped up a shiny new MacBook? Here are nine of the best things you should do first, from sorting out its apps to protecting your privacy. By Alex Blake 1 day ago How-To 10 things you need to do first with your new Mac Whether your new to Apple or just getting your first Mac, here's how to get started down the path towards being a power user. Configure your Mac with our guide. By Macworld Staff 1 day ago Updated Best iPad for Students in 2025: Our top pick Not sure which iPad to buy for school in 2026? Our student iPad guide breaks down the best models for notes, study, entertainment, budget – and explains how to save money. By Karen Haslam 1 day ago How-To Five tips to make you a Mac power user Here's what you can do to make your Mac experience immediately better. These will range from accessories to settings and tweaks that will improve usability. You’ll also find that you’re working more efficiently, saving time, and being more productive. By Thiago Trevisan 2 days ago News This Thunderbolt cable is unlike anything we've ever seen before CalDigit is selling the world's first Thunderbolt 5 cable in white. By Simon Jary 2 days ago Deal Get this M3 iPad Air with 5G for less than Apple charges for the Wi-Fi model Get a 13-inch screen and 5G for under $800 By Michael Simon 2 days ago Feature 2026 Apple preview Apple is reportedly set to bust into the smart home next year with a pair of two all-new HomeKit products. By Mahmoud Itani 2 days ago Feature I’m an iPhone expert. I always change these 10 settings first From essential first steps to pro-level tweaks, these are the things I do first every time I set up a new iPhone. By Filipe Esposito 2 days ago Updated Best iPhone to buy in 2026: How to choose the right model for your needs Confused by Apple’s lineup? Our 2026 iPhone buying guide breaks down the best models by needs, features, and budget so you can pick the perfect iPhone. By Karen Haslam 2 days ago Updated iPhone comparison chart 2026: Every iPhone compared to find the best Compare all current iPhone models in 2026, from compact and affordable to Pro and Pro Max, so you can choose the best one for your needs and budget. By Karen Haslam 3 days ago Updated Best Mac 2026: Every Apple Mac and MacBook compared We compare every current Apple Mac and MacBook to find the right model to buy in 2026, from everyday laptops to powerful workstations and budget desktops. By Karen Haslam 4 days ago Feature 2026 iPad preview: What to expect from Apple’s next tablet lineup Chip upgrades dominate Apple’s 2026 iPad roadmap, with modest changes across most models. By Filipe Esposito 5 days ago Feature Just got AirPods Pro 3? These 10 tips will turn you into an instant expert Depending on your needs and expectations, the default setup may not always be the best. By Mahmoud Itani 5 days ago Feature 10 incredible things you never knew your Apple Watch could do Your smartwatch isn’t just a fitness tracker—it’s a mini computer with loads of smart features. By Mahmoud Itani 5 days ago Best Picks Best MacBook for students 2026: How to choose the right MacBook or Mac MacBook Air or Pro? Find the best Mac or MacBook for students in 2026 with expert tips on performance, portability, student discounts, and study needs. By Karen Haslam 5 days ago More stories Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. POLICIES Expand POLICIES Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Editorial Independence Licensing & Eprints California: Do not sell my Personal Info ABOUT Expand ABOUT About Us Contact Us Advertise Ad Choices Foundry Careers Smart Answers More from Macworld Expand submenu for More from Macworld Macworld Sweden Macwelt Germany Subscribe Expand submenu for Subscribe Subscribe to the Macworld Digital Magazine Manage Subscription Newsletter Follow us on WhatsApp Copyright © 2025 FoundryCo, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network + PCWorld TechHive TechAdvisor Top Of Page Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Settings