Made With Intent | Real-Time Intent Agent for Ecommerce By clicking “Accept” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage and assist our marketing efforts. It's also required for live chat. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Deny Accept Use Cases Insights Discounting Product Discovery Feature Delivery Email Capture Abandon Emails Email Engagement Resources Customer Stories Intent Framework The Intent Gap Report Intent Maturity Scale Articles Contact Closing The Intent Gap Playbook Learn how brands are turning intent into a new growth lever (and how you can too). Intent In A Tent Intent In A Tent is back (and bigger) Join us in London on 24th Feb 2026, in the biggest tent we could find. Get A Demo Get A Demo Get A Demo Get A Demo ⛺ Intent in a tent! February 24th 2026, at the O2, London. Sign up now ⛺ Intent in a tent! February 24th 2026, at the O2, London. Sign up now ⛺ Intent in a tent! February 24th 2026, at the O2, London. Sign up now Real-Time Intent Agent for eCommerce More human context, more commercial impact Make your experiences more impactful by connecting them to your visitors’ intent. Find 9.4% incremental revenue on average. See Intent in action See Intent in action See a 24% uplift in intent to purchase Average increase across our customers Join the brands finding new growth with intent See Intent in action Get a quick walkthrough of what Made With Intent can do for you. The Problem Ecommerce growth is being held back by static rules and site-first data Visitor context is missing. What brands know about their visitors is based on attributes, page-level information and events that have already happened. Targeting options are limited. How brands trigger tactics is limited to blunt page, event or timing rules. They are disconnected from actual in-moment needs. Experiences are generic. Brands give all visitors the same predetermined experiences at the same moments. They don’t keep up with purchase journeys and get tuned out. The Solution Made With Intent gives you human context unlocking growth you couldn‘t see before Our agent interprets 800+ onsite signals in real time, just like how a sales assistant reads body language in-store. By triggering experiences on these signals, not static rules, it helps brands lift purchase confidence by 24% on average. Optimise Deliver your current tactics at more impactful moments Give your experiences the real-time context they’ve been missing. Simply create campaigns in our portal or connect to your tech through easy-to-use, guided workflows. Use intent to quickly find the optimal timing for tactics, then add impact to every session with smarter targeting. Use Cases Your experiences + intent = more impact Discounting Email Capture Product Discovery Feature Delivery Abandonment Emails With intent, you can only offer onsite discounts to visitors who need them. Why offer discounts to those who are going to buy anyway? Save an average of 42% on margin by not discounting would-be buyers, while still targeting those who need an incentive. Discover use case Discover use case With intent, you can ask for visitors’ emails at times where they are most likely to share it with you. Why only ask for an email via pop-ups when a visitor lands, visits 3 pages or hits 30 seconds? Get 40% more emails of better quality on average , just by asking in appropriate ways at the right times. Discover use case Discover use case With intent, you can surface the site features or products visitors need, right when they need them. Why have all the discovery tools, then just expect visitors to discover them? See 30% more product engagement by highlighting recommendations, filters and search exactly when your visitors need them. Discover use case Discover use case With intent, you can show your most relevant features at optimal moments, not when they add friction. Why show scarcity messaging to somebody who isn’t looking to buy? Get 10% more feature conversion by only prioritising tools like social proof, chat or reviews if and when they help a visitor's needs. Discover use case Discover use case With intent, you can only send abandonment emails to appropriate visitors and leave the rest alone. Why risk annoying visitors who are not ready to buy? Increase campaign impact by 65% on average , by only following up with visitors who showed intent but may not return on their own. Discover use case Discover use case Innovate Target the opportunities you are currently missing Your visitors shop in stages, not pages. Intent data lets you see this, so you can uncover overlooked value then target it with custom campaigns. Get insights into where your visitors need help through reports or integrations, then prioritise intent-first experiences to drive sustainable growth. Integrate Push visitor intent data  to the tools you use Add consistent, enhanced visitor context to your tests or insights, wherever you work. Push summaries or intent framework datapoints to your experience or data tech. See Intent Framework See Intent Framework 1 Script. 7kb. ISO27001 Certified Works on any eCommerce site Pricing based on sessions >10 billion modelled events No Core Web Vitals impact No PII No extra cookies 1 Script. 7kb. ISO27001 Certified Integrates with data tools Integrates with experience tech >10 billion modelled events No Core Web Vitals impact No PII No extra cookies Here’s how it works Get value from intent  in a matter of weeks Step 1 Connect & Learn Just add our script to your eCommerce site and you’ll have accurate, real-time intent data immediately. Our model will fine tune to your visitors in days . Check our Setup docs Check our Setup docs Step 2 Prove Value In the first month, we’ll help you understand intent data and launch your first experience in our Campaign Manager. By tracking impact vs a test or holdback, you’ll see ROI in 2-4 weeks. Explore our Help Centre Explore our Help Centre Step 3 Scale From there you’ll have everything you need to start scaling up intent. Our proven guides and expert team will be there to help you find new growth at every step. See our Intent Maturity Scale See our Intent Maturity Scale Why eCommerce teams love intent Read customer stories Read customer stories “Understanding and targeting customer intent has added well over £1m in incremental revenue in less than 6 months. It is our secret weapon.” Nick Glynne CEO & Founder Buy It Direct Group “We've driven a 2x increase in CRM contribution to booking numbers over the last couple of years. Made With Intent's data is a big part of that. Andy Webb Head of Customisation On The Beach "By using intent data to segment and target our audience in Klaviyo we doubled our email open rate, and saw a like-for-like increase in conversion value of 160%." Aaron Smedley Chief Digital Officer Le Chameau “We showed intent-based email capture to more people. More people were signing up. And more of those people were converting.” Calum Atkinson CRM Manager Bensons For Beds “Intent means we can see what customers are actually doing on site - browsing, researching or buying. Prioritising these signals helps us to improve sales, customer experience & lifetime value.” Jana Linder Senior Digital Trade Manager Seasalt Cornwall "Our discount strategy is reliant on Made With Intent and we've seen margin enhancement improvements of over 10% as a result." Jay Shufflebottom Trading Manager Buy It Direct Group 28% Increase in email signups by predicting exit intent Read their story Read their story 42% Saved margin by only showing discounts to visitors who need it Read their story Read their story 89% Conversion uplift using affinity-based discounts Read their story Read their story 6% increase in conversion for multi-session experiences Read their story Read their story 24% Revenue lift through targeted email capture Read their story Read their story More of the brands unlocking growth with intent Find new growth with Intent Move beyond predetermined experiences and plateauing performance. Respond to your visitors’ in-moment needs and add 9.4% incremental revenue on average. Get a demo Get a demo Use Cases Insights Discounting Product Discovery Email Capture Feature Delivery Abandon Emails Email Engagement Resources The Intent Gap Report Closing The Intent Gap Intent In A Tent Maturity Scale Intent Framework Articles Customer Stories Company Contact Privacy Policy Product Help Center Support +614 3029 1827 hello@website.com © Copyright 2025