Magic Labs | The fastest way to build onchain Docs Pricing Company Demo Login Start now Trusted wallet infrastructure Over 7 years of proven reliability and performance. Spin up wallets, trigger onchain actions, and stay compliant—all with one powerful, production-ready API. Start now Contact Sales 200K Developers 50M Wallets 18k Apps Enterprise-grade wallet infrastructure built for performance and scale Onboard and scale your users to millions. Magic offers a powerful API that combines wallet creation, transaction signing, and onchain automation into one seamless experience. Wallets on demand Provision wallets for users, agents, and everything in between all via API. Flexible auth Plug in custom auth or Magic native auth systems. Whitelabel UI Match the wallet experience to your brand, down to the pixel. Non-custodial Your users have full control of their digital assets. Customizable sharding Choose a setup that fits your security model: Magic-managed, self-hosted, or anything in between. Sub-second latency 50-100ms latency for creating wallets and signing transactions. Always-on infrastructure Infrastructure that just works with battle-tested reliability. Massively scalable Execute millions of signatures in just minutes, built for peak demand. Enterprise-grade security and compliance Magic leads the industry with secure scalability and performance. Our commitment to security and compliance is backed by industry-leading best practices, including SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001:2022, HIPAA, CCPA, and GDPR. Trusted hardware secured Keys are distributed and encrypted across isolated services. Both key reconstruction and signing occur strictly inside trusted execution environments (TEEs). Multi-layered resilience We isolate risk at every layer — keys, data, access — using secure enclaves, network encryption, and user provided encryption context to enforce least privilege. Battle-tested in production Operating since 2018, our infrastructure has been hardened by years of real-world usage. Integrate our API in minutes WALLET API 1 Get your API credentials Set up an account to get your API key and provider ID. 2 Make your first API call Create wallets programmatically with a simple HTTP request. 3 Scale to production Deploy with confidence knowing your infrastructure can handle millions of users. Go to Docs JavaScript COPY 01 const getOrCreateWallet = async ( ) => { 02 const res = await fetch ( "https://tee.express.magiclabs.com/v1/wallet" , { 03 method : "POST" , 04 headers : { 05 "Content-Type" : "application/json" , 06 Authorization : ` Bearer ${ "YOUR-AUTH-PROVIDER-JWT" } ` , 07 "X-Magic-API-Key" : "YOUR-MAGIC-API-KEY" , 08 "X-OIDC-Provider-ID" : "YOUR-MAGIC-PROVIDER-ID" , 09 "X-Magic-Chain" : "ETH" , 10 } , 11 } ) ; 12 const data = await res . json ( ) ; 13 return data . public_address ; 14 } ; Newton Protocol Led by Magic Newton Foundation and developed by Magic Labs, Newton Protocol is the first policy protocol designed to govern the new era of AI and assets such as stablecoins and RWAs, which require more compliance and composability than smart contracts allow. Learn More Verifies every onchain action taken by any entity is within predefined policy Handles complex logic and AI reasoning that intakes onchain & offchain data Composable across chains and apps, unlike smart contracts Preserves privacy Backed by the best Balaji Srinivasan Go live in minutes. Scale to millions. Start now Contact Sales About Blog Brand Assets Careers Contact Us Developers Docs Guides GitHub Pricing Resources Status Page Trust Center Whistleblower Hotline Compliance Security Social X Discord Farcaster Linkedin YouTube © 2025 Magic Labs, Inc. 548 Market St., PMB 31387 San Francisco, California 94104-5401 Privacy Policy | Terms of Service About Blog Brand Assets Careers Contact Us Developers Docs Guides GitHub Pricing Resources Status Page Trust Center Whistleblower Hotline Compliance Security Social X Discord Farcaster Linkedin YouTube © 2025 Magic Labs, Inc. 548 Market St., PMB 31387 San Francisco, California 94104-5401 Privacy Policy | Terms of Service © 2025 Magic Labs, Inc. 548 Market St., PMB 31387 San Francisco, California 94104-5401 Privacy Policy | Terms of Service About Blog Brand Assets Careers Contact Us Developers Docs Guides GitHub Pricing Resources Status Page Trust Center Whistleblower Hotline Compliance Security Social X Discord Farcaster Linkedin YouTube Manage Cookie Settings