The all-in-one platform for you and your gym to succeed | MAGICLINE Product Let's go! Why Magicline? Our software offers you everything you need for the individual success of your studio. Compare prices Find the pricing package that suits you and your studio needs. Get Magicline for free Create your free demo now and convince yourself of Magicline for 30 days, free of charge. Features Analytics Create course schedule Training world Finion Pay Lead management Time tracking Shift planning Support Help Center Visit our Magicline Help Center Marketplace Resources Knowledge hub Magicline Academy Get unlimited free access to our library of step-by-step courses and engaging videos. Blog Discover application examples of the software and benefit from exciting industry insights. Help center Here you will find all information about features and settings within your Magicline. Follow us Open platform Develop integration Learn how to develop integrations for Magicline as a developer. Become a Magicline partner Become an industry partner and offer your service within the Magicline. Did you know? Blog The Magicline Training World Blog How Lady's Gym doubled its membership Pricing Select language Deutsch English Français Get in touch Log in Start demo The platform with everything that you and your g y m need to get ahead No studio is like yours! You can therefore adapt everything to your needs within the Magicline Open Platform – with comprehensive fitness studio software, partner integrations and a large knowledge database. Get Magicline for free Get in touch Components / Menu / Icons / Dashboard / Default Dashboard Components / Menu / Icons / CheckIn / Default Check-in Components / Menu / Icons / Members / Default Members Components / Menu / Icons / Communication / Default Communication Components / Menu / Icons / Feedback / Default Feedback Components / Menu / Icons / Dashboard / Default Dashboard We are proud of more than 8,000 customers worldwide Your entire day-to-day studio operations in just one software More sales More time More diversity Increase sales with your members Your members ensure your success! With us, you have everything you need to successfully attract new members. Once a member, you can easily turn them into fans and retain them for the long term. Save time with efficient processes Your everyday studio life can be so simple: Magicline simplifies all your processes related to your studio, member and personnel management. You and your staff have more time for the really important things — your members. Offer an outstanding training experience Motivated trainers are what make your offer difficult to beat. If they are equipped with the best app for personalized training support directly on the floor, and you also offer your members the right member app, the training experience will be unbeatable. What our customers say about us „With Magicline we are finally up to date with the latest technology. We can now map all processes in our software and are therefore much more efficient." Wilhelm Schröter „By optimising the processes, our licensees save an enormous amount of time and can concentrate even more on their members." Benedikt Waldner „I think the way the Magicline team develops software is unique for our industry: agile, highest level technology, very customer-oriented and with powerful man power behind it." Dr. Björn Schultheiss „With Magicline, we have not only found a reliable partner for the important questions concerning digitalization, but in combination with MemberCash we have also been able to optimize our entire collection and dunning process for the long term." Markus Fritz „With Magicline, the topic of digitalisation has finally evolved from being a buzzword to a reliable factor in all my clubs that provides us immediate competitive advantages." Alexander Sosa From Analytics to Time Tracking Studio management Simplify the work of your employees on the floor with the trainer app Manage all leads daily in your lead overview Keep track of everything with time tracking and shift planning MySports Member Platform Customer retention services to keep customers long-term Member services for the perfect training experience of your members Sales services to boost your sales of vouchers, day tickets & Co Studio services like Member App and Studio Touchpoints for even more digital service Finance Simplify your contribution management with MemberCash Save time on reminders with our debt collection service Keep a close eye on your exact business figures in the analytics section And much more for your studio organization your staff management your member retention and acquisition Design your software as you need it Use integrations to customize your software exactly as you need it for your effective studio operation. In addition to the Magicline functions and in-house integrations, many partners such as Technogym, FaceForce, Gympass and many more are available to you. Open Marketplace More than just a software You want a successful studio, we'll take care of the everything needed. Magicline offers you lots of support and keeps you up to date with trends and news. Help center Are you looking for information on a specific feature or setting? Then you've come to the right place. Learn more Test Magicline Discover all the advantages of Magicline with your free 30-day demo version. Start demo Social media Get insights into our features, developments and news on our social media channels. Blog You can find more news and exciting application examples for the software on our Magicline blog. To our blog The Magicline Training World Read post How Lady's Gym doubled its membership Read post Developer portal Looking for help with creating your own Magicline integration? You'll find some answers here. Learn more Discover how you can become unbeatable with Magicline! Get Magicline for free Get in touch The best gym management software for you Software Contact Help Center Status Data protection & IT security Report a security problem Network Sport Alliance Blog Jobs with Magicline Connect Partners © 2025 Sport Alliance GmbH Imprint Privacy Cookies GTC DPA