Free, Reliable Email for Everyone - Mail2World Get free account Services Features Pricing Business solutions FAQs Sign in Get The Best Email Experience. Personalized email service that's as unique as you are. Get free account Available for your phone, your computer and your watch. Learn more Sign In C onnect. Org a nize. Sha re . Mail2World simplifies your life, with a central place to access, organize, and share emails, contacts, calendar events and files. Mail Manage multiple accounts under one roof. Email overload is a thing of the past! Contacts Organize your personal and business contacts. Create groups and mailing lists. Calendar Plan events and set your schedule. Create private, shared or public calendars. Drive Store and share your important files. Send large files as links. Learn more Why sign up? The last email service you'll ever need. Convince yourself FREE! Enjoy a free suite of services designed to help you be more productive, all from your inbox. 25 GB cloud storage With up to 25 GB of free space, you can back up all your important files - even your not-so-important ones too. Unique @mail2 domains Stand out with your email address.  Choose one from our 2000 domains - from @mail2art.com to @mail2cool.com - to suit all your needs. Secure, reliable, and protected Our top-notch filtering keeps your inbox virtually free of spam and other cyber threats.  Our 100% uptime guarantee gives you 24x7 secure access to your data. Your email can really go places. Featuring an elegant, responsive design, the mobile app makes reading and sending email across multiple accounts and devices a breeze. Clean navigation Beautiful, flat design for a sleek and usable interface that focuses on what's important - email. Fast response With smart features like pre-loading, caching and auto-detection, the app retrieves your emails in lightning fast speed. All account in one Manage emails from Exchange, Gmail, Outlook (Hotmail), Office 360, Yahoo! Mail, AOL, iCloud or any other IMAP server. Unified folders Combine emails from all of your accounts into a unified mailbox with smart folder or view each account separately.  It's your choice. Smart search Find any email, contact or attachment quickly and accurately in all accounts wether it's stored locally or in the cloud. Smart push notifications Customize notification sounds, importance, quite hours, specific sender, or specific folder  to match your lifestyle. Quick filters Aiming for Inbox Zero?  Then use the app's handy filters to sort or display emails the way you want them. Email superpower Use cutting-edge email tools like snooze email, send email later, unsend email and quick reply to fly through your inbox. Learn more Awesomness everywhere! Our apps are availabe for iPhone, iPad, Android smartphones and tablets,
                        Apple Watch, Android Wear and all popular Web browsers. Live updating and sync Your emails, contacts, calendars, and files update and sync in real-time across your devices. Handy offline access Read, respond to, and search your emails even when you aren't connected to the Internet. Webmail like no other. Mail2World Webmail is powerful enough to be your everyday — every email — messaging app. In addition to robust email capabilities, it also seamlessly integrates with our other services to help you communicate more effectively.. Smart Inbox Advanced filtering Schedule emails Drag-n-drop emails More Cloud storage maximized. Mail2World Drive is the best secure place in the cloud to store, manage, and share your photos, videos, music and documents.. Organize in folders Share files Drag-n-drop files Edit images online More Calendar plus. Mail2World Calendar is the perfect personal and business set of tools to stay organized. The online Calendar's flexible layout and myriad of features ensure you stay on top of your schedule. Multiple calendars Shared calendars Event reminders Drag-n-drop events More More power. More features. Take your inbox to the next level with Mail2World Premium. Best of all, everything works with your existing @mai2 account. There's no switching or hassle! Basic Free Get started 25 GB of space Mail, Contacts, Calendar and Drive Secure access (SSL) Sync across all devices 100's of useful features Online Support Center Become a premium user to benefit from exclusive features. Once you sign up as a free user, you can easily upgrade your account. Premium Only $ 29 99 /yr Buy now Everything in Basic 1 TB (1,000 GB) of space Ad-free inbox (all devices) POP, IMAP and SMTP Microsoft Outlook Connector Advanced spam protection Full-text search Email scheduling Vacation responder Auto email forwarding Multiple aliases Premium support 30-day money back gurantee.  You can cancel or downgrade at any time. Own a business? Millions of people and thousands of businesses trust Mail2World with their email.  Find out more about our robust, secure and scalable hosted cloud email solutions by visting our business website. Find out more Enterprise-level Email Follow us English (US) Apps Services Webmail Contacts Calendar Drive Features Mobile Web Solutions Premium Business Enterprise Service Providers Education Company About Us Press Privacy Terms Support Help Center Service Updates Service Status Quick links - Create free account Go Premium! Sign in ©2000 - 2025 Mail2World, Inc. All rights reserved.  Trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.