Search
Support
Documentation
English
Pricing
Platform
Solutions
Resources
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started

EMAIL MARKETING SOFTWARE & EMAIL API

The best email marketing software that’s built for devs and loved by marketers

With reliable deliverability, built in GDPR compliance, and drag-and drop email templates, teams design, deliver, and automate marketing & transactional emails. Together.

Get Started
Contact Sales
Join 100,000+ customers around the world who trust Mailjet

DESIGN THE WAY YOU WANT

Easy-to-use email editor for any skill set

Design responsive emails, forms, and landing pages in minutes with Mailjet. Choose your starting point – a blank canvas, a variety of pre-designed templates, or innovate your email with AI.

Simple enough for beginners but advanced enough for the pros on your team!
Add your brand content, design values, images, links, and videos with Mailjet’s flexible drag-and-drop Email Editor.
Feel confident to hit send– Mailjet templates are optimized across all email clients and screens.
Start Designing
Learn More

BUILD EMAILS TOGETHER

Streamline your email needs and collaborate

Reduce time spent on email campaign creation, execution, and management through a seamless consistent experience that will have you sending out emails faster.

Create emails with your team directly in Mailjet’s Email Editor with robust collaboration tools.
Start with one user and add/collaborate with your team as needed.
Set your permissions and lock specific actions on your templates so your brand assets are protected.
Start Collaborating
Learn More

DESIGN LIKE A PRO

Templates that make you stand out

Get started with one of Mailjet’s professionally designed email templates.

Take-advantage of our template library filled with thousands of already built emails and forms.
Easily adapt your templates to reflect your brand’s identity in a single click with Brand Kit.
Start Designing
Learn More

PERSONALIZED AND TARGETED EMAILS

Professional marketing features for your most effective communications
Personalization
Drive personalized and targeted communications. Use Dynamic Sections to send a single campaign that displays different messages depending on who opens it.
Segmentation
Group subscribers with similar interests and behaviors to send customized and personalized messages. Collect deeper insights with each send.
Automation

Engage your audience at the right moment with the right message – from onboarding to re-engagement, with Mailjet’s drag-and-drop automation builder. Automate key touchpoints, save time, and optimize campaigns in real time – no technical skills required.

A/B Testing
Send your most effective emails by running tests on things like sender name, subject line, or visual content. Test up to 10 versions and see what lands best.
Contact Management
Manage your email lists seamlessly, modify individual contact properties for personalized campaigns, and easily create subscription widgets for GDPR compliance.
Email validations
Increase open rates, avoid the spam folder, and in turn, increase revenue by ensuring that email addresses on your list are real and valid before pressing send.
The trusted platform for email delivery
100+ 5 star reviews
250+ 5 star reviews
2000+ 5 star reviews

GET IN THEIR INBOX

Expert approved deliverability tools

Beautiful emails only mean something if your customers actually get them. Manage your sending reputation and avoid the spam folder with Mailjet’s deliverability features.

Integrate with our API in minutes and start sending.
Use email validations to feel confident that you’re sending emails to real recipients.
Preview your messages with our Email Preview tool, to make sure your emails will appear perfectly in their inbox.
Start Sending
Learn More

ACTIONABLE INSIGHTS

Precise deliverability and engagement stats in real-time

Track, monitor, and analyze your email deliverability performance and customer engagement in real time.

Filter out non-human interactions from your analytics to get a more accurate overview and make better, more strategic decisions.

Make data-driven decisions about your email campaign strategy with Mailjet’s Statistics Dashboard.

Use Mailjet’s Click Maps feature and our Campaign Comparison tool to gain a deeper understanding about your customers.
Start Tracking
Learn More

SEAMLESS CONNECTIVITY

Third-party Integrations made easy

Instantly connect with the rest of your tech stack.

Choose from a curated and extensive list of third-party integrations that work  seamlessly with Mailjet.
From CRM and CMS to marketing and ecommerce platforms, you can fully customize your email program to fit your brand’s unique needs.
Get Started
See All Integrations
Boost your email performance with generative AI

Email Template Generator and Mailjet Assistant are powerful tools designed to enhance our customers’ email marketing. You can automatically generate pre-branded templates and tailor subject lines and copy to boost open rates, click-through rates, and overall campaign effectiveness. All while saving valuable time and resources for marketing teams.

1. Seamless integration

Access the Email Template Generator through the Marketing Template Gallery and Campaign Workflow – simply provide campaign details, and AI will craft a professional email in seconds. For fine-tuned messaging, use Mailjet Assistant effortlessly via a button on the fly-out panel within the Email Editor. Create compelling emails with ease, all in one place!

2. Multilingual support
3. Tone flexibility
4. Audience personalization
5. Character count control
Get Started
Learn More
We send about a million emails everyday now. As a result, it's really important to get the newsletter out quickly, and Mailjet has helped us improve both our sending speed and deliverability. The best part about working with Mailjet is that I don't have to think about it, it just works.
Nick Abouzeid
Editorial & Growth
Email made easy.
Create beautiful, responsive emails in minutes.
Get Started
Contact Us
Talk to an expert
Subscribe to the Mailjet newsletter

Send me the Mailjet newsletter. I expressly agree to receive
the newsletter and know that I can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Follow us
Trusted & certified
Platform
Feature Releases
Integrations
Email API
Email Marketing
Email Editor
MJML
Real-Time Collaboration
Email Personalization
Email Deliverability Services
Data Security & Compliance
Resources
Customer Stories
Help Center
API Documentation
Service Status
FAQs
Road to the Inbox Report
Blog
Sitemap
Company
About Us
Careers
AI Info
Mailgun
Email on Acid
Sinch
Contact Us
Try for Free

Copyright © 2025 Mailjet All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy DPA