Website Builder: Create a Free Website | Mailchimp Skip to main content This holiday season, unwrap new Mailchimp features that help drive sales. See what's new. Solutions and Services Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Websites Create your branded web presence Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Reporting and analytics Track sales & campaign performance Audience management Target and segment customers AI marketing tools Say hello to your AI growth assistant Content creation tools Build content that captivates and converts Lead generation platform Grow your audience with high-quality leads See all features See all our product offerings in one place For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrations Integrations See 300+ Integrations Most Popular Most Popular Shopify WooCommerce Canva Zapier Square Wix Squarespace Stripe Salesforce LinkedIn Wordpress Facebook Your Tech Stack E-commerce Analytics Booking & Scheduling Loyalty Subscription management Customer service Forms & Surveys Developer tools Content For Developers Getting started Developer guides API docs Webhooks Resources Resources See all resources Learn with Mailchimp E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Start Free Trial Log In Start Free Trial Hi, %s Account Audience Campaigns Account Log Out Mailchimp Home Log In Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Solutions and Services Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Websites Create your branded web presence Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Reporting and analytics Track sales & campaign performance Audience management Target and segment customers AI marketing tools Say hello to your AI growth assistant Content creation tools Build content that captivates and converts Lead generation platform Grow your audience with high-quality leads See all features See all our product offerings in one place See what’s new For your industry Back Close Main Menu For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrations Back Close Main Menu Integrations Most Popular Back Close Main Menu Most Popular Shopify WooCommerce Canva Zapier Square Wix Squarespace Stripe Salesforce LinkedIn Wordpress Facebook Your Tech Stack Back Close Main Menu Your Tech Stack E-commerce Analytics Booking & Scheduling Loyalty Subscription management Customer service Forms & Surveys Developer tools Content See 300+ Integrations For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Getting started Developer guides API docs Webhooks Resources Back Close Main Menu Resources Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email See all resources Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Audience Campaigns Account Log Out Mailchimp Home Log In Start Free Trial Log In Log In Start Free Trial Website Builder Create a website for free Design and simplicity are at the core of our website builder. Easily create, customize, and promote a stunning website that's search engine ready all on your own with the power of Mailchimp’s platform. Start Building For Free Brilliant web design, simplified Our website builder helps bring your unique vision to life—no design or code experience required. Create a customizable, mobile-optimized website within the hour. All you need to start is a domain name and a vision for your website. If you're building a small business website, online store, or otherwise, Mailchimp can simplify the process. Curate your look and feel It's easy to build a beautiful site by applying one of our pre-designed color palettes and themes in just a few clicks. Ease-of-use is at the forefront of our website builder. You can even tailor your color palette to your brand for a professional-looking website template. Start styling Customize your new website layout Mailchimp's website builder has pre-built, professional layouts for every section, so you can quickly change the structure of your site as much as you like without any coding knowledge. Start building your own website See your edits in real time Edit, add a section, resize images, and undo it all right from the page—so you don’t have to leave the editor to make changes. We've made building your own website as easy as possible so that you can integrate your business successfully. Start refining Promote your site and build an audience with our all-in-one platform We help you establish your brand, look like a pro, and rise the ranks of search engines using our easy-to-use website builder. Customize your website on a no-code platform so that you don't need to hire anyone else to help. Reach more people with your Mailchimp website Grow and engage a bigger, higher quality customer base with intelligent tools that speak to an interested audience when they’re most willing to listen. Built-In Forms Capture the attention of your website visitors with a custom pop-up form. Learn more Behavioral Targeting Send personalized emails to visitors based on how they interact with your site. Learn more Reports And Analytics Use free reports to track the performance of your pages and refine as you go. Learn more With Mailchimp, you can create and publish a stunning website in under an hour. “As a brand new startup, we used Mailchimp's website builder to get our story and business online quickly and easily. This intuitive builder makes trying out new ideas and adding updates straightforward and uncomplicated.” Dr. Julie Durnan, Founder of The Ginger Agency Decide if Mailchimp is right for you Check out how our website builder tools stack up against the competition. See How We Rate Explore all the ways you can build a more effective website How to Make a Website: A Guide for Building Your Website Website Design Tips for Non-Designers A Checklist for Better Website SEO How to Create a Homepage That Drives Clicks FAQs Can you build a website on Mailchimp? Yes, you can build a website using Mailchimp. Our website builder is free to use and can help you create an attractive site for your business or online store. All sites are responsive and mobile-optimized, so you can ensure visitors have a positive experience with your brand. You can even add appointment scheduling to create and manage appointments and use built-in marketing tools to boost traffic and sales. Which website builder is best for Mailchimp? Ultimately, the best website builder is one that meets your specific business needs. With Mailchimp, you can build your website and promote it using one single marketing platform for free . What is a website builder? A website builder is a tool that allows you to create a website regardless of your experience. Many website builders use drag-and-drop functions, allowing you to customize your site any way you like. While there are several builders to choose from, Mailchimp provides you with exclusive features, including: Marketing CRM Paid and organic social posting Site-level reporting Unlimited landing pages And more How to integrate Mailchimp with a website? In addition to helping you build a website, we also provide intelligent marketing tools to ensure it attracts the right audience. From built-in signup and pop-up forms that engage visitors to behavioral targeting, growing your customer base has never been easier. If you already have an existing website, you can integrate Mailchimp by heading over to the Integrations page and clicking Manage under the Integrations tab. How to build a business website? To build a business website with Mailchimp, you have to first map out your site and determine the structure. You can create as many pages as you want with our website builder. Here are a few important pages to include: Home page Contact Us About Us Product/service pages Pricing page Then, you’ll choose the best template for your business. We provide you with a wide range of customizable themes, fonts, and color palettes to make this process easy. Once you’re done building and optimizing your site, you can publish it. How long does it take to build a website? With Mailchimp, you can build and publish a website in under an hour. Whether you’re a busy business owner or bustling entrepreneur, our free web builder provides you the tools to create a stunning website in no time. Even if you don’t have coding or design experience under your belt, you can grow your business and online presence with a well-made, professional site. How can I build my own website? You can build your own website using our customizable website builder. Choose from several pre-designed themes to begin the design process. Then, change the layout to create a website unique to your brand. Plus, you can see all your edits in real time and don’t need design or coding experience. You’ll also have access to millions of high-quality stock photos, so you don’t have to spend hours taking the perfect photo and uploading it to your site. Ready to start building your new site? Launch your website right away. Start Building For Free Related Links: How to Build a Great Website How to Build a Website from Scratch with No Experience Website Builder Products Why Mailchimp? Product Updates Email Marketing Websites Transactional Email How We Compare GDPR Compliance Security Status Mobile App Resources Marketing Library Free Marketing Tools Marketing Glossary Integrations Directory Community Agencies & Freelancers Developers Events Company Our Story Newsroom Give Where You Live Careers Accessibility Help Contact Us Hire an Expert Help Center Talk to Sales Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Check it out This page is now available in other languages. English Español Français Português Deutsch Italiano ©2001-2025 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences