Email tracker for Gmail — Mailsuite Mailsuite Mailtrack Features Insights Email Tracker Document Tracking Follow-up Reminders Email Analytics Mobile Add-on Mailsuite App for Android and iPhone Mailsuite for Outlook Outreach Mass Email Mail Merge Templates Screen Recording Document sharing Document Tracking Secure Document Sharing Confidential Watermark Signature Request CRM CRM for Gmail Pricing Download Chrome Extension Outlook Add-in Android App iOS App Resources Sign PDF online Blog FAQs Signature Generator Screen Recording Tutorials Testimonials Mailtrack Features Insights Email Tracker Document Tracking Follow-up Reminders Email Analytics Mobile Add-on Mailsuite App for Android and iPhone Mailsuite for Outlook Outreach Mass Email Mail Merge Templates Screen Recording Document Sharing Document Tracking Secure Document Sharing Confidential Watermark Signature Request CRM CRM for Gmail Pricing Download Chrome Extension Outlook Add-in Android App iOS App Resources Sign PDF online Blog FAQs Signature Generator Screen Recording Tutorials Testimonials Sign in Install Mailsuite Email Tracker for Gmail Know when your emails are opened Install Email Tracker >> +11.3K reviews Trusted by +2M users Used by professionals at Grant Stead Owner at Stead Global I love the product you built. It's pretty awesome. I've talked to a lot of people about it. It definitely transformed the way I send and use email. Matt Bottoms Director at Scottsdale Christian Academy I don’t have to wait around for days to wonder if a response is coming or if the email has not even been received due to an address error. Jannet Skeelsm Realtor at United Real Estate Solutions, Knoxville I am realtor it’s very important for me to see when my clients open emails I sent. I think anyone who needs a tracking system will find this one exceptional. See more reviews Mailtrack® for Gmail Know when your emails are opened with Mailtrack ®. See what happens after you hit send. With Mailtrack®’s email tracker, you can track who opens your emails, clicks on your links, and access email metrics to improve deliverability and productivity. Learn more about Mailtrack® Campaigns Send 10,000 emails at once from your Gmail at the optimal time, with email tracking capabilities. Schedule your campaigns to send at specific times and save time, improve accuracy, and increase engagement rates. Sending from Gmail guarantees higher deliverability and open rates for your email campaigns and newsletters. Learn more about Mass Email Mail merge Mail merge is useful when you need to send the same message to many people but with slight personalization using recipient data (name, email address, company name...) imported from a Google Sheet. Mail merge with email tracking increases engagement and response rates for marketing, sales or communication purposes. Learn more about Mail Merge Signature request Send a signature request directly from Gmail, track the status of the request, and get notified when the document is signed. Avoid the hassle of downloading and switching between multiple apps. Mailsuite simplifies the signature request process for both senders and recipients and tracks each email from start to finish. Learn more about Signature Request Secure document sharing Increase your security and enjoy peace of mind. Share sensitive or confidential documents while ensuring that the information remains private and can only be viewed by authorized individuals. Enable email tracking with access controls, expiration dates, and other security measures. Learn more about Secure Document Sharing Document analytics Measure engagement to improve the effectiveness of your documents. Identify data and metrics that show how your documents are accessed, viewed, and used (number of views, time spent on each page, etc). Determine which parts of your document are most engaging and which may need improvement. Learn more about Document Analytics Email productivity By tracking email productivity metrics, you can gain valuable insight into your email management practices, set goals for improvement, and measure your progress. This can ultimately help you manage your email more efficiently and effectively. Learn more about Email Productivity Follow-up Follow-up features help you build and maintain better relationships with your contacts. Notifications and reminders based on email tracking insights let you know when it's time to get back to a previous email or conversation. This way you can manage important tasks and make sure you do not forget to follow up with important contacts. Learn more about Follow-up Reminders Choose the plan that best fits your needs Monthly Yearly save 16% Sales tax and VAT may apply See all plan features And many other features Unlimited email tracking Track as many emails as you need, with full details on when and how often they are opened. Individual tracking in group emails Know exactly who opened your emails when sent to multiple recipients. Full email tracking history Access a complete log of email opens and link clicks over time. Real-time open and click notifications Get instant email and desktop alerts when someone opens your email or clicks a link. Follow-up reminders Get notified if an email hasn’t been opened or replied to within 24–72 hours. Open Spike Alerts Get notified when an email is opened multiple times in a short period, signaling strong interest. Email Revival Alerts Receive alerts when an old email is reopened after a certain amount of time. False open prevention Avoid self-opens being counted when you check your own emails. Privacy and Security Center Mailsuite and Mailtrack services are trusted by more than 116,000 paying subscribers and companies around the world. Read more As featured in Get started and join more than 2,000,000 happy Mailsuite users Install Email Tracker For Free>> Sorry, you can’t downgrade to a lower plan than what you have currently. More information Close Mailsuite About us Contact Team Branding Careers Press Features Email Tracker Mail Merge Mass Email Email Analytics Document tracking Secure Document Sharing Confidential PDF Watermark Signature Request Mailsuite for Outlook Mobile Add-on Mailsuite App for Android and iPhone Email Templates CRM for Gmail Screen Recording Follow-up Reminders Solutions Startups Lawyers and Attorneys Freelancers HR Teachers and Professors Real Estate Marketers Small Business Sales Professionals Accountants Mailsuite for Teams Proposal Software Download Chrome Extension Outlook Add-in Android App iOS App Resources Pricing Sign PDF online Blog FAQs Signature Generator Screen Recording Testimonials GDPR Compliance Guide Privacy and Security Center Join our community Copyright © 2025 Mailsuite® Cookies Terms Privacy English Español English