Skip to main content

This holiday season, unwrap new Mailchimp features that help drive sales. See what's new.

Solutions and Services
Integrations
Resources
Pricing
Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939
Start Free Trial
Log In
Main Menu
Integrate your data. Inform your decisions. Impact your results.

Harness the power of your data in real time and grow your revenue with email.

Start Free Trial
Convert with email automations

Boost orders and customer lifetime value by dynamically personalizing emails based on browsing and purchase data.

Explore marketing automation
Create faster with generative AI

Effortlessly create on-brand content with generative AI tools and choose from expertly designed templates.

Explore AI tools
Refine with segmentation

Target customers with advanced logic like spend amounts, buying behavior, and predicted attributes.

Explore audience management
Optimize with analytics & reporting

Analyze performance with custom reports, funnel visualizations, and industry benchmarking.

Explore analytics and reporting
Find out why we’re best-in-class

The #1 email marketing and automation platform that recommends ways to get more opens, clicks, and sales.

Up to 25x ROI

seen by Mailchimp users*

24 years experience

helping businesses sell more

11M+ Users

of Mailchimp globally

Over 3.1 billion emails

with AI-generated content sent by Mailchimp customers*

Win the holidays with powerful new features from Intuit Mailchimp
Is your business ready for peak season?

The best time to perfect your marketing strategy before the holidays is right now. Convert more customers, scale faster, use SMS to expand your reach, and so much more.

Get ready
The holiday marketing report that keeps on giving

Ready to unwrap a bunch of expert insights, shopping phases, and marketing cheer across all channels? We've got just the thing to brighten your holidays.

Download our report
Navigate the peak season with purpose and clarity

Our 5th annual virtual conference brings together a collection of marketing, AI, and e-commerce experts to help you thrive this holiday season and beyond.

Watch on-demand
Send personalized campaigns that drive sales with Shopify

Deliver relevant and timely messaging. Boost revenue and returning customers. Elevate your content creation with Mailchimp's AI-powered features

Connect your store
Get started easily with a personalized product tour

An onboarding specialist is here to help you get started with confidence—it’s included with Standard and Premium plans.*

Learn more about onboarding
 Try for free  Save 15% on 10,000+ contacts
Try our Standard plan for free!

Find out why customers see up to 24x ROI* using the Standard plan with a 14-day trial†. Cancel or downgrade to our Essentials or basic Free plans at any time.

Generative AI features

Actionable insights into audience growth and conversion funnels

Enhanced automations

Custom-coded email templates

Customizable Popup forms

Personalized onboarding

See all plans
$ AUD
R$ BRL
$ CAD
CHF CHF
DKK kr
€ EUR
£ GBP
$ HKD
₹ INR
¥ JPY
$ MXN
$ NZD
SEK kr
$ SGD
$ USD
R ZAR
Standard

Send up to 6,000 emails each month.

Contacts
0-500
501-1,500
1,501-2,500
2,501-5,000
5,001-10,000
10,001-15,000
15,001-20,000
20,001-25,000
25,001-30,000
30,001-40,000
40,001-50,000
50,001-75,000
75,001-100,000
Try for free

Free for 14 days

Then, starts at $20/month†
per month†

Save 15% on 10,000+ contacts
Start Free Trial

†See Free Trial Terms. Overages apply if contact or email send limit is exceeded. Learn More
tooltip

Bring in more data, drive more growth with our integrations
Canva

Create compelling visuals for your marketing.

Mailchimp for Salesforce

Sync your Mailchimp subscribers and Salesforce® leads across platforms.

Instagram

Promote and share your Instagram posts in email campaigns.

Shopify

Sync Shopify customers, products, and purchase data to Mailchimp.

Google Analytics

Unlock powerful insights with campaign, website, or landing page data.

WooCommerce

Power your ecommerce store with smart marketing features.

QuickBooks Online

Bring together your marketing tools and invoice data.

Squarespace Commerce

Market your ecommerce business and drive sales.

Zapier

Automatically pass data between web services without a single line of code.

View all 300+ integrations
Millions of users trust us with their email marketing. You can too.
Start Free Trial

*Disclaimers

#1 AI-powered email marketing platform: Based on December 2023 publicly available data on the number of customers of competitors that also advertise using AI to enhance their email marketing and automation products and services.
#1 email marketing and automation platform: Based on May 2025 publicly available data on competitors' number of customers.
SMS Marketing: SMS is available as an add-on to paid plans in select countries. Application and agreement to terms is required before purchasing credits. Messages can only be delivered to contacts in the country selected. Australia messaging available only for contacts with +61 country code. SMS credits are added to your account after purchase and approval. Credits are issued monthly and unused credits expire and do not roll over. MMS only available for Standard and Premium plans sending to US and Canada contacts. Pricing varies. Click here for details.
Intuit Assist: Intuit Assist functionality (beta) is available to certain users with Premium, Standard and Legacy plans in select countries in English only. Access to Intuit Assist is available at no additional cost at this time. Pricing, terms, conditions, special features and service options are subject to change without notice. Availability of features and functionality varies by plan type. Features may be broadly available soon but represents no obligation and should not be relied on in making a purchasing decision. For details, please view Mailchimp’s various plans and pricing.
Personalized onboarding: Onboarding services differ per plan and are available for new or upgraded users with a Standard or Premium plan for the first 90 days after account creation or upgrade. Onboarding services are currently offered in English, Spanish and Portuguese for Premium plans, and in English for Standard plans.
24X ROI Standard Plan: Based on all e-commerce revenue attributable to Standard plan users’ Mailchimp campaigns from April 2023 to April 2024.
Availability of features and functionality varies by plan type. For details, view plans and pricing.
25X ROI: Based on all e-commerce revenue attributable to paid plan users’ Mailchimp campaigns from April 2023 to April 2024
3.1 Billion Emails Sent: Based on InLine AI Assistant feature for December 2023 - August 2024. Standard and Premium plans only.
Popup forms (beta): Very limited availability to new and existing Mailchimp users and on web browsers only. Features may be more broadly available soon, but represents no obligation and should not be relied on in making a purchasing decision. Availability of features and functionality varies by plan type. For details, view plans and pricing.

Related Links:

How to Buy a Domain Name: Domain Registration Guide
What Is the Difference Between an RFQ vs. RFP?
ChatGPT: What to Know About This AI Content Writing Tool
Products
Why Mailchimp?
Product Updates
Email Marketing
Websites
Transactional Email
How We Compare
GDPR Compliance
Security
Status
Mobile App
Resources
Marketing Library
Free Marketing Tools
Marketing Glossary
Integrations Directory
Community
Agencies & Freelancers
Developers
Events
Company
Our Story
Newsroom
Give Where You Live
Careers
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
Hire an Expert
Help Center
Talk to Sales

Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit.

Check it out

This page is now available in other languages.
English
Español
Français
Português
Deutsch
Italiano

©2001-2025 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences

Mailchimp uses cookies for our website to function properly; some are optional and help deliver a personalized and enhanced experience. You can consent to all or allow any level of cookies via “Customize Settings” and preferences can be changed at anytime. To learn more, read ourCookie Statement
Customize settings