Mailo Discover the Mailo Pro offer Sign up Sign in Sign in Language selection Mailo, the mail service which respects you Mailo is a whole range of innovative services which protect your privacy and personal data: the most complete webmail on the market, an agenda, a storage space for your photos and documents, organisation tools for the family and professionals. Join the first alternative ethical communication platform! Sign up Mailo, this is also Mailo Junior Educational, recreational and secure e-mail for 6-14 year-olds Mailo Pro All of Mailo's expertise for businesses and organizations Mailo Edu Free mail and Cloud for primary and secondary schools A commitment: respect your privacy Your personal data is sacred to us: we store it on secure servers in France, we do not use it, we do not sell it, we do not read your messages. Read the Mailo charter A will: always offer you the choice We stand for an open and diverse Internet. You choose your offer, the domain name of your address, customize your interface and access your services the way you like: web, software, smartphone or mobile app. Discover all the features Mailo Free free 1 GB for your e-mails 500 MB for your documents and photos 5 aliases Advertising banners IMAP4, EAS Access to all Mailo services: mail, calendar, address book, cloud, sharing... Mailo Premium starting from €1 per month 20 GB for your e-mails * 5 GB for your documents and photos * 100 aliases Lifetime e-mail address Premium assistance IMAP4, POP3, EAS Access to all Mailo services: mail, calendar, address book, cloud, sharing... * this capacity can be expanded up to 500 GB with the Premium+ offers Sign up A service close to you We strive to guide you and to offer responsive and personalized support in English. We are listening to you and keep you involved in the continuous improvement of the service and its development. An easy change of e-mail address Retrieving messages, contacts and events from your old mail provider, setting up a mail forwarding system and sending your new address to all your contacts: Mailo simplifies your life! Sign up Access Mailo with our iOS and Android apps. Download on the GET IT ON More information Mailo documentation The Mailo blog The FAQ Social networks Facebook Mastodon Bluesky LinkedIn Instagram Threads Useful links The Mailo charter Terms of use Privacy rules Legal mentions Discover Mailo Mailo Junior Mailo Edu Mailo Pro Mailo Secure Cloud More info on Mailo Who are we? Contact us Become a reseller Press area