Mailinator Home - Mailinator GO Public Inbox Why Mailinator Verified Pro Applications/Solutions Quality Assurance Email Receipt Testing Load Testing Email Interactions SMS Testing Inbound Webhooks Private Email Testing Domains Enterprise Email Testing API New Use Cases Pricing Support Support Mailinator FAQs General Support Documentation API Documentation Security Mailinator Blog About Careers at Mailinator GET FREE TRIAL LOGIN Email and SMS Workflow Testing Mailinator is more than just temporary or disposable email addresses.... Mailinator allows Developers and QA Testing teams to automatically test their Email and SMS workflows like 2FA verifications, sign-ups, and password resets with trillions of inboxes at your fingertips. Whether you do Manual Testing, use an API, or a framework like Selenium, Cypress, Playwright, or Puppeteer - Mailinator closes the loop on email and SMS workflow testing. GET FREE TRIAL TRUSTED BY Mailinator is Your Private Message Routing System QA Testing Teams and Developers around the globe use Mailinator to route email and SMS messages with an ever-growing set of features, including webhooks and our API. For Email Testing Application Features Mailinator offers an array of features designed to make SMS and email testing easy and scalable. Quality Assurance Utilize Mailinator to perform QA testing on your email delivery systems, without risking sending to a real-life audience. Every subscription comes with nearly unlimited “temporary email” addresses at your own private testing domain. LEARN MORE Email Receipt Testing Verify that your bulk email delivery services are working as intended with your own private testing domain. Whether you need 10 or 10,000,000 temporary email addresses, Mailinator can help. LEARN MORE Load Testing Test the resiliency and scalability of your email delivery systems by performing load testing in a safe, development environment with Mailinator’s private email testing domain. Enterprise subscription required. LEARN MORE Email Interactions With Mailinator’s set of programmable rules for email interactions, you can create your own rules, click all links, or even webhook to platforms outside of Mailinator like Slack. LEARN MORE Mailinator's Free Disposable Email Mailinator still offers a 100% free, public temporary or disposable email addresses. You can use any address @mailinator.com and check those public inboxes by entering the public inbox in the field below for email workflow testing. TRY IT FREE Mailinator Subscription Plans Email and SMS Workflow Testing for QA and Developers. Verified Pro $ 0 with Verification Our Free plan for a single user looking to gain efficiency for automating the testing of their workflows with the benefit of a private domain and access to our API Get Verified Business $ 79 Per Month An ideal plan for a small team looking to gain efficiency for automating the testing of their workflows with the benefit of a private domain and access to our API. Subscribe Now Business Plus $ 159 Per month Designed with QA Testing and Development teams in mind, Business Plus offers higher volumes and features like additional users, SMS, and multiple private domains. SUBSCRIBE NOW Enterprise $ 699 Custom Pricing Enterpise plans are custom built for your unique needs. This plan can accommodate high volumes, custom features, custom terms, or bespoke onboarding support. Talk to Sales Recent Blog Posts By Mailinator December 4, 2025 Mailinator Welcomes Chris Kenst! Mailinator is excited to announce that Chris Kenst has joined us to lead our Developer Relations efforts! Chris will be helping us strengthen the bridge between Mailinator and the broader QA, testing, and development communities — bringing his deep expertise in software testing, automation, and tooling to help teams make the most of Mailinator’s end-to-end […] By Mailinator October 3, 2025 How Postman Uses Mailinator To Address The Three Realities of Modern IT… API-first Testing In today’s rapidly shifting technology landscape, IT leaders face immense pressure to deliver more with fewer resources, adapt at the speed of business, and simplify increasingly complex environments. Sam Chehab, who oversees security and IT at Postman, recently shared how his team addressed these challenges by leveraging Mailinator, an API-first testing and email workflow platform. […] By Mailinator September 12, 2025 From Spam Shield to Enterprise Email Testing: The Evolution of Mailinator When Mailinator first launched in 2003, it solved a simple but frustrating problem: spam. People needed a way to sign up for websites without handing over their personal email address, only to be bombarded with newsletters, promotions, and junk. Mailinator’s free, disposable public inboxes became an easy solution. Type in any address @mailinator.com, check the […] By Mailinator August 18, 2025 Public vs. Private: Choosing the Right Mailinator Inboxes for Email Testing When it comes to email testing, having access to reliable email inboxes can save your team hours of development time. Mailinator is widely known for its free public inboxes that anyone can use for temporary email. These public inboxes are excellent for quick, disposable testing, but for more advanced use cases—such as One Time Password […] By Mailinator June 27, 2025 Testing OTP Logins with Playwright and Mailinator Ensuring the reliability of your application’s login system is crucial for user trust and security. By integrating Playwright with Mailinator, you can automate the testing of login flows that involve One-Time Passwords (OTPs) sent via email or SMS. Why Automate Login Testing? Automated testing of login functionalities helps in: Benefits of Using Playwright with Mailinator […] By Mailinator June 10, 2025 Guide to Testing Emails Using Selenium and Mailinator Email testing is a critical component of many web applications, from verifying user registration flows to resetting passwords. By integrating Selenium and Mailinator, developers and QA engineers may choose to automate via the browser, rather than the api.. This guide will walk you through the process step by step. Prerequisites Before you begin, ensure you […] Terms Privacy Security Accessibility X LinkedIn LinkedIn © Manybrain, Inc. All rights reserved. - The Capterra logo is a service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. GET FREE TRIAL LOGIN FORGOT PASSWORD? Why Mailinator Applications/Solutions Quality Assurance Email Receipt Testing Load Testing Email Interactions SMS Testing Inbound Webhooks Private Email Testing Domains Enterprise Email Testing API New Use Cases Support Mailinator FAQs General Support Documentation API Documentation (SLATE) Security Details Mailinator Blog About Career PUBLIC INBOX