Skip to content
Apply
Give
Careers
Portal
Accreditation
Employers
	
	
Universities
Students
Faculty & Staff
Trustees
Data & Policy
Offices
Title IX
About the University of Maine System

Established in 1968, the University of Maine System is the state’s largest educational enterprise.

It has an annual enrollment of nearly 30,000 students and positively impacts the lives of hundreds of thousands of Mainers each year through its educational and cultural offerings as well as outreach and public service to individuals, businesses, organizations and policymakers.

The System has an estimated $1.5 billion total statewide economic impact each year, a return of $7.50 for every dollar of State appropriation. Two-thirds of its alumni—approximately 120,000 people—live in Maine.

The University of Maine System is accessible with seven universities—some with multiple campuses—located across the state, as well as a law school, an additional 31 course sites, and Cooperative Extension.

The University of Maine System Chancellor’s office is located in Estabrooke Hall on the University of Maine campus in Orono. System-wide services and governance employees work from campuses across the state.

Accreditation

The University of Maine System is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). This accreditation encompasses the System’s constituent universities and law school: the University of Maine and its regional campus, the University of Maine at Machias; the University of Maine at Augusta; the University of Maine at Farmington; the University of Maine at Fort Kent; the University of Maine at Presque Isle; the University of Southern Maine; and the University of Maine School of Law. Learn more about University of Maine System accreditation.

Strategic Plan

In keeping with the University of Maine System’s commitment to the students of Maine’s Public Universities and the University of Maine School of Law, the University of Maine System launched a comprehensive and system-wide strategic plan to benefit all University of Maine System students and the State of Maine. The Plan has galvanized faculty, staff, students, and other constituents to strengthen the System while honoring the distinctiveness of each university and law school. The central goal of the Plan is to serve both the student and the State while leveraging unified accreditation as a tool to produce system-wide benefits.

Each university and law school will identify its strategic plan that aligns priorities with the UMS Strategic Plan. The UMS Strategic Plan will be communicated and assessed to allow faculty, staff, and administrators throughout the system to see the impact of their work in advancing the UMS mission. The body of the strategic plan is organized around five Commitments, each with a corresponding set of actions and goals outlined for achieving the commitment.

Learn more about the University of Maine System Strategic Plan

100+ Degrees

Degrees and certificates spanning a wide range of professional and personal interests from the seven University of Maine Campuses.

Onsite & Online

Study onsite, online or both. We have seven campuses across Maine, providing access to programs.

Affordable

Get credit for what you know and take advantage of our low tuition and numerous financial aid options.

Advanced Technology

Advanced, Interactive Technology allows you to gain the knowledge, the experience, and a nationally recognized degree to help you advance your career or start a new one.

University of Maine System News
University of Maine System, graduate student workers’ union achieve first collective bargaining agreement 
December 18, 2025

The three-year agreement overwhelmingly ratified today positions Maine’s public universities as a national destination for graduate student education, research and employment ORONO, Maine — The University of Maine System (UMS) has achieved its first collective bargaining agreement with part-time graduate … Read More

READ MORE
UNIVERSITY OF MAINE SYSTEM, GRADUATE STUDENT WORKERS’ UNION ACHIEVE FIRST COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENT 

University of Maine System’s strong AA- credit rating affirmed, outlook upgraded
December 8, 2025

S&P Global Ratings, which recently downgraded the outlook for the nation’s higher education sector, lauded the System’s innovative student recruitment and retention efforts, as well as internal collaborations and cost containment, and the University of Maine’s research excellence ORONO, Maine … Read More

READ MORE
UNIVERSITY OF MAINE SYSTEM’S STRONG AA- CREDIT RATING AFFIRMED, OUTLOOK UPGRADED

University of Maine System expands free entrepreneurship education to more Maine schools
November 17, 2025

Through its Maine Center and a partnership with Everfi and Maine Venture Fund, the state’s largest educational and economic development enterprise is providing hundreds of Maine middle and high school students with free entrepreneurial education, which will be showcased at … Read More

READ MORE
UNIVERSITY OF MAINE SYSTEM EXPANDS FREE ENTREPRENEURSHIP EDUCATION TO MORE MAINE SCHOOLS

News from Maine’s Public Universities
UMF and USM receive grants to recruit educators, help alleviate Maine’s teacher shortage (External Site)
Alfond Foundation providing $80 million for athletic facility upgrades (External Site)
UMaine-led research team making new frozen foods from squid fins (External Site)
Follow Us on Social Media

Facebook (External Site)

Instagram (External Site)

X (External Site)

Linkedin (External Site)

OCR Resolution
 
Accessibility & Nondiscrimination
 
Privacy Policy
 
Freedom of Access Requests
 
Style Guide
 
Site Map
 
Report Sexual Misconduct, Discrimination and Harassment
 
Health Guidance & Resources

© 2025 University of Maine System