Working, studying, living in Germany Go to main navigation Go to content area To the homepage of Make it in Germany For skilled workers For employers illustrated globe Switch language Language selection DE EN ES FR Hide menu DE EN ES FR magnifying glass Show/Hide search Menu To the website of the federal government closed envelope Email Telephone FAQ Search for topics magnifying glass Search Hide search Make it in Germany Working in Germany: the official website for qualified professionals Working in Germany: the official website for qualified professionals Working in Germany Back to the main menu Working in Germany To the job listings Professions in demand To the overview Green Jobs Nursing professionals Physicians Engineers IT specialists Scientists Craftspeople Careers in transport Other professions in demand Finding a job To the overview Looking for a job Applying for a job Placement agencies Job listings Recognition To the overview Who needs recognition? Recognition procedure Evaluation of foreign academic degrees State recognition in the country of training Working environment To the overview Work contract Salary, taxes & social security Setting up a business To the overview 5 reasons Visa for a business start-up Professional requirements for founding Preparation and consultation 5 steps for starting a business Research Information for EU citizens Hide menu Hide menu Study & vocational training Back to the main menu Study & vocational training To the overview Vocational training or academic studies? Studies in Germany To the overview Can I complete a course of study in Germany? Planning your arrival and course of study Study and work Prospects after graduation Vocational training in Germany To the overview What is vocational training? Requirements for vocational training Vocational training profiles at a glance How do I find vocational training? Prospects after your vocational training Hide menu Hide menu Visa & residence Back to the main menu Visa & residence EU Blue Card Quick-Check Types of visa To the overview EU Blue Card Work visa for qualified professionals Visa for professionally experienced workers Visa for recognition partnership Visa options for IT professionals Visa for the recognition of foreign qualifications Visa for vocational training Visa for studying Other types of visa Opportunity card Germany To the overview Job search opportunity card Self-Check: Opportunity card Questions and answers regarding the opportunity card Visa procedure To the overview Do I need a visa? Entry & visa process Visa application forms Family reunification To the overview Spouses joining EU citizens Spouses joining citizens of non-EU countries Family reunion for children Living permanently in Germany To the overview Settlement permit Permanent EU residence permit Naturalisation The Skilled Immigration Act Hide menu Hide menu Living in Germany Back to the main menu Living in Germany Learning German Learning German To the overview Do I need to know German? Language classes Integration courses Discover Germany To the overview Why Germany?! German states Economy Politics, democracy, freedom Qualified professionals Immigration Employment & earnings Education German society Family life in Germany To the overview Financial support for families Child care School system & compulsory education Housing & mobility To the overview Housing and registration Driving licence & car Mobility in Germany Money & insurance To the overview Bank account Health insurance Additional insurances Settling To the overview Leisure Useful everyday knowledge Back to Germany To the overview Social security Unemployment Hide menu Hide menu Service Back to the main menu Service Do you have any questions? Contact us To the overview Email Hotline FAQ Advisory & contact services To the overview Worldwide In Germany Webinars Events Newsletter Downloads Glossary News Hide menu Hide menu About us Back to the main menu About us Make it in Germany Make it in Germany Partner network 10 years of Make it in Germany Hide menu Hide menu Visit the page ... For skilled workers For employers Do you have any questions? closed envelope Email Telephone FAQ Hide menu Quick-Check With the Quick-Check, you can check your options of working and living in Germany. Please select work. study. do vocational training. start up a business. do research. In Germany, I’d like to... Start Why Germany?! Freedom, diversity, stability. Discover the numerous advantages Germany offers! High living standards, fair working conditions and a strong sense of solidarity within society all await you here. Liberal basic rights and a stable democracy are guarantees for a self-determined and safe life for you. Read here why Germany should become your new adopted country of residence! Learn more © Davide Zanin – stock.adobe.com The EU Blue Card Discover the opportunities that the EU Blue Card offers for your career in Germany. The residence permit for people with an academic degree and skilled workers at an equivalent level gives you access to qualified employment. Lower salary thresholds and facilitated family reunification present it as an attractive option. Find out more about the requirements and benefits here. Read more © momius– stock.adobe.com Your Key to Finding a Job in Germany: The Opportunity Card Looking for a job in Germany? The Job search opportunity card helps you find the perfect qualified position. Find out all about the opportunity card and use the self-check to see if you qualify. Learn about the Opportunity Card © Nicolas F – stock.adobe.com Job Listings Find the job that fits your qualifications. The "Make it in Germany" job listings have thousands of interesting job offers in Germany ready for you. To the job listings © Moon Safari – stock.adobe.com What visa options does Germany have? Learn more Start your career in Germany as a professional driver, train driver or in the shipping industry Learn more Research in Germany: Discover how you can start your career as a scientist Learn more Getting a visa, studying or learning German? Find points of contact all over the world Learn more Careers in Germany: Find out which professions are in high demand Learn more Living in Germany with your family: How family reunification works Learn more Information in Russian about working in Germany and visa requirements Learn more Make IT in Germany: IT experts wanted Are you looking for challenges in the IT industry? Germany offers great career prospects for IT specialists. Read more © Liubomir – stock.adobe.com Qualified professionals in Germany: Facts and figures 172,422 work visas were issued in 2024. 131,480 people in Germany were in possession of an EU Blue Card in 2024. 307,000 foreign healthcare workers were employed in Germany in 2024. Events for living and working in Germany Here you can find events and workshops that can help you with your career and with settling down in Germany – either online or in your area. More Events No upcoming events. We made it - Learning the German language successfully There are many ways to learn a new language. In this video, international skilled workers report on their experience of learning German. Find out which exercises are helpful to practise your speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in German. You have to activate JavaScript in your browser to use this module. Play video Do you have any questions? Let us advise you on your opportunities to work and live in Germany. Our experts will support you with questions regarding job search, visa, recognition and learning German. You can find out more about the various contact options by clicking on one of the icons in the bar below. closed envelope E-Mail Hotline FAQ Top themes The Skilled Immigration Act Working as an IT specialist Job listings Important addresses and services Advisory centres worldwide Advisory centres in Germany Downloads Sign language Easy Read Accessibility FAQ Legal Notice Privacy Policy Privacy Settings Copyright Instagram LinkedIn YouTube X (before: Twitter) magnifying glass ( search.svg ), iStock.com/bounward illustrated globe ( global.svg ), iStock.com/bounward closed envelope ( email.svg ), iStock.com/bounward Skilled worker from abroad working in Germany ( 2_Moon_Safari_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Moon Safari – stock.adobe.com International group of young people completing their vocational training in Germany ( 2.5_iStock.com_andresr.jpg ), iStock.com/andresr International skilled workers working in Germany ( 1.3_AnnaStills_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), AnnaStills – stock.adobe.com Fotolia_230936847_S.jpg, ©stadtratte Consultant sitting in front of a computer screen in an office with other people in the background. ( 9_iStock.com_PeopleImages.jpg ), iStock.com/PeopleImages c37854 Germany stands for diversity, freedom, democracy, and togetherness ( 1_1_Davide_Angelini_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Davide Angelini – stock.adobe.com c52112 Happy young people from diverse backgrounds walk together through a city, embracing each other – representing diversity and unity. ( Davide_Zanin_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Davide Zanin – stock.adobe.com c52026 Index finger clicks on the "EU Blue Card" keyboard button ( 10_momius_stock.adobecom.jpeg ), momius– stock.adobe.com c55072 Entering Germany with the Opportunity Card. ( 1.20_Nicolas_F_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Nicolas F – stock.adobe.com c48371 International student on campus. ( 4_iStock.com_william87.jpg ), iStock.com/william87 c50943 Woman professional driver in front of trucks ( 1.7_AdobeStock_300482741.jpeg ), littlewolf1989-stock.adobe.com c55697 A young woman finishes her final secondary school examination ( 2.14_Drazen-stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Drazen - stock.adobe.com c48370 Digital globe above a smartphone ( 3_vegeox.com_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), vegeox.com – stock.adobe.com c48369 International engineer at work ( 1.3_iStock.com_aquaArts_studio.jpg ), iStock.com/aquaArts studio c48373 An international family meeting at the airport ( 6_michaeljung_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), michaeljung – stock.adobe.com c49304 Young programmer shows his colleague something on the screen ( REDPIXEL_-_stock.adobe.com_167812893.jpeg ), redpixel - adobe.stock.com c48394 Two people from different origins work together in a company. ( 8_Liubomir_-_stock.adobe.com.jpeg ), Liubomir – stock.adobe.com c48291 Smiling young woman working on her laptop at work ( 5.1_iStock.com_PeopleImages.jpg ), iStock.com/PeopleImages c48396 The Port of Hamburg with ships and modern architecture – a symbol of openness, diversity and the welcoming culture in Germany. ( 10_iStock.com_fotoVoyager.jpg ), iStock.com/fotoVoyager To top Close dialog