MakerBot: The Only 3D Printing Ecosystem Dedicated to Education 3D printers Back 3D printers Upgrade your classroom with reliable 3D printers used across 10,000+ schools. Meet the new Sprint Sketch series 3D printers Sketch Sprint [Large and Fast] New Sketch Standard Materials PLA colors All materials Fall color materials Advanced 3D printers S series UltiMaker S3 Now available UltiMaker S6 NEW Education Back Sketch Classroom Solution 3D printing in the classroom isn’t just about the 3D printer. It’s about the curriculum, the projects, and knowledge that surrounds it. Classroom setup Classroom setup Which Sketch Classroom configuration is right for you? District Solution From Classroom to District: Scale Your Educational Journey. Classroom setup School setup District setup UltiMakerCare service plans Service plans that support you throughout your 3D printing journey. Software Back Teacher Tools to Help You Print Efficiently manage your 3D printers, queue up student projects, and even monitor ongoing prints remotely. UltiMaker Cura For advanced users looking to get the most custom control over their 3D printers. UltiMaker Digital Factory Digital Factory is an all-in-one 3D printing platform for managing student submissions, printers, and projects from any device Training Back Training Tailored certifications that will help you and your students become experts in 3D printing. Explore certification Get started with 600+ lesson plans Browse lesson plans Login to certification Resources Back Resources Free access to hundreds of 3D printing lesson plans to help teach a range of subjects. Browse all blogs and webinars MakerBot Educator’s  Guidebook This guide has become the ultimate 3D printing textbook for students and educators. Thingiverse Education  Community Browse hundreds of 3D printing ideas that help engage students of any subject. MakerBot Grant The MakerBot Gives Back Grant Program is dedicated to helping K–12 educators bring 3D printing into the classroom Support Back Support Visit our support site for setup videos, how-to guides, FAQs, and technical expertise from our support team. Support site Useful links Open a support case Register your device Software Request a quote Buy now Popular Search Sketch 3D printer Sketch Classroom MakerBot CloudPrint Request a quote Buy now Holiday Deals Are Live! Save big on our most popular printers of 2025 Buy a Sketch Sprint 3D printer and get a free 3Doodler EDU pen—a perfect companion tool for welding, decorating, and revising 3D prints! Learn more UltiMaker S3 Easy-to-use multimaterial 3D printing starts here. A powerhouse that fits neatly on a desk. Ready to print glass and carbon fiber composites. Soluble supports allow for complex geometries with more design freedom. Learn more Inspiring the Next Generation of Engineers at Maayanot High School Case Study Discover how Maayanot High School empowers the next generation of female leaders by making STEAM a core requirement for every student. Read the story The new UltiMaker S6 3D printer Empower Your High School Students with Real-World 3D Printing Skills. With dual-material capability, broad material compatibility, and smart hardware innovations, it’s designed to grow with your students—from foundational skills to career and college-ready design projects. Discover the S6 The 2025 MakerBot Grant Guide Your Gateway to Classroom Funding! Explore our curated list of over 40 grants, awards, and scholarships and find funding opportunities that support enhancements to classroom learning and professional development. Download your free copy! Find out what 3D printer set-up fits your classroom the best Take a five-question quiz to find the right 3D printer arrangement for you! We are here to support any types of setup - from a classroom to a school district, from elementary to research facility. Take the quiz Organization Size Materials Features Budget What educational organization are you working at? Select One K-12 Higher Ed Technical/Vocational Research Other What’s your organization size? Select One Single classroom 5-30 students/users Multiple classrooms 30+ students/users Maker space / Lab School deploy Other What material will you mainly print in? Select One PLA Composites No preference I don’t know What features do you need? Select Multiple Easy to use Fast printing Dual material Advanced materials All What’s your 3D printing budget? Select One Under $1,000 $1,000 - $3,000 $3,000+ I don’t know Previous Next Your result is ready! We can sent it to your inbox. Save your results to reference them at any time. No, thanks. Just see my results A copy of result has been sent to your email! Your results are in! Save your results Download the MakerBot Educator’s Guidebook for free! The popular and easy-to-use guide for 3D printing covers a crash-course in 3D printing and how to begin integrating it into the classroom, projects spanning Robotics, Engineering, Mathematics, Science as well as projects for Art, History, and Music, and a collection of techniques and tricks developed by educators already experienced with 3D printing. Download now Request a quote Reselect The MakerBot education ecosystem We provide everything you need to scale classroom 3D printing to your needs. Reliable and easy-to-use 3D printers. The largest 3D printing community for educators. Free lesson plans and curriculum. And MakerBot Certification. 3D printers Community Resources Training Software 3D printers Community Resources Training Software Easy and reliable 3D printers Whatever the size and needs of your classroom, school, or district – there is a MakerBot 3D printing solution. Our 3D printers are powerful, safe, and easy for students of all ages. They are also simple for educators to manage. Browse MakerBot 3D printers World’s largest community for educators Our community means you never have to feel alone in bringing 3D printing to your classroom. It is full of educational 3D printing ideas to help you wow and inspire your students across any subject. Explore Thingiverse Lesson plans and curriculum Free downloadable lesson plans and proven curriculum are yours to bring 3D printing to life in your classroom. Plus, we share all the tips and tricks that other educators have found work wonders for their students. Download the guidebook MakerBot Certification™ Whether you're a student or a teacher, there's a MakerBot Certification for you. These premier training modules will take you from a novice with 3D printing technology to an expert in no time. With a certificate to prove it. Learn more Cloud-based software Software lies at the heart of the 3D printing workflow. That's why we have made ours incredibly fun and easy to use. Prepare parts for 3D printing, manage printers, and more – all from whichever device you have in your classroom. Use CloudPrint today Trusted by more than 10,000 schools around the world What are MakerBot customers saying? Discover how 3D printing with MakerBot is transforming classrooms around the world. “MakerBot gives us the perfect platform for students to learn the concepts of 3D printing.” Prof. Faridodin (Fredi) Lajvardi President and CEO of Si Se Puede Watch the case study “The importance of 3D printing in the classroom is that not only can we design something, we can do successive prototypes to come up with an end product.” Prof. Rahul Chopra Technological Education Teacher “Our students are really thinking about how 3D printing can play a role within their everyday lives and how they can use this technology in the real world.” Prof. Mary Bowden Richmond Hill Middle School Read the case study Get started with 600+ lesson plans Never run out of 3D printing ideas. Our tried-and-tested lesson plans are perfect for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM). But you will also find fun and engaging projects for even more subjects. Engineering Technology Electronics Math Archimedes Screw Bonanza 3D printers Sketch Large Material PLA Grade level Grade 9 - 12 Difficulty Medium In this lesson, students are tasked with moving different materials up an incline using an Archimedes screw. This project is intended for high school engineering or physics students, though can be scaled back to use in lower grades as well. Read the full lesson plan Nameplate Generator with OpenSCAD 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level Grade 4-6 Difficulty Easy In this project, students will learn and apply basic programming skills with the OpenSCAD language to style and customize a nametag. By modifying existing OpenSCAD code for a wavy nametag, students will explore parameters, dimensions, “for” loops, translations, and boolean operations. Read the full lesson plan Circuit Maze Project 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level Grade 9 - 12 Difficulty Hard In this activity, students will take on the role of an electrical engineer and explore the concept of open & closed circuits. They will use simple materials to design and build a Circuit Maze. Read the full lesson plan Bridge Building with 3D Design 3D printers Sketch series Material PLA Grade level 6th Difficulty Medium Students will design and build a scale model of a bridge using balsa wood, 3D printed connectors, and glue. Students will research various bridge designs and begin brainstorming their own design. Read the full lesson plan MakerBot + UltiMaker MakerBot has been the trusted leader in helping educators pioneer 3D printing in the classroom for over 10 years. Now, as a sub-brand of UltiMaker, MakerBot is taking its trusted 3D printing in education expertise worldwide. Already in over 10,000 schools, MakerBot offers comprehensive 3D printing solutions that support educators every step of the way. Worldwide. Learn more English Netherlands Deutsch Français Italiano Español 한국어 日本語 3D printers Sketch Standard Sketch Sprint Classroom Solution District Solution Advanced 3D printers Sketch materials Software CloudPrint Training Certification Resources Educator's Guidebook Thingiverse Education Community All resources Store Sketch series Sketch Sprint Sketch standard MakerBot About us Contact Us Support Find resellers Legal Careers English Netherlands Deutsch Français Italiano Español 한국어 日本語 © 2011-2025 MakerBot Industries, LLC Terms of use Privacy and cookie statement × We value your privacy. MakerBot uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. Tracking cookies enhance your experience on
				our website and may also collect your personal data outside of MakerBot websites. If you agree with the
				use of tracking cookies, click “Accept all”. You can withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not
				consent with the use of tracking cookies, click “Manage”. You can find more information about cookies on
				our Privacy and
					Cookie Policy page. Manage Accept all Consent to cookies × Category Strictly Necessary Functional To monitor the performance of our site and to enhance your browsing experience. Analytics To understand user behavior in order to provide you with a more relevant browsing experience or
					personalize the content on our site. Advertising To personalized and measure the effectiveness of advertising on our site and other websites. Save Accept all