Make Tech Easier - Computer Tutorials, Tips and Tricks Computing Mobile Lifestyle PC Guides Reviews Tech Explained Search Computing Windows Linux Mac ChromeOS Mobile Android iOS Lifestyle Gadgets Productivity Smart Home Social Media Gaming Internet Tech Explained News More from us Reviews Cheatsheets Buying Guides Deals Newsletter I Finally Moved Away From My Synology NAS, and I Don’t Miss It After years of trusting Synology, a slow drift in hardware choices and software decisions pushed me to finally move on. Windows 11’s Point-in-Time Restore: A Quiet Safety Net for When Things Go Wrong Stop WhatsApp Status Mentions from Bypassing Your Archive and Mute Settings Blip Provides the Fastest Way to Transfer Files Across Multiple Platforms with no Size Limit Raw Accel App Finally Fixed Mouse Acceleration For Me in Windows – Here’s How to Use It Stop Notifications from Interrupting Music Play on iPhone These solutions can stop notification sounds without silencing the phone. By Alexandra Arici – Dec 30, 2025 No Smartwatch for Christmas? Treat Yourself to an Apple Watch Didn’t unwrap a smartwatch this year? The Apple Watch Series 11 is $100 off right now, making it the perfect post-holiday upgrade for fitness, health tracking, and everyday convenience. By Megan Glosson – Dec 30, 2025 Latest Windows Update Problems and How to Fix Them Check out the latest Windows 11 and Windows 10 update problems and their solutions, as recommended by Microsoft experts. By Sayak Boral – Dec 30, 2025 6 Ways to Repurpose Old Desktop PC Repurpose your old PC, and save money and reduce waste. By Karrar Haider – Dec 30, 2025 Latest Reviews Host a Party with the OneOdio Studio Max 1 DJ Headphones Dec 24, 2025 Easily Monitor Cat Health With SiiPet LitterLens Camera Dec 22, 2025 UGREEN DH2300 Makes Getting Started With an NAS Surprisingly Easy Dec 15, 2025 This iQOO 15 is the Next Best Android Phone You Should Get Dec 2, 2025 Maono PD200W Hybrid Microphone Is a Creator’s Dream Nov 28, 2025 Stay Charged During Power Outages With a CYBPULTE C601 Portable Power Station Nov 25, 2025 More Reviews > Subscribe to our newsletter! Our latest tutorials delivered straight to your inbox Sign up for all newsletters. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. We will not share your data and you can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe I Read the Terms of 5 Popular AI Generators: You Probably Don’t Own Your Content AI content generators have complicated terms of service, making your content almost impossible to get copyrighted. By Ali Arslan – Dec 29, 2025 I Finally Moved Away From My Synology NAS, and I Don’t Miss It After years of trusting Synology, a slow drift in hardware choices and software decisions pushed me to finally move on. By Anurag – Dec 29, 2025 How to Control Hidden Background Apps in Linux Take back control of your system. By Haroon Javed – Dec 29, 2025 Windows 11’s Point-in-Time Restore: A Quiet Safety Net for When Things Go Wrong Windows 11 Point-in-Time Restore lets you roll back updates, drivers, and settings fast without reinstalling Windows. By Henderson Jayden Harper – Dec 28, 2025 Stop WhatsApp Status Mentions from Bypassing Your Archive and Mute Settings If your WhatsApp groups are muted and archived but you’re still getting status mention notifications, here’s how to stop them. By Oluwatokiloba Folami – Dec 27, 2025 Blip Provides the Fastest Way to Transfer Files Across Multiple Platforms with no Size Limit Blip has transformed the way I transfer files, making sharing faster and easier between multiple devices By Alexandra Arici – Dec 27, 2025 Raw Accel App Finally Fixed Mouse Acceleration For Me in Windows – Here’s How to Use It Raw Accel app finally made cursor movement feel natural and reliable. By Karrar Haider – Dec 26, 2025 Bummed You Didn’t Get a Phone for Christmas? It’s Not Too Late! Didn’t get a new phone for Christmas? It’s not too late. These Google Pixel phones are still seeing great post-holiday deals. By Megan Glosson – Dec 26, 2025 Skip Focus Apps and Use YouTube Instead With These Tips Do you know you can use one of the most distracting apps to help you focus? By Crystal Crowder – Dec 26, 2025 iOS 26.2 Made iPhone Autocorrect Worse for Me – Here’s How to Fix It iOS 26.2 autocorrect issues made typing frustrating on my iPhone. Here are quick tweaks that helped restore control. By Henderson Jayden Harper – Dec 25, 2025 10 Windows File Explorer Tips Everyone Should Know Some useful File Explorer tips you can use to make File Explorer better. By Karrar Haider – Dec 25, 2025 After Trying Many Notes Apps, Blinko Is the Only One That Does Everything I Need It To A self-hosted notes app with AI search that finally matches the convenience of Notion without giving up control of your data. By Anurag – Dec 24, 2025 Real or AI-Generated Video? Use Gemini to Uncover the Truth Instead of just guessing, you can now rely on Google Gemini to spot AI-generated video. By Crystal Crowder – Dec 24, 2025 The Galaxy Tab A9+ Is a Smart Last-Minute Christmas Pick Need a last-minute Christmas gift? The Samsung Galaxy Tab A9+ is affordable, easy to use, and available with fast delivery. Perfect for all! By Megan Glosson – Dec 24, 2025 Host a Party with the OneOdio Studio Max 1 DJ Headphones Looking for ideas for your holiday party? Check out the OneOdio Studio Max 1 SJ Headphones. Use them to play DJ at your get-together. By Laura Tucker – Dec 24, 2025 Use These Android Accessibility Settings to Make Your Phone More Intuitive There are some handy tweaks in the Android accessibility settings to reduce friction, save time, and make everyday phone use feel smoother. By Karrar Haider – Dec 24, 2025 Next > Latest Deals No Smartwatch for Christmas? Treat Yourself to an Apple Watch Bummed You Didn’t Get a Phone for Christmas? It’s Not Too Late! The Galaxy Tab A9+ Is a Smart Last-Minute Christmas Pick Need a Last-Minute Gift? The GoPro HERO13 Delivers This Lenovo IdeaPad Laptop Deal Looks Too Good to Be True (But Isn’t) More Deals > Affiliate Disclosure : Make Tech Easier may earn commission on products purchased through our links, which supports the work we do for our readers. Uncomplicating the complicated, making life easier Make Tech Easier provides tech tutorials, reviews, tips and tricks to help you navigate the complicated world of technology. We aim to uncomplicate the complicated, making your life easier. About Contact Advertise Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy RSS Feed Terms © 2025 Uqnic Network Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.