MAN Trucks, Buses, Vans and Services | MAN MAN Global Truck Truck All models All models Model overview The MAN TGX The MAN eTGX The MAN TGS The MAN eTGS The MAN TGM & MAN TGL The MAN eTGL Electric trucks D30 PowerLion Cabs Assistance systems Branch expertise Branch expertise Overview Long-haul transport Construction Vehicles & Truck Mixers Distribution transport Municipal vehicles Fire service & emergency services vehicles Tanker & Silo Trucks Agricultural & Forestry Trucks Vehicles with refrigerated body Beverage transporters Range Calculator Electric Truck Used trucks Truck configurator Bus Bus All models All models Model overview The MAN Lion's Coach The MAN Lion's Coach E The MAN Lion’s Intercity The MAN Lion's Intercity LE The MAN Lion’s City The MAN Lion’s City E The MAN Lion’s City G The TGE Minibus eBuses Coaches Coaches The MAN Lion's Coach The MAN Lion's Coach E Intercity buses Intercity buses The MAN Lion’s Intercity The MAN Lion's Intercity LE City buses City buses The MAN Lion’s City The MAN Lion’s City E The MAN Lion’s City G Minibus Minibus The TGE Minibus Assistance systems MAN Bus Chassis Bus designer Used buses Vans Vans All Models All Models Model overview The MAN TGE Panel Van The MAN TGE Chassis Cab The MAN TGE Crew Cab The MAN TGE Combi Van Business Solutions Business Solutions Overview Upgrade solutions Body solutions Emergency services vehicles Crafts & trades Construction Mobile Homes Assistance systems Assistance systems Overview Blind spot and drive-off warning Cruise Assist Plus Turn assist Emergency Brake Assist (EBA) Active Lane Guard System Park Steering Assist Infotainment systems All-wheel drive Van Configurator Electromobility Consultancy & Purchase Consultancy & Purchase Consulting Consulting Individual customer solutions Getting started with eMobility Range Calculator Electric Truck Truck configurator Bus Designer Van Configurator Purchase Purchase Used vehicles Search dealers Services Services Finance & Leasing Service contracts Digital Services Marketplace Service Service Overview Overview All services Services for trucks Services for buses Services for vans Digital Services Maintenance & repair Maintenance & repair Long-distance bus service Our full truck service from a single source Service contracts All-round repair service for all buses Fleet management Fleet management Vehicle tracking Maintenance and repair management Time and tachograph management Over-the-Air Upgrades Charging & Battery Management Parts, Accessories & Service Products Parts, Accessories & Service Products MAN genuine operating fluids Used parts exchange Online ordering service Accessories & retrofit solutions MAN GENUINE PARTS Driver deployment & training Driver deployment & training Driver coaching in action Perform Training sessions MAN Driver App MAN Charge&Go Finance & Rental Finance & Rental Finance and Leasing Breakdown & accident assistance Breakdown & accident assistance MAN Mobile24 Workshops Workshops Workshop search Make a workshop appointment online Workshop portal Operators Manuals MAN Worldwide Discover the MAN TGE – creating unexpected wow moments. To the full video Truck configurator MAN Dealership Search Contact your representative Our powerful overall package for you The range of products may vary by country, so the displayed product overview represents only a subset of the entire product portfolio. To the list of MAN worldwide websites Trucks Buses Vans Services The MAN TGX Ergonomic driver’s workplace Efficient driveline Smart assistance systems To the MAN TGX The MAN e TGX A variety of cabs with a comfortable rest area Daily ranges of up to 800 km Up to 400 kW continuous drive and continuous braking power To the MAN e TGX The MAN TGS Intuitive cockpit Anti-slip step unit Proven reliability To MAN TGS The MAN e TGS A comfortable driving experience and precise handling 400 kWh or 480 kWh battery capacity depending on the wheelbase Flexible pre-fitting for body mounting ex works To the MAN e TGS The MAN TGM Ideal visibility Ergonomic access Excellent payload To the MAN TGM The MAN TGL Electric parking brake in the instrument panel Compact cabs MAN uptime guarantee To the MAN TGL The MAN e TGL High efficiency meets relaxed driving comfort Up to 235 km single range Optimum vehicle layout for inner-city delivery traffic To the MAN e TGL The MAN TGS The MAN TGL MAN Lion’s Coach E 100% electric for sustainable mobility Up to 650 km range [reichweite-lions-coach-e-teaser] thanks to excellent aerodynamics. Proven operating concept & same storage spac To MAN Lion’s Coach E The MAN Lion’s Coach Great performance with up to 520 HP All aboard: 61 passenger seats max. Safe all around: over 13 intelligent assistance systems [assistenzsysteme-lions-coach-teaser] To MAN Lion’s Coach The MAN Lion’s City E Environmentally friendly 0 % emissions More space for your passengers Range: up to 380 km [reichweite-lions-city-e-teaser] To MAN Lion’s City E The MAN Lion’s City G Up to 97 % pollutant reduction High range: up to 500 km Quiet performance To MAN Lion’s City G The MAN Lion’s City Get started with 280-360 HP MAN EfficientHybrid optional Modern MAN design To MAN Lion’s City The MAN Lion’s Intercity LE Flexible and needs-orientated configuration Sustainable economy Optimal driving comfort To MAN Lion’s Intercity LE The MAN Lion’s Intercity Powerful MAN D15 engine with up to 360 HP Outstanding efficiency thanks to low TCO/LCC Extensive safety systems To MAN Lion’s Intercity The MAN TGE Minibuses Space for up to 19 passengers Equipment perfectly adapted to passenger transport Comfortable entry thanks to swing/sliding doors and entry aids To MAN TGE Minibuses The MAN TGE Panel Van Up to 18.4 m³ cargo capacity Simple load securing thanks to lashing rails and eyes [Van-AdditionalCosts] Low load sill and extra wide sliding door for easy loading and unloading To MAN TGE Panel Van The MAN TGE Chassis Cab Up to 5,500 mm body length possible Load capacity of up to 3.3 tonnes Various body options [Van-AufbauAusbau-AdditionalCosts] To MAN TGE Chassis Cab The MAN TGE Crew Cab Space for up to seven people (including the driver) Up to 4300 mm body length possible Extensive body options [Van-AufbauAusbau-AdditionalCosts] To MAN TGE Crew Cab The MAN TGE Combi Van Up to 9 seats (incl. driver) or alternative wheelchair space Flexible seating arrangement and high comfort and safety To MAN TGE Combi Van The MAN TGE Minibuses Available in Intercity, Coach and City versions Space for up to 19 people Perfectly coordinated equipment for the different needs of passenger transportation To MAN TGE Minibuses The MAN TGE Minibuses MAN Truck Services Comprehensive range of services for a cost-efficient truck fleet Repair and maintenance service including professional parts supply Services for optimised truck fleet management To MAN Truck Services MAN Bus Services Mobility and service solutions for high vehicle uptime Repair and maintenance services with MAN Genuine parts Optimised fleet management thanks to digital services To MAN Bus Services MAN Van Services Uptime guarantee for your MAN TGE Customised service contracts, extended warranty periods and financing solutions Flexible repair and maintenance service To MAN Van Services MAN Truck Services The MAN Individual top model Lion without compromise: The MAN TGX Individual Lion S Stunning exterior design Maximum interior comfort Absolute high performance To MAN TGX Individual Lion S POWERFUL INDIVIDUALITY – THE MAN e TGX INDIVIDUAL LION S Inspiring design, inside and out Maximum comfort with driver comfort package Dynamic performance with electric power and torque To MAN e TGX Individual Lion S King on every construction site: the MAN TGS Individual Lion S Impressive exterior design Robust, comfortable interior Exceptional off-road suitability To MAN TGS Individual Lion S The van in a class of its own: The MAN TGE Individual Lion S Exclusive exterior design with eye-catching red elements High-quality interior with LED lighting accents High-end equipment line for all those who love a strong appearance To MAN TGE Individual Lion S Lion without compromise: The MAN TGX Individual Lion S POWERFUL INDIVIDUALITY – THE MAN _e_TGX INDIVIDUAL LION S King on every construction site: the MAN TGS Individual Lion S The van in a class of its own: The MAN TGE Individual Lion S “For Three, For Free” – 3 months free of charge Test MAN DigitalServices: for your entire fleet* now 3 months free of charge!** Test our digital services three months free of charge – for every vehicle in your fleet*. The free trial period is available to all MAN customers who have not yet booked any of our chargeable services. It ends automatically. * depending on the type of vehicle and as far as the services are technically available ** Test campaign; applies to all new and existing MAN DigitalServices customers who have not yet or currently not booked any of the chargeable services that MAN offers via the RIO platform. Activate your test period here – simple, fast and free of charge Software upgrades for your vehicles. Anytime, anywhere. MAN Now! With MAN Now you benefit from a wide range of vehicle functionalities. And the best thing: To install software upgrades, there is no need to stop at the workshop – thanks to modern over-the-air technology. Discover MAN Now and test the MAN OnlineTraffic feature with free initial activation. Discover MAN Now Test MAN DigitalServices: for your entire fleet* now 3 months free of charge!** Software upgrades for your vehicles. Anytime, anywhere. MAN Now! News Europe's first eCoach comes from MAN The MAN Lion's Coach 14 E celebrated its world premiere at Busworld Europe in Brussels. Optimised aerodynamics and powerful battery packs enable a range of up to 650 kilometres [in-development] .  The MAN Lion's Coach 14 E has been named ‘Sustainable Bus of the Year 2026’. More MAN S imple P ay x MAN D river A pp : Faster refuelling With the MAN Driver App, drivers of MAN trucks and other truck brands can make contactless transactions for refuelling and parking. This removes the need to go to the checkout. To do so, you need to subscribe to MAN SimplePay, our digital platform for efficient operating cost management. Contactless transactions are currently possible with our cooperation partners UTA Edenred and TRAVIS Road Services. More about MAN S imple P ay Europe-wide charging made easy: join MAN Charge&Go now MAN Charge&Go is your complete solution for Europe-wide eTruck charging. Our free map gives you access to an extensive charging network in 15 countries, while the built-in charging station finder ensures you can always find the nearest en-route charging point. Benefit from a clear pricing structure and transparent billing that gives you full cost control. Discover the advantages of MAN Charge&Go now! More about MAN Charge&Go MAN DigitalServices Test our digital services three months free of charge – for every vehicle in your fleet (as far as technically possible). The free trial period is available to all MAN customers who have not yet booked any of our chargeable services. It ends automatically. Transport Solutions Competent consultancy for the switch to alternative drives. Individual customer solutions Where your desire meets our expertise Trucker’s World by MAN Once a trucker, always a trucker? If so, you’ve come to the right place: This is the club for all truck lovers. Want more information? This way, please! Any questions? Contact us Consultancy? Let’s meet in person: To your dealer Would you like to contact your MAN consultant? Find a contact person Disclaimers Under optimum conditions. Vehicle is in prototype or development status. Information derived from related products and projections. Information may change depending on the series status. Optional. Depending on the battery usage strategy and under favourable operating conditions: Low operational demands in terms of average speed, loading, topography and air-conditioning. Special equipment subject to additional charge. All optional bodies and upgrades are subject to an additional charge. Vehicle is in prototype or development status. Information derived from related products and projections. Information may change depending on the series status. Contact us Contact request Dealer & workshop search Truck configurator Van configurator MAN Bus Designer Press & Media Social Media MAN Truck & Bus MAN Truck & Bus Trucker's World by MAN MAN Truck & Bus MAN Truck & Bus SE Company MAN Truck & Bus Company Suppliers & partners Body Builder Truck Production sites Careers at MAN Compliance & Integrity Whistleblowing system Suspected Cyber Security Threat Portals MAN Service Portal MAN Shop MAN Trucker's World MAN TopUsed NEOPLAN Market Global Imprint Data protection Cookies EU Data Act General terms & conditions Recycling of scrap vehicles WLTP EU battery regulation © MAN 2025 General information Country-specific availability may vary. The availability, scope of service and specification of the respective service and vehicle model depend on the model year. The vehicles and products displayed on this website may differ in terms of shape, design, colour and scope of supply. Some of the images may include special equipment, accessories and decorative elements which are subject to an additional charge. The technical features and equipment of the vehicles described are merely examples and may differ, in particular on a country-specific basis. Products and services shown may not be available in all countries. We reserve the right to make changes at any time. The air-conditioning systems in our vehicles contain fluorinated greenhouse gases (R134a / GWP 1,430 with up to 1.15 kg equivalent to 1.6445 t CO 2 ). In MAN TGE vehicle classes N1, M1, N2 and M2, refrigerant of the type R1234yf is used. The GWP value of the refrigerant used is 4 (refrigerant type R1234yf). In case of one refrigerant compressor, filling quantities vary between 540 and 570 grams. In case of two refrigerant compressors they vary between 785 and 815 grams. With the MAN eTGE, refrigerant R134a is used. The GWP value of the refrigerant used is 1.430 (refrigerant type R134a). The fill levels depend on the refrigerant compressor and vary between 560 and 590 grams. We, MAN Truck & Bus SE, are aware of our product responsibility for the packaging we put on the market and implement the specifications of the Packaging Act (VerpackG) responsibly. You can return the packaging that we have placed on the market in Germany that is not subject to system participation free of charge. Additional information to MAN TGE Our MAN TGE vehicles are equipped with summer tyres as standard. Please check the national regulations regarding any mandatory winter tyres. Your MAN partner will be happy to advise you. The specified fuel consumption and emission data has been determined according to the measurement procedures specified by law. As from 1st September 2017, some new vehicles are already being type-approved according to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicles Test Procedure (WLTP), a more realistic test procedure for measuring fuel consumption and CO 2 emissions. Since 1st September 2018, WLTP has also replaced the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) for light commercial vehicles. In cases where the fuel consumption and emission values are specified as value ranges, these do not refer to a particular individual vehicle and do not constitute part of the sales offering. They are solely used for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Additional equipment and accessories (add-on parts, different tyre formats, etc.) may change relevant vehicle parameters, such as weight, rolling resistance and aerodynamics. In conjunction with weather and traffic conditions and driving style, they may also affect fuel and power consumption, CO 2 emissions and the performance figures for the vehicle. Efficiency classes rate vehicles for passenger transport with an M1 passenger vehicle registration according to the CO 2 emissions under consideration of the vehicle dead weight. Vehicles which conform to the average are classified as D. Vehicles which are above the current average are classified as A+, A, B or C. Vehicles which are below average are classified as E, F or G. Additional information regarding the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO 2 emissions of new vehicles for passenger transport with an M1 passenger vehicle registration can be found in the “Guide on the fuel economy, CO 2 emissions, and power consumptions of all new passenger car models”. This guideline is available free of charge at all sales points and from the DAT Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH, Hellmuth-Hirth-Str. 1, 73760 Ostfildern-Scharnhausen, Germany ( https://www.datgroup.com/ ). Embedding third-party content This website uses third-party content. In order to be able to use the website and its offers, please accept the collection and processing of your data by the relevant third-party providers. To do so, click on the red ‘Accept’ button. Further information can be found on our Data Protection & Cookies page. Accept MAN Truck MAN Bus MAN Van Embedding third-party content This website uses third-party content. In order to be able to use the website and its offers, please accept the collection and processing of your data by the relevant third-party providers. To do so, click on the red ‘Accept’ button. Further information can be found on our Data Protection & Cookies page. Accept