ManageEngine: ITOps, cybersecurity & service management software 2025: The year IT mastered balance Speed didn't cost security. Automation didn't replace human judgment. Progress didn't mean risk. REVEAL THE GUARDIANS OF IT Whether it's securing your business, ensuring high availability, or keeping your customers and employees happy, our AI-powered IT management solutions can help you solve these challenges and more. Identity and access management Active Directory & M365 management | MFA & SSO | Zero Trust | PAM Manage, govern, and secure digital identities and privileged access. Learn more Unified service management Enterprise and IT service delivery | IT asset management | Customers support Design, automate, deliver, and manage IT and business services. Learn more Unified endpoint management and security Desktops | Laptops | Servers | Mobile devices | Browsers Manage and secure desktops, servers, laptops, mobile devices, and web browsers. Learn more IT operations management and observability Observability | AIOps | DEM | Applications | Infrastructure | Network Monitor and manage your network, servers, and applications. Learn more Security information and event management Log management | Security auditing | Threat detection and response | UEBA Secure your network from cyberattacks and ensure compliance. Learn more Advanced IT analytics Unified IT analytics | AI-powered insights | IT data correlation | Capacity planning Visualize IT data and gain actionable insights into IT operations. Learn more Low-code app development Business process management | Workflow automation | Custom apps Build powerful custom applications rapidly and launch them on-premises. Learn more IT management for MSPs RMM | UEM | ITSM | ITOM | IAM | SIEM Grow your MSP business with scalable and secure IT management solutions. Learn more Cloud solutions for enterprise IT Cloud-ready | Cloud-native Scale your IT to support multi-cloud and hybrid infrastructures. Learn more Explore our products White paper Learn to fix IT incidents in minutes with AlOps Explore how AIOps can help predict, prevent, and remediate issues before they impact your business. GET YOUR COPY Your roadmap to experience-driven IT! ManageEngine has been recognized in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Experience Monitoring. ACCESS THE REPORT See the ROI behind your IT operations Discover how much time and money your team could save by optimizing IT operations. CALCULATE NOW Forrester study See how Endpoint Central delivered 442% ROI for enterprises. GET THE STUDY 1 2 3 4 Hear from our customers X LaBella Associates secures critical data and simplifies IT with ManageEngine’s integrated tools Europe ensures uptime with Applications Manager increases SLA compliance by 70 percent using Analytics Plus Watch now uses Log360 to solve log management challenges manages endpoints seamlessly with Endpoint Central How ManageEngine helps ECSO 911 safeguard southern Oregon with efficiency and security View more customer success stories » Trusted by at&t Barclays Sony GE Saint Gobain Ericsson LoReal NEC Connect. Ask. Share. Because IT is better together, always. Forums Blogs Marketplace Free tools Join the 70K users on ManageEngine PitStop. Events See all news » Free 30-day trial with access to all premium features. Free trials Thank you for registering. Check your email for the webinar confirmation details.