Property Management Software | Buildium Introducing a more powerful Buildium: Agentic AI + Advanced Automation + Flexible Customization Learn More Introducing a more powerful Buildium: Agentic AI + Advanced Automation + Flexible Customization Learn More Schedule a Demo Sign In Platform Platform Capabilities Intuitive AI Automation Customization Business Operations Leasing Accounting and Payments Marketing Business Performance Key Features Property Accounting Purpose-built property accounting software Collect Rent Online Get paid faster with our online payment platform Maintenance Requests Managing work orders has never been easier 1099 e-Filing Easily create your 1099s and stay organized during tax season Resident Center Deliver the ultimate resident experience Rental Listing Syndications Effortlessly advertise your listings Tenant Screening Tenant background checks Property Management Website A free property management website, hosted by Buildium Online Leasing Manage the entire leasing process online Buildium Marketplace An ever-expanding ecosystem of property management apps Open API Free your data to operate more efficiently Maintenance Contact Center Satisfy residents while reducing property risk Customer Success Buildium Help Hub Onboarding Buildium Rewards Customer Care Data Security Resident Center Resources Customer Stories All Features Portfolios Residential Properties Community Associations Commercial Properties Student Housing Pricing Resources All Resources 2026 Industry Report Customer Stories Industry Research Buildium Academy Buildium Help Hub NEW Buy now Free Trial Buy now Free Trial PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE Success Is a Choice Choose the property management software that powers you to do more than just manage properties. FREE TRIAL WATCH DEMO Introducing a more powerful Buildium Buildium is built for what’s next Buildium brings together leading-edge capabilities that turn up the dial and support your business at every stage. Think agentic AI that scales with your team. Advanced automation that runs quietly in the background. And flexible customization that adapts to your needs. All under one easy-to-use platform. Intuitive AI Harness the power, velocity and scale of agentic AI realistically. Learn More › Advanced Automation Automate the busywork, then take it further with advanced automation. Learn More › Flexible Customization Start strong with Buildium’s out-of-the-box setup, then fine-tune as you go. Learn More › Start your free trial today It takes just 30 seconds. No credit card required. Use sample data to see how Buildium handles your real-world tasks. By submitting this form, you consent to the use of your contact information in accordance with Buildium Terms and Privacy Policy Every feature . All in one platform . Accounting Payments Leasing Maintenance Mobile Apps Integrations Purpose-Built Accounting Get the guided workflows and automations made for property management that non-accountants want with the depth pros demand. Automatic bank reconciliation 1099 e-filing in minutes Property-specific financial reporting View Accounting Features Rent Collection Automate payments for your residents, owners, and vendors while opening up new revenue streams inside your portfolio. Convenient online rent and bill payments via ACH and credit card Funds automatically transferred to your bank account Optional transaction fees cover your costs or generate extra revenue View Payments Features Listing + Leasing Offer online leasing that fills vacancies fast and delights incoming residents. One-touch syndication to market your listings across top rental sites Seamless online rental applications with built-in tenant screening services 100% digital, paper-free leasing process View Leasing Features Maintenance + Operations Find efficiencies with every work order plus dig into analytics that back up smarter vendor management. 24/7 status tracking from anywhere Recurring tasks scheduling Integrated bill and invoice management View Maintenance Features The Best Property Management Apps Serve up the smoothest experience with top-rated mobile apps that put your communication on point with residents and owners. Highly rated property manager and Resident Center apps On-the-go connectivity for faster response times Self-service options that reduce calls and emails View Features Industry-Leading Integrations Centralize and build out your tech stack through an ecosystem of leading integrations in Buildium Marketplace. Proven apps from leading proptech partners No monthly subscriptions (pay as you go) Links right into your Buildium account Discover Marketplace Start a Free Trial View All Features Made for mixed portfolios Single Family Small Multifamily Community Association Student Housing Commercial Here’s what people are saying about Buildium Explore Customer Stories “I really like the [Resident Center]. Huge difference. I’m overly excited, it is just so easy to navigate, no question about where to submit work orders or how to make a payment.
” Ashley Simonelli || 12,000+ Units Owner Royal Palm Property Management INC “Buildium is an extension of your team…It’s our engine. It’s what keeps us going. Buildium is doing so much work for us behind the scenes that we don’t have to have someone doing.
” Jeannie Connors || 2,600+ Units VP of Operations & Law Realty Solutions “Buildium has done so much for our company. It has built a solid foundation of financial reporting and recording that allows our clients to have faith and trust in our every decision and move.
” Aram Gosdanian || 1,300+ Units Owner and President Abbeyhill Realty & Management 95% Customer Support Satisfaction Rating Success is our middle name (literally) Our Customer Success Team has spent years perfecting our renowned customer service model. From the moment you begin onboarding, your business is our sole focus. Reliable, live phone support in minutes (not hours) 85% of customer support calls are resolved on the first call 34% increase in support agent staffing since 2024 Customer Care Onboarding Need an app? Add it in a snap. Buildium Marketplace gives you on-demand access to the latest property management tools and platform integrations – from a growing roster of leading proptech partners. Select Buildium Marketplace integrations: Discover Marketplace Frequently Asked Questions Basics Company Pricing Features Compare What is property management software? Property management software (like Buildium) helps property managers save time and money by streamlining their day-to-day operations. Using a range of features, they can keep track of rent payments, communicate with tenants, schedule maintenance tasks, and generate financial reports. Property management software may also include tools such as online tenant portals, automated rent reminders, and mobile apps for access on-the-go, 24/7. What is Buildium, and who is it for? Buildium is all-in-one property management software. Its cloud-based platform is purpose-built for the unique tasks of property managers and real estate professionals. Some of the key features of Buildium include rental listings, tenant screening, lease management, rent collection, property accounting, maintenance requests, and communication tools. With Buildium, users can also access a range of reports and analytics to track their rental income, expenses, and other key metrics. What are the typical types of software used in property management? There’s a lot of software out there—from generic, one-size-fits all to solutions specifically designed for property management. While there’s really no hard-and-fast rule on which software gets you the most value (because every situation is different), there are features to look out for that will make a real impact with the lasting benefits. To take a deeper look, here are 5 Types of Property Management Software worth investing in. Why use property management software? Overall efficiency, ease of communication, accounting you can trust, new revenue streams…if these are aspects of your business that you’d like to grab ahold of, then there are plenty of reasons why you’d want to use property management software. Some of the top benefits involve making quick work of maintenance with improved response times and task automation; getting paid faster by automating payments and collecting rents, fees, bills and more; keeping in sync with your tenants through an online resident portal; and managing the entire leasing process online including collecting signatures from any device. What does property management software do? Property management software helps property managers and landlords streamline their operations and run their rental properties more efficiently. For software like Buildium, it gives you a centralized, all-in-one platform for taking on the day-to-day challenges that are unique to property management with features like property accounting, online leasing, resident portals, online payments, maintenance management tools, and reporting plus analytics. What benefits can I expect from using property management software? Property management software brings a lot to the table for property management businesses such as time-saving efficiency by automating day-to-day tasks (rent collection, maintenance requests), improved organization by centralizing lease and resident data, and streamlining operations overall—ultimately creating a better property owner, tenant, and homeowner experiences. What types of properties can be managed using property management software? No matter what type of property you’re managing, property management software can help. Buildium is purpose-built for residential property management—including single-family and multi-family rentals and community associations— and can also handle mixed portfolios with student housing, commercial properties, storage units, and more. Is property management software suitable for individual landlords as well as property management companies? No matter the portfolio size, all those who manage properties can benefit from using specialized property management software. Buildium customers include both landlords and third-party property management businesses with mixed portfolios featuring a wide range of property types (single-family, multifamily, associations, commercial, student housing, affordable) and growing portfolios all the way to fifteen thousand plus. When did Buildium come out? Buildium was founded in 2004 by Michael Monteiro and Dimitris Georgakopoulos. The company’s property management software launched in 2008 and has grown to be a leading industry platform—used by thousands of property managers to manage millions of rental properties year after year (with the latest updates, optimizations, enhancements and features). Is Buildium a good company? Buildium is the #1 most recommended property management software out there. It’s the go-to for thousands (and thousands) of property management companies across the U.S. and Canada—and features a trophy case full of awards and accolades. To see how Buildium’s property management software stacks up against the competition in software reviews, check out our blog post: The 9 Top-rated Property Management Software Solutions . How long has Buildium been in business? In 2004, Buildium started with a simple idea: make property management simpler and easier to control. Since then, we’ve offered the industry’s best property management software solution and continue to make investments in the product and customer experience—collecting awards, accolades and rave reviews along the way. Is customer support available for troubleshooting and assistance? When you sign up, our Onboarding Specialists help you learn the ins and outs of Buildium. Then, once you’re all set up for success, we’re available to answer your questions so you can keep up with your business’ demands. We’re committed to your success and growth, and while we don’t do it for the awards, we don’t mind getting them either. Our team has brought home Stevie Awards for Outstanding Customer Service for 8 consecutive years. Reach out to our team of experts or access our online knowledgebase of help articles and videos for fast answers, on-demand learning, and technical assistance. How much does Buildium cost? Buildium has three plans to choose from . The Essential plan starts at $58/month and has everything you need to automate your day-to-day and get your business running on a central property management software platform. The Growth plan starts at $183/ month and comes with additional features, support, and performance insights to let you optimize and grow your business. The Premium plan starts at $375/month and gives you access to a best-in-class Open API that allows you to create integrations between the Buildium and other software. Does Buildium have a free trial? Yes. Buildium offers a free 14-day trial for new users . It comes loaded with real-world sample data so you can jump in and take it for a full test drive. And there’s no credit card required. To sign up, you simply create a Buildium account. What is Buildium, and who is it for? Buildium is all-in-one property management software. Its cloud-based platform is purpose-built for the unique tasks of property managers and real estate professionals. Some of the key features of Buildium include rental listings, tenant screening, lease management, rent collection, property accounting, maintenance requests, and communication tools. With Buildium, users can also access a range of reports and analytics to track their rental income, expenses, and other key metrics. What does Buildium offer? A lot! With Buildium, you get a purpose-built suite of tools that lets you take control of your business—from making your operations hum to unlocking new ways to grow. The most notable features include property accounting, online leasing, resident portals for communication, online payments that simplify rent collection, maintenance management tools, and reporting plus analytics. What is included in a property management system? Not all property management software is equal, and the features they offer can vary from basic to comprehensive—like Buildium, which sets you up with everything you need. Our centralized platform gives you essential property management tools, such as property accounting, rent collection, maintenance management, resident portals, online leasing, business analytics, and much more. Does Buildium offer custom property management software? Yes! While Buildium’s core features include all the features (and functionality) most property managers need to conquer their challenging day-to-day, there are countless ways to customize. For example, Buildium allows you to create your own lease agreements, rent collection process, and penalties and late fees. Additionally, Buildium Marketplace lets you add on integrations in a snap with an ecosystem full of apps from leading property management software partners. And when you need a little more customization, there’s our Open API . What types of properties can be managed using property management software? No matter what type of property you’re managing, property management software can help. Buildium is purpose-built for the management of residential property management—including single-family and multi-family rentals and community associations— and can also handle mixed portfolios with student housing, commercial properties, storage units, and more. Can property management software assist with tenant screening and background checks? Yes indeed! Property management software can assist with tenant screening and background checks—and make the process much faster, organized, and compliant. Through tenant screening services provided by property management software, property managers can efficiently vet prospective tenants by accessing credit reports, eviction history, and identity verification, so that they can make informed decisions and select the tenants that are the best fit for vacancies. Can I track and manage property expenses using software for property management? Setting up company financials in your Buildium account is the first step in learning how to accurately track your company’s accounting books. Recording expenses for your company is done the same way you would record a bill or expense check on a managed property making for simple tracking and management of expenses. Additionally, our Buildium Marketplace partner, Clyr Expense Management , uses AI-driven expense management to boost efficiency and increase profit margins. How does property management software handle maintenance requests and work orders? Property management software streamlines maintenance requests and work orders by allowing tenants or property managers to submit requests electronically. The software then assigns tasks, notifies relevant parties, schedules maintenance, facilitates communication, tracks inventory and costs, and stores documentation. This centralized system improves efficiency and transparency in property management operations significantly. How do I request a live demo of Buildium? Scheduling a demo with one of our platform experts is quick and easy. You can do it by clicking the Request a Demo button on www.buildium.com or go straight to our Buildium Demo Page . Enter your information, submit the first form, and then you’ll be able to confirm a time for the demo in the next screen. What is the best software for property management? When you’re sizing up property management software, you should look for technology that gives you non-generic, purpose-built tools to take on the unique day-to-day challenges of property management. It’s also good to read through reviews, ratings and resources that compare the different options available to you. The 7 Best Property Management Software Solutions for 2023 is a good place to start (or continue) in your search. How often should you evaluate new property management tools? How often you evaluate new property management tools depend on several factors, such as the size of your property portfolio, the complexity of your operations, and your growth objectives. However, it’s generally a good idea to periodically size up new property management technology to make sure you’re using the most effective and efficient solutions available. Some factors that signal it may be time to look around may include if your software is outdated, your growth goals have changed, you’re experiencing unexpected tenant turnover, you’re having accounting or financial process issues, or you’re struggling to offer a good customer and tenant experience. And these are just a few reasons. Check out the 5 Types of Property Management Software Worth Investing In . What factors should I consider when choosing the right property management software for my needs? When searching for the right property management software, it’s important to consider software that helps you achieve your goals as a business whether that means enhancing operational efficiency, business growth, or new revenue. You’ll want to make sure that core functions like accounting, reporting, and analytics will help take the guesswork out of your finances and performance; that your relationships with clients, residents, and vendors will be enhanced through transparency, communication, and efficiency; that it’s easy to connect to the services and solutions that you trust to help control the chaos of your day-to-day. Still have questions? Request a personalized demo . Is it possible to integrate property management software with other tools or platforms I already use? Buildium’s Open API integrates your most critical property, resident and accounting data with your other business applications to open up access and insight into what matters most. The flexibility and ease-of-use for developers is unmatched in the industry. Check out our developer tools for more technical information. Your Buildium Demo is just two steps away! Schedule a Demo Schedule a Demo TAKE A TOUR Start My Free Trial Join our blog newsletter to stay up to date on property management industry insights. * Subscribe Platform Overview Pricing Blog Resources Customer Stories Buildium Academy Knowledge Base Careers Integrations Affiliate Program Customer Referral Program Partner with Buildium Participate in Product Research Sitemap CONTACT US Sales: 877-396-7876 Global Headquarters RealPage 2201 Lakeside Blvd. Richardson, TX 75082 ©2025 Buildium, A RealPage Company ® . All rights reserved. | Website Terms | Privacy Policy | Subscriber Center | Cookie Settings | DMCA Notice Facebook LinkedIn Instagram Twitter