Official website for Manchester Airport Travelling by public transport to/from Manchester Airport over the Christmas period? Find out more. 1 of 5 My bookings Home Flights Flight Departures Terminal 1 & 3 Departures Terminal 2 Departures Flight Arrivals Terminal 1 & 3 Arrivals Terminal 2 Arrivals Which Terminal? Airlines Guides to Travelling New Routes Checking-in Security Passport Control Luggage Carbon Offsetting Parking Parking Options Meet and Greet Multi Storey JetParks Drop & Go Long Stay Mid Stay Short Stay Terminal 1 Parking Terminal 2 Parking Terminal 3 Parking Turn Up and Park Pick Up and Drop Off Parking FAQs Pay Drop Off Charge Blue Badge Parking Other UK Airports Duty Free World Duty Free At the Airport Terminal 1 Guide Terminal 2 Guide Terminal 3 Guide Airport Lounges Shopping Restaurants Exclusive Terminal - aether Airport Facilities FastTrack & TimeSlot Assisted Travel Security Information Meet & Assist Travelling with Children Currency Exchange Car Hire at the Airport Hotels at the Airport Runway Visitor Park Concorde Conference Centre Getting To and From By Train By Car By Coach By Bus By Bike Taxis and Private Hire Metrolink Airport Parking Pick Up and Drop Off Pay Drop Off Charge Car Hire Hotels at the Airport To and from Liverpool To and from Sheffield To and from Manchester To and from Leeds To and from Glasgow Flights and Hotels Book Flights Destinations A-Z Holidays Travel Insurance Airport Hotels Worldwide Transfers Car Hire at Destination Destination Guides Travel Ideas Attractions Competitions and Offers Help Contact Us FAQs Airport Facilities Lost Property Assisted Travel Security Airlines Guides to Travelling Travelling with Children Manchester Airport Your gateway to the world Don't forget to pay Pick Up & Drop Off charges by midnight the next day If you’ve used our designated Drop Off or Express Pick Up zones, please note that a minimum charge applies. Flights Pay here Pre-book your parking and save up to 77% Cancel for free up to 1 hour before arrival Entry date Entry time Exit date Exit time Party size 0 Travellers Adult(s) Age 16+ 0 Children 3-15 years old 0 Select Terminals * Book now Lounges FastTrack Duty Free Airport Hotels eSIMs Transfers Parking Pre-book parking and save up to 77% Save time and money with our convenient airport parking. With options to suit every trip and budget - the earlier you book, the more money you save. Secure your spot Timeslot Travel smarter and breeze through security with Timeslot Speed through security by pre-booking your slot with Timeslot, our easy-to-use service available in Terminal 2 and 3. Book now Greggs Greggs on the Go From Sausage Rolls before take-off to pizza after landing, fuel your trip. Skip queues with Click + Collect and scan to enjoy rewards. Find out more Getting to and from the airport How to get to and from Manchester Airport by train, car, coach or taxi By train Direct trains to and from major cities, running seven days a week. By car Whether you need to park, pick up or drop off, here's how to get to and from the airport by car. By coach Get a coach to and from hundreds of locations across the UK. By taxi Book a private hire vehicle or black cab from the airport View all options Useful Links Security checks What to expect Travel money Great deals on currency Assisted travel Help to plan your route Free Wi-Fi Stay connected while you travel Pick up and drop off Where to park Careers New vacancies available Assisted Travel For more information about assisted travel, please see our Assisted Travel page. Learn more *We are trialling this new system to provide as much information as we can to our customers. It is based on estimates and may not always be accurate. Please arrive at the airport in good time. We recommend three hours before your scheduled departure, but you should check with your airline. Waiting times are estimated for security only and do not include check-in. No responsibility is taken for the correctness of this information. Please check updated waiting times regularly and note any additional information provided by your airline. Sign up for special offers and more! Manchester Airport would like to send you marketing emails and SMS regarding: Airport discounts Competitions Services and announcements Sign up We take your privacy seriously. Read our Privacy Notice to find out how we handle and process your personal information. By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions . Know what you are looking for? Airport Transfers Train Taxis Coach Bus Tram Parking Meet and Greet Multi Storey JetParks Long Stay Mid Stay Short Stay At the Airport Security FastTrack TimeSlot Escape Lounges 1903 Lounge Reserve & Collect The Private Terminal - aether Plan your Trip Airport Transfers Book Flights Airport Hotels Car Hire Travel Insurance Passenger Guides Security Guides to Travelling FAQs Contact Us About MAG Who We Are Community Company Details Careers at MAG Information Media Centre Modern Slavery Act Byelaws Injunction Follow us ©2025 Manchester Airport plc. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Accessibility Site Map Cookie Policy Privacy Notice