Manhattan Institute | Creative. Bold. Independent. Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Governance Health Public Safety Tech Explore Content Publications Polls Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Research Integrity Press & Media Staff Trustees Scholars College Rankings City Journal Donate Search Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Governance Health Public Safety Tech Explore Content Publications Polls Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Research Integrity Press & Media Staff Trustees Scholars College Rankings Donate 52 Vanderbilt Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 599-7000 info@manhattan-institute.org The Manhattan Institute works to keep America and its great cities prosperous, safe, and free. Stay informed about our work Donate Stay informed about our work The Manhattan Institute works to keep America and its great cities prosperous, safe, and free. Stay informed about our work Donate Stay informed about our work Stay informed about our work Donate Stay informed about our work Spotlight 04 February 2026 Event Cities Event Cities 04 February 2026 2026 City Journal Award 2025 College Rankings Choosing a college? Read this first. Issue Brief Governance, Economics, Cities New York, Housing Dec 19 2025 Why Zohran Mamdani’s “Freeze the Rent” Policy Won’t Get Past NYC’s Rent Guidelines Board By Jarrett Dieterle Read time 15 mins Read More Commentary Governance Dec 18 2025 Rescheduling Marijuana Is an Enormous Mistake By Charles Fain Lehman Read time 2 mins Read More Commentary Culture Culture & Society Dec 18 2025 Into the Mind of the Conspiracy Theorist By James B. Meigs Read time 2 mins Read More Commentary Governance Proxy Monitor Dec 15 2025 Why Trump Is Targeting Proxy Advisers By James R. Copland Read time 2 mins Read More Our Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Governance Health Public Safety Tech Cities We work to improve the quality of life in America’s great cities by fostering competition, entrepreneurship, and fiscal responsibility at the state and local level. View Policy Area Culture We seek to overcome America’s cultural divides by offering constructive alternatives to identity politics View Policy Area Economics We promote prosperity and upward mobility through the advancement of economic freedom, fiscal responsibility, and entrepreneurial innovation. View Policy Area Education We develop policies that increase educational freedom and encourage the creation and expansion of high-performing schools. View Policy Area Governance We defend equality before the law and help improve the quality of governance by promoting transparency, accountability, and evidence-based reforms. View Policy Area Health We develop policy solutions that empower patients and consumers by encouraging competition, transparency, accountability, and innovation. View Policy Area Public Safety We advance creative, evidence-based policy ideas for better policing, public safety, and criminal justice. View Policy Area Tech We champion policies that maintain American dominance of the technology frontier: regulatory restraint, energy abundance, and the development of a highly-skilled and entrepreneurial workforce. View Policy Area Upcoming Events 04 February 2026 04 04 February 2026 Event Feb 04 2026 2026 City Journal Award 12 February 2026 12 12 February 2026 Event Feb 12 2026 A Better Life : Lionel Shriver in Conversation with Douglas Murray Lionel Shriver , Douglas Murray Latest Podcasts - - - - - By - - - - - - - By - - - - - - - By - - - - - - - By - - Join our team We are always looking for entrepreneurial, self-driven, resourceful, and detail-oriented employees to help put MI's work in the hands of key policymakers and others. View open positions Projects Adam Smith Society SmithSoc is a community of business students and professionals who join together to discuss and debate the contributions of the free market toward advancing human flourishing and opportunity for all. View this project Metropolitan Majority Speaking up for the multiethnic mainstream in America’s metros. View this project New York City: Renewed Gotham will bounce back—and the Manhattan Institute is here to help spark its renaissance. View this project Proxy Monitor Shedding light on the influence of shareholder proposals on corporations. View this project Trial Lawyers, Inc. Highlighting the ramifications of litigation practices and fostering a more transparent and effective legal system. View this project Logos Initiative The Logos Initiative exists to expose corruption within America’s institutions and mobilize public opinion to achieve concrete cultural and policy reforms needed to restore institutional integrity. View this project American Public Higher Education Reform A publication series to reform and strengthen American public higher education institutions. View this project - - By - - - By - More from City Journal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe Bug Bounty Program Copyright © 2025 Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, Inc. All rights reserved. 52 Vanderbilt Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 599-7000 Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Governance Health Public Safety Tech Explore Content Publications Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects City Journal College Rankings Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Scholars Research Integrity Contact us Press & Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe Bug Bounty Program Copyright © 2025 Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, Inc. All rights reserved. EIN #13-2912529 - - - - - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - 01 January 1970 Event - - Event - - 01 January 1970 - - 01 January 1970 01 01 January 1970 Event - Jan 01 1970 - - - - - - - - - Latest Podcast - - - - - - - - - - - By - - - - By -