Retail and Supply Chain Software Solutions | Manhattan NEW - Demo Series Careers Find a Partner Request a Demo Change Location Back to Main Menu Americas (2) Back to Location & Language Brazil Latin America Europe (6) Back to Location & Language France Germany Italy United Kingdom Netherlands Spain Asia (5) Back to Location & Language Australia China India Japan Singapore Change Location Login Search Please type a query Featured Topics View latest industry guide for Retailers Learn how we have one app for everything point of sale Get the latest insights into supply chain commerce Gartner Magic Quadrant for WMS Manhattan is a 17-time Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for WMS, recognized for its cloud-native, microservices-based warehouse management solutions. Platform Back to Main Menu Manhattan Active® Technology AI Agents Behavioral Intelligence Computational Intelligence Data Management Developer Tools & API Transforming Customer Service with Agentic AI for Retail Manhattan Active Maven for customer service makes it more convenient, compelling, and satisfying for customers to get automated assistance through chat. Transforming Customer Service with Agentic AI for Retail Manhattan Active Maven for customer service makes it more convenient, compelling, and satisfying for customers to get automated assistance through chat. Solutions Back to Main Menu Omnichannel Commerce B2B Commerce Supply Chain Execution Supply Chain Planning View All Solutions Gartner Magic Quadrant for WMS Manhattan is a 17-time Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for WMS, recognized for its cloud-native, microservices-based warehouse management solutions. Gartner Magic Quadrant for WMS Manhattan is a 17-time Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for WMS, recognized for its cloud-native, microservices-based warehouse management solutions. Back to Solutions Overview Order Management Point of Sale Customer Service & Engagement Agentic AI Chatbot for Customer Service Store Inventory & Fulfillment Back to Solutions B2B Promising & Fulfillment Back to Solutions Overview Warehouse Management Labor Management Transportation Management Yard Management Manhattan SCALE Carrier Management Back to Solutions Overview Demand Forecasting Replenishment Allocation Unified Business Planning Industries Back to Main Menu Consumer Goods Food & Beverage Grocery Manufacturing Medical & Pharmaceutical Retail Trucking / Carrier Management Wholesale Third-Party Logistics Maximize Freshness and Minimize Costs with Manhattan Active® Supply Chain Groceries are an essential human need, and grocers need to distribute products and food items to their customers, fast and without fail. But without a unified warehouse and transportation platform, orchestrating efficiency with high visibility can be hard to deliver.  Learn how Manhattan Active® Supply Chain handles the most complex grocery supply chain networks in the world. Maximize Freshness and Minimize Costs with Manhattan Active® Supply Chain Groceries are an essential human need, and grocers need to distribute products and food items to their customers, fast and without fail. But without a unified warehouse and transportation platform, orchestrating efficiency with high visibility can be hard to deliver.  Learn how Manhattan Active® Supply Chain handles the most complex grocery supply chain networks in the world. Resources Back to Main Menu Visit Resource Center New! Demo Series The Modern Store The Modern TMS The Modern OM Manhattan Blog Trending Topics 2025 Unified Commerce Benchmark Only 5% of retailers achieve unified commerce leadership. Learn how in the new reports. 2025 Unified Commerce Benchmark Only 5% of retailers achieve unified commerce leadership. Learn how in the new reports. Back to Resources AI & Robotics Customer Experience Employee Engagement Inventory Optimization Omnichannel Commerce The Digital Supply Chain Sustainability Life at Manhattan Customer Success Support & Services Back to Main Menu Overview Customer Support Training & Education Enterprise Mobility Professional Services Continuous Workflow Validation About Us Back to Main Menu Learn About Manhattan Who We Are ESG Events Newsroom Customers Careers Investors Momentum The premier event for supply chain professionals was live from Las Vegas for three days of excitement, innovation, partnerships, and networking - and we will be back May18-21, 2026! Momentum The premier event for supply chain professionals was live from Las Vegas for three days of excitement, innovation, partnerships, and networking - and we will be back May18-21, 2026! Back to About Us Overview Our Story Office Locations Awards Back to About Us Diversity and Inclusion Leadership Team Board of Directors Back to About Us Overview Our People Our Communities Sustainability Ensuring Privacy Governance Back to About Us View All Events Momentum Back to About Us Visit Newsroom Press Releases News Articles Events Blog Back to About Us Community Hub Customer Success Product Council Supply Chain Leaders Program Back to About Us Visit IR Website Analyst Coverage Annual Reports & Proxies Corporate Governance Events & Presentations Financial News GAAP to Non GAAP Reconciliation Online Investor Kit Quarterly Earnings SEC Filings Stock Information Contact Us NEW - Demo Series Careers Find a Partner Request a Demo Change Location Back to Main Menu Americas (2) Back to Location & Language Brazil Latin America Europe (6) Back to Location & Language France Germany Italy United Kingdom Netherlands Spain Asia (5) Back to Location & Language Australia China India Japan Singapore Change Location Login Play/Pause Make Your Best Business Possible Seamlessly connect every aspect of your operations with unified supply chain and retail software that drives efficiency, profitability, and success. Find Out How Autonomous Agents Set to Revolutionize Transportation Management Global research from Manhattan Associates finds integration difficulties and data quality remain significant hurdles for organizations looking to leverage AI across transportation management. Read the Press Release The Road Ahead: Unlocking the Future of Transportation Management Explore what 1,450 global supply chain leaders are prioritizing and uncover the trends shaping transportation through 2030. Get the Report What Are Your Biggest Business Challenges? Select an option below to see how Manhattan solutions can help your business. Unified Business Planning Workforce Retention Transportation & Distribution Unification Cloud Technology Transformation Profitable Promising & Fulfillment Inventory Forecasting Complexity Solve it With Unified Cloud Solutions Cloud-Native, Consistent Unified Commerce Experiences A single unified SaaS platform—powered by intuitive workflows, intelligent promising, optimized fulfillment, and agentic customer service—that allows retailers to deliver customer-centric retail experiences across every channel and every point of the buyer journey. Learn More Seamless Inventory and Order Management Fulfill customer orders with ease with global inventory visibility, hyper-fast and accurate delivery promising, RFID-enabled store fulfillment, and much more. Learn More Connected Point of Sale Software Empower your retail associates with a cloud-native POS that provides visibility of your entire retail network and a 360-degree profile of every customer interaction with your brand—creating a customized buyer's journey that caters to every omnichannel need. Learn More See Everything Get the most adaptable, configurable, extensible, and scalable supply chain planning solution ever created—built entirely on a modern microservices architecture—that delivers a holistic view of selling and fulfillment strategies across every channel. Learn More Optimize Strategies Exceed customer expectations with forecasting, replenishment, and allocation solutions designed to maximize inventory investments. Learn More Make Smarter Decisions Gain infused machine learning technology that learns and adapts inventory strategies autonomously, senses changes in demand patterns, and self-adjusts the algorithm reducing risks of stock outs and overages. Learn More Cloud-Native Unified Supply Chain Ensure fluid, efficient, and connected supply chain execution with enterprise-wide unification of distribution, labor, automation, transportation, and yard management. Learn More Workforce Empowerment Empower distribution and transportation teams with intuitive workflows and interfaces, optimized pick paths that minimize travel, and gamified tasking that maximizes efficiency and improves workforce satisfaction. Learn More Coordination of Man and Machine Orchestrate every resource in the warehouse simultaneously—including labor, automation, and robotics—with the only WES built inside a WMS made to maximize utilization across all methods of fulfillment. Learn More A Foundation for Unification Experience a cloud-native, evergreen, and API-first extensible technology platform engineered to handle the most complex supply chain commerce networks and designed to never feel like it. Learn More Smarter Supply Chain Commerce Computational and behavioral intelligence is infused into every solution using adaptive systems, decision science, data science, gamification, and more. Learn More Developer Friendly Take control and build your supply chain commerce future system with extensive knowledgebases and WYSIWYG dev tools that access hundreds of thousands of API endpoints and extension points—enabling you to add, modify, or replace any feature or function seamlessly. Learn More Get Measurable Results Take a look at some of our customer success stories to see how Manhattan empowers some of the world's leading brands to deliver and drive growth. KeHE Food Distributors 25% KeHE Food Distributors saw significant service level improvement and a 25% reduction in spoils in distribution centers where Manhattan Demand Forecasting and Replenishment is implemented. Read How Pet Supplies Plus 730+ stores Pet Supplies Plus achieved optimal omnichannel operations for its 730+ store network with Manhattan’s cloud-native WMS. Read How PacSun 40k units PacSun sold roughly 40,000 units per day from all closed store locations during the COVID-19 pandemic with Manhattan Active Omni's ship-from-store capabilities. Watch the Video Trusted By World-Class Brands to Deliver Putting Our Customers in Position to Succeed Customer Success Story with Legacy Supply Chain Discover how Legacy Supply Chain boosts efficiency with Manhattan SCALE™, streamlining operations, reducing costs, and scaling confidently across North America. Watch the Video Customer Success Story with Staples Learn how Staples scaled nationwide with Manhattan Active® Warehouse Management—deploying 10 sites in five-week intervals without order disruption. Watch the Video Customer Success Story with Pet Supplies Plus Learn how Pet Supplies Plus strengthened supply chain execution with Manhattan, ensuring collaboration, efficiency, and happy customers across 700+ stores. Watch the Video Customer Success Story with Floor & Decor See how Floor & Decor boosted availability with Manhattan’s Demand Forecasting & Inventory Optimization, achieving best in-stocks in 15 years. Watch the Video Customer Success Story with Pacsun See how Pacsun boosted margins and scaled fulfillment with Manhattan Active® Omni’s ship-from-store solution. Watch the Video How to Build a Resilient, Agile Supply Chain for Peak Season Success Learn how retailers can build a resilient, agile supply chain for peak season success with strategies to boost flexibility and reduce risk. Learn More The Role of Data Analytics and Reporting in Transportation Management Systems Discover how advanced analytics and real-time reporting empower modern Transportation Management Systems (TMS) to drive smarter, faster logistics decisions. Learn More Key Modules & Features of a Transportation Management System Explore the key features and modules of a transport management system (TMS) and learn how they can improve supply chain efficiency and the customer experience. Learn More View All Customer Success Stories We’re a Great Place to Work Too Manhattan is always looking for problem solvers. We’ve got over 4,150 employees on five continents—and we’re hiring more all the time. Visit Careers Page Omnichannel Commerce Omnichannel Commerce Point of Sale Software Store Inventory & Fulfillment Customer Service & Engagement Order Management Supply Chain Execution Warehouse Management Transportation Management Yard Management Labor Management Carrier Management Supply Chain Planning Supply Chain Planning Demand Forecasting Replenishment Allocation Resources Customer Support Insights Company Careers Newsroom Investors ESG Contact Us Contact Us Press Inquiries Office Locations © 2026 Manhattan Associates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Trust Center