Mantle Network | Building the Liquidity Chain of the Future Ecosystem Bridge Developers Governance Resources en en Mass adoption of token-governed technologies With Mantle Network, Ethereum's largest L2 network with ZK proofs, Mantle Treasury and a token holder governed roadmap for products and initiatives. Bridge to Mantle Explore Get MNT We build $MNT-powered products on Ethereum ZK Roadmap Delivering institutional-grade settlement and value transfer as the world's largest L2 with ZK validity proofs — supporting banking for the next generation. Learn More Modular Design Upgradable modules for execution, data availability, and finality. Build On Mantle EigenLayer Integration First L2 to adopt EigenDA technology and enable ETH restaking via Eigenlayer. Restake Native ETH Asset mETH Protocol is a liquid ETH staking and restaking protocol that maximizes yields — widely accepted as collateral in CEXs & DeFi apps, and money markets. Native BTC Asset Ignition fBTC bridges Bitcoin into Web3, unlocking new financial opportunities as the most integrated wrapped BTC asset, powering ecosystems like Babylon, Solv Protocol, and PumpBTC. Stables-Backed Yield Asset Partnerships Ethena USDe: ~20% of Mantle's Treasury earnings are in $ENA. Agora AUSD: Integrated treasury yield across all Mantle products, featuring Agora, an institutional-grade stablecoin issuer backed by VanEck and State Street. Ondo USDy: The first to support Ondo, providing innovative yield generation solutions while increasing ecosystem robustness. We work with initiatives that boost user gains & fortify the ecosystem EcoFund The Mantle EcoFund, with a $200M catalyzed capital pool, drives ecosystem growth by backing transformative projects and accessing top-tier deal flow through 20 leading VCs like Polychain and Dragonfly. Mirana Ventures Mirana Ventures plays a strategic role in supporting Mantle's EcoFund, leveraging its deep expertise in venture capital. With a track record of investing in over 30 funds and executing high-impact deals, Mirana brings seasoned guidance and industry insights to Mantle’s ecosystem growth. Bybit Bybit’s support boosts Mantle’s liquidity and DeFi-CeFi interoperability, integrating yield-bearing assets as collateral, simplifying asset operations, enabling fiat on/off ramps, and bridging on-chain and CEX yield opportunities. Mantle Governance: Token holders determine the strategic direction of the Mantle ecosystem Governance All decisions, from launching new initiatives, to transferring and recalling treasury resources, assigning and modifying powers to operating teams, and implementing corrective actions, are subject to proposals and voting by $MNT token holders. Forum Snapshot Delegate Resource Management As stewards of a significant treasury, we prioritize value, transparency, and accountability — contributing TVL to partners and rewarding Mantle token holders with earned ecosystem tokens to foster community engagement. Treasury Monitor Mantle Rewards Station Join the Community X/Twitter Telegram Discord Careers