MapFactor - Navigace & Sledování vozidel pro všechny řidiče Products Navigation Vehicle Tracking Developers – SDK/OCX MapExplorer Wake Me There Shop All products Navigation Software Sat Nav Devices MapStick & USB Drives GPS Modules Map Updates Vehicle Tracking Accessories For Developers Blog About About Us Press releases Support Donate Contact Us English (EUR) English (EUR) Čeština (Kč) Deutsch (EUR) 0 Navigation Navigation hardware and software Find the right way everytime. With Navigator. Simply. Explore Navigation Solutions Tracking Vehicle Tracking Take control of your vehicle fleet in Europe with Tracking4Free Explore Tracking Solutions / Scroll Down Call us Today: +420 257 328 300 Send Email: info@mapfactor.com Our Services 01 Navigation Navigate with confidence using the popular MapFactor offline GPS navigation. Perfect for every journey, whether you are on foot, biking, in a car, or driving a truck. Read More 02 Tracking Gain constant oversight with our online tracking solutions. Track vehicles, goods, or personnel effortlessly. Reduce costs and manage your fleet effectively. Read More 03 Developers Enhance your own app with our SDK or OCX. Integrate offline maps, location, routing and navigation features effortlessly to help your customers be efficient. Read More About Us Navigation And Tracking Solutions For All Drivers Since 2001, we have been a leading tech company dedicated to the development of advanced navigation applications and vehicle tracking systems. Our products have helped millions of users worldwide find the best routes and reach their destinations safely. With our reliable offline map and navigation solutions, you can navigate confidently even without a data connection. For two decades, we have specialised in creating navigation solutions for professional drivers, enhancing dispatcher-driver communication, and integrating our navigation and tracking services into larger telematic and logistics systems. Read More 0 mil installs 0 * high app rating 0 + mil positive ratings 0 + years of experience Mobile and Desktop App Navigator is all you need Navigator offers intuitive turn-by-turn voice navigation in different languages with many useful features, e.g. speed limits, camera warnings, favourite routes and places, POI, lane guidance, different routing modes (car, bus, truck, pedestrian, bicycle, motorcycle, motorhome, caravan or camper), 2D/3D mode, night/day mode, optional live traffic feature and more. Features Offline maps Truck-ready Premium features All platforms More about Navigator More about Navigator Testimonials What People Say About Our Products Used this nav app in UK and all over Europe for several years now and it has always outperformed the big boys and provided full essential functions without unnecessary complexity. Yet has flexible waypointing and is quick to respond to changes en route and diversions. Website has lots of info on importing POIs and assistance. Well done mapfactor navigator Beatrice P. Google Play review, May 17, 2024 This is the absolute BEST navigation app for Android. As a long time user, it's helped me many times and is great for various reasons. The company is first rate for customer care to, as they sorted out a query I wanted help with recently whilst I was setting up a new tablet. A quick email to them and they sorted out my problem. You have the option to either use the maps for free that come with it, or buy to Tom maps.There are a great many features for customising.100% score!!! SkipSpotter Google Play review, August 1, 2019 Excellent application, very complete and clear. And it works great even offline only with GPS!!! The paths are also marked out and so I also use it for excursions... Fantastic. Loris Google Play review, 5 Jun, 2024 Blog Our latest news View More Plan POI Stops Along Your Route – Now Easier with Navigator 8 • September 12, 2025 MapFactor Navigator 8 is now available! The new version brings exciting improvements, including the ability to display nearby Points of Interest (POIs) along your route, new map colour schemes inspired by OpenStreetMap, and many under-the-hood enhancements. Perfect for making your journeys easier and more enjoyable. Read More... MapFactor Releases Navigator 25 With Updated Offline Maps and Enhanced Integration Features • June 11, 2025 The new version of MapFactor Navigator 25 is now available for Windows and Windows CE devices. It offers the latest offline maps for over 200 countries, remote command support and easy integration into telematics systems. Contacts Contact us if you have  any query about our products or service We are here to help Contact Us Prague Office Location: Štefánikova 24 150 00, Praha 5 – Smíchov Czechia Phone: +420 257 328 300 Email: info@mapfactor.com Opening hours: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM CET Prague Office Location: Štefánikova 24 150 00, Praha 5 – Smíchov Czechia Phone: +420 257 328 300 Email: info@mapfactor.com Opening hours: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM CET License Agreement Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions of Trading Cookie Policy (EU) © 2025 MAPFACTOR. All rights reserved What are Cookies and why do we need your consent? To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookies consent