Map of Ireland, Ireland Map, Google Maps Ireland, Geography Map Ireland, Interesting Facts Ireland Toggle navigation Home Distance/Area Distance/Area Map Radius Map Population Coordinates Route Planner Map My
                                        Route Create a Map Ireland Dublin Belfast Cork Galway Limerick Waterford Kilkenny Derry National Parks Heritage Sites Irish Islands Mountaineering Surfing Windsurfing Geography Map of Ireland Ireland is an island in western Europe, surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean and the Irish Sea
                            (which separates Ireland from Great Britain). It is the 20th largest island in the world.
                            Ireland has a land mass of 84,420 km² (32,595 mi²) and is dish shaped with the coastal areas
                            being mountainous and the midlands low and flat. Historically divided into four provinces,
                            Ireland is further subdivided into 32 counties. Ireland is famous for its unpredictable and often wet weather which varies from being hot
                            one day, cold the next, sunny one hour and showers the next. This is caused by Ireland's
                            weather convergence meaning the island is hit by three weather systems at once. Cold air
                            blasts it from the North Pole, Asia contributes warm, dry winds and the Gulf Stream provides
                            the rain. Below is a google map showing some of the main geographical features of Ireland. Activate map Extremities of Ireland Most Northerly
                                            Point Most Easterly
                                            Point Most Southerly
                                            Point Most Westerly
                                            Point Highest Mountains Carrauntoohil, Co.
                                            Kerry Beenkeragh, Co.
                                            Kerry Caher, Co.
                                            Kerry Mount Brandon, Co.
                                            Kerry Longest Rivers River Shannon River Barrow River Suir River
                                            Blackwater Largest Lakes Lough Neagh Lough Corrib Lough Derg Lough Erne Other Facts Centre of
                                            Ireland Closest to
                                            Britain Highest Lake Largest City Largest County Smallest
                                            County Largest Island Largest Sea
                                            Inlet Longest Beach Tallest Sea
                                            Cliffs Tallest
                                            Waterfall About Us Contact Us About Us Blog Sitemap City Maps Dublin Map Belfast Map Cork Map Galway Map Limerick Map Waterford Map Kilkenny Map Derry Map Mapping Tools Route Planner Measure
                                Distance / Area Radius Map GPS Coordinates Map a Route Create a Map World Population Map Activities & Attractions National Parks Heritage Sites Irelands Islands Mountaineering Surfing Windsurfing Partners Galway Tourism South East
                                Ireland North West Ireland GPS Ireland Buscar Coordenadas GPS 2025 © Maps.ie. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Cookies | Contact Us