Marantz | Reference AV Receivers, Amplifiers, Home Theater & Hi-Fi Sound Skip to main content Skip to footer content Menu Close Back Featured Products Featured Products AV 20 Reference 13.4 Channel Balanced AV Preamplifier and Powered by HEOS™ AMP 20 Reference 12 Channel Amplifier with 200W and Exclusive HDAM MODEL M1 2 Channel Wireless Streaming Amplifier Powered by HEOS™ with 100W and eARC Learn More Discover All Featured Products Learn More Products Products Amplifiers AV Receivers AV Separates CD & SACD Players Turntables Network Audio Players Wireless Speakers Marantz Horizon Discover All Products Marantz Horizon Collections Categories 8K Slimline Dolby Atmos Wireless Streaming Home Theater Hi-Fi Series CINEMA Series 10 Series Hi-Fi Discover All Collections Hi-Fi World of Marantz Latest Stories Dirac Live CINEMA Series 70th Anniversary Marantz DNA Iconic Design Born in New York A Mark of Performance The Most Musical Sound Learn More Discover All World of Marantz Learn More HEOS® Customer Care Find a Retailer Celebrate with Marantz Fill the New Year with exceptional sound Learn more World of Marantz Shirakawa Audio Works Shirakawa Audio Works has been Marantz’s manufacturing home since 2002. Read More Marantz Horizon and HEOS® Marantz Horizon and Marantz Grand Horizon are engineered to deliver exceptional audio experiences that blend luxurious design with superior sound quality—they provide discerning listeners with an unparalleled auditory journey. Read More Iconic Design Marantz Industrial Design Director & Creative Director Begüm Tomruk takes us behind the scenes of the design process, discussing how these cutting-edge firsts for Marantz took inspiration from over 70 years of Hi-Fi design heritage. Read More Bring home the cinema CINEMA Series Listen and watch differently with the new Marantz CINEMA series. With artisanal craftsmanship, inspired design, and nearly 70 years of innovation. This is cinematic sound, redefined. That means sound that’s better than the theaters, to reveal entertainment the way it’s meant to be heard. Explore the Series Discover the Best of Marantz AV Receivers Amplifiers AV Separates Turntables CD Players Network Audio Players The smart way to connect your whole home with the sounds you love. Learn More Experience Marantz in person. Find a retailer Oude Stadsgracht 1, 5611 DD Eindhoven, NL Oude Stadsgracht 1, 5611 DD Eindhoven, NL +44 (0) 1903 953580 Find a Retailer By starting this chat, you agree to our Privacy Policy . A transcript of your chat session may be retained for our records and quality assurance purposes. Close Product Support Product Support Contact Us Product FAQ Product Registration Warranty Product Archive Online Manuals Service Centers Explore Explore Partnerships Careers Find a Retailer Sign up for product launches, promotions, & news Please enter a valid email address. I agree to Marantz's privacy policy and opt in to receive marketing communications. Please agree to our privacy policy to continue Sign up for texts Global | EN Select Your Location Americas United States | English Canada | English Canada | Français Asia Pacific Australia | English 中国大陆 | 简体中文 日本 | 日本語 中国台湾 | 繁体中文 Europe Belgique | Français France | Français Deutschland | Deutsch Österreich | Deutsch Nederland | Nederlands United Kingdom | English Global | English Privacy Policy Declaration of conformity Terms of Use © Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved. Remove Product? Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? Cancel Yes