 MaraPets - Games Sign Up Log In 547 Players Online 16:46:49 MST Quests Quests Missions Goals Collections Contests Rewards Free Games Free Games Points to Play Pet Dailies Inventory Shops Attic Gallery Wardrobe Search Currency Community Settings Sign Up Log In Explore Explore Pets Explore Games Forums Dress Up Games Clubs Trades Auctions News Battle Account Upgrades Marapets is mobile friendly Switch to Desktop Mode Marapets is mobile friendly Switch to Desktop Mode Favourites Arcade Levels Classic Chance Features Premium All Games Contests Sign Up for a Free MaraPets Account today Double MP Today Earn Double MP from Hostage Triple Score Points Today Earn Triple Score Points from Pyramid Solitaire Bonus Prizes Today Win bonus prizes from Donut Fall 50% Extra MP Today Earn 50% More MP from Chess Newest Release Play our newest game, Gumballs Galore POPULAR The ultimate block puzzle game. Slide matching numbers until you get to 2048 - or more! Play 2048 With so many Apprentice Wizards in Marada, now is the time to for wand practice. Draw the symbols to defeat the ghosts. Play Apprentice Wizard 40 LEVELS Ziranek is in a blackout! Connect the wires to the battery back up power before the time runs out. Play Blackout 25 LEVELS Puchalla Village has a new Buffet restaurant and the older residents need feeding Play Buffet 60 LEVELS Play Chocolate Bricks 40 LEVELS Follow the hints to crack the code. Corrupt Codes are used to navigate the labyrinths of Eleka's Castle. Play Code Breaker 18 LEVELS With even Beelzebub on her side, King Baspinar needs your help to Defend the Castle from Queen Eleka's attack. Play Defend the Castle Jump from each donut or bounce against the wall to climb... but DO NUT FALL! Play Donut Fall 24 LEVELS The Palladium Jubilee clowns have turned evil and are terrorising Slater Park. Knock them out! Play Evil Clowns POPULAR Fairies can't fly in the rain and this isn't good enough! Train each fairy by skilfully flying them through these doughnuts. Play Fairy Flight Play Feliz Frenzy With Rofling Gold back in prison, Gizmo Gravity is the only criminal still on the run. How far can you go? Play Gizmo Gravity 60 LEVELS The rarest, most dangerous mine. Move the abandoned carts around to get the gold out. Play Gold Mine NEWEST Play Gumballs Galore POPULAR Drag the delicious Gummy Bricks into the grid to clear full columns or rows. Play Gummy Bricks 80 LEVELS It's Happy Hour in Lowlyhood! Draw the shortest lines to pour and fill each glass with slushies. Play Happy Hour 20 LEVELS Kill the mafia in the least number of shots to free the hostages. Don't kill the hostage! Play Hostage POPULAR Match the Kamilah Codes, the ancient language on the walls of the Kamilah Pyramid. Play Kamilah Codes 24 LEVELS Play Leido Launch POPULAR A popular game in Kamilah Desert. Clear the matching tiles to reveal those underneath. Can you clear all tiles? Play Mahjong How good is your memory? Find the matching pairs of cards as fast as you can. Play Memory With just a flexible straw, help Beti, Sweati, Machetti, Confetti and Dave mine Marada of oil before Queen Eleka does! Play Mine Marada 60 LEVELS A puzzle game where you drag and match the same minerals without running out of moves. Play Mineral Match Cookies have been left in the City to lure Monty away from Shusan's house. Collect coins for a higher score. Play Monty's Great Escape 24 LEVELS Mother Mordo's vacation is over and it's time to go. Shoot and match each coloured bubble to clear and bring them  home Play Mother Mordo Slice the fruit with Ninja Nino to make the fastest tropical punch. Avoid the bombs! Play Ninja Nino 40 LEVELS Can you complete all 40 levels? Aim, tap and hurl pearls to match three or more of the same colour. Play Pearl Hurl 50 LEVELS With 50 levels for you to complete, can you clear the Pumpkin Patch in time for Halloween? Play Pumpkin Patch POPULAR Match all of the cards that add up to 13 and see if you can clear the pyramid of cards. Play Pyramid Solitaire These robber duckies are notorious pearl thieves and need stopping. Shoot as many as you can and avoid the bombs. Play Quack Mafia 160 LEVELS These once famous Xoi have returned after over a decade. Draw lines to complete the puzzle and reunite them. Play Reunite The missing letters from an ancient Simerian language are stuck at the top of this temple. Play Rune Rescue 30 LEVELS Play Shimmer Ziranek has the tallest and most number of skyscrapers in Marada and needs your help keeping this record. Play Skyscraper 90 LEVELS Launch Captain Snookle and his team of heroes to defeat the enemies of Marada Play Slingshot Snookle Move and rotate the space rocks heading for Enpiah to clear a row and earn MP. Play Space Rocks 75 LEVELS Put your slicing skills to the test! Can you complete each level before the time runs out? Play Sushi Slice As the toy blocks are stacked at this busy day care centre, match the same colours before they reach the top. Play Toy Blocks POPULAR Clear the cards from all three card pyramids by matching cards that are higher or lower. Play Triple Pyramid Solitaire Match and slice the fresh Minipet Island fruit to create the perfect tropical punch - a must have sunset drink! Play Tropical Punch 60 LEVELS Connect the pipes of this Wacky Workshop to fill the bottle with this secret brew. There are 60 levels to complete. Play Wacky Workshop POPULAR Help the Vortex Park Diner stack the waffles high. Win a gourmet waffle minipet at Waffle Hour. Play Waffle Wobble Wallops have become a nuisance! Whenever you see one above ground, give it a whack Wallop! Play Wallop! Help Coraline by typing the words of each shark in this extreme fishing game Play Word Shark Solve the scrambled item name anagram for Sam and win prizes Play Anagram Sam Can you win a classic game of Backgammon against Serpent? You could win Fertiliser. Play Backgammon Can you beat the Knight in a classic game of Chess? Play once a day for MP and a chance to win AU Credits. Play Chess Win this game and for a free colour transformation for your pet. Play Colours How well do you know Marapets? Solve a new crossword puzzle daily for MP and you could win a 250 Dukka Coin too! Play Crossword Can you beat the Newths in a Dominoes match? You could win a retired Advent Calendar item. Play Dominoes Can you beat the Knight in a classic game of Draughts? Also known as Checkers. Play Draughts Is your memory better than an Equilor? I would hope so! Echo back what they say - you could earn School stats! Play Echo A classic card game. Complete it daily for MP and a chance to win Account Upgrade Credit. Play Free Cell Solitaire How well do you know Marada? Put the jigsaw puzzle pieces together to win MP. Play Jigsaw Puzzle The streets of Ziranek are a maze. Can you find your way out before the timer ends? Play Maze A classic old game of Mill. Play daily for a chance to win random Blood items. Play Mill Can you guess what item the Ice Fairy has blurred? Enter daily for free to win prizes. Play Mystery Item Jasper, the hostile ghost of Undying Woods loves to make you cry in fear. Can you beat him at Phantom Four? Play Phantom Four Can you beat the Knight in a classic game of Reversi? Play once a day for MP and a chance to win AU Credits. Play Reversi Win a game of Rummy against one, two or three other players for a daily MP prize. You may also win DNA! Play Rummy A classic card game. Complete it daily for MP and a chance to win Account Upgrade Credit. Play Solitaire A classic card game. Complete it daily for MP and a chance to win Account Upgrade Credit. Play Spider Solitaire Classic game of Sudoku. Play daily and you could win a Time Machine Token. Play Sudoku With 145,014 Traps left around Marada, King Baspinar has huge rewards for finding them. Play Traps How many words can you find in 10 minutes? You could win Dukka Coins! Play Word Pirate See how many of the hidden words you can find. You'll be rewarded for finding them! Play Word Search Sudoku but with letters. Play daily and you could win a Time Machine Token. Play Wordoku If you add the Arcade Giftbox to your collection, you will earn double score points with every flash game, free game and points to play game that you play. Spend your score points in the games shop and be rewarded by the Arcade Fairy. The Seasonal Fairy also rewards you for every giftbox that you collect Return to City of Marada Arcade Fairy Collections Contests Free Games Games Shop Goals Missions Pay to Play Games Pet Dailies Quests Rewards Return to City of Marada Switch to Desktop Mode Enable Mobile Mode 16:46:49 MST Terms and Conditions Account Protection Link to Us Contact Us Privacy Policy