Marie Claire UK: Fashion & Beauty Trends, Opinion Pieces, Career Advice, Empowerment, Celebrity News and Style Marie Claire UK Subscribe × Search Fashion Fashion Fashion Fashion View all Fashion Shopping Watches & Jewellery Women Who Win The One Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty View all Beauty Skincare Make Up Hair Fragrance Marie Claire Beauty Awards Health Life Life Life Life View all Life Health & Fitness Sustainability Food & Drink Homes & Interiors Cars Travel Things to Do Weddings Competitions Politics Change Makers Culture Culture Culture Culture View all Culture Books TV and Film Technology Music People News News News News View all News Reports Royal News Celebrity News Opinion Digital Covers Work & Money Work & Money Work & Money Work & Money View all Work & Money Work Money Cost of Living Future Shapers Vouchers Vouchers Clothing Clothing View all Vouchers Karen Millen H&M MANGO nobody's child Phase Eight ASOS Free People Designer Clothing Designer Clothing View all Vouchers Reiss THE OUTNET SSENSE Mytheresa Farfetch Coggles Selfridges Accessories Accessories View all Vouchers AllSaints Aspinal of London Harvey Nichols River Island Liberty London Kate Spade Accessorize Jewellery Jewellery View all Vouchers Pandora Abbott Lyon Goldsmiths Beaverbrooks Astrid & Miyu Swarovski Angara Jewellery Beauty Beauty View all Vouchers Sephora Cult Beauty Space NK AllBeauty Clarins Look Fantastic Naturisimo Activewear Activewear View all Vouchers Lululemon Gymshark Sweaty Betty Nike adidas New Balance Helly Hansen Sign-up to our newsletter Lifestyle Magazine From £5 Subscribe now Trending Best Investment Bags Nail Trends Women Who Win Best Perfumes Autumn Winter 2025 Trend Report Digital Issues Covers NEOUS Founder Vanissa Antonious Shares a Glimpse Into Her 9-5 The brains behind the cult minimalist accessories brand lifts the lid on her stylish world Top stories 15 Standout New Year’s Eve Dresses Whatever Your Plans From high-shine sequins to timeless Andrea's It List: Low-Effort, High-Impact Looks for New Years Eve Whether you're hosting or attending an event These Will Be the Tweakments Du Jour in 2026, According to World-Best Aesthetic Doctors From regenerative treatments to bio-stimulation 5 Chic Ways to Wear Red for Winter—from Everyday Casual to Festive Party Vibes The bold shade isn't as tricky to style as you might think Marie Claire Newsletter Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox! Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Beauty Women Who Win: Jamie Genevieve on Community, Confidence and Playing the Long Game By Lottie Winter Yes, Bobs Are Still Very Much In. Here's How To Style Yours In 2026 From romantic soft wave bobs to lazer-sharp lines By Rebecca Fearn Missed Out On a Salon Nail Appointment? These Festive Press-On Designs Are Here To Save The Day Easy to apply, affordable and super cute By Rebecca Fearn The Truth About How Pollution Affects Skin—And What You Can Do About It According to a derm By Lucy Abbersteen VIEW ALL BEAUTY Fashion The Boxing Day Sales Are Standout This Year—These Are the Best Deals You Won't Want To Miss Savvy shoppers take note By Amelia Yeomans These 3 Trainer Trends Are Going to Be Everywhere in 2026 Start wearing them now if you want to be ahead of the curve By Clementina Jackson 10 Fashion Influencers to Follow in 2026 for Everyday Outfit Inspiration For the minimalists, maximalists, and everyone in-between By Lauren Cunningham 5 Iconic New Year's Eve Outfits You Already Have at Home Ring in the New Year wearing these wardrobe classics By Sofia Piza VIEW ALL FASHION Spotlight In The Frame: Lakwena Maciver The London artist reveals what keeps her inspired, how motherhood has impacted her career, and why she's excited about her new collaboration with Dior Sustainability Christmas Is The Perfect Time To Embrace "Betterment" - How To Make Your Festivities Sustainable Our resident sustainability columnist, Lucy Siegle, is back - and in the festive spirit. 35 B Corp Brands to Shop This Christmas That'll Make Gifting Good For Both People and Planet Keen to shop smart this December? Christmas Party Dress Hunting? 11 of the Best Dress Rental Sites For Every Occasion Rent and repeat. Keen to Shop With a Conscience This Christmas? 41 Ethical Gifts Our Editors Recommend Take a considered approach this holiday season. VIEW ALL SUSTAINABILITY Health Heard of The Viral 6-6-6 Walking Trend, Which Promises To Make Cardio Easier Than Ever? A PT Explains Seen it doing the rounds on your social feeds? Festivities Given You an Achy Neck or Sore Shoulders? 5 Best Moves For Alleviating Tension Feel the tension melt away with these dreamy yoga moves. I've Been Trying Mel Robbins’ Viral Morning Nutrition Hack For A Week - And I Wish I'd Tried It Sooner Spoiler alert: it's worth the hype. 5 Best YouTube Walking Pad Workouts For Boosting Fitness In Your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, and Beyond Trust us on this one. VIEW ALL HEALTH More from Marie Claire Specials The Ultimate Christmas Gift Guide 2025 A Marie Claire curation of thoughtful, trend-led, and truly unforgettable gifts The Marie Claire Autumn/Winter 2025 Fashion Special Your go-to guide for new season trends and the latest fashion news straight from the runway The Marie Claire Women In Sport 2025 Issue Read our exclusive cover interview with Venus Williams, explore the realities of being a top athlete, meet the Roses' new star and dive into the rise of the F1 fangirl and more. The Marie Claire Optimism Issue From new beginnings with Dove Cameron to the dopamine-inducing fashion and the latest science-backed tips to lift your mood—this month, we’re embracing all things joy. The Marie Claire Watches & Jewellery Special From interviews with trailblazing movers and shakers in the jewellery world to expert advice on buying your first timepiece, plus the best statement pieces to invest in—here's everything worth knowing in the Watches & Jewellery world The Confidence Issue From sexual empowerment to positive ageing, we’ve rounded up expert tips and inspiration to help you navigate uncertainty and be comfortable in your own skin The Fashion Special Spring/Summer 2025 Your go-to guide for new season trends and the latest fashion news straight from the runway The Summer Issue Featuring Kate Bosworth, trailblazing athletes, this season’s hottest fashion trends, plus the best summer fragrances of all time. The Wellness Issue From energising foods to mood-boosting exercise, the new-year habits we’re embracing in 2023 not only aim to build physical and mental strength, but also spark joy The Power Issue From the latest looks to ramp-up your wardrobe to resilience tips from female trailblazers, we’re channelling this month’s cover star, Shakira, and reclaiming our power Culture Rage Bait Isn’t the Word of the Year We Want, But It’s the One We Deserve Oxford’s 2025 word of the year explains why the internet is driving us all mad 25 Iconic Fashion Moments in Film, From Past to Present How film’s most iconic looks shaped style and storytelling Spotify’s 2025 Wrapped Reveals The Memoirs You’ve Most Loved This Year Listeners can’t get enough of memoirs that cut straight to the bone Radical Reads, Dark Gems and Big Ideas—The Books Everyone Will Be Talking About This Winter Your end-of-year book hit list VIEW ALL CULTURE News Kylie Jenner’s Family Is Showing Their Public Support for Timothée Chalamet By Jenny Proudfoot Family Members Have Given an Update on Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s Wedding Plans By Jenny Proudfoot A Former Palace Aid Has Explained Why Royal Christmases Aren’t ‘All That Relaxing’ By Jenny Proudfoot The Mental Load, Motherhood, and the Secret Life of a Wife in Room 706 How love, motherhood, and responsibility combine to create a constant, often unseen, mental workload for women. By Ellie Levenson Shopping I Hate Boring Clothes—Here Are 30 Joyful Fashion Finds From The Week If it doesn't make me smile, I don't want it This is the Quietly Cool Parisian Coat Brand You Don’t Realise You’re Seeing Everywhere Introducing: Nour Hammour 17 Workwear Dresses That Make Getting Dressed So Much Easier Stress-free mornings coming up It's Pay Day! Here is Everything the Marie Claire Team is Buying Straight from the experts VIEW ALL SHOPPING Shop Marie Claire's Favourite Discounts & Offers FARFETCH AllSaints Mango Space NK HUGO BOSS Liberty Selfridges Boden & Other Stories The OUTNET Fenwick Mytheresa River Island Dune Pandora Aspinal of London Abbott Lyon H&M Nobody's Child Adidas Life I've Been Testing The AirPod Pro 3s for Two Months - And As a Headphone Obsessive, Can Confirm They're a Total Gamechanger Innovative and easy to use? Win, win. By Maggie Joyner I’ve Worked in the Wellness Industry For Over 10 Years - and My Predictions For The Trends That’ll Dominate 2026 Might Surprise You It’s been an unforgettable year for all things wellness - read on for what’s in store in the months ahead. By Ally Head I Fell Hook, Line and Sinker For The Hormone Imbalance Trend - But It Taught Me That Women Are Still Being Served A "One-Size-Fits-All" How health TikTok capitalised on my confusion - and what I learned instead. By Ellie-Mae Hammond Jennifer Garner and Amanda Seyfried Swear By It - So I Tried Walking At Different Times Of The Day For 2 Weeks If it's good enough for the celebs... By Rebecca Lawton Vouchers Dyson discount codes - in December 2025 SPONSORED Save up to with our trusted Dyson discount codes, each hand-tested by our deals experts. AllSaints discount codes - in December 2025 SPONSORED Save up to with our current Allsaints discount codes and promo codes, each one hand-tested by our deals experts. H&M discount codes | in December 2025 SPONSORED Save more on stylish clothing and accessories with brilliant prices thanks to our hand-tested H&M discount codes. Lululemon discount codes - in December 2025 SPONSORED Save with our active lululemon discount codes and promo codes, all hand-tested by our deals experts. Sephora UK discount codes - for December 2025 SPONSORED Save with our active Sephora discount and promo codes today, each verified by our savings experts. Clinique discount codes - in December 2025 SPONSORED Save on skincare, makeup, and fragrances with these verified Clinique discount codes. Space NK discount codes - in December 2025 SPONSORED Shop up to with our working Space NK discount codes and promos. VIEW ALL Campaigns Power Summit: why education and allyship is key to ending violence against women and girls With one in three women experiencing violence worldwide, organisations and campaigners are uniting to fight for a safer, misogyny-free future. Here, we speak to three advocates leading the charge for positive change. Covers Tracee Ellis Ross on Style, Sisterhood and Solo Adventures Venus Williams on Family, Fashion and Fighting For Her Health Dove Cameron on Navigating Loss, Showing Up For Love and Leaning Into Joy Champion Of Change: Ramla Ali on Sacrifice, Sisterhood and Celebrating the Small Wins Gugu Mbatha-Raw on Fashion, Self-Love and Cultivating Soft Power Halle Berry : Movies, Menopause and Manifesting Love Jessica Biel on Success, Sisterhood, and Redefining Her Sense of Self Shakira: On Music, Motherhood and Reclaiming Her Power The Real Salma…On Age, Empowerment and Being Sexualised on Screen Naomie Harris on Bond, Bullies and Finding Her Fashion Mojo Alicia Keys: On Success, Identity and Growing Into Her Skin Zoe Saldana on the Power of Determination, Self-Belief and Embracing Our Differences Felicity Jones on Parenthood, Rebellion and Preparing for the Oscars VIEW ALL logo Created with Sketch. Site Archive Contact Future's experts Contact us Terms and conditions Advertise with us Privacy policy Cookies policy About us Add as a preferred source on Google Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.