Super Mario Wiki, the Mario encyclopedia Main Page From the Super Mario Wiki, the Mario encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Welcome to the Super Mario Wiki ! with 34,061 articles covering Super Mario and more Links | Glossary | Maintenance | About | Help Proposals | Mario Boards | Anniversary Games Characters Locations Items Allies Enemies Species Moves Albums TV & films Publications Merchandise Issue 225 of The 'Shroom has been released! 4 Spotlight focuses 11 Ongoing TPP s 30+ Unimplemented proposals 269 Unresolved discussions 142 Construction projects 168 Rewrites needed 18662 Sourcing issues 865 Stub articles 1000+ Wanted articles 2 Immediate deletions 2 Pending deletions 19 Requested deletions 66 Suggested moves 68 Suggested merges 67 Suggested splits 237 Deprecated templates 1 Unknown meaning 3947 Image quality 676 Images needed 490 Media needed 1 Media quality 100+ Unused files 16 To be used Featured article Professor Kolorado is an adventure-loving, bold Koopa Troopa explorer and archaeologist in Paper Mario . A former student of Professor Frankly , Kolorado lives in Koopa Village , but is rarely home, preferring to go out on quests for ancient artifacts, to the displeasure of his wife . He is the idol of his neighbor Kooper , who eventually becomes his assistant at the end of Paper Mario . Kolorado is a parody of Indiana Jones , as they are both legendary archaeologists. Both wear similar outfits and go on quests for unique artifacts, and Kolorado is also chased by a Spiny Tromp similar to the boulder scene from the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark . More featured articles... Community poll Link to poll Discuss • Submit poll • Archive... MarioWiki newspaper Issue 225 Next Issue: January 17 th , 2026 About Archives Comments Spotlight Sign up Contact us Mushroom World Encyclopedia The Mushroom World Encyclopedia is a multilingual and open-content project which includes the independent encyclopedias covering the Super Mario franchise from different areas of the world. English | French | German | Italian Help us maintain this page... View recent changes to the wiki... Check out a random article... Answers to frequently asked questions... An introduction for new editors... Mario & Nintendo news The soundtrack for Super Mario Land (pictured) was made available on the Nintendo Music app on December 15, 2025. Mario Kart World and Donkey Kong Bananza won the "Best Sports/Racing Game" and "Best Family Game" awards respectively at The Game Awards 2025 on December 11, 2025. Wario World was released on Nintendo GameCube - Nintendo Classics on December 10, 2025. The soundtrack for Yoshi's Crafted World was made available on the Nintendo Music app on December 8, 2025. Did you know? 2023 was the first year since his debut that Waluigi (pictured) didn't make an appearance in a game. " World 3 Map (Water Land) " is the only map theme from Super Mario Bros. 3 that does not play in a title card sequence for The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3 . Most of the Fossils in Donkey Kong Bananza are based on enemies or characters from the Donkey Kong Country games. Mario Strikers: Battle League and Mario + Rabbids Sparks of Hope are the only games in the Super Mario franchise released in 2022 . MarioWiki newspaper Issue 225 Next Issue: January 17 th , 2026 About Archives Comments Spotlight Sign up Contact us Mushroom World Encyclopedia The Mushroom World Encyclopedia is a multilingual and open-content project which includes the independent encyclopedias covering the Super Mario franchise from different areas of the world. English | French | German | Italian Help us maintain this page... View recent changes to the wiki... Check out a random article... Answers to frequently asked questions... An introduction for new editors... NIWA is a group of open-content encyclopedias based on Nintendo franchises. ARMS Institute : ARMS Bulbapedia : Pokémon Chibi-Robo! Wiki : Chibi-Robo! Dragalia Lost Wiki : Dragalia Lost Fire Emblem Wiki : Fire Emblem F-Zero Wiki : F-Zero Golden Sun Universe : Golden Sun Hard Drop Tetris Wiki : Tetris Icaruspedia : Kid Icarus Inkipedia : Splatoon Kingdom Hearts Wiki : Kingdom Hearts Kovopedia : Magical Vacation Lylat Wiki : Star Fox Metroid Wiki : Metroid MiiWiki : Mii games NintendoWiki : Nintendo Nookipedia : Animal Crossing Pikipedia : Pikmin Pikmin Fanon : Pikmin fanworks Rhythm Heaven Wiki : Rhythm Heaven SmashWiki : Super Smash Bros. Starfy Wiki : The Legendary Starfy StrategyWiki : Strategy guides Super Mario Wiki : Super Mario Ukikipedia : Super Mario 64 Wapopedia : Drawn to Life Wars Wiki : Nintendo Wars WikiBound : EarthBound WiKirby : Kirby Xeno Series Wiki : Xeno series Zelda Wiki : The Legend of Zelda Retrieved from " https://www.mariowiki.com/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=5021128 " Category : Super Mario Wiki Navigation menu Page actions Main page Discussion Read View source History Page actions Main page Discussion More Tools Languages Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Browse Games Characters Locations Items Allies Enemies Species Moves Search Navigation Main page Featured articles Wiki maintenance Recent changes Random page Help Community The 'Shroom Proposals Mario Boards Discord servers Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Languages Deutsch Français Italiano This page was last edited on August 16, 2025, at 19:07. Content is available under Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported unless otherwise noted. Privacy policy About MarioWiki Disclaimers Mobile view