Boutique Fitness Business Management Software | Mariana Tek Skip to content JUST RELEASED: 2026 Boutique Fitness Trends Report | Download Your Copy Studio Types Group Fitness Indoor Cycling Pilates / Lagree / Megaformer Yoga HIIT / Bootcamp Barre Features Business Management Customer Experience Marketing & CRM Insights & Analytics Multi Location Integrations Member Engagement Resources Blog eBooks & Webinars Success Stories Services Xplor Capital Xplor Insurance Professional Services Book a Demo Zingfit is now part of Mariana Tek. Learn more → Stand out as an exceptional boutique fitness brand Mariana Tek software empowers you to deliver superior customer experiences and show up in the moments that matter most. Request a demo Let's chat Build your fitness community Mariana Tek enables you to foster deeper connections with your clients. Acknowledge the small wins, celebrate big milestones, and create magical experiences in the moments that matter. Book a demo Before After Put your brand first Let your brand shine. Our boutique fitness software, mobile app and marketing tools are built so you can deliver a perfectly curated brand experience. It's not about us - it's about you! Book a demo Keep it simple Don't let complex signups turn newcomers away. The Mariana Tek platform is easy to use for prospects, clients, staff, and instructors. Automated marketing and expert support allow staff to focus on what truly matters - your clients. Book a demo Win in the moments that matter most Empower your brand to make every experience seamless, meaningful, and memorable. Communicate. Simplify team communication and keep clients informed. Set up marketing automations through text and email and build personal experiences using easy-to-read tags. Motivate. Create positive touchpoints that keep customers coming back. Using features like goals and challenges will lead to increased revenue and retention. Elevate. It's not about us - it's about you. Deliver a consistently excellent brand experience across your website, app, and inside the four walls of your studio. Celebrate. Be there for your clients during the little moments and the big ones. Throw digital confetti on their birthday and recognize their biggest achievements. From hometown studios to household names Boutique fitness software that's trusted by single locations, fitness franchises, and anything in-between. Having a platform that allows clients to feel connected to the brand is paramount. It has to be a seamless experience and what initially attracted me to it was how friendly it was from the client's perspective. Aryan Rashed, TREMBLE In less than a year after switching to Mariana Tek, we witnessed a remarkable 27.5% increase in revenue, plus our check-ins soared by 30%, which was a significant achievement for our studio. Taylor Spaw, Owner of Spin Unlimited Mariana Tek has a really nice, modern, polished look that represents the brand the way I want it to be portrayed. … When switching the Mariana Tek, we were almost immediately able to see the impact that it was having on our studio operations, as well as our customer experience and ultimately happier employees as well. Cody Patrick, Sweat440 Get the software built for boutique fitness Opening a new studio? You need a partner to set you up for success from day one. From signing your lease, to hiring the right team, and your grand opening to the big one-year anniversary, our team of former studio operators and industry experts will take you through every step of the journey. Get the experts on your side. Get started with Mariana Tek Time for a glow-up? 70% of our clients migrated from another platform. Elevate the experience for your community without any disruption to studio operations. When brands make the move to Mariana Tek, they love our unique hands-on approach. Our onboarding experts lead you through every step. Switch to Mariana Tek A platform created for you Pilates Yoga Cycle HIIT / Group Fitness Enable pick-a-spot and create custom floor plans for reformers and megaformers. Share notes and assign tags so staff can welcome newcomers, understand injuries, celebrate milestones, and more. Launch a 5-star rated app customized with your logo and branding. Process mat rentals, retail products, class packs, and more through a simple interface. Share notes and assign tags so staff can welcome newcomers, know injuries, celebrate milestones, and more. Launch a 5-star rated app customized with your logo and branding. Create custom floor plans and easily manage class rosters and wait lists. Enable members to reserve bikes, check-in, rent shoes, and more. Launch a 5-star rated app customized with your logo and branding. Create custom floor plans and manage class rosters and schedules. Enable staff to easily sell class packs, retail products, memberships and more. Share notes and assign tags so staff can welcome newcomers, know injuries, celebrate milestones, and more. Let's grow together Join the thousands of top studios empowered by Mariana Tek’s best-in-class boutique studio software and unmatched support 1 What type of fitness business do you have? 2 Are you a new or established business? 3 How can we reach out to you? Company This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Studio Type * Studio Type* Yoga Pilates Lagree Barre Indoor Cycling Crossfit Group Fitness Personal Training Boxing Gym Other Fitness Business Not a Fitness Business HIIT/Bootcamp Sauna/Wellness/Recovery Business Size * Business Size* New (about to open our first location) 1 Location 2-5 Locations 6-19 Locations 20+ Locations First Name * Last Name * Company Name * Phone * Email * Website Country * Country* United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, the United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands State * State* Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah U.S. Virgin Islands Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Europe Armed Forces Pacific Province * Province* Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon CAPTCHA By clicking the button below, you agree to receive relevant content about the boutique fitness industry from Mariana Tek. We respect your privacy and will never send you unwanted spam. Book a Demo Studio Types Group Fitness Indoor Cycling Pilates / Lagree / Megaformer Yoga HIIT / Bootcamp Barre About Contact Us About Us Customer referral program Affiliate Referral Program Comparison – Mindbody Comparison – Momence Comparison – Arketa Professional Services Pricing Migration Blog © Xplor Mariana Tek 2026. Xplor Group Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie list Site Map This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.