Market Realist: News, Analysis, Company Overviews ECONOMY & WORK MONEY 101 NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE NET WORTH About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Opt-out of personalized ads © Copyright 2023 Market Realist. Market Realist is a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. WALMART Walmart is helping its employees earn more money with a clever strategy FAMILY FEUD 'Family Feud' host Steve Harvey almost tears up as an answer brings out painful childhood memories ECONOMY & WORK Almost 50% of all Americans don't feel financially secure — blame Trump's policies ECONOMY & WORK Experts predict US dollar will get weaker in 2026 — but that may end up helping Trump WHEEL OF FORTUNE 'Wheel of Fortune' player upsets fans after losing a car over redundant choice of letters ALL ECONOMY & WORK NEWS JEOPARDY 'Jeopardy!' fans annoyed with an unexpected Gen-Z trend being added as a category While some tried to figure out what it was, others were annoyed. 55 minutes ago ECONOMY & WORK AI might take over more than one in four teen jobs in US by 2030 — should you be worried? A report from UCLA's Karissa Tang says entry level jobs of teens are first in line to be eliminated 1 hour ago ECONOMY & WORK New report says millions of Americans getting Social Security benefits faced delays in 2025 Representatives of the SSA have strongly denied these claims with aggressive remarks. 1 hour ago WALMART Americans rate one popular product sold at Walmart as the worst ever — and we totally get why The retailer might offer cheap prices but products need to be of decent quality as well. 1 hour ago NEWS Authorities issue major warning about a letter scam being sent out to dupe taxpayers The new scam is sending out letters with bogus toll-free numbers that connect to scammers. 2 hours ago ECONOMY & WORK Workers in 19 American states to get paid more in 2026 after a hike in minimum wages More than 8.3 million workers will be paid more starting January 1, 2026, thanks to the rise in minimum wage. 2 hours ago ECONOMY & WORK Popular dog product sold across 7 American states recalled over Salmonella fears The bacteria can prove harmful not just to the animals but to humans as well. 2 hours ago ECONOMY & WORK Aldi is quietly helping millions of Americans tackle rising cost of living with a kind move Millions of Americans have turned to the retailer who seems to offer the most affordable prices. 5 hours ago ECONOMY & WORK 9 American states to slash individual income tax rates in 2026 — key details revealed This will be a huge boost for the residents of the states, who have been craving for some relief. 6 hours ago WHEEL OF FORTUNE 'Wheel of Fortune' player upsets fans after losing a car over redundant choice of letters "Contestants need to stop choosing CDM as their consonants. Think outside the box," a fan reacted. 13 hours ago ECONOMY & WORK Almost 50% of all Americans don't feel financially secure — blame Trump's policies This will not be good news for the Republicans ahead of the Midterm elections. 1 day ago FAMILY FEUD 'Family Feud' host Steve Harvey almost tears up as an answer brings out painful childhood memories When Harvey heard a relatable answer, the memories came rushing back to him. 1 day ago ECONOMY & WORK Experts predict US dollar will get weaker in 2026 — but that may end up helping Trump The situation might help Donald Trump who is hoping to reduce trade deficit. 1 day ago WALMART Walmart is helping its employees earn more money with a clever strategy America has a shortage of skilled labor and Walmart is taking things into its own hands. 1 day ago NEWS Gas prices in America have hit a record low in 2025 — here's what to expect next year Gas prices have been one of the bright spots of the U.S. economy, and the outlook for 2026 is here. 1 day ago ECONOMY & WORK Goldman Sachs makes a strong prediction for US economy in 2026 despite weak job market Goldman Sachs has projected a 2.6% GDP growth rate for 2026, higher than the 2% consensus. 1 day ago ECONOMY & WORK Trump's tariffs quietly forced 700 American companies to file for bankruptcy in 2025 Notably, the first half of the year saw 17 significant bankruptcies involving businesses with assets worth more than $1 billion. 1 day ago ECONOMY & WORK Sam Altman wants to hire a person who can predict the dangers of AI — and the pay is great CEO Sam Altman admitted the role will be tough, but it will help mitigate the dangers of AI. 1 day ago WHEEL OF FORTUNE 'Wheel of Fortune' player loses $40,000 as he is stumped by puzzle that seemed impossible to solve "Don't beat yourself up, Jeff. That one stumped pretty much everybody watching tonight, including yours truly," a fan reacted. 1 day ago PRICE IS RIGHT 'Price is Right' contestant falls to her knees in dramatic celebration after winning a car The player, Jenane who tried hard to ace the Cover Up game was overwhelmed with emotion 1 day ago