Marketing Week | marketing news, opinion, trends News Insight Columnists Festival of Marketing Newsletters Knowledge Bank Awards All sections Login About/Buy Search Menu News Uncategorized Bluey crowned your marketing winner of 2025 Marketing Week Reporters Bluey has beaten Labubu in the final round of voting to take home the top prize. 24 Dec 2025 7:03 am Analysis Uncategorized ‘Big brand behaviour’: Inside People’s Postcode Lottery’s move into ad-funded programming Grace Gollasch Considered a gambling brand, People’s Postcode Lottery overcame strict regulations to partner with ITV for the broadcaster’s biggest ever ad-funded series. 24 Dec 2025 7:11 am Analysis Uncategorized How Magnum and Perfect Draft made ‘highly effective’ product demos on Instagram Emily Manock Product-focused ads from the two brands ranked among the UK’s top-performing Instagram campaigns this month, according to Kantar’s The Works study. 23 Dec 2025 2:47 pm Analysis Uncategorized ‘Constantly pushing innovation’: Netflix’s VP of marketing on its goal to generate fandom Grace Gollasch EMEA marketing lead June Sauvaget on why the streamer measures success by cultural impact and how Stranger Things shows the power of fandom-led marketing. 23 Dec 2025 7:12 am News Uncategorized How cybersecurity firm Gen used AI to create a YouTube series in three months Josh Stephenson Gen’s CMO Krista Todd believes the AI-created campaign will have saved the team in the region of a million dollars, but saved funds should be reinvested. 23 Dec 2025 7:14 am News Uncategorized 2025 was a ‘vintage year’ for Christmas marketing, says Ipsos Molly Innes Five of this year’s ads were recognised by over 50% of the British public during Ipsos’s ‘Race to Christmas’ survey, up from zero last year. 23 Dec 2025 7:08 am Analysis Uncategorized The Marketing Week team’s marketing moments of 2025 Marketing Week Reporters From Oasis’s comeback and Prime’s demise to the extent of marketing’s burnout crisis being revealed, these are the marketing moments of the year, as chosen by the Marketing Week editorial team. 22 Dec 2025 6:59 am Analysis Uncategorized The key trends shaping technology in 2026 Josh Stephenson From the rise of agentic AI to the changing face of search, the impact of technology on marketing will be even more pronounced in 2026. 22 Dec 2025 6:45 am Analysis Uncategorized Year in Search 2025: Moving at the speed of culture Marketing Week Partner 2025 was the year culture moved at speed, and people moved with it. From surprise reunions to viral micro-trends, every moment triggered a surge of curiosity as people turned to Search not just to follow events but to make sense of them. Sponsored by Google Language of Effectiveness News and analysis based on our exclusive data Read more Career & Salary Survey Exclusive news and features on the state of marketing careers Read more State of B2B Marketing A detailed look at B2B marketing based on our exclusive data Read more Latest Analysis Uncategorized ‘More ambition’: Why B&Q’s top marketer returned after 12 years Amrit Virdi Marketing director Katherine Paterson says the retailer has “moved on tremendously” since she left in 2012 with regards data, social and personalisation. 22 Dec 2025 6:07 am News Uncategorized Aldi reclaims top spot as ‘most recognised’ Christmas ad, study finds Amrit Virdi Brands “subverting Christmas traditions without falling out of step with the festive spirit” have made this year’s “most effective” ads. 19 Dec 2025 7:00 am Opinion Uncategorized Marketing is not CapEx, stop saying it is or risk ridicule from finance James Hankins By confusing marketing for capital expenditure, marketers aren’t ‘speaking the language of finance’, they’re just using technical terms inappropriately. 19 Dec 2025 6:57 am Analysis Uncategorized ‘Our job is growth’: How marketers can boost business in a subdued 2026 Niamh Carroll With low GDP and lacklustre consumer confidence forecast, marketers will have to start small, spend wisely and lean on the power of incremental innovation to drive growth in 2026. 19 Dec 2025 6:31 am News Uncategorized Consumer confidence edges up but marketers warned it’s ‘nothing to get excited about’ Emily Manock With consumer confidence at the same level as this time last year, 2025 has been a “year of no progress”, according to GfK. 19 Dec 2025 12:01 am News Uncategorized Unilever names new CMO as Esi Eggleston Bracey departs Emily Manock Unilever says the move is designed to accelerate its marketing transformation by bringing its enterprise-wide marketing agenda closer to its business groups. 18 Dec 2025 3:13 pm News Uncategorized The Marketing Week Podcast: The moments that shaped marketing in 2025 Molly Innes In the latest episode, we analyse the stories, quotes and moments that made 2025. 18 Dec 2025 12:53 pm Opinion Uncategorized All I want for Christmas is for ‘performance marketing’ to vanish Thomas Barta Two small words can do big damage. ‘Performance marketing’ gives marketers and C-suites the wrong idea about return on investment and needs to be retired. 18 Dec 2025 6:41 am More Focus On Growth opportunities Analysis Uncategorized How marketers are using premiumisation to drive growth and build stronger brands Niamh Carroll Premiumisation can allow brands to drive profit through pricing, but when done properly, it’s a process that requires brand building and product focus, not just raising prices. 15 Apr 2025 6:30 am News Uncategorized Physical availability is B2B’s biggest growth opportunity, study finds Emily Manock New research from LinkedIn’s B2B Institute and Ehrenberg-Bass urges B2B marketers to focus on being findable as much as being memorable. 11 Nov 2025 2:30 am Opinion Uncategorized Constant improvement leads to constant growth – just ask Apple Thomas Barta Meaningful product tweaks enable incremental sales, and while most marketers don’t influence product, you can gradually change that with customer insight. 13 Oct 2025 6:12 am News Uncategorized ‘Stretching into new occasions’: How Lucky Saint is using innovation to pursue category growth Niamh Carroll The alcohol-free beer brand, which launches its fourth product today, is pursuing innovation that drives incrementality to the category, rather than just being a substitute for alcoholic beer. 30 Sep 2025 12:02 pm Opinion Opinion Uncategorized Helen Edwards’ Elfmas Marketing Award winners for 2025 Helen Edwards Our columnist picks her highlights and lowlights of the year, from Wizz Air’s innovative ‘All you can fly’ pricing to the needless complexity of brand models. 17 Dec 2025 6:29 am Opinion Uncategorized How to work out if you’re a strategic marketer Jonathan Knowles Follow these three tests to assess whether what you are doing is strategic, or merely important. 16 Dec 2025 6:47 am Opinion Uncategorized The best marketing leaders resist the inner traitors and keep moving when progress feels invisible Secret Marketer In their 50th column for Marketing Week, the Secret Marketer reflects on how marketing leadership in 2025 hasn’t been about the loudest campaign or the latest tech – it’s been the quiet resolve to transform, endure and prove marketing’s worth, long after the spotlight fades. 15 Dec 2025 6:54 am More Mark Ritson on marketing strategy Read all Helen Edwards on branding Read all Marketoonist on the marketing industry Read all Marketing Effectiveness View more Analysis Uncategorized Missing a trick? Why creative effectiveness is as important in B2B as B2C Michaela Jefferson B2B marketing is hitting its creative stride, but when it comes to nailing the effectiveness agenda brands need to pick up the pace or risk being left behind. 26 Jun 2024 6:23 am Opinion Uncategorized Who owns effectiveness culture: brands or agencies? Andrew Geoghegan Brands shouldn’t leave it to their agencies to prove marketing’s impact, but working closely with them creates a virtuous circle of learning and improvement. 25 Nov 2024 2:36 pm Analysis Uncategorized ‘Alarming signs’: Why are marketers ignoring ROI? Charlotte Rogers What are the consequences for the industry – and marketers’ career ambitions – of failing to measure ROI? 12 Jul 2024 6:33 am Marketing Leadership View more Analysis Uncategorized ‘Soft power’: How marketers can exert influence over the 4Ps Niamh Carroll Marketers looking to exert more influence over the full marketing mix may be better trying to use “soft power”, rather than simply looking to seize control. 12 Dec 2024 2:45 pm Opinion Uncategorized It’s normal to feel doubt in your marketing strategy – but hold the course Secret Marketer Metrics don’t always show us what we want to see – but don’t throw away years of work on a whim. Sometimes it is important to remind yourself of why you implemented your strategy in the first place. 27 Jan 2025 7:03 am Analysis Uncategorized ‘Don’t hire in the mould of yourself’: Marketing leaders on balancing skills and personalities when building teams Molly Innes All good CMOs want to build strong, high performing teams. However, it’s easier said than done, whether avoiding hiring in your image, mapping out personality types or asking candidates to take a psychometric test, there’s no silver bullet for creating the perfect team. 21 Nov 2024 1:30 pm Pricing Strategy View more Analysis Uncategorized P&G on how it achieves ‘fundamental’ mission of growing its brands’ categories Niamh Carroll With many category-leading brands like Fairy, Ariel and Pampers in its portfolio, growing categories is vital for Procter & Gamble. The company combines consumer insight, innovation, advertising and distribution to grow its highly penetrated brands and their respective markets. 17 Dec 2024 6:27 am Analysis Uncategorized How can brands drive growth in 2025? Niamh Carroll With 2025 unlikely to bring cheer in terms of macroeconomic growth as brands face up a lacklustre era dubbed the “new normal”, what can marketers do to drive growth in this environment? 6 Jan 2025 7:00 am Analysis Uncategorized Why It Works: How Oasis definitely (maybe) applied behavioural science to ticket sales Richard Shotton If you managed to buy a ticket for the Oasis reunion shows, the chances are a powerful behavioural science bias was influencing your decision. 10 Sep 2024 7:02 am Partnership Content Analysis Uncategorized The Marketing Week Podcast Special Episode: Retail’s sweet spot between AI, Search and data Marketing Week Reporters Google MD Sophie Neary joins Marketing Week’s Russell Parsons, exploring how marketers can harness the latest consumer trends and technological evolutions – both to unlock opportunities and to face down growing competitive threats from online rivals, large and small. Sponsored by Google Analysis Uncategorized Speed vs substance: Can marketers have both? Marketing Week Partner Marketers face mounting pressure to deliver insights faster than ever – but speed doesn’t have to come at the expense of quality. Discover how quick-turn surveys and DIY tools can help you get robust data, fast. Sponsored by Kantar Profiles Analysis Uncategorized The three pillars of advertising’s new era Matthew Philip Effective ad targeting now requires brands to understand content, context and user intent – assumptions based on keywords and demographics are no longer enough. Sponsored by RTB House Analysis Uncategorized Dear Joy, can digital deliver when it comes to brand advertising? Marketing Week Partner The world’s first ursine advertising expert sinks her teeth into the Government’s ‘Less Healthy Food & Drink’ ad ban, and how to build brands in digital. Sponsored by IAB UK Analysis Uncategorized Are you focusing on the wrong channels? Find out with full-funnel attribution Marketing Week Partner When budgets are tight, marketers need to justify every penny of their spend. But without full-funnel attribution, spending decisions are often based on what’s easy to measure rather than what’s actually working. Sponsored by Mediahawk Analysis Uncategorized Are your digital audiences real? How to validate and optimise campaigns Jason Dodge Learn how to validate digital audiences and confirm whether you’re truly reaching the people you intend to target. Sponsored by Kantar Profiles Partner With Us About MW Contact Us FAQs LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Haymarket Logo © Haymarket Media Group Ltd. Terms & Conditions Cookie Notice Privacy Notice Cookie Icon Close search Search anything and hit ‘Enter’ Search Close menu Festival of Marketing Marketing News Insight Columnists Helen Edwards Peter Weinberg & Jon Lombardo Mark Ritson Grace Kite Helen James Richard Shotton Newsletters Subscribe Knowledge Bank Podcasts The Big Issues AI: Beyond the Hype Budgeting Careers & Salaries Marketing Effectiveness Marketing Leadership Strategy Brand Positioning Customer Experience Design & Branding Marketing Effectiveness Market Research Price Strategy Product & Service Innovation Targeting & Segmentation Tactics Advertising Agency Relationships Content Marketing CRM & Loyalty Data & Analytics Influencer Marketing Programmatic Advertising Social Media Marketing Sponsorship & Experiential Career Development Skills & Training Brands Adidas Aldi Amazon Boots Cadbury Coca-Cola Diageo John Lewis & Partners Just Eat KFC Marks & Spencer McDonald’s Nike Procter & Gamble Tesco Unilever About Marketing Week Partner with us Partner With Us About MW Contact Us FAQs LinkedIn Instagram YouTube