MarketingProfs | Improve your marketing right now. Marketing Training for Professionals. FREE Newsletter Enterprise Podcast Contact Search PRO Individuals & Small Teams AI Training Ask an Expert B2B Forum Recordings Content Marketer's Crash Course How-To Series Marketing Writing Bootcamp Marketing Writing Bootcamp: AI Master Classes Modern Email Marketing Essentials ARTICLES EVENTS Upcoming Events XEO and the Future of Search Friday Forums B2B Forum RESOURCES Formats Articles Guides & Reports Infographics & Charts Podcasts Video Tutorials Webinars Discussion Forum Show All » Topics Most Recent Account-Based Marketing Advertising & Promotions Artificial Intelligence Branding Career Development Communications Content Marketing Customer Experience Demand Generation Email Marketing Event Marketing Marketing Management Marketing Strategy Martech Measurement & Analytics Public Relations SEO Social Media Marketing Websites Writing Show All » ADVERTISE SIGN IN SIGN UP GO PRO What's your marketing problem or question? Ask us! Feed Your Marketing Obsession Hello, marketer! How do you stay fresh on all things marketing? Right here with
                        MarketingProfs. Get started with the newsletter 4,000+ of your peers
                        subscribe to every month, MarketingProfs Today ! Subscribe Now Already a registered user? Sign in now . Community Events All Events XEO and the Future of Search January 30 AI has redefined search. Marketers need an updated game plan to not only get featured in search engine results but also mentioned by AI chatbots. Welcome to the new world of XEO—where SEO, GEO, and AEO intersect. Join leading search experts to learn the rules and how to compete today. Sponsored by Search Engine Journal. See the Program Free Mini-Conference Jan 16 Content Marketing Friday Forum Mini-conference Nov 2–4, 2026 B2B Forum Conference Quick Hits All Resources Inside the AI Video Boom: What OpenAI's Sora and Meta's Vibes
                                Mean for Marketers Article Continue Reading Beyond AIO, AEO, GEO: Onsite Search Is the Strategic Layer You Control This 15-Minute Audit Finds Hidden Revenue in Your Video Library How SMB Marketers Can Turn AI Hype Into Reality With Voice AI Why Do Large Language Models (LLMs) Love Press Releases? Your Marketing Needs Fulfilled Joining the MarketingProfs community gets you free access to events, experts, and
                        insights covering the latest happenings in marketing. As a member, get access to
                        what's new first and revisit your MarketingProfs journey in your account details. Explore Upcoming Events Access to Industry Experts Pick the brains of the best minds in marketing who love contributing to the
                                MarketingProfs community. Free Professional Development New articles, virtual events, cheat sheets, reports, videos, and
                                more
                                added
                                every single week—for free. B2B-Focused Training Get insights and tips specific to your B2B needs. No more weeding
                                through B2C
                                scenarios that don't help you. Personal Account Get a free MarketingProfs account to save your favorite content, track your
                                events, and see what's coming up. "Over the years I've subscribed to several marketing organizations, but
                        MarketingProfs is the only one I have kept active for the past 12+ years. In my
                        opinion MarketingProfs is the best value when you consider the content quality,
                        variety, and accessibility, and the knowledgeable team and array of excellent
                        speakers they gather for various webinars, articles, podcasts, and forums." —Teri "I get inundated every day with emails from dozens and dozens of companies,
                        newsletters, and blogs, but MarketingProfs is the only email aside from those
                        sent
                        by our company and clients that I open every time. Many thanks for providing
                        such
                        useful information and tools. Well done, and keep sending me emails!" —Bill "[MarketingProfs Today] is the only sales/marketing email I've ever had interest
                        in
                        reading, and I always try to take time to check out the articles. Your team has
                        helped
                        me stay inspired!" —Bill Schwarz, Bradbury Brand + Design Experts MarketingProfs B2B Forum is back in Boston this November 2-4, 2026. It's the best B2B marketing event on the planet. And prices are ridiculously low right now. Grab yours before prices increase! Go to B2B
                        Forum Write for Us Speak for Us Advertise with Us ABOUT About Us RSS Feeds Newsletters SERVICES Training Subscriptions Enterprise Training B2B Forum PARTNERSHIPS Lead Gen & Sponsorships Event
     Sponsorships Write for Us Speak for Us HELP Contact Us Know-How Exchange Refund Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Special Thanks to our Visionary Partners © 2025 MARKETINGPROFS LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED × Sign in to start learning. Email Address Password Keep me signed in Forgot your password? SIGN IN Cancel Not yet a registered user? Sign up now. Sign in with your preferred account, below. × WHOA! Hold on a minute, friend. Over 600,000 marketers rely on MarketingProfs for B2B know-how every day.  Don't miss out on the latest marketing tips and techniques, delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe today ... it's free! Work Email Address CONTINUE Already a registered user? Sign in now. Sign in with your preferred account, below.