Digital Marketing News | Marketing Dive Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's marketing industry news Let Marketing Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Agencies Weekly Every Monday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Library Events Press Releases Topics Subscribe Search Subscribe Search Brand Strategy Mobile Creative Social Media Video Agencies Data/Analytics Influencer Marketing Ad Tech CMO Corner Courtesy of Starbucks Starbucks links with MrBeast to fuel Prime Video competition series The coffee chain will appear in season two of “Beast Games” and offer a limited-edition drink in a bid to the popular creator’s younger fan base. Read more ➔ Top stories Deep Dive How the best marketing campaigns of 2025 navigated uncertain times Lexus takes generative AI for a spin in new holiday marketing content Inside Rocket’s new NFL campaign as in-house creative team embraces AI Listerine turns mouthwashing sounds into music with Twitch creators Opinion How generative AI upends the brand crisis playbook The Latest Illustration: Emma Erickson Tracker The complete Super Bowl 60 ad tracker for 2026 He Gets Us, the campaign designed to increase cultural attention around Jesus, will return to the Super Bowl for the fourth consecutive year. Updated Dec. 3, 2025 Brand Strategy Courtesy of Roku Nielsen, Roku deepen data-sharing pact to enhance streaming measurement As part of the agreement, Nielsen will continue to receive support for offerings like Big Data + Panel while Roku gains access to streaming TV ratings. Video Courtesy of Heineken Heineken swaps voice notes for beer in latest bid for IRL connections “Could Have Been A Heineken” invites users of WhatsApp in Brazil who receive a lengthy voice message to exchange it for a free beer. Mobile Getty Images Horizon introduces open ad tech partnership network Tropical Smoothie Cafe and Orkin have already begun using the platform, which features partners including ID5, Kargo, The Trade Desk and others. Agencies Courtesy of Tiffany & Co. Column Campaign Trail: Tiffany’s blue boxes become portals for the holidays Created by Anomaly, “Love is a Gift” stars Anya Taylor-Joy and builds on a 2024 holiday effort that generated 57 million organic views. Campaign Trail Getty Images Sociable: TikTok US unit reportedly signs deal with Oracle-led investor group After a year of wrangling, it looks like TikTok's American operations will be sold to U.S. investors including Silver Lake and MGX. Mobile Christopher Furlong via Getty Images Unilever’s top marketer to depart amid structural shakeup at CPG giant Esi Eggleson Bracey will leave at the end of January as Leandro Barreto, current CMO of beauty and wellbeing, sees his remit expanded. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Vizio Inside Walmart Connect as retail media, CTV convergence accelerates Scale, investment in measurement solutions and newfound connected TV prowess is turning the retailer into an advertising powerhouse. Video Courtesy of Athletic Brewing Company Athletic Brewing links with OpenTable in latest bid to sober-curious The Dry January tie-up includes a map on the restaurant reservation platform spotlighting locations that serve the nonalcoholic brewer’s products. Brand Strategy Permission granted by WeightWatchers WeightWatchers revamps brand identity to better tap into GLP-1 craze Mrs&Mr, appointed WeightWatchers’ global brand agency of record in September, led the identity refresh, which includes a new logo and typeface. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Cava Cava experiments with social-first marketing via dating microseries The second season of “Bowlmates” arrives with more episodes and a bigger focus on cross-promotion on the chain's main social channels. Mobile Courtesy of Unilever Magnum Ice Cream Company names Publicis media AOR, with AI in focus The standalone business, freshly spun off from Unilever, plans to leverage the agency to anticipate rising consumer trends and cultural moments. Agencies Courtesy of NBCUniversal How NBCU’s new tools boost ads as live TV events take center stage Ahead of CES, the media giant announced a slew of new tools for advertisers, including AI-powered contextual targeting that scans live content. Video Getty Images Nielsen’s data-backed panel currency is ‘unstable, unpredictable’: VAB The measurement giant has strenuously denied the allegations, calling the report about its Big Data + Panel offering “seriously flawed and manipulated.” Video Getty Images Combating the consumer ‘joy deficit’ this season Prices are high, shoppers are stressed out and anxiety-inducing marketing doesn’t help. Here’s what retailers can do instead. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Hi-Chew Hi-Chew’s lifestyle marketing strategy helps it savor US growth The Japanese candy brand, which is celebrating 50 years in business, entered the U.S. market in 2008 and found success with coveted Gen Zers. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Zola How Zola found its own Taylor and Travis for ‘Wedding of the Year’ push CMO Briana Severson explains how the wedding platform’s new campaign reorients the cultural attention on megastars Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. Brand Strategy Getty Images WPP Media enriches influencer offering with YouTube creator data deal The Goat Agency, which WPP acquired in 2023, is among the first partners to directly integrate a new API for creator matchmaking and campaign delivery. Video Photo by Yan Krukov from Pexels Q&A How AARP built a media network to link brands with consumers over 50 Vice President of Marketing Danielle McMurray discusses how reaching older consumers online is getting easier. Ad Tech Getty Images Pinterest expands into CTV advertising with TvScientific acquisition This is the first time Pinterest has wedded its intent-based audience data with a CTV engine, pointing to the growing importance of cross-screen capabilities. Mobile Retrieved from Dollar Shave Club on December 11, 2025 Dollar Shave Club’s first AI-generated ad makes tech the punchline The brand and partner Too Short for Modeling leveraged AI to animate complex visuals while keeping to a development timeline of just a few weeks. Brand Strategy Drazen Zigic via Getty Images Will 2026 be more volatile for marketing? Here’s what the numbers say Up to one-third of consumers will leave brands for cheaper options as they continue to feel an economic pinch, according to Forrester. Data/Analytics Courtesy of Maker's Mark Maker’s Mark nets first sports league sponsorship with Unrivaled The bourbon brand will have a significant presence around the women's basketball league both on-premise and digitally. Brand Strategy Peyton Bigora/Marketing Dive How Sprouts cultivated an organic appearance in Apple TV hit ‘Pluribus’ CMO Alisa Gmelich explains how the cameo came about and details other ways the grocer taps into culture, including through women’s sports. Brand Strategy FG Trade Latin via Getty Images Meta streamlines brands’ creator partnerships with AI-powered updates New solutions are designed to help advertisers easily find and turn existing organic content on Facebook and Instagram into partnership ads. Brand Strategy More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Marketing Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Starbucks links with MrBeast to fuel Prime Video competition series Deep Dive How the best marketing campaigns of 2025 navigated uncertain times Lexus takes generative AI for a spin in new holiday marketing content WeightWatchers revamps brand identity to better tap into GLP-1 craze Library resources Webinar - on demand 6 Strategic Video Shifts Marketers Must Master in 2026 Custom content for Vimeo Webinar - on demand How Banks Can Earn Trust and Loyalty Through Tailored Ads Custom content for Amazon Ads Survey Report How Retailers Can Transition From AI Adoption to Activation Custom content for BlueConic View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Ad Age Kenvue selects Publicis and WPP after global creative and media agency review Food Dive Jim Beam halts production at flagship Kentucky distillery The Wall Street Journal Layoffs Expected as Marketers Face Pressure Over AI Savings, Survey Finds View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Master the Art of Driving Webinar Registration and Attendance Webinar - on demand • Provided by ON24 Hit Subscribe: How Creative Subscriptions Are Changing the Marketing Game Webinar - on demand • Provided by Design Pickle AI Decisioning 101: Unlocking 1-to-1 Personalization at Scale Webinar - on demand • Provided by Braze Marketing Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading CPM Calculator Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Promote an event Related Publications Retail Dive Social Media Today Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Brand Strategy Mobile Creative Social Media Video Agencies Data/Analytics Influencer Marketing Ad Tech CMO Corner Deep Dive Library Events Press Releases Get Marketing Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.