Maytrics | If you can't measure it, you can't manage it. +49 2592 / 936 2100 Home About us Contact us Legal Privacy Legal notice Discover and make use of CORRELATIONS in your data with our advanced ecommerce tools. PERFORMANCE MARKETING with experience, strategy and data driven technology. Grow your business with leading Technology Find out what we can do for you. Get Started Now! or learn more. Who We Are Maytrics is an AI-first software development company based in Cologne, Germany. Since the formation in 2015, we have been developing and operating advanced machine learning applications and technologies in the field of online marketing with a focus on Big Data, Business Intelligence and Performance Marketing. We have over 400 customers in Europe and the world and have established ourselves over the past 3 years as a leading provider of solutions for e-commerce and lead generation. With our unique products and innovative marketing, we offers both start-ups and established corporations the opportunity to stand out from the crowd. Read More Our Services Re- and Pretargeting Get new customers for your online shop. Through a new concept that requires no personal data whatsoever, we are able to not only target users that have been active on your site already, but build user audiences with statistical twins of your customers. Dynamic Video Ads Enter the world of highly efficient video advertising. With our dynamic video ads we are able to create videos that show each user individually the relevant products from your catalog. We support In- and Outstream placements as well as Onsite usage of the videofiles. Product Data Feed Crawling Product Data Feed Management can be a hassle. With our innovative crawling technology, we keep your product data feed in perfect sync with your website and give you all the formats you need for Google Shopping, Facebook, etc. Also we offer customizable formats to make sure you can work with any marketing partner you like. Programmatic Buying We are experts in programmatic buying. For our own services as well as on behalf of our customers we control advertising campaigns and advertising media on publisher sites all over the world. You get full transparency and cost control, as well as the ability to pause and start campaigns around the clock. IPFS Content Delivery Network You need fast accessibility for your data all around the globe? Our IPFS Content Delivery Network is the solution for you. Automatic distribution moves the data to the spots where its requested most and saves you money on storage and traffic costs. Cloud Computing Scale your servers as needed. With our cloud computing solutions you can scale your backend and application servers so that you get high performance in high load times and save money in low load times. Our experienced system administrators will be happy to advise you. Our Portfolio Some of our Customers Call Us +49 (2592) 936 2100 E-Mail: info@maytrics.de Address: Wipperfürther Str. 236, 51515 Kürten Legal notice Maytrics GmbH Auf dem Büchel 33a 51515 Kürten Geschäftsführer: Martin Frericks Registergericht: Amtsgericht Köln, HRB 98532 Steuernummer: 204/5745/1472 USt-ID: DE300825260 Contact Us Contact us or give us a call to discover how we can help. Your name * Your email address * Message * Message has been sent to us. Error sending your message. © Copyright 2018. All Rights Reserved.