Maryland.gov Skip to main content An official website of the State of Maryland. Here’s how you know Translate Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites. Search Maryland.gov Search Search Maryland.gov Search Benefits Explore Benefits Health and Medical Housing and Property Unemployment Food and Nutrition Financial Assistance For People with Disabilities For Older Adults For Families and Children For Veterans For Partners See all Benefits topics Services Explore Services Driving and Transportation Public Safety Education Taxes Recreational Permits and Licenses Certificates and Public Records See all Services topics Business and Work Explore Business and Work Doing Business in Maryland Professional Licenses and Permits Doing Business with Maryland Government Workers Rights and Safety Unemployment for Workers Unemployment for Employers and Businesses Job and Career Support Service and Volunteerism For State Employees See all Business and Work topics Visit and Explore Explore Visit and Explore Explore Maryland Move to Maryland See all Visit and Explore topics Your Government Explore Your Government State Government State Agencies and Departments Elections and Voting State Goals and Initiatives Government Documents Public Records Press Releases State Holidays Federal Representatives Share Your Feedback See all Your Government topics Welcome to Maryland Discover all that Maryland offers Benefits Get the support you need to live well in Maryland. Unemployment insurance Financial assistance SNAP, WIC, and other food benefits Housing and property benefits Health and medical benefits More benefits Services Maryland provides public services that keep Marylanders safe and informed. Driving and transportation Taxes Education Birth certificates and other records Maryland OneStop More services Visit and explore Explore the outdoors or find new activities. Maryland has something for everyone. Beaches and waterways Parks and recreation Biking and hiking Campgrounds and picnics More visit and explore Benefits for Marylanders Find out what support you and your family may be eligible to receive. From medical care, food, and housing, to subsidies and financial help, we're with you every step of the way. Apply for and manage your Maryland Benefits Grow your career in Maryland Jobs and career support Professional licenses and permits State of Maryland job openings Apprenticeships and training Service and volunteerism in Maryland Start your own business Manage your business Doing business with Maryland government Doing business in Maryland Helping Maryland’s federal public servants Support is here for those who have been impacted by federal job losses or changes. Learn more about support programs and resources What's happening in Maryland MVA adds a new butterfly symbol to driver’s licenses The symbol supports people with hidden disabilities. It was created to help save lives and promote understanding. Chesapeake Bay Legacy Act protects the Bay The new law sets out to improve Bay water quality. It also promotes economic growth by using methods that are safe for the environment. 2025 Maryland Natural Resource Photo Contest This year’s contest received more than 1,800 photo submissions. A river otter is the subject of the grand prize photo. You deserve a getaway From green mountains to historic cities, Maryland has it all. Explore resources for tours, places to stay, great food, and sites to see. Find trip ideas, local events, and discounts Your voice, your state: building a better tomorrow We’re committed to serving you. If you’re looking for help, have a suggestion, or want to share your thoughts, we want to hear from you. Share your feedback Explore Maryland.gov Top Benefits and Services Drivers and Motor Vehicles Food Assistance and SNAP Unemployment Taxes Register to Vote Visit Maryland More Maryland Benefits More Maryland Services Your Government Governor Wes Moore Maryland Cabinet Agencies All State Agencies State Employee Directory For State Employees Maryland State Jobs Report State Government Fraud Customer Service Survey Policies Accessibility Privacy and Security Stay Connected Maryland Relay: 7-1-1 Maryland News Emergency Alerts Travel Alerts Report a Cybersecurity Incident Report Human Trafficking Key Bridge Updates © 2025 State of Maryland. All rights reserved.