Mary Kay® | Empowering Women Since 1963 Skip to main content Skip to footer content Missed the holiday shipping deadline? Connect with a Beauty Consultant for last-minute gift ideas! × Find A Consultant English (United States) español (Estados Unidos) 0 0 Back New Products Skin Care Shop the Set Daily from Day One Shop All Skin Care Collection Bye, Dry Skin! Shop All Collection Mary Kay Skin Care Clear Proof Clinical Solutions MK Men Satin Collection TimeWise TimeWise Repair Concern Get a Moisture Boost Shop All Concern Age-Fighting Advanced Age-Fighting Blemishes / Acne Moisturizing Sensitive Skin Sun Care Product Shop a Bestseller Shop All Product Skin Care Essentials Cleanser Exfoliator Toner & Freshener Serum & Oil Targeted Solutions Mask Eye Care Moisturizer Sets Makeup Find Your Match Reach New Heights Shop All Makeup Face Conceal with Confidence Shop All Face Primer Foundation CC Cream Concealer Loose Powder Tools Cheeks Get Glowing Shop All Cheeks Blush Contour & Highlight Tools Eyes For Looks that Last Shop All Eyes Eye Shadow Eyeliner Mascara & Lashes Brows Makeup Remover Tools Lips Supremely Hydrating Shop All Lips Lipstick Lip Gloss Lip Liner Lip Balm Tools The Essential Collection Shop All Tools Brushes Custom Palettes Travel Bag Body & Sun Mineral Protection Treat Your Hands Shop All Body & Sun Concern Head-to-Toe Protection Shop All Concern Age-Fighting Cleansing Dryness Firming Foot Care Hand Care Sun Product Type Seal in Lasting Moisture Shop All Product Type Body Care Essentials Body Wash / Shower Gel Lotion / Cream Set Fragrance Radiate With Confidence Scents For Him Shop All Fragrance Women's Collection Men's Collection Scent Scents For Her Shop All Scent Floral Fruity Masculine Woody Men's Defend Against Dryness Click for Clean Skin Shop All Men's Fragrance Skin Care Gifts Be a Beauty Consultant Discover Skin Care 101 Virtual Try On Love Your Skin Ingredient ABCs Build Your Own Beauty Routine Skin Care 101 What Skin Type Am I? Ingredient Glossary Trends & Techniques All Eyes on Hue All Eyes on Hue Saharan Dusk Blackberry Vinyl Virtual Beauty Tools Shop the Catalog Mirror Me™ Virtual Try-On Interactive Catalog Foundation Finder About Mary Kay Login English (United States) Back español (Estados Unidos) Cancel One Step to Skin Relief Get skin barrier repair + visible redness relief in one single step. Our first-ever dual solution for a compromised skin barrier and visible redness. If you experience dryness, redness or overall dullness, reach for dual-action Barrier Restore 1:1:3! Get Stronger Skin Trending Now Great Heights™ Waterproof Mascara $18.00 ﻿Elevate Your Lashes MKMen® Regimen $70.00 ﻿Hook Up His Skin Multi-Benefit Concealer $18.00 Shop Shades Clinical Solutions® Retinol 0.3 $70.00 Discover The Power Shop by Category Skin Care Body Care Color Fragrance New! Great Heights™ Waterproof Mascara Boost your visible lash length with just one coat! See To Believe Start your own beauty business! Explore Your Options Swipe. Accent. Line. Shimmer. NEW! Mary Kay® Shimmer Eye Shadow Sticks in five stellar shades! Find Your Shine Discover MirrorMe Virtual Try-On Let's Glow! Foundation Finder Find Your Match Interactive Catalog Shop Now HOW CAN WE HELP? Email Sign Up Check Order Status Contact Mary Kay Interactive Catalog FAQs ABOUT MARY KAY Satisfaction Guarantee About Mary Kay Sustainability Product Promise Beauty Awards and Honors MORE FROM MARY KAY Corporate Careers Mary Kay Global Blog Press Room Content License Agreement Consultant Login © 2025 Mary Kay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information DSA Code of Ethics & How to File a Complaint Terms Of Use Privacy Policy CA-Transparency Accessibility Change My Market Cookies This site is for U.S. Consumers. Mary Kay uses cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies on its websites for operational, analytic, and marketing purposes, including to improve your site experience. We may disclose information about your use of the site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners to analyze your use of our sites and show you our ads. You can manage how we use your personal data by clicking on " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ". To learn more about how we use your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy . By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Manage All Cookies Continue To Site Cookies This site is for U.S. Consumers. Mary Kay uses cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies on its websites for operational, analytic, and marketing purposes, including to improve your site experience. We may disclose information about your use of the site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners to analyze your use of our sites and show you our ads. You can manage how we use your personal data by clicking on "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information". To learn more about how we use your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy". By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Required Name Description Required These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, using a shopping cart, logging in to secure areas of our website, or making payments. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of our website will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Name Description Functional These cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you and to remember your preferences, for example, your name, what language you prefer and what region you are located in. Performance Name Description Performance These cookies allow us to monitor and count the number of visitors and traffic sources to our website so that we can improve the performance of our website. They help us figure out which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. The information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to collect information to improve the visitor experience. Targeting Name Description Targeting These cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies are set by us and/orThese cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies are set by us and/or our social media, analytics or advertising partners to build a profile of your interests so that you are shown relevant advertisements on our and other sites and analyze website usage.  These technologies collect information about your online behavior and interaction with content as well as other personal data and enable us to disclose your data with third party analytics and advertising partners.  These advertising practices may be considered a "sale" or "sharing" for targeted advertising under certain laws. You have the right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of your personal information by declining targeting cookies.   If you disable these cookies, you will still see advertising, but you will experience less targeted advertising across different websites. our social media, analytics or advertising partners to build a profile of your interests so that you are shown relevant advertisements on our and other sites and analyze website usage. These technologies collect information about your online behavior and interaction with content as well as other personal data and enable us to disclose your data with third party analytics and advertising partners. These advertising practices may be considered a "sale" or "sharing" for targeted advertising under certain laws. You have the right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of your personal information by declining targeting cookies. If you disable these cookies, you will still see advertising, but you will experience less targeted advertising across different websites. Confirm