Massey University of New Zealand - Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa - Massey University You are using an outdated browser. 
        Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. We use cookies to help us understand how you use our website so we can improve your experience. Visit our Website Privacy Statement or our cookies page . I understand Skip to content Main navigation menu Study / Ako Student life / Te oranga tauira Research / Rangahau About / Kaupapa matua Search / Rapu Māori @ Massey International students Library Portal Stream Alumni Apply to study Māori @ Massey International students Library Portal Stream Alumni Apply to study Study - Ako Student life - Te oranga tauira Research - Rangahau About - Kaupapa matua Search - Rapu Apply now to start studying in 2026 , Me tono mai i āianei kia ako ā te 2026 Study with us to start a career in business, health, sciences, humanities or creative arts. Study with us in 2026 Get advice Study on campus With campuses in 3 New Zealand regions – Auckland, Wellington and Manawatū – you'll find the perfect place to be inspired and achieve your goals. Study online Our flexible learning options make Massey the best choice for your online study. Discover what you can study At Massey, we offer 170 qualifications and over 2,700 courses. Nau mai, haere mai ki Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa - Welcome to Massey University Apply to study Entry requirements Scholarships & awards Fees & funding Key dates Accommodation Find a qualification, course or subject Discover what you can study with Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa Massey University – whether you’re joining us as a first-time student, returning to study or changing direction. Learn more Postgraduate study We offer more than 130 postgraduate qualifications. Get ahead in your field, increase your career prospects or expand your knowledge with postgraduate study at Massey. Upcoming events Find out what's happening on campus and online at Massey. Māori @ Massey Welcome to Māori @ Massey, the place to connect to all things Māori at Massey University. News View all news Taboo word hits the mark as Quote of the Year winner announced Thursday 18 December 2025 The swearing taboo may be losing its grip on New Zealanders if the winner of the 2025 Massey University Quote of the Year is anything to go by. Prime Minister’s Chief Science Advisor visits Manawatū campus to explore research and innovation Wednesday 17 December 2025 The Prime Minister’s Chief Science Advisor Dr John Roche visited the Manawatū campus in December to learn more about Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa Massey University’s science teaching, research and innovation. Applied Doctorate Scheme applications now open Tuesday 16 December 2025 In February, the Government announced the Applied Doctorate Scheme (ADS) - a $20 million programme to help prepare PhD students for world-class careers in science, by building stronger connections between research and industry. Finalists announced for 2025 Quote of the Year competition Wednesday 10 December 2025 Politicians under pressure, our most successful high jumper, an award-winning film maker, and some frustrated and frank conservationists are among the finalists in Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa Massey University’s annual Quote of the Year competition. Research news We are a research-led university with a reputation for excellence in innovation and the creation of new knowledge. Get the latest research stories. View all Research news Researcher works with Rūnanga to develop succession planning model Thursday 18 December 2025 Feilding-based business consultant Dr Lyn McCurdy has developed a practical framework to help Post-Settlement Governance Entities (PSGEs) improve their leadership succession and prepare future leaders. Innovative research offers solution to ease emergency department pressures Thursday 18 December 2025 After analysing more than 600,000 emergency department patient cases, Clinical Nurse Educator Dr Amber Alderson has developed a model to speed up the management of non-urgent patients and ease the pressure on frontline medical teams. Charting hidden microbial worlds to protect human and animal health Wednesday 17 December 2025 Doctor of Philosophy graduate Dr Valter Almeida’s research has revealed remarkable diversity of previously unknown gut bacteria shared between humans, livestock and endangered mountain gorillas living near Uganda’s Bwindi Impenetrable National Park. Listening, learning and leading: Dr Michelle Musakwa’s role in amplifying African voices Wednesday 17 December 2025 Doctor of Clinical Psychology graduate Dr Michelle Musakwa’s research makes an important and timely contribution to mental health research in Aotearoa New Zealand as she shines a light on perspectives missing from the national conversation: the wellbeing narratives and experiences of Black African migrants and refugees. Contact us , Whakapā mai Monday – Friday 8.30am to 4.30pm Email: contact@massey.ac.nz Phone (NZ): 0800 627739 Phone (International): +64 6 350 5701 Text: 5222 Web chat Social media More ways to get in touch Download the Massey Uni app Donate Study , Ako Student life , Te oranga tauria Research , Rangahau About , Kaupapa matua Colleges , Takiura Massey Business School , Te Kura Whai Pakihi College of Creative Arts , Toi Rauwhārangi College of Health , Te Kura Hauora Tangata College of Humanities and Social Sciences , Te Kura Pūkenga Tangata College of Sciences , Te Wāhanga Pūtaiao Popular links , Hononga rongonui Apply to study , Tonoa mai kia ako Qualifications & courses search , Ngā tohu me ngā akomanga Scholarships & awards , Ngā karahipi me ngā tohu Key dates , Ngā tino rā Massey University Calendar , Te Wātaka o Massey Student & staff portal , Tāwaha mō ngā tauira me ngā kaimahi Staff intranet , Ipurangiroto kaimahi Jobs at Massey , Ngā tūranga mahi i Massey News , Ngā karere Events , Ngā kaupapa Copyright © 1998 – 2025 Massey University. All rights reserved. Disclaimer Privacy