Mastertherm Online Mastertherm Online Home About Downloads Service Status LOG IN Menu Welcome to MASTERTHERM ONLINE Mastertherm Online: control your home's heating and cooling over the Internet LOG IN to your Heat Pump application Scroll Down About Online App The applications enables remote monitoring and control of your internet connected heatpump, equipped with a color touch control panel. Use a web browser, or download a mobile application Mastertherm Touch, available for Apple iPhone, iPad or Android phones and tablets. You can remotely switch on/off the heat pump, control temperature settings, including domestic hot water preparation and swimming pool heating, and configure and monitor all heating/cooling circuits and solar collectors. User Friendly You do not need to read user guids to be able to monitor and control your heatpump with web or mobile app. You will found apps familier as the user interface is the same on heatpump, web and mobile. Easy To Control Use the apps to easy set your comfort room temperature or domestic hot water temperature. Customize the heatpump settings, or even switch your heat pump off and back on again, remotely. Locate your heatpump and get weather forecast right in the app. Free of Charge Applications are provided free of charge. Internet usage fees are subject to your internet provider. How to Access Mastertherm Heatpump Remotely? Sign-Up Contact your installer for support in obtaining login credentials and authorization of remote access to your heatpump. Download App You are encourage to download mobile app for your phone and tablet. You can directly login to Mastertherm Online web application on this site. Log In Enter your login credentials (username, password) to mobile application or login to web application. Take control Use the mobile or web application to remotly monitor and control your heatpump over Internet. Download Mastertherm Mobile App Today! MasterTherm mobile application allows you to monitor and control your MasterTherm heat pump remotely from your Apple iPhone/iPad or Android phone/tablet over the Internet. Mobile applications both for Apple iPhone / iPad and Android phones / tablets are available for download, follow the links below. App Store Play Store Already 20 years we design and manufacture complete range of heat pumps used by thousands of satisfied customers across Europe. Air/water, brine/water and water/water heat pumps for applications up to 2000 kW in residential, commercial and industry segment. HQ Contact Master Therm tepelná čerpadla s.r.o. Okrajová 187 253 01 Chýně Czech Republic info@mastertherm.cz Phone: +420 800 444 000 Site Links Mastertherm EU Mastertherm CZ Mastertherm UK Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Request by the Data Subject to Exercise the Rights Objection to the Processing of Personal Data Withdrawal of Consent to the Processing of Personal Data © Copyright Master Therm tepelná čerpadla s.r.o. Design by ITS Consulting s.r.o. & Neoware s.r.o. with credits to styleshout