Skip to main content
search
material_design
Home
apps
Get started
code
Develop
book
Foundations
palette
Styles
add_circle
Components
pages
Blog
play_arrow
pause
dark_mode
light_mode
Material Design
Material Design 3 is Google’s open-source design system for building beautiful, usable products.
Get started
pause
M3 Expressive: Design with emotion

Build more usable and engaging products with emotion-driven UX. M3 Expressive adds vibrant colors, intuitive motion, adaptive components, flexible typography, and contrasting shapes.

Updated: Figma M3 Design Kit
Quickly create design mockups and prototypes with the latest Material 3 Expressive components and styles
New: Motion physics
Easier-to-implement motion system for more customizable transitions—powered by tokens
Expanded: Shape library
New set of 35 shapes to add decorative visual elements, with built-in shape morph motion
Blog: Guide to our latest update
Get a full introduction to the latest evolution of Material, including new components and style updates
Blog: Research Insights
Dive into the three years of research that influenced the evolution of Material Design’s Expressive update
Expressive components
New: Toolbars
Flexible component to display frequently used actions. Toolbars hold a variety of controls like buttons, and can also be paired with a FAB.
New: Split button
Pair a button with related actions in a connected menu. Split buttons leverage expressive shape and motion strategies.
Updated: Progress indicators
An eye-catching way to show the status of a process in real time. Customize waveform and thickness to show progress with style.
New: Button groups
A new way to organize related buttons—with shape-shifting buttons that bump and react to each other
See all expressive components
Check out all 14 new and updated M3 Expressive components
How to apply M3 Expressive
Blog: Using motion physics
Learn how the motion scheme works, the changes to existing APIs, and what you need to know to leverage it
Watch: Build with M3 Expressive
Discover how to use Material’s emotional design patterns to boost usability and desire for your product
Popular resources
Material blog
News, tutorials, and inspiration from the Material team
Figma M3 Design Kit
Customizable styles and components to help you design with Material 3
Get started
Guides, videos, and tools to start building with Material
Develop
Code and developer documentation for building with Material
material_design

Material Design is an adaptable system of guidelines, components, and tools that support the best practices of user interface design. Backed by open-source code, Material Design streamlines collaboration between designers and developers, and helps teams quickly build beautiful products.

Social
GitHub
X
YouTube
Blog RSS
Libraries
Android
Compose
Flutter
Web
Archived versions
Material Design 1
Material Design 2
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Join research studies
Feedback