Materialise | 3D Printing Innovators Industrial Healthcare About Inspiration Learn Contact Support Locations English Français Deutsch Español Italiano 한국어 日本語 中文 English Choose website language English Français Deutsch Español Italiano 한국어 日本語 中文 Make a Difference We empower your sustainable 3D printing applications Secure your place as a leader in your industry using pioneering solutions for flexible industrial manufacturing and mass personalization in healthcare. We develop our products and services based on decades of experience in additive technologies to support your projects. Let’s innovate together for a better and healthier world. Our industrial offering Take your business to the next level with our digital manufacturing services and fully connected software solutions. Let us help you carve your competitive edge. 3D printing services Whether your product is one-of-a-kind or the first of many, rely on us to deliver your prototyping and serial manufacturing projects. Software Trust in our powerful, technology-neutral platform of software tools to manage and control your in-house 3D printing processes — offering flexibility, scalability, and sustainability. More about our industrial offering Our healthcare offering Realize better patient outcomes, and improve and save lives with personalized care made possible by 3D technology. Healthcare professionals Approach cases from the routine to the complex with personalized solutions based on 3D printing, biomechanical analysis, and 3D planning. Medical device companies From idea to treatment, accelerate your journey in bringing personalized solutions to market for more sustainable patient care. Academia Powerful, clinically accepted R&D software and hardware provide research teams with personalized engineering, analysis, and simulation tools to perform their work. More about our healthcare offering Inspiration Discover how industries evolve with 3D technology thanks to insights from our customers and experts. More inspiration News Stay up to date with Materialise press releases, company highlights, product updates, and financial news. More news About Materialise Materialise stands for meaningful innovation, building sustainable solutions that make a real impact thanks to our unparalleled 3D printing knowledge, expertise in personalized healthcare, passionate people, and laser-focused customer-centric approach. Industrial 3D printing services Software Industries we work in Healthcare Healthcare professionals Medical device companies Academia Medical software Inspiration Learn Support About Impact Careers News Events Investors Contact us English 中文 日本語 한국어 Italiano Español Deutsch Français © Copyright Materialise 2026 Cookie statement Legal terms Privacy notice