Security for Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 | Material Security Get your free tickets to security theater in NYC on nov 12th Product One platform to secure the cloud workspace Explore Material PRODUCT AREAS Email Security Stop advanced threats that bypass native controls. File Security Secure sensitive files and reduce data sprawl. Account Security Detect risky behavior and contain account threats. Solutions use cases Modernize Your Email Security Lose the limitations of gateways with deep detection and response capabilities. Operationalize Google's Native Tools Build on Google' strong security foundation and make it work for you. Control Shadow and Unauthorized AI Gain visibility and control over third-party app usage to manage shadow AI and IT. Secure Sharing Without Slowing Down Automatically secure Google Drive files without hampering collaboration. Automate User Report Response Transform user-reported phishing into instant protection while eliminating toil. See how Material helps All Use Cases providers Google Workspace Enhanced security atop the productivity suite. Microsoft 365 Added layers of protection in critical areas. Pricing Customers Read the case study “As a small team, I needed a tool that worked great out of the box...but still offered customization when needed. Material delivered.” FRANK WANG Lead Security Engineer Read the case study CASE STUDIES See all customer stories Company A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. Read post A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. Listen to episode A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. Watch video A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. Listen episode Assess Your Google Workspace Security Posture in 5 Minutes Material’s free Google Workspace Security Scorecard is designed to help organizations quickly assess their security posture across email, files, accounts, and global configurations, providing actionable recommendations to mitigate real-world risks. Read post Assess Your Google Workspace Security Posture in 5 Minutes Material’s free Google Workspace Security Scorecard is designed to help organizations quickly assess their security posture across email, files, accounts, and global configurations, providing actionable recommendations to mitigate real-world risks. Listen to episode Assess Your Google Workspace Security Posture in 5 Minutes Material’s free Google Workspace Security Scorecard is designed to help organizations quickly assess their security posture across email, files, accounts, and global configurations, providing actionable recommendations to mitigate real-world risks. Watch video Assess Your Google Workspace Security Posture in 5 Minutes Material’s free Google Workspace Security Scorecard is designed to help organizations quickly assess their security posture across email, files, accounts, and global configurations, providing actionable recommendations to mitigate real-world risks. Listen episode About Us Who we are and what we’re building Careers See openings to join our growing team Partners Our extended ecosystem Resource Library Product updates, company news, and more. Events Upcoming security events and webinars. Love Get a demo Secure what your business is made of We protect your company’s most valuable materials — the emails, files, and accounts that live in your Google Workspace & Microsoft 365 cloud offices. Get a demo Assess your Workspace Trusted by the best and brightest companies The first detection and response platform built for the cloud workspace Material Platform Loading 1 min overview... Watch 1 min overview Email Security Automatically detect and remediate sophisticated malicious emails that bypass native controls Learn more File Security Protect sensitive content by cleaning up sharing permissions and reducing data sprawl Learn more Account Security Harden cloud workspace accounts, detect risky behavior, and contain the blast radius of a compromise Learn more Meet Material — The first detection and response platform built for the cloud workspace Material Platform Loading 1 min overview... Watch 1 min overview Email Security Automatically detect and remediate malicious emails that bypass native controls Data Security Protect sensitive data in emails & files at scale without hampering productivity and collaboration Identity Threat Detection Harden cloud workspace accounts and contain the blast radius of a compromise Posture Management Monitor & remediate  configuration drift and risky behaviors automatically This is security built for the systems you rely on. The cloud workspace is a single app. Trying to secure it with a patchwork of other tools creates complexity and context gaps. Material is purpose-built for the cloud workspace and gives you a holistic view of your most critical assets. Built for cloud workspaces, not adapted to them Legacy email security and DLP tools are retrofitted for Google Workspace and Microsoft 365—not designed for them.   Material offers in-depth protection for cloud-based collaboration. Protection before, during, and after an incident Material turns incidents into manageable events with full lifecycle protection—detection before, containment during, and resilience after. ‍ Even if credentials are compromised, your sensitive data stays protected. Security that multiplies impact, not headcount You don’t need more tools or headcount, you need smarter automation. Material comes with built-in auto-remediations that resolve issues with pre-defined settings— so your team handles more threats without the burnout. Built for the way you work Material fits seamlessly into your team’s workflows and is fully extensible via APIs and event hooks. It protects users without getting in their way. Trade reactive scrambles for proactive security, and trust that Material is always in the background. Security is what we build, secure is how we operate Material was founded by engineers who’ve experienced the limitations of traditional tools firsthand. This experience shapes everything we build. Security & Compliance SOC 2 Type 2 certified operations and regular third-party security testing Transparent Accountability Documented chain of custody for code changes and immutable audit logs for all admin and security actions. Isolated Deployments Single-tenant architecture that keeps your environment fully isolated from other customers. Proactive Incident Response Dedicated incident response team with documented protocols, background checks, and continuous training. How top security teams use Material See a Demo See Our Customers HEAR FROM OUR CUSTOMERS “I think it’s important to look at the cloud office at a wider holistic level and not just at the point of entry. Understanding its whole life cycle and even what’s being done with it when resting is critical to protecting that platform. Material does that very well.” Dan Ayala Chief Security & Trust Officer HEAR FROM OUR CUSTOMERS "We knew critical aspects of Google's Workspace native security wouldn't scale as our company got bigger, which is why we came to Material.” Frank Wang Lead Security Engineer HEAR FROM OUR CUSTOMERS “I've seen amazing improvements in our ability to react, relying on well-trusted mechanisms from Material. With just one click, we can disable phishing emails.” Devdatta Akhawe Head of Security "The 'aha moment' came when we realized Material Security wasn’t just a technical product, but a cultural one. By design it reinforces good security culture and collaboration." Joel Larish Chief Product & Technology Officer "The 'aha moment' came when we realized Material Security wasn’t just a technical product, but a cultural one. By design it reinforces good security culture and collaboration." Joel Larish Chief Product & Technology Officer "The best thing about the phishing features in Material Security is I haven't had to do anything like a phishing campaign. I've loved the interactivity of it all.” Robert Santos Head of IT "The best thing about the phishing features in Material Security is I haven't had to do anything like a phishing campaign. I've loved the interactivity of it all.” Robert Santos Head of IT "We knew critical aspects of Google's Workspace native security wouldn't scale as our company got bigger, which is why we came to Material.” Frank Wang Lead Security Engineer "We knew critical aspects of Google's Workspace native security wouldn't scale as our company got bigger, which is why we came to Material.” Frank Wang Lead Security Engineer “I think it’s important to look at the cloud office at a wider holistic level and not just at the point of entry. Understanding its whole life cycle and even what’s being done with it when resting is critical to protecting that platform. Material does that very well.” Dan Ayala Chief Security & Trust Officer “I think it’s important to look at the cloud office at a wider holistic level and not just at the point of entry. Understanding its whole life cycle and even what’s being done with it when resting is critical to protecting that platform. Material does that very well.” Dan Ayala Chief Security & Trust Officer “With Material, we have a mightier team because automation takes away the toil. The security team doesn’t need to check every email and do all the data mapping across multiple tools. It’s so much easier.” Lisa Hall CISO “With Material, we have a mightier team because automation takes away the toil. The security team doesn’t need to check every email and do all the data mapping across multiple tools. It’s so much easier.” Lisa Hall CISO “We're seeing much better adoption because Material allows us to tailor our phishing campaigns to what we're actually seeing in the industry. And it takes a lot of that burden off the end user, which is fantastic for us.“ Chris Ulrich Director of Security & Compliance “We're seeing much better adoption because Material allows us to tailor our phishing campaigns to what we're actually seeing in the industry. And it takes a lot of that burden off the end user, which is fantastic for us.“ Chris Ulrich Director of Security & Compliance “The Material team is highly engaged. They're in our real time communication channels with us. They go above and beyond in terms of delivery. And we see that time and time again. I mean, I can't say enough good things about them.” Jason Morrow Vice President of Cybersecurity “The Material team is highly engaged. They're in our real time communication channels with us. They go above and beyond in terms of delivery. And we see that time and time again. I mean, I can't say enough good things about them.” Jason Morrow Vice President of Cybersecurity “If someone gets access to the inbox, they have keys to the kingdom and can reset passwords for all sorts of other apps. With Material, they can’t get into our file store ” Ryan Donnon Director of IT “If someone gets access to the inbox, they have keys to the kingdom and can reset passwords for all sorts of other apps. With Material, they can’t get into our file store ” Ryan Donnon Director of IT “Material is now the solution that I talk about most with enterprise security folks. I tell them: you should know that Material is the Coca Cola of email security. We love this product and benefit from every feature of it.” Allen Jeter Director of IT “Material is now the solution that I talk about most with enterprise security folks. I tell them: you should know that Material is the Coca Cola of email security. We love this product and benefit from every feature of it.” Allen Jeter Director of IT “Having our own instance and isolating the data was huge for us. We could control behavior and access to our account. We know exactly what’s going on.” David Cook CISO, Databricks “Having our own instance and isolating the data was huge for us. We could control behavior and access to our account. We know exactly what’s going on.” David Cook CISO, Databricks “Material’s solution is brilliant and simple. It enables you to protect the long tail of email while still keeping it available to employees. It helps protect us from day zero to whenever.” Veejay Leswal VP, Technology & Cloud Operations, Oportun “Material’s solution is brilliant and simple. It enables you to protect the long tail of email while still keeping it available to employees. It helps protect us from day zero to whenever.” Veejay Leswal VP, Technology & Cloud Operations, Oportun “The plan was to find something more holistic for email security. We always consider how to best maintain security and privacy while improving usability.” Jake Bilyak IT DevSecOps Engineer “The plan was to find something more holistic for email security. We always consider how to best maintain security and privacy while improving usability.” Jake Bilyak IT DevSecOps Engineer “When it comes to filtering phishing attempts, Google is a good start. But as a fintech company that handles sensitive data, we wanted a more robust tool. With Material, Carta has increased its phishing awareness posture.” Vince Parras Corporate Security & Audit, Carta “When it comes to filtering phishing attempts, Google is a good start. But as a fintech company that handles sensitive data, we wanted a more robust tool. With Material, Carta has increased its phishing awareness posture.” Vince Parras Corporate Security & Audit, Carta “Material Security was a force multiplier for us. It allowed our security team to enhance our identity layer program and gain visibility —all while being able to enforce a second factor on top of everything.” Brad Chivukula VP of Engineering, Collective Health “Material Security was a force multiplier for us. It allowed our security team to enhance our identity layer program and gain visibility —all while being able to enforce a second factor on top of everything.” Brad Chivukula VP of Engineering, Collective Health “Amplitude employees love the idea of being a superhero. People want to help their teammates and make a difference in protecting the company from a disastrous event.” Scott Schultz Manager, Trust & Security “Amplitude employees love the idea of being a superhero. People want to help their teammates and make a difference in protecting the company from a disastrous event.” Scott Schultz Manager, Trust & Security “I can sleep better knowing that my teammates are being protected while Material is automatically doing the backend work to say whether something looks suspicious, legitimate, or is a full stop.” Giovanni Sanchez Systems Engineer “I can sleep better knowing that my teammates are being protected while Material is automatically doing the backend work to say whether something looks suspicious, legitimate, or is a full stop.” Giovanni Sanchez Systems Engineer “There's been advancements in security technologies such as Material Security that use machine learning and AI to enable organizations to better detect and prevent those email-based threats in real time.” Daniel Elice Cybersecurity Engineer, Rebellion Defense “There's been advancements in security technologies such as Material Security that use machine learning and AI to enable organizations to better detect and prevent those email-based threats in real time.” Daniel Elice Cybersecurity Engineer, Rebellion Defense “We started to replace incumbent partners with those that give a broader lens into what's actually going on within the organization. Moving to Material has been a huge win for us. We gained visibility and curbed some of the risks within our environment.” Erik Wille CISO, Cabinetworks Group “We started to replace incumbent partners with those that give a broader lens into what's actually going on within the organization. Moving to Material has been a huge win for us. We gained visibility and curbed some of the risks within our environment.” Erik Wille CISO, Cabinetworks Group “Something that really stuck out to us was posture management as an element of the tool – there's a lot of really good context that would be hard to find in Google otherwise.“ Allen Cox Sr Director, IT & Security, MyFitnessPal “Something that really stuck out to us was posture management as an element of the tool – there's a lot of really good context that would be hard to find in Google otherwise.“ Allen Cox Sr Director, IT & Security, MyFitnessPal “Material in contrast is, at least for me, very much plug and play. It works well for a very lean team to make sure you're still covering your bases and making sure your email suite is secure.” Aaron Clukey Director of Information Security & IT, Alto “Material in contrast is, at least for me, very much plug and play. It works well for a very lean team to make sure you're still covering your bases and making sure your email suite is secure.” Aaron Clukey Director of Information Security & IT, Alto “One of the big things that makes Material unique in this space is their team, which is professional to an extraordinary degree.” Thomas Brittain Senior Vice President, Information Technology, Mariner Wealth Advisors “One of the big things that makes Material unique in this space is their team, which is professional to an extraordinary degree.” Thomas Brittain Senior Vice President, Information Technology, Mariner Wealth Advisors “Visibility is my number one driver for implementing Material. You can’t protect what you don’t know. Now, we have visibility, we can audit at any time, and we have the metrics. No more guessing that something is risky when we can quickly measure it.” Lisa Hall Former Head of Information Security, PagerDuty “Visibility is my number one driver for implementing Material. You can’t protect what you don’t know. Now, we have visibility, we can audit at any time, and we have the metrics. No more guessing that something is risky when we can quickly measure it.” Lisa Hall Former Head of Information Security, PagerDuty “Material was simple to operate and trust even at our scale. There was no complex implementation and no disruption to go into production, and we had full access to our own cloud instance throughout. Within a couple of hours of deployment, we could analyze all the email data for all our domains across North America. It was remarkable.” Matt Pecorelli Director Cybersecurity Operations, Mars “Material was simple to operate and trust even at our scale. There was no complex implementation and no disruption to go into production, and we had full access to our own cloud instance throughout. Within a couple of hours of deployment, we could analyze all the email data for all our domains across North America. It was remarkable.” Matt Pecorelli Director Cybersecurity Operations, Mars “If we review the last 5 years of incidents across multiple industries, both sophisticated and wide-spread attacks started with a successful intrusion through phishing. Material gives us an extra layer of protection when it matters most—and accelerates our detection and response time by delivering a strong workflow.” Nico Waisman Former CISO, Lyft “If we review the last 5 years of incidents across multiple industries, both sophisticated and wide-spread attacks started with a successful intrusion through phishing. Material gives us an extra layer of protection when it matters most—and accelerates our detection and response time by delivering a strong workflow.” Nico Waisman Former CISO, Lyft “It used to take me 20-30 mins to investigate a single phishing email. Today I received 5 or 6 phishing emails and spent only 2-5 minutes in Material.” Alex Bynum Information Security Manager, Color “It used to take me 20-30 mins to investigate a single phishing email. Today I received 5 or 6 phishing emails and spent only 2-5 minutes in Material.” Alex Bynum Information Security Manager, Color “At Gusto, every employee is serious about protecting our customers and ecosystem. We are using Material to take full advantage of the underlying APIs in our cloud email to protect against phishing, reduce ATO attacks, prevent sensitive data leakage, and more.” Fredrick "Flee" Lee CSO, Gusto “At Gusto, every employee is serious about protecting our customers and ecosystem. We are using Material to take full advantage of the underlying APIs in our cloud email to protect against phishing, reduce ATO attacks, prevent sensitive data leakage, and more.” Fredrick "Flee" Lee CSO, Gusto See what we’ve been up to See all resources See all resources Blog Post A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. Patrick Duffy 5m read Read post Podcast A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. 5m listen Listen to episode Podcast A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. 5m watch Watch webinar Podcast A Sharper Lens on Threats, A Clearer View of Risk: Material's Latest Updates Material's updates make it even easier for security teams to understand and respond to risks and threats with an overhauled Email Threats Dashboard, a new Account View, and more. 5m watch Watch webinar blog post The Quiet Phish: Stopping Calendar Invitation Attacks Learn how to mitigate the risk posted by calendar invitation attacks against Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 accounts. Rajan Kapoor, VP, Security 5 m read Read post Podcast The Quiet Phish: Stopping Calendar Invitation Attacks Learn how to mitigate the risk posted by calendar invitation attacks against Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 accounts. 5 m listen Listen to episode Video The Quiet Phish: Stopping Calendar Invitation Attacks Learn how to mitigate the risk posted by calendar invitation attacks against Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 accounts. 5 m watch Watch video Downloads The Quiet Phish: Stopping Calendar Invitation Attacks Learn how to mitigate the risk posted by calendar invitation attacks against Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 accounts. 5 m listen Watch video Webinar The Quiet Phish: Stopping Calendar Invitation Attacks Learn how to mitigate the risk posted by calendar invitation attacks against Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 accounts. 5 m listen Listen episode blog post A Time to Build, a Time to Buy - How to Make a Choice Building security tools in-house is seductive but often leads to costly, resource-draining tech debt, making buying a customizable platform the smarter choice unless the problem involves unique trust issues, an unserved market, or highly specialized environment logic. Rajan Kapoor, VP, Security m read Read post Podcast A Time to Build, a Time to Buy - How to Make a Choice Building security tools in-house is seductive but often leads to costly, resource-draining tech debt, making buying a customizable platform the smarter choice unless the problem involves unique trust issues, an unserved market, or highly specialized environment logic. m listen Listen to episode Video A Time to Build, a Time to Buy - How to Make a Choice Building security tools in-house is seductive but often leads to costly, resource-draining tech debt, making buying a customizable platform the smarter choice unless the problem involves unique trust issues, an unserved market, or highly specialized environment logic. m watch Watch video Downloads A Time to Build, a Time to Buy - How to Make a Choice Building security tools in-house is seductive but often leads to costly, resource-draining tech debt, making buying a customizable platform the smarter choice unless the problem involves unique trust issues, an unserved market, or highly specialized environment logic. m listen Watch video Webinar A Time to Build, a Time to Buy - How to Make a Choice Building security tools in-house is seductive but often leads to costly, resource-draining tech debt, making buying a customizable platform the smarter choice unless the problem involves unique trust issues, an unserved market, or highly specialized environment logic. m listen Listen episode blog post Context Is Everything: Sharpening Account Takeover Detection with Network Intelligence Material elevates Account Takeover (ATO) detection beyond basic IP logging by integrating real-time network intelligence from Spur, instantly differentiating legitimate remote work from sophisticated proxy-based attacks. Mike Moran, Ph.D. 7 m read Read post Podcast Context Is Everything: Sharpening Account Takeover Detection with Network Intelligence Material elevates Account Takeover (ATO) detection beyond basic IP logging by integrating real-time network intelligence from Spur, instantly differentiating legitimate remote work from sophisticated proxy-based attacks. 7 m listen Listen to episode Video Context Is Everything: Sharpening Account Takeover Detection with Network Intelligence Material elevates Account Takeover (ATO) detection beyond basic IP logging by integrating real-time network intelligence from Spur, instantly differentiating legitimate remote work from sophisticated proxy-based attacks. 7 m watch Watch video Downloads Context Is Everything: Sharpening Account Takeover Detection with Network Intelligence Material elevates Account Takeover (ATO) detection beyond basic IP logging by integrating real-time network intelligence from Spur, instantly differentiating legitimate remote work from sophisticated proxy-based attacks. 7 m listen Watch video Webinar Context Is Everything: Sharpening Account Takeover Detection with Network Intelligence Material elevates Account Takeover (ATO) detection beyond basic IP logging by integrating real-time network intelligence from Spur, instantly differentiating legitimate remote work from sophisticated proxy-based attacks. 7 m listen Listen episode blog post Beyond Block: Why Your Security Stack Needs More Verbs, not More Tools Modern security demands organizations stop relying on perimeter blocking and adopt a richer vocabulary of proactive capabilities to manage risk dynamically inside collaborative cloud environments. Nate Abbott 3 m read Read post Podcast Beyond Block: Why Your Security Stack Needs More Verbs, not More Tools Modern security demands organizations stop relying on perimeter blocking and adopt a richer vocabulary of proactive capabilities to manage risk dynamically inside collaborative cloud environments. 3 m listen Listen to episode Video Beyond Block: Why Your Security Stack Needs More Verbs, not More Tools Modern security demands organizations stop relying on perimeter blocking and adopt a richer vocabulary of proactive capabilities to manage risk dynamically inside collaborative cloud environments. 3 m watch Watch video Downloads Beyond Block: Why Your Security Stack Needs More Verbs, not More Tools Modern security demands organizations stop relying on perimeter blocking and adopt a richer vocabulary of proactive capabilities to manage risk dynamically inside collaborative cloud environments. 3 m listen Watch video Webinar Beyond Block: Why Your Security Stack Needs More Verbs, not More Tools Modern security demands organizations stop relying on perimeter blocking and adopt a richer vocabulary of proactive capabilities to manage risk dynamically inside collaborative cloud environments. 3 m listen Listen episode See all resources Get a live demo Ready to secure what your business is made of? Get a demo Fredrick "Flee" Lee CSO, Gusto “At Gusto, every employee is serious about protecting our customers and ecosystem. We are using Material to take full advantage of the underlying APIs in our cloud email to protect against phishing, reduce ATO attacks, prevent sensitive data leakage, and more.” Alex Bynum Information Security Manager, Color “It used to take me 20-30 mins to investigate a single phishing email. Today I received 5 or 6 phishing emails and spent only 2-5 minutes in Material.” Nico Waisman Former CISO, Lyft “If we review the last 5 years of incidents across multiple industries, both sophisticated and wide-spread attacks started with a successful intrusion through phishing. Material gives us an extra layer of protection when it matters most—and accelerates our detection and response time by delivering a strong workflow.” Matt Pecorelli Director Cybersecurity Operations, Mars “Material was simple to operate and trust even at our scale. There was no complex implementation and no disruption to go into production, and we had full access to our own cloud instance throughout. Within a couple of hours of deployment, we could analyze all the email data for all our domains across North America. It was remarkable.” company About us Careers Partners Resource Library Events Trust Center Customer Success platform Product Use Cases Pricing CUSTOMERS Case Studies Love Providers Microsoft 365 Google Workspace Google Partnership Workspace Resources Privacy Policy Coordinated Disclosure Policy Schedule your demo See more Privacy Preference Center By clicking “Accept” , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Allow all Decline all New