Classroom Resources - National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Toggle navigation Log out Log in Join View Cart Store Classroom Resources Notice and Wonder Illuminations Problems of the Week Problems to Ponder Innovative Lessons and Activities Classroom Conversations Math Sightings Video Lessons Teacher Resources Back to School Resources Publications Featured Books Advertise Mathematics Teacher: Learning and Teaching PK-12 Journal for Research in Mathematics Education Mathematics Teacher Educator Institutional Subscriptions Rights and Permissions Write, Review, Referee Legacy Journals Essentials Made Easy Standards & Positions Principles to Actions Position Statements Catalyzing Change Standards for Mathematics Teacher Preparation High School Mathematics Reimagined GAISE II Curriculum Focal Points NCTM Standards Advocacy Policies and Recommendations Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy Infographics Every Student Succeeds Act - ESSA Toolkit Capitol Hill Visits Research Research Briefs & Clips Linking Research & Practice Research Conference Research Monographs Journal for Research in Mathematics Education Continuing the Journey Conferences & Professional Development NCTM Annual Meeting & Exposition Professional Development Resources Indianapolis Spring Conference Research Conference New Orleans Spring Conference NCTM Pop-Up One-Day Workshops NCTE-NCTM Joint Conference on Elementary Literacy & Mathematics Institutes Virtual Book Studies Speaking at NCTM Events Webinars Professional Services NCTM District Solutions Exhibit, Advertise, Sponsor Grants & Awards Funding Opportunities Browse All Grants About Mathematics Education Trust Giving Opportunities Special Events Lifetime Achievement Award Social Justice and Mathematics Membership Individuals Group Memberships for Schools and Districts Group Content Access About Affiliates News & Calendar Career Center Get Involved Support Us MyNCTM About Affiliates News & Calendar Career Center Get Involved Support Us MyNCTM Log In About Affiliates News & Calendar Career Center Get Involved Support Us MyNCTM Join Now View Cart NCTM Store Toggle navigation MENU Classroom Resources Notice and Wonder Illuminations Problems of the Week Problems to Ponder Innovative Lessons and Activities Classroom Conversations Math Sightings Video Lessons Teacher Resources Back to School Resources Publications Featured Books Advertise Mathematics Teacher: Learning and Teaching PK-12 Journal for Research in Mathematics Education Mathematics Teacher Educator Institutional Subscriptions Rights and Permissions Write, Review, Referee Legacy Journals Essentials Made Easy Standards & Positions Principles to Actions Position Statements Catalyzing Change Standards for Mathematics Teacher Preparation High School Mathematics Reimagined GAISE II Curriculum Focal Points NCTM Standards Advocacy Policies and Recommendations Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy Infographics Every Student Succeeds Act - ESSA Toolkit Capitol Hill Visits Research Research Briefs & Clips Linking Research & Practice Research Conference Research Monographs Journal for Research in Mathematics Education Continuing the Journey Conferences & Professional Development NCTM Annual Meeting & Exposition Professional Development Resources Indianapolis Spring Conference Research Conference New Orleans Spring Conference NCTM Pop-Up One-Day Workshops NCTE-NCTM Joint Conference on Elementary Literacy & Mathematics Institutes Virtual Book Studies Speaking at NCTM Events Webinars Professional Services NCTM District Solutions Exhibit, Advertise, Sponsor Grants & Awards Funding Opportunities Browse All Grants About Mathematics Education Trust Giving Opportunities Special Events Lifetime Achievement Award Social Justice and Mathematics Membership Individuals Group Memberships for Schools and Districts Group Content Access Classroom Resources Log In Not a member? Join Now Lesson Plans and Interactives "Illuminations" Lesson Plans and Interactives, are one of our most popular PreK-12 resources. Browse our collection of more than 700 lesson plans , interactives , and brain teasers . Here are some of our most popular interactives, according to our users! Isometric Drawing Tool Ten Frame Factor Game Product Game Notice and Wonder When students become active doers of mathematics, the greatest gains of their mathematical thinking can be realized. NCTM members can engage with PreK-12 resources to support the implementation of the Notice and Wonder strategy on this webpage. Explore Notice and Wonder Lesson Plans ! New! Notice and Wonder collectible enamel pins! Perfect for teachers and staff to show off their personality—and for students to enjoy our beloved math-loving duo, Notice and Wonder. Problems of the Week This extensive library hosts sets of math problems suitable for students PreK-12. The resources span multiple topics and members have access to the over 1,000 problems and supporting materials! Share how you use NCTM's Problems of the Week in your classroom by tagging @NCTM on X! Math Sightings These stories and lesson sketches, focused in the middle and high school grades, are meant to help your students extend their view of the world a little bit by using math to make sense of experiences in daily life. Student Explorations in Mathematics NCTM members can browse the extensive archive of Students Explorations in Mathematics activities and materials suitable for grades 5-10. Many activities are hands-on and related to popular topics that can be tied in with other units, such as sports, elections, nutrition, and more. Figure This! Figure  This! demonstrates  challenging middle school mathematics and emphasizes the importance of high-quality  math education for each and every student. Find interesting math challenges  that middle-school students can do at home with their families. These  challenges are free to members and non-members! Activities with Rigor and Coherence ARCs are Activities with Rigor and Coherence that span grades K-8. Each ARC is a series of lessons that addresses a mathematical topic and demonstrates the vision of Principles to Actions: Ensuring Mathematical Success for All . Reasoning and Sense Making Task Library In order for high school students to be engaged in reasoning and sense making in the classroom, the task—what students are asked to do—is critical. While linking the task directly with NCTM's Focus in High School Mathematics: Reasoning and Sense Making , NCTM's Principles and Standards for School Mathematics , and the Common Core State Standards , each item addresses task design , teaching design and student engagement . NCTM is committed to offering standards-based resources that improve the teaching and learning of mathematics for each and every student. Video Lessons Use these K-8 teaching tools to bring relevance to your lessons in today's ever-changing world! K-2 | Intro to Addition 3-5 | Introduction to Fractions Using a Number Line 6-8 | Graphing Linear Equations: Slope & y-intercept Innovative Lessons and Activities 2-6 | Math in Action Career Oriented Three-Act Task Kits K-8 | Complex Instruction Tools to Enact Complex Instruction for Teachers and Students Free Resources Not a member yet? See what NCTM has to offer for your grade level. Here are this month’s featured  free resources! December's free resources include: K-2 | Okta's Rescue 3-5 | Dashing Through the Snow 6-8 | Let It Snow 9-12 | A Growing Celebration See more of what NCTM has to offer and become a member today ! MyNCTM Illuminations Notice and Wonder 1906 Association Drive Reston, VA 20191-1502 (800) 235-7566 or (703) 620-9840 FAX: (703) 476-2970 nctm@nctm.org Advertise with NCTM Exhibit and Sponsor For the Media Copyright © 2025, National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. &amp;amp;lt;img height="1"      width="1"      style="display:none;"      alt=""      src="https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=5502186&amp;amp;amp;amp;fmt=gif"   /> Terms of Use Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Contact Us