Mathletics Asia | Empowering Mathematics Learning Online Skip to content Search for: For School For Home Why Mathletics? Features Curriculum Aligned About Us Support FAQ’s Help Hub Technical Support Parent Support Single Sign On Contact Blog Free Trial For Schools For Home Users Purchase Now School Quote Home User Pricing Sign In Student/School Parent Search for: For School For Home Why Mathletics? Features Curriculum Aligned About Us Support FAQ’s Help Hub Technical Support Parent Support Single Sign On Contact Blog Free Trial For Schools For Home Users Purchase Now School Quote Home User Pricing Sign In Student/School Parent Homepage Dev Ops 2025-07-24T01:28:19+00:00 The world’s leading online maths program Transform the way your students learn maths with Mathletics, the world’s leading online maths program that builds confidence through personalised learning, exciting games and mastery challenges. Get started in minutes, at home or in the classroom. Free Trial for Schools Free Trial for Home Users A 3P Learning product. The world’s leading online maths program Transform the way your students learn maths with Mathletics, the world’s leading online maths program that builds confidence through personalised learning, exciting games and mastery challenges. Get started in minutes, at home or in the classroom. Free Trial for Schools Free Trial for Home Users A 3P Learning product. The world’s leading online maths program Transform the way your students learn maths with Mathletics, the world’s leading online maths program that builds confidence through personalised learning, exciting games and mastery challenges. Get started in minutes, at home or in the classroom. Free Trial for Schools Free Trial for Home Users A 3P Learning product. Mathletics is now better than ever Introducing the NEW Student Console Discover the dynamic new student hub that promotes high engagement and motivates students to achieve more. NEW Avatar Maker Every student is unique. That’s why the improved Avatar Maker lets them create and customise the ultimate Mathletics avatar. NEW Certificates Celebrate your students’ hard work with personalised certificates that link to new Achievement Levels. A better way to create empowered maths learners Mathletics provides the perfect level of support and challenge to make sure each student achieves their best. In less than an hour per week, children aged 5–16 quickly become motivated, confident and successful  learners with improved test results. Goodbye maths anxiety! Students For teachers, automated marking and student progress reports are the essential formative assessment tools you need. Planning, homework and revision is simple – it only takes seconds to set activities, view progress and check results. In fact, the number-one reason over 200,000 teachers love Mathletics is because it saves time and is easy to use. Teachers Parents, tutors and homeschoolers will also love the detailed insights Mathletics provides, which clearly show children’s strengths, as well as areas that need extra attention. Parents See why over 3 million students worldwide love learning maths with Mathletics. Receive unlimited access FREE for 30 days! A better way to create empowered maths learners Students Mathletics provides the perfect level of support and challenge to make sure each student achieves their best. In less than an hour per week, children aged 5–16 quickly become motivated, confident and successful learners with improved test results. Goodbye maths anxiety! Teachers For teachers, automated marking and student progress reports are the essential formative assessment tools you need. Planning, homework and revision is simple – it only takes seconds to set activities, view progress and check results. In fact, the number-one reason over 200,000 teachers love Mathletics is because it saves time and is easy to use. Parents Parents, tutors and homeschoolers will also love the detailed insights Mathletics provides, which clearly show children’s strengths, as well as areas that need extra attention. See why over 3 million students worldwide love learning maths with Mathletics. Receive unlimited access FREE for 30 days! 0 + students Over 3 million students around the world use Mathletics 0 + teachers Over 200 000 teachers use Mathletics to support their mathematics teaching 0 + schools Over 14 000 schools house Mathletics for their students’ mathematics learning Mathletics is the perfect mathematics engagement program for schools and homes Let students take charge of their learning Mathletics is different because students are empowered to take charge of their own learning, setting up an environment where they can really thrive. Adventures like Multiverse and Rainforest Maths allow students to choose their own learning paths, challenging themselves and discovering new knowledge. Fun rewards keep young learners on track Children stay motivated to learn and move forward with a variety of rewards and creative adventures. Mathletics gives students the encouragement they need to challenge themselves and improve. Aligned to your local curriculum Mathletics is designed by expert educators and fully aligned to your curriculum. Parents and homeschoolers can feel confident knowing Mathletics reinforces children’s schoolwork and classroom learning, focusing on the skills and concepts they need for success. Fits seamlessly in class or at home Mathletics adapts to your teaching style with flexible lesson planning and reporting. Parents and homeschoolers can deliver lessons in their own time and way. Receive unlimited access to Mathletics, FREE for 30 days! Mathletics is the perfect mathematics engagement program for schools and homes Let students take charge of their learning Mathletics is different because students are empowered to take charge of their own learning, setting up an environment where they can really thrive. Adventures like Multiverse and Rainforest Maths allow students to choose their own learning paths, challenging themselves and discovering new knowledge. Fun rewards keep young learners on track Children stay motivated to learn and move forward with a variety of rewards and creative adventures. Mathletics gives students the encouragement they need to challenge themselves and improve. Aligned to your local curriculum Mathletics is designed by expert educators and fully aligned to your curriculum. Parents and homeschoolers can feel confident knowing Mathletics reinforces children’s schoolwork and classroom learning, focusing on the skills and concepts they need for success. Fits seamlessly in class or at home Mathletics adapts to your teaching style with flexible lesson planning and reporting. Parents and homeschoolers can deliver lessons in their own time and way. Receive unlimited access to Mathletics, FREE for 30 days! What do schools and parents think about Mathletics? The biggest classroom impact I have noticed is that students now enjoy maths. Students who are below year level now have plenty of opportunities to develop those core basic skills in maths, while my advanced students are able to excel and explore a variety of new topics. Mathletics Teacher Mathletics has been a great success. As educators we have found it to be an invaluable assessment and supplemental tool. It gives the students at home access for extra support and makes learning maths enjoyable. We would highly recommend Mathletics to anyone thinking of using it in their school. Mathletics Teacher I love the versatility. I’m able to use it to teach a lesson or a concept, then turn around and assign the students an activity relating to that concept, and then further reinforce it with an activity from the ebooks. Great for a classroom that approaches maths from a wide variety of angles. Mathletics Teacher My son has improved his attitude towards maths. He has told me that Mathletics has been a fun way to complete maths problems. He also loves the fact that he is able to work with others from around the world. Parent 3P Learning is a global leader in online education software Our suite of learning resources is designed for schools and families, covering mathematics, spelling and literacy. We’re a global team of passionate education and technology gurus, and we’re proud to have been improving the learning outcomes and sparking a love of learning in millions of students for more than a decade. Multi-Award Winning Online Math Program Start a free trial today and experience the Mathletics difference FREE TRIAL FOR SCHOOLS FREE TRIAL FOR HOME USERS About Mathletics For Schools For Home Users Features Curriculum Aligned Help & Support Technical Support Accessibility About 3P Learning About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Terms & Conditions Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement More from 3P Learning Reading Eggs Mathseeds Copyright . 3P Learning - Better ways to learn. Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn