Millennium Mathematics Project Skip to main content Millennium Mathematics Project Main navigation Home News Events Our team Support About our sponsors Support our work Keep in touch Keep in touch Contact Social links Twitter YouTube menu Search Plus quantum mechanics Celebrate a century of quantum mechanics with Plus NRICH Advent calendars Countdown to Christmas with NRICH's mathematical Advent calendars! Applying for Maths at university? Explore our free STEP Support Programme Applying for Maths at university? Explore our free STEP Support Programme Listen to our Plus podcast with Hannah Fry Listen to our Plus podcast with Hannah Fry! NRICH celebrates Maths Week England 2025 NRICH celebrates Maths Week England 2025 Contagious Maths Explore our new Contagious Maths resources - discover how mathematics can help tackle infectious disease The Millennium Mathematics Project (MMP) is a maths education and outreach initiative for ages 3 to 19 and the general public. What we do The MMP is the flagship outreach and engagement initiative within the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge, and is active nationally and internationally. Our focus is on increasing mathematical understanding, confidence and enjoyment, developing problem-solving skills, and promoting creative and imaginative approaches to maths. The project consists of a family of complementary programmes, including the very successful NRICH website, Plus online mathematics magazine, and face-to-face work with schools and the public. NRICH The NRICH website publishes thousands of free resources designed to challenge, inspire and engage ages 3 to 19. Teachers' resources support planning and help teachers promote rich mathematical thinking in the classroom. NRICH resources focus on problem-solving and take a low-threshold high-ceiling approach, building students' confidence, mathematical reasoning, thinking skills and ability to take the initiative. Plus Plus is a free online maths magazine aimed at the interested and intelligent general reader, including older students (16+). Lively, accessible and in-depth articles and podcasts explore all aspects of maths, ranging from what string theory predicts about hidden dimensions to mathematics in medicine. Meanwhile news items uncover the hidden maths behind media headlines and report news from the world of research. STEP Support Programme Our free online STEP Support Programme helps potential university applicants develop their advanced problem-solving skills and prepare for STEP Mathematics exams, which form part of conditional offers for Mathematics at a number of universities including Cambridge. The programme includes a course of online modules for individual study, and the resources are free and open to everyone. Supporting mathematical communities We also run m athematics events for schools, families and the public, and teacher professional development . NRICH's new Problem-solving Schools initiative helps schools to embed problem-solving at a departmental or school level, while Plus co-ordinates the Mathsci-comm network , sharing best practice in communicating mathematics and data science. The MMP’s various programmes have won many awards and our resources have been repeatedly commended by the UK Government’s Department for Education. In 2006 the Queen presented the project with the Queen’s Anniversary Prize for Higher and Further Education, honouring ‘outstanding achievement and excellence’ at world-class level. Our Latest News NRICH celebrates Maths Week England 2025 To launch NRICH's resources for Maths Week England 2025, Liz and Charlie from our NRICH team were joined online by over 4,000 students and their teachers from schools across the UK for an introductory problem-solving webinar. Read more Voices of Maths: celebrate the Cambridge Festival with our podcasts To celebrate the annual Cambridge Festival, we have selected some of our favourite podcasts featuring discussions with researchers from our home in the Faculty of Mathematics. Read more Plus Editors organise landmark conference on mathematics communication In November 2024 the Plus Editors, Dr Marianne Freiberger and Rachel Thomas, organised a groundbreaking conference exploring evidence for effective strategies in mathematics communication. We were also delighted that Hannah Fry chose the event to announce her imminent move to Cambridge as the University's first Professor for the Public Understanding of Mathematics. Read more Government Chief Scientific Adviser maths challenge for National Numeracy Day To celebrate National Numeracy Day in May 2024, we were delighted to support the UK Government Office for Science (GO-Science) and Government Chief Scientific Adviser with an Olympics-themed maths challenge. Read more Footer Support us Contact us Keep in touch Millennium Mathematics Project © 2023 University of Cambridge Privacy notice