Products
Solutions
Connectors
Resources
Pricing
About
Start a free trial
Book a demo
 Search Customer Knowledge Center  Log In

Matillion named a Challenger in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Data Integration Tools.

Read the report
Meet Maia: Your data engineering buddy

Maia agents partner with your data engineers to build pipelines, automate tedious tasks, and accelerate the delivery of trusted data. Free your team to innovate more and grind less.

Discover Maia
	
	
	
0:01
	

Built for

Powering the world's greatest data teams

The Ultimate ETL designed for everyone

Quickly and easily build and manage data pipelines with the ultimate integrated experience across low-code, Copilot, SQL, Python and dbt.

Maia
Low-code
Code
Maia

Not enough data engineers? Let Maia make you some. Use plain language prompts to deploy a team of virtual data engineers to handle everything from the repetitive to the complex tasks. Empower non-technical users, and amplify the impact of your existing human data team.

Learn more

With Matillion's robust AI capabilities we are excited about what we can build for customers and how fast we can help them innovate.

Dr Isaac Ben-Akiva

Head of Applied AI

Low-code

Accelerate pipeline creation with our intuitive visual Designer. Drag and drop components into a canvas to assemble even the most complex data pipelines in far less time.

Learn more

Previously, data would be provided each week or month depending on the kind of reporting that was needed. Now, we have the indispensable live data available to make better business decisions in the fast-paced logistics industry.

Sven Iliaens

Business Engineer

Watch demo
Code

Data engineers will love how quickly they can work, with the ability to write code in SQL, Python and dbt, then orchestrate those pipelines through Matillion. Coders and non-coders alike can collaborate more efficiently, and data teams can embrace best practice data ops with our native Git integration.

Learn more

Matillion gives high productivity and high performance allowing us to deliver data science products at a much greater speed.

Alex Read

Director of Data Platforms

Free O'Reilly book
Unlock Data Agility with
Composable Architecture
Download
Universal connectivity for structured and unstructured data

Ingest structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data from any source into a single platform. Then flow data to its destination in your cloud data platform.




Use our library of pre-built data connectors, build your own custom connector, or request a new connector. No matter the source, we’ve got you covered.

All connectors
One platform for intelligent data integration that can scale with you

Matillion’s unified platform is purpose-built for cloud data platforms. Generate native SQL to Snowflake, Databricks and AWS, while leveraging those platforms for improved performance and processing. 




With security and management built right in, Matillion is effortlessly implemented across your entire organization. At the core of the platform, our automation and intelligence are there to help you transform and use data more efficiently.

Enhance data productivity
across the entire data team

Matillion solves for data use cases across your team, helping to provide data that drives business results.

Data Leaders & Executives
Data Analysts
Data Engineers
Data Team
Scaling as you grow and
proving ROI

You need to know that whatever data integration tool you choose will scale with your business, be cost-effective, and show a return on investment.




Matillion’s cloud-native platform is built to handle increasing data volumes and speeds, enabling effortless scaling to support growing business needs without bottlenecks. With unlimited users, environments, and scale, you can pay for what you need.

With Matillion, we can ramp up resources quickly, and the teams can deliver production pipelines within a matter of weeks.

James Rawlinson

Cloud Architect | London Stock Exchange Group

Hear how we’ve helped other businesses just like yours

Matillion customers get more value from their data every day.

Read customer stories
Secure and trusted
by design
Learn more

Matillion is committed to the security of your data with pushdown architecture that means data never leaves your cloud platform. Our secure-by-design architecture allows Matillion to run as hosted SaaS, as a hybrid deployment, or even inside Snowflake itself. 




Security features include Single Sign-On (SSO), Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), and Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).

See why Matillion is turning heads
SPOTLIGHT
Matillion named a Challenger in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Data Integration Tools

Built for the AI era, Maia, our agentic AI platform, enables data teams to design, build, and manage analytics and AI pipelines faster, at any scale – so teams can focus on driving real business impact.

Get the report
FEATURED
TrustRadius Buyer’s Choice Award for 2025

Matillion is a winner of the inaugural Buyer’s Choice Award 2025, based entirely on vetted, unbiased customer reviews.

TrustRadius Top Rated Award 5 years in a row

Matillion was named a leader in data productivity by TrustRadius with a 2023 Top Rated Award for the fifth consecutive year.

93% of customers would recommend Matillion to peers

According to the 2023 Gartner Peer Insights ‘Voice of the Customer’: Data Integration Tools report.

Get started today

Matillion's comprehensive data pipeline platform offers more than point solutions.

Start a free trial
Book a demo
Product
Data Productivity Cloud
Agentic Data Engineers
AI
Matillion ETL
Connectors
Security
All Features
Pricing
Product Tour
Request a demo
Free Trial
Resources
All
Blog
Matillion One
Documentation
Product tour
Hub
Academy
Exchange
Events
Partners
Community
Roadmap
Glossary
AI Info
Solutions
Overview
By Cloud Data Platform
By Use Case
By Industry
Success Stories
About
Overview
Why Matillion
Leadership
Careers
Investors
Brand and Media kit
Contact
Support & Services
Support
Services & Training
Partner portal
Support Portal

© Copyright 2025 Matillion Ltd | Legal | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Modern Slavery Statement

Notice

We and selected third parties collect personal information and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy.

In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link "Do Not Sell My Personal Information".

To find out more about the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information will be used, please refer to our privacy policy.

Use the “Accept” button to consent.

Learn more and customize
Accept