Skip to content
Why Matomo?
Use Cases
Cloud
On-Premise
Pricing
Resources
 English
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Cloud-Hosted Matomo Analytics

Start tracking Complete Analytics in no time

Matomo Cloud is simple to set up, you can start tracking right away and we’ll take care of the hosting for you.

You get access to all Matomo features, automatic software updates, free customer support, and you have full control and ownership of your data.

Try 21-day free Cloud trial

No credit card required

Conversion Rate Optimisation

Increase your site’s conversions with Heatmaps, Session Recordings, Tag Manager, A/B Testing & more. 

Data ownership

You are the sole owner of the data tracked by your Matomo. Request a full raw data dump at any time. 

No data gaps, just the facts

While other solutions use data sampling to fill the gaps, Matomo gives you 100% of your data.

Privacy-first tracking

Matomo supports consent-exempt configurations or seamless integration with consent management platforms. 

Data compliance your way

Configure a privacy-first analytics setup for GDPR, CCPA, ePrivacy, or other data compliance regulations. 

Alternative to Google Analytics

With Matomo you’re doing the best you can to stay ethical while growing your business and website.
 


Get started with Matomo Cloud

By choosing Matomo, you’re standing up for user-privacy and a safer web.

Pricing
Try Cloud for free

No credit card required

Data security and privacy
To be GDPR compliant is one thing but to have a GDPR Manager ensures you are in full control when processing your user's personal data.
Our Privacy Policy complies with EU and local law regulations to ensure that you remain compliant and your users’ privacy is protected.
Our 24/7 infrastructure monitoring guarantees things run smoothly without any interruptions.
Your web analytics data will always be available thanks to our scalable, redundant infrastructure setup.
We implement high-security standards and industry best practices to make sure your data is protected.
We’ll replicate your analytics data into multiple database servers and make daily backups to safeguard your data

Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy    |    Matomo Cloud Data Processing Agreement (DPA)     |    Matomo Cloud Terms of Service

Migrate easily between On-Premise to Cloud

Matomo offers hassle-free migration to Cloud-hosted from On-Premise (and vice versa). We can help you with all challenges and walk you through every step of the way. Need time to think? Compare options to see what’s best for you.

Migrating saves you time and money immediately. Self-hosted requires maintenance (updating, keeping it fast and secure, monitoring), and can be costly to run (server cost, human cost to maintain, etc.). Whereas it’ll be cheaper to run on our cloud and you’ll get in-depth support, so you can reap the benefits sooner. 

Also, if you’ve tried it and feel it’s not for you, migrate back to On-Premise any time!

Matomo Cloud Terms of Service and DPA

Need help getting started?

Matomo’s free Cloud support service will help you get set up and is always available to solve your issues. We also have an extensive library of helpful user guides, FAQ’s and training videos to support you along the way.

Contact Support
Try 21-day free Cloud trial

No credit card required

Company
About Matomo
History
Contributors
Hiring
Contact Us
Partner Programme
Support
Help Centre
Developers
Contact support
Sales
Contact Sales
Plans & Pricing
Product
Tag Manager
WordPress Plugin
URL Campaign Builder
Integrations
Open Source
Download Matomo
Changelog
Issue Tracker
GitHub
Feedback Panel
Data Warehouse Connector
Industries
Banks 
Enterprise 
Financial Institutions 
Fintech
Legal
Cookie Notice
Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website Terms of use
Matomo Cloud Terms of Service
Matomo Cloud Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Matomo Marketplace Terms and Conditions
Support Plan Services Terms and Conditions
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Newsletter
Guides
Masterclasses
Matomo in the Press
Press Enquiries
GDPR Timeline
How to Check Website Traffic
Comparisons
vs Google Analytics
vs Amplitude
vs Adobe Analytics vs Google Analytics
vs Piwik PRO
vs Firebase
vs Plausible
vs Fathom
vs Hotjar
vs WP-Statistics
vs Mixpanel
Top Web Analytics Tools
Privacy
Data ownership
GDPR
Security
© 2025 matomo.org