Skip to content

Introducing Mattermost Enterprise Advanced: The Future of Multi-Domain Secure Operations – Learn More

Platform 

PLATFORM

Overview
Channels
Playbooks
Integrations
Mobile
AI
Security
Trust Center

INTEROPERABILITY

MS Teams
Atlassian
GitLab

FLEXIBLE DEPLOYMENT

On-Premise
Cloud
Solutions 

USE CASES

Integrated Security Operations
Out-of-Band Incident Response
Self-Sovereign Collaboration
Mission-Critical ChatOps
Real-Time DevSecOps Collaboration
Purpose-Built Collaboration Hub

INDUSTRIES

Critical Infrastructure
Defense
Technology
Global Public Sector
Financial Services
Energy and Utilities
Transportation and Logistics
Pricing
Partners 

PARTNERS

Become a Partner
Partner Program
Resources 

RESOURCES

Resource Library
Blog
Demos
Events
Customers

DOCUMENTATION

Academy
Channels Guide
Playbooks Guide
Admin
Docs
API Reference
Release Notes

COMMUNITY

Join Community
Contribute
Deploy
Integrate
Install
Login 

LOGIN

My Workspace
Admin Portal
Apps
Support
Try Mattermost 

Experience a 1-hour preview environment for:

Integrated Security Operations
Out-of-Band Incident Response
Self-Sovereign Collaboration
Mission-Critical ChatOps
Real-Time DevSecOps Collaboration
Purpose-Built Collaboration Hub
Contact Sales

THE

Intelligent Mission Environment

Maintain full control over communications, workflows, and infrastructure while accelerating decision-making.

Talk to an Expert
Learn More

PUT THE

Mission in Motion

Built for command and control over secure data and vital work in complex environments.

Contact Sales
Try Mattermost

REAL-TIME

DevSecOps Collaboration

Streamline DevSecOps workflows while meeting evolving security and compliance requirements.

Contact Sales
Learn More

THE WORLD

Relies on You

Mattermost provides secure collaboration critical infrastructure teams can rely on.

Contact Sales
Learn More

Deployed by the world’s leading organizations

In mission-critical environments, failure is not an option.

Mattermost ensures adaptable, focused, resilient collaboration– keeping your teams connected when the mission is on the line.

Built for real-world mission success
Adaptable

Integrate and extend your collaboration environment to fit the tools you need to achieve the mission, from custom apps to industry standards.  

Focused

With deep integrations with mission-critical tools, integrated playbooks and native audio calling, Mattermost cuts through the noise to keep your team focused on the workflows that matter most. 

Secure

When you secure your data, you secure your mission. Robust security and compliance features ensure your data stays controlled and secure at all times. 

Resilient

When incidents happen, effective recovery is critical to mission success. Support for self-hosted, private cloud and high-availability deployments give you control even in highly sensitive environments. 

Read more
CUSTOMER STORY
USAF improves mission information availability by 4x with Mattermost

“For us, using Mattermost offers a huge benefit in mission velocity and safety. We found that it also gave us a lot more time to fix cargo and fuel problems before the crew even shows up at the airplane.”

Purpose-built for critical infrastructure use cases:
Self Sovereign Collaboration
Meet evolving data control and user needs for real-time workflows

Challenge: Organizations need to adapt to evolving international data control laws, user needs, vendor roadmaps and EOL schedules.

Mattermost Benefit: 

Faster, better decisions and results
Maintain GDPR compliance under Schrems II
Ensure long-term commitment to self-hosting
Accelerate cross-organizational collaboration
Learn More »
Integrated Security Operations
Increase resilience with faster detection, response, and remediation workflows

Challenge: Security organizations are understaffed and overhwelmed by alerts, tasks, and a continually expanding threat landscape.

Mattermost Benefit:

Streamline and simplify incident collaboration
Accelerate efficiency
Faster detection, response and remediation
Learn More »
Command + Control
Accelerate decision advantage, resilience and real-time outcomes

Challenge: Expanding adversarial risk in cyber and kinetic warefare require faster, more efficient, better informed ways of coordinating operations.

Mattermost Benefit:

Accelerate decision advantage
Integrate internal presonnel, contractors and mission partners
Replace personal messaging app usage
Increase cross-group collaboration
Learn More »
Out of Band Incident Response
Prevent small incidents from becoming major issues

Challenge: Collaboration systems rely on the availability of general purpose infrastructure which may be compromised during major breach events.

Mattermost Benefit:

Separate communication for defenders and compromised assets
Enable compliant and secure crisis communication
Faster Mean-Time to Detect, Respond and Remediate
Learn More »
Real-Time DevSecOps Collaboration
Speed software cycles with integrated ChatOps in strict security environments

Challenge: Security and compliance requirements in critical infrastructure environments hamper the speed and efficiency of DevSecOps workflows.

Mattermost Benefit:

Ship software faster
Streamline security and compliance
Improve uptime and service levels
Meet custom platform requirements
Accelerate integration and operations in hybrid environments
Learn More »
Purpose Built Collaboration
Accelerate mission-critical workflows across people, tools, processes and AI platforms

Challenge: The pace of digital transformation is growing exponentially as are the demands for speed, resilience, security, and keeping pace with AI innovation.

Mattermost Benefit:

Elevate efficiency and resilience
Integrate operations across legacy systems, modern SaaS and advanced AI
Accelerate decision advantage
Learn More »
Designed for teams with stringent security & privacy requirements
Data Control & Governance
Built-in identity and access controls
Granular admin controls
Full control over your data
Compliance & Scalability
Advanced compliance auditing & reporting
Designed for enterprise scalability
Deployment Flexibility
Flexible on-prem and secure cloud deployment
Cloud-neutral and self-host deployment options
Deployable in air-gapped networks and BYOD environments
Custom packages available for mission-critical organizations

Talk to our experts today to learn about deployment options for organizations like yours.

Talk to an Expert

The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement.

Company
About Us
Newsroom
Partners
Events
Careers
Responsible Disclosure
Brand Guidelines
Platform
Platform Overview
Channels
Playbooks
Integrations
Security
Customers
Comparison Guide
Documentation
Deployment
Channels Guide
Playbooks Guide
Admin
API Reference
All Docs
Report an Issue
Download
Mobile & Desktop Apps
Mattermost Server
Support
General Support
Community Chat Server
Forums
Help Center
Legal
Contact Us
© Mattermost, Inc. 2025. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Manage Cookies
    
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Allow All