The #1 AI agent for product support Join us in Amsterdam! The Product Support Summit is coming March 5, 2026. Save your seat → Log in Mavenoid's AI: Hear how it's built to understand products → Log In → Platform Voice assist Dynamic help center Virtual assistant Insights Learn Customer stories Blog Events Webinars Help center Industries Consumer companies Industrial companies Medical devices Retailers Get a demo Platform Voice assist Dynamic help center Virtual assistant Insights Learn Customer stories Blog Events Webinars Industries Consumer companies Enterprise companies Retailers Medical devices Get a demo Get a demo The #1 AI agent for product support Mavenoid achieves the highest resolution rate in every head-to-head test, combining voice, text, images, and video to handle more complex issues than any other AI agent. Get a demo Trusted by the world’s leading product brands 47% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 40% less time spent on warranty claims 46% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 80% support request automation 80% support request automation 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 47% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 40% less time spent on warranty claims 46% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 80% support request automation 80% support request automation 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 47% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 40% less time spent on warranty claims 46% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 80% support request automation 80% support request automation 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 47% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 40% less time spent on warranty claims 46% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 80% support request automation 80% support request automation 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 47% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 40% less time spent on warranty claims 46% self-service resolution rate 46% self-service resolution rate 80% support request automation 80% support request automation 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings 16% less field-service bookings Voice + digital Optimized product CX across all touchpoints Managed on one unified platform, Mavenoid empowers brands to deliver consistent, AI-driven support experiences across every touchpoint- without the duplicate effort. Voice Assist Reimagine call center operations with AI-driven routing and context-aware self-service, unlocking faster, more efficient support while significantly reducing costs. Dynamic Help Center Transform help centers from long, static articles into dynamic, AI answers that appear directly in search engine results, delivering seamless, instant support, 24/7. Virtual Assistant Embed AI-powered support into your digital touchpoints from storefronts to portals, product pages and apps to deliver complete assistance at every step. Industry-leading resolution At Mavenoid we focus on resolution, not deflection — outperforming typical customer support by solving complex technical issues and troubleshooting challenges that other AI solutions simply can’t match. Read the Forrester report → Expert understanding Mavenoid’s in-house AI engine and proprietary NLU speaks the language of your products and customers — effortlessly decoding any question, symptom or issue to deliver precise, helpful answers from product discovery to post-purchase support. Targeted precision When product support hinges on precision, context-aware solutions make the difference. Dynamically route customers to model-specific answers while guiding them with step-by-step visual instructions for accurate resolution. Unlocked revenue opportunities Transform support into a growth engine by guiding customers to the right product or spare part when they need it. Whether through expert buying guides or instant recommendations, seamlessly connect to your eCommerce system to display real-time stock availability, price and add-to-cart actions. Empowered agents When automation meets its limit, Mavenoid ensures a seamless handover to live support, call centers and ticketing systems. Agents receive full conversation history and support from their own AI agent, allowing them to focus on the meaningful conversations. Enterprise scale, no consultants required Mavenoid’s powerful AI and no-code platform gives teams the flexibility and control to build, optimize, and scale enterprise-grade experiences — no long IT queues or surprise consultant fees. 1 Sync Effortlessly sync content from sources such as Zendesk, Salesforce, manuals, websites and more — keeping your assistant up to date, no rewriting required. Integrate Mavenoid connects effortlessly with the tools you already use such as your CCaaS platform, CRM, PIM, ERP and IoT systems- sharing data in real time to streamline support, enable smarter automation and ensure customers always get the right help at the right moment. Scale Scale translations, apply conditional logic to tailor experiences and deliver consistent support across languages, markets, and models. Easily manage shared content across similar products with reusable blocks, saving time as your catalog grows. Publish Deliver the same quality support experience across all Voice and Digital channels. With Mavenoid, there’s no need to duplicate effort across systems or teams. Build once, publish everywhere and keep everything in sync. Optimize Mavenoid’s analytics uncover every step of the support journey, from search right the way to resolution. Paired with our no-code builder, your team can act fast on insights — no devs required! Learn more about analytics→ Hear from our customers 13 languages 16 markets Girish Agarwal Director AI Lab, Husqvarna Group “ Mavenoid gives us the ability to scale automated support to all our markets without losing the local and personal touch Husqvarna is known for. Read case study → 92% user happiness Derek Carder COO, Frontpoint “ [Mavenoid’s] focus on customer satisfaction and customer resolution vs. just deflecting contacts, is completely aligned with our objective in delivering the best possible customer outcome. Read case study → $160k in savings John Brine VP Customer Experience and Operations, Irrigreen. “ Without Mavenoid, which has addressed half our case volume so far through self-service resolution, we could have easily had to double the staff of our technical support. Read case study → KEF completes its global omnichannel product support using Mavenoid’s platform Pura’s support team reduces tickets by achieving a 76%+ self-service resolution rate Stanley Black & Decker automatically resolves 41% of support requests with Mavenoid More customer stories → Hear it from our customers “What we like best about Mavenoid is reducing the incoming inquiries by a large percentage. The whole process from start to finish has been excellent and we have been supported in making the most optimal decisions to allow for us to best serve our customers.” Ross S., International Customer Excellence Manager, Mid-Market, 51–1000 employees ”It is so easy and intuitive to work with. No coding skills are needed. Mavenoid covers all our needs to support technicians in their work. They can run the troubleshooting models and on top of that, we can offer chat, video calls, and sharing material in the model itself and during the chat.” User in Mechanical or Industrial Engineering, Enterprise, 1000+ employees “Mavenoid has been a great company to work with. From the sales process to the implementation, the company is A1. They take the time to understand your business and needs. They do their research! So refreshing! We are super excited to continue expanding upon their technology.” User in Consumer Electronics, Enterprise, 1000+ employees ”The team has been great to work with. From taking the time to understand our needs during the initial intake calls to the seamless integration and the continued support following the go-live. They have been incredibly patient with us and offer creative solutions to our various requests.” User in Computer Software, Mid-Market, 51–1000 employees Mavenoid is a High Performer on G2 See more reviews → Secure & compliant by design Mavenoid is ISO 27001 certified, SOC 2 Type II audited and fully compliant with GDPR, HIPAA and WCAG standards. Designed for enterprise needs, our platform includes built-in security, data privacy and governance at every layer. You can confidently scale AI across teams, regions and highly regulated industries. HIPAA SOC 2 ISO 27001 GDPR Support that drives growth. Expertise that delivers results. Talk with our product CX experts and discover what Mavenoid can do for you. Schedule a custom demo Mavenoid is a trusted partner to world-class support teams. Product Voice Assist Dynamic Help Center Virtual Assistant Insights Schedule a demo Learn Customer stories Events Blog Webinars Mavenoid support Company About us Careers Press Partnerships Contact sales Follow us on LinkedIn Industries Consumer companies Industrial companies Medical devices Retailers © 2025 Mavenoid AB · Privacy policy · Cookie policy