Maya –  E-Wallet, Savings, Loans, Credit Cards Maya Maya Maya Bank Maya Business Maya Center Help & Support Search Download now Home Services Transfer Bills Payment Bank Transfer Send Money Send Money via @Username Grow Crypto Funds Savings Load Mobile Load Gaming Pins Sell Verified Seller Program Shop Pay with Maya online Pay with Maya card Pay with QR Credit Cards Overview Maya Black Landers Cashback Everywhere Explore all features User Guide Account Limits Activate Virtual Card All Guides Bank Transfer Bills Payment Cash In Claim Remittance Claim Remittance Freelancer OFW Create an Account Crypto Email Verification Funds Gaming Get Protected Insurance Link Physical Card Mobile Data Mobile Prepaid Load Pay using Maya Card Pay with Maya online Pay with QR Save Send Money Send Money via @Username Stocks Travel with Maya Upgrade Account Use Abroad Deals Partner Merchants Stories Careers Contact Us Download now Search Secure Payment Online Account Get banked. with the #1 Digital Bank App in monthly active users Get banked. with the #1 Digital Bank App in monthly active users Download now GET THAT LOAN. FAST. Learn more Approval in seconds, subject to credit evaluation. WELCOME TO MAYA BLACK INSTANT MILES. SERIOUSLY SECURE. EVERYONE’S INVITED. Learn more T&Cs apply. Approval and offer are subject to credit evaluation. T&Cs apply. Approval and offer are subject to credit evaluation. Learn more × Meet your new all-in-one digital bank app Transfer Instantly send money through QR code or phone number Shop Whether it be crypto or stocks, you can grow your money how you like it Personalized Shop and withdraw cash with a card that has your @username Easy to start Sign up with just 1 ID and no minimum balance and more! WHAT'S NEW Your Money. Your Way. Get your very own physical Maya card? Shop to your heart’s delight or withdraw cash with a cool black card with your @username on it Want a FREE Maya card? Click here to learn more. Free maya card It’s easy to get banked with Maya Maya gives the safety of a bank and convenience of a wallet. Get Banked Landers Cashback Everywhere Credit Card by Maya Enjoy having both a credit card and membership in one to get all the benefits of being a Landers member and all the perks of a credit card. Learn more Zero to ₱30,000 in seconds Get approval of up to 30k credit line with Maya Credit! Apply for Maya Credit Did you know you can send money using @usernames? Don't have a friend's bank account memorized? Too many details to enter? With Maya, all you need is your receiver's username and you're ready to send away. Create your @username now Crypto for all Get started with crypto through Maya. Buy, sell, send, and receive crypto anytime. Plus, you have access to over a dozen currencies and everything you need to learn about crypto, all in the app. Tell me more Show me more Perks all the way, baby! Earn cashbacks when you cash-in, transfer, refer a friend and buy gaming credits. Get the App Get Banked with Maya with these exclusive deals to make the switch painless Up to 1x FREE cash in via instapay Up to 1x FREE instapay transfer for 2 months Up to 15% interest p.a. with Maya Savings FREE Maya card Terms and conditions apply Earn ₱50 for every friend that you get banked with Maya. You can even earn up to ₱15,000 when you refer more than 30! Achieve 30 referrrals - Get ₱2,500 Achieve 50 - Get ₱3,000 Achieve 100 - Get ₱9,000 User Guide How to make the most out of Maya See how Maya gives you power over your finances with these step by step guides Upgrade Account Open a savings account, bump your wallet limit and more Upgrade your account Create an Account Get started with your new go-to money app and start sending, shopping, saving, and growing Create an Account Cash In Cash in via banks, self-service kiosks, debit and credit cards, and other channels Tell me more Claim Remittance Enjoy receiving money from our partners in the comfort of your home Tell me more Explore more User Guides Upgrade your account Access banking features, get a more personalized experience, and bump up your wallet limit 💰 Open a savings account with up to 10% p.a. starting March 7 ₿ Buy and sell crypto 💳 Shop online or in-store with a physical or virtual wallet card 💪 Max your monthly wallet limit from ₱50K to
₱100K Tell me more Deals Seal the deal with Maya Discover more deals & promos Boost your Maya Savings interest to 3% p.a. up to 2 months Check it out Get ₱10,000 Hotel Credits with Maya Check it out 10% Off Your First Landers Spend with Landers Cashback Everywhere Credit Card Check it out Your FREE Maya Card is here! Check it out Get a chance to be the first TWINYONARYO! Check it out Apply & get approved for Maya Black Credit Card to get +1% p.a. boost on Maya Savings Check it out Enjoy Low Forex Fees when you travel with Maya Check it out Get up to ₱2,000 cashback on your bill payment! Check it out New User Exclusive: Tala Users Check it out Get up to 3%* interest p.a. on your Maya Savings when you use your Maya Credit Cards Check it out Welcome Miles Promo Check it out ₱200 joining bonus exclusive to Landers members! Check it out 20% OFF on Flowers & Gifts! Check it out Save ₱700 OFF on Edamama! Check it out Save ₱420 OFF on Edamama! Check it out Get P99 cashback on your first Smart load purchase on Maya! Check it out Get up to P1,000 cashback on your first bill payment! Check it out Boost your interest up to 2% p.a. with Maya Savings when you use Maya Easy Credit Check it out Maya Lucky Draw Raffle Game Check it out Unli P30 cashback on load! Check it out Get banked with Maya to enjoy new user exclusive perks Check it out Discover more deals & promos PARTNER MERCHANTS Meet the Maya community Check out the brands that offer the Maya experience Explore all partner merchants Let's grow together Manage your finances, offer convenient services, build trust with customers and more with Maya's business solutions MAYA BUSINESS Grow your business and join the world in the new digital economy Explore solutions MAYA center Fast onboarding, no monthly fees, at real-time transaction history. Mas madaling kumita! Explore solutions verified seller Register for a badge and show your customers that you’re more than trustworthy-you’re Maya verified Get verified STORIES Where Maya is, a story follows Where Maya is, a story follows Maya 5 Smart Payday Habits That Your Future Self Will Thank You For Read on Maya Bank How to Never Miss a Credit Card Due Date Again, Even When Life Gets Busy Read on Maya Bank How to Avoid Post-Purchase Guilt and Make More Intentional Spending Choices Read on Maya Bank How to Approach Loyalty Programs Properly So You Don't Overspend Just to Get Rewards Read on Maya Bank The Ultimate Travel Checklist: Pack, Plan, and Pay Smarter Read on Maya Bank How to Apply for a Maya Black Credit Card and Why You Should Make it Your Primary Credit Card Read on See more stories It’s everything and a bank. What more could you need? For existing PayMaya users, update your app to Maya Maya Customer Hotline: (+632) 8845-7788 Domestic Toll-Free: 1-800-1084-57788 Maya is powered by the country's only end-to-end digital payments company Maya Philippines, Inc. and Maya Bank, Inc. for digital banking services. Maya Philippines, Inc. and Maya Bank, Inc. are regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. www.bsp.gov.ph Home User Guide Deals Store Partner Merchants Stories About Maya Help & Support App Service Status Careers Contact Us Scan to download the Maya app © Copyright Maya 2022 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions