Maynooth University 2025 Incoming Students Search About Us Study at Maynooth Campus Life Departments Library Maynooth Access Programme Gaeilge san Ollscoil A-Z Directory People Finder Contact Location Vacancies For Current Students For Staff For Alumni For Visitors Support Maynooth Protected Disclosures About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact For Staff For Alumni For Current Students Maynooth at 20 Search Research Research World-class research based on a distinctive, interdisciplinary approach to the natural sciences, social sciences, engineering and technology, and the arts and humanities. Learn More Research Beacons Research Community Research Institutes and Centres International Collaborations Research Impact Spotlight on Research Research News & Events Graduate Research Academy Research Development Office MaynoothWorks Researcher Directory Undergraduate Undergraduate Studies Thousands of first year students join us each September to begin a level 8 degree. Join us in 2026. Learn More Level 8 Degrees Open Days | Events Ask Us Guidance Counsellors Visit Maynooth University How to Apply | CAO A Maynooth Education Prospectus & Booklets Scholarships Certificates and Short Courses Postgraduate Postgraduate Studies Postgraduate studies at Maynooth University is renowned for its rigorous programmes, supportive campus environment and welcoming academic community. Learn more Taught Master's, Diplomas and Certificates Research Programmes Graduate Research Academy Micro-credentials Springboard Courses Fees, Funding & Scholarships How to Apply for a Postgraduate Programme International International The MU International Office is the first point of contact for international students applying for full-degree, Erasmus, Study Abroad, and Summer School programmes, and supports MU students who wish to study abroad. Learn More The Maynooth Student Experience Exchange Incoming (ERASMUS and Study Abroad) Study Abroad Incoming Summer and Tailored Programmes Prospective Full Degree Students Go Abroad with Maynooth Pre-Arrival & Orientation Arqus European University Alliance Search form Search Close Maynooth University sends season's greetings to all Read More MU celebrates two College soccer titles Read More Is the Atlantic ocean's "wobble" a warning for Ireland? Read More MU in study linking disappearance of 'hobbit' species to drought Read More Find a Course Research Research Spotlight View all Research A short history of extreme weather events at Christmas in Ireland From frosty 1338, when Dubliners played football on the Liffey, to the epic snow of 2010, fierce weather conditions often hit Ireland over Christmas, writes Dr Carla Mateus of the Department of Geography A short history of extreme weather events at Christmas in Ireland When holiday small talk hurts inclusion at work Asking “Are you going home for Christmas?” may unintentionally exclude people with complex ties to home, writes a team of researchers including Dr Tatiana Andreeva of the School of Business When holiday small talk hurts inclusion at work Is the Atlantic ocean's "wobble" a warning for Ireland? The Atlantic between Ireland and Canada, which gives us our mild climate, is behaving strangely and is the only location on the earth's surface that has cooled, according to leading climatologists including Dr Gerard McCarthy of ICARUS Is the Atlantic ocean's "wobble" a warning for Ireland? Could a box of 8mm amateur film reels change Irish film history? Despite her youth at the time of her filmmaking, Flora Kerrigan's work shows someone ahead of her time and at the forefront of a transformative period in Irish society, write MU's Dr Sarah Arnold and Kasandra O'Connell of the IFI Irish Film Archive Could a box of 8mm amateur film reels change Irish film history? Repository Publications What is Human Dignity? An Application of Edith Stein's Phenomenology Lebech, Mette  (2025) What is Human Dignity? An Application of Edith Stein's Phenomenology.   In:  Dignitas Personae et... What is Human Dignity? An Application of Edith Stein's Phenomenology The lifetime of a unilateral target zone: some extended results Broome, Simon J.  (2001) The lifetime of a unilateral target zone: some extended results.  Journal of International Money and... The lifetime of a unilateral target zone: some extended results Limited Reserves and the Optimal Width of an Exchange Rate Target Zone Broome, Simon J.  (2005) Limited Reserves and the Optimal Width of an Exchange Rate Target Zone.  Open Economies Review, 16 (3... Limited Reserves and the Optimal Width of an Exchange Rate Target Zone A minor glossary in a sixteenth-century Irish legal miscellany Kobel, Chantal  (2025) A minor glossary in a sixteenth-century Irish legal miscellany.  Studia Celtica Fennica, 21: 2.  pp. 37-... A minor glossary in a sixteenth-century Irish legal miscellany The tale concerning Mongán mac Fíachnai and Echaid Rígéicis: a reappraisal of text and language Kobel, Chantal  (2023) The tale concerning Mongán mac Fíachnai and Echaid Rígéicis: a reappraisal of text and language.   In:... The tale concerning Mongán mac Fíachnai and Echaid Rígéicis: a reappraisal of text and language 1 2 3 4 5 Latest News View all News Friday, 19 December 2025 Maynooth University sends season's greetings to all Wednesday, 10 December 2025 Patrick Holloway named MU’s Arts Council Writer-in-Residence for 2026 Monday, 08 December 2025 MU celebrates two College soccer titles Upcoming Events View all Events Wednesday, 14 January 2026 CAO Information Evening 2026 Thursday, 29 January 2026 to Friday, 30 January 2026 Irish Postgraduate and Early Career Economics (IPECE) Workshop 2026 Monday, 09 February 2026 Guest Lecture from Philip Lane, Chief Economist at the ECB Upcoming Events Maynooth University in top 90 global Times Higher Education Young University Rankings 2024 Read More Did you know? Alumni View all Alumni Brid O'Connor Bachelor of Science 1985 Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Radiation Oncologist Tim Keenan BA (International - Geography Single Honours) 2019 KPMG Sustainable Futures Sustainability & ESG Analyst Brendan O'Reilly BA (Geography) 2008 Jaguar Land Rover Senior Transport Planner Location The perfect location that's easily accessible By Car By Train By Bus By Plane Back to top Research Study at Maynooth Campus Life A short history of Russia's long standing paranoia about the West IVI Research Latest News Love Across Borders People PhD Students PhD and Research Programmes Privileged Access Management Science Week: How Covid lateral flow tests work Small Firm Digitization Survey (Ireland and UK) Taught Programmes Teaching_and_Covid-19 Upcoming Events Chronologicon Hibernicum MedRen 2018 Ollscoil Mhá Nuad Maigh Nuad Co. Chill Dara Éire Maynooth University Maynooth, Co. Kildare, Ireland. About Us Departments A-Z Index People Finder News & Events Location Contact For Staff For Alumni For Current Students Maynooth at 20 Library Vacancies Gaeilge san Ollscoil Sitemap Protected Disclosures University Policies Accessibility Cookie Declaration Website Privacy Policy For Current Students For Staff For Alumni For Visitors Support Maynooth Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Maynooth University & Maynooth University logo are registered trademarks of the National University of Ireland, Maynooth. Registered charity number 20037130 Back to top