Skip to Main Content
Skip to Main Menu
Submit
Log in
Register
Supports Open Access
Articles
Publish
Topics
Multimedia
CME
About
Contact
Subscribe
Direct Link
Advanced search
Current Issue
December 2025Volume 100Issue 12
Download full issue
Articles in Press
Past Issues
Submit Article 
External Link
View Aims & Scope
View Guide for Authors
Sign Up for Alerts
Journal Insights
6.7
Impact Factor 
8.1
5-Year Impact Factor 
14.1
CiteScore 
11
Days from submission to first decision 
Mayo Clinic Proceedings

We are thrilled to announce our upcoming 100th anniversary. In celebration, we have created a landing page where we will present a series of article collections and monthly editorials through April 2026. Be sure to bookmark this page and register for issue alerts to stay updated on news, events, and more.

Join the Celebration
 Opens in new window
  

Featured this Month
 Original Article
Social Isolation and Peripheral Endothelial Dysfunction

A potential mechanistic link is independently associated between socially isolated individuals and increased cardiovascular health risk factors, particularly among females.

Original Article

Effects of Social Isolation Among US Physicians 

Increased burnout, suicidal ideation, and lower professional fulfillment are associated with social isolation and more common among US physicians than workers in other fields. [Watch video]
 Opens in new window
  

Original Article

Social Determinants of Health and Cardiac Aging

By mapping biopsychosocial and biological predictors, this model was created to enable targeted preventive intervention in the community and physicians to engage in patient-centered care.

COMING IN JANUARY
Ethically Integrating Genomics in Primary Care

To address challenges and next steps, this is an invitation to share best practices and the clinical and population health benefits of offering basic genetic services in patient care.

News from the Editor
Interplay of Social Determinants of Health and Traditional Risk Factors in Predicting Cardiac Aging

12/18/25

See press release
 Opens in new window

Simulated Experiences in Accessing Standard Manual Wheelchairs Through Medicare-Listed Suppliers

11/12/25

See press release
 Opens in new window
  , video
 Opens in new window
  

Addressing Menopause Symptoms: Barriers and Opportunities for Improvement

11/1/25

See press release 
 Opens in new window
  , video
Opens in new window
 Opens in new window
  

Lifestyle Factors in the Association of Shift Work with Kidney Stone Events

10/1/25

See press release 
 Opens in new window
  

More News from the Editor
Articles in Press
Medical image
Majocchi Granuloma in a Patient With Psoriasis
Pazhava et al.
Published online: December 29, 2025
Original article
Adherence to a Planetary Health Diet and Risk of Chronic Kidney Disease: A Longitudinal Cohort Study From the UK Biobank
Gómez-Cao et al.
Published online: December 29, 2025
Medical image
Torpedo Maculopathy
Englisch et al.
Published online: December 29, 2025
Original article
Planetary Health Diet Index and Risk of Chronic Kidney Disease in Middle-Aged and Older Adults: Insights From Two Large Prospective Cohorts
Yang et al.
Published online: December 29, 2025
View All
Follow Us on YouTube
 Opens in new window
  
Follow Us on X/Twitter
 Opens in new window
  
Follow Us on Facebook
 Opens in new window
  
Customer Support

Find answers to questions about using this website
 Opens in new window
  

Visual and Interactive
Issue Summary from the Editor

Dr Karl Nath discusses the Editor's Choice and Highlighted articles in the December 2025 issue.

Download MP3

Transcript
Social Isolation and Networks as Determinants of Health and Disease: Limelight, December 2025
Karl A. Nath
Mayo Clinic ProceedingsVol. 100Issue 12p2045
Highlights from the Current Issue – Audiovisual Summary
Karl A. Nath
Mayo Clinic ProceedingsVol. 100Issue 12e1
Listen to highlights & interviews from the current issue

A new episode premieres each week, so check back often to hear the latest podcast!

Download MP3 for Week 4

Download MP3 for Week 3

Download MP3 for Week 2

Download MP3 for Week 1

Subscribe on iTunes
 Opens in new window
  | Insights Podcast Archive

Pioneers and Legends in Medicine

Dr. R. Scott Wright, a Professor of Medicine in Cardiology at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN, facilitates a conversation with Dr. Leonard L. Berry, a University Distinguished Professor of Marketing.
More

Pioneers and Legends in Medicine Library
MCP 60 Seconds

Watch the MCP 60 Seconds Video
 Opens in new window
   With Dr Richard Godby and Dr Surbhi Shah on the Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria

MCP 60 Seconds Library
 Opens in new window
  
Author Interview Library
Author Interviews
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS2025
December 1, 2025
Social Isolation and Burnout, Professional Fulfillment, and Suicidal Ideation Among US Physicians

Dr Colin West finds social isolation in US physicians is a prominent contributor to …

Related Article
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS2025
December 1, 2025
GLP1 and GIP Receptor Agonists: Effects on the Gastrointestinal Tract and Management Strategies for Primary Care Physicians

Dr Bibek Saha looks at management of gastrointestinal symptoms related to GLP1 …

Related Article
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS2025
December 1, 2025
Clinical Insights into Disaccharidase Deficiency: Prevalence, Intestinal Histology and Outcomes

Dr Rao finds a high prevalence of disaccharidase deficiencies among …

Related Article
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS2025
December 1, 2025
Cardiac Surgery at Mayo Clinic – A 70th Anniversary Celebration

Dr Juan Crestanello and Dr R. Scott Wright review the history and progress of cardiac …

Related Article
All December 2025 Videos
Medical Images
Minocycline-Induced Hyperpigmentation
Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis Mimicking Spinal Tuberculosis
Tumor-to-Tumor Metastasis
All Medical Images
Features

Art At Mayo

Plummer Building Artifacts and Photographs

More Art at Mayo Clinic

CME

GLP-1 and GIP Receptor Agonists: Effects on the Gastrointestinal Tract and Management Strategies for Primary Care

Take CME Exam
 Opens in new window
  

Path To Patient

Angiomatoid Fibrous Histiocytoma

Take the Quiz | Previous Quizzes

History Of Medicine

Icefish: Peculiar Creatures Without Hemoglobin or Red Blood Cells

More History of Medicine

Most Read (Last 30 Days)
Review
Clinical Interpretation of Urine Drug Tests: What Clinicians Need to Know About Urine Drug Screens
Moeller et al.
Published online: March 18, 2017
Concise Review for Clinicians
How to Interpret and Pursue an Abnormal Complete Blood Cell Count in Adults
Tefferi et al.
Published in issue: July, 2005
Original article
Heavy Testosterone Use Among Bodybuilders: An Uncommon Cohort of Illicit Substance Users
Westerman et al.
Published online: January 5, 2016
Concise Review for Primary-Care Physicians
Treatment of Alcohol Withdrawal in Hospitalized Patients
Robert H. Lohr
Published in issue: August, 1995
ReviewOpen Access
Circumcision Rates in the United States: Rising or Falling? What Effect Might the New Affirmative Pediatric Policy Statement Have?
Morris et al.
Published online: April 4, 2014
Editorial
Caution with CSF Protein Levels: When Abnormal May Actually Be Normal
Joseph E. Safdieh
Published in issue: February, 2023
About
About Mayo Clinic Proceedings

One of the premier peer-reviewed clinical journals in general and internal medicine, Mayo Clinic Proceedings is among the most widely read and highly cited scientific publications for physicians. While the Proceedings is sponsored by Mayo Clinic, it welcomes submissions from authors worldwide, publishing articles that focus on clinical medicine and support the professional and educational needs of its readers. Continuously published since 1926, the Mayo Clinic Proceedings' content includes Nobel-prize-winning research. More

Editorial Board and Staff

Dr Wisit Cheungpasitporn, Board Member – Artificial Intelligence, Nephrology, and Hypertension

Read board profiles

Awards for Authors

Jari A. Laukkanen, MD, PhD, FESC, Highly Cited Author: Mayo Clinic Proceedings

Profiles of highly cited authors

Global Leader in Healthcare

Mayo Clinic again earns top positions in U.S. News News & World Report's Best Hospitals" rankings for 2025-2026 – the 36th time since the rankings began. This sustained distinction includes a place on the Honor Roll and more specialties ranked in the top three than any other hospital in the nation. Read more
 Opens in new window
  

The Mayo Clinic Proceedings Family of Journals
Mayo Clinic Proceedings
December 2025Volume 100Issue 12

One of the premier peer-reviewed clinical journals in general and internal medicine, Mayo Clinic Proceedings
 Opens in new window
   is among the most widely read and highly cited scientific publications for physicians.

Mayo Clinic Proceedings: Innovations, Quality & Outcomes
December 2025Volume 9Issue 6

MCP:IQ&O is an online only, open access journal that publishes original research, reviews, commentaries, editorials, and other materials that focus on clinical innovations, quality improvement, and optimal outcomes, in medicine and surgery.

Mayo Clinic Proceedings: Digital Health
December 2025Volume 3Issue 4

Mayo Clinic Proceedings: Digital Health (MCP: Digital Health) is sponsored by Mayo Clinic
 Opens in new window
   and is a companion title to the widely read and cited Mayo Clinic Proceedings
 Opens in new window
  .

Most Cited (Previous 3 Years)
back
Home
Access for Developing Countries
About Mayo Clinic
ABOUT PROCEEDINGS
Aims and Scope
News from the Editor
Proceedings Metrics
Proceedings and Open Access
AUTHORS & REVIEWERS
About Open Access
Contact Editorial Office
Instructions for Authors
Permissions
Submit a Manuscript
Impact Factor
Author Center
Author User Rights
Information for Reviewers
Reviewer Login
READERS
About Open Access
About Proceedings
Abstracting/Indexing
Editorial Board
Reader Feedback
New Content Alerts
Activate Online Access
ADVERTISERS
Information for Advertisers
Advertising Policies
SUBSCRIBERS
Order Subscription
Customer Service
COMPANION TITLES
Mayo Clinic Proceedings: DH
Mayo Clinic Proceedings: IQO
ARTICLES & ISSUES
Articles in Press
Current Issue
List of Issues
Supplements
VISUAL AND INTERACTIVE
Author Interview Video Library
Podcast Archive
Issue Summary Archive
Pioneers and Legends
Medical Images
Path to Patient Quiz
FEATURES
The Compass
Concise Reviews for Clinicians
Editorials
Highly Cited Authors Archive
Honoring Our Past: Historic & Seminal Articles
Innovations in Medicine and Surgery
In the Limelight
Letters
My Treatment Approach
Residents' Clinics
TOPICS
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Clinical Practice Guidelines
Gerontology and Aging
Opioids
Physician Burnout
Women's Health
SECTIONS
Art at Mayo Clinic
Historical Vignette
Limelight
Mayo Sesquicentennial
Staff and Editorial Board Archive
History of Medicine
THEMATIC REVIEWS
Forward Thinking on Clinical Trials in Clinical Practice
Perioperative Medicine
Aging and Geriatric Medicine
More
CME
CME Articles
CME Instructions
Contact CME Office
SUBMIT MANUSCRIPT
MAYO CLINIC RESOURCES
FOLLOW US
YouTube
X/Twitter
Facebook

The content on this site is intended for healthcare professionals.



We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. To update your cookie settings, please visit the Cookie Settings for this site.

All content on this site: Copyright © 2025 Elsevier Inc., its licensors, and contributors.
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
For all open access content, the relevant licensing terms apply.


Privacy Policy   Terms and Conditions   Accessibility   Help & Contact



