Start Page | MB connect line Company Who we are Security Sales Partners Quality Jobs Partners Contact Solutions Secure Remote Access Industrial IoT Industrial Security Products Remote Service Portal Portal Comparison mbCONNECT24 mymbCONNECT24.virtual mymbCONNECT24.hosted Remote Access Routers mbNET mbNET.rokey mbNET.mini Industrial IoT Edge IIoT-License mbXLINK Industrial Security mbNETFIX Software and Tools Accessories Success Stories News and Events News Events and Tradeshows Workshops Support Helpdesk Security Advice Download Portal Server Status Declarations of Conformity Product Life Cycle Disposal Login RSP EU | mbCONNECT24 US | mbCONNECT24 ASIA | mbCONNECT24 AU | mbCONNECT24 RSP Online Help Select Page Security is our Promise Your expert for Secure Remote Access Industrial IoT Industrial Security ? Secure Remote Access Your machines connected worldwide Manage your worldwide installed machines directly from your desk. Read more Industrial IoT Get the IIoT job done Learn more about our solutions for developing your new digital services. Let your concept become reality with us. Always perfectly networked with our complete solution. Read more Industrial Security Security is our Promise We stand for the expansion of IT security in the production environment. With our products and solutions you will achieve a smooth and secure IT/OT integration. Read more THE EASIEST WAY TO CONNECT YOUR DEVICE Complex configuration is a thing of the past. With SIMPLY.connect we enable an intuitive integration into our Remote Service Portal. And all this in just three steps. Sounds good? What are you waiting for? Learn more You are currently viewing a placeholder content from YouTube . To access the actual content, click the button below. Please note that doing so will share data with third-party providers. More Information Unblock content Accept required service and unblock content  MB – Secure Solutions for the Internet of Things / 1:41 We help you to secure your factory At MB connect line, we believe that IT security should be an essential part of every OT product, system or workflow. The key to improve our industry security is to take advantage of the field expertise of OT suppliers and integrate IT security into our OT products and solutions. We believe that successful IT/OT integration means that IT security melts into OT workflows. Learn more about Security A team of experts IT security requires a change and a more cooperative approach in the way industrial products and solutions are created. Therefore, when developing our products, we make sure that we follow the principles of “Security by Design” and implement the recommendations of security authorities worldwide, such as the German BSI and the European ENISA. For this reason, MB connect line regularly introduces innovations and sets new standards for secure OT products such as Secure Elements in hardware, individual unique passwords and SIMPLY.connect. Through active participation in the German “TeleTrusT” organization and in various working groups of the “European Cyber Security Organization (ECSO)”, the management of MB connect line contributes to shaping the future of security in our industry. Who we are Latest news News Efficient Network Security with LAN Segmentation Efficient Network Security with LAN SegmentationWith the latest RSP firmware 2.17.0, our mbNET and mbNET.rokey devices have been enhanced with a powerful new feature: LAN segmentation. This upgrade enables machine network operators and service providers to structure... read more Next Event All About Automation Friedrichshafen, Germany | Booth B2-308 March 10. + 11., 2026 Details Success Stories Multibrau: Smart brewing technology for the digital future Multibrau: Smart brewing technology for the digital futureFrom recipe to perfectly balanced seasoningBranche: Food and beverage industry Komponenten: mbNET.rokey | mbCONNECT24 | WEB2GoMultibrau – Digitalization driven by a passion for craftsmanship Multibrau GmbH is... read more Check out all news Our References “With MB connect line, we have finally found a solution that delivers exactly what we need: maximum security, high flexibility, and excellent support. That gives us – and our customers – peace of mind.” Herbert Meier – Multibrau GmbH “For me, mbNET.rokey is THE solution for gaining the trust of our customers and ensuring that they always have control over what is happening on the system.” Matthias Rillinger – Glaston Switzerland AG “By monitoring the bicarbonate content, we can significantly increase the production reliability of biogas plants and make it transparent.” Tobias Finsterwalder – Finsterwalder Umwelttechnik GmbH & Co. KG “The flexibility and the reliability of the solution allows us to operate the installation as if we were onsite. We can check the system values, analyse the data and see what a local operator would see.” Sami Nyman – Sarlin Oy Ab “Remote operations and the digital provisions for them ensure our full ability to act now and in the future, regardless of location.” Markus Penninger – Kiefel GmbH “Porting my application on mbEDGE was a very good step for us. We run now on an industrial hardware, with all the connectivity requirements to interface the variety of meters we find in the field.” Philip Möller – Excellumax “Remarkable is that the products are open and easy to interface with, because MB connect line uses common technologies. This helped us a lot for the design of the solution and speed up its implementation.” Jorik Schaap – Schaap Engineering BV “The remote control modules enable us to offer a corresponding worldwide fault and maintenance service for our customers, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This is a real added value for the operators of our plants and systems.” Dr. Luigi Di Matteo – Di Matteo Group “The very serious way MB connect line addresses IT security is a relief for Contiweb. It is a reference for the industry, as it is not just about features and penetration tests, it really is part of the company culture.” Maarten Vossen – Contiweb B.V. “Without remote access we do not offer any system today.” Franz-Josef Vennewald – VewaTech “We appreciated the guidance from MB connect line in making this digitalization project a reality and we were surprised by how quickly and easily it has been done.” Mazen Youssef – Mechatrolink Members Association “With this solution we will be pioneering our industry with digital services and further extending our lead.” Dr. Michael Euler – WP Kemper “With the MB connect line system we can obtain a connection wherever internet is available. It is reliable and supports online security by modem as much as via various phone-based networks.” Wim Reuling – Triogen “As a longtime MB connect line customer we rely on trustworthy products.” Nico Münch – Kuhn GmbH Technische Anlagen “By using MB connect line we can offer our customers fast and efficient remote support and therefore achieve high customer satisfaction.” Lukas Pfänder – Pfänder GmbH “Like KE Elektronik GmbH’s slogan Strong Connections , the products of MB connect line stand for a strong connection.” Jan Ruck – KE Elektronik GmbH  Find your sales partner Find your personal contact person in your area. Find your sales partner  Start your remote services Are you looking for an all-in-one solution? Try our web-based remote access portal today. Start now u We are here to help you Questions? We can help you. For direct support, you can also call us. To our Helpdesk  Stay informed Subscribe here to get updates on IoT and remote access solutions, products and features and get the latest cybersecurity updates. Subscribe now You have questions? Write us! Allgemeine Anfrage EN Name and surname Job title Email Company Post code / City Country Callmeback Callmeback Please call me back. Phone Your message ... I accept the privacy policy. Send As an expert for secure remote access, IIoT and industrial security, we are committed to the highest standards in cyber security and the protection of industrial control systems. With certifications such as IEC 62443-4-1 , we are demonstrating a strong commitment to quality, security and trust in our development processes and products. Our DNA: 100% IT-Security for more than 25 years. MB connect line GmbH Winnettener Str. 6 91550 Dinkelsbühl Germany Contact Phone: +49 98 51 / 58 25 29 0 Fax: +49 98 51 / 58 25 29 99 *protected email* Follow us Follow Follow Follow Subscribe newsletter Support helpdesk.mbconnectline.com Phone: +49 98 51 / 58 25 29 900 *protected email* Quick Links Product Catalogue Security Whitepaper Success Story Brochure © 2025. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy General Terms and Conditions Imprint IT security for industrial remote access Everything about IT security for your remote access is available in our comprehensive whitepaper. Learn everything about our security standards because Security is our Promise. Order Whitepaper now × IT-Sicherheit bei der industriellen Fernwartung Alles rund um das Thema IT-Sicherheit für Ihre Fernwartung gibt es in unserem umfangreichen Whitepaper. Erfahren Sie alles über unsere Sicherheitsstandards, denn Security is our Promise. Whitepaper anfordern × Our office will be closed from Dec 22 to Jan 6. We wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year! ×