Home - McKesson  Canada - McKesson Navigation Skip to Content Navigation Menu Contact Us Careers Opportunities Newsroom Stories and Insights White Papers ⋮ Navigation Menu PharmaClik Login Navigation Menu PharmaClik Login About Us Our History Our Values Corporate Responsibility Our Leadership Team What We Do Our Business Our Brands Our Solutions Distribution Services Pharmaceutical Distribution Supply Chain and Distribution Services Third Party Logistics (3PL) Specialty Health Market Access Consulting Third Party Logistics (3PL) Patient Care Services Healthcare Provider Solutions Data and Insights Pharmacy Services Retail Banner Services Technology Solutions Central Fill Automation Solutions Hospital Automation Solutions Retail Pharmacy Automation FR Search FR Search Navigation Menu MENU About Us About Us Our History Our History Our Values Our Values Corporate Responsibility Corporate Responsibility Our Leadership Team Our Leadership Team What We Do What We Do Our Business Our Business Our Brands Our Brands Our Solutions Our Solutions Distribution Services Distribution Services Pharmaceutical Distribution Supply Chain and Distribution Services Third Party Logistics (3PL) Specialty Health Specialty Health Market Access Consulting Third Party Logistics (3PL) Patient Care Services Healthcare Provider Solutions Data and Insights Pharmacy Services Pharmacy Services Retail Banner Services Technology Solutions Central Fill Automation Solutions Automation Solutions Hospital Automation Solutions Retail Pharmacy Automation Contact Us Careers Careers Opportunities Opportunities Newsroom Newsroom Stories and Insights Stories and Insights White Papers White Papers Breadcrumb Home - McKesson  Canada Advancing Health Outcomes for All Touching Virtually Every Aspect of Health As a diversified healthcare leader, our solutions help patients access life-changing therapies, whether because we deliver a third of all medications in Canada, consult with patients at our pharmacies, or partner with members and stakeholders of the healthcare industry. We do all this and much more as we pursue our purpose to advance health outcomes for all. Learn More About Us Advancing Health Outcomes for All Touching Virtually Every Aspect of Health As a diversified healthcare leader, our solutions help patients access life-changing therapies, whether because we deliver a third of all medications in Canada, consult with patients at our pharmacies, or partner with members and stakeholders of the healthcare industry. We do all this and much more as we pursue our purpose to advance health outcomes for all. Learn More About Us Our Solutions At McKesson we bring together clinical knowledge , process expertise , technology and resources to help our customers and partners fundamentally change the cost and quality of healthcare. Distribution Distributing a third of all medications across the country Specialty Health Supporting treatment of chronic conditions and rare diseases Retail Pharmacy Solutions Delivering essential care through our retail businesses Automation Technology Solutions Providing technologies for sorting, filling and packing medications Contact Us Learn More About Us Our Solutions At McKesson we bring together clinical knowledge , process expertise , technology and resources to help our customers and partners fundamentally change the cost and quality of healthcare. Distribution Distributing a third of all medications across the country Specialty Health Supporting treatment of chronic conditions and rare diseases Retail Pharmacy Solutions Delivering essential care through our retail businesses Automation Technology Solutions Providing technologies for sorting, filling and packing medications Contact Us Learn More About Us mckca_homePressReleasenew SPOTLIGHT ON: Rare Disease Drugs In Canada: Considerations For Equitable Access Ensuring comprehensive, timely and equitable access to medication for rare diseases is a significant public policy priority for the Government of Canada. McKesson Canada is proud to contribute to the public policy conversation around this national strategy, building on its experience with patient support programs, pharmaceutical distribution, and specialty pharmacy services. Read Full White Paper SPOTLIGHT ON: Rare Disease Drugs In Canada: Considerations For Equitable Access Ensuring comprehensive, timely and equitable access to medication for rare diseases is a significant public policy priority for the Government of Canada. McKesson Canada is proud to contribute to the public policy conversation around this national strategy, building on its experience with patient support programs, pharmaceutical distribution, and specialty pharmacy services. Read Full White Paper Stories & Insights 01/10/25 Dimitris Polygenis Named New President of McKesson Canada Mississauga, ON (October 1, 2025) – McKesson Canada is pleased to officially announce the appointment of veteran executive Dimitris Polygenis as President of McKesson Canada. With over 20 years at McKesson Canada, Dimitris Polygenis has led transformational growth across the organization with executive leadership roles across Retail, Pharmaceutical and most recently as the head of Specialty Health. He was instrumental in the success of Phase 4 Health, later integrated into McKesson, championing a new model for delivering innovative, patient-centric specialized therapies that helped redefine Canadian healthcare. Under his leadership, Specialty Health has continued its legacy of developing revolutionary programs including initiating bold investments in technology and data analytics to accelerate access to care, improve adherence, and elevate outcomes. “It is a great honour to take on this responsibility, and I am eager to continue working with this talented, passionate team and our stakeholders across the Canadian healthcare system,” said Polygenis. “McKesson Canada has a strong history of leadership and innovation to meet the needs of our customers, providers, partners and the patients we serve, and my commitment is to continue to make a positive and lasting impact for all.” Polygenis holds a Doctor of Pharmacy from the University of Toronto. He has served on several boards in the healthcare industry including positions at the University of Toronto, University of British Columbia Pharmacy Programs and the Canadian Association for Pharmacy Distribution Management (CAPDM) as Chair. He is a current board member of the Neighbourhood Pharmacy Association of Canada (NPAC) and the Canadian Pharmacists Association (CPhA), where he chairs the National Pharmacy Business Council. Polygenis succeeds Joan Eliasek who takes on the position of President, North American Pharmaceutical Distribution under a new organizational structure at McKesson Corporation. “Dimitris is a demonstrated business leader with deep experience in every facet of our business and a comprehensive understanding of our industry at large,” said Eliasek. “Dimitris’ commitment to excellence and focus on delivering results for customers and patients position him well to lead McKesson Canada into the next chapter.” About McKesson Canada McKesson Canada is a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. Our teams partner with pharmaceutical companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments, and others to deliver insights, products and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable. Learn more about how McKesson Canada is impacting virtually every aspect of healthcare at www.McKesson.ca. Media contact: Kelly Wighton Senior Advisor, Public Relations, McKesson Canada media@mckesson.ca 01/10/25 Dimitris Polygenis Named New President of McKesson Canada 24/03/25 McKesson Canada Expands Patient Access to Cutting-Edge Radioligand Therapy in Ontario Mississauga, Ontario (March 24, 2025) – McKesson Canada is pleased to announce it has started treating patients with radioligand therapy (RLT) at its newest INVIVA infusion clinic in Toronto, the first time this groundbreaking treatment has been available to patients outside of a hospital setting in Ontario. "By offering radioligand therapy at INVIVA, we are expanding access to this transformative treatment for patients across the province, while also reinforcing our commitment to advancing patient care," says Dimitris Polygenis, President, Specialty Health, McKesson Canada. Radioligand therapy represents a breakthrough in nuclear medicine, offering a targeted approach that can significantly improve outcomes for patients with various forms of cancer. By delivering radiation directly to cancer cells, RLT minimizes impact on healthy tissue, resulting in a more precise and effective treatment. The organization has invested extensively in the infrastructure and certification needed to deliver nuclear medicine safely and effectively. Staff have undertaken comprehensive training, and the clinic has been licensed by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC), which requires adherence to rigorous quality assurance standards. “While only a few RLT drugs are currently available in Canada – primarily to treat certain forms of cancer, such as prostate and neuroendocrine tumours – we know this is a rapidly evolving area of medicine,” says Lee Steele, Vice President, INVIVA & Chief Nursing Officer, McKesson Canada. “We felt it was important to invest in building a clinic that was capable of delivering these cutting-edge treatments in order to improve health outcomes for patients in Ontario.” For more information about RLT at INVIVA’s newest clinic, visit inviva.ca/radioligand-therapy . About INVIVA Established in 2013, today INVIVA is Canada's largest private infusion network with 68 clinics that provide patients with specialized therapy in a caring and compassionate setting. INVIVA experts work directly with manufacturers to bring specialty therapies and nursing services to patients in need while improving access. They engage with health care providers to improve the patient experience and make it easier for everyone to manage complex diseases. Its team of highly trained seasoned nurses help manage various therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, rheumatology, geriatrics, pediatrics, and more. In 2023, INVIVA was awarded accreditations in Cancer Care, Ambulatory Care, Home Care Services, Leadership, Infection Prevention and Control, and Medication Management making it the first national private infusion network with accreditation. About McKesson Canada McKesson Canada is a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. Our teams partner with pharmaceutical companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments, and others to deliver insights, products and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable. Learn more about how McKesson Canada is impacting virtually every aspect of healthcare at www.McKesson.ca . Media contact: Sybil Millar Senior Advisor, Media Relations and External Communications, McKesson Canada media@mckesson.ca 31/12/24 McKesson Corporation Completes Divestiture of Canada-Based Rexall and Well.ca Businesses December 31, 2024 (IRVING, Texas) – McKesson Corporation (NYSE: MCK) reported today that on December 30, 2024 it has closed the transaction announced in September 2024 to sell its Canada-based Rexall and Well.ca businesses to Birch Hill Equity Partners, a Canadian private equity firm. T his transaction enables the Company to focus capital deployment and prioritize investments expanding its strategic oncology and biopharma growth platforms. Additional details related to the divestiture can be found on the company’s Investor Relations website . About McKesson Corporation McKesson Corporation is a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. Our teams partner with biopharma companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments and others to deliver insights, products and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable. Learn more about how McKesson is impacting virtually every aspect of healthcare at McKesson.com and read Our Stories . Cautionary Statements Except for historical information, statements in this press release regarding McKesson’s capital deployment, investment and growth platforms constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in those statements. It is not possible to identify all such risks and uncertainties. The reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are first made. Except to the extent required by law, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements. We encourage investors to read the important risk factors described in the company’s most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risk factors include, but are not limited to: we may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives; our use of third-party data is subject to limitations that could impede the growth of our data services business; we might be adversely impacted by changes in the economic environments in which we operate; and we might be adversely impacted by events outside of our control, such as widespread public health issues, natural disasters, political events and other catastrophic events. Contacts Investor Relations Rachel Rodriguez 469-260-2556 Rachel.Rodriguez@McKesson.com Media Media@mckesson.ca View All Stories & Insights Learn More About Who We Are We positively impact health in every setting Our Values I 2 CARE is who we are. ILEAD is what we do. Better health is why it matters, in every decision, every action, every day. Corporate Social Commitment McKesson Canada's commitment to good corporate citizenship is a fundamental part of delivering better health for all. Our History Explore Mckesson Canada’s innovations and impact on healthcare. Learn More About Who We Are We positively impact health in every setting Our Values Corporate Social Commitment Our History mckca_homeEvolveHealth Spotlight On: INVIVA: Canada's Leading Private Infusion Network with Accredited Cancer Care The team at INVIVA consists of over 300 highly trained nurses who work alongside patients, doctors, and McKesson SPS Pharmacy. Learn More Spotlight On: INVIVA: Canada's Leading Private Infusion Network with Accredited Cancer Care The team at INVIVA consists of over 300 highly trained nurses who work alongside patients, doctors, and McKesson SPS Pharmacy. Learn More mcka_homepage_hpsa2 As part of our commitment to responsible medication disposal, we are proud to support Medications Return Programs managed by Health Products Stewardship Association (HPSA). These programs provide a safe and convenient way for consumers to dispose of unused or expired household medications in an environmentally responsible manner. We encourage you to visit the HPSA website to learn more about properly storing and handling pharmaceuticals or finding a collection location near you. Learn more As part of our commitment to responsible medication disposal, we are proud to support Medications Return Programs managed by Health Products Stewardship Association (HPSA). These programs provide a safe and convenient way for consumers to dispose of unused or expired household medications in an environmentally responsible manner. We encourage you to visit the HPSA website to learn more about properly storing and handling pharmaceuticals or finding a collection location near you. Learn more Contact Us Contact us with any questions about our company, products, technology and services. CONNECT NOW CONNECT NOW Career Opportunities Transform tomorrow with Team McKesson LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Navigation Menu Contact Us Careers Opportunities Newsroom Stories and Insights White Papers Navigation Menu PharmaClik Login Privacy Notice SPS Pharmacy Privacy Notice Website Terms External Privacy Policy Accessibility Site Map © 2025, McKesson Canada. All Rights Reserved. Navigation Menu PharmaClik Login Navigation Menu Contact Us Careers Opportunities Newsroom Stories and Insights White Papers Privacy Notice SPS Pharmacy Privacy Notice Website Terms External Privacy Policy Accessibility Site Map © 2025, McKesson Canada. All Rights Reserved. You are about to be redirected to an external site. By continuing, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of use of the external site. Would you like to proceed? Cancel Continue