McSweeney’s Internet Tendency Search Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate M c Sweeney’s Internet Tendency Daily humor almost every day since 1998. Daily humor almost every day since 1998. ILLUSTORIA MAGAZINE Young reader in your life? Subscribe to Illustoria magazine today . Recognized by The New York Times as a best gift for kids! Our Latest Post Lists Unsung Heroes of Motherhood Our 3rd most-read piece of 2025. by Wendi Aarons and Johanna Gohmann Our 25 Most-Read Pieces of 2025 We’re counting down our most-read pieces of 2025. This list will be updated daily until we reach #1 on December 31. Thanks to all our contributors, readers, and supporters this year. Happy Holidays! by Various M c Sweeney's Contributors Did You Even Consider Every Possible Lived Experience Before Recklessly Posting Your Chili Recipe on Social Media? Our 8th most-read article of 2025. by Megan Neary A Company Reminder for Everyone to Talk Nicely About the Giant Plagiarism Machine Our 12th most-read article of 2025. by Amanda Bachman This Five-Hundred-Word Bumper Sticker on My Tesla Explains Why I’m Not a Bad Person Our 17th most-read piece of 2025. by Lia Woodward and Leah Folta Trending December 16, 2025 Red and Green Flags, According to Protagonists of Hallmark Christmas Movies by Madeline Goetz and Will Lampe May 18, 2011 I Regret to Inform You That My Wedding to Captain Von Trapp Has Been Canceled by Melinda Taub December 19, 2025 Is He the Grinch or Just a Gen-X Man at Christmas? by Leslie Ylinen December  8, 2025 The Mastermind Box Cover: What the Hell Were They Thinking? by Robert Rooney November 13, 2025 When It Happens by Tom Ellison Latest from Carlos Greaves December 26, 2025 New York Times ’ Style Guide Substitutions for “The President Violated the Constitution” More by Carlos Greaves Lest We Forget The Horrors December 17, 2025 November 2025:  Atrocities 530-580 by Emily Greenberg and Cliff Mayotte Interviews, Essays, and Excerpts December 21, 2025 The Story of Art + Water by Dave Eggers December 19, 2025 Excerpts from The Believer : Place:  The Nukus Museum of Art by Michael Snyder December 17, 2025 Reviews of New Food: Williams Sonoma’s The Grinch™ Hot Chocolate Bomb by Katy Maiolatesi December 12, 2025 Excerpts from The Believer : Vanessa Bell Is Not at Home by Heather Christle December  5, 2025 Excerpts from The Believer : An Interview with Debbie Harry and Chris Stein by Emma Ingrisani November 21, 2025 Excerpts from The Believer : Stuff I’ve Been Reading:  Fall 2025 by Nick Hornby November 14, 2025 Excerpts from The Believer : A Microinterview  with Kevin Young by Nick Hilden News & Announcements Former National Book Award Finalist (and former McSweeney’s intern) Karan Mahajan’s new book THE COMPLEX comes out March ’26. Dispatches Digital Ephemera: The Four Deportations of Jean Marseille. Behold the heroes on our Patreon Donor Wall of Fame SUBSCRIBE TO THE TENDENCY SUBSTACK Subscribe SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Subscribe Over in the Store “When a new McSweeney’s Quarterly is released, you’d better drop whatever it is you’re doing and check it out.” — PRINT Magazine A thirteen-time National Magazine Award finalist. Subscribe to The Believer today! “This is the kind of magazine you keep on your bookshelves with your favorite books.”—Cece Bell, author of El Deafo Longlisted for the National Book Award! Visit the Store Recent Posts December 24, 2025 I’m the High Note in “O Holy Night,” and I’m Ready to Hijack Your Christmas Eve Service by Andrea Cavedo December 24, 2025 Rudolph the Red Won’t Guide Santa’s Bourgeois Sleigh Tonight by Talia Argondezzi December 23, 2025 A Day in the Life of Mary Hatch in the Alternate Bedford Falls by Alyson D’Lando December 23, 2025 Santa Claus Responds to Christmas Wishes Made in Holiday Songs by Tom Smyth December 22, 2025 Three Kings White Elephant Gift Exchange by Stephen Ruddy Tendency Archive Lists Open Letters Monologues All Columns Please engage with our brand on social media. Facebook X/Twitter Instagram Substack Bluesky Threads Or you may contact our customer service representative. She is a friendly human person. Email Us 849 Valencia St. SF, CA 94110 Looking for submissions? Right this way… Friends & Fellows Voice of Witness The VAD Foundation 826 Tutoring Centers ScholarMatch Transition Magazine The Organist International Alliance of Youth Writing Centers McSweeney’s is an independent nonprofit publishing company based in San Francisco. As well as operating a daily humor website , we also publish Timothy McSweeney’s Quarterly Concern , Illustoria and an ever-growing selection of books under various imprints. You can buy all of these things from our online store . You can support us today by making a donation . McSweeney’s accepts no writing aided in any manner by AI. Before publishing any writing—from a letter to a book-length work—authors published at McSweeney’s will be asked to attest that AI played no part in the creation or writing of that work. We are committed to our environment . Each year, we purchase carbon offsets commensurate with our estimate of the impact of the printing, shipping, and travel necessary to publish our books and magazines. We are continually working to minimize our impact on the planet by examining every business decision through a lens of sustainability. To support this effort, or to learn more, please write to executive director Amanda Uhle . Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate About Us Events Email Newsletter Advertise Store Policy Contact Us Internships Submission Guidelines Copyright © 1998–2025, McSweeney’s Literary Arts Fund. All Rights Reserved. Search Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate ADVENT COUNTDOWN SALE WEEK NINE : HAPPY NEW YEAR One last sale for you! Bid farewell to 2025, and welcome 2026 with open arms, with 26% off sitewide ! Treat yourself, you deserve it. Thanks for making all that we do possible. Discount applied at checkout. ×