Home  | Medical College of Wisconsin Skip to Main Content Menu Search Patient Care Find A Doctor MyChart Login Request an Appointment Online Pay My Bill Care Locations Contact Us Education Medical School Prospective Students Campuses Graduate School Prospective Students Programs Pharmacy School Prospective Students Programs School & Programs Master of Science in Anesthesia (MSA) Program Office of Postdoctoral Education Residency and Fellowship Programs APP Fellowship Programs Administrative Fellowship Admissions Financial Aid and Tuition Academic and Student Services Continuing & Professional Development (CME) Commencement Research Research Centers and Institutes Office of Research Cores and Shared Resources Translational Research (CTSI) Clinical Trials Office Project Wonder Community Community Connection Community Engagement Institute for Health & Humanity ThriveOn Collaboration Advancing a Healthier Wisconsin Endowment About MCW Leadership Maps and Directions Careers Accreditation Alumni Association Contact Us Find A Doctor Departments & Centers Stories Giving Careers Medical College of Wisconsin Every great life–changing discovery begins the same way–with new knowledge. It can change everything, from a single life to the future of entire communities. That’s why academic medicine, and the continuous pursuit of knowledge, is at the center of everything we do. The Medical College of Wisconsin brings a synergy between the best medical education, research and patient care. Tomorrow’s discoveries happen right here alongside the very people who bring those lessons to our students. Every bit of knowledge, and every advancement, provides our students with an unprecedented, collaborative learning environment, and helps improve the vitality and care of our communities. Schools & Programs Care Locations Our Research Recent Stories View All Stories Previous Next The Medical College of Wisconsin’s Top Featured Stories of 2025 December 18, 2025 A look back at the discoveries, people, and moments that captured interest and advanced MCW’s mission this year. View Story Collaboration Helps Stroke Survivors Regain Use of Muscles December 9, 2025 Drs. Matt Durand and Allison Hyngstrom have shown that a simple intervention can help stroke survivors increase muscle strength. View Story Using Artificial Intelligence to Identify High-Risk Cases of Rare Pediatric Eye Cancer December 4, 2025 An MCW researcher used AI and machine learning to extract features from MRI data that show which cases of retinoblastoma were more likely to spread. View Story A Legacy That Opened the Door to Medical School December 2, 2025 A donor’s legacy gift changed Stephanie Larson’s path to medicine—and is helping keep future physicians in Wisconsin. View Story A Life in Service: Dr. Joshua Lieberman’s Journey from MCW to Military Medicine and Beyond November 24, 2025 MCW alumnus Dr. Josh Lieberman shares his remarkable journey through military medicine, research, and lifelong service. View Story To Protect the Heart from Chemotherapy, Researcher Looks to Genes November 20, 2025 The Chun Liu Lab examines why some heart cells survive the cardiotoxicity caused by chemo – and how that insight can help prevent heart disease. View Story Genetic Testing Provides Long-Sought Diagnosis of Ultra Rare Disease November 13, 2025 MCW’s Genetic Counseling Program helped Tammy Flynn get a diagnosis for her adult son, which she hopes will lead to more research into the genetic disorder SETD1B. View Story Running for Resilience: Medical Students Honor Veterans and First Responders November 10, 2025 MCW medical students Adam Plotkin and Geoffrey Rodriguez ran a 150-mile ultramarathon to honor veterans and first responders served by the BRAVE program. View Story From Green Beret to M1 November 10, 2025 MCW student Pete Geurts spent nearly a decade as a U.S. Army Special Forces medic before transitioning to medical school. View Story New Study Pinpoints Immunotherapy Targets for Head and Neck Cancer October 28, 2025 In the lab of MCW’s Dr. Joseph Zenga, researchers identified proteins in tumors that re-engineered immune cells could potentially find and destroy, ultimately improving quality of life for patients. View Story MCW Physician, Public Health, and Philanthropy Leader Advocates for Better Mental Health Care October 23, 2025 Dr. Jesse Ehrenfeld, former president of the American Medical Association, works to address mental health challenges in healthcare, the military, and the general public. View Story Medical College of Wisconsin Student Moves from Patient to Physician August 21, 2025 First-year medical student Raina Mari De La Cruz brings her experience with congenital heart disease to her approach to care. View Story Upcoming Events View All Jan 7 Ophthalmology Grand Rounds Jan 14 Balance & Beyond: Wellness in Pharmacy School Jan 20 Pharmacy Virtual Q&A Jan 21 Neuroscience Research Center Seminar Jan 27 Challenging Clinical Encounters Feb 4 Ophthalmology Grand Rounds twitter facebook instagram linkedin Patient Care Education Research Giving About MCW Alumni Events News Contact Us Staff Portal © 2025 Medical College of Wisconsin .  All rights reserved.  | Terms and Privacy | Web Accessibility Statement Non-Discrimination, Anti-Harassment, and Legal Compliance Statement The Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW) is committed to fostering a diverse community of outstanding faculty, staff, and students, as well as ensuring equal educational opportunity, employment, and access to services, programs, and activities, without regard to an individual's race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, predisposing genetic characteristic, military status, or other legally protected classification. MCW maintains full compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations in pursuit of our missions. Consistent with federal guidance, we affirm our commitment to individual merit, fairness, and equal treatment in all aspects of academic and institutional decision-making. MCW's policies, federal and state laws, and regulations prohibit unlawful discrimination and harassment. Employees, learners, students, applicants, or other members of the MCW community (including but not limited to vendors, visitors, and guests) may not be subjected to harassment that is prohibited by law or treated adversely or retaliated against based upon a protected characteristic.