Medidata | Unified Life Science Platform | Medidata Solutions Medidata Medidata Medidata Experiences Patient Experience Ease patient burden and streamline workflows across all trial stages. Data Experience Simplify data workflows with intelligent automation from study build to database lock. Study Experience Accelerate study design, planning, startup and execution for smarter, faster clinical trials. Medidata Platform AI Everywhere The data, tools and insight you need to reimagine clinical trials & propel innovation. Medidata Platform The leading unified platform dedicated to clinical research. Complex Trials Flexible technology to simplify complex study build and execution. Designer The central hub for study configuration on the Medidata Platform. Offerings Clinical Data Management & Analytics Data Experience Overview Simplify data workflows with intelligent automation from study build to database lock. Adjudicate A streamlined, single digital endpoint adjudication system. Clinical Data Studio Accelerate clinical data integration, standardization, review, and reconciliation. Coder+ The evolution in automated medical coding for Rave EDC. Companion Make data entry easier and faster for sites. Designer The central hub for study configuration on the Medidata Platform. End of Study Seamlessly generate, distribute, & manage clinical study files at the end of a study. Imaging Gain visibility and full control over your imaging data while simplifying processes. Link Combine patient-level clinical trial & real world data. Rave EDC Capture and manage your patient, site and lab in the most advanced, robust and secure electronic data capture system. Rave Lite A cost-effective offering of Rave EDC for Phase I and Phase IV trials. Remote Source Review A cloud-based remote site access and monitoring solution. RTSM Eliminate double data entry and change orders for randomization and trial supply management. Safety Gateway Automate collection, transmission and tracking of adverse event data. Targeted SDV Empowering a risk-based approach to source data verification by focusing on critical data. Patient Engagement Patient Experience Overview Ease patient burden and streamline workflows across all trial stages. Decentralized Clinical Trials Decentralizing solutions on a unified platform for patients, sites, and sponsors. Digital Therapeutics eCOA Full-service, flexible solution to easily and accurately capture patient data and patient reported outcomes. Consent A patient-friendly enrollment solution enabling patients to understand trial objectives & consent. myMedidata A patient portal helping to streamline clinical operations and maintain consistency. Patient Insights Active engagement with Medidata’s diverse patient advocates to infuse the patient voice into solution design. Patient Payments Provide patients with a worry-free payment experience. Registries Pre- and post-trial engagement to prepare patients for future clinical research participation and enrollment. Sensors A complete end to end solution for the normalization and analysis of sensor data and patient information, offering seamless integration to enable rapid decision-making and actionable insights. Clinical Trial Design & Management Study Experience Overview Accelerate study design, planning, startup and execution for smarter, faster clinical trials. CTMS Improve speed and efficiency for the oversight of studies with Medidata CTMS (Clinical Trial Management System). Diversity in Clinical Trials A multi-faceted approach to cultivate diversity across the clinical trial lifecycle. eTMF Manage electronic trial master file content while maintaining readiness & compliance. Clinical Trial Financial Management Grants Manager Quickly and accurately develop investigator grant budgets. Integrated Evidence Connecting historical insights & real-world data to increase trial success probability. Intelligent Trials Operational analytics built on the industry’s largest real-time performance dataset. Site Payments Unify your clinical research study data and financial management in one platform. Synthetic Control Arm (SCA) A smarter external control arm built with regulatory-grade, historical clinical trial data. Healthcare & Therapeutic Solutions Designed to tackle the complexities of oncology and vaccine clinical trials safely and cost-effectively. Health Record Connect Securely and compliantly exchange EHR and other healthcare data to power a whole new level of collaboration and patient care. Surgical Planning Collaborate in real-time for implantable device procedures. Therapeutic Area Solutions Designed to tackle the complexities of oncology and vaccine clinical trials safely and cost-effectively. Professional Services Professional Services Overview Comprehensive professional support for the entire clinical trial process. Study Configuration Services Simplify, future proof, and save time and costs for your clinical study build. Strategy and Transformation Consulting Partner with our experts to help deliver quantifiable value and promote operational efficiency. Customer Success Dedicated Teams Working Together to Maximize your Medidata Experience. Who We Work With By Organization Emerging and Mid-Sized Biopharma Gain speed, scale for complexity, mitigate risks, and improve trial outcomes. Large Biopharma Adapt, scale, realize your next breakthrough, and get therapies to market faster. MedTech Achieve clinical, regulatory, and commercial success during clinical trials. Academic and Not-For-Profit Organizations Address your unique challenges with dedicated offerings and support. Partners Why CROs Choose Medidata Leverage the industry’s most comprehensive and adaptable clinical trial technology platform. Find a Partner Improve your performance with Medidata’s diverse partner ecosystem. Learn about the Partner Program Add your business to the life science industry’s largest global ecosystem. Partner Portal Your gateway to exclusive, industry-leading tools and resources that position your business to achieve more. Customers & Sites Customer Success Stories See how our customers use the Medidata Platform to make clinical trials better. Site Partnerships Through collaboration and communication, sites are part of the Medidata mission of bringing smarter treatments and devices to patients sooner. Partnerships Click Therapeutics Advancing Digital Therapeutics with Medidata and Click Therapeutics. Circuit Clinical Circuit Clinical’s clinical trial network, trained and standardized on Medidata’s DCT solutions. Cogstate Optimizing CNS Assessment and Endpoint Data Quality with Medidata & Cogstate. Medidata Research Alliance Accelerating scientific research via a multi-industry collaborative framework. Company About Us Leadership Meet our team. Offices Get in touch or pay us a visit when you’re in town. Newsroom The latest news and updates from Medidata. Awards and Recognition Recognition for our products, programs, and people. Medidata History Learn more about the history of Medidata. Trust and Transparency Learn how Medidata earns your trust with the Unified Protection Strategy. Our Values Corporate and Social Responsibility Our employee-driven program to impact & help reshape our global impact. Careers Careers Be a part of revolutionizing life sciences to create a healthier world. Experienced Professionals Build your career with Medidata. Medidata Professional Development Chart your own path with endless professional development possibilities. Intern & Coop Program Obtain first hand experience to jumpstart your career. Events Upcoming Events Featured events where you can connect with Medidata. Medidata NEXT A can’t miss global event where we come together to solve the impossible. Resources Resource Center Gain exclusive clinical trial insights and learn how Medidata’s offerings are solving the latest industry challenges. Clinical Minds Blog Our collection of insights, clinical updates, and looks into life at Medidata. from Dreamers to Disruptors A Medidata Podcast Global Education Training Extensive courses & flexible training to help you get the most out of our unified platform. Certifications Earn portable recognition for role-based skills in the Medidata Platform. Contact Us Contact Sales Interested in learning more? We would love to hear from you. Contact Support Get in touch with our support team for assistance with all things Medidata. View all support numbers helpdesk@mdsol.com Contact our help desk directly for assistance with any of our Medidata products. Login Featured Resources Find a Partner Report The 2025 ISR Benchmarking Report , based on independent sponsor evaluations, named Rave EDC the #1 preferred EDC . Get the report Accelerate your clinical research with innovative technology and unmatched data insights. Here’s How The Medidata Experiences Patient Experience Empower patients and sites with a unified platform that eases trial burden and streamlines workflows. Learn More Data Experience Simplify data workflows and improve data quality with intelligent automation from study build to database lock. Learn More Study Experience Accelerate trial design, planning, startup and execution with advanced analytics and embedded AI. Learn More Our Suite of Products & Solutions Medidata is the leading provider of SaaS and data analytics solutions that support clinical research. Discover how our products and services help advance all stages of your clinical trial. All Solutions All Solutions Medidata Platform The industry’s only unified platform dedicated to clinical research—proven to transform trials. Manage Your Trial in One Place Data Management Next-generation solutions that eliminate complex, manual processes for higher quality data and faster insights. Transform Your Data Management Trial Management Accelerate study timelines from planning to close with connected workflows and centralized insights. Drive Faster Study Decisions Patient Engagement Powerful, patient-facing technologies that make clinical trials simple and engaging for patients. Discover Patient-centric Tech Professional Services Comprehensive support designed to drive exceptional customer engagement for a best-in-class experience. Harness 25 Years of Expertise Evidence Generation Unparalleled trial data combined with advanced analytics and deep human expertise—all on a single platform. Leverage Data from 36K+ Trials Healthcare Solutions Exchange EHR and other healthcare data to power a new level of collaboration and patient care. Bridge Healthcare & Research Decentralized Trials Decentralizing solutions on a unified platform for patients, sites, and sponsors. Access an End-to-end Platform A Few of Our Partners & Customers Over 10 Years’ of Partnership “Our partnership with Medidata has enabled us to offer top-notch service to sponsors. In the last decade, we’ve embraced the latest Rave EDC technology, including eCOA/ePRO via the Patient Cloud and Rave Coder. We’ve successfully configured intricate study designs, from early-phase oncology with numerous protocol changes to rare disease studies with diverse data collection methods.” – Melissa Hancock, Director, eClinical Technologies See How Professional Services Supports Our Needs “The team of Professional Services that I work with is very intelligent and collaborative…. We enjoy working with Medidata, it’s a great team. They’re always willing to come to the table and discuss our needs.” – Heidi McIntyre, Director of Centralized Data Monitoring, Moderna See How Innovation and Support for Very Complex Oncology Trials “…the Medidata products are very innovative and support our very complex oncology studies…” – Vijay Chundru,Senior Director, EDC Programming Team, Global Clinical Data Operations, Jazz Pharmaceuticals See How Next Previous Previous 1 /3 Next Built on Experience Medidata harnesses AI and our unparalleled trial dataset from over 25+ years of global collaboration to power smarter treatments and healthier people. 36,000+ Clinical Trials Thousands of studies in 140+ countries have been conducted on the Medidata platform. 11 million+ Patients Over 11 million patient participants across Medidata trials have impacted clinical research and touched countless lives. 2,300 Customers Medidata studies, patients, and data are involved in 26% of company-initiated trial starts globally. 72% FDA-approved novel drugs Medidata supported 72% of 2024 FDA novel drug approvals and 62% since 2015*. *Excludes vaccines and biologics See How Industry Insights Discover the latest life sciences breakthroughs with insights and expertise from our thought leaders. 4 min read Dec 19, 2025 AI Revolutionizes Clinical Trials: From Design Certainty to Peak Performance Data & AI Read Blog Article 4 min read Dec 16, 2025 Inspire, Ignite, Innovate: Shaping Clinical Trial Technology Together Patient Insights Read Blog Article 4 min read Dec 05, 2025 IQVIA’s Tracy Mayer on Building Truly Patient-centric Clinical Trials Patient Insights Read Blog Article View All Blog Articles Contact Us Ready to transform your clinical trials? Get in touch with us today to get started. Speak to an Expert Contact an Expert Medidata Policies Privacy Policies Trust and Transparency Customize your accessibility settings search English English 日本語 한국어 简体中文 © 2025 Medidata - All rights reserved twitter linkedin instagram youtube