Solutions
Products
Success CaseBlog
Company
Contact Us
Power your audio and video strategy
Create, distribute, and monetize your content all in one place.
Contact Us Now
News #Mediastream
News
Don’t miss our exclusive interview with Freddy Vega, founder of Platzi!
News
Mediastream at SET Expo 2025: Innovation and Connection at the Center of Technology
Platform
Mediastream: The Key Ally in the Success of Mercado Play
We are #Mediastream: your strategic partner in the OTT and Live Streaming ecosystem

We develop and refine a technology-driven, commitment-focused environment to provide you with the best personalized streaming service, ideal for media, OTT, and live events.

Platform OTT

Cloud platform for content management and distribution. Designed to adapt to your needs, allowing you to customize, automate processes, and easily scale your workflows.

Monetization

Maximize your revenue with advertising, subscription, and pay-per-view models. Our cutting-edge technology turns your content into profit.

24/7 Support

Our experts are available 24/7 to resolve issues fast.
We continuously monitor your streams to ensure your service is always scalable and stable.

18

YEARS OF EXPERIENCE


+300

CUSTOMERS


+10000

BROADCAST
EVENTS


Meet Mediastream
Platform

The platform for managing and distributing audio-video content all in one place.

Intuitive OVP and flexible interface, capable of resolving the entire value chain associated with Audio and Video content.

Meet Platform
OTT Next

We create your OTT so you can spread and monetize your content


The most complete platform to manage, distribute and monetize content through subscription, PPV or advertising.

Meet OTT
Audio and Podcast

The most complete audio and podcast solution on the market


Integrate your solution for online radio, podcast, online statistics, monetization and 24/7 support into a single platform, with a modern player to offer the best content consumption experience.

Meet Audio
Live Streaming

We broadcast your live events with television-type experiences


Offer your customers the best audiovisual content consumption experience.


Meet Live
Audience

We support you in the monetization of your available inventory, creating a new source of income


Increase your audio and video inventory with Dynamic Ad Insertion.

Fully integrated advertising ecosystem
We connect your audience with the most appropriate ads, making your impressions profitable in the best possible way.
Meet Audience
The ideal streaming service for every busines


We offer customized live streaming solutions to meet the specific needs of each sector, ensuring the best quality and performance.

Media and Entertainment

Ecommerce and Retail

Banking and Finance

Education

Sports

Business

Frequently Asked Questions about Mediastream

Can I use Mediastream for live event streaming?

Can I use Mediastream for radio streaming?

Can I use Mediastream for radio streaming?

Yes, our platform supports radio streaming, allowing you to broadcast your radio programs online and reach a global audience.

What is VOD and how does Mediastream implement it?

VOD (Video On Demand) allows users to access content at any time. Mediastream facilitates the creation, distribution, and monetization of VOD content.

Ready to take your streaming to the next level?
Subscribe to receive our newsletter with the latest news about streamig
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Solutions
Media and Broadcasters
Radio and Podcast
Enterprise
Online Education
Agencies and Advertisers
Ecommerce and Retail
VAST Inspector
Products
Platform
OTT
Mediafirst
Live Streaming
Audio and Podcast
Audience Advertiser
Audience Publisher
Virtual Reality Studio
CDN
Experience
Blog
About Mediastream
Success case
Customers
Join the team
Brand Guidelines
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Events
Links
Contact