Play Online Bingo Games at Mecca Bingo | UK Bingo Site Bingo Slots Slingo New Games Jackpots Clubs Promos Support Events Login Join Bingo Play Bingo Now Most Popular New Special 90 Ball 50 Ball 80 Ball 75 Ball All Rooms 90 Gold Bingo Play 50 Emoji Bingo: Fair chance Opening at 00:00 on Mon Pre-buy 90 Deal or No Deal 90 Ball Play 90 Turbo Gold: Speed Bingo Play 50 Burst Bingo: Fair chance Opening at 08:00 on Mon Pre-buy 90 Main Event: Big Cash Money Play 90 Two Little Ducks Play 90 Penny Lane: Bargain bingo Play 90 2’s Company Opening at 17:00 Pre-buy 75 Deal or No Deal 75 Ball Bingo Play New Games Mecca's Top Picks See all £200k Festive Fortune See Promotion Double Bubble Series Christmas Jackpot Hunt See All Sleigh & Spin Jolly Jackpots Only On Mecca Hot on Mecca Bingo Let's Slingo See All Jackpot King & Rapid Fire Jackpots Loose Women Classics Play Bingo Games Online at Mecca Bingo Welcome to Mecca Bingo, where we’ve been bringing the fun of UK bingo as the longest-standing bingo brand for over 60 years. From our bingo halls to our incredible online community, we are all about giving you the very best experience, wherever you play. Whether you’re buying bingo cards, listening out for calls, or snapping up offers, our job is to make sure that you get the gaming experience you deserve. So, what are you waiting for? Sign up and claim your welcome bonus on your first deposit ( T&Cs Apply ). Read More Play Our Trusted Online Bingo Games & Claim your Welcome Bonus At Mecca Bingo, we’re licensed by the UK Gambling Commission, so you can trust us whenever you play with us. All our games are provided by the most trusted and well-known game providers in the industry too. We like to reward our players at Mecca Bingo. If you’ve played in our clubs , you’ll know all about it. And we bring the same fun vibes online, too. So, when you first sign up for a Mecca Bingo account, we’ll throw in a sweet welcome bonus . We’re talking about some Free Spins on our slot games, a Bingo Bonus and a Club Voucher* when you become a Mecca member and create that all-important account. The fantastic promotions don’t stop there either. There are loads of great reasons to continue playing with us, as we offer a whole host of daily and weekly promotions. These include Free Spins, cashback deals, and seasonal promos. Just check out our bingo promotions to see what’s happening. Why Choose Mecca Bingo? At Mecca Bingo, we don’t just focus on bingo (although we do love it). Not only can you enjoy the best bingo games anywhere online, but we also offer online slots , Slingo , jackpots , scratchcards , casino games , and much more. Our bingo rooms are fun and packed with like-minded people. As soon as you sign up and become a member of our community, you’ll meet new friends and make some buddies for life. In fact, when you sign up to become a Mecca member, you’ll get a welcome bonus on your first deposit! Don’t want to spend a penny? You don’t need to, in fact, you can play unlimited free bingo* right here, any time you please. Online bingo has all the perks a bingo club has to offer. But the big difference is that you can play anywhere and anytime that suits you! Most importantly, we’re licensed by the UK Gambling Commission and are safe and secure. We also take responsible gambling seriously. Our Online Bingo Games are Simple and Fun Bingo is a super-easy game to pick up and play for new players, with loads of free games to enjoy and others that cost just pennies to play. For budget-conscious bingo lovers, there’s nothing better! Plus, it’s a great way to become part of a friendly and welcoming community of like-minded players just like you. But don’t take our word for it, come and get involved. Play your Favourite Bingo Games at Mecca It’s time to wave goodbye to basic online bingo games! While we’ve got plenty of classic options that you’d expect from us, we also proudly present plenty of games with a twist. When you play with us, you can choose between 50-ball , 75-ball , 80-ball , and 90-ball bingo – each relates to the number of balls counted in each game. The bingo grids are for dabbing off your numbers. They can vary in size with each game type, and the winning combinations and lines differ with each, too! Try a few and see which type is your favourite…or keep on mixing it up, we don’t mind! Our Most Popular Online Bingo Rooms We love bingo at Mecca Bingo, and we know our lovely players do too. Some of our most popular bingo rooms include: Gold Bingo Gold Bingo is our biggest money 90-ball bingo room, with at least £65,000 in prizes won every day. Tickets cost just 1p to 25p. Head to the Breakfast Club from 6am to 8am every day for two hours of these non-stop feature games: Last Chance Saloon, Roll On Bingo and XTG. Plus, there’s the Gold Mine Community Jackpot too – which is your chance to win some big cash prizes. Gold Bingo is a network linked room too, which means you’ll be playing alongside players from other bingo sites as well. And the more players there are in the room, the bigger the prizes can be! Penny Lane In our famous Penny Lane bingo room, you can play for (you guessed it) as little as 1p. Come inside and join our other players for some great games of 90-ball bingo. And with 90-ball, there are three ways to win: 1 line, 2 lines and full house. You can play some of the best online bingo on the market, with over £100,000 in prizes paid out each week on 1p tickets. Play for a penny 24 hours a day and seven days a week, to win prizes up to £500. Penny Lane also features our exclusive time-based Premiere Bingo Jackpots for an extra five chances to win! Main Event Head inside our exclusive big money room, where all our main events take place. There are big prizes to be won and loads of great features to enjoy. Tickets for these 90-ball games are usually 5p to 10p, with prizes up to £10,000 up for grabs. And as it’s 90-ball, each ticket is made up of 3 rows and 9 columns. Each row has 5 numbers in it, with a total of 15 numbers on every ticket. There are three prizes to be won in every game: 1 line, 2 lines and full house. Good luck! Emoji Bingo With Emoji Bingo, the balls are emojis! Simply choose your ticket prices in our 50-ball fast, fun and fair chance bingo room. Games play from just 25p and you can win prizes up to £250. Join us in our fun room and meet all the quirky characters. It’s open from 7am to 3am every day, and the games play just like 50-ball – except with fun emojis instead of balls. And with up to five jackpots to be won, you definitely don’t want to miss out. How to Play Bingo Online at Mecca Bingo To play with Mecca Bingo, register with us and follow these steps to get started: Log in to your account and deposit some money to play with. Head to our selection of bingo rooms. The different rooms will be displayed for you. Find a room that takes your fancy and enter. Choose how many tickets you want to play with, and wait for the game to start. Once the game has started, the numbers will get called and marked off your ticket. Is it Safe to Play Bingo Online with Mecca Bingo? Yes, of course it’s safe to play at Mecca Bingo – whether you’re playing bingo games, slots or Slingo. When you’re looking for online gaming sites, it’s important to check if the website is licensed by the UK Gambling Commission – that means it’s a UK-recognised site and is safe and secure. We’re licensed by the UK Gambling Commission, and you can see all the information on our site. We’re safe and secure – so you can trust us when you deposit money with us and provide us with your personal information. We use industry-standard encryption for secure payments, which means your bank details are always safe with us. We have plenty of responsible gambling tools and a safer gambling page too. Here you can learn about gambling safely and discover any potential warning signs to look out for. Play Any Place, Any Time with the Mecca Bingo Mobile App Download the Mecca Bingo app , and you can play real money bingo and all our slot games right in the palm of your hand. Settle in at home with your mobile device or tablet or play a few rounds on the go – it’s up to you! Plus, our mobile app is packed with user-friendly features that make playing on your smartphone a complete doddle. Whether you’re up for 1p bingo in Penny Lane or want some fast action in the Supersonic room, we have a game that’s perfect for you. You can also enjoy our award-winning Best Odds Bingo (BOB) on-the-go. BOB levels the playing field with just 10 tickets per player and a maximum of 25 people in each game. Our mobile bingo app is fully optimised for IOS and Android, so you can play on your device of choice wherever you are. And you even get access to all our promotions and exclusive offers every day, directly from the app. Plus, we have live HD streams and in-game chat rooms in the app as well. Talk about a fun gaming experience! Payment Methods at Mecca Bingo At Mecca Bingo, we offer a wide range of secure payment methods , so you can choose the best one that works for you. These include Visa, Mastercard, and Maestro, as well as e-wallets like PayPal and paysafecard. You can be safe in the knowledge that all transactions are 100% safe and secure. When you deposit money with us, it will appear immediately in your account once it’s been approved. We also offer fast withdrawals, meaning your winnings will theoretically be paid into your bank account in 15 minutes. Frequently Asked Questions What Types of Bingo Games are Available? At Mecca Bingo, we have a whole host of online bingo games available but most fall into the category of 75-ball, 80-ball and 90-ball. While they might sound similar in theory, there’s a fair bit of difference between these action-packed games. So, how are 75-ball, 80-ball and 90-ball different? The number in the title is an easy one – it relates to the number of balls counted in each game. The grids for dabbing off your numbers vary in size with each game type, and the winning combinations and lines differ with each too. A full house still means big prizes in each though! How do Online Bingo Jackpots Work? While there are different ways to win with bingo games – like getting the first or second line – jackpots are reserved for players who get a full house. With fixed jackpot games, the first person to get a full house claims the jackpot. With progressive jackpot games, you might win the progressive jackpot if you get a full house, but it’s not guaranteed. What are the Best Slots to Play? It depends on what you’re looking for. At Mecca Bingo, we have a whole host of slot games including classic slots, Megaways slots, Jackpot slots and more. Classic slots are often a good starting point to get to grips with slot play, while Jackpot slots offer up some big prizes. We also have a great selection of themed slots too, including Romance Slots, Halloween Slots and Christmas Slots. How Do I Claim the Welcome Bonus? All you need to do is sign up and create a Mecca Bingo account. Then simply make the required deposit into your account and make an initial spend on selected bingo games within 7 days of the initial deposit. You’re then free to claim your welcome bonus. How Does Online Bingo at Mecca Work? We’ve been bringing Britain brilliant bingo for over 60 years – so we know a thing or two about how to deliver the best experience! Online bingo works similarly to how you’d normally play in the club – but with the added benefit of being able to play from the comfort of your sofa with a hot cuppa. To get started, you’ll need to log in online or via our amazing app. Then, purchase tickets and jump into the action, or you can pre-purchase tickets for upcoming games or juicy promotions. You can then check the schedule to see games that are live or see if your favourites are coming up later. Then simply pick a room and jump into the lobby. Here you can chat with friends, play our mini games or buy tickets and play online bingo. You can dab your numbers manually or choose the easy auto-dabbing option for a more chilled pace. Why is Online Bingo at Mecca so Much Fun? Bingo is a super easy game to pick up and play for new players, with loads of free games to enjoy and others that cost just pennies to play. For budget-conscious players, there’s nothing better! Plus, it’s a great way to become part of a friendly and welcoming community of like-minded players just like you. But don’t take our word for it, come and get involved. Can I Play Bingo Online for Free at Mecca Bingo? Yes! We love a freebie here at Mecca, and our players can enjoy free bingo online as part of our regular schedule in Lucky For Some Bingo . That’s right, tickets won’t cost you a penny! We’ve got bingo to suit every budget at Mecca. Come and see for yourself. What is a Bingo Room? Bingo rooms are the online equivalent of a bingo hall. For each of the online games you can play at home with us, you’ll see whether the room is open and how many people it can fit. Once you click on your chosen game, you’ll head into the room before the action starts. In here you can chat to friends with our fantastic live chat function and even play some mini games before you get straight into the live action. What are Bingo Halls? A bingo hall is the physical place where you can play in the flesh. At Mecca Bingo, we have bingo halls up and down the country in our clubs. You can play with your friends in person and get some great deals on bingo, food and drinks. We think it’s a great night out. Find out more about our clubs and how to play in person at Mecca Bingo. What is No-Deposit Bonus When Playing Bingo? Simply put, a no-deposit bonus does exactly what it says on the tin! We’ll top you up with a bonus amount to play with, and all you need to do is claim and play - we take care of the rest. No-deposit bonuses can be used in a variety of ways, depending on the promotion. Visit the promotions page and check out our latest offerings of bonuses, rewards and more. What are Jackpot Bingo Games? Jackpot games feature a specific jackpot. This is the largest prize that can be won in any game in addition to line wins and a full house. The difference with a jackpot is that it’s not guaranteed to be won in each game, whereas a full house and line wins are. Jackpots can also take different forms, whether progressive jackpots that get bigger the more people are playing or fixed jackpots that remain the same. You’ll find a range of Jackpot games at Mecca Bingo. Just sign up and play bingo at home and you could be in with a chance of bagging yourself that jackpot. Is Online Bingo Safe to Play? Find out More about Responsible Gaming At Mecca Bingo we believe that gambling should always be fun and entertaining. But sometimes players need support. Safer gambling is our number one priority, and we’re continuing to invest in improving our safer gambling support by: Investing in our safer gambling tools and processes. Training our staff to spot the signs of problem gambling. Developing our research and data collection methods, to help us provide early-stage support to players most at risk of losing control of their gambling. Working closely with support agencies to maintain the highest level of knowledge and understanding of problem gambling, in order to provide the best help for those who need specific support. And, as a part of our Keep It Fun initiative, throughout this website you’ll find information on: How to ensure you keep your gambling fun and in control. The types of behaviours and signs you may need to be aware of, to help identify whether you are at risk of developing a gambling problem. Our own measures and tools to help limit the amount of money or time that you spend gambling with us. Methods to help you stop gambling altogether, if this is the best way to support you, such as self-exclusion. Important contact information for support agencies, such as GamCare and the National Problem Gambling Clinic who can offer specific counselling, help, advice or treatment. Advice on how to help as a family member or friend if you have concerns over someone’s gambling. Find your nearest Mecca Bingo Club Safer Gambling Visit Net Deposit Limits Take A Break Self Exclusion Reality Check Useful Links Terms and Conditions Grosvenor Casinos Mecca Bingo Work For Mecca Mecca Club Terms Sitemap Mecca Blog Affiliates How Chat Works Help & Advice Payment Methods Safer Gambling Privacy Policy House Privacy Policy Support Complaints Policy Cookie Policy You’re in safe hands At Mecca Bingo, we want you to enjoy every second that you play with us. Find tips on how to play safely, discover places to get support and get information on all the tools we have in place at: keepitfun.rank.com Your privacy and security is our number one priority here at Mecca Bingo. We protect your account with market-leading security technology so we’re one of the safest online casino sites to play on. We never sell or rent customer details. Licence This website is operated by Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Ltd, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registered number 120385 with its registered address at Suite 3, 2nd Floor, Icom House, 1/5 Irish Town, Gibraltar GX11 1AA. Licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 57924 for GB customers playing on our online sites. For customers outside of Great Britain, we licensed by the Government of Gibraltar and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commission under licence numbers RGL 133 and RGL 134. Licensed and regulated by The Gambling Commission under licence 2396 for customers playing in our land-based bingo clubs. Mecca Bingo is part of the Rank Group. MECCA® and the MECCA logos are registered trade marks of Rank Leisure Holdings Ltd. Only players above the age of 18 are permitted to play our games. Underage gambling is an offence. Please gamble responsibly and only spend what you can afford. For help and support with any gambling related issues, please contact GambleAware at https://www.gambleaware.org/ and 0808 8020 133. Payment Methods