MedCity News - Healthcare technology news, life science current events Twitter Facebook TikTok YouTube LinkedIn RSS Subscribe via email Newsletter Signup Send Tips Webinars eBooks Open navigation MedCity News Toggle Search Close navigation News Health Tech BioPharma Devices & Diagnostics Consumer / Employer Contributors MedCity Influencers Events Bullseye INVEST Digital Health Podcasts Research Newsletters Newsletter Signup Send Tips Webinars eBooks Twitter Facebook TikTok YouTube LinkedIn RSS Subscribe via email Search for: Search MedCity News Health Tech 4 Notable Health Tech Funding Announcements in December By Marissa Plescia MedCity Influencers AI Decides Who Gets Care: Algorithmic Bias in Post-Acute Care Decisions We can and must do better to make sure our smart new tools actually do see the individual – by making them as transparent, unbiased, and compassionate as the caregivers we would want for our own families. By Ahzam Afzal MedCity Influencers Trends in Health IT – What Should Organizations Prioritize in 2026? Data is fueling the AI revolution, but it must be aligned with solving business challenges. By Gerry McCarthy MedCity Influencers Shadow AI and the Governance Gap: Leading Healthcare Through the GenAI Revolution GenAI has real promise, but it’s also bringing real risks. It is not about whether we should use it but how we can use it responsibly and with positive outcomes. By Holly Urban Latest Video Latest News Providers, Hospitals Cost Control Takes Center Stage as Hospitals Prepare to Navigate 2026 Hospitals faced significant financial pressures in 2025, driven largely by rising labor costs, revenue cycle challenges and increasing supply expenses, according to new data from Kaufman Hall. Health systems are responding with staffing optimization, outsourcing non-core services and tighter cost controls. By Katie Adams Health Tech MedCity FemFwd: The Importance of Virtual Maternal-Fetal Medicine In this episode, we’re joined by Dr. Blake Porter, chief of maternal-fetal medicine with Access TeleCare. He discusses the need to expand access to virtual maternal-fetal medicine care. By Marissa Plescia Sponsored Post, Health IT The Power of One: Redefining Healthcare with an AI-Driven Unified Platform In a landscape where complexity has long been the norm, the power of one lies not just in unification, but in intelligence and automation. By 			David Cohen, Chief Product & Technology Officer, Greenway Health MedCity Influencers Tackling the ASC Trifecta: Volume, Cost and Efficiency in Modern Eye Care As surgical volumes and costs continue to escalate, more efficient coordination is the key to keeping patients and profits flowing smoothly through your ASC. By Casi Nestelroad presented by Sponsored Post Pennsylvania Cancer Hospitals: Top-Rated Facilities and Specialty Care Curious medical experts can compare the best employers at the top-rated hospitals for cancer treatment in Pennsylvania to provide excellent patient care in a supportive environment. By 			UPMC MedCity Influencers Turning Operational Efficiency Into Brand Equity Providers like to think they built their brand in the exam room, in the skill of surgeons or the bedside manner of nurses. And that’s definitely part of it. But your brand is also being built (or destroyed) in the billing office, on the prior-auth line, and the moment patients open their statements. By Bethany Hale MedCity News Daily Newsletter Sign up and get the latest news in your inbox. Enter your email address Subscribe Now We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy . Sponsored Post 5 High-Impact Tax Strategies Every Physician Should Use in 2026 to Reduce Their Tax Bill AI-native tax firm Gelt combines top human tax experts with AI to help physicians and healthcare practices use data-driven tax strategies to lower liabilities, improve profitability, and future-proof their finances. By 		Gelt Sponsored Post NEMT Partner Guide: Why Payers and Providers Should Choose MediDrive’s TMS Alan Murray on improving access for medical transportation. By 		MedCity News MedCity Influencers The Quiet Monopolies Driving Up Healthcare Costs Monopolistic practices often fly under the radar, but they take a steep toll in many areas of healthcare. Here are four types of hidden costs we need to consider. By Lars Thording Health Tech One VC Firm’s 6 Predictions for the Future of Healthcare in 2026 Digital health M&A, 340B challenges and federal funding cuts are top healthcare trends to watch in 2026, according to LRVHealth. By Marissa Plescia presented by Sponsored Post Could QuantalX’s Device Make Managing Brain Health Easier? CEO and neuroscientist Dr. Iftach Dolev on how the new device can bring a powerful tool to psychiatrists and neurologists alike. By 		MedCity News Hospitals, Startups Health Tech, Tampa General Adopts New Oncology Model to Ease Clinician Workload & Improve Patient Outcomes Tampa General Hospital is launching a virtual cancer care program with Reimagine Care. The partnership seeks to support cancer patients between visits and reduce avoidable emergency care, as well as reduce oncologists’ administrative burden. By Katie Adams presented by Sponsored Post Expert-Recommended Health Insurance Agencies and Brokers in California Anyone can locate an optimal plan by learning where to find top-rated health insurance agents in California from some of the best companies in the state. By 			Health for California Insurance Center MedCity Influencers Ensuring AI Investments Deliver on Their Promise in 2026: Why Outcomes, not Algorithms, Will Define Success The future of hospital operations will be defined not by who has the most AI, but by who can turn AI into consistent, reliable operational outcomes. By Michael Guidry Sponsored Post RCM Outsourcing: Balancing Human Expertise & Smart Technology Greenway Health blends smart technology with human expertise to elevate revenue cycle. By 			Marvin Luz, Senior Director, Revenue Consulting, Greenway Health MedCity Influencers Infusion Industry Boom Raises Red Flag from State Regulators A handful of states have issued guidance documents that illustrate how regulators are viewing the IV hydration and IV therapy businesses, which infusion providers should consider as part of their overall compliance monitoring efforts. By Jaya White and Kiel Zillmer MedCity Influencers Genetic Screening In Cancer Care: Optimizing Drug Safety And Efficacy Using Personalized Medicine New tools can predict deadly reactions to common cancer drugs, but adoption lags despite evidence. By Marco Schito and Husna Rahim Devices & Diagnostics, Health Tech, Providers The CGM Adoption Gap Is Worse Than You Think A new study found that continuous glucose monitors can cut healthcare costs by about 20% while also improving outcomes for insulin-dependent diabetes patients, largely by reducing hospitalizations and emergency department visits. Despite these benefits and broad insurance coverage, roughly 80% of eligible patients still are not using the technology — highlighting a significant adoption gap. By Katie Adams MedCity Influencers The Future of Pharmacy Access: The Impact of Putting Rx Information in Patients’ Hands A quick conversation about coverage, availability and pricing can help patients make informed decisions. By Julian Herbert MedCity Influencers From Perk to Infrastructure: How Employers Are Measuring the ROI of Concierge and Direct Primary Care Concierge and direct primary care models have proven their value as retention tools. Those who view these programs as measurable business assets, not ancillary benefits, will lead the next wave of workforce health innovation. By Dana Y. Lujan Advertise About Newsletter Our Sites © 2025 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . ×