Platform
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Contact
Login
Simplify your data stack.
Unlock endless possibilities.
A modern combination of data technologies for real-time marketing personalisation and cookieless audience monetisation at scale.
‍
Introducing the holistic CDP.
Find out how it works
Platform
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Contact
Login
Trusted as the data cornerstone of leading enterprises
Data complexity can be paralysing
Limited data accessibility means you're making decisions in the dark.
Privacy developments have created a compliance tightrope.
One-size-fits-all CDPs don't match your unique data challenges.
A patchwork of data technologies creates a integration nightmare and skyrocketing costs
Simplify your data operations with mediarithmics
All your data, wherever you need it.
Now.

Consolidate all your data sources (including known and anonymous audience data). Power your data activation with a deterministic ID resolution technology. And easily segment, analyse & activate across your marketing and media partners. All in real time.

Crafted with compliance at our core
We know exactly what it takes to securely and privately manage data. We are built in France, with the most stringent privacy protections in the world.
Your data stays yours. We won't ever use it for other clients
Use non-PII addressability methods, including contextual and Edge
ISO27001 accredited
Option to deploy as a Zero Copy CDP on your existing datalake
Differentiate your data strategy with our open architecture

Customise our CDP to create bespoke functionality and a unique data schema that works for your existing model.

Build your own AI capabilities on top of our technology to unlock potential growth from your data.

Improve governance and flexibility with a Zero Copy CDP
Get the added value of our market-leading CDP directly inside your existing datalake.
Improved data governance with no data duplication and a single source of truth.
Live process data at scale, enabling advanced capabilities such as identity resolution.
Keep your datalake costs under control when querying data.
Get in touch now
One Platform, Infinite Possibilities

We bring advanced capabilities of multiple data technologies into one holistic CDP - reducing the total cost of ownership and maximising data interoperability.

The result? Greater ROI from your data-driven activity.

MARKETING
PERSONALISATION
AUDIENCE
MONETISATION
DATA
COLLABORATION
ATTRIBUTION
EMERCHANDISING
Marketing Personalisation
Engage consumers with relevant personalisation at every touch to smash sales and retention targets
Explore Personalisation
What leading brands say about us
With mediarithmics, we're now able to do everything we could do before, but better.
Alban Clochet
Head of advertising operations
Their tailor-made support enable us to achieve tangible and profitable results.
Philipp Schmidt
Executive Director Prisma Media Solutions
They allow us to be more agile with our different audience types.
Alex Wright
Digital Programmatic Lead
Learn more
Make your data powerful,
not overpowering
Get in touch now
3 rue d'Edimbourg, 75008 Paris
contact@mediarithmics.com
Verticals
Retail
Broadcast
Media
Telecom
Travel
Finance
Utility pages
Pricing
Contact
Legal infos
Data Policy
Consent choices
We're proud of
© All rights reserved. Made with 💪 by genia.media
Platform
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Contact
Login