Brands
Careers
Get in Touch
Get in Touch
Reach audiences at scale, on the platforms that build community and influence culture
Advertise with MediaLab
Advertise with MediaLab
Join Our Team
The premier destination for music knowledge, lyrics, and the stories behind songs
Advertise with Genius
Join Our Team
The world’s largest community-powered entertainment platform
Advertise with imgur
Advertise with imgur
Join Our Team
The megaphone for hip hop music, culture, and entertainment
Advertise with WorldStarHipHop
Join Our Team
The best place to connect with friends, no matter where you meet them
Advertise with kik
Advertise with kik
Join Our Team
The authority in mixtapes
Advertise with datPiff
Advertise with datPiff
Join Our Team
Where like-minded people explore and obsess over the things they’re into 
Advertise with Amino
Advertise with Amino
Join Our Team
Where people share real thoughts and feelings, without identities
Advertise with whisper
Advertise with whisper
Join Our Team
0M+
Monthly social reach
0M+
Monthly user reach
0B+
Monthly chat messages
0+
Avg. user minutes per day
Reach engaged communities you can’t find anywhere else

It’s hard to find targeted audiences on generalist platforms. We exclusively grow media brands that are specialized and deep-rooted so you can reach exactly who you’re trying to connect with.

Meet our Brands
Meet our Brands
No items found.
Advertise with MediaLab

Are your ads reaching the right audiences? Our platforms engage 1 in 3 US internet users every month, but we know you need more than scale to drive sales. We help you target users you won’t find otherwise and create the kind of content that speaks directly to them.

Contact Us About Advertising

Premium Media

Reach 180M global users through video, native placements, high-impact media, display and programmatic advertising.


Creator & Community-Led

Partner with the creators and community members at the heart of our platforms to own the moment, authentically.


Branded Content

Promoted posts, premium originals, and IRL & digital experiences that feel native to our brands but custom to yours.


Social-First & Editorial-Driven

Boost your brand with social-first and editorial-driven opportunities reaching our 90M followers where they are.


Insights & Data

Rich first-party data across our portfolio helps you capture current trends and stay ahead of what’s happening next.

Programmatic media advertising at scale

Assembly Exchange is MediaLab's owned and operated ad exchange. We deliver massive reach to highly engaged audiences.



100% Direct to Owned & Operated Publishers



Over 50 billion monthly real-time bids



Works with the world’s largest SSPs and DSPs



Supports IAB's Open Measurement



Protected from IVT using Pixalate



Supported formats: display, native, video

Case Studies
Multi-Year Partnership
Brand Objective

Heinz wanted to find authentic opportunities during key tentpole moments throughout the year to reach a Millennial parenting audience and generate buzz and engagement.

‍

imgur Solution

Through a multi-year partnership consisting of custom content and imgur community events, we helped Heinz become a part of everyday and holiday moments. Heinz received 100% SOV of all media surrounding the organic Halloween Costume Contest submissions. Through this partnership + their greater marketing efforts, Heinz won a Shorty Award & Festival of Media award.

+10K%
Average upvote ratio

Brand awareness
01
Kraft-Heinz
02
Alienware
03
Starz
Make your impact on the best brands in media

Work with exciting technology, motivated teams, and coveted brands in music and social. Bring your talents to the MediaLab team and see the impact of your work, day in and day out.

Learn About Life at MediaLab
Explore Open Positions
Explore Open Positions
Find your people and shape the conversation

Our platforms inspire culture and community on the internet. Make your mark with MediaLab.

Advertise with MediaLab
Advertise with MediaLab
Join Our Team
MediaLab is a holding company of leading consumer internet brands. #1 in lyrics, US entertainment, and social apps.
Brands
imgur
WorldStarHipHop
Datpiff
kik
Amino
whisper
About
Careers
Contact
Follow us
Copyright © 2025 MediaLab AI Inc. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Don’t Sell My Information
Trust & Safety