Meetscale About us Blog Contact Surpass your programmatic monetization level The most advanced SSP for Publishers and Ad Networks Discover Meetscale 3 reasons to connect Meetscale 30 min Needed for implementation +15% of revenue generated Top 5 SSP by revenue in our client's stacks - every time The Hidden Forces Fueling Your Revenue Artificial intelligence Infrastructure Demand Unlock smarter monetization and measurable results with our proprietary algorithms, including Sonar, analyzing billions of data signals daily. Dynamic Yield Optimization Harness AI driven floor price predictions that adapt in real time to market conditions and user context to capture the true value of your inventory. Attention Mapping Sonar’s deep learning capabilities measure user attention metrics such as viewability and time-in-view, while its predictive analytics forecast campaign outcomes to maximize both fill rates and eCPMs. Viewability Bid enrichment Leverage Sparteo's 1st-Party Data to Enrich Bid Requests by integrating billions of data combinations. Experience unparalleled performance, cost efficiency, and sustainability with Sparteo’s proprietary infrastructure. Winning with Superior Bids By investing in our own infrastructure, we've reduced costs by up to 5x compared to cloud-reliant SSPs. This allows us to place higher bids while maintaining profitability. The result? Less cost for us, more value for you. Infra costs divided by 5 Performance at Scale Built to absorb, organize, and leverage billions of data signals daily, our infrastructure ensure lightning-fast ad delivery, reduced latency, and consistent performance across web, mobile, and CTV. Value for Publishers Every optimization, cost-saving, and infrastructure investment translates into more competitive bidding, higher fill rates, and ultimately, greater revenues for publishers. Access cutting-edge adtech formats across video, display, and audio, seamlessly integrated into Meetscale. Access to Exclusive Demand Channels Our trusted partnerships ensure that publishers consistently access premium advertising deals, leveraging established relationships to maximize ROI and optimize ad spend efficiency across proven and effective channels. Generate High RPM Levels By leveraging our first-party data, we enhance average purchase prices for our partners. This ensures consistently high performance and delivers superior value, resulting in a RPM increase. Leverage multi formats Simplify programmatic workflows, scale revenue effortlessly, and unlock the full potential of your inventory across all formats with Meetscale. Get instantly access to 100+ DSPs, SSPs & Direct Demand Used by major publishers and Ad Networks Worldwide They talk about us “We’ve tested many SSPs, but Sparteo stood out by delivering incremental revenue within just a few days—with minimal effort. Despite having a robust partner stack, Sparteo consistently generates impressive results, leading us to integrate them across our entire network. Highly recommended!” The Moneytizer “We quickly saw the uplift in revenues brought by Meetscale. It now consistently delivers strong performance across our different sites and geographies.” LADbible #1 spot among Web SSPs in France Pixalate 30 mins to go live with Meetscale Yes, it’s that fast! Integrate Meetscale effortlessly and start maximizing your programmatic revenue in just 30 minutes. Prebid Bidder Seamless connection in your programmatic ecosystem VAST Monetize your video inventory with ease JavaScript Adapts to any technical environment. Ready to scale? Let's go! Sparteo partners Learn more about us About Blog Contact Meetscale is a company of © Copyright 2025 - Meetscale Privacy policy Legal notices