Meet Elise, The  AI Assistant  for Your Property Products Learn about EliseAI, how AI operates, and see the practical use cases for your business. Watch The Demo Learn about EliseAI, how AI operates,and see the practical use cases for your business. Watch The Demo FOR LEASING AI Email Handle inbound messages & form fills AI SMS Always text back, in matter of minutes Elise VoiceAI Picks up calls on the first ring EliseChat Advanced website chat & widgets Smart Tour Scheduling Automate the tour scheduling process Centralized Leasing Centralization powered by automation FOR RESIDENTS Collections and Payments Automate collections conversations FOR TEAMS EliseCRM Leverage an advanced CRM Integrations Sync up all systems Why EliseAI AI SOLUTIONS What's Included Advanced AI Platform SUCCESS STORIES Multifamily Student Housing Centralization Lease Ups Collections Renters & Agents Company WHAT'S NEW EliseAI Powers Sparrow Single Family Homes WHAT'S NEW Watch The Demo Family Homes Careers About Us Our Blog Visit Us On LinkedIn Support Contact Sales What's New Privacy HealthAI Sign In Get started The All-In-One AI Platform For Your Property Our versatile AI manages prospects & residents, answering emails, texts, chat, and phone calls — all within minutes. Elise can automate... Leasing Resident Conversations Service Requests Payments & Decreasing Delinquencies Schedule A Demo Learn How Elise Works Our Impact How Elise Is Transforming Multifamily We've helped over 150 top property management companies transform their business and build more efficient teams. Whether you’re an owner or a manager, Elise is designed to help you achieve your business goals, convert more leads, and increase productivity. Manage Your Workflows Automated Channel Management Elise manages communication across multiple channels and automatically answers all prospect questions and requests. Email and Contact Forms Whether prospects are reaching out via email, a contact form, or web chat, Elise responds automatically with accurate answers. Email and Contact Forms Whether prospects are reaching out via email, a contact form, or web chat, Elise responds automatically with accurate answers. SMS and Texting Connect Elise to a mobile number of your choice, and your AI assistant can reply to text messages from prospects — with language specifically styled for mobile messaging. SMS and Texting Connect Elise to a mobile number of your choice, and your AI assistant can reply to text messages from prospects — with language specifically styled for mobile messaging. Phone Calls and IVR Whether you have an existing phone tree system or are considering adding one, Elise integrates with Interactive Voice Response (IVR) software to help you connect with your AI assistant via phone. Phone Calls and IVR Whether you have an existing phone tree system or are considering adding one, Elise integrates with Interactive Voice Response (IVR) software to help you connect with your AI assistant via phone. Missed Call 212-515-6121  •  View Details Incoming Call 212-515-6121 Voice 0: 10 0:30 Hey Elise, Can you reschedule my tour to 1pm? Make An Impact More Productivity, More Leads 112 % Increase in Appointment Conversion 317 % Increase in Appointments 2+ Hours Time Saved Per Agent Per Day Get To Know Our Products Powerful AI Solutions Our suite of AI products optimizes the leasing process from initial engagement to post-tour follow-ups. Our products are versatile and able to seamlessly integrate with your existing data, apps, and CRM/PMS software. Answers Questions Elise uses machine learning to answer questions with recognition of typos, slang and multiple queries. Handles Requests Elise schedules tours, provides instructions, sends follow-ups, and hands off prospects to a leasing agent for sensitive questions. Customizable AI Assistant Customize Elise for your business with personalized responses, sign-offs, and a custom name. Integrates With Your Systems Elise integrates with PMS/CRMs to sync calendars and property data, with custom integration options available. Answers Prospect Questions Your AI assistant uses machine learning to answer questions on everything from pet policy to pricing. Elise is intelligent enough to recognize typos, slang, and even answer multiple questions at once. Handles Specific Requests Elise schedules tours, provides instructions, sends follow-ups, reschedules appointments, and hands off prospects to a leasing agent for any detailed or sensitive questions about a property. Completely Customizable We make it simple to personalize Elise for your business by enabling customized responses, sign offs, and more. You can even use a custom name! Integrates With Your Systems Elise integrates with common property management systems and CRMs to sync your calendar and property data and keep your teams up to date. Our team can also help set up custom integration. Automate On All Channels Smarter CRM, Better Conversations Manage Conversations Automate Your Calendar Advance Reporting Metrics Use EliseAI’s Conversations tool to help your team stay updated about the status of prospect interactions across multiple channels and see when an agent response is needed. Get the visibility and functionality you need — without switching between different tools. The automated calendar in the EliseAI CRM helps Elise book tours for prospects and keeps agents updated about all scheduled appointments. Make data-driven business decisions by tracking performance across communities with key metrics like conversion rates and conversation health. Manage Conversations Automate Your Calendar Advance Reporting Metrics Use EliseAI's conversations tool to track prospect interactions and prompt agent response. EliseAI CRM automates tour booking and appointment updates. Track performance with key metrics for data-driven decisions in communities. Getting Started Set Up Made Simple Sync Your Property Data Once you connect Elise to your existing PMS and CRM software, your AI assistant can pull property and unit information in seconds. Configure Your Calendar and Tours Connect your leasing calendar and specify the types of tours you offer so Elise can start booking appointments for prospects. Add Channels and Customize Elise can manage more than just emails, SMS, IVR, or Webchat. You can even customize Elise’s name and sign-offs. Sync Your Property Data Once you connect Elise to your existing PMS and CRM software, your AI assistant can pull property and unit information in seconds. Configure Your Calendar and Tours Connect your leasing calendar and specify the types of tours you offer so Elise can start booking appointments for prospects. Add Channels and Customize Elise can manage more than just emails, SMS, IVR, or Webchat. You can even customize Elise’s name and sign-offs. 112% Increase in Appointment Conversion EliseAI made our dream a reality. We are now able to respond to our customers anytime, any day, any hour. We couldn't have done it without their amazing technology. Ofer Yardeni Stonehenge Management, Chairman and CEO Meet Elise today. Profit isn't just about converting leads — it’s about increasing productivity. EliseAI’s conversational AI provides the tools teams need to work smarter and create better prospect experiences. Schedule A Demo Thank you for your submission! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products AI Email AI SMS AI Chat Elise VoiceAI EliseCRM EliseCollect Solutions EliseAI for Leasing EliseAI for Business EliseAI for Healthcare Company About Careers Blog Contact Sales Support Privacy Rights + Choices © 2023 Elise A.I. Technologies Corp. Multifamily’s Most Advanced AI Assistant How many multifamily units does your company manage? Select Less than 1000 1000 to 2499 2500 to 4999 5000 to 9999 More than 10000 What property management software does your company use? Select Yardi Realpage Entrata Appfolio MRI Propertyware Buildium More than one Other Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. What’s New At EliseAI Advanced Conversational VoiceAI VoiceAI can talk back and forth with prospects, schedule tours, and pick up the calls your team can’t get to. Hear Elise Speak