Play Mega Moolah Real Money by Microgaming Game is available for registered users only! Sign Up Play Mega Moolah Real Money and Win Real Cash Online Casinos Mobile Slots Free Spins Play Mega Moolah Real Money and Win Real Cash Play for free Real play Real Play Characteristics Share: Autoplay: Bonus Rounds: Free Spins: Multiplayer: Jackpot: Mobile: Mega Moolah Slot Machine Review Mega Moolah Real Money is one of the most popular slots games of all time. This is because it is one of the most unique progressive slots games online and the fact that it has had so many jackpot winners who are chosen randomly. Many gamblers play slots with the hope of triggering the jackpot round since it is well known for being real. Yes, this game is as real as it gets. This can be proven by the winners of the jackpots who come from all walks of life winning life-changing amounts of money. Mega Moolah themes are well designed to suit different people and even seasons such as the holiday theme that is perfect for this time of year. It has five reels and 25 pay lines that can all be activated at the same time depending on how much money you bet. You can bet from as little as £0.01 thus if you are still unsure of the game, you do not have to lose a lot of money on it. There are so many platforms that offer the game online all you need to do is do your research and pick the best site for you and read through this review on how to win. Share: REAL PLAY Screenshots Additional Info • Launch: November 2009 • Software: Microgaming • Slot type: Video • Reels: 5 • Min. bet: 1per line •Max. bet: 5 per line •Payout %: 94% № Casino Where to play? Bonus info 1 777Spinslots £600 Deposit Bonus 2 Mr. Green 200 free spins + Bonus 100% up to 100$ 3 Eurogrand Casino 100% Up to £100 Deposit Bonus 4 Mecca Casino 100% up to £500 + 60 free spins 5 Betsson Casino Deposit €100 and Bonus Up to €200 6 Euro Palace Casino $600 Bonus 7 888 Casino Welcome Bonus up to €1500 Features of the Moolah Slots Explained The fairly familiar field with 5 reels, three image rows, and 25 paylines has many settings that affect both the possible winnings and the number of prize payments. The set of adjustable parameters includes the ability to set any number of active lines and the total bet amount, ranging from 1 cent to 125 dollars per spin. In each collected prize line, which should consist of three, four or five identical pictures, starting from the left side of the field, the user can receive a payment from x2 to x15000 set bets. What It Looked Like Before In the past, when the pay tables were very simple to understand, they came with simple 3-reel slots. At that time, when you hit 3 7s or cherries on the Mega Moolah casino play or the real money games, you enjoyed your payouts without many calculations. But it is no longer the same, and that is why you need to learn how to read it. In the present slots, there are up to 30 win lines across 5 reels. There are also scatters, wilds, and many video features. This entails that you have to pay more attention and read the Mega slots paytable before you understand it. Guide on How To Play Mega Moolah Slots in the UK Register your account and fill out the form (it only takes 1 minute). After registering, log in to play and deposit 10$ you will receive a bonus + 20$. Besides that, you can claim free spins to get the Mega Moolah jackpot wheel. Next, choose the Mega Moolah slot machine. Place a bet of 25 cents and with the received $ 30 you will have 120 spins. Now you have a chance with 120 spins to Win Mega Moolah Jackpot! P.S. If you have finished your spins, then you get an additional  4 bonuses up to 1600$. ❗️❗️ Mega Jackpot Alert: The last Won on Mega Moolah UK on 8 November 2019, the jackpot was a 2.7m GBP ❗️❗️ 🥇Read also: The Biggest Online Jackpots Ever Won . Microgaming Mega Moolah Real Money Slot Pay Table The first action to take if you want to understand the paytable of the slot is to locate the table. The paytable of the slot may be hidden by the number of features on the homepage of the casino coupled with the amount of colors used on the pages. Look through the links in the games and see if there is a way to get to it from the homepage. If this is not possible on the slot, go to the Menu and click on the rules section. When you click on this and it reveals the paytable for you, it may come out in two or more different screens. This is because of the amount of information it carries. On the first screen, you will normally have information about the combinations for winning in the Mega Moolah real money and no deposit slots . On the second screen, you will read about the symbols in detail, especially the wilds, scatters, and others. Instructions on Mega Moolah Coins and Lines When you go through the Mega Moolah winning combinations and what they pay, also go to the rules page. This will reveal where the entire winning lines are located. The 5-reel video slots normally come with 25-30 winning lines. Here, you will learn that when you reduce the coin value, you increase the possible number of lines you can play, and that entails more chances of winning a jackpot. How to Play Moolah Real Money Slot in Order to Win When looking for casino mega slots, pay attention, that gives a chance to win the jackpot of the century – more than 3 million pounds! Play these mega free slots without hesitation! Last year their payouts reached 50,220,527.14 pounds that’s why the second name of the machine is “Millionaire Maker”. For the last 10 years, the jackpot has been grabbed 18 times! No wonder that for a short period, it managed to capture thousands of gamblers’ hearts and it still a leader within this industry. Keep reading to know the details and mechanism of Moolah slots work in order to feel confident while playing and increase your chances to win. You’ll learn about its provider and technical characteristics to be perfectly convinced in its reliability. Learn the secrets on How to Win on Mega Moolah slot? 🏆 Tips and Cheats on How Mega Moolah Slot Work The Moolah slot machine offers a progressive jackpot. It means the more gamblers play and the longer they play the much more money it’s possible to win. In other words, the total sum is growing in direct proportion to the number of players. So, it’s a real chance not only to have fun or make some easy money but also to change the course of your life. To start trying your luck, there’s no need to dive into overwhelming formulas. Moolah games impress with their simplicity. Let’s see the structure: • There’re just 5 reels with 6 symbols portraying the animals of Africa. • In general, the reels can line up on 25 paylines. • Note that the lion is the king of all animals in these mega jackpot slots as well since 5 of them together bring you 15K coins. • Besides, it can be really “wild” and replace any other symbol to strengthen your positions. • In addition, there’s a chance to spin without coins if getting 3 or more monkeys on the screen. The more monkeys you’ve got the more spins you’ll be awarded. The more monkeys you’ve got the more spins you’ll be awarded. Consider that jackpots are connected with each other through the numerous online casino sites in different regions and one can win less grand jackpots – Mini, Minor, or Major. Read Mega Moolah FAQ, there you can find more tips and strategies on How to Win Money at the Online Casino? Mega Moolah Games – RTP, Variance & Technical Data At a glance, its return to a player is not impressive and Mega Moolah RTP is 94 % while other gambling establishments look rather attractive with their 95% and more. Nevertheless, one should not forget, that, as it has been mentioned above, 4 different progressive jackpots exist and thousands of players contribute to the “treasury”. Although such types of games belong to the highest variance games, this one is in the medium segment. What does it mean? That all house edges’ work is based on math to create only those games that will give them high revenues, much higher than their clients’ winnings. However, it doesn't change the fact that some clients are lucky and can get a good fortune. Variance means the average percentages or probability of expected outcomes. For example, if seeking modest money and extended playtime, low-variance games will be a great choice. If you look for the jackpot, this mega slot is right for you. Mega Moolah Jackpot Slots – Maximum Winning This year, each player in the whole world has got a chance to become a lucky owner of £3,033,563. It deals with the main prize, but consider also three other jackpots (Major, Minor, and Mini) that starts from the following sums (those starting points are usually called “seed level”): 👉 Mega – 1.000.000 pounds; 👉 Major – 10.000 pounds; 👉 Minor – 100 pounds; 👉 Mini – 10 pounds. So, all the information above is a firm foundation for a good gaming strategy the will help you win. It means there is no need to doubt in the Moolah’s credibility due to the numbers and other data outlined above. However, if you’re still hesitating, bear in mind the following facts. Learn more on How to Win on Mega Moolah Jackpot? Motivational Facts, Figures & Rules for Mega Moolah This game features the VIP program that can boast much more lucky clients than any other identical other slots program. Many credible mass media and online editions monitor Mega Moolah real money in the United Kingdom, the players and their winnings – BBC, Daily Star Sunday, Gaming Intelligence, Yahoo News are among them. Almost $62M flew into the pockets of 18 gamblers for the last 11 years. Eight of them got near $3M by winning a progressive jackpot per person and the other 10 players shared the rest of the sum. Since the most extended period between two jackpots lies between the 1st and 2nd ones that took place on 22nd April 2008 and 11th May 2009 respectively. So, the interval isn’t meaningful. However, you can just save this for later and now it’s time to play Mega Moolah free spins in order to have fun and money. Check Mega Moolah tips and strategies and you can be a Winner at Mega Moolah Jackpot. Play also: another popular slot machine, where you can play Book of Ra Deluxe slot for real money, which has 5 reels and 10 pay lines with Ancient Egyptian theme. This video slot with a high RTP 95,44%. Share: REAL PLAY Publication date: 01.07.2016 Publication author: Lucas Patel | Content Team Lead Age: 30 Education: University of Ottawa Live: London Contact: +44 7634 905364 Experience in writing: 7 Lucas used to practice creating content for websites, blogs, and social media in his previous positions. Collaborating with teams from design, marketing, UX, and other departments, he flourished in such settings. Lucas is such a creative thinker! He's always bouncing around ideas with all kinds of ad agencies and social media stars to cook up these super original campaigns for sports and casino fans. Right now he's at Mega-moolah-play.com, where he's the mastermind behind their content. He can work magic on your website and get it ranking high on search engines. Ahrefs, Search Console - you name it, he's an expert. That means the content pops up at the top of searches, exactly where everyone looks. But it's not just tricks - he actually digs into what people are searching for, what they really want to know. Then he uses that knowledge to craft content that keeps readers hooked. Try our slot machines for free Wish Upon a Ja... This is a 5-reel 20-line slot game, developed by Blueprint Gaming. The title of the game, Wish Upon a Jackpot is a play on “Wish upon a Star” PLAY FOR FREE Wish Upon a Ja... PLAY FOR FREE Where’s The Go... Where’s The Gold is one of Aristocrat’s most prominent pokies with a five reel slot featuring three rows and 25 pay lines. The main character is a prospector that possibly is about to find gold PLAY FOR FREE Where’s The Go... PLAY FOR FREE Da Vinci Diamo... The Da Vinci game is a 5 reel slot game featuring 30 paylines brought to life by IGT. The game is a smashing hit both in brick and mortar, as well as in online casinos PLAY FOR FREE Da Vinci Diamo... PLAY FOR FREE Wheel of Fortu... Wheel of fortune is not your typical five reel slots game. The good people from IGT are the ones responsible for this slot that feature incredible 720 ways to win PLAY FOR FREE Wheel of Fortu... PLAY FOR FREE Monopoly Slot ... Monopoly slots take a dynamic tilt towards the scientific aspect. Although owned by WMS, Barcrest is an unforgettable part of the successful output PLAY FOR FREE Monopoly Slot ... PLAY FOR FREE Game of Throne... Game of Thrones Slot merely is the most incredible production of Microgaming software provider PLAY FOR FREE Game of Throne... PLAY FOR FREE Raging Rhino S... Raging Rhino is the brilliant work craft of WMS software which made sure to spice it up with diverse gameplay medium PLAY FOR FREE Raging Rhino S... PLAY FOR FREE Kitty Glitter ... This game stays true to itself in all aspects. On the reels, a player will encounter several symbols that stay true to the “pretty-cat” theme of the game PLAY FOR FREE Kitty Glitter ... PLAY FOR FREE Triple Diamond... There are quite a number of features that make the Triple Diamond slot so popular in land-based, online and even in mobile casino bonus PLAY FOR FREE Triple Diamond... PLAY FOR FREE Book of Dead S... The newly released slot has 5 reels with 10 paylines. The game features animations and soundtracks from reality TV shows to really engage the target audience. PLAY FOR FREE Book of Dead S... PLAY FOR FREE Play Sizzling ... Sizzling hot deluxe — colorful lost machine with five play lines is so fun and easy to play that it can become addictive! Try a free demo on our website — and find out the ins and outs of the game to win big money later! PLAY FOR FREE Play Sizzling ... PLAY FOR FREE Play Lord Of T... Today we shall discuss how to play Lord of the ocean slot and how to choose an online casino. There is no need to put your money into the game when you start it. PLAY FOR FREE Play Lord Of T... PLAY FOR FREE Play Funky Fru... Funky Fruits Slot Review: the description of the game features. Tips on how to choose an online casino. The evaluation of free bonuses from different websites. PLAY FOR FREE Play Funky Fru... PLAY FOR FREE Play Book Of R... Expplre Book of Ra main features and find out how you can dig the hidden treasures! Practice with our free demo version to score big money in any online casino. PLAY FOR FREE Play Book Of R... PLAY FOR FREE Play Book Of R... Discover a complete Book of Ra slot review. Check the RTP, strategies,gameplay, jackpot advice, bonus features, and how to win. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Play Book Of R... PLAY FOR FREE Sizzling Hot S... Discover a complete Sizzling Hot slot review. Check the RTP, strategies,gameplay, jackpot advice, bonus features, and how to win. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Sizzling Hot S... PLAY FOR FREE Play Dolphins ... Discover a complete Dolphin’s Pearl slot review. Check the RTP, strategies,gameplay, jackpot advice, bonus features, and how to win. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Play Dolphins ... PLAY FOR FREE Play Mega Joke... Discover a complete Mega Joker slot review. Check the RTP, strategies,gameplay, jackpot advice, bonus features, and how to win. Start now! PLAY FOR FREE Play Mega Joke... PLAY FOR FREE Last Articles Tips-and-Tricks on How to Defeat Mega Moolah Slot cheats There isn’t any common thought whether it is workable to gain victory over the slot machine. You have never wondered why, haven’t you? Probably the explication for all this is that only a few risk-takers comprehend what a coin machine ... More To Profit from Mega Moolah Slot fixed You are to Install it on your Gadget Have you ever ruminated about founding your personal gambling den for your personal necessity on the PC or mobile gadget? Everything is pretty simple ! It’s not so complicated to do! You are free to download for PC slot machines ... More To Benefit from Mega Moolah Slot download for pc You are to Install it on your PC Do you desire to found a home casino for personal usage on your individual PC or mobile phone? It's simple and simple! You can set up for PC gambling machines for free and appreciate the gambling to your heart's delight ... More Comments 11 comments. Share: E-mail: Deidra Cyr Aug 17, 2017 Mega Moolah mobile slot is all about the Four Progressive Jackpots that has created countless millionaires. Don’t take me wrong, I love the graphics. The animals are full of character and personality, and the bright orange setting makes you feel like you are basking in the warm glow of a safari sunset. Share DorethaAho Jul 14, 2017 Mega Moolah Slot is one of the original progressive jackpots which pays out some serious ‘mega moolah’ when won! Sometimes, people ask themselves “Mega Moolah Slot is legit or real?” because of the huge jackpot it pays out. The short and true answer is, yes of course it’s real! Share ColeMaynor Jun 15, 2017 Mega Moolah Jackpot Slot is designed to keep things simple and it’s really all about the Multi million jackpots, both the Mega progressive jackpots and also the lower value local jackpots. Share IssacHans May 11, 2017 Mega Moolah is world famous for a reason! This super slot game, powered by the legendary Microgaming, has created a long line of happy millionaires. Share Bryon Hirsch Apr 12, 2017 The vast majority of slots with progressive jackpot are classic fruit machines with a few game lines and standard symbols: Seven, Cherry and Bar. However, Mega Moolah slot, you see something new: this is your chance to launch out to real African safari and get exclusive trophies. Share SonStorey Mar 28, 2017 What I love most when I play Mega Moolah slot on mobile is that it doesn’t rely on the progressive jackpots to make it a good game.The features are decent, the free spins thrilling, the in-house jackpot is high, and the graphics and sounds are great fun. Share Arleen Grubb Mar 14, 2017 I give Mega Moolah slot a five star review, a mobile jackpot slot that has everything you need. Wilds, scatters, free spins, jackpots galore and a great fun theme to boot. There is a reason why this is one of the all time favourite Microgaming slots for so many. Share Bobby Braden Feb 16, 2017 Mega Moolah is one of the all-time greats of online slots gaming. The Mega Moolah jackpot has produced some massive wins and has spawned a number of spin-off Microgaming jackpots titles such as Mega Moolah Isis, Mega Moolah 5 Reel Drive, and Mega Moolah Summertime. Share Dozier Feb 07, 2017 Mega Moolah slot is the most well-known progressive jackpot slots online, probably because it’s one of the original progressive slots online. As it is a progressive slot, every casino player playing it, at every Microgaming casino is adding continuously to the jackpot. So, it’s no wonder the jackpots grow so large. Share Lane Lofton Jan 18, 2017 Online slots are enjoying what can only be described as a boom period right now but as the slots market is inundated with new releases every month, there are still the classics like the Microgaming-developed Mega Moolah slot that stands the test of time. Share Omar Layden Jan 06, 2017 The Mega Moolah slot machine (both real money and free) is one of the defining slots of its era. It was released back in 2006 and has remained just as popular in this current age of slots gaming as it was when it first hit the casinos. Share Share discussion: More comments CONTACT US Mega Moolah Real Money Free Slots Real Money Casino Games Mega Moolah Bonus No Deposit Slots No Deposit Casino Online Casino for Real Money How to Win Money – FAQ Strategies Privacy Policy Coin Master Free Spins 5 Minimum Deposit Casino UK £15 Free Bingo No Deposit £10 No Deposit Bonus Articles Mega Moolah Casino Mega Moolah Mobile Ontario Quebec Alberta Manitoba British Columbia Nova Scotia Saskatchewan Newfoundland and Labrador New Brunswick Submit your Casino Sitemap Mega Moolah Play © 2025 UP