Products
Solutions
Business
Pricing
Resources
EN
Log in
Sign up
Online privacy for everyone

Privacy is not an option with MEGA, it’s standard. That’s because we believe that everyone should be able to store data and communicate securely and privately online.

Try MEGA for free
Store files, chat, and meet – all in one place

MEGA brings cloud storage, file and folder sharing, chat, meetings, and more — together into one place.

Cloud storage

Securely store files of any size. Backup important folders, sync items across multiple devices, and share files with total control and privacy.

Discover MEGA Cloud
VPN

Safeguard your online privacy with the lightning-fast MEGA VPN. Protect up to ten devices at once from just ₩3,368 per month. Start your 7-day free trial today.

Discover MEGA VPN
Password manager

Simply and securely manage login credentials across all devices with MEGA Pass. Generate complex passwords and save time with autofill. Start your 30-day free trial today.

Discover MEGA Pass
Object storage

Manage unlimited data with MEGA S4, a scalable and affordable storage solution. S3-compatible for integration with tools and services, it’s ideal for businesses, developers, and media professionals.

Discover MEGA S4
Chat and meetings

Message friends and family, make one-on-one calls, or connect over video – all in complete privacy. Also available to non-MEGA users.

Discover MEGA Chat
Security that’s always on

We protect your data with zero-knowledge encryption, the highest level of online security and privacy. This means that only the sender and the recipient have the keys needed to see, read, or listen to the data stored or shared on MEGA.

For anyone else, including MEGA, the data would appear as gibberish, and they would find it impossible to read or understand.

More about security
Why choose MEGA?
Never run out of storage space

Need lots of storage space? No problem. We have a range of competitive plans that go up to 20 TB. If you need even more space, get a Pro Flexi or Business plan, where you only pay for the extra storage space you use.

See our plans
Share files and folders with anyone

Easily share your MEGA files and folders with friends and colleagues, even people without MEGA accounts. And when sharing, you’re still in control. You can give people read-only or full access to your folders, and can set a password or create expiring links.

More about sharing
Be in control of your data

Whether it’s giving people limited or full access to files you share with them or preventing new group chat members from reading old messages, your data is in your hands. That’s our number one promise to you.

Learn more
Work seamlessly across all devices

Easily access your cloud files through our desktop app, mobile apps or the web. And, if you sync or back up data from your computer to MEGA, all changes will automatically be replicated in real time, so you’ll be able to see the latest files, no matter where you are.

How does MEGA compare?
MEGA
€1.25
*
per TB per month
End-to-end encryption
Password manager
VPN
Encrypted chat and meetings
*Based on the Pro III yearly plan
Dropbox
€5.53
*
per TB per month
End-to-end encryption
Password manager
VPN
Encrypted chat and meetings
*Based on the Essentials yearly plan
Google One
€4.17
*
per TB per month
End-to-end encryption
Password manager
VPN
Encrypted chat and meetings
*Based on the Premium yearly plan

MEGA PASS

Try our new password manager

Protect your login credentials and access them from any device with MEGA Pass.

Start your 30-day free trial and then get MEGA Pass from just ₩5,550 per month. Also included as part of any MEGA paid personal or business plan.

Learn more about MEGA Pass
Grow your business with MEGA

Bring your team together online with MEGA for Business. From freelancers to startups and all the way to enterprises, MEGA is the perfect online tool to help you grow your business and your team. Store and protect important documents and transform how your teams collaborate with MEGA.

Learn more
Millions of people trust us

Join the millions of individuals and businesses who trust MEGA to store and protect their data in the cloud.

Sign up for free
Registered users
0
Uploaded files
0
The Privacy Company
User-encrypted cloud services
© MEGA 2025 All rights reserved
Follow MEGA
Products
Cloud storage
Object storage
VPN
Password manager
Transfer.it
Sync
Backup
Share
Media files
Chat and meetings
Business
Solutions
Individuals
Freelancers
Small business
Google Drive alternative
S4 MSP Reseller
Platforms
Mobile apps
Desktop app
Browser extensions
MEGA CMD
CMD for NAS
Plans
Pricing
Achievements
Resources
Blog
Security and privacy
Reliability
Developers
Help
Help Centre
Contact us
Vulnerability Reward Programme
Company
About us
Media
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright notice submission
Takedown Guidance Policy
Transparency Report
Cookie Policy
Cookie settings
Copyright dispute
We use cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies to provide an enhanced experience with our services. Read more in our Cookie Policy.

Customise
Accept all