Login
Sales & Support: 888-301-1721
Solutions  About Us  Support
Let’s Connect
Better Collaboration,
Better Business
Hard-working cloud communications tools for hard-working businesses like yours.
Let's Connect
All Services 
100% US-based Services and Support
Get faster resolution times and superior service to keep your business running smoothly.
Unified Communications

Video, voice conferencing, and collaboration that keeps business working.

Learn About UCaaS 
Microsoft Teams Calling Services

Replace legacy phone and meet your customers where they are with Teams.

See Calling Services 
POTS
Replacement

Copper phone lines are too outdated for busy modern businesses. Time for a change.

Replace Your POTS 
Managed Network Services

Rely on business-class SD-WAN, connectivity, and internet access.

See Internet Options 
We take pride in our customer-first approach, rooted in the values of innovation, integrity, and customer service.

Fusion Connect offers a robust suite of services that can meet virtually any client need, with customized solutions for connectivity and data.

Their provisioning and implementation teams are highly knowledgeable and proactive, making new service installations seamless. Integration into existing frameworks is straightforward, and their feature-rich solutions go well beyond the typical carrier’s cookie-cutter approach.

Equally impressive is their support team, especially tier 2+ technicians, who resolve issues quickly and with exceptional expertise.

—Nicholas Kontoleon, Director of Network Engineering, G Marshall Inc.

Silver Eagle Beverages faced significant challenges with their outdated voice and IT systems, particularly during a critical transition to Microsoft 365.

Fusion Connect delivered a comprehensive solution that modernized their communication infrastructure while enhancing reliability and performance.

Modernize your communication infrastructure with Operator Connect for Microsoft Teams Calling.

Get the Microsoft Teams Calling Free Trial 

The Most Comprehensive Service Guarantees in the Industry

See all guarantees 

Future-Proof Technology Guarantee

Today's tech, ready for tomorrow.

Rate Lock Savings & Guarantee

Fixed rates, across your service period.

100% Uptime Guarantee

Always on, or your money back.

Customer Satisfaction Guarantee

Your satisfaction is our promise.

WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING

Fusion Connect was meticulous about tracking key milestones and ensuring projects were completed accurately and on time. For a business like ours, accuracy is key. It was a game-changer for us.

—Levi Kuras, IT Technical Support Manager, Wireless Vision

View Case Study 
From the Blog…

See All Blog Posts 

Microsoft Teams Latency and Poor Connection: Diagnose and Fix Fast
December 23, 2025


If you work in IT—admin, engineer, support, support specialist—you already know the look.

Read More

Why Can’t I Make or Receive VoIP Calls?
December 11, 2025


You’ve moved your business to a VoIP system for a reason—flexibility, scalability, and cost...

Read More

Can’t Log Into Microsoft Teams or Outlook? Try These Fixes First
December 10, 2025


For many businesses running on Microsoft 365, Teams and Outlook are the daily engines of...

Read More

+1 888-301-1721

Let’s Connect 
Company
Company Info
Services Overview
Service Guarantees
Newsroom
Reviews
Careers
Quick Links
Support
Account Login
Become a Partner
Blog
Speed Test Plus
Policies
Legal
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Accessibility
Privacy Management

Follow Fusion Connect

   
© 2025 Fusion Connect. A Morgan Stanley Investment Management portfolio company. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.Cookie Policy and Privacy Management

Cookies Settings OK