Middle East Institute Skip to main content Policy Analysis Regional Affairs Afghanistan & Pakistan Arabian Peninsula Black Sea Egypt and Horn of Africa Iran Israeli Affairs Lebanon North Africa and the Sahel Palestine & Palestinian-Israeli Affairs Syria Turkey Global Affairs Climate and Water Conflict Resolution & Track II Dialogues Countering Terrorism & Extremism Defense & Security Economics and Energy Strategic Foresight Initiative Strategic Technologies and Cyber Security Events Education Classes Classes Video Explainers Journal Journal Middle East Journal Subscriber Login Submissions Library Library Oman Library at the Middle East Institute Digital Collection Catalog Experts Arts & Culture Get Involved Get Involved Get Involved CENTCOM Commanders Council Reception Corporate Council Membership Delegation Trips Annual Awards Gala Support MEI Jobs & Fellowships Internships Donate Policies Utility Navigation عربي Blog Podcasts Subscribe About Donate Utility Navigation عربي Blog Podcasts Subscribe About Donate Policy Analysis Regional Afghanistan & Pakistan Arabian Peninsula Black Sea Egypt and Horn of Africa Iran Israeli Affairs Lebanon North Africa and the Sahel Palestine & Palestinian-Israeli Affairs Syria Turkey Thematic Climate and Water Conflict Resolution & Track II Dialogues Countering Terrorism & Extremism Defense & Security Economics and Energy Strategic Foresight Initiative Strategic Technologies and Cyber Security Featured Event view Israeli Formal and De Facto West Bank Annexation: Regional Consequences and US Policy Implications Event view US-Saudi Relationship in the Wake of MBS’s Visit Events Education Classes Classes Video Explainers Journal Journal Middle East Journal Subscriber Login Submissions Library Library Oman Library at the Middle East Institute Digital Collection Catalog Featured Winter/Spring 2025 Experts Arts & Culture MEI ART GALLERY 1763 N St. NW Washington, DC 20036 Open Weekdays 10am - 5pm (Closed federal holidays) Book a visit OPENING SOON ARAB POP ART: Between East and West ARAB POP ART: Between East and West Arts & Culture Center MEI Art Gallery Current Exhibition Schedule a Visit About the Arts & Culture Center Donate Get Involved Featured Full Page view 2025 CENTCOM Commanders Council Reception Full Page view Internships Get Involved Get Involved CENTCOM Commanders Council Reception Corporate Council Membership Delegation Trips Annual Awards Gala Support MEI Jobs & Fellowships Internships Donate Policies Search Special Briefing Unfinished business will drive the Mideast agenda in 2026 Following another year of pivotal developments and transformational change, the Middle East could be poised to turn the page on many of its long-running conflicts and sources of instability. But lasting fruits of the processes begun in 2025 will require a determined, intentional focus by regional actors and the United States. Given current trends, MEI experts weigh in on where the region may be headed in 2026. Read the briefing Podcast Rob Malley Argues Two States is an Illusion View More Multimedia Feature 10 books to expand your knowledge of the Middle East - 2025 edition View More Publication For the International Stabilization Force, key questions abound View More Publications Virtual Briefing Series MEI’s Virtual Briefing Series is a bi-weekly program that brings together regional and subject-matter experts to provide in-depth analysis on breaking news and key issues in the Middle East and their global implications. View Briefings Latest Publications Publication view From Crude to Compute: Building the GCC AI Stack Dec 15, 2025 Mohammed Soliman The artificial intelligence era demands a fundamental rethinking of strategic infrastructure and international partnerships. Just as oil shaped the geopolitical landscape of the 20th century, compute infrastructure will define power relationships in the 21st. The six GCC member states — Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates — are all, to various degrees, at an inflection point, positioned to leverage historical advantages in energy while building new capabilities in the technologies that will shape the future. Publication view Iran’s Axis of Resistance after the 12-day war: Adaptation, restructuring, and reconstitution Dec 19, 2025 Reza Parchizadeh Podcast view What 2025 Has Wrought... and What 2026 May Bring Dec 18, 2025 Podcast view When the World’s Oldest Democracy Goes Illiberal Dec 16, 2025 Publication view Moral compass lost: US foreign policy in 2025 Dec 17, 2025 Brian Katulis Upcoming Events Attend free, public events at our D.C. headquarters or tune in to our live webcasts view Israeli Formal and De Facto West Bank Annexation: Regional Consequences and US Policy Implications January 13, 2026, 10:00 am EST view Omar Offendum Live: Arab Pop Art Closing Night January 23, 2026, 6:30 pm EST Current Exhibition ARAB POP ART Between East and West September 12, 2025 - January 23, 2026 Co-curated by Laila Abdul-Hadi Jadallah & Lyne Sneige Hassan Hajjaj Omar Offendum, (2013). Courtesy of the artist and Yossi Milo Gallery, New York. Arab Pop Art: Between East and West explores the evolution of an art movement that blends Arab cultural motifs and symbols with the visual language of Western Pop art. Emerging in the 1960s, Arab pop art exploded with the rise of social media and new digital technologies in the 2000s. Today, Arab pop artists harness creativity, satire, and a savvy awareness of street culture to comment on social and political issues in the Middle East, while also challenging regional stereotypes. Featuring 14 artists from the Arab world and its diaspora, the exhibition explores the emergence of Arab Pop art as a bold fusion of cultural identity and global visual language that highlights a vibrant, evolving, and cosmopolitan Arab identity. The 35 works on display blend everyday symbols, regional motifs, and cultural commentary with striking imagery reminiscent of Western pop art icons like Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein. The result is a show that challenges norms and informs new perspectives on art, identity, and culture in the Middle East. Lead sponsorship for this exhibition has been provided by the Open Mind Project with additional support from the Embassy of the Kingdom of Morocco in Washington, D.C. Expanding Knowledge, Narrowing Divides MEI fosters greater understanding of the Middle East through non-partisan policy analysis, educational services, and promotion of regional arts and culture. Policy Center A source for non-partisan expert analysis seeking solutions to the region’s most challenging issues Learn More Education Center Classes, academic resources, and professional development services to foster regional understanding Learn More Arts & Culture Center D.C.’s only gallery dedicated to contemporary and modern art from the Middle East Learn More Get Involved Discover how you can become a part of the MEI community. Learn More Visit the MEI Art Gallery The MEI Art Gallery is open to the public weekdays from 10am to 5pm (closed for federal holidays). Visitors are encouraged to register for a timed visit at the link below, but walk-ins are also welcome. Book a visit Oman Library Now Open By Appointment Please call or email the librarian to set up a time to visit, research, or browse our ongoing book sale. Also keep an eye out for new acquisitions to the catalog and the publication of online resource guides. More information Leading Regional Expertise MEI’s scholars draw on deep ties and decades of experience working in the region to build better understanding of Middle East policy. View All Scholars Research Programs Led by renowned scholars and regional experts, MEI's policy research programs produce original analysis, convene roundtables and public events, and work to advance understanding of the complexities of regional policy. Afghanistan and Pakistan Studies MEI’s Afghanistan and Pakistan studies center aims to advance a balanced and realistic understanding of the politics, economy, society and foreign policy of these two countries. It works with scholars to produce original research, sponsors lectures, produces opinion pieces, and provides expert analysis with the goal of promoting knowledge about Afghanistan and Pakistan among the American public and within policy making circles. Learn More Arabian Peninsula Affairs MEI’s Arabian Peninsula Affairs program aims to enhance U.S. understanding of the major issues and opportunities in front of the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council who are key political, security, and economic partners for the United States. It is a hub for analysis of developments within the GCC and the broader region, including Iran, Yemen, and the Gulf and Red Sea littorals. Learn More Climate and Water Program The Climate and Water Program seeks to assess and understand the broader impacts of climate change in the region, with emphasis on water resources management, sustainability, and the environment. The program also explores the use of water and environmental policy, climate adaptation and mitigation, and green initiatives to enhance the climate resilience of the Middle East and North Africa. Learn More Conflict Resolution and Track II Dialogues Establishing spaces for current and former officials and experts to engage in problem-solving dialogues in which they discuss emerging political and security trends in the region, resolution of conflicts, and broader issues related to regional security. Learn More Countering Terrorism & Extremism MEI's Countering Terrorism and Extremism program seeks to generate a more locally-rooted understanding of the threats and challenges of today and tomorrow - grasping where they come from and why they come about, and most importantly, how to more effectively and sustainably defeat them. Learn More ﻿Center for Strategy and Emerging Technology The world is witnessing a tech cold war and decoupling between the U.S. and China, as new geopolitical fault lines emerge based on technology networks and the flow of information. This has critical implications for the Middle East as the region seeks to become an inflection point for the new digital order and a key arbiter in building the global digital architecture. MEI's Center for Strategy and Emerging Technology studies how emerging technologies are impacting the region, analyzes the rise of new tech powers, and seeks to open up opportunities for new tech cooperation between the U.S. and leading regional actors. Learn More Defense and Security MEI's Defense and Security program provides rigorous and multidisciplinary analysis of the current and emerging defense and security challenges and opportunities facing the United States and its regional partners. It also works to create a unique, credible, and independent platform for defense and security stakeholders from both the United States and the region to more closely interact, exchange views, and share experiences regarding various matters of national security. Learn More Economics and Energy Program The Program on Economics and Energy seeks to advance understanding of the impact of a global energy transition away from hydrocarbons for those traditional oil and gas exporters of the Middle East. The program also investigates the relationship between oil and gas exporters and importers across MENA, in the role of financial aid and investment, remittances, and labor markets. Learn More Egypt Program MEI's Egypt Program looks at the country's security, economic and political developments. It seeks to examine Egypt’s domestic developments and regional role through research, private roundtables and public events. Learn More Frontier Europe Initiative MEI’s Frontier Europe Initiative explores interactions between Middle East countries and their Frontier Europe neighbors – the parts of Eastern Europe, Central Asia and the Caucasus which form a frontier between Western Europe, Russia and the Middle East. The program examines the growing energy, trade, security and political relationships with the aim of developing greater understanding of the interplay between these strategically important regions. Learn More Iran Program MEI’s Iran program covers Iranian domestic politics, civil society and social trends, and Tehran’s soft- and hard-power approach to geopolitical competition with other regional states through research, articles, papers, and public and private events. Learn More Lebanon Program The past two years have been grueling for Lebanon. Political, humanitarian, financial, and socio-economic crises have converged. In parallel, citizens have risen up to demand accountability, reforms, and an end to corruption and incompetence. In such critical times, MEI’s dedicated Lebanon program seeks to inform and advance the policy conversation on Lebanon in the United States and globally. The program particularly focuses on investigating and promoting viable paths forward for Lebanon as it battles through one of the darkest periods in its 100-year modern history. Learn More Middle East - Asia Project (MAP) MAP explores the multidimensional relations between the Middle East and Asia through scholarly analysis of cross-regional economic, political, security, and social/cultural interactions and their implications. It seeks to foster collaborative research on these issues through building an online community of experts and forging institutional partnerships. Learn More North Africa and the Sahel The North Africa and Sahel Program studies this region’s evolving internal social, political, and economic dynamics and draws attention to its growing geopolitical significance. The program brings the voices and experiences of new and established actors to a global audience and provides a space to build closer ties and promote shared peace and prosperity. Learn More Palestine and Palestinian-Israeli Affairs The Program on Palestine and Palestinian-Israeli Affairs examines the future of Palestinian politics and the Palestinian national movement as well as the prospects for a peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the role of the conflict in the stability of the broader Middle East. Learn More Strategic Foresight Initiative MEI's Strategic Foresight Initiative examines key drivers and dynamics at work in the region, thinks strategically, creatively and rigorously about various scenarios, risks and opportunities, and uses methodologically sound approaches to help decision-makers chart a course forward. Learn More Syria Program MEI’s Syria Program seeks to provide insightful and grounded research and analysis on all things Syria in order to better inform a wide range of audiences and to help sustain and shape a more meaningful policy-oriented discussion. Drawing on the expertise of over a dozen renowned scholars, the Syria Program covers all aspects of Syria and its ongoing crises - from political, economic, legal, social, ethnic and religious dynamics, to conflict, insurgency and terrorism and the country’s history and possible futures. Learn More Turkish Studies Established in 2009, MEI’s Turkish Studies program seeks to highlight and analyze political, economic, and social developments in Turkey through scholarly research and public events. It organizes an annual conference featuring leading experts and policy practitioners from Turkey, the United States, and the EU. Learn More What We Do We seek to promote knowledge of the Middle East in America and strengthen understanding of the United States by the peoples and governments of the region. We believe pursuit of this goal is integral to building a world of peace and stability, in which the people of our two regions value our shared humanity. 1 Our experts shape diplomatic, legislative, and public discourse through publications, private briefings, testimony, and media. 2 We provide education and resources to the next generation of global leaders. 3 Our Center for Arts & Culture promotes a more integrated understanding of the Middle East, forging people-to-people connections and creating a destination for exploring the role of the arts in the region. 4 We elevate voices from the region in international conversation. 5 Our international conflict resolution dialogues bring together civil society and political leaders to achieve impact through cooperation both in and outside of the region. Learn More Subscribe to Updates Get the latest MEI policy briefings, event notifications, and other updates delivered straight to your inbox. Main Navigation Policy Analysis Events Education Experts Arts & Culture Get Involved Search Contact Us Media Inquiries media@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x241 Events events@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x202 Development development@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x2505 Middle East Journal mej@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x210 Arts & Culture Center artsculture@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x2509 Other Information communications@mei.edu 202-785-1141 Tertiary Navigation Public Disclosures Board Staff Employment Middle East Institute 1763 N St. NW, Washington D.C. 20036 © 2018 Middle East Institute All Rights Reserved | Accessibility Policy | Built by Social Driver .