Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Home
How It Works
 
For Educators
 
Case Studies
 
Pricing
 
 Support
 Sign In 
Get Started
Unlock lifelong potential, one word at a time

A personalized vocabulary learning platform powered by cognitive science for lasting learning. 3 out of 4 teachers who use Membean enjoy it so much they share it with others.

Get Started
Watch A Video
Membean is used in more than 40,000 classrooms in over 50 countries.

“After implementing Membean, from 2018 to 2019 we saw an increase in 9th grade scores of 12.49% and in 11th grade scores of 7.47%. Our school was recognized by the district for exceptional growth in the 9th grade scores.”

Lisa Boyd
Luella High School
Locust Grove, GA

“My students are proud of their writing because they have been able to choose a precise word to communicate what they want to say. That's authentic learning, and Membean has made it possible.”

Amy Wampler
Faith Christian School
Grapevine, TX

“Memorizing words from a list one week and forgetting them the next is neither effective nor useful. We want to teach our students how to learn and retain those words, and Membean shows them how to do just that.”

Deb Bok
Walsh Jesuit High School
Cuyahoga Falls, OH

“With a large international student population, we knew it was crazy to teach the same words to both native and non-native speakers. Membean almost felt like a video game versus sitting with an old-fashioned workbook.”

Andrew Butler
Scheck Hillel Community School
North Miami Beach, FL

“Our English teachers appreciate that students are learning words in their zone of proximal development; they also are impressed that Membean successfully addresses each student's different learning styles.”

Anne Hartman
Annapolis Area Christian School
Severn, MD

“We surveyed our students and teachers and, by a large margin, they preferred Membean. We primarily liked that Membean let us address problems at different levels for each student.”

Anthony Corsi
Community High School District 218
Oak Lawn, IL

“Membean calibrates to each one of my students. It accepts them where they are and teaches them. Their confidence increases by being part of the learning community—they no longer feel ostracized.”

Bonnie Warne
Fremont High School
St. Anthony, ID

“Our students are not only expanding their vocabulary but are also learning how to learn. I credit Membean's effective pedagogical structure and methodology with guiding our students in the right direction.”

Karl Schaefer
Durham Academy
Durham, NC

“All my students are at varying levels. Fortunately, all their needs can be met through Membean's truly differentiated format – it's simply wonderful. Membean enriches each student's education at their own individual level.”

Mary Mangiacotti
Stratton Mountain School
Stratton, VT

“My students have so many learning styles, which makes differentiating with Membean very effective. I appreciate how I can personalize with ease. Membean saves me time every week!”

Patti Donnelly
Durham Academy
Durham, NC
Read Case Studies
 at a Glance
Automatically differentiates and personalizes to each student's skill level.
Leverages cognitive science for immediate and long-term learning retention.
Works alongside any curriculum including Gen Ed, AP, IB, ELL and more.
Increases efficiency by saving you grading time and reducing your legwork.
Promotes multi-year retention rather than focusing on short-term performance.
Gives you control over all of your students' goals and objectives.
Outperform Conventional Methods with Cognitive Science
 Multimodal Learning

We present 9 different ways to learn every word, creating strong and diverse connections in the brain. Students learn meaning and usage, and they develop a nuanced understanding of their words.

 Retrieval Practice
 Intelligent Spacing
 Monitoring with Reinforcement
 Differentiation & Personalization
Explore Our Research
 is for Educators
Saves you time to do what you do best!

Teachers report saving up to 4 hours every week thanks to the powerful tools Membean provides:

Customizable goals
Training warnings and alerts
Rich dashboards and reports
Auto-generated and graded quizzes
Learn How it Works
We give control back to you.

Tailor every student's individual experience by customizing how often and for how long they train. Issue quizzes and writing assignments that are automatically personalized and adjust preferences to accommodate all learners.

Genuine literacy for every student.

Every student can achieve a lofty level of literacy! Whether you teach multilingual learners, advanced classes, or students who are struggling, we'll meet each individual where they are and adapt to their unique needs.

Designed by teachers.

We know your students have varying levels of proficiency and diverse learning needs. We know you need actionable data in order to monitor, support, and challenge your students. We know that your time is precious. We've been there, and we're here to help.

Empathetic human support.

Our dedicated support team has firsthand experience using Membean in their own classrooms. With empathy and a deep understanding of your needs, we'll get back to you quickly—often within the hour—ensuring you get the help you need the same day.

Get Started
PRODUCT
How It Works
Case Studies
Pricing
Research
Security
RESOURCES
Teacher Resources
Online Store
Rootcasts
Webinars
Word Roots
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work For Us
Brand Guidelines
866-930-6680
© 2025 Membean, Inc. Made with ❤️ in Portland, OR.
Privacy Policy GDPR Terms of Use
We use cookies! 🍪

We use cookies to provide you with the best online experience. By using this site, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use.

Got It!