Tours & Tailor-made Holidays | Travel Packages | Memphis Tours Home Egypt Destinations Jordan Dubai Saudi Arabia Morocco Oman Turkey African Safari India Tunisia Sri Lanka Tours Greece Peru Southeast Asia Multi-Country Tours Blog English English Italiano Español Português Français Deutsch USD (US$) USD (US$) EUR (€) GBP (£) AUD (AU$) CAD (C$) Tailor a Tour Be There When History Opens The Grand Egyptian Museum: 100,000 artifacts. 5,000 years of legacy. The world's largest archaeological museum is now open. Book Your Tour Celebrate Christmas Under the Sun Swap snow for sunshine and make this festive season brighter with journeys filled with warmth and wonder. View Christmas Offers Discover Personalized Adventures Unforgettable and personalized experiences across the world's most iconic destinations since 1955. Customize Your Trip Why Choose Us? We craft unforgettable adventures for passionate explorers around the world. Tailored Experiences Design your ideal journey, Customize every detail or let us craft the perfect itinerary based on your preferences and interests. Multi-Country Trips Effortlessly explore multiple destinations with expert planning and the best prices, all managed by local travel specialists. Over 65 years of success Memphis Tours has been setting standards in the tourism industry for over six decades giving you the trust that you look for in your next adventure. Secure Online Payment Book with confidence using our encrypted payment system, ensuring your personal and financial information is fully protected. Featured Destinations Discover fascinating destinations from all across the world. Egypt See all packages Jordan See all packages Dubai See all packages Saudi Arabia See all packages Morocco See all packages Oman See all packages Turkey See all packages African Safari See all packages India See all packages Tunisia See all packages Sri Lanka Tours See all packages Greece See all packages Peru See all packages Southeast Asia See all packages Multi-Country Tours Experience a journey through multiple destinations with expertly curated itineraries that connect you to the best each country has to offer. Explore Tour Marvels of Turkey and Greece Discover the marvels of Turkey and Greece with our immersive travel experience. from $ 2500 17 Days - 2 Countries View Trip 8-Day Road from Petra to Cairo Enjoy one of the best Jordan and Egypt combined tours, including the highlights of Jordan & Egypt, starting in Amman and Petra and end your tour in Cairo to see the beauty of the history in 8 days only. You will see the amazing Roman monuments in Jordan. Starting by the town of Madaba, Mt Nebo, floating in the Dead Sea, then Flying to Egypt to adventure your Cairo sightseeing tour and More. from $ 1245 8 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Egypt and Petra Tour A unique experience takes you back through history in 7 days, starting with Egypt touCaring iro with its ancient sightseeing before heading to Jordan to see the legendary 'Red-Rose City' of Petra and other sights. from $ 1085 7 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Best Tour of Egypt and Jordan See the best that Jordan and Egypt has to offer. Explore Cairo, have a Nile River cruise and relax in Sharm El Sheikh before ending the trip with visiting the legendary rose-red city of Petra and the Dead Sea in Jordan. Choose your best travel itinerary and know more about the history starting from Cairo. from $ 3690 14 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Best Tour of Egypt and Dubai Visit Egypt and Dubai. See the most important spots in Egypt like Cairo, Aswan, Luxor and more. In Dubai, explore the modern Dubai, Burj Khalifa and more. from $ 3250 12 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Best Tour of Turkey and Greece Enjoy an amazing Turkey and Greece Tours for 9 Days Visiting ​Istanbul, Athens and more. Discover the Blue Mosque, Topkapi Palace, and more with Multi Country Trips in Memphis Tours. from $ 1595 9 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Best Tour of Egypt and Kenya The Beauty of Egypt and Kenya Tours brings you up close and personal with some of historical sights in egypt and nature's mighty beasts in africa. from $ 6720 15 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Taste of Egypt and Dubai Book your 8-Day Dubai and Egypt Tours and enjoy a mixture of history and modernity while visiting both Cairo and Dubai. Combine the incredible architecture of modern Dubai and Abu Dhabi. from $ 1070 8 Days  - 2 Countries View Trip Grand Tour of Egypt and Morocco Have a chance to enjoy the best cities of  Egypt and Morocco. Start your trip with the fascinating ancient life by visiting Cairo and finally take a nile cruise to visit Luxor and Aswan. Then fly to Morocco to enjoy the top four cities Casablanca, Rabat, Fez and Marrakesh. from $ 3465 15 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Classic Egypt and Jordan Tour An unusual trip through history to explore the mysterious greatness of the pharaohs whilst sailing along the Nile Valley in Egypt, then move to see the magnificent monuments in Jordan from Amman to Petra. Get your itinerary and enjoy your tour to Egypt Jordan. from $ 2585 12 Days - 2 Countries View Trip Top Deals Grab the top travel deals — explore more and spend less on your next adventure! 14 Days Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia Tour Explore the wonders of a previously unexplored period of history; Indochina. Embark on an unforgettable journey through the captivating landscapes and rich cultures of Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. This 14-day adventure unveils the vibrant spirit of Southeast Asia, from the bustling streets of Hanoi to the serene temples of Angkor Wat. Save your spot and book right away! from $ 2385 14 Days - 3 Countries View Trip Trip to Egypt: Pyramids & Nile by Air Combine the rich heritage of Cairo with a magical 5-day Nile cruise on this Egypt vacation package—a must for any lover of history. Follow the path of the pharaohs in Cairo, then fly continue the path in Luxor, and Aswan. from $ 2015 8 Days - 1 Country View Trip Turkey Trip Package Surf Turkey Group Tours with Splendors of Turkey in 10 Days. Visit Istanbul, Ephesus and more. Explore Major attractions like Grand Bazaar, Underground City, and more with Memphis Tours. from $ 2259 10 Day   - 1 Country View Trip MS Salacia Nile cruise Salacia, one of the best Nile River cruises, offers you a unique experience cruising on the Nile with high quality of service & accommodation. Salacia Nile cruise offers 3 and 4 nights itineraries in which you will explore the wonders of Egypt. from $ 797 4 Days Aswan / Luxor - 1 Country View Trip Cairo, Nile Cruise & Red Sea Over Xmas & NY Celebrate Christmas in Egypt and the New Year with this Cairo, Nile Cruise and Red Sea 10-day tour package that brings you to all of the most exciting, awe-inspiring, and relaxing places in Egypt. Leave your worries behind and enjoy Egypt. from $ 2965 10 Days - 1 Country View Trip Magical Nile Cruise Vacation Over Christmas & New Year Experience a memorable Christmas and New Year vacation in Egypt on this 4-day Aswan Luxor Nile Cruise tour with a unique opportunity to discover all historical sites along the Nile. Leave your worries behind and enjoy Egypt. from $ 1419 4 Days - 1 Country View Trip Egypt & Morocco Spain & Turkey Oman & Jordan Customize Your Trip From Scratch Design every detail of your journey, from destinations and activities to accommodations, to create a uniquely yours travel experience. Plan Your Trip Our Travel Journal Explore our curated travel blogs to Stay updated with the latest travel tips, destination guides, and insider stories! Festivals Top 13 Christmas Places and Vacation Ideas Boost your Christmas Thrill with ideas for unmissable vacations and Places around the world! From NYC to Moscow crossing Europe, Get your full Guide for the Best 2023 Christmas vacation! Attractions The Ultimate Travel Guide to Nubian Village in Egypt Near the town of Aswan, are the foremost colorful and feel good villages of the whole country. The Nubian Villages are painted all told the colours Activities 10 Best Things to Do in Italy Italy is one of the top 5 visited countries in the world. Let us dive into this beautiful country and explore the various activities to participate in while in Italy. Destinations 7 Best Cities to Explore on Bike Sightseeing by cycle is the ideal way to get to know a city and discover its local culture and bond with its people. You can simply explore the city at your own pace a See all Blogs Our Travelers Testimonials See how we’ve made every journey exceptional — straight from those who’ve traveled with us. 1737 Reviews 4.96 It was amazing. The staff was amazing. The food was superb. The guide was very helpful. Liam The boat was very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this tour to anyone looking to explore Egypt. John Williams Great Experience good experience. Molly good experience WOW! The Treasures of Egypt tour was an absolutely amazing experience that left me speechless. Our guide was fantastic, the accommodations and meals were fantastic, and the Nile River cruise was unforgettable. The locals were incredibly friendly and we made great friends in our tour group. I highly recommend this tour to anyone looking for an inspiring adventure. Evans Highly recommend this tour to anyone looking for an inspiring adventure. The Treasures of Egypt tour was an incredible experience that exceeded our expectations. We visited iconic sites, enjoyed comfortable accommodations, delicious meals, and a Nile River cruise. I highly recommend this tour to anyone interested in exploring the rich history and culture of Egypt. K. Louis Iconic sites, enjoyed comfortable accommodations & delicious meals Our family recently took the Treasures of Egypt tour and it was the trip of a lifetime! We were blown away by the ancient wonders of Egypt, from the Pyramids of Giza to the temples of Luxor and Karnak. Our guide was fantastic and made the experience even more fascinating for all of us. THANK YOU MEMPHIS TOURS! Karen Thank you Memphis Tours for this Family trip The whole tour was out of this world and it was so humbling. Every day was well organized we didn't experience any issues. Jess Exceeded our expectations Very detailed history got to most sites - weather was so great also our guides were great. Marline Great Tour and Amazing Guide Great guides, great countries. Never imagined that Jordan is so magical. I really really really loved it. I and my girlfriends went on this trip alone. Traveling with Memphis was very safe for us. Olivia Safe travel The trip was super great. Personally, I really enjoyed Morocco. There was this place called "Café Maure" it overlooks the “Abouregrag” River, We had tea with mint there and the view was amazing. Michael Miller Super Great Trip Google 4.5/5 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ TripAdvisor 4.9/5 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Feefo 5/5 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Privacy Policy Contact Us Why Memphis Tours Responsible Travel Terms & Conditions Welcome to Encore Rewards Careers Become a Partner Memphis Tours MICE Experts Health Tips When it Comes to Traveling Trustpilot © 2025 Copyright to MEMPHIS TOURS