The University of Memphis Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Apply Visit Events News Give umMail MyMemphis Search Search Search MENU | Search Search Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Graduate UofM - Lambuth UofM Global - Online Transfer Dual Enrollment International Law School Financial Aid Academics Colleges and Schools Undergraduate Catalog Graduate Catalog Online Programs Student Academic Success Honors College Academic Calendar Libraries Research & Innovation Campus Life Student Affairs Career Services Athletics Housing & Residence Life Campus Dining Student Engagement Campus Recreation TigerZone - Student Events About Us About the UofM Office of the President University Governance UofM Newsroom City of Memphis Contact Us Contact the UofM Apply Visit Events News Give umMail MyMemphis You'd look great in Tiger Blue! Begin Your Future > Find Your Degree Program Your future is here. Search from our list of more than 230 areas of study to learn
                        more about what the University of Memphis has to offer and find your future as a Tiger. Search Search Undergraduate Majors Graduate Programs Online Degrees Ascending to Excellence A Tennessee flagship institution Apply 230+ Areas of Study 88 Countries Represented by Student Body 16:1 Student-to-Faculty ratio 700+ Scholarships Student Success Research News Student Success University of Memphis Fall 2025 Commencement The University of Memphis will watch 2,189 students walk the stage at FedExForum on
                                 Saturday, Dec. 13, for its fall commencement. This includes 485 graduates from the
                                 August commencement. Of the degrees being awarded, 1,350 are bachelor’s, 600 master’s,
                                 138 graduate certificates, 97 doctorates and four (4) juris doctorates. Read more Research Beetle Believed to be Extinct Rediscovered by UofM Researchers University of Memphis Professor Dr. Duane McKenna and doctoral candidate Michael Charles
                                    have announced the rediscovery of the greater chestnut weevil, a species of beetle
                                    that was believed to have gone extinct with the near extinction of the American chestnut
                                    tree due to introduced plant pathogens in the early 20th century. The last known observation
                                    of the weevil, according to Charles, was in 1997. Read More News University Schools Launches Pilot Early Childhood Program with Le Bonheur Children’s
                                 Hospital University Schools at the University of Memphis has started a new partnership with
                                 Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare (MLH), an early childhood pilot program inside Le
                                 Bonheur Children’s Hospital. Children in the program, ages 3-4, will become students
                                 of the district’s Barbara K. Lipman Early Learning and Research Center (ELRC). Read More Welcome to Memphis! College isn't just about what happens on campus — it's about the experiences you gain
                           by being part of a vibrant, dynamic city. From arts to music to food to entertainment,
                           our city has it all. Explore Memphis Upcoming Events View All Events Dec 24 Winter Break - Campus Closed Dec 30 Winter Break | Campus Closed Dec 31 Winter Break | Campus Closed 3720 Alumni Ave, Memphis, TN 38152 Phone: (901) 678-2000 Resources Academic Calendars Canvas Campus Maps ITS Support Police Services Info Accreditation Alumni Directory Equal Opportunity Jobs Follow UofM Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Copyright © 2025 The University of Memphis Privacy Policy Important Notice Web Accessibility Assistance ©