This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Legal page.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Docs
Join the community
Contact us
Log in
Why Mender
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Customers & Partners
Engineers
Try for free
Over-the-Air Software Updates for IoT Devices

From startups to large organizations, Mender provides secure and reliable remote updates for connected devices at any scale

Try for free
How it works
End-to-end OTA solution
Deploy and manage with confidence

Mender provides a complete over-the-air (OTA) update infrastructure for developers and support teams. Whether in the field or the factory, remotely and easily manage device software without the need for manual labor.

Update without the risk of bricking devices. Robust in the face of limited bandwidth, unstable connectivity or power loss. Advanced scheduling for safe deployment to large device fleets. Secure and verified to standards, at every step.

Explore features

 

Built for developers
Seamlessly integrate to your development workflow

Mender works with real-time operating systems (RTOS), like Zephyr, and any Linux-based OS. Cross-compatible and 100% API driven, easily integrate Mender into your existing CI/CD pipeline.

Get started tutorial
Update all device software

Update full images, applications, files, containers, bootloaders and more. You can even target peripherals like microcontrollers or sensors.

How Mender works
Supported devices

Official and community-supported board integrations for many different devices and operating systems, including Zephyr Project, Debian family and Yocto Project integrations.

Learn more

POST /deployments

{
  "name": "production",
|
Designed for enterprises
Spend more time innovating for your business and users

Benefit from industry best practices in security and risk mitigation, while spending your time where it matters.

Why businesses choose Mender 

Focus on your product

Mender's best-of-breed update solution lets you focus resources on your product, instead of building your own OTA infrastructure from scratch.

End-to-end security

Mender's security-by-design principle ensures each step is verified and authorized. Keep your devices secured and compliant with corporate IoT security standards.

Avoid lock-in

Mender's focus on integration, not platform, as well as our Open Source edition means you are never locked-in to a single provider.

End-user satisfaction

Provide the latest bugfixes, features and services to your users. Fast and frequent updates help your brand stay competitive.

Global scale
Securing the world's connected devices

Mender is trusted by innovative startups and the largest enterprises. We partner with the world's leading brands to promote remote software management for device fleets across the globe.

15+
of Fortune 100 companies use Mender
2000+
devices per month saved from failed updates
64+
countries where customers' devices are connected to Mender
10/10
rated by users on G2 for Quality of Support
 
Customer stories
Transportation
Medical
Smart energy
Manufacturing
Consumer

Veo uses Mender to deploy frequent and safe updates to their AI-based cameras that enable advanced athlete performance analysis.

Read the article

MacGregor uses Mender to deliver improved functionality of software to customers, within the bandwidth and connectivity constraints of a maritime environment.

Read the case study

Clinomic brings advanced medical consultation to ICU patients at the outer regions of Europe with Mender.

Read the article

Northvolt keeps its entire battery system fleet, both in the field and in factories, secure and up-to-dated with Mender.

Read the case study

Schindler uses Mender to manage and optimize their global fleet of smart elevators and moving walkway services.

Read the article

Veo uses Mender to deploy frequent and safe updates to their AI-based cameras that enable advanced athlete performance analysis.

Read the article

MacGregor uses Mender to deliver improved functionality of software to customers, within the bandwidth and connectivity constraints of a maritime environment.

Read the case study

Clinomic brings advanced medical consultation to ICU patients at the outer regions of Europe with Mender.

Read the article

Northvolt keeps its entire battery system fleet, both in the field and in factories, secure and up-to-dated with Mender.

Read the case study

Schindler uses Mender to manage and optimize their global fleet of smart elevators and moving walkway services.

Read the article

Veo uses Mender to deploy frequent and safe updates to their AI-based cameras that enable advanced athlete performance analysis.

Read the article
Ready to get started?

Try Mender by signing up and connecting up to 10 devices free for the first 12 months - no credit card required! You can also contact us to discuss how Mender can work with your project.

Try it for free
Contact us
 
Choose your plan

From small teams to large enterprises, Mender has a plan to suit you.

Pricing plans
Get Started tutorial

Quickly get up and running with Mender, and deploy your first OTA update.

Follow the tutorial
ABOUT MENDER
Plans
Features
Extras
Our Customers
Our Partners
ENGINEERS
Mender Hub Forum
Documentation
API Documentation
Github
How Mender Works
RESOURCES
Resource Center
Reports & Guides
Ebooks
Videos
Mender Blog
GETTING STARTED
Sign Up for Free
Raspberry Pi Quickstart
Tutorials
CONTACT
Contact Us
Support
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Email*

By signing up, you agree to your email address being stored and used to receive newsletters about Mender. We use tracking in our newsletter emails to improve our marketing content.

Mender is developed and maintained by Northern.tech.

Careers
Legal
Privacy Policy
|
© 2025 Northern.tech
Cookie Settings