Skip to main content
Pricing
Features
Search
Sign In
Get Mendeley for free
The free all-in-one reference manager
Mendeley helps you stay organized, do more in less time, and bring ease to your research workflow.
Download for MacOS
or 
Get started on Mendeley Web
Opens in a new window
Enjoy 2GB of free storage
Add papers straight from your desktop. Generate references. Sync your research. Effortlessly.
Advanced knowledge at speed
Like a research assistant that knows your library inside out, AI quickly finds what you need.
Trusted by millions of researchers
Researchers and students worldwide use Mendeley to simplify, organize, analyze and cite.
Let AI connect the dots
Uncover patterns, relationships and missing links across your references — quickly.
AI in Mendeley interprets the logic behind your queries, pulling context-rich insights from your documents.
Choose the plan that's right for you
Reference management made simple
Add PDFs to your library in seconds, organize with collections and tags, then read, highlight and annotate — all from one place.
See what else you can do
From first addition to final submission
Because behind every great discovery is a well-managed library
Claim your 2GB of storage — it’s free
Stay informed with our latest news
Mendeley Desktop is here to stay.
We previously announced that Mendeley Desktop would no longer be available for new downloads and installations (more details here). Many of you told us how much you love Mendeley Desktop and were not ready to make the switch to the new Mendeley Reference Manager yet. We want to assure you that Mendeley Desktop is here to stay. Although…
Read more
Opens in a new window
Experience a Seamless Mendeley: Faster and Bug-Free
Mendeley Web Importer is better than ever. We know how frustrating it can be when you’re trying to use an application, and things don’t go as planned. Unexpected errors and sign-in issues can throw off your entire flow. Which is why we’ve been hard at work to ensure that our users are met with a
Read more
Opens in a new window
Real-Time Sync is now in Mendeley Cite!
Real-time sync is now in Mendeley Cite! Users no longer have to manually sync their Mendeley Reference Manager library with their Mendeley Cite library to view their newly imported references. Development of the new feature began earlier this year, with gradual updates being implemented over time. Users may have noticed that, in the summer, the
Read more
Opens in a new window
Get Mendeley
Mendeley for your desktop
Mendeley for Microsoft Word
Mendeley for your browser
Pricing
Datasets
Support
Guides
Support Center
Release Notes
Developers
Responsibility Sharing
About Us
Blog
Advisor Community
Accessibility Statement
AI Statement
Copyright
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies.

Cookies settings

All content on this site: Copyright © 2025 Elsevier.com, its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the relevant licensing terms apply.

We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. You can manage your cookie preferences using theCookies settings link. For more information, see ourCookie Policy
Cookies settings
Accept all cookies