Make Every Browser an Enterprise Browser | Menlo Security Menlo Security Now Leverages Gemini AI for Advanced Phishing and Ransomware Prevention Read Blog Products Product Overview File Security Remote Access Secure Enterprise Browser Threat Prevention Tours and Demos Solutions Browser SSE Browsing Visibility BYOD Security File Security Capabilities Compliance Solutions Evasive Ransomware Generative AI Securing Federal Agencies VDI Reduction VPN Replacement Zero Trust Access Zero Day Phishing Ecosystem Resources Blog Menlo Labs On-Demand Webinars Resource Library VDI Savings Calculator Webinars and Events About About Us Careers Contact Us Customers Leadership Life at Menlo News Partners / Resellers Press Support Tech Partners Trust Center Pricing English English 日本語 한국어 Deutsch Schedule Demo Make Any Browser a Secure Enterprise Browser Provide secure, seamless application access anytime, anywhere. Block phishing, ransomware, and zero-day threats before they ever reach your network. Product Overview Pricing Watch now Menlo Security Acquires Votiro to Deliver Easy, AI-driven Data Security to Enterprises Learn More Most Enterprise Work Takes Place in the Browser. Secure It . Menlo Makes Any Browser a Secure Enterprise Browser Menlo Security has been the leader in Browser Security for over a decade, offering the only Cloud-delivered Browser Security Solution. Menlo transforms any browser into a Secure Enterprise Browser by creating a hardened digital twin of the user's local browser in the cloud, so your users can access the Internet, use GenAI apps, open files, and access applications from any device and any browser with confidence. Best of all, there are no new browser installs or software changes to manage. Eliminate Zero-Day Phishing and Evasive Ransomware. Period. Stop threats cold in the cloud, before they ever reach your network or endpoints Menlo Protect HEAT Shield AI prevents zero-day exploits and highly evasive threats from ever reaching the endpoint or penetrating the network. In the Menlo Cloud, we execute all web traffic inside a hardened digital twin of the user’s browser and use AI-powered, on-click inspection to stop even the most sophisticated attacks designed to bypass network and endpoint security tools, all within your organization’s browsers of choice. These protections are more vital than ever, as attackers are increasingly adopting the adversarial use of AI to come up with new or dramatically adapted threats. The result is safe, high-fidelity browsing and fully functional, sanitized files, all with no software or infrastructure changes required. Product Overview Tour the Product Security is about enabling productivity in a safe, secure manner. Menlo gives us the comfort that we’re always protected, no matter where, when, or how we work. ‍ Alex Ooi, Chief Information Security Officer, DNB Read Customer Case Study ZTNA For All Devices Easy to deploy, clientless secure access for managed and unmanaged devices Eliminate the risks of legacy VPNs and the cost and complexity of VDI with Menlo Secure Application Access (SAA) Menlo SAA is a cloud-delivered zero-trust solution that makes access effortless and safe for your hybrid workforce. Because unmanaged devices are often unknown and unsecured endpoints on your network, they represent a critical vulnerability. Menlo SAA removes this risk entirely by acting as a protective shield, ensuring that an unmanaged or compromised user device can never infect an enterprise application. By eliminating VPN risks and VDI complexity, SAA is easy to deploy, protects sensitive data, and delivers a superior, high-performance user experience right through any browser—with no client software. Secure Remote Access Overview Tour the Product Menlo File Security Wipes Out File-Borne Threats Current file security tools force a critical trade-off: block workspace productivity to prevent threats, or trust that detection alone will stop malware from entering in the first place. This is unacceptable for modern, file-reliant workflows. Menlo File Security delivers defense-in-depth by incorporating next-gen Content Disarm and Reconstruction (CDR), antivirus, hash check, and sandboxing. Going beyond traditional CDR tools that simply scan for known threats, our patented Positive Selection® technology assumes all files are malicious, immediately detecting, dissecting, and reconstructing a new, clean file using only components guaranteed to be safe. This process eliminates evasive malware, ransomware, and zero-day file exploits (even those hidden in archives or password-protected files) while ensuring the final document retains all formatting and functionality. With Menlo, users safely click, download, upload, and share without delay. Learn More About File Security Tour the Product Menlo Security Is the Only Enterprise Browser Company to Be Named a Leader and Outperformer in the GigaOm Radar Report for Zero-Trust Network Access (ZTNA) Read Report How Menlo Customers Are Enabling the Modern Enterprise Workspace VPN Replacement The clientless, cloud-native path to retiring your vulnerable VPN. VPN Replacement Zero Trust Access Deliver zero-trust through standard browsers with zero infrastructure changes, removing the high cost and complexity of legacy ZTNA. Zero Trust Access VDI Reduction Eliminate the cost, complexity and performance issues of VDI with a streamlined, cloud delivered solution that secures access for alll users and devices with no infrastructure overhaul VDI Reduction BYOD Security Enable agentless secure access to SaaS and private apps for unmanaged devices while ensuring compromised endpoints never reach your apps, files, or data BYOD Security Zero-Day Phishing Go beyond traditional signatures-based detection and protect against unknown phishing attacks targeting the browser with real-time, AI-powered threat prevention. Phishing Prevention Evasive Ransomware Stop polymorphic  ransomware  in the cloud before it ever reaches your devices or penetrates your network perimeter. Evasive Ransomware Browsing Visibility Gain unprecedented visibility into browser sessions for fast incident resolution, threat hunting, audit/compliance, and more. Browsing Visibility Generative AI Governance Enable safe access to generative AI platforms while protecting enterprise data and intellectual property. Generative AI Governance File Security Stop file-borne threats that go beyond the browser, including web downloads, portal uploads, and email attachments. File Security Federal and Government Agencies Use zero trust security to isolate your people and data from threats while providing fast, secure access to apps. Government Agency Security Browser Security Service Edge (SSE) All that you expect from SSE with lower cost and complexity,  plus browser security. Browser SSE See How Menlo Security Protects You Take a self-guided tour to see how Menlo blocks attacks, secures apps, and provides browsing insight. Product Demos and Tours the foundation of menlo security The Menlo Cloud The complete browser security solution for every browser in your enterprise The foundation of our architecture is our cloud-based secure digital twin browser that can support virtually any desktop or mobile browser, protecting your organization from web-borne threats and securing your internal web based applications by transforming every browser in your organization into a Secure Enterprise Browser. With Menlo, you don't have to deploy a replacement browser with design compromises that break modern, complex web apps, and you can take full advantage of the rapidly expanding Gen AI capabilities in your choice of mainstream browser. Learn More The Pioneer of Browser Security Cloud based browser security is an evolution from remote browser isolation technology that some vendors are just now adding to their security offerings. Menlo Security creates a secure digital twin of a user's local browser on the fly. Because the browser has been our sole focus, we are able to deliver a solution that offers all the security you want with the performance and familiarity that users require. Menlo Products Trusted by Your Peers Backed by Gartner Peer Insights, discover why enterprise leaders choose Menlo Security, with verified reviews from top organizations. Join the Conversation "Menlo's Crucial Role in Securing Remote Workforce Amid Pandemic" Enterprise Security Engineer Industry: Construction Firm Size:1B - 3B USD See Full Review "Menlo Secure Cloud Browser's Praise-Worthy Approach Towards Internet Safety" Chief Information Security Officer Industry:Healthcare and Biotech Firm Size:250M - 500M USD See Full Review "Achieving Secure Collaboration with Menlo Security" Security Architecture Industry: Software Firm Size:1B - 3B USD See Full Review "Smooth Implementation and Effective Support of New Proxy for more Security" Senior Network and Security Expert Industry: Healthcare and Biotech Firm Size:30B + USD See Full Review "Menlo's Secure Cloud Browser: A Critical Tool in Advanced Threat Protection" Cyber Defence Architect Industry: Banking Firm Size: 30B + USD See Full Review "Website Activity Security: Menlo Offers Insight on User Browsing" Senior Vice President Industry: Banking Firm Size: 50M - 250M USD See Full Review "Overcoming Web Risks: The Role of Remote Browser Isolation" CISO Industry: Government Gov't/PS/ED <5,000 Employees See Full Review "Distributed Workforces Benefit from Menlo Secure Cloud Browser's Centralized Management" TBM Industry: Manufacturing Firm Size: 500M - 1B USD See Full Review "Menlo's Robust Cybersecurity Solution for Web and Email Access" Technology Consultant Industry: IT Services Firm Size: 50M - 250M USD See Full Review "Website Activity Security: Menlo Offers Insight on User Browsing" Senior Vice President Industry: Banking Firm Size: 50M - 250M USD See Full Review "Overcoming Web Risks: The Role of Remote Browser Isolation" CISO Industry: Government Gov't/PS/ED <5,000 Employees See Full Review "Distributed Workforces Benefit from Menlo Secure Cloud Browser's Centralized Management" TBM Industry: Manufacturing Firm Size: 500M - 1B USD See Full Review "Highly evasive threats are growing as threat actors evolve how they deploy phishing and malware attacks. Tools like Menlo Security’s browser security solution, including their HEAT Shield, can help to combat cyber threat vectors for the world’s top financial institutions, governments and leading enterprises." Michael Urciuoli Chief Information Officer "Menlo Security is the easiest way for us to analyze malicious URLs and combat HEAT (Highly Evasive Adaptive Threats) as we conduct our investigations and research. It has been a good solution for us when it comes to our incident response especially as we investigate hundreds of threats every day. With Menlo, we can easily detect malicious URLs leading to faster threat detection response. Menlo allows us to provide our analysts with a risk-free internet experience without impacting user performance." Joy Luville Mahinay Security Operations Manager "Menlo gives us full visibility inside the browser allowing me to detect and block highly evasive threats targeting my users. Before Menlo Security we didn’t know our users were being targeted with evasive web threats until it was too late. Menlo Security now provides us with visibility into the browser allowing us to completely remove the malware problem from web and email links. Menlo allows us to provide users with a risk-free internet experience without impacting user performance." Christopher Fong VP, Cybersecurity & Compliance "Menlo gives us full visibility inside the browser, allowing me to detect and block highly evasive threats targeting my users." Ang Shun Lie Terence Service Delivery Manager "We know we need to protect our network from emerging attacks and threats targeting the web browser. We are seeing highly evasive threats as a concerning and growing tactic amongst threat actors, and solutions like HEAT Shield can dynamically block these attacks, even if they are zero hour, keeping our endpoints safe." Greg Pastor Director of Information Security "The solution prevents all web and email security threats before they enter our network. The main difference with the on-premise proxy was that we were heavily dependent on signatures, web categorization, and filtering. We have seen a decrease in the number of security alerts that our security ops team has to follow up on. Menlo provides a periodic report, which we can check on a regular basis. The report gives me confidence that the websites that are supposed to be blocked are always blocked. It lessens the tasks of the personnel who are doing web monitoring, so they're able to do other things." Sir Jonathan Pineda Chief Information Security Officer "Menlo provides my users a risk-free internet experience with no noticeable difference to their browsing speed." Jeremy Ong Chief Information Officer Dive Deeper into Browser Security Report Menlo Named a Leader and Fast Mover in GigaOm Radar for Secure Enterprise Browsing Solution Brief Stop Zero-Day Phishing and Malware Attacks Video A "Replacement Browser" Isn't Saving Your Users from Zero-Day Phishing —Part One On-Demand Webinar Secure GenAI Inside the Enterprise While You Protect Against Adversarial Use Outside On-Demand Webinar Beyond Detection: Proactive Protection for Web Downloads and Malicious Links with Menlo Security-on-demand-webinar Report How AI Is Shaping the Modern Workspace Video What is Browser Security? (Video) Solution Brief Steps You Can Take Now to Counter GenAI Risks See More Resources Take the Next Step Contact Us Schedule a Demo See Pricing Products Browsing Forensics Data Loss Prevention File Security Remote Access Remote Browser Isolation Secure Enterprise Browser Threat Prevention Solutions Browser SSE Browsing Visibility BYOD Security Evasive Ransomware File Security Capabilities File Uploads Generative AI Securing Federal Agency VDI Reduction VPN Replacement Web Downloads Zero Trust Access Zero Day Phishing LEARN ABOUT Anti-Phishing Browser Posture Management Browser Security Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) Enterprise Browser HEAT Attacks Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) Security Service Edge (SSE) Secure Web Gateway (SWG) Zero Trust Policy Popular Links Menlo Pricing Schedule a Demo VDI Savings Calculator RESOURCES Blog Live Events and Webinars Menlo Labs News On-Demand Webinars Press Releases Resource Library Support Report a Vulnerability Support Portal Training & Certification About Menlo About Us Careers Contact Us Customers Leadership Life at Menlo Partners Technology Partners Trust Center Secure the Browser. Secure the Enterprise. English English 日本語 한국어 Deutsch © 2025 Menlo Security. All rights reserved. Terms Trust Center Modern Slavery Statement ask@menlosecurity.com (650) 695-0695 Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policy ×