Mention | Social listening & Media Monitoring tool Features Monitor Analyze Engage Use cases Brand management PR management Competitive analysis Crisis management Market research Social media management Pricing Resources Customer stories Educational Material Blog Help center Free tools Login Get a demo Start a free trial Features Features Monitor Track any topic on social media and the web and gain relevant insights instantly. 1 billion sources Real time monitoring Data up to 2 years Analyze Get the big picture on any topic, measure your impact with social listening metrics. Ready-to-use templates Sentiment analysis Share of voice Engage Interact with your community on social media and improve your reach and engagement. AI tools Sources & more ! Use cases Use cases Brand management Understand and improve your brand's reputation online by easily identifying everything that's being said about it on the web and social media. PR management Measure and analyze the impact of your press relations campaigns by tracking the results and reactions of your audience. Competitive analysis Monitor and strengthen your market position by tracking every move your competitors make. Crisis management Manage and reduce the effects of a brand crisis by identifying it at an early stage and interacting with those who are fuelling it. Market research Identify movements in a given market and anticipate the emergence of new technologies, regulatory changes or consumer behavior. Social media management Manage your social media effortlessly by easily scheduling, and publishing posts to multiple social channels. Sources & more ! Pricing Resources Resources Customer stories Delve into our Customer Stories to explore successes and experiences shared by our diverse user community. Educational Material Dive into our Educational Resources' hub—an extensive collection of valuable insights, guides, webinars, and courses. Blog Explore groundbreaking insights on social media, monitoring, and marketing strategies from top industry minds. Help center Empower yourself with insights and solutions! Explore our comprehensive hub designed to tackle all your queries and challenges. Free tools Discover our Free Tools section - a treasure trove of practical solutions and resources at your fingertips. Login Get a demo Start a free trial Agorapulse has acquired Mention Learn more Smarter decisions Without the guessing game Monitor the web, analyze online conversations, and manage your social media: all with one powerful tool. Get a demo Start a free trial Loved by marketers, agencies and founders all around the world Take a 4-minute tour of our product In just 4 minutes, take a tour of our product to discover its features and the benefits you can expect from using it. Get a demo Start a free trial Explore our amazing features Monitor Analyze Engage Gather relevant insights. Instantly. Gain full visibility into any topic, brand, or leading figure with our monitoring tool, which analyzes mentions from over 1 billion sources in real-time. Easy and intuitive query building Keyword-based and page-based monitoring alerts Valuable indicators like influence and sentiment Discover Monitor Get the big picture. Easily. Create insightful, auto-updating reports and dashboards in just a few clicks. Combine data from all sources to visualize the bigger picture and power quick strategic decisions. Comprehensive analytics such as reach, volume, sentiment, location, source, emotion and more. Over 10 templates based on your use case or fully customizable Instant visualizations of your tracked topics with charts, maps, and key numbers Discover Analyze Manage social media. Effectively. Curate, create, and schedule impactful social media content. Respond instantly to customers with all your social inboxes combined in one place. Content creation assistance: content curation, AI tools... Publish and respond on major social networks Collaborative features: approval workflow, content library... Discover Engage Discover our use cases Brand Management Understand and improve your brand's reputation online by easily identifying everything being said about it on the web and social media. Competitive Analysis Monitor and strengthen your market position by tracking every move your competitors make. Market Research Identify movements in your market and stay relevant to your audience by anticipating the emergence of new technologies, regulatory changes, or consumer behavior. Crisis Management Identify a brand crisis at an early stage and interact with those fueling it to manage and reduce its effects. PR Management Measure and analyze the impact of your press relations campaigns by tracking the results and reactions of your audience. Social Media Management Put your brand at the heart of every social media conversation by publishing content and interacting with your audience. What our customers say about Mention It comes down to trust. Mention was well known as the experts of media monitoring, so naturally, we went with them. We know we can use their tool and trust it 100%. Juliette Hervé Content Marketing Manager @Spendesk Mention is a crucial tool for shaping our offerings and pricing. Frankly, I consider it indispensable for running my business. Nathanael Rosidi CEO @StrataScratch We were contacted several times by one of Mention's competitors. There were a few differences, but overall, Mention achieved the same results. However, the price had nothing to do with it.... For me, Mention is the best value for money. Damien Haudrechy Social Media Manager @K•LINE The most important metric for us is being able to anticipate threats. We’re using some of Mention’s reporting tools to bring clients the information before they’ve seen it themselves. Lex Bearden Digital Content Manager @Calvert Street Group Mention allowed us to automate media monitoring and get real-time alerts whenever our brand was mentioned online. It saves us hours every week. Darby Wong CEO @Clerky Mention showed a spike in popularity among South Korean Instagram users. We quickly translated our ads to Korean, to target this new market. We would never have known about our Korean market without Mention’s analytics. Schöneck Shoaf Cofounder @1 Second Everyday The secret to your brand growth is right here Get a demo Start a free trial Platform Social Listening Social Publishing Media Monitoring Social Media Listening Social Media Management Competitive Analysis Web Monitoring Mention For Agencies Education Support What's New in Mention? Help Center Need to contact us? info@mention.com Marketing Resources Case studies Educational resources Blog The Instagram Report Social listening guide Media monitoring guide More Info About us Pricing Jobs Terms and Privacy Agorapulse Free Threads Tools Threads Post Generator Threads Bio Generator Free LinkedIn Tools LinkedIn Post Generator LinkedIn Summary Generator Free Facebook Tools Facebook Post Generator Facebook Bio Generator Free Instagram Tools Instagram Caption Generator Instagram Bio Generator Free Twitter Tools Twitter Engagement Calculator AI Tweet Generator Twitter Bio Generator Free TikTok Tools TikTok Caption Generator TikTok Bio Generator Languages: English Français ( French ) Languages: English French Mentions delivered ✌️