Skip to main content
Header menu
Get help
Donate
Our work
Get involved
Explore mental health
About us

Everyone deserves
good mental health

Today I want to:
Learn about mental health
Support someone with their mental health
Donate to the Mental Health Foundation
Get help for my mental health
Learn about Mental Health Awareness Week
Dropdown link
Explore
Highlights
What is the role of AI in supporting good mental health?
Blog
Brighton Half Marathon 2026
Event
Tackling mental health inequalities in the UK
Report
Our calls ahead of the Welsh Senedd 2026 election
Report
Help us deliver the gift we all deserve: good mental health

TV adverts tell us to relax and celebrate but often, this time brings anxiety, loneliness, and financial stress. Some of us are isolated or experiencing depression. Too many of us will again be wondering if next year will finally bring the support we need. But next year can be better.

Make a donation
Information and guidance
A-Z Topics
Find out more about specific mental health problems, and things that can have an effect on our mental health.
Learn more
How-to guides
In-depth how-to guides about a wide range of mental health problems, free to download and read.
Learn more
Looking after your mental health
We want everyone to live mentally healthy lives. Luckily, there is plenty of evidence for the things that can help.
Learn more
Supporting someone else with their mental health
You can do many things to help if someone you know is experiencing mental ill-health.
Learn more
For professionals
Helping someone with a mental health problem
Find out more
Mental health statistics
Explore the statistics
Resources for working with young people
Explore our resources
Support our work
Fundraise
Explore the range of active challenges available across the UK. Get fit and raise money for the Mental Health Foundation, at the same time.
Get involved
Donate
Your donation, however big or small, will help us achieve good mental health for all - not just for some.
Donate now
Participate
Our Personal Experience Network, OPEN, is a diverse online community of people who share their experience to inform what we do.
Join the community
Shop
Raise awareness for mental health by wearing the green ribbon or other Mental Health Foundation merchandise.
Shop now
Quick links
Get help
Explore mental health
A-Z topics
Publications
Contact us
Nations
England
Scotland
Wales
Northern Ireland
Social
Twitter / X
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Sign up for email updates
We’ll send you updates and information about our work and how you can support us.
Sign up

Home of Mental Health Awareness Week

Footer
Privacy Cookies Terms of use Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved Registered Charity No. England and Wales 801130 Scotland SC 039714 / Company Registration No. 2350846 VAT Number GB524451857 Registered with Fundraising Regulator
Cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie settings
Accept all cookies