AI-powered Customer Acquisition Platform by Mention Me Skip to content Platforms Referral Platform Referral Platform Tours Micro-Influencer Platform Creative Insights Why Outsource? Customers Fashion Finance & Insurance Food & Beverage Health & Beauty Travel & Hospitality Partnerships Integrations Become a Partner Resources Customer Stories Blog The Inner Circle Podcast Advocacy Live 2025 About About Mention Me Refer Us FAQ Careers Press Contact Us English German English German Platform Referral Platform Referral Platform Tours Micro-Influencer Platform Creative Insights Why outsource Customers Fashion Finance & Insurance Food & Beverage Health & Beauty Travel & Hospitality Partnerships Integrations Become a Partner Resources Customer Stories Events Blog The Inner Circle Podcast Advocacy Live 2025 About About Mention Me Refer Us FAQ Careers Press Contact Us The profitable growth engine powered by Tru-Promoters We find your strongest customer voices and amplify their authentic human influence, giving your brand relevance and control in an AI marketing world. Talk to an expert Our core solutions Mention Me Referral The world’s best AI-powered referral solution Attract high quality customers and boost lifetime value with the most complete referral platform on the market. Explore our Referral solution Mention Me INFLUENCER The end-to-end AI-first micro-influencer solution Discover hundreds of creators in minutes and make micro-influencer marketing simple, scalable, and smart. Explore our Influencer solution Mention Me CREATIVE INSIGHTs The visual ad creative intelligence solution Get instant clarity on which creatives drive results and why, so you can craft creative that performs. Explore our Creative Insights solution Turn real brand love into profitable growth Understand who your best customers are We help uncover your Tru-Promoters, those customers driving real profitable growth, so you can focus time and resources where it really counts. Amplify your authentic content Empower customers to create content that truly reflects their love for your brand which can be adapted across different channels to enhance reach and credibility. Improve your brand discoverability With consumers increasingly using AI search over Google—largely influenced by real human recommendations—we help drive more trusted referrals to ensure your brand appears where customers are actively looking. Optimise your paid ads Take back control of your paid marketing. Target customers who are more likely to convert using advocacy signals. Revealing what customers really care about Enough frustrating guesswork. See what customers really think about your brand and create more loyal fans through our rich customer insights. Measure your Tru-Promoter score Show the impact of your CX investment with a data-driven score between happy customers and lasting business success. Amplify performance across your marketing stack Seamlessly integrate referral data into your core customer platforms and drive engagement and loyalty through highly personalised omnichannel experiences. Find out how 23 % Increase in engagement rates 25 % Increase in repeat order rates 31 % Increase in VIP retention rates 90 % Increase in META ROAS Don’t take our word for it “Great expertise and super easy-to-use referral platform” By integrating referral data, we’ve changed how we segment and communicate to our customer base. It’s helped us identify who our biggest advocates and most loyal customers are, helping us to overcome rising paid media and acquisition costs. “Great expertise and super easy-to-use referral platform” By integrating referral data, we’ve changed how we segment and communicate to our customer base. It’s helped us identify who our biggest advocates and most loyal customers are, helping us to overcome rising paid media and acquisition costs. Case Study Hear from our customers Food & Drink “We’ve seen exceptional referral results in the six years we’ve been working with Mention Me.” Home & Garden “We wanted a flexible referral platform that delivered strong ROI with minimal resource – Mention Me ticks those boxes.” Sports & Leisure “With a fraction of budget, Mention Me's referral platform delivers strong revenue and invaluable insights.” Insurance “Mention Me was an easy choice. Our referral programme’s performance is constantly improving, it’s been a game changer.” Health & Beauty “I would definitely recommend Mention Me's referral platform. Everything is running very smoothly and it’s delivering amazing value for us.” Travel & Hospitality “It was quick and easy to integrate with Mention Me's referral platform and we started seeing results almost immediately.” Resources Resources to get you inspired EBOOK The psychology of referral Read the guide to discover the key psychological principles that affect your referral programme, as well as how you can successfully apply them to your campaigns. Learn more EBOOK How to Sell a Micro-Influencer Strategy Internal This guide equips you with targeted talking points, proof points, and a stakeholder-ready pitch framework to help you secure internal buy-in and successfully launch a high-performing micro-influencer program. Learn more RECORDINGS Mention Me Creative Insights In this eBook, you’ll learn how Mention Me Creative Insight removes guesswork from creative analytics, gives immediate suggestions for uplifts, and turns every ad into a winner. Learn more Discover more Stay in the know Subscribe to our blog and get monthly emails packed full of the latest marketing trends and tips ↑ Mention Me is an award-winning referral marketing platform that fuels business growth. Our world-class programmes have delivered more than 6 million referrals totalling $2 billion in revenue for 500+ brands around the globe. Learn More Why Mention Me Referral Engineering® 4 reasons to outsource Get to know us About Mention Me Resources FAQs Careers Talk to Sales Contact us The legal part Cookies Privacy Terms & Conditions Trust & Security Status © 2025 Mention Me Ltd. UK #08382730