Mental Health Foundation | Everyone deserves good mental health Skip to main content Header menu Get help Donate Toggle Search region Search Close Search Our work Research Programmes Policy and advocacy Public engagement Get involved Events & Challenges Image library Fundraising Mental Health Awareness Week Ways to donate Visit our shop Explore mental health Articles Statistics Stories A to Z topics Blog Publications About us Jobs News Our people Annual reports Media Centre Our prevention mission Menu Everyone deserves good mental health Today I want to: Learn about mental health Support someone with their mental health Donate to the Mental Health Foundation Get help for my mental health Learn about Mental Health Awareness Week Dropdown link Explore Highlights What is the role of AI in supporting good mental health? Blog Brighton Half Marathon 2026 Event Tackling mental health inequalities in the UK Report Our calls ahead of the Welsh Senedd 2026 election Report Help us deliver the gift we all deserve: good mental health TV adverts tell us to relax and celebrate but often, this time brings anxiety, loneliness, and financial stress. Some of us are isolated or experiencing depression. Too many of us will again be wondering if next year will finally bring the support we need. But next year can be better. Make a donation Information and guidance A-Z Topics Find out more about specific mental health problems, and things that can have an effect on our mental health. Learn more How-to guides In-depth how-to guides about a wide range of mental health problems, free to download and read. Learn more Looking after your mental health We want everyone to live mentally healthy lives. Luckily, there is plenty of evidence for the things that can help. Learn more Supporting someone else with their mental health You can do many things to help if someone you know is experiencing mental ill-health. Learn more For professionals Helping someone with a mental health problem Find out more Mental health statistics Explore the statistics Resources for working with young people Explore our resources Support our work Fundraise Explore the range of active challenges available across the UK. Get fit and raise money for the Mental Health Foundation, at the same time. Get involved Donate Your donation, however big or small, will help us achieve good mental health for all - not just for some. Donate now Participate Our Personal Experience Network, OPEN, is a diverse online community of people who share their experience to inform what we do. Join the community Shop Raise awareness for mental health by wearing the green ribbon or other Mental Health Foundation merchandise. Shop now Quick links Get help Explore mental health A-Z topics Publications Contact us Nations England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Social Twitter / X Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Sign up for email updates We’ll send you updates and information about our work and how you can support us. Sign up Home of Mental Health Awareness Week Mental Health Foundation. Mental Health Awareness Week Mental Health Foundation flag Footer Privacy Cookies Terms of use Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved Registered Charity No. England and Wales 801130 Scotland SC 039714 / Company Registration No. 2350846 VAT Number GB524451857 Registered with Fundraising Regulator Our work Research Mental health in Northern Ireland: Fundamental Facts OPEN - Our Personal Experience Network Research in England Research in Northern Ireland Research in Scotland Research in Wales The Foundation Reports: tackling mental health inequalities in the UK Programmes Later life programmes Programmes for families, children and young people Resources SITUATE project The MHF Young Leaders Together to Thrive U OK? Young Mums Connect Young Mums Together Refugee programmes Past programmes Programmes for adults Policy and advocacy Ending Scotland's public mental health emergency Mental Health Policy Group (MHPG) Our calls ahead of the Welsh Senedd 2026 election Public engagement Behind the Books Loneliness in Young People Mental Health Awareness Week Stand up Donate Stories about anxiety Support Mental Health Awareness Week 2026 What's Up with Everyone? Green ribbon Our work on men's mental health Suicide prevention World Mental Health Day Get involved Events & Challenges Image library Fundraising Fundraising at your school Fundraising tips and resources Tea & Talk for World Mental Health Day Thank you for signing up! Third party events terms and conditions Wear it Green Day Thanks Curry & Chaat Mental Health Awareness Week Ways to donate Celebrate your wedding by supporting good mental health for all Philanthropy Donate to the Mental Health Foundation Donate to support the Mental Health Foundation for Mental Health Awareness Week Help us break the cycle this Mental Health Awareness Week Leave a legacy Payroll Giving Shop with Give as you Live Use Savoo to Search, Save and Raise Visit our shop Explore mental health Articles Statistics Stories A to Z topics Blog Publications About us Jobs News Our people Annual reports Media Centre Our prevention mission