Merck Veterinary Manual honeypot link skip to main content MERCK MANUAL Veterinary Manual VETERINARY PROFESSIONALS PET OWNERS RESOURCES QUIZZES ABOUT VETERINARY PROFESSIONALS PET OWNERS New World Screwworm Sonja L Swiger PhD, MS, BS , Texas A&M AgriLife Extension ; New World screwworm, a serious zoonotic disease with potentially devastating consequences to livestock and to the human food supply, has appeared in Central America and Mexico. This parasite, endemic to South America, was previously eradicated from North America but has now reemerged as a significant threat to both animals and humans. Read more about the resurgence of this deadly pest. Read All Bloat in Ruminants Peter D. Constable BVSc (Hons), MS, PhD, DACVIM , College of Veterinary Medicine, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ; Bloat is an overdistention of the rumenoreticulum with the gases of fermentation, either in the form of a persistent foam mixed with the ruminal contents, called primary or frothy bloat, or... Read All Rift Valley Fever in Animals Peter N. Thompson BVSc, MMedVet, PhD , Department of Production Animal Studies, Faculty of Veterinary Science, University of Pretoria ; Rift Valley fever is a peracute or acute mosquito-borne zoonotic disease of domestic and wild ruminants, largely confined to sub-Saharan Africa but with high potential for wider transmission. It is characterized by abortions and neonatal mortality in ruminant animals. Diagnosis depends on histopathological examination of samples of the liver and identification of the virus in tissues. Effective vaccines are available. Read All Contagious Footrot in Sheep Evelyn MacKay DVM , Texas A&M University ; When there is invasion by Dichelobacter nodosus of interdigital dermatitis, contagious footrot results. Whereas in Australia, footrot is separated into benign or virulent categories,... Read All Previous Next Pet Owners Case Studies Clinical Calculators OTHER RESOURCES Medical Myths Avian Flu Common Pet Emergencies First Aid Kit Test Your Knowledge View All Avian Influenza Influenza A viruses are divided into 17 hemagglutinin subtypes (H1-16, H19). Which of the following subtypes is most likely to cause a highly pathogenic form of avian influenza in poultry? H1N1 H3N8 H5N1 H9N2 AM I CORRECT? Dog with anorexia, lethargy, and vomiting About Disclaimer Permissions Privacy Cookie Preferences Terms Of Use Partnerships Contact Us Human Health Manuals Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices © 2026 Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA and its affiliates. All rights reserved.