Online Business Banking For Startups & Small Businesses | Financial Workflows Mercury logo The logo for Mercury, featuring a circular emblem with abstract, interconnected swirling lines on the left, and the word "MERCURY" in clean, uppercase letters to the right. Products Banking Business Checking & Savings Treasury Business Credit Cards Working Capital Venture Debt Personal Banking Financial Ops Financial Workflows Bill Pay Invoicing Expense Management Accounting Automations SAFEs Platform Security API Perks Apps iOS App Opens in new tab Android App Opens in new tab Explore Demo Opens in new tab Solutions SaaS Ecommerce Agencies, Consultants & Firms VC Funds Crypto Accounting Firms Resources Meridian Stories to engage and explore the entrepreneurial imagination. Blog Practical resources, insights, and inspiration. Tools Free calculators, templates, and databases designed for entrepreneurs. Events In-person and virtual events to connect and learn. Help center Opens in new tab About Our Story Careers Contact Partnerships Pricing Log In Log In Open Account Mercury logo The logo for Mercury, featuring a circular emblem with abstract, interconnected swirling lines on the left, and the word "MERCURY" in clean, uppercase letters to the right. Log In Log In Open Account Open Menu Products Solutions Resources About Pricing Log In Log In Open Account Powerful banking. Simplified finances. Apply in 10 minutes for online business banking that transforms how you operate. Enter your email Open Account Open Account Contact Sales Mercury will occasionally send you emails with offers, news, and promotions. Check this box if you do not want to receive them. Opt out Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A., Members FDIC. Let banking power your financial operations Banking should do more for your business. Now, it can. Explore Demo Figure A, Mercury Figure A Mercury 01 Banking 02 Treasury 03 Cards and expense management 04 Bill pay 05 Invoicing 06 Accounting automations 07 Startup-friendly capital Speed without compromise Efficiently manage your banking and financial operations from a single dashboard. Complete any banking task in just a few clicks An operator’s dream. Mercury combines the speed, simplicity, and smarts that I need to get back to running my business. Search for data or actions, all at your fingertips. Lindsay Liu CEO & co-founder , Super Send and receive payments seamlessly Set auto-transfer rules and send free USD wires. Checking & Savings Unlock credit cards earlier with industry-low deposit minimums Unlimited 1.5% cashback on all spend. Explore Cards Bank with complete confidence FDIC insurance Regulated partners Fraud monitoring Account security Get up to 20× the industry standard in FDIC insurance through our partner banks and sweep networks. How Mercury Works Your deposits are held in your name in federally regulated accounts facilitated by our banking partners. How Mercury Works Our built-in fraud monitoring tools spot unusual activities and stop them in their tracks. Learn About Security Strong, industry-standard protocols keep your data safe and confidential. Learn About Security All your financial workflows. Zero complexity. With a Mercury account powering your banking and finances, you’re already in the flow. Handle all your bills with precision Explore Bill Pay Hold your money for longer by eliminating third-party processing Harness AI to populate bill details for you Set multi-layered approvals and approve payments instantly via Slack Never overpay with duplicate bill detection Seamless invoicing for you and your customers Explore Invoicing Generate polished invoices in minutes Get paid by credit card, Apple Pay, Google Pay, wire, ACH transfer, and ACH debit for subscribers Easily send recurring invoices and payment reminders Simplify reconciliation with automatically matched payments and invoices Control spend effortlessly at any size Manage Expenses Issue corporate cards and reimburse expenses Tailor permissions to each team member Lock cards to specific merchants Easily spot duplicate subscriptions Set company-wide spend policies in minutes Close the books quickly and accurately Explore Accounting Automations Sync transactions to QuickBooks, NetSuite, or Xero Let AI automatically code your transactions and expenses See all your bills, cards, employee expenses, and incoming transactions in one place Easily review transactions with in-line receipts and notes Your gateway to a longer runway Accelerate your growth with Mercury Treasury and financing options integrated directly with your account. Earn up to 3.93 % yield on your idle cash with portfolios powered by J.P. Morgan Asset Management and Morgan Stanley Start Earning with Treasury Fuel your growth with startup-friendly Venture Debt Grow with Venture Debt Speed up your fundraise with free SAFEs Create a SAFE Mercury enables over 200K startups of all sizes to operate at their highest level. Open Account Banking Business Checking & Savings Treasury Business Credit Cards Working Capital Venture Debt Personal Banking Platform Pricing Switch to Mercury Security API Perks Resources Help Center Meridian Blog Tools Events Business Formation Resources Peak Season Finance Ops Financial Workflows Bill Pay Invoicing Expense Management Accounting Automations SAFEs Solutions Ecommerce Agencies, Consultants & Firms SaaS VC Funds Crypto LLCs Life Science Accounting Firms Climate Real Estate & Construction Healthcare Services Account Open Account Log In iOS Android About How Mercury Works Our Story Careers Partnerships Contact Legal Privacy Policy Follow Us X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram TikTok Disclaimers and footnotes Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank . Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A. , Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank.