The Mercury News - Bay Area news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle and commentary Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 49°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Today's e-Edition Home Page News News Latest Headlines Crime and Public Safety California News National News World News Politics Education Environment Science Health Transportation Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sal Pizarro Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Opinion Editorials Opinion Columnists Letters to the Editor Commentary Cartoons Election Endorsements Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Raiders Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes Bay FC College Sports Wilner Hotline High School Sports Other Sports Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Golden State Valkyries Things To Do Entertainment Things To Do Restaurants, Food and Drink Celebrities TV Streaming Movies Music Theater Lifestyle Cannabis Advice Travel Pets and Animals Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Event Calendar Business Business Housing Economy Technology Best Reviews SiliconValley.com Marketplace Branded Content Partner Content BayArea.com Real Estate Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Advertise Log In Logout Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search The Mercury News 49°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Today's e-Edition News Local Sports Obituaries Things to Do Business Real Estate Opinion Marketplace e-Edition Trending: McCaffrey injured Spare the Air Alert 🏈Meet Zaileen Janmohamed ⚽ ‘Delete Act’ explained Lower PG&E bills? Remembering Erica Fox Featured Wind-battered Lick Observatory rushes to shield historic telescope after dome damage Pair of looming storms expected to dump 2 inches of rain atop Mount Hamilton. Related ‘Grateful’: Community rallies around North Bay family whose home was destroyed by fallen tree 23 hours ago California man was outside own home when falling branches killed him Christmas Eve 3 days ago Santa Clara County Assessor race: Neysa Fligor leads in early returns Barbecue and pastrami: San Jose restaurant reopens as Empire Armadillo Key deadlines in 2026 may bring complicated Oakland Coliseum sale to a head Bay Area Community Health looks to expand East San Jose clinic focused on underserved residents Latest Headlines San Jose man arrested on suspicion of attempted murder Sunday 1 hour ago 3 hikers found dead on California mountain amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say 8 minutes ago Discovery Channel star Chad Ollinger claimed cellmate he killed was pedophile 24 minutes ago Wife of Jill Biden’s ex-husband found dead after ‘domestic dispute’ call 20 minutes ago Woman who died after being swept into the ocean at Mendocino County beach ID’d 32 minutes ago Food trends going away in 2026: What diners are done with 30 minutes ago Could moving a WWII-era icon bolster visits to this East Bay city? 1 hour ago Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular Dear Abby: Under my husband’s new rule, I feel I have no money for myself Dear Abby: Under my husband's new rule, I feel I have no money for myself Dear Abby: Is there a fitting response other than walloping this clueless woman with a ham? Dear Abby: Is there a fitting response other than walloping this clueless woman with a ham? Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, 'shark band' on ankle Miss Manners: Questions about school give me the choice of sounding arrogant or lying Miss Manners: Questions about school give me the choice of sounding arrogant or lying Asking Eric: Should I keep giving the kids $50 like my mother used to do? Asking Eric: Should I keep giving the kids $50 like my mother used to do? Delete Act: How you can request your personal information be purged by data brokers in the New Year Delete Act: How you can request your personal information be purged by data brokers in the New Year Barbecue and pastrami: San Jose restaurant reopens as Empire Armadillo Barbecue and pastrami: San Jose restaurant reopens as Empire Armadillo Dear Abby: Am I overreacting about the news my husband hid from me? Dear Abby: Am I overreacting about the news my husband hid from me? Miss Manners: I find this Christmas carol quite troubling Miss Manners: I find this Christmas carol quite troubling Harriette Cole: Would it be foolish to quit my job and go on a game show? Harriette Cole: Would it be foolish to quit my job and go on a game show? Crime and Public Safety Shooting in East Bay kills one, injures another Police were called to the 1400 block of Rumrill Boulevard about 9:05 p.m. Monday. Man arrested, charged in hit-and-run death of Oakland bicyclist in 2024 Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations New California driving laws you should be aware of in 2026 Sports 49ers’ Christian McCaffrey battling injury ahead of Saturday showdown with Seattle Christian McCaffrey, Trent Williams, Keion White and Kyle Juszczyk are not practicing Tuesday ahead of the 49ers' regular-season finale against Seattle. Why Steph Curry is primed for New Year’s eve explosion against hometown Hornets Sharks again hit with injury bug before game against surging Minnesota Wild Macklin Celebrini’s Olympic dreams are coming true, per report Real Estate A new law requires a working fridge in all California apartments. Some landlords fought it Fridge-less apartments dotting the pricey California rental market will soon be a head-scratching relic. San Jose apartment complex bought for well over $300 million Did California finish 2025 with booming confidence? New law streamlines housing development process for California’s coastal universities Photos 2025: A look back at Bay Area images that made our year 2025: A look back at Bay Area images that made our year Local Color fosters community for San Jose artists Video: Why celebrities were at the 49ers game Sunday night A Bay Area couple turned their home into one of the most sustainable in the nation YMCA of Silicon Valley’s water safety program aims to help kids with autism Photo Highlights: San Francisco 49ers survive Bear scare Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle Show More Photos Asian Americans for Community Involvement gives Bay Area seniors a new lease on life Scientists are learning how noise affects Bay Area wildlife as they work to conserve wetland birds amid a roaring urban soundscape Photos: Santa Clara County’s Sheriff and Fire Department delivered toys to young patients for Christmas The ‘surfer’s paradox’ is that their boards can harm the oceans they cherish. A new process is helping to change that. Virtual reality opens doors for older people in South Bay retirement community to build closer connections in real life Things To Do Richard Smallwood, Grammy-nominated gospel superstar, dies at 77 Grammy-nominated gospel star Richard Smallwood, whose songs have been covered by the likes of Stevie... Isiah Whitlock Jr., star of ‘The Wire’ and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 Word Game: Dec. 31, 2025 Hugh Jackman’s hot chemistry with Kate Hudson causing problems at home: report Restaurants, Food and Drink New East Bay chai and street-food house juggles charcoal and kettles Chai & Co. serves strong spiced tea and crispy, smoky snacks tossed in a rainbow... Cheese balls are back. How to make this classic party dish cool again A New Year’s reset with a bowl of cioppino How to get a Michelin-starred three-course meal for $75 Opinion Opinion: Bay Area mayor has yet to fully apologize for antisemitic posts Rabbi says Richmond leader Eduardo Martinez is trying to shift the blame and make himself... Opinion: Health care in 2025 — chaos, costs and controversy without progress Granderson: Go ahead. Make parenting mistakes. Goldberg: Trump is getting weaker, and the resistance is getting stronger Business PG&E bills may finally drop in 2026 — but don’t expect a big break PG&E customers will be able to ring in 2026 with the prospect of lower monthly... Samsung’s first trifold phone is expensive and half-baked Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk Tesla broadcasts downbeat sales estimates in unusual move Celebrities Angelina Jolie excited to move away from America and Brad Pitt drama Jolie is reportedly looking to sell her family home in Los Angeles and move abroad,... Mel Gibson and much-younger girlfriend finally announce separation Tatiana Schlossberg dies at 35; environmental journalist was granddaughter of President John F. Kennedy George Clooney’s French citizenship stirs debate: ‘Good riddance’ or ‘good for him’ Housing San Jose: Single-family home sells for $1.1 million The property in the 13600 block of Emilie Drive in San Jose was sold on... The nine most expensive homes sold in Palo Alto the week of Nov. 24 Which were Oakland’s best home deals the week of Nov. 24? Danville, San Ramon, Dublin, Pleasanton: In the week of Nov. 24 best deals on homes Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Events News Alerts Email Newsletters Today’s e-Edition Mobile Apps Site Map Marketplace Place an Obituary Place a Real Estate Ad Lottery Contact Us Digital Access FAQ Join our Team Special Sections Sponsor a Group Get Sponsored Access Privacy Policy Accessibility Advertise With Us Network Advertising Daily Ads Place a Legal Notice Public Notices Subscribe Member Services Manage Subscriptions The Mercury News Store Archive Search Reprints Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group Close