Skip to content
All Sections
Subscribe Now
Home Page
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Transportation
Weather
Local
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Marketplace
Branded Content
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Real Estate
Branded Content
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
41°F
Monday, December 29th 2025

Today's e-Edition

News
Local
Sports
Obituaries
Things to Do
Business
Real Estate
Opinion
Marketplace
e-Edition

TRENDING:

49ers: Studs & Duds
SJ’s homeless plan
Remembering Dado Banatao
Seth Curry sidelined
Top 10 Bay Area stories
Love is on the shelves
BREAKING NEWS
49ers report card: Offense lights up scoreboard again vs. Bears, aided by playcalling
Featured
Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle
Erica Fox's husband and dozens of Kelp Krawlers swim club members and friends formed a solemn procession along the Lovers Point bluffs here, mirroring Fox's final swim.
Related
Suspected shark attack at Lovers Point occurred in time and place where large sharks come to feed 3 days ago
Kurtenbach: These unbelievable 49ers might just be a team of destiny
Cats, guns and ICE: 7 new California laws in 2026
YMCA of Silicon Valley’s water safety program aims to help kids with autism
How a Bay Area man lost $500,000 in savings to an elaborate scam on the rise
LATEST HEADLINES
San Jose bakery seeks public help following attack 2 hours ago
Quakes shake Northern California, San Ramon on Sunday 2 hours ago
This program gets homeless people into housing fast. Will it be one of the last? 14 minutes ago
Tough job market has people using dating apps to get interviews 2 minutes ago
Where to go whale watching on the Sonoma Coast 42 minutes ago
Federal judge dismisses indictment against California TikTok creator shot by ICE officer 45 minutes ago
Dad foils daughter’s Christmas kidnapping using phone’s parental controls 1 hour ago

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

SIGN UP
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle
Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, 'shark band' on ankle
Dear Abby: My husband thinks it’s funny to act this way. I just want to run away.
Dear Abby: My husband thinks it's funny to act this way. I just want to run away.
How a Bay Area man lost $500,000 in savings to an elaborate scam on the rise
How a Bay Area man lost $500,000 in savings to an elaborate scam on the rise
Miss Manners: I’m trying not to look like a weirdo when he hands me his phone
Miss Manners: I'm trying not to look like a weirdo when he hands me his phone
Dear Abby: Am I overreacting about the news my husband hid from me?
Dear Abby: Am I overreacting about the news my husband hid from me?
Asking Eric: They’ve gone off the rails with their wedding registry
Asking Eric: They've gone off the rails with their wedding registry
Kurtenbach: The playoffs start early with 49ers – Bears. My three predictions
Kurtenbach: The playoffs start early with 49ers - Bears. My three predictions
Dear Abby: Despite all my efforts, my rich and godly son remains unmarried
Dear Abby: Despite all my efforts, my rich and godly son remains unmarried
Omakase: The Bay Area experience in four restaurants
Omakase: The Bay Area experience in four restaurants
Harriette Cole: I feel like I’m chasing him, and that is so embarrassing
Harriette Cole: I feel like I'm chasing him, and that is so embarrassing
CRIME AND PUBLIC SAFETY
Discovery Channel reality star killed cellmate in Las Vegas jail: cops charge
A Discovery Channel reality star allegedly beat his cellmate to death in a Las Vegas jail and is now facing a murder charge, authorities said.
Woman shot in Oakland argument
Extradited Honduras man sentenced to prison in Berkeley fentanyl house bust
Bay Area man arrested in racist vandalism of youth basketball coach’s vehicle
SPORTS
Instant analysis of 49ers’ 42-38 win over Bears to keep alive bid for No. 1 seed
The 49ers rallied past the Chicago Bears for a 42-38 win Sunday night to possibly unseat Seattle next weekend for the NFC's No. 1 playoff seed.
Seth Curry sidelined by injury Warriors know well
Which Bay Area sports team is feeling best entering 2026? Here are our power rankings
49ers’ defense bends and bends, and finally breaks the Bears
REAL ESTATE
7-story apartment building approved in San Jose, adding 118 homes near Cupertino border
San Jose has approved permits for a seven-story, 118-unit housing complex at 1000 S. De Anza Blvd
How a group of investors wronged by Bay Area real estate mogul became ‘God’s answer to our own prayers’
Bankruptcy lawyers allege Bay Area real estate firm transferred millions of dollars to co-founder’s mother-in-law
Cisco sells San Jose office buildings but has option to buy them back
PHOTOS
Photo Highlights: San Francisco 49ers survive Bear scare
The San Francisco 49ers had a close 42-38 win over the NFC North-champion Chicago Bears on Sunday.
Asian Americans for Community Involvement gives Bay Area seniors a new lease on life
Scientists are learning how noise affects Bay Area wildlife as they work to conserve wetland birds amid a roaring urban soundscape
Photos: Santa Clara County’s Sheriff and Fire Department delivered toys to young patients for Christmas
The ‘surfer’s paradox’ is that their boards can harm the oceans they cherish. A new process is helping to change that.
Virtual reality opens doors for older people in South Bay retirement community to build closer connections in real life
Hawaii travelers, don’t sleep on Kauai
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
THINGS TO DO
Bay Area events calendar for Jan. 2-8 weekly editions
Here's a list of the region's entertaining, upcoming activities to enjoy.
Miss Manners: Nobody talks to you? Well, what did you expect?
Dear Abby: Under my husband’s new rule, I feel I have no money for myself
Today in History: December 29, Ghislaine Maxwell convicted
RESTAURANTS, FOOD AND DRINK
Wine is the gift to keep on giving in the New Year
Classes, festivals for oenophiles planned for 2026.
Ube matcha, Indian cuisine, fibermaxxing and other delicious dining trends for 2026
Sweet Hawaiian Roll Sliders, as seen on TikTok
Taste-Off: Sparkling ciders to toast the new year with — and those to toss
OPINION
Opinion: Mountain meadows should be a priority for California climate bond
These high-altitude, verdant wetlands improve water quality and storage, and also pull carbon out of...
Greene: New National Park fees show Trump’s contempt for Blacks and foreigners
Olson: AI is getting dangerously good at political persuasion
Goldberg: Candace Owens is the conservative movement’s Frankenstein monster
BUSINESS
‘Avatar’ and ‘Marty Supreme’ propel strong ticket sales to wrap a turbulent 2025 for Hollywood
Hollywood wrapped up a turbulent year with big ticket sales for "Avatar: Fire and Ash"...
Love is on the shelves of new Los Altos bookstore
From Columbus Park camps to boutique hotel, San Jose’s homeless plan is tested
The top 10 Bay Area stories of 2025 — and what they mean for 2026
CELEBRITIES
Former ‘South Park’ writer owns Trump Kennedy Center domain names
A comedy writer anticipating Trump's name being added to the Kennedy Center proactively bought domain...
Second actor sues Tyler Perry for sexual assault, seeking $77M
Chevy Chase spent 8 days in medically induced coma following 2021 heart failure
Gordon Ramsay’s daughter Holly weds Olympic swimmer Adam Peaty
HOUSING
For East Bay children exiting foster care, this nonprofit offers a critical lifeline
First Place for Youth is helping almost 700 young people each year, and with extraordinary...
Trump says ‘Housing First’ failed the homeless. Here’s what the evidence says.
Judge halts Trump administration plan to divert billions of dollars from homeless housing
South County Community Services helps those in need move from homelessness and hunger to hope
BEST REVIEWS
Add style to your bathroom with the best boho shower curtain
Shower curtains take up so much visual real estate, usually 72 by 72 inches, which...
Best Blue Diamond cookware
Best BenQ projector
Which wine opener should I buy?
Events
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group