Mercure | Midscale Hotels with a Locally Inspired Atmosphere Skip to main content This site requires javascript for full functionality. Please enable the javascript in your browser. Menu Destinations Back Continent Europe Asia Middle East South America Africa Pacific Our top destinations Paris Brussels London See all destinations Offers Local Travel Guide About Mercure Back Mercure Experience Discover what makes each Mercure hotel and stay unique Mercure Brand Connecting guests to their surroundings since 1973 Mercure Hotels Celebrates 1000 Addresses Join the 1000 hours celebration of local flavours worldwide New Openings & Refurbishments Check our new hotels openings to find out about all our latest refurbishments. Visit the website today. Vote Mercure Mercure Hotels have been nominated for Best Hotel Brand for Midscale Breaks at the British Travel Awards 2025. Mercure Store Loyalty Back Discover the program ALL PLUS Voyageur - Frequent travellers card ALL PLUS Voyageur - 20% or 15% or  guaranteed discount all year round DISCOVER NOW More EN Back Select your location and language below Geographical area Country/Region - Language Confirm my location and language EUR (€) Back Select your currency below Geographical area Currency Confirm my currency Destinations Back Continent Europe Asia Middle East South America Africa Pacific Our top destinations Paris Brussels London See all destinations Offers Local Travel Guide About Mercure Back Mercure Experience Discover what makes each Mercure hotel and stay unique Mercure Brand Connecting guests to their surroundings since 1973 Mercure Hotels Celebrates 1000 Addresses Join the 1000 hours celebration of local flavours worldwide New Openings & Refurbishments Check our new hotels openings to find out about all our latest refurbishments. Visit the website today. Vote Mercure Mercure Hotels have been nominated for Best Hotel Brand for Midscale Breaks at the British Travel Awards 2025. Mercure Store Loyalty Back Discover the program ALL PLUS Voyageur - Frequent travellers card ALL PLUS Voyageur - 20% or 15% or  guaranteed discount all year round DISCOVER NOW More Book your stay Book your stay error (s) Core booking engine You’ll be redirected to Accor
        website to view available hotels and book your stay Close window error (s) Where do you want to travel? Booking Dates Rooms & Guests 1 Room(s) - 1 Guest(s) Room 1 Room 1 Adult(s) - Remove an adult +Add an adult Child(ren) - Remove a child +Add a child Delete Add a room Special rates Search Where do you want to travel? FEEL LOCAL EVERYWHERE WITH MERCURE Explore new horizons, seek authentic experiences and connect with the essence of your destination AN INVITATION TO LOCAL DISCOVERY Discover the unexpected and experience your destination like a true local with our magazine. Explore more SPREAD YOUR WINGS No one knows a destination like a local. Here are the best recommendations from our teams, just for you. Meet with a local brewer in the French Alps France Meet with a local brewer in the French Alps Brasserie Caquot was born from the desire of two brothers, A... France Pick your own seaweed and learn how to cook it in French Atl... There's no one more passionate about the presqu’île de Guéra... France Visit a French family brewery in Lille and taste some beers The Motte-Cordonnier name has been renowned in the North of France for 10 generations. Indeed, this family has always been involved in the region's br France Try traditional French mirabelle plum in the heart of Metz Mélanie Demange is considered as "mother " of the Mirabelle Plum in the region. Mélanie became involved in the agricultural world at a very young age Learn more SAVE ON YOUR STAY A Mercure stay is your springboard to inspiring exploration, so dive into our current offers and packages. Member's Rate: up to 10% off in Europe and North Africa Up to 10% off on hotel stays for members of ALL Travel has never been so rewarding. Sign up to ALL – Accor Live Limitless – and enjoy up to 10% off hotel stays in Europe and North Africa. Stay longer. Save. Explore more. Longer stays, for the locals at heart. Explore for longer with Mercure hotels. Save on stays of 3 nights or more when you book  3 days in advance. Save on your stay with our Advance Saver rate Book early, save money, love life! Save on holidays, short breaks and weekend getaways with Mercure Hotels. Book at least 15 days in advance to enjoy our Advance Saver rates. Explore Europe’s mountains for less Discover stays inspired by the mountains Picnic in spring, hike alpine trails in summer, and embrace winter traditions. Enjoy authentic experiences in Europe’s mountains with Mercure. Members See more offers OUR FLAGSHIP HOTELS DUBAI, United Arab Emirates Mercure Dubai Deira Family friendly Ecocertified Mercure Dubai Deira, set amidst the vibrant souks of Dubai, blends modern comfort with local charm across 152 contemporary rooms. Just 10 minutes from Dubai International Airport and 15 minutes from Dubai World Trade Center, the hotel offers locally inspired dining, curated coffee experiences, and creative cocktails. Relax at the rooftop infinity pool, stay fit at the gym, and enjoy the convenience of the nearby Gold Souk Metro Station, your gateway to exploring Dubai. 4,6/5 Rated 4,6
                            of 5 From -- * PARIS, France Mercure Paris Montparnasse Pasteur Family friendly Ecocertified Located in the historic district of Montparnasse, Mercure Paris Pasteur Montparnasse pays tribute to the famous scientist Pasteur. As soon as you arrive, soak up its atmosphere - combining Parisian charm and scientific heritage. For your professional events, we offer 3 rooms with natural daylight, and catering on request. After a busy day, relax in our Antidote bar offering a selection of drinks. 4,3/5 Rated 4,3
                            of 5 From -- * ROME, Italy Mercure Rome Corso Trieste Mercure Roma Corso Trieste, eco-certified Green Key, a haven of peace, ideal to explore the city and relax. Our 4-star boutique hotel offers 101 modern and welcoming rooms. Easily accessible both by subway Agnese-Annibaliano stop and by car. On-site car park for a fee, also for disabled. Relax on the terrace of the Binomio pizza restaurant, where you can enjoy authentic Roman dishes. 4,5/5 Rated 4,5
                            of 5 From -- * JAKARTA, Indonesia Mercure Jakarta Gatot Subroto Ecocertified Novelty among the top-notch properties of south Jakarta. Conveniently located in the golden triangle area of business, Gatot Subroto. Accessible via Jl. Gatot Subroto and Jl. Kapten Tendean, with direct access to Jakarta inner ring road highway, 10 minutes to Whoosh Halim Station, close to diplomatic establishments and only 35 minutes drive from Soekarno Hatta International Airport. Providing 403 modern and superbly designed rooms, overlooking the glamorous urban scenery, ensuring comfort and serenity. 4,9/5 Rated 4,9
                            of 5 From -- * BANGKOK, Thailand Mercure Bangkok Sukhumvit 24 Family friendly Mercure Bangkok Sukhumvit 24 is located only 100m from BTS Skytrain Phrom Phong station and few minutes walking distance to the EmDistrict (Emporium, EmQuartier and EmQuartier). With Terminal 21 just 1 station away, guests have easy access to all that Bangkok has to offer. The hotel features 201 rooms and suites, an contemporary dining restaurant, stunning rooftop swimming pool, fitness centre and flexible meeting facilities. 4,6/5 Rated 4,6
                            of 5 From -- * BELO HORIZONTE, Brazil Mercure Belo Horizonte Lourdes The hotel will be undergoing maintenance and accessibility works from 12/23/2024 to 08/30/2025. Changes and restrictions on hotel access apply. For more information contact us on (31) 32984100 or (31) 35196300. 4,2/5 Rated 4,2
                            of 5 From -- * WHERE WE ARE Vue Map CAPTIVATING DESTINATIONS Wherever you go, there's always something exciting to discover. Let our hotels spark your passion for travel. Paris Book now Book now London Book now Book now Berlin Book now Book now Lyon Book now Book now Warsaw Book now Book now Nice Book now Book now Explore more MERCURE STORE Elevate your everyday with our curated collection of bed, bath and spa essentials. From award-winning natural bodycare products to signature beds for the same exceptional sleep quality you get with us, recreate your Mercure experience here. Shop now WHO WE ARE Authentic design that captures the spirit of the surrounding neighbourhood. Memorable experiences that spark curiosity and delight. Seasonal, sustainably sourced products that reflect the essence of the locality. We understand the desire for discovery, and the importance of freedom to be oneself while engaging with the local community. That’s why Mercure is the portal to each of our destinations, connecting guests to locally inspired travels. OUR INSTAGRAM HIGHLIGHTS @mercurehotels Follow us Subscribe to our newsletter Be among the first to receive our deals and updates. Your Email Subscribe DIVE INTO A WORLD OF UNIQUE EXPERIENCES I earn Status & Rewards points I can use my Reward points I benefit from advantages I can take advantage of the Members' rate Sign up for free Get our exclusive offers Sign up to the newsletter to receive our latest offers Subscribe Need help? Need help? My bookings FAQ Visit Visit Find a hotel Find a restaurant Find a meeting room Find a special offer Destinations Destinations Europe Asia Middle East South America Pacific Mercure universe Mercure universe Our brand Mercure experience Loyalty Local guide Mercure store All languages Mobile App Mobile App iOS app Android app Luxury 12 Partners (12) Lifestyle by Ennismore 11 Partners (11) Lifestyle by Ennismore 1 Partners (1) Premium 15 Partners (15) Midscale 12 Partners (12) Economy 7 Partners (7) General Terms and Conditions of Sale Data Privacy My Personal Information Cookies Legal information Web accessibility