Skip to main content
Who we are
Our leadership
Careers
Research and resources
Blog
Press room
What we do
Emergency response
Food and nutrition
Water, sanitation, and hygiene
Climate
Ventures
View all
Where we work
Africa
Asia
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
How to help
Give monthly
Make a donation
Take a stand
Send a card
Partner with us
View all
Search
Mercy Corps Search DONATE
Ceasefire is a first step in Gaza

Help us deliver lifesaving assistance to families in urgent need

Donate now
DEADLINE: 2X match ends soon!

Rush a tax-deductible gift to make 2X the impact for families caught in conflict and disaster in Gaza, Ukraine, Sudan and beyond.

Give now
We’re leading a global community of humanitarians to create a future where everyone can prosper.
0m
people reached across the world in the last year
0+
countries where we work
0
team members
0%
of team members are from the countries where they work
Featured stories
“Everything is needed” Critical aid must reach Gaza as winter looms
While a fragile ceasefire takes hold, people still face grave danger. Aid organizations are in a race against starvation and the approaching winter weather.
READ MORE
The facts: The crisis in Sudan
Violence in Sudan has deepened humanitarian needs nationwide. Learn more about how the conflict is affecting people in the country.
READ MORE
Rebuilding in Ukraine: Displaced communities on the path to recovery
Mercy Corps provides a continuum of support to Ukrainian families and small businesses by meeting urgent and ongoing needs.
READ MORE
Sowing hope in Syria: Digital cash supports farmers to rebuild livelihoods
Restoring farmers’ livelihoods revitalize local economies. Their harvests nourish families, fuel markets, and help communities return and rebuild across Syria.
READ MORE
Bearing witness in a year of upheaval: Top 10 photos of 2025
Mercy Corps Director of Global Photography shares the stories behind the photos highlighting our work around the world.
READ MORE
After a year of uncertainty, what’s next is up to all of us
Stories of impact from 2025 show how we’re working, innovating, and partnering to make a difference against all odds.
READ MORE
See more stories
From the press room
December 12, 2025
US aid cuts disrupt life-saving treatment for starving children in Kenya
The dismantling of USAID disrupted the global supply of therapeutic food for severely malnourished children. For some, help may be arriving too late to avoid…
Read more AT REUTERS
December 16, 2025
Sudan’s South Kordofan Plunges Deeper into Crisis as People Run out of Safe Options 
READ MORE
December 15, 2025
Left in the Cold: Ukraine’s Agricultural Losses Mount as Farmers Face Drone Attacks and Power Losses
READ MORE
See more news
Who we are

Mercy Corps is a global team of humanitarians working together on the front lines of crisis, disaster, poverty, and climate change to create a world where everyone can prosper. Beyond delivering aid to meet urgent needs, we develop long-term solutions to make lasting change possible.

Learn more
What we do

In over 35 countries, we work with local changemakers, global innovators, and people most affected by crises to help fragile communities break the cycle of poverty, rebuild after disaster, and forge new paths to prosperity in the face of injustice, instability, and climate change.

Learn more
Join us in building a more equitable world.
Explore monthly giving
Annual Impact Report: The stories behind the stats.
Read the latest report

Ellsworth Culver abuse: Mercy Corps is committed to keeping you informed about the actions we are taking. Read more ▸

 

WHO WE ARE
Our leadership
Careers
Financials and annual reports
Ethics and policies
Press room
Contact us
HOW TO HELP
Give monthly
Make a donation
Take a stand
Send a card
Partner with us
Include us in your will
Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter
STAY CONNECTED 
We will not share your data and you can unsubscribe at any time.
SIGN UP
Thank you for signing up!
86
%

86% of our expenses funded program services over the last 5 years.

Learn more
Mercy Corps is a 501(c)(3) Tax ID # 91-1148123 Privacy Policy Manage cookies Explore our websites Copyright © 2025 Mercy Corps
DEADLINE: This match ends midnight on 12/31

Rush your tax-deductible gift now to DOUBLE your impact for families caught in conflict and disaster.

DONATE No thank you Close
 