Digital Lending Platform for Every Financial Institution Skip to content Solutions Expand Digital Progression Model Innovative framework to help you operationalize digital transformation. End-To-End Platform One powerful platform to transform all your digital experiences. Loan Origination Software Cloud-based loan origination software built to streamline lending for banks and credit unions. Mortgage Loan Origination Software Improve the digital mortgage experience with an easy-to-use, fully integrated LOS. Digital Account Opening Open more accounts in less time and reach consumers around the clock. Point-Of-Sale Boost loan and deposit growth with a smarter, more engaging POS experience. Data & Reporting Drive profitability and optimize decisions with your origination data. Collections Streamline collections with SaaS cloud-based technology. Consulting & Analytics Optimize products and performance with business intelligence. MeridianLink Blog | Growth Strategies The Key To Mortgage Business Growth? Embracing Homebuyers From Diverse Demographics READ MORE The Key To Mortgage Business Growth? Embracing Homebuyers From Diverse Demographics Products Expand Products Consumer Opening DecisionLender ® Mortgage Engage Collect Mortgage Credit Link™ Add-Ons Access Insight Consulting CreditAPI ® MeridianLink Blog | Industry Insights Financial Institutions, It’s Time To Rethink Your Debt Recovery READ MORE Financial Institutions, It’s Time To Rethink Your Debt Recovery Marketplace Expand MeridianLink ® Marketplace Partnering to help grow your business. Partners Expand your business into untapped markets, accelerate growth, and boost profitability with platform connectivity. Become a MeridianLink Partner Join our community of trusted partnerships. Learn More Learning Center Expand All Resources View all the resources you need to succeed, in one spot. Case Studies Explore powerful success stories from FI’s driving impactful results with our platform. eBooks Turn knowledge into results with expert strategies, proven solutions, and real-world industry insights. Infographics Visualize insights, trends and growth opportunities to drive your financial institution forward. Videos Watch how our products power faster, smarter digital experiences across the entire consumer financial journey. Webinars Missed a live webinar or want to revisit a topic?Catch up on demand. Podcasts Tune in to expert perspectives and real customer stories fueling industry transformation. Reports & Guides Access essential insights from financial institution and consumer surveys on today’s trends and market shifts. Growth Strategies | Technology & Modernization | Lending Solutions How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 READ MORE How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 Blog Company Expand About Us Leadership Careers Media Center Events Customer Support Customer Success ESG Impact Report Environmental Policy Let’s Connect Contact Us Expand Search digital applications Loan Origination understanding data Collections account opening mortgage lending Popular Post: AI in Lending Can Help Credit Unions Fund More Loans Toggle Menu Schedule a Demo Humanize Lending for Lasting Community Impact The Digital Lending Platform That Puts People First MeridianLink ® helps financial institutions of all sizes transform lending and account opening through a single, configurable platform—MeridianLink ® One. Built to humanize the consumer financial journey, our digital solutions empower faster decisions, smarter engagement, and experiences centered around the people you serve. explore our platform MeridianLink ® helps financial institutions of all sizes transform lending and digital account opening through a single, configurable platform—MeridianLink ® One. Built to humanize the consumer financial journey, our digital solutions empower faster decisions, smarter engagement, and experiences centered around the people you serve. explore our platform Where’s Your Digital Strategy Headed? Take the assessment Register Now May 11 – May 14 | San Diego, CA The transition and implementation processes were seamless.” Leon Manning | Director of Marketing, BankFirst Trusted by Community Banks and Credit Unions See Our Customers’ SucceSS MeridianLink empowers financial institutions of all sizes to innovate at the pace of change. The pace of change is accelerating, and technology is foundational as banks and credit unions look to stay ahead and grow. MeridianLink helps financial institutions focus on the challenges they face today, and into the future including: Finding new customers with digital acquisition platforms Converting prospects with targeted experiences Deepening relationships with personalized services Unlocking the potential of AI, data, and analytics throughout The pace of change is accelerating, and technology is foundational as banks and credit unions look to stay ahead and grow. MeridianLink helps financial institutions focus on the challenges they face today, and into the future including: Finding new customers with digital acquisition platforms Converting prospects with targeted experiences Deepening relationships with personalized services Unlocking the potential of AI, data, and analytics throughout By the Numbers The Largest Ecosystem Customers Partners Years of Experience Powering 15M+ Auto Loan Applications 7M+ Unsecured Loan Applications 1M+ Home Loan Applications 5M+ New Accounts In FY 2024 How we Help Solutions for Your Digital Transformation Loan Origination Software Automate and simplify your lending experience with scalable SaaS lending technology. Digital Account Opening Open more accounts in less time and reach consumers around the clock. Mortgage Loan Origination Software Improve the digital mortgage experience with an easy-to-use, fully integrated LOS. Point-Of-Sale Boost loan and deposit growth with a smarter, more engaging POS experience. Data & Reporting Drive profitability and optimize decisions with your origination data. Collections Streamline collections with SaaS cloud-based technology. Continue To Explore Recent blog How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 Read OUR Blog Upcoming webinar MeridianLink LIVE! 2026 Ask Us Anything View More Webinars Continue to Explore Recent blog How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 Read OUR Blog UPCOMING webinar MeridianLink LIVE! 2026 Ask Us Anything View More Webinars Meet Us In Person America’s Credit Unions (ACU) Governmental Affairs Conference (GAC) 2026 view more events Chat with our experts — learn how you can develop lifelong financial management relationships to support a consumer’s entire financial journey. get in touch Solutions End-To-End Platform Loan Origination System Mortgage Loan Origination System Deposit Account Opening Point-Of-Sale Data & Reporting Collections Consulting & Analytics Products Consumer Opening DecisionLender Mortgage Engage Collect Mortgage Credit Link TazWorks™ Partners Marketplace Partners Who We Serve Banks Credit Unions Mortgage Lenders Company Company Careers Media Center Events Blog Customer Support Contact Customer Support Meridian Link on LinkedIn Facebook X [email protected] • 866-417-5130 Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Security & Trust - Trademarks Opt-Out Preferences © 1998-2025 MeridianLink. All rights reserved. - Sitemap Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Close Solutions Toggle child menu Expand Digital Progression Model Innovative framework to help you operationalize digital transformation. End-To-End Platform One powerful platform to transform all your digital experiences. Loan Origination Software Cloud-based loan origination software built to streamline lending for banks and credit unions. Mortgage Loan Origination Software Improve the digital mortgage experience with an easy-to-use, fully integrated LOS. Digital Account Opening Open more accounts in less time and reach consumers around the clock. Point-Of-Sale Boost loan and deposit growth with a smarter, more engaging POS experience. Data & Reporting Drive profitability and optimize decisions with your origination data. Collections Streamline collections with SaaS cloud-based technology. Consulting & Analytics Optimize products and performance with business intelligence. MeridianLink Blog | Growth Strategies The Key To Mortgage Business Growth? Embracing Homebuyers From Diverse Demographics READ MORE The Key To Mortgage Business Growth? Embracing Homebuyers From Diverse Demographics Products Toggle child menu Expand Products Consumer Opening DecisionLender ® Mortgage Engage Collect Mortgage Credit Link™ Add-Ons Access Insight Consulting CreditAPI ® MeridianLink Blog | Industry Insights Financial Institutions, It’s Time To Rethink Your Debt Recovery READ MORE Financial Institutions, It’s Time To Rethink Your Debt Recovery Marketplace Toggle child menu Expand MeridianLink ® Marketplace Partnering to help grow your business. Partners Expand your business into untapped markets, accelerate growth, and boost profitability with platform connectivity. Become a MeridianLink Partner Join our community of trusted partnerships. Learn More Learning Center Toggle child menu Expand All Resources View all the resources you need to succeed, in one spot. Case Studies Explore powerful success stories from FI’s driving impactful results with our platform. eBooks Turn knowledge into results with expert strategies, proven solutions, and real-world industry insights. Infographics Visualize insights, trends and growth opportunities to drive your financial institution forward. Videos Watch how our products power faster, smarter digital experiences across the entire consumer financial journey. Webinars Missed a live webinar or want to revisit a topic?Catch up on demand. Podcasts Tune in to expert perspectives and real customer stories fueling industry transformation. Reports & Guides Access essential insights from financial institution and consumer surveys on today’s trends and market shifts. Growth Strategies | Technology & Modernization | Lending Solutions How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 READ MORE How Automating Underwriting Can Help Your Credit Union Accelerate Growth in 2026 Blog Company Toggle child menu Expand About Us Leadership Careers Media Center Events Customer Support Customer Success ESG Impact Report Environmental Policy Let’s Connect Contact Us Toggle child menu Expand Search digital applications Loan Origination understanding data Collections account opening mortgage lending Popular Post: AI in Lending Can Help Credit Unions Fund More Loans