Upgrade firmware for your HomeKit devices! We have released new firmwares for HomeKit devices to drastically improve the connection stability. Please refer to www.meross.com/support/FAQ/447.html and upgrade your HomeKit devices.
Product
Explore
Support
Beta Testing
About Us
Shop
Global
/
English

New Meross Thread Presence Sensor

A full 3 years of uninterrupted, wire-free and IP67 waterproof protection.

Learn more

Smart Safety with New Smoke Alarm

Real-time alerts, 10-year reliability & smart integration – stay safe from fires!

Learn more

Explore Meross by Category

Secure Automation

Smart Garage Door Opener

Learn more

Energy Efficiency

Smart Thermostat

Learn more

Smart Blind Control

Smart Roller Shutter

Learn more

Smart Protection

Smart Home Security

Learn more

Meross will be amongst the first companies to actually release their first Matter branded products, with a whole host of other companies either gearing up for Matter updates to existing products, or planning releases of new products for later this year.

I’ve been a fan of Meross since they first came out with their early HomeKit products. They’re low cost, spread across a variety of product types, and generally work well. Meross makes high quality products for HomeKit at incredible prices - creating a value opportunity for anyone looking to build a robust smart home.

Bradley Chambers

The manufacturer Meross has an impressive and extensive range of HomeKit compatible devices. From water leak sensors, to LED lights, indoor and outdoor outlets, smoke detectors, air purifiers, humidifiers, garage door openers and many more categories, almost everything is covered. This at affordable prices, with an easy installation as you are used to from HomeKit devices.

Daniel Hudson

Recommended By

Shane Whatley

I’ve been using their products for a while now and I can confidently say that they have completely transformed my home into a smart home haven. Their devices are super easy to set up, and the app is user-friendly and intuitive.

The Brad Lloyd

Meross offers quality products compatible with Apple Home, that are affordable, bringing your dreams of having a Smart home within reach. I’ve tested Meross products extensively and they are reliable, quick to respond and have good range.

TuttoAndroid

I love the wide choice offered by Meross. I own and use many of their products, simple to configure, easy to integrate with other ecosystems and, above all, they are reliable. All of this at the right price, without compromising general quality, always great.

Todo Apple

As a Smart Home user I love Meross products for its quality and reliability. The arrival of Matter will change everything in domotics, and Meross is already there.

Explore

Meross Smart Home Product Line Earns Amazon's "Climate Pledge Friendly" Certification

Meross's Initiatives towards Carbon Neutrality

Transform Your Space with the Meross Wi-Fi Smart Fan and Light Wall Switch

Why You Need Smart Smoke Alarm?

Introducing the Meross Matter Smart Plug MSS115: Elevate Your Home, Elevate Your Life

Sign up for exclusive first looks at new products, deals, and more.

Be the First to Know

I agree to theTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy
By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookies help us remember your preferences and improve your browsing experience. If you would like to learn more about how we use cookies, please read our privacy policy. You can choose to accept or decline the use of cookies by clicking the button below.
RejectAccept

Product

Smart Garage Door Opener
Smart Thermostat
Smart Roller Shutter
Smart Home Security
Smart Home Improvement
Smart Plug and Switch
Smart Energy Monitor
Smart Light

Partnership

Affiliate Program
Business Cooperation
Beta Testing
Where to buy
Contact

Support

Help Center
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Advisory
Compliance Statement

App Store

Scan to Install

Scan to Download APK File for Android

Copyright © 2025 Meross Technology Limited. All Rights Reserved.