 Met Éireann - The Irish Meteorological Service The Irish Meteorological Service Forecasts Weather Warnings & Advisories Fire Weather Index Meteoalarm- European Weather Warnings National & Regional Forecasts Listen To The Weather Forecast Meteorologist’s Commentary Accessible Text Forecast Atlantic Charts – 10 Day Forecast Ensemble Forecast Probability Maps Marine Sea Area Forecast UV Index Farming Commentary Agricultural Data Report Storm Names Mountains Forecast Fire Weather Index Blight Forecast Meteoalarm WorldWeather Latest Reports Current Observations Yesterday’s Weather Surface Analysis Chart Satellites Ireland Europe World Weather Observations Website WOW-IE Recent Rainfall Radar 12 hour Rainfall Radar 24 hour Rainfall Radar 48 hour Rainfall Radar Buoy Reports Valentia Tephigram Climate Climate of Ireland Climate Change Weather Extreme Records for Ireland Major Weather Events Summer Centre Storm Centre Past Weather Statements Past Weather Agrometeorological Bulletins Services NFCS Weather Observations Website WOW-IE Available Data Daily Data Historical Data Monthly Data MÉRA Long Term Data Sets 30 Year Averages Climate Change Indices Building Design Files What we measure Weather Observing Stations Temperature Rainfall Atmospheric Pressure Lightning Lightning Archive Sunshine Wind Upper Air Water Vapour Education Education Podcasts Weather Observations Website WOW-IE School Resources What is Lightning? The Northern Lights About the Library Special Collections How Met Éireann produces a forecast Conversions Satellite Images of Ireland Publications Met Éireann publications Books published by Met Éireann Climatological Data Sets Technical Notes Climatological Notes Historical Notes Climate Change Research Reports Agrometeorological Bulletins Peer-reviewed journal articles by Met Éireann staff members Science Science Weather and Climate Research Programme Research Call 2024 Research Professorship Call 2023 (Closed) Research Call 2023 (Closed) Research Call 2021 (Closed) Research Call 2020 (Closed) TRANSLATE TRANSLATE2 Agricultural Meteorology Climate Modelling Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC) Events MÉRA Workshop 2019 MÉRA Workshop Forecasting Centre Television Weather Bulletins Met Éireann Ar An Raidió Laboratory Links to other Institutes Marine Meteorology Marine Climatology Numerical Weather Prediction Operational NWP Valentia Observatory Aerosol Optical Depth Air and Rain Pollution Geomagnetism Lightning Detection Ozone monitoring Phenology Seismology Solar Radiation Verification Podcasts Listen To The Weather Forecast The Met Éireann Podcast Podchraoladh Met Éireann About About Us Strategy Mission Statement Met Éireann’s Structure Our History Valentia Observatory Airports Specialised Services Flood Forecasting Centre Aviation Services Division Open Data Widgets Commercial Services Legal Weather Reports Information Contact Us Information For Media Latest News Awards Vacancies FAQ Website & App Help Privacy Warnings Status: Yellow Weather Status: Yellow Marine Location Search Latest Radar Forecast Rain Weather Symbols Wind Air Temperature Pressure 12/24/48Hr Radar Atlantic Charts Wave Height Satellite Imagery Ensemble Forecasts Latest Radar 03.15 Thu 01st Weather Maps i Latest Radar Forecast Rain Weather Symbols Wind Air Temperature Pressure Full Size Maps 12/24/48Hr Radar Atlantic Charts Wave Height i Latest Rainfall Radar showing live precipitation and the last 90 minutes precipitation over Ireland, updated every 5 minutes. Precipitation can be rain, hail or snow. Accumulations can refer to rainfall only. Lightning strikes, when they occur, are displayed as a cross. Initially, they are red but change to orange and then yellow after a period, then disappear © Met Office ATDNet. Ground Clutter may appear (South Co. Dublin), bright bands and spokes may also be present in images. They are artefacts (false echoes) of rainfall radar systems and should be ignored. Further information on Radar here Met Éireann forecasters manually produce the weather icons for midday and midnight to reflect the predicted major weather type for these times. The rainfall forecast is direct model output from Numerical Weather Prediction models but is a guideline only. Rain refers to precipitation, which can be rain, sleet or snow. It forecasts how much rain will fall (in mm) hourly during the previous hour (accumulations), then in 3 hourly and finally 6 hourly accumulations up to 7 days. This service is based on data and products of the HARMONIE-AROME and the European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) models. The wind is direct model output from Numerical Weather Prediction models but is a guideline only. It forecasts the strength of the wind (in knots and km/h) at 10m for the top of each hour, in hourly, then 3 hourly and finally 6 hourly intervals up to 7 days. The wind arrow tip points in the direction the wind is blowing and the tail length indicates wind strength. However, in the text forecast below, it is described as where it is blowing from. This service is based on data and products of the HARMONIE-AROME and the European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) models. The temperature is direct model output from Numerical Weather Prediction models but is a guideline only. It forecasts air temperature on land and over sea in °C for the top of each hour, 3 hourly and finally 6 hourly intervals up to 7 days. Minus zero (-0) indicates values between 0 to -0.5°C. This service is based on data and products of the HARMONIE-AROME and the European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) models. The Mean Sea Level Pressure (MSLP) is direct model output from Numerical Weather Prediction models but is a guideline only. It forecasts the MSLP in hecto Pascals (hPa) for the top of that hour initially in 3 hourly intervals, then 6 hourly. This service is based on data and products of the HARMONIE-AROME and the European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) models. Latest Analysis Charts National Forecast 31 December 2025 23:43 Tonight Cold tonight with widespread frost and some icy stretches, as temperatures fall to between -1 and +2 degrees. Cloud and patchy rain will affect the northern half of the country overnight. Drier elsewhere with clear spells and a few showers in light to moderate westerly winds, fresher in the north and east. Tomorrow A cold start to New Year's Day with widespread frost and some icy stretches. Patchy rain will clear southwards during the morning with plenty of dry and bright weather for the afternoon and just isolated showers. Highest temperatures of 4 to 8 degrees in light to moderate northwesterly winds, fresher near northern and northwestern coasts. View Full Forecast Met News 24th December 2025 Met Éireann Aviation forecast for Santa, Christmas Eve 2025 The countdown is on until Santa sets off on his s... more 23rd December 2025 Met Éireann partners in Polarstern expedition Met Éireann climate scientist and researcher, Dr ... more 10th December 2025 New study links climate change to increased rainfall and flood risk A new rapid attribution study from Maynooth Univer... more 03rd December 2025 Climate Statement for Autumn 2025 Mild and very wet
Meteorological Autumn 2025 was t... more View All News Agriculture Marine Monthly Reports Storm Names Be Winter Ready Back to top of page Cookies Settings Cookie Information As Gaeilge Contact Privacy FAQ Copyright Notice Accessibility Connect Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Download our apps