MetaForge - The best tools and guides for your favorite games. Browse Games ARC Raiders Extraction Shooter Runescape Dragonwilds Survival Grounded 2 Survival Grounded Survival Enshrouded Survival Sons of the Forest Survival LOTR: Return to Moria Co-Op StarRupture Survival Where Winds Meet Co-Op Dune: Awakening MMORPG Palia MMORPG New World MMORPG Ashes of Creation MMORPG Albion Online MMORPG Ctrl + K Need at least 3 characters to search. What's New Where Winds Meet Section Launched 2025-11-17 We've just launched a new section for Where Winds Meet, with an interactive map and guides for
                        everything you need to know about the game. Interactive Map Guides ARC Raiders Section 2025-10-15 Our ARC Raiders section has received significant updates, including overhauled maps, loadouts,
                        trackers and other tools. Just in time for the server slam! Maps Loadouts Needed Items Hideout Tracker Skill Builder New World Map now part of MetaForge 2025-10-05 We've added a New World section to the site. As part
                        of this, NewWorld-Map.com has now also become part of MetaForge and will be updated with season 10
                        content when it launches. You need to be logged in to see your favorites. Premium Login Arc Raiders Dune: Awakening Enshrouded Grounded Grounded 2 LOTR: Return to Moria StarRupture Where Winds Meet New World Palia Runescape Dragonwilds Sons of the Forest Pax Dei Discord Discord Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Featured Get the Overlay App MetaForge News Dec 30, 2025 Destroy Fireballs: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials Similar to other Trials, “Destroy Fireballs” is a straightforward task. However, with our guide, we aim to optimize your score for the week. Dec 30, 2025 Deal damage to Shredders: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials The weekly trial to deal damage to Shredders is a terrifying ordeal. As a result, equip yourself with knowledge here with our assistance. Dec 30, 2025 Throw snowballs at Rocketeers: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials The Cold Snap brings forth more Trials to complete. In this guide, we’ll show you how to throw snowballs at Rocketeers for the highest score. Dec 30, 2025 Where Winds Meet PvE Guide: Strategic Sword & Spear Bleed Build Strategic Sword and Spear Bleed Build Guide This guide covers the “Strategic Sword and Heaven Quaker Spear” build. Ulfhednar shared with us why this is currently considered the “King of PvE DPS” in Where Winds Meet. It is a very efficient build. It focuses on stacking “Bleed” effects on the enemy and triggering “Affinity” procs […] Dec 30, 2025 StarRupture Release Date and System Requirements StarRupture is coming to PC Early Access on January 6, 2026, and you will need at least a GTX 1060 to run it. The developers, Creepy Jar, have confirmed the date and demonstrated the industrial machinery and alien bugs that form the core of the gameplay loop. StarRuptue Release Date Details The game launches on […] Dec 27, 2025 Where Winds Meet Guide: The Fastest Way to Farm Legendary Gear The Fastest Way to Farm Legendary Gear in Where Winds Meet If you are trying to get full Legendary (Gold) gear, you might be running the wrong activity. Most players assume that the “Sword Trial” (Hero Realm) is the best place to farm, but it appears that is not the case. Ulfhednar shares with us […] Dec 30, 2025 Damage Leapers: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials The route to “Damage Leapers” the most efficiently can be a bit tricky if you’re unsure of the map – look no further, all info needed is here Dec 24, 2025 Search First Wave Husks: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials For recommended maps, loadouts and routes for the “Search First Wave Husks” Trial – check here. Dec 24, 2025 Harvest Plants: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials The weekly ARC Raiders Trial to Harvest Plants is a nice quick way to get 3-star rewards or a decent score injection. See more here! Dec 24, 2025 Search Frozen Raider Containers: How to get the BEST score in ARC Raiders Trials A Cold Snap has swept through the Rust Belt. As a result, it has us aiming to Search Frozen Raider Containers for Trials – see more here! © 2025 MetaForge - Guides, Databases and Tools for your favorite games: MMOs, ARPGs, Survival Games and more! All intellectual property and assets related to these games themselves are reserved by their respective owners.