MetaBrainz Foundation Toggle navigation About The Foundation Projects Datasets Team Shop Policies Social Contract Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Conflict Resolution Policy GDPR Compliance Supporters Sponsors Reports Archived Annual Reports Financial Reports Donors Donate Register Sign in Welcome to MetaBrainz! The MetaBrainz Foundation is a non-profit that believes in free, open
        access to data. It has been set up to build community maintained
        databases and make them available in the public domain or under Creative
        Commons licenses. Our data is mostly gathered by volunteers and verified
        by peer review to ensure it is consistent and correct. All non-commercial use of this data is free,
        but commercial supporters are asked to support us in order to help fund the
        project. We encourage all data supporters to contribute to the data gathering process so
        that our data can be as comprehensive as possible. To find out more about our datasets, please take a look at our datasets page . An open music encyclopedia that collects music metadata and makes it
              available to the public Sign up to use the Live Data Feed A cross-platform music tagger An open encyclopedia which contains information about published literature An open record of user listening habits A repository for Creative Commons licensed music and book reviews A repository of music cover art that is freely and easily accessible Previous Next The MetaBrainz Foundation believes in transparent finances and is supported by end user
        donations and a number of sponsors who provide funds in order for the foundation to accomplish its goals. The foundation also
        has several commercial supporters who make use of our data sets. To get more information about the foundation, go to the about page. Foundation Projects Datasets Team Shop Policies Social Contract Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Finances Archived Annual Reports Donors Sponsors Supporters Supporters Sign in Access your account API Contact us Blog Chat Twitter/X Mastodon Bluesky Instagram Sponsored by GitHub