MetaTFT
​
Download App
EN
Comps
Stats
Players
Tools
Info
Team Builder
The best place for TFT stats and data
Up to date for Patch Set 16
View Comps
Download App
Accurate and Unbiased
We use machine learning to discover the top TFT comps, analysing over 2 million games a day to give the most accurate statistics.
Up to Date
Data is refreshed every few minutes and updated for any b-patches, so we'll always be up to date on the latest meta trends.
Get the Advantage
Join thousands of players using MetaTFT to adapt to the meta, learn new strategies, and climb in ranked TFT.
Discover MetaTFT
Comps
Game Modes
Match History
Augments
Items
Units
Data Explorer
Leaderboards
In-Game App
Comps
The comps page calculates average placement and pick rate for the current top meta TFT comps. Filters let you customise the page for your rank and region, and you can expand each comp for extra data, including different comp options, positioning examples, and best augments.
Check out the top performing comps in the current meta...
Get Started
Dig into the data
Check out our comps page for the top TFT comps to play, and start digging into the data to discover the best strategies.
Download the App
Download the MetaTFT App on Overwolf to get a bunch more tools and analytics right in your game. The ultimate TFT companion app.
Support on Patreon
Like the site? Support our development and unlock more features through Patreon. We're a small team of 2 so your support means a lot!
Join us on Discord
Join our Discord to interact with the MetaTFT community. Suggest new features, share strategies, get help and show off your climb.
Popular Features
TFT Meta Comps
Unit Stats
Augment Tier List
TFT Team Builder
Match History
Advanced Tools
Data Explorer
TFT Vod Library
TFT Drop Tables
More Features
Download Desktop App
Support us on Patreon
Socials
 Join our Discord
 Follow us on X (Twitter)

© 2025 Copyright: MetaTFT.com

MetaTFT isn't endorsed by Riot Games and doesn't reflect the views or opinions of Riot Games or anyone officially involved in producing or managing League of Legends. League of Legends™ and Riot Games are trademarks or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Advertise With Us
Sitemap