Video Call SDK and Screen Sharing API | Metered Metered | Video Open menu Developers Metered Turn Servers Get Started with Detailed Documentation, with Sample Apps and Developer Support. Quick Start Guide Get Started with Detailed Documentation, with Sample Apps and Developer Support. User Auth Guide Speak directly to your customers in a more meaningful way. JavaScript SDK Your customers' data will be safe and secure. Rest API Documentation Connect with third-party tools that you're already using. Best Practices Guide Build strategic funnels that will drive your customers to convert Video Calling Quick Start Application Completely built Open Source Starter sample Video Calling Application using Metered Video APIs. Why Metered? Find out why Metered is different. Contact us via Email & Call: +1 (647) 483-3172 , support@metered.ca Products C++ SDK C++ SDK for Embedded and IoT Devices. Video Calling Get Started with Detailed Documentation, with Sample Apps and Developer Support. Interactive Live Streamings Ultra low latency Super Massive Meetings upto 10,000 participants. Embed Video Chat Add Video Chat to your website / app with one line of code. Voice Calling 1:1 and Group Voice calling with Metered APIs Recording Record individual streams as well as composite video and audio streams with Metered. Real Time Live Streaming (less than 300ms latency) Live Stream to thousands of viewers in real time with less than 300 ms Latency Composition Create composite video and audio streams with Metered. Metered Global STUN TURN Servers WebRTC TURN servers for your application DocuScout: AI Powered Website Search and Chat Add AI powered docs search and chat to your docs site. Why Metered? Find out why Metered is different. Contact us via Email & Call: +1 (647) 483-3172 , support@metered.ca Pricing Support Use Cases TURN Servers Developer First Video Chat and Screen Sharing APIs for developing online learning applications. Education Developer First Video Chat and Screen Sharing APIs for developing online learning applications. Remote Work Create Remote Collaboration applications and websites with Metered Video APIs and SDK. Virtual Events Integrate Video to your Virtual Events Platform with Metered Video APIs and SDK. Telemedicine Connect Patients with service providers using Video, Audio and Screen Sharing | Metered Video APIs and SDK. Sales and E-Commerce Provide Sales demo, Support and training sessions with Metered Video API and SDK Contact us Contact us for any questions / concerns you might have Try Our Demo Sign in Sign up Metered Close menu Video Calling Interactive Live Streamings Embed Video Chat Voice Calling Recording Live Streaming Composition Pricing DocuScout: AI Powered Website Search and Chat Quick Start Guide JavaScript SDK Rest API Documentation User Auth Guide Best Practice  Guide Support Sign up Existing customer? Sign in Video Call SDK and Screen Sharing API Create 1-1 and Group Video and Audio Calling + Screen Sharing Applications with Metered. 
            Metered offers ability to record and live stream meetings to 3rd providers like YouTube Live, Facebook Live etc.
            Plans starting from $0.003/min. Sign Up and Start Building Video SDK and API Infrastructure Provider Trusted by developers from Fortune 500 Companies. Participant Super Massive Meetings 10,000 Uptime 99.99% Low Latency Calls with Dedicated Edge Servers in Every Continent Edge Servers WebRTC TURN Server Service Global WebRTC TURN Server Service with 99.999% uptime. Global Automatic Routing or Choose Location to restrict traffic Automatic routing to the nearest TURN server or choose a location to restrict traffic to a specific region 
              for compliance. Multi-Tenancy Create multiple independent projects to organize and group your credentials effectively. 
                Set custom quotas for each project. 
                Receive automated notifications via Webhooks and Email alerts when quotas are approached or reached. 99.999% Uptime Metered Global TURN Servers provides five nines (99.999%) uptime with redundant infrastructure across multiple regions. Our enterprise-grade TURN servers ensure reliable WebRTC connectivity even in challenging network conditions, with automatic failover and load balancing built-in. Powerful REST API Metered TURN Server API provides a powerful REST API to manage your TURN server infrastructure programmatically. 
                Create and manage projects, credentials, and quotas.
                Query the API to fetch the usage statistics and more. Learn More Metered Everything you need to build your Video Chat App Build Video APPS or integrate video in to your existing app or website using Metered Video APIS and SDK. Scalable, Reliable and efficient. Start building your video apps in minutes instead of months. 1:1 and Group Video Chat Conduct 1:1 video chat and meetings with upto 10,000 participants. 1:1 and Group Voice Calling Create Voice only calls and meetings with Metered API and SDK with upto 10,000 participants. Recording Composite recording, Individual streams recording, Recording in the Highest possible quality. All recordings are stored in the cloud. Interactive Live Streaming Conduct ultra low latency interactive Live Streaming where you can bring audience on stage. Live Streaming Conduct Live Streaming with Millions of users and engage your audiences with Metered Live Streaming APIs. Composition With Composition get composed recording or composed Live Streams. You can also conduct composed meetings with users that have extreme bandwidth limitations. Choice is yours Quick Start with a Single line of Code OR Craft Precision applications with Native SDKs and API Metered Frame Embed iframe Add Video to your Website / APP within minutes with one line of code <div id="metered-frame"></div>
<script src="https://cdn.metered.ca/sdk/frame/1.4.2/sdk-frame.min.js"></script>
<script>
var frame = new MeteredFrame(); 
frame.init({
    roomURL: "appname.metered.live/my-room",
}, document.getElementById("metered-frame"));
</script> 10,000 person meetings Cloud Recordings Live Streaming Customize the look and feel to suit your website or APP Live Chat and Chat FIrst Mode Set of Moderation Tools Try Our Demo Learn More Metered Native SDKs and API JS SDK & APIS Precision Customization with Native JavaScript SDKs and APIs. <script src="//cdn.metered.ca/sdk/video/1.4.1/sdk.min.js"></script>

const meeting = new Metered.Meeting();
const meetingInfo = await meeting.join({
  roomURL: "yourappname.metered.live/meetup",
  name: "John Doe"
}); Native NodeJs SDK and APIs Precision Customize the app according to your needs Integration Guaranteed with a Developer Support team. Detailed Documentation and Sample APPS Audio Only Calls available Read The Docs For IoT and Embedded Devices C++ SDK C++ SDK to be used with Embedded and IoT Devices, offers full audio and video Capabilities. Metered sdk;
sdk.shareVideo();
sdk.shareAudio(); Native C++ SDK Supports Linux, Windows, Mac OS x86, x64, arm64, armv7, armv6 Learn more about C++ WebRTC SDK for Embedded & IoT Devices Detailed Documentation and Sample APPS Audio Only Calls available Inquire #1 Trusted Provider of WebRTC Video Chat and Audio Calling API Highly Scalable Video Calling, Voice Calling, Recording, Live Streaming, Interactive Live Streaming with Metered Video APIs Video Chat API for your Website or APP Integrate High quality Video Calling into your website or APP using Metered API. HD Quality Video. With Metered you get High quality video through SFU. Optimized to work with all kinds of network conditions the world over Enterprise Scalability Metered scales to millions of Video calls per minute, Metered is based on Enterprise infrastructure around the world. Phone and Email Support. You get Free Phone (9:00 AM to 9:00 PM ET) and Email support with Any Metered Plan. Get a Dedicated Customer Success Manager and 24X7 Support with Enterprise Plan. Developer focused and Enterprise ready. Detailed Documentation and developer support (Phone and Email) Metered has detailed documentation and developer support. Read our documentation, if need you can also email us or call us and someone from our developer support team would be happy to help. Transparent Billings Transparent and detailed billing report, means you know what you are paying for and there are no hidden fees. GDPR Compliant Metered is GDPR Compliant. So you can rest assured that your data is in good hands. Integration Assistance Guaranteed Free Integration Support with Every Account. Get started Book a Meeting Global Scale Calling Features HD Quality calls with our Enterprise Grade infrastructure. 1-1 Calls Create 1-1 Video/Audio calls in HD quality with Metered APIs. Group Calls Upto 10,000 Users Conduct Group Calls with Upto 10,000 Online users with Metered Video / Audio APIs. Screen Sharing Share your Screen along with the calls with Metered Screen Sharing APIs. Audio Only Calls Want to create Audio only calls, you can with Metered APIs, create 1-1 audio as well as group audio calls. Incoming Call Notifications Get incoming call notifications on your mobile or web app with Metered. Create awesome experiences for your users. Multi-Device Support From Desktops to mobiles, from tablets to even IoT devices, Conduct meetings and receive calls and build apps with Metered APIs. Push notifications for iOS and Android Get Push Notifications on iOS and Android devices Auto-Reconnect, Call logs Automatically re-connect calls and re-join meetings in Metered Video / Audio APIs Above and Beyond API, Dashboard Features. Metered Video / Audio and Screen Sharing APIs. Build and Scale Applications, For Start Ups as well as Billion Dollar Enterprises Public and Private Video and Audio Calls Create Public Meeting where any one can ask to join or Private Video /Audio Meeting where only those invited can join. Active Speaker Detection Detect during meetings who is the Active Speaker at any point in time. Owner Only Broadcast With Owner only Broadcast. The Admin of the Meeting will be able to Broadcast the Video / Audio and Screen Share to participants. Device selection and switching Choose from Multiple Speakers (Headphones or Desktop speakers etc) and Multiple Mics and switch between speakers and devices with Metered. Call event Webhooks Get webhooks for all the call events to enable various features in your app. Auto expire after X seconds Set Meeting to Automatically expire after a set amount of time. Server-relayed call connections All Calls are relayed through the server for High Quality, Smooth and Consistent Calls. Call Analytics, Call logs and metadata retrieval Find what you need with advanced filters, bulk actions, and quick views. Automatically end meeting Automatically end meeting after a event has occurred (set time, or some other metric) No extra charge for TURN STUN usage No extra charges for STUN TURN usages Meeting Start NOT Before set Time Meeting will not start before the Time set by the Admin. Set participant max Meeting Time Participant will be allowed in the meeting only for a set time. After their time is done they will automatically exit the meeting. Privacy and Security Security and Compliance Get Best of Security and Compliance with Metered. GDPR Compliance We are fully GDPR Compliant. HIPAA Ready With Metered get HIPAA Ready Video / Audio Conferencing and Screen Sharing. REST API secure with SSL/TLS Secure Video / Audio REST APIs with SSL/TLS. User Authentication With Built in User Authentication. Encrypted Media Stream Media Streams are Encrypted in Metered. Use Cases From Telehealth to Education, From Expert Support to Hiring, from Field Services to Sales and Social. We have got you covered. Economical and Enterprise ready Metered's Enterprise Scalability and large scale infrastructure Deployment around the world, means enterprise dependability that you need and Economical cost of operation that you want. Telehealth Connect doctors and care providers with patients. With special HIPAA-ready Video calling APIs. Education / Remote Learning Create awesome educational and e-learning websites/apps integrate video calling with classroom, whiteboard and educational apps with Metered 1-1 tutoring sessions, group classes and much more. Expert and Field services Automate and implement services and processes by adding video and audio communications to your APPs and websites. Dependable, scalable, Video communications. Get fantastic R.O.I with Metered. Get fantastic R.O.I with Metered. The cost of operation is half of the Competition and further goes down as you scale. With infrastructure deployment the world over you get the dependability you need. Sales / Retail Give beautiful demos and great customer-service right from your platform. With HD-quality Video/Audio communications from Metered. Hiring and Workplace Collaboration. Create awesome workplace Collaboration and Hiring processes with Metered. Social Apps and gaming Build Multi-player video and audio interactions in your apps with Metered also
                 Integrate Video into social experiences and drive up the Engagement with Metered. Ready to dive in? Create your Free Account today. Get started Resources Can't wait to see what you build. Developer Quick Start Guide Read the Quick Start Guide to quickly Get Started with building your own Video and Voice Calling applications using our Javascript SDK. User Auth Guide Read the User Auth Guide to create secure private video calling rooms, and learn how to generate and authenticate users using access tokens. Javascript SDK Go through our Javascript SDK to learn more about all the methods and events that we provide that you can use to create rich video experiences. Rest API Documentation Explore in detail our REST APIs and in an easy to use and intuitive interface, with code sample provided for all major programming languages. Best Practices Guide Read the Tips and Best Practices Guide to learn about best practices when using Metered SDK to save cost and avoid pitfalls. Video Calling Quickstart Application Completely built Open Source Video Calling Quickstart Application using Metered Video APIs. Made with HTML and Javascript Footer Connect Now tel. +1 647.483.3172 Email our Team: support[at]metered.ca Next Path Software Consulting Inc. Ontario, Canada. Solutions Why Metered? Education Remote work Virtual Events Telemedicine Sales and E-commerce Products WebRTC for Embedded and IoT Devices Turn Servers Embed Video Chat Video Calling Voice Calling Recording Interactive Live Streaming (Super Massive Rooms) Support Book a Meeting Pricing Calculator Pricing Contact Us 🟢 Status Tools Open Relay Project tsocket Turn Server Testing Tool Developers Blog Quick Start Guide User Auth Guide JavaScript SDK Rest API Documentation Best Practices Guide Legal GDPR Privacy Terms HIPAA © 2025 Next Path Software Consulting Inc. All rights reserved. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Dismiss