Metica Blog Case Studies Documentation Contact Jobs Get UA funding Sign in Building great games is not enough anymore. Building great games is not enough anymore. Win the Growth Game with AI-native monetization and UA. Win the Growth Game with AI-native monetization and UA. Unlock Your Game's Growth Potential Unlock Your Game's Growth Potential Unlock Your Game's Growth Potential Building great games is not enough anymore. Increase LTV • Bid Floor Optimizations • Interstitial Cool Downs • Game Optimizations Grow Your Game • UA Funding That Scales With You • Campaign-Level ROAS Prediction • Full CFO Visibility Don't Be Left Behind • Leverage Metica's AI to Compete • Move from Segments to Personalization • Use ML-Ready Data Infrastructure All delivered through Metica's Growth Loop All delivered through Metica's Growth Loop ROAS +50% +50% Uplift LTV +30% +30% Uplift For the first time, unlock the treasure chest of uplift hidden between your In-Game and UA data For the first time, unlock the treasure chest of uplift hidden between your In-Game and UA data Growth Loop Explained Growth Loop Explained Growth Loop Explained Features Smart In-Game Ads Optimization Smart In-Game Ads Optimization Metica offers an all in one AI solution to optimize your complete In-Game Ads funnel SmartFloors AI optimizes your bid floors for higher revenue Read our blog Read our blog Read our blog SmartInterstitials AI personalizes interstitial cool downs for better retention and higher LTV Read our blog Read our blog Read our blog SmartRewards AI optimizes the rewards players receive Read case study Read case study Read case study Features Personalize Your Game In Real-Time Personalize Your Game In Real-Time Personalize Your Game In Real-Time Go beyond Ads and personalize every aspect of your game for improved LTV Optimize for Blended ROAS Make every blended ROAS install count by optimizing the IAP vs Ad monetization split Read our blog Read our blog Read our blog LiveOps LiveOps that customize game modes and rewards for each player in real-time Fast game features testing Cutting-edge A/B testing and contextual multi-armed bandits to quickly identify the best variants Read case study Read case study Read case study Metica Fuel UA funding UA funding Accelerate your game growth with flexible UA cohort funding. Achieve financial freedom for your game. Accelerate your game growth with flexible UA cohort funding. Achieve financial freedom for your game. Accelerate your game growth with flexible UA cohort funding. Achieve financial freedom for your game. Fuel your growth Access flexible Non-dilutive, fixed-cost funding with Metica Fuel, powered by your real in-game performance Best rates in gaming Access flexible capital at the best rates in gaming — unlike other funding providers, we are not interested in short term gain. Partnership A partner who cares about your long-term success combining UA and LTV uplift with the Growth Loop approach Get UA Funding Get UA Funding Get UA Funding Features Powered by Powered by AI AI Find all the latest models and tools in action: from non-stationary contextual multi-armed bandits; to adaptive off-policy evaluation; neural representation learning; and Bayesian marketing mix modelling Continuous optimization with contextual multi-armed bandits Go beyond a limited number of variants when testing to fully optimize and scale personalization that is specifically tuned to each gaming use case Predicted LTV underpinning everything Predict LTV on a player level to ensure all interventions are driving long-term profitability for your game ML-Ready Data Infrastructure Develop and deploy your own models on top of our cutting-edge ML models to make your game stand out even more Learn more about our AI technology Learn more about our AI technology Learn more about our AI technology Trusted by leading game studios Get started Get started Here’s how we work with you every step of the way to guarantee your success Start with SmartFloors Start with SmartFloors Get instant LTV uplift by letting Metica's fully automated AI do the bid floor optimization for you. Start with SmartInterstitials Start with SmartInterstitials Let Metica's AI optimize your interstitials cool downs by treating every player as an individual. LTV uplift is guaranteed. The Complete Growth Loop The Complete Growth Loop AI driven optimization that fully caters to your game's needs, providing maximum LTV & ROAS uplift UA funding to fuel growth UA funding to fuel growth Submit your funding application to get a free fee quote. GET UA FUNDING Access to UA & LTV experts for feedback and growth advice Access to UA & LTV experts for feedback and growth advice Schedule expert call Schedule expert call Schedule expert call Connect with us on Slack Connect with us on Slack Connect with us on Slack Chat now on Whatsapp Chat now on Whatsapp Chat now on Whatsapp Backed by the best in the industry Backed by the best in the industry VCs VCs Founders of Founders of Blog Updates from the team Updates from the team Customer Stories 2 min. read Game District Selects Metica as Strategic Growth Partner to Fuel Global Expansion Game District Selects Metica as Strategic Growth Partner to Fuel Global Expansion UA funding 5 min. read Why We Built Metica Fuel: A Fairer Take on Mobile Game UA Financing Why We Built Metica Fuel: A Fairer Take on Mobile Game UA Financing New Product Launch 3 min read NEW PRODUCT: Get the Most Out of AppLovin MAX with Metica’s SmartFloors, Our Bid-Floor Optimization Engine NEW PRODUCT: Get the Most Out of AppLovin MAX with Metica’s SmartFloors, Our Bid-Floor Optimization Engine Industry Trends 5 min How Regional Pricing Unlocks Gaming for Everyone — and Grows Revenue How Regional Pricing Unlocks Gaming for Everyone — and Grows Revenue Want to find out more? Want to find out more? Book a free 30 minutes call with one of our experts Book a free 30 minutes call with one of our experts Schedule expert call Schedule expert call Schedule expert call Company Get UA funding Blog Contact Jobs Platform Docs Sign in Legal Cookies Terms & conditions Privacy policy © 2025 Metica Trading Limited. All rights reserved. Company Get UA funding Blog Contact Jobs Platform Docs Sign in Legal Cookies Terms & conditions Privacy policy © 2025 Metica Trading Limited. All rights reserved. Company Get UA funding Blog Contact Jobs Platform Docs Sign in Legal Cookies Terms & conditions Privacy policy © 2024 Metica Trading Limited. All rights reserved.