The most flexible and complete event management system How it works Pricing explore PRO plans app How it works Pricing explore PRO plans app Importanti informazioni su Metooo L'attuale Metooo sarà dismesso nei prossimi mesi. Maggiori informazioni Organize your events with Metooo Invite your audience, sell admission tickets and manage checkin , data collection and invoicing . Metooo helps event organizers promote and manage events like a professional. Discover all the features . start now read more (no credit card or other payment is required to get started. Metooo is free for free events.) Metooo has everything an event organizer needs. Simple to use for anyone. Event website, RSVP, Ticketing Metooo is the simplest and most complete system for creating, promoting and selling events. The included features will allow you to improve your efficiency, save time and stress and earn more with your events. Live and online events Thanks to the integration with Zoom , you can organize your online meetings directly from Metooo, invite your audience and manage participation in the meeting. Attendees will follow the meeting directly through Metooo. Everything is under your control You can manage every aspect of your event: the image, invitations, sales, both from the web and from the app. You can decide to cash out the your sales or let us manage ticketing and electronic invoicing, with unbeatable fees. Metooo is the ideal platform for any event Metooo is the ideal platform for any event Whether it's a scientific conference, a lab, a university lesson, a business meeting, or even launching a product, a big fair, a sports contest, a fundraiser or a charity race: use Metooo. Metooo is perfect for every event! If you like, take a look at a selection of events made with Metooo . Try it now. It's free Metooo is for: Freelance event organizers Improve your performance by working more efficiently. With Metooo you work both on promotion and management of the event using a single service: website, invitations to RSVP, data collection, registration of attendees, ticket sales, press kit. And you can do it in mobile too, for maximum flexibility. Event planning agencies Reduce costs and increase productivity. With Metooo you take care of your clients' events in an impeccable and efficient way: you can create groups of events for each client, plan related events, have an exceptional promotion and invitation system and advanced ticketing, manage check-in, billing, and badges. All activities need just one account. Brand Ambassadors Make a communication that is perfectly coherent with the Brand, manage the booking lists at the event, collect feedback and submit questionnaires to those who register at the event, and communicate with your audience before, during and after the event. Perfect for companies and public and non-profit organizations. Anyone who wants to organize an event Exactly! Metooo is the perfect start for those entering the world of event planning for the first time, and want to do it professionally. We have designed and produced a complete yet easy to use digital service, without a thousand useless options, but with essential well thought-out tools, integrated in a user friendly and intuitive way. Think big from the start, use Metooo! Metooo features: Site-builder Import your lists from Gmail and MailChimp RSVP email Free and paid tickets Waiting lists Discount codes Check-in Embed ticket Surveys Safe Transactions Invoices Create Badge Privacy Organizer Dashboard Group events Storytelling Full responsive Statistics No logo Discover Metooo We work with Unbeatable key points: A beautiful, efficient, fully responsive event website. 2,500  monthly RSVP invitations and unlimited contact lists. Storytelling tools, sales invoicing, creation of badges included. Use Metooo for your events and go professional Try it now Metooo How it works Create your page Invite your contacts Sell your tickets Engage your guests Use Metooo for Fairs and Business Events Conferences and Congresses Workshop and Training Courses Cultural Events Showings and Exhibitions Entertainment Festivals and Concerts Non-profit Events Crowdfunding Sport Events Resources Blog Help Press Kit Explore events Privacy Policy Tos GDPR © Copyright 2013-2020 Metooo s.r.l. P.Iva 07426331216 Change country Italia Spagna UK USA Global Recover password send have an account? log in If the email address you entered is the one you registered with, we will shortly send you an email with all the information to reset your password. Log in log in password lost? recover Metooo uses cookies. This information is used to improve service and understand your interests. By using our services, you agree to the use of  cookies. Click here to learn more.