Home | Metropolitan Opera Skip to main content Menu Close Menu Season 2025–26 Season In Cinemas Radio Galas 2026 ABT Tickets On Demand Visit Getting Here Accessibility Dining at the Met Tours What to Expect Discover Videos Talks and Events Articles Education Podcasts Artists Archives Exhibitions MAKE A GIFT Give Now Become a Member Special Funds Corporate Partnership Leave a Legacy About Our Story Press Releases Who We Are FAQ Jobs Internships Auditions Contact Us Annual Reports Shop Search Login Open Live Chat Live chat is currently unavailable. The Metropolitan Opera Login / Register Calendar The Metropolitan Opera Featured Content NEW PRODUCTION Bellini’s I Puritani OPENS NEW YEAR'S EVE Lisette Oropesa and Lawrence Brownlee star as the lovers Elvira and Arturo, brought together by love and torn apart by the political rifts of the English Civil War, in the Met’s first new production of Bellini’s final bel canto masterpiece in more than 50 years. Marco Armiliato conducts. Buy Tickets Lisette Oropesa and Lawrence Brownlee star as the lovers Elvira and Arturo, brought together by love and torn apart by the political rifts of the English Civil War, in the Met’s first new production of Bellini’s final bel canto masterpiece in more than 50 years. Marco Armiliato conducts. ON STAGE THROUGH JANUARY 3 Mozart’s The Magic Flute —Holiday Presentation Mozart’s enchanting musical fairy tale returns in the Met’s English-language production by Broadway legend Julie Taymor, running under 90 minutes. With dazzling puppets and a spectacularly vibrant setting, The Magic Flute is one of New York's ultimate seasonal sensations for family audiences. Buy Tickets Mozart’s enchanting musical fairy tale returns in the Met’s English-language production by Broadway legend Julie Taymor, running under 90 minutes. With dazzling puppets and a spectacularly vibrant setting, The Magic Flute is one of New York's ultimate seasonal sensations for family audiences. ON STAGE THROUGH January 24 The Gershwins’ Porgy and Bess Hailed by The Washington Post as “a Porgy of its time that speaks to ours,” James Robinson’s vivid staging returns, featuring electrifying choreography by Camille A. Brown and starring Alfred Walker and Brittany Renee in the title roles. Kwamé Ryan conducts the indelible score, with its fusion of opera, jazz, and Broadway. Buy Tickets Hailed by The Washington Post as “a Porgy of its time that speaks to ours,” James Robinson’s vivid staging returns, featuring electrifying choreography by Camille A. Brown and starring Alfred Walker and Brittany Renee in the title roles. Kwamé Ryan conducts the indelible score, with its fusion of opera, jazz, and Broadway. The Metropolitan Opera Logo Upcoming Performances Tomorrow 6:00 pm I Puritani Buy Tickets to I Puritani on December 31, 2025 at 6:00 PM Learn More about I Puritani Friday 7:00 pm The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation Buy Tickets to The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation on January 02, 2026 at 7:00 PM Learn More about The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation Saturday 12:00 pm The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation Buy Tickets to The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation on January 03, 2026 at 12:00 PM Learn More about The Magic Flute—Holiday Presentation Saturday 7:00 pm I Puritani Buy Tickets to I Puritani on January 03, 2026 at 7:00 PM Learn More about I Puritani Items of Interest The Voice Must Be Heard This season at the Metropolitan Opera, experience the unparalleled power of the greatest voices in the world. WATCH VIDEO LIVE IN HD | JANUARY 10 Bellini’s I Puritani The Met’s new production of Bellini’s resplendent vocal showcase stars Lisette Oropesa and Lawrence Brownlee as the lovers caught in the crossfire of the English Civil War, with Marco Armiliato conducting. Buy Tickets OPENS JANUARY 9 Puccini’s Madama Butterfly Puccini’s tragic masterpiece of a loyal geisha and a callous American naval officer returns in Anthony Minghella’s acclaimed production, hailed “an inspiring vision” by The New York Times . Ailyn Pérez stars as Cio-Cio-San, alongside SeokJong Baek as Pinkerton, with Marco Armiliato on the podium. Buy Tickets Support Extraordinary Opera Make a Year-End Gift to the Met As 2025 draws to a close, please consider making a special year-end gift to the Met. Contributions from friends like you will help bring nearly 200 performances to life on the Met stage this season. For a limited time, your gift will be matched by a Met Board Member. GIVE NOW Holidays at the Met Celebrate the holiday season at the Met with a family-friendly performance of Mozart’s The Magic Flute , an immersive Holiday Open House, and free activities for kids. Learn More Met Opera Shop The shop is open before every opera and during the first intermission. Located next to the box office, you’ll find amazing opera recordings and gifts to help commemorate your visit. Shop Now Email Signup Find The Metropolitan Opera on Facebook (opens new window) Find The Metropolitan Opera on Instagram (opens new window) Find The Metropolitan Opera on YouTube (opens new window) Find The Metropolitan Opera on TikTok (opens new window) Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Our Digital Ads 日本語 Dining Accessibility ©2025 The Metropolitan Opera Your Privacy Choices Close Modal Our website has been optimized for viewing in the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. If you are using Internet Explorer or other browsers you may encounter problems with certain sections of our website. I understand , close this dialog