MeTV – America's #1 Classic Television Network Full Schedule Where To Watch Contact Where To Watch Shop Mall Contact Schedule Shows Stories Quizzes Music Games MeTV Mall Where To Watch About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use WWME FCC Public File EEO Report Children's Programming Report Do Not Sell Or Share My Information WWME © 2025 Me-TV National Limited Partnership Everybody Loves Raymond ONE FULL HOUR Weeknights at 8 PM & Sundays at 9 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Hawaii Five-O Weekdays at 10 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Aaron Spelling Sundays Three back-to-back classic shows! Sundays starting at 2P | 1C ON MOST MeTV STATIONS The Carol Burnett Show Weeknights at 10 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Collector's Call Sundays at 5:30 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Svengoolie This week: Blood from the Mummy's Tomb Saturdays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Toon In With Me One Full Hour Weekdays at 6 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Everybody Loves Raymond ONE FULL HOUR Weeknights at 8 PM & Sundays at 9 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Hawaii Five-O Weekdays at 10 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Aaron Spelling Sundays Three back-to-back classic shows! Sundays starting at 2P | 1C ON MOST MeTV STATIONS The Carol Burnett Show Weeknights at 10 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Collector's Call Sundays at 5:30 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Svengoolie This week: Blood from the Mummy's Tomb Saturdays at 7 PM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS Toon In With Me One Full Hour Weekdays at 6 AM ON MOST MeTV STATIONS On MeTV On MeTV Now: M*A*S*H Snappier Judgment: Part 2 B.J. and Hawkeye resolve to clear Klinger's name after he chooses Winchester to defend him at his military court-martial. Up Next: 6:00PM M*A*S*H 6:30PM M*A*S*H Full Schedule Where to Watch Top Stories Alan Alda M*A*S*H Do you know ''Alda'' movies Alan was in? Get it? "All da" movies?! 1 day ago New Year's Eve Fun Facts Are these fun facts about New Year's Eve true or false? From scaring off evil spirits to consuming 360 million glasses of champagne, are these fun facts about New Year's Eve true or false? 2 days ago obituary In Memoriam: Remembering the classic stars we lost in 2025 This year we had to say goodbye to Oscar winners, sitcom legends, music icons, and more. 5 days ago Svengoolie Horror Movies Horror Movie Horror Yikesgeist Blood From the Mummy's Tomb: The director died, but the production lived on! Here's how a death at the helm shaped the movie we love. 2 days ago View More Stories Nostalgia Was this the title of an Elvis movie or a sitcom in the 1960s? Answer these questions, and we'll tell you what you should be doing more of in 2026! Which of these ABBA songs are you jamming to in the new year? More Nostalgia On MeTV On MeTV Now: M*A*S*H Snappier Judgment: Part 2 B.J. and Hawkeye resolve to clear Klinger's name after he chooses Winchester to defend him at his military court-martial. Up Next: 6:00PM M*A*S*H 6:30PM M*A*S*H Full Schedule Where to Watch Apparel Classic TV Shirts Retro Brands Star Trek Movies Apparel Hoodies & Sweatshirts & More Shop Store Electronics Radios Record Players Tape Players CD Players Portable Music & More Shop Store Music Vinyl Records CD's Best Selling New In Stock Band Apparel & More Shop Store Toys & Games Best Selling Board Games Hand Held Video Games Funko Pops! Action Figures & More Shop Store Svengoolie Apparel Drinkware Artist Collection Posters & Prints Blankets Monster Shirts Shop Store Cartoons Looney Tunes Popeye Flintstones Jetsons Garfield & More Shop Store Now playing on Laughing GUESS WHO Listen to Me! Featured Episodes Today 6:00pm M*A*S*H The 200th episode of M*A*S*H Today 7:30pm The Andy Griffith Show Bernard Fox returns to Mayberry! Jan 1, 2:30pm The Rifleman Vic Morrow guest stars! Jan 1, 6:00pm M*A*S*H Academy Award nominee Laurence Fishburne guest stars! Jan 1, 10:00pm The Carol Burnett Show Watch the legendary sketch "The Dentist" in this memorable episode Jan 2, 11:35pm The Twilight Zone Beauty truly is in the eye of the beholder. Jan 2, 7:30pm The Andy Griffith Show The backdoor pilot episode for Gomer's spin-off series! Favorite Shows Everybody Loves Raymond Next episode: Dec. 31 at 8PM S6E130: It's Supposed to Be Fun Phil Rosenthal said that this was the hardest part of writing for Everybody Loves Raymond After Everybody Loves Raymond ended, there were plans to develop a spin-off about Robert Barone. Here's why the series never happened The Andy Griffith Show Next episode: Dec. 31 at 7PM S4E122: Fun Girls All-New Daily Andy Griffith Quiz: ''Hot Rod Otis'' All-New Daily Andy Griffith Quiz: ''Prisoner of Love'' M*A*S*H Next episode: Dec. 31 at 5PM S10E221: Snap Judgment: Part 1 Do you know ''Alda'' movies Alan was in? Producer Burt Metcalfe wanted to put a little sensitivity into M*A*S*H The Waltons Next episode: Dec. 31 at 11AM S1E4: The Hunt Earl Hamner Jr. wanted family shows to have a place in television The Waltons gave Jon Walmsley an opportunity to pursue a music career Shop the new MeTV Mall Hits (Vinyl) - Gladys Knight & the Pips $50.99 Casper the Friendly Ghost - Hearts $19.95 Star Trek - TNG Season 3 Episode 14 (White) $19.95 Sesame Street - Me No Care $24.95 Shop All Quizzes Are these Elvis facts true or false? All-New Daily Andy Griffith  ''The Song Festers'' All-New Daily Andy Griffith  ''Hot Rod Otis'' RIP Brigitte Bardot: How well do you know the French screen icon's career? Would you re-gift these vintage Christmas presents? Are these real Emergency! episode titles, or did we just make them up? Blur quiz: New Years on TV All-New Daily Andy Griffith  ''Prisoner of Love'' How soon do you take down your Christmas lights?... and other important questions View More Quizzes MeTV's Bubble Bopper MeTV's Stacks & Stones Collector's Call Shuffle MeTV's Slinko View More Games More Favorites Emergency! Next episode: Dec. 31 at 4PM S3E53: Propinquity Are these real Emergency! episode titles, or did we just make them up? Julie London had to work with her ex-husband on Emergency! — and you'll never guess who it was! Toon In With Me Next episode: Jan. 1 at 6AM A Bugs Bunny Christmas Quiz Here's how to make the retro holiday recipes you saw on Toon in with Me More Stories Frances Bavier loved acting more than she loved her husband Aunt Bee was a strong, successful woman who didn't need a man! Leonard Nimoy stashed Tootsie Pops in his Tricorder Mr. Spock's candy habits help authenticate classic "Star Trek" props. Producer Burt Metcalfe wanted to put a little sensitivity into M*A*S*H For a show that was about war, M*A*S*H always managed to promote peace. Loretta Swit said her role on M*A*S*H was one of the hardest to play "She's human and humane, and I try to justify her outrageous behavior by being the best nurse in Korea," Loretta Swit said about her M*A*S*H character. What is the correct way to spend the week between Christmas and New Year's Eve? There can be only one! 10 pieces of advice Hugh Beaumont gave to parents in 1959 Get some advice from one of television's top dads! Meet Janet Ellis: Inside the Collection Take a look at this vintage collection featuring everything Betty Boop... and Lulu, too! Phil Rosenthal said that this was the hardest part of writing for Everybody Loves Raymond For Rosenthal, the first few steps were always the most difficult. Jean Stapleton was a Hollywood star, but she lived in rural Pennsylvania Stapleton was a real-life Hollywood Hillbilly. From Los Angeles to Pennsylvania, she liked living two different lifestyles. Earl Hamner Jr. wanted family shows to have a place in television Hamner Jr. wanted to share his family with the world, and he wanted other writers to share their stories, too. After Everybody Loves Raymond ended, there were plans to develop a spin-off about Robert Barone. Here's why the series never happened Actor Brad Garrett explained the situation. Before The Fugitive, David Janssen felt like another cog in the studio system Janssen struggled at Universal MeTV looks back on yesteryear with A Very Special Sunday, featuring reunion, anniversary, and retrospective specials for classic TV! Bid goodbye to 2025 with a marathon of specials on Sunday, December 28, starting at 11A | 10C! How well do you remember these quotes from ''White Christmas''? We're blanking out Bing! Are these real Christmas horror movies, or did we make them up? All I want for Christmas is YOUR SOUL! Frances Bavier struggled to turn Aunt Bee off while at home When show business got tough, Bavier went shopping! Perry Mason's William Hopper started his career with stage fright He nearly lost his acting career due to a little stage fright. Which Robert Barone best describes your mood today? In this house, we know that Robert is the superior Barone son. Make a cup of cocoa and we'll give you a Christmas song to listen to while you sip! Want a little music with your marshmallows? Only the jolliest of Christmas songs will survive this holiday season — you be the judge! Which of these songs will have you rocking around the Christmas tree? Michael Landon had some odd jobs before he found fame on Bonanza Hard work really does pay off—and in Landon's case, it paid well. Are these popular Christmas movies overrated? One of these films is getting coal in their stocking! Andy Griffith once calculated what it would cost to give the Twelve Days of Christmas "Plus sales tax." It's time to play a game: Let's test your game show IQ "Come on down" and test your game show IQ! Gary Burghoff wanted M*A*S*H fans to connect with Radar He was one of the few non-officers on M*A*S*H but had all the characteristics needed to be one. Dan Blocker loved being Hoss, but hated rehearsal He loved the role but hated rehearsals. "I’m a lazy cowboy," he said. Who sang these super successful '70s disco songs? We've got a little disco fever, let's see if you can cool us down. Clint Eastwood was a big name in Italy during the '60s Westerns weren't just for Americans. It turns out, Italians loved 'Rawhide' star Clint Eastwood. William Shatner and Captain Kirk shared common traits We don't know if aliens are out there watching us, but we do know a lot of people had eyes on Shatner. In 2003, Andy Griffith released a Christmas album! Ange wishes us all a Merry Christmas with several holiday classics. George Reeves refused to use a body double on Adventures of Superman The actor frequently practiced judo to stay in shape. Loading About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use WWME FCC Public File EEO Report Children's Programming Report Do Not Sell Or Share My Information WWME © 2025 Me-TV National Limited Partnership Are you sure you want to delete this comment? Cancel Delete Close Are you sure you want to delete this comment? Cancel Delete Set a reminder: Just this episode Alert me by: Text message Email You are setting a reminder for the Central time zone. If this is not your location, click here . CANCEL By using our site, you agree that we and third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information for analytics, advertising, and other purposes described in our Privacy Policy and agree to our Terms of Use Close