Home - Malta Gaming Authority Malta Gaming Authority Search Who We Are Our Work Player Hub Licensee Hub Licensee Portal Competence. Excellence. Innovation. Licensee Register Search by licensee name, authorisation status, URL or Gaming Service Enforcement Register Read through the MGA's latest Enforcement Actions Unauthorised URLs Ensure that the website you are playing on is safe News Latest news and event updates of the Malta Gaming Authority. News 19 December 2025 MGA Issues Interim Performance Report for January to June 2025 The Malta Gaming Authority is releasing its Interim Performance Report for January to June 2025, which may be viewed here.… Read More News 01 December 2025 MGA Awards ESG Code Approval Seals to Licensees for Second Consecutive Year The Malta Gaming Authority has announced the results of its second ESG Code of Good Practice reporting cycle, recognising a… Read More News 27 November 2025 The MGA publishes notice on multiple unauthorised URLs The Malta Gaming Authority is hereby declaring that it has no connection with: Any reference to the MGA and/or gaming… Read More News 04 November 2025 The MGA participates in SiGMA Central Europe 2025 The Malta Gaming Authority (MGA) will be present at SiGMA Central Europe 2025, taking place in Rome from 4 to… Read More News 31 October 2025 The MGA publishes findings of a Thematic Review of the local football betting market The Malta Gaming Authority (MGA) is publishing the findings of a thematic review examining betting activity on Maltese football competitions… Read More News 30 October 2025 The MGA publishes notice on multiple unauthorised URLs The Malta Gaming Authority is hereby declaring that it has no connection with: Any reference to the MGA and/or gaming… Read More View all News Subscribe to our news updates Subscribe Subscribe Join our mailing list to keep abreast of our latest updates. * indicates required Email Address * Licensee Register Interested parties can search by licensee name, authorisation status, URL or Gaming Service. Each heading holds a comprehensive list of all operators. Additional Information can also be viewed through the dynamic seal. Search Licensee Register Enforcement Register All Enforcement Actions taken by the Malta Gaming Authority in accordance with the Gaming Act (Cap. 583) and its relevant directives are listed here-under. Any questions regarding any of these actions are to be submitted to [email protected] Search Enforcement Register Careers - Work with us At the Malta Gaming Authority you will have the opportunity to work with some of the best minds in the industry, with people who are passionate about the gaming industry and work together to succeed. Careers Malta Gaming Authority Who We Are Our Work Player Hub Licensee Hub Licensee Portal Who We Are Our Values Our Structure Careers Organisation Chart Our Work Annual Reports & Audited Financial Statements Regulatory Framework Collaborations Publications Consultations Guidance Notes News Player Hub Licensee Register Lodge a Complaint Safer Gambling Self-Barring Unauthorised URLs Licensee Hub Applications Compliance Enforcement Register ESG Licensee Register Recognition Notice Register Licensee Portal FAQs Self Assessment Tool Contact Us Privacy Policy Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Malta Gaming Authority Who We Are Our Work Player Hub Licensee Hub Licensee Portal Copyright © 2025 Malta Gaming Authority All Rights Reserved. Designed By Redorange Developed By 9H Digital Useful Links Sitemap Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Quality Service Charter Contact Us FAQs Who We Are Our Work Player Hub Licensee Hub Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2025 Malta Gaming Authority All Rights Reserved. Designed By Redorange Developed By 9H Digital Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset