Skip to main content
PreK–12
Higher Ed
Cart
Sign In
US
Find the path to what's possible.

Every teaching and learning journey is unique. We'll help guide your way.

 Watch Anna's Story 
Learn More About Us
Anna's Story

Medical Studies

Guiding You Towards Your Career Goals in Today's Digital Age

McGraw Hill’s Access® mobile app, First Aid Forward™ platform, and Clinical Confidence empower medical students to master board exams like USMLE and COMLEX.

Learn Smart With First Aid Forward™

First Aid Forward is the digital key for medical students aiming for USMLE® success and comprehensive medical education.

Group Discounts Available for Boards & Beyond

Students save on Boards & Beyond memberships when buying more than one subscription at a time.

Clinical Confidence Just Launched

Clinical Confidence from Boards & Beyond applies students’ real-world knowledge when treating patients for the first time in a hospital setting.

Latest News

Learn how we're constantly evolving to meet the ever-changing needs of educators and learners around the world. 

Visit Newsroom
Farrah Bennani, PhD: Innovating Education as a McGraw Hill Pathfinder Award Winner
November 26, 2025

Dr. Farrah Bennani’s passion for teaching and innovation drives her mission to inspire students and elevate learning through real-world problem-solving.

Read More

Tags: Higher Education, Video, Blog

New GenAI Assistants Add Personalized Experiences and Support to McGraw Hill’s K-12 Programs
November 17, 2025

McGraw Hill introduces Teacher Assistant, a curriculum-embedded tool that provides lesson planning support to save educators valuable time, while expanding Writing Assistant nationwide to help students strengthen their writing skills

Read More

Tags: Press Release, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Corporate

Nominations Open for the 2026 McGraw Hill Pathfinder Award Honoring Innovative Educators
November 03, 2025

Fourth annual McGraw Hill Pathfinder Award will recognize three educators across preK-12, higher education and post-graduate education

Read More

Tags: Press Release, Corporate

Our Culture


At McGraw Hill, our mission is to unlock the full potential of each learner. Working together, we are helping to create a brighter future for learners around the world.

Learn More About Us
Working at McGraw Hill

Through our commitment to equality, accessibility and inclusion, we foster a culture of belonging that respects and reflects the diversity of the people and communities we serve.

Red Cube Cares

We're committed to supporting education by giving back to the communities we serve.

Our Commitment to Belonging

Learn more about how we foster a culture of belonging.

Company Info

About Us
Careers
Contact & Locations
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Our Culture
Our Impact
Trust Center

Get Help

Contact Customer Service
Contact Sales Rep
Check System Status
Get Support
Place an Order

Additional Resources

Accessibility
Author Support
International Rights
Our AI Approach
Permissions
Purchase Order
Suppliers
Follow McGraw Hill
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Center
|
Do Not Sell
|
Report a Vulnerability
|
Report Piracy
|
Site Map
© 2025 McGraw Hill. All Rights Reserved.
We respect your privacy. We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze usage, and support our marketing efforts. Adjust your preferences anytime by clicking Privacy Options or learn more in the McGraw Hill Privacy Center
Privacy Options
Accept All