Greater Miami & Miami Beach Hotels, Restaurants & Things to do Skip to Content The Official Website of Greater Miami & Miami Beach Visitors Meeting Planners GMCVB Partners Travel Professionals Press & Media GMCVB About GMCVB Advertising Opportunities VIC Business Relocation Film/TV Production Sports Commission Partner Extranet Login Language English 中文 Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Kreyòl Português EN English 中文 Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Kreyòl Português Explore Explore Explore Things to Do Things to Do See All Things to Do Arts & Culture Attractions Beaches Cruising from Miami Health & Fitness History Multicultural Nightlife Outdoor Experiences Shopping Spa & Wellness Sports Tours & Excursions Water Activities See All Things to Do Arts & Culture Attractions Beaches Cruising from Miami Health & Fitness History Multicultural Nightlife Outdoor Experiences Shopping Spa & Wellness Sports Tours & Excursions Water Activities Added to your favorites Explore Fun, Free Things To Do in Miami Added to your favorites Experience Miami's Concerts & Live Music Events Cities & Neighborhoods Travel Interests Travel Interests See All Travel Interests Accessible Travel Family Friendly Indulgent Experiences LGBTQ Travel Multicultural Miami Outdoor Explorer Pet Friendly Travel Relaxing Getaway Sustaining Miami See All Travel Interests Accessible Travel Family Friendly Indulgent Experiences LGBTQ Travel Multicultural Miami Outdoor Explorer Pet Friendly Travel Relaxing Getaway Sustaining Miami Added to your favorites Looking for Valentine’s plans? Start with Our Romantic Guide Added to your favorites Explore Pet-Friendly Hotels Plan Your Trip Plan Your Trip See All Plan Your Trip Insider Guides Itineraries Weddings Transportation International Travel Signup for our newsletter View our Vacation Planning Guide Visitor Centers Weather Webcams See All Plan Your Trip Insider Guides Itineraries Weddings Transportation International Travel Signup for our newsletter View our Vacation Planning Guide Visitor Centers Weather Webcams Added to your favorites Planning a visit to Miami? Check out these itinerary ideas Added to your favorites Use our Hipster Guide to plan the perfect weekend Added to your favorites Love Music? Find Your Rhythm Added to your favorites Holidays in Miami Places To Stay Places To Stay Explore All Hotels Beachfront Hotels Boutique Hotels Extended Stay Hotels Hotels Near the Airport Hotels Near PortMiami Luxury Hotels Pet-Friendly Hotels Resort Hotels Hotel Deals Explore All Hotels Beachfront Hotels Boutique Hotels Extended Stay Hotels Hotels Near the Airport Hotels Near PortMiami Luxury Hotels Pet-Friendly Hotels Resort Hotels Hotel Deals Added to your favorites Hotels Near SOBEWFF® Added to your favorites Hotels on Ocean Drive Added to your favorites Find Your FIFA World Cup Hotel Eat & Drink Eat & Drink Restaurants Best Brunch Spots Bars & Lounges Best Outdoor Restaurants Try These Rooftop Restaurants & Bars Restaurants Best Brunch Spots Bars & Lounges Best Outdoor Restaurants Try These Rooftop Restaurants & Bars Added to your favorites Miami MICHELIN Restaurant Guide Added to your favorites Looking for Restaurants with Live Music? Events Events See All Miami Events & Festivals December Events Concerts & Live Music Events LGBTQ Events Signature Annual Events Seasonal Events Sporting Events See All Miami Events & Festivals December Events Concerts & Live Music Events LGBTQ Events Signature Annual Events Seasonal Events Sporting Events Added to your favorites Holidays In Miami Added to your favorites The Capital One Orange Bowl College Football Playoff | Jan 1 Added to your favorites South Beach Jazz Festival | Jan 8-11 Deals Deals See All Miami Deals Art & Culture Deals Attraction Deals Cruise Deals Hotel Deals Military Deals Restaurant Deals Tours & Outdoor Deals See All Miami Deals Hotel Deals Art & Culture Deals Military Deals Attraction Deals Restaurant Deals Cruise Deals Tours & Outdoor Deals Added to your favorites Holiday Deals Follow Us Follow Us Visitors Meeting Planners GMCVB Partners Travel Professionals Press & Media GMCVB About GMCVB Advertising Opportunities VIC Business Relocation Film/TV Production Sports Commission Partner Extranet Login Greater Miami & Miami Beach Welcomes You From its vibrant cultural tapestry to its warm hospitality, Miami offers a welcoming embrace to visitors from every corner of the globe. Embark on a journey where every moment is an opportunity to discover, indulge, and create memories that linger long after the sun sets. Whether you're drawn to our stunning beaches , rich culinary scene , or dynamic arts and culture , Miami invites you to explore, connect, and feel welcome in this vibrant, cosmopolitan destination. Come experience the spirit of inclusivity that defines Miami and discover why it's a place where everyone feels welcome. Your perfect Miami experience awaits –  we invite you to come visit and Find Your Miami. What's Happening Now Added to your favorites Unwrap the Magic of the Holidays in Miami Plan your winter holiday escape to Greater Miami & Miami Beach for festive events, dazzling lights, New Year’s Eve celebrations, Black Friday shopping and more. Added to your favorites Celebrate New Year's Eve in Miami Celebrate New Year’s Eve in Greater Miami & Miami Beach with star-studded entertainment, spectacular fireworks, concerts and parties at top hotels. Added to your favorites December Events Here's our guide to the best things to do in December in Miami. Added to your favorites Unwrap the Magic of the Holidays in Miami Plan your winter holiday escape to Greater Miami & Miami Beach for festive events, dazzling lights, New Year’s Eve celebrations, Black Friday shopping and more. Added to your favorites Celebrate New Year's Eve in Miami Celebrate New Year’s Eve in Greater Miami & Miami Beach with star-studded entertainment, spectacular fireworks, concerts and parties at top hotels. Added to your favorites December Events Here's our guide to the best things to do in December in Miami. Shuffle Miami Where salsa spins and the beat drops Explore Miami’s vibrant music scene and catch your favorite artists live. Learn More Winter in Miami Embrace Sunshine and Celebration Discover Miami’s winter events, from best-in-class art to vibrant cultural celebrations. Learn More Wish you were here? We do too! See our live Webcams Acqualina Resort, Sunny Isles Arya Hotel and Suites, Coconut Grove Avalon Hotel, Miami Beach Biscayne Bay North Doubletree by Hilton Grand Hotel, Downtown Miami Downtown Miami Skyline Eden Roc Hotel, Mid Beach Intercontinental Hotel, Downtown Miami Lincoln Road, Miami Beach Little Havana, Calle Ocho Miami Beach, 1st Street Sunny Isles Beach, North View Sunny Isles Beach, South View Virginia Key Beach Park W Hotel, Miami Beach Wynwood Walls Find Your Hotel Miami Hotels From luxurious oceanfront resorts to intimate boutique hotels, Greater Miami has plenty of places to make yourself at home. Learn More Explore our Cities & Neighborhoods Discover the vibrant diversity of Greater Miami & Miami Beach Each of our cities and neighborhoods offers its own distinct charm. Whether you're seeking lively energy, cultural richness, lush greenery or coastal serenity, there's a perfect place for everyone. CITIES & NEIGHBORHOODS NEIGHBORHOODS 1 Airport Area 2 Allapattah 3 Aventura 4 Bal Harbour Village 5 Bay Harbor Islands 6 Biscayne Park 7 Brickell 8 Coconut Grove 9 Coral Gables 10 Cutler Bay 11 Dadeland 12 Doral 13 Downtown Miami 14 El Portal 15 Everglades 16 Fisher Island 17 Florida City 18 Golden Beach 19 Hialeah 20 Hialeah Gardens 21 Historic Overtown 22 Homestead 23 Indian Creek Village 24 Kendall 25 Key Biscayne 26 Liberty City 27 Little Bahamas 28 Little Haiti 29 Little Havana 30 Medley 31 Miami Beach 32 Miami Beach: Mid Beach 33 Miami Beach: North Beach 34 Miami Beach: South Beach 35 Miami Design District 36 Miami Gardens 37 Miami Lakes 38 Miami Shores 39 Miami Springs 40 Morningside 41 North Bay Village 42 North Miami 43 North Miami Beach 44 Opa-locka 45 Palmetto Bay 46 Perrine, Goulds, Richmond Heights 47 Pinecrest 48 South Dade 49 South Miami 50 Sunny Isles Beach 51 Surfside 52 Sweetwater 53 Upper East Side 54 West Miami 55 Westchester 56 Wynwood NEIGHBORHOODS BEACHES (points of interest) BEACHES 1 Bal Harbour 2 Bill Baggs Beach 3 Crandon Beach 4 Haulover Beach 5 Hobie Beach 6 Matheson Hammock Beach 7 Mid Beach 8 North Beach 9 South Beach 10 Sunny Isles Beach 11 Surfside Beach 12 Virginia Key Beach BEACHES OTHER POINTS OF INTEREST POINTS OF INTEREST 1 Miami International Airport 2 PortMiami POINTS OF INTEREST Airport Area The Miami Airport area offers everything you need for a seamless and enjoyable stay, whether you're here for business, a layover, or to explore the city. Explore things to do in Airport Area Airport Area Highlights Added to your favorites How To Make The Most of Your Layover at MIA Added to your favorites Where to Stay Near Miami International Airport Allapattah Delve into Allapattah's art scene and explore MICHELIN restaurants and diverse dining and nightlife options. Explore things to do in Allapattah Allapattah Highlights Added to your favorites Experience Allapattah Added to your favorites Rubell Museum Added to your favorites El Espacio 23 Aventura Best-in-class shopping and dining, as well as adventures in nature at Oleta State Park make Aventura a visitor’s paradise. Explore things to do in Aventura Aventura Highlights Added to your favorites Best Places to Eat In Aventura Added to your favorites Where To Shop In Aventura Added to your favorites Boating and Water Sports In & Around Aventura Bal Harbour Village Home to Bal Harbour Shops, luxury resorts and white sand beaches, Bal Harbour is a tranquil and luxurious enclave. Explore things to do in Bal Harbour Village Bal Harbour Village Highlights Added to your favorites Hotels In Bal Harbour And Sunny Isles Beach Added to your favorites Where to Eat in Bal Harbour Added to your favorites Best Places To Shop In Bal Harbour Bay Harbor Islands Bay Harbor Islands is a small, quaint community with plenty of great shopping and fine dining options to enjoy. Explore things to do in Bay Harbor Islands Bay Harbor Islands Highlights Added to your favorites The Altair Hotel Bay Harbor, Miami Coconut Grove Miami's oldest neighborhood is also one of its most beautiful. Lush, bayside Coconut Grove has a laid-back, tropical vibe and bohemian charm. Explore things to do in Coconut Grove Coconut Grove Highlights Added to your favorites Hotels In Coral Gables And Coconut Grove Added to your favorites Best Brunch Spots In Coconut Grove Added to your favorites Best Places To Shop In Coconut Grove Coral Gables Uncover Coral Gables, the City Beautiful. From Miracle Mile's boutiques to Venetian Pool and the Biltmore Hotel, a blend of historic charm, vibrant culture and scenic wonders awaits. Explore things to do in Coral Gables Coral Gables Highlights Added to your favorites Hotels In Coral Gables And Coconut Grove Added to your favorites Best Restaurants In Coral Gables Added to your favorites Explore Art, Culture and History In Coral Gables Cutler Bay Get a glimpse of Miami's pioneering history at the neighboring South Dade towns of Cutler Bay and Palmetto Bay. Explore things to do in Cutler Bay Cutler Bay Highlights Added to your favorites The Moss Center Added to your favorites What to Do at Southland Mall Doral Home to exciting shopping and entertainment complexes, gorgeous parks and best-in-class golf courses, Doral is a thriving neighborhood. Explore things to do in Doral Doral Highlights Added to your favorites Where To Stay in Doral Added to your favorites Doral Guide Added to your favorites Where To Shop In Doral Downtown Miami The Downtown Miami and Brickell Areas include a multifaceted arts scene, global dining, multicultural ambiance and world-class hotels. Explore things to do in Downtown Miami Downtown Miami Highlights Added to your favorites Downtown Miami Hotels Added to your favorites Best Downtown Miami Restaurants to Visit Added to your favorites Where To Shop In Downtown Miami Added to your favorites Explore Downtown Miami's Vibrant Arts Scene Everglades Go on an adventure in the Everglades and spot subtropical plants, birds, alligators and other wildlife. Bike, hike, camp or take a tram tour. Explore things to do in Everglades Everglades Highlights Added to your favorites Must-See Natural Wonders in the Everglades Added to your favorites What to See and Do in the Florida Everglades Added to your favorites Five Scenic Everglades Airboat Tours Near Miami Fisher Island Accessible only by ferry, this exclusive private residential island was once the winter estate of William K. Vanderbilt II. Explore things to do in Fisher Island Fisher Island Highlights Added to your favorites Spa Internazionale at Fisher Island Club Hialeah Visit vibrant Hialeah, known for its Latin cuisine, flamingos at Hialeah Park Casino, watersports at Amelia Earhart Park and Leah Arts District. Explore things to do in Hialeah Hialeah Highlights Added to your favorites Where to Dine in Hialeah Added to your favorites Hialeah Guide Historic Overtown Explore Miami's Black history in Historic Overtown, a vibrant district with rich culture, iconic venues, and soulful dining experiences. Explore things to do in Historic Overtown Historic Overtown Highlights Added to your favorites Historic Overtown Guide Added to your favorites Historic Hampton House Homestead As the second-oldest city in Miami, Homestead has the perfect blend of farmland, natural beauty, international restaurants and racing entertainment. Explore things to do in Homestead Homestead Highlights Added to your favorites Homestead Guide Added to your favorites Where to Eat in Homestead & Florida City Added to your favorites Fun For Families In Homestead And Florida City Kendall Discover Kendall's attractions, shopping and dining in a leisurely and inviting suburban environment. Explore things to do in Kendall Kendall Highlights Added to your favorites Best Places To Eat In Kendall and Dadeland Added to your favorites Dadeland Mall Key Biscayne Key Biscayne is an oasis of sandy beaches, nature preserves and restaurants with stunning views. Explore things to do in Key Biscayne Key Biscayne Highlights Added to your favorites Key Biscayne Guide Added to your favorites Best Places To Eat On Key Biscayne Added to your favorites Plan a Beach Day On Key Biscayne And Virginia Key Liberty City Experience the vibrant history and upcoming economic revival of Liberty City, Northwest Miami's historically Black community. Explore things to do in Liberty City Liberty City Highlights Added to your favorites Liberty City Guide Added to your favorites 15 Historic Sites In & Around Liberty City Little Haiti Little Haiti is the heart of Miami’s Haitian community, where restaurants and markets offer authentic Haitian cuisine and artisanal goods. Explore things to do in Little Haiti Little Haiti Highlights Added to your favorites Explore Art & Culture In Little Haiti Added to your favorites Where to Eat In and Around Little Haiti Added to your favorites Little Haiti Guide Little Havana Uncover Miami's center of Cuban culture in Little Havana. Explore Cuban restaurants, ventanitas, street festivals and more along its most famous street Calle Ocho. Explore things to do in Little Havana Little Havana Highlights Added to your favorites Explore Arts & Culture In Little Havana Added to your favorites Little Havana Guide Added to your favorites Best Places to Shop in Little Havana Miami Beach Miami Beach is a multidimensional city that feels like it was made just for you. Endless experiences await around every corner of this global destination. Explore things to do in Miami Beach Miami Beach Highlights Added to your favorites Miami Beach: South Beach Added to your favorites Miami Beach: Mid Beach Added to your favorites Miami Beach: North Beach Miami Beach: Mid Beach Discover Miami Beach's Mid Beach, where five-star hotels, acclaimed dining, shopping, best-in-class art scene, entertainment and sparkling shoreline converge. Explore things to do in Miami Beach: Mid Beach Miami Beach: Mid Beach Highlights Added to your favorites Mid Beach Guide Added to your favorites Where To Stay In Mid Beach Added to your favorites Where to Eat In Mid Beach Miami Beach: North Beach Miami Beach's serene North Beach features a boardwalk, historic hotels, distinctive MiMo architecture and outstanding restaurants. Explore things to do in Miami Beach: North Beach Miami Beach: North Beach Highlights Added to your favorites North Beach Guide Added to your favorites Miami Beach Bandshell Added to your favorites North Beach Oceanside Park Miami Beach: South Beach Vibrant South Beach offers an eclectic mix of dining, shopping and galleries, amidst iconic Art Deco buildings. The world-renowned beach is a must for any visitor. Explore things to do in Miami Beach: South Beach Miami Beach: South Beach Highlights Added to your favorites Hotels On South Beach’s Famed Ocean Drive Added to your favorites Where to Eat in South Beach Added to your favorites The Best Things To Do In South Beach Added to your favorites Miami Beach For Families Miami Design District The Miami Design District is a vibrant and sophisticated international destination for fashion, art, architecture and fine dining. Explore things to do in Miami Design District Miami Design District Highlights Added to your favorites Where to Eat In The Miami Design District Added to your favorites Luxury Shopping In The Miami Design District Added to your favorites Best Things To Do In The Design District Miami Gardens Discover Miami Gardens' treasures. With top-notch sports and concerts at Hard Rock Stadium, Caribbean and soul food spots and a casino, there's something for everyone. Explore things to do in Miami Gardens Miami Gardens Highlights Added to your favorites Best Places To Eat In Miami Gardens Added to your favorites Things To Do In Miami Gardens Added to your favorites Hard Rock Stadium Miami Lakes Miami Lakes is a quaint neighborhood with fine dining and shopping. Explore winding streets, green spaces and the family-friendly theater on charming Main Street. Explore things to do in Miami Lakes Miami Lakes Highlights Added to your favorites Miami Lakes Insider Guide Added to your favorites Miami Lakes Restaurants Added to your favorites Miami Lakes Golf Club Miami Shores Miami Shores, a historic 1920s neighborhood, features a variety of architecture styles along tree-lined streets. Enjoy shopping, dining, outdoor art and a waterfront park. Explore things to do in Miami Shores Miami Shores Highlights Added to your favorites Miami Shores Country Club Miami Springs Miami Springs offers small-town flavor. Historical and charming, discover parks, a golf course and architecture styles, including Pueblo and Mission Revival. Explore things to do in Miami Springs Miami Springs Highlights Added to your favorites Curtiss Mansion Added to your favorites Miami Springs Golf and Country Club Added to your favorites Miami Springs Tennis Center Added to your favorites Miami Springs Aquatic Center Morningside A quiet refuge located north of Downtown Miami in the Upper East Side area, the historic Morningside district is known for its Mediterranean Revival-style homes. Explore things to do in Morningside North Bay Village North Bay Village's unique geography makes it a picturesque place to explore Miami's off-the-beaten path treasures. Explore things to do in North Bay Village North Bay Village Highlights Added to your favorites Petralunga North Miami North Miami is a residential community with cultural attractions, beautiful public parks and a wealth of authentic Caribbean and Latin American restaurants. Explore things to do in North Miami North Miami Highlights Added to your favorites Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami Added to your favorites Morton's The Steakhouse - North Miami Beach North Miami Beach From touring a Medieval monastery to spending an afternoon kayaking or picnicking at Oleta River State Park, there is so much to explore in North Miami Beach. Explore things to do in North Miami Beach North Miami Beach Highlights Added to your favorites Ancient Spanish Monastery Added to your favorites Arch Creek Park & Nature Center Opa-locka Opa-locka holds the distinction of having the largest collection of Moorish Revival architecture in the Western Hemisphere. Explore things to do in Opa-locka Opa-locka Highlights Added to your favorites Opa-Locka: The History Of One Of America's Most Unique Cities Perrine, Goulds, Richmond Heights The South Dade neighborhoods of Perrine, Goulds and Richmond Heights hold a fascinating place in Miami’s history. Explore things to do in Perrine, Goulds, Richmond Heights Perrine, Goulds, Richmond Heights Highlights Added to your favorites Perrine Wayside Park Pinecrest A suburban village with an expanding upscale residential community and a historical botanical oasis set in its midst. Explore things to do in Pinecrest Pinecrest Highlights Added to your favorites Pinecrest Gardens Added to your favorites Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ Pinecrest South Dade Find adventure in South Dade. This farmland boasts two national parks, a tropical fruit winery and a professional racetrack. Explore things to do in South Dade South Dade Highlights Added to your favorites South Dade Guide Added to your favorites Best Places To Shop In South Dade Added to your favorites Top Food Trucks in South Dade South Miami South Miami is known for its leafy residential neighborhoods, parks and vibrant downtown filled with historic buildings, restaurants and unique shops. Explore things to do in South Miami Sunny Isles Beach Known for luxury hotels, exceptional dining and a golden shoreline, Sunny Isles Beach is home to lush parks and a 600-foot fishing pier. Explore things to do in Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Highlights Added to your favorites Sunny Isles Beach Guide Added to your favorites Best Places To Eat In Sunny Isles Beach Added to your favorites Hotels In Bal Harbour And Sunny Isles Beach Surfside Surfside is a quiet oceanfront neighborhood. Visitors can enjoy the bike and walking path on the mile-long beach. Find shops, parks and MICHELIN-recognized Josh's Deli. Explore things to do in Surfside Surfside Highlights Added to your favorites Amazing Hotels in Surfside Added to your favorites Surfside Guide Added to your favorites Best Places To Eat In Surfside Sweetwater Home to Dolphin Mall, Sweetwater has evolved into a small city with many shopping centers and thriving businesses. Explore things to do in Sweetwater Sweetwater Highlights Added to your favorites Dolphin Mall Upper East Side Historic shopping districts and a nostalgic urban-tropical vibe define Miami’s Upper East Side neighborhood. Explore things to do in Upper East Side Upper East Side Highlights Added to your favorites The Vagabond Hotel Added to your favorites Miami Ironside Westchester Find a diverse selection of eateries, a sprawling community park, museum, entertainment and more in Westchester. Explore things to do in Westchester Westchester Highlights Added to your favorites Graziano's Bird Road Wynwood Wynwood is one of Miami's hippest neighborhoods. Explore vibrant street murals, visit the iconic Wynwood Walls and dine at top restaurants in the area. Explore things to do in Wynwood Wynwood Highlights Added to your favorites Best Restaurants In Wynwood Added to your favorites Explore Wynwood Walls in Miami Added to your favorites The Best Things to Do in Wynwood Golden Beach Golden Beach is a residential oceanfront town with beachside parks and green spaces with volleyball courts, playgrounds and more. Explore things to do in Golden Beach West Miami Founded in 1947, West Miami still has its small town charm. Explore parks, historic streets, shops and restaurants. Explore things to do in West Miami Biscayne Park Biscayne Park, a residential area with trees, lush green spaces and vibrant wildlife is also an officially designated bird sanctuary. Explore things to do in Biscayne Park Medley Medley is a vibrant blend of industry and leisure. Enjoy indoor go-kart racing, food trucks and international restaurants in this dynamic town. Explore things to do in Medley Medley Highlights Added to your favorites Santa's Enchanted Forest El Portal El Portal is a hidden gem neighborhood, teeming with wildlife, a walking trail and archaeological sites. Explore things to do in El Portal Hialeah Gardens This Cuban enclave is home to sensational seafood, authentic Latin pastries, unique museums and a botanical garden. Explore things to do in Hialeah Gardens Indian Creek Village The exclusive Indian Creek Village is a gated community with waterfront homes and a members-only country club and golf course. Explore things to do in Indian Creek Village Florida City Florida City offers adventure, history, nature and dining options that make it a true gem in the heart of Miami's South Dade area. Explore things to do in Florida City Florida City Highlights Added to your favorites Fun For Families In Homestead And Florida City Added to your favorites Where to Eat in Homestead & Florida City Added to your favorites Florida Pioneer Museum Palmetto Bay Known as the "Village of Parks," Palmetto Bay is home to lush green spaces, picturesque waterfront views, and an array of recreational opportunities. Explore things to do in Palmetto Bay Palmetto Bay Highlights Added to your favorites Deering Estate Added to your favorites Thalatta Estate Park Little Bahamas Discover Little Bahamas, a vibrant neighborhood with over 150 years of history and culture. Explore things to do in Little Bahamas Brickell Discover Brickell, with its thriving arts and culture scene, upscale restaurants, lively bars, shopping, attractions and parks, it's a great place to explore. Explore things to do in Brickell Brickell Highlights Added to your favorites Best Restaurants in Brickell Added to your favorites Brickell City Centre Added to your favorites Things to do in Downtown Miami and Brickell Dadeland Dadeland is a vibrant, walkable neighborhood for shopping, dining, or exploring, and offers something for everyone Explore things to do in Dadeland Miami International Airport Transportation Use our new Discover Destinations Interactive Mapping Tool to plan your next visit to Miami. Learn more about Miami International Airport Added to your favorites PortMiami Transportation At PortMiami, we believe the port people sail from should be as enticing as the ports of call on their itinerary. Learn more about PortMiami Added to your favorites Bal Harbour For a beach day that blends serene relaxation with effortless luxury, Bal Harbour Beach is the perfect escape. Just north of Miami Beach, this pristine stretch of white sand offers a tranquil retreat with stunning ocean views in every shade of blue. Whether you're unwinding beneath swaying palms, taking a refreshing dip in the calm waters, or enjoying a leisurely stroll along the shore, Bal Harbour is all about peaceful indulgence. Learn more about Bal Harbour Added to your favorites Matheson Hammock Beach Matheson Hammock Beach is a hidden oasis where nature and relaxation come together. Nestled along Biscayne Bay, this serene escape features the unique atoll pool—a naturally filled, manmade lagoon surrounded by soft sand, swaying palms, and stunning coastal views. The calm waters make it a perfect spot for families, especially those with young children looking for a safe place to splash and play. Learn more about Matheson Hammock Beach Virginia Key Beach Tucked away just minutes from Downtown Miami, Virginia Key Beach is a hidden gem that offers a perfect mix of natural beauty and peaceful seclusion. This scenic island escape features soft sands, swaying palm trees, and stunning views of Biscayne Bay. Learn more about Virginia Key Beach Added to your favorites Crandon Beach Offering two miles of soft white sand, swaying palm trees, and calm, shallow waters perfect for swimming. Located on Key Biscayne, this family-friendly beach is known for its scenic beauty, nature trails, and abundance of outdoor activities. Spend your day kayaking, paddleboarding, or exploring the park’s lush ecosystems, including a coastal hammock and mangrove forest. With picnic areas, cabana rentals, and even a nearby golf course and tennis center, Crandon Park Beach is the perfect blend of relaxation and recreation. Learn more about Crandon Beach Hobie Beach Hobie Beach is Miami’s go-to spot for water sports, scenic views, and a laid-back vibe. Located on Key Biscayne's Rickenbacker Causeway, this breezy beach is famous for its shallow waters, making it a favorite for windsurfers, paddleboarders, and kayakers. It’s also one of the few dog-friendly beaches in Miami, so your furry friend can splash around, too! With stunning views of Biscayne Bay and the downtown Miami skyline, plus plenty of spots to relax with a picnic or grab a bite from nearby food trucks, Hobie Beach is the perfect spot for a fun and casual day by the water. Learn more about Hobie Beach Bill Baggs Beach Escape to Bill Baggs Cape Florida State Park, home to one of the nation’s top-rated beaches and the iconic Cape Florida Lighthouse. Nestled on the southern tip of Key Biscayne, this hidden gem offers a mile of pristine shoreline perfect for sunbathing, swimming, and unwinding. Whether you’re fishing off the pier, exploring scenic nature trails, or enjoying a picnic under the palms, Bill Baggs Beach is the ultimate spot for a peaceful yet adventurous beach day. Learn more about Bill Baggs Beach Mid Beach This stretch of shoreline is known for its pristine white sand, turquoise waters, and an effortlessly chic atmosphere. Whether you're lounging under an umbrella, taking a refreshing dip in the Atlantic, or strolling the scenic Miami Beach Boardwalk, Mid-Beach delivers a classic Miami beach experience with a touch of sophistication. Learn more about Mid Beach North Beach This beautiful serene beach in Miami Beach's North Beach area, has been voted the best for its crowd-free green spaces and lovely walking trails on the sand and is a great alternative to some of the more popular beaches of the area. This expanse of tranquil beach has lifeguards on duty for your safety and plenty of room to spread out and listen to the sounds of the waves as you soak up the sun. Dogs are allowed on leash in the park - not on the beach, but you can picnic there as well if you want to bring along your furry friend for a day in the sun. Learn more about North Beach South Beach A day at the beach in South Beach is pure Miami magic—golden sands, clear turquoise waters, and a vibe that’s equal parts laid-back and electric. Soak in the rays, or rent a cabana for the ultimate beachside experience. The energy here is contagious: volleyball games, roller skaters gliding by, and music drifting from nearby cafés. Whether you're here to unwind, people-watch, or dive into the action, South Beach delivers the perfect mix of relaxation and excitement. Learn more about South Beach Added to your favorites Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach is where luxury meets laid-back coastal charm. Nestled between the Atlantic Ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway, this stunning stretch of sand offers crystal-clear waters, upscale oceanfront resorts, and a relaxed, family-friendly vibe. Whether you're sunbathing on the soft sand, paddleboarding along the shore, Fishing or taking a stroll on the iconic Newport Fishing Pier, there’s no shortage of ways to soak in the beauty of this tropical paradise. Learn more about Sunny Isles Beach Added to your favorites Haulover Beach Haulover is also home to Miami’s famous clothing-optional beach—so if you’re looking for a tan without the lines, you’re in the right place! With plenty of amenities, including beach wheelchairs, pedestrian tunnels, and easy access to the marina, Haulover Beach is a must-visit for beach lovers of all kinds. Learn more about Haulover Beach Surfside Beach From the first light of sunrise to the golden hues of sunset, this pristine stretch of sand invites visitors to unwind, stroll along oceanfront paths, or enjoy an invigorating jog on the elevated dune trail. Learn more about Surfside Beach Added to your favorites Neighborhoods Celebrating a Centennial Start Exploring Added to your favorites Coral Gables Uncover Coral Gables, the City Beautiful. From Miracle Mile's boutiques to Venetian Pool and the Biltmore Hotel, a blend of historic charm, vibrant culture and scenic wonders awaits. Miami Inspiration Find Your Experience Added to your favorites Family Fun Guide Create unforgettable family memories in Miami with our guides to the best kid-friendly activities, events, attractions, restaurants and more. Added to your favorites Multicultural Miami Greater Miami & Miami Beach offers a mosaic of cultures that can be shared through art, music and food. Discover the unique stories and histories of people from all corners of the world. Added to your favorites Pet-Friendly Travel With pet-friendly hotels, dining, beaches and more, traveling with your pet in Miami is easy. Added to your favorites Accessible Travel in Miami Discover how Greater Miami & Miami Beach is a destination for visitors of all abilities. Added to your favorites LGBTQ Miami From marquee gay annual events to a vibrant family-friendly queer scene, Greater Miami & Miami Beach is a welcoming community for LGBTQ travelers. Discover Your Miami: Where Diversity, Culture, and Innovation Converge Find Your Miami Find Your Wave - Indulge your imagination as you explore the best Miami Beach has to offer Miami - A Destination Like No Other South Beach Like a Local Downtown Miami Discoveries Getting Creative in Wynwood Explore Things To Do in Miami Added to your favorites Attractions From outdoor adventures to art museums and historic sites, choose your own adventure among Miami’s top attractions. Added to your favorites Outdoor Activities Natural attractions and nature-focused activities are as much a part of Miami as its modern, man-made diversions are. No visit would be complete without taking the opportunity to experience Miami’s great outdoors. Added to your favorites Sports Year-round sunshine and top-of-the-line sporting facilities with championship-winning teams make Greater Miami & Miami Beach a paradise for sports fans. Added to your favorites Arts & Culture Greater Miami & Miami Beach is a world-class destination for arts and culture that will inspire and captivate you with its spirited energy and contemporary vision. Added to your favorites Tours & Excursions From walking tours focusing on art, architecture or local cuisine, to Biscayne Bay cruises or an Everglades excursion, this destination offers something for every traveler. Sign Up For Our Newsletter Get the scoop on the best things to do, places to go and featured attractions all over Miami. Submit Something went wrong. Please check the form and try again. By signing up, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy . THANK YOU! Who we are Diversity is in our DNA. It is part of our cultural fabric. It helps define our destination’s global brand and is a key differentiator for us.  We thrive on our destination’s authenticity of people, neighborhoods and experiences and is what helps makes our community an ideal place to live, work, play and visit. Learn more Lights, Camera, Miami: Your Gateway to Film and TV Production in Paradise With its sunny beaches, vibrant nightlife, beautiful scenery, production resources, and film incentives, Greater Miami and Miami Beach is the ultimate choice for a winning script. Start Exploring Get Social With Us @VisitMiami top 201 S Biscayne Blvd, Suite 2200 Miami, FL 33131 USA 1-305-539-3000 1-800-933-8448 Contact Us About GMCVB Accessibility Statement Employment at GMCVB Privacy Policy Follow Us! SIGN-UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Thank you for your submission ! STAY IN THE KNOW WITH ALL THINGS GREATER MIAMI & MIAMI BEACH By signing up, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy .
                                We won’t share or sell your email address. You may unsubscribe at any time. Sign Me Up Something went wrong. Please check the form and try again. © 2025 Official website Greater Miami Convention & Visitors Bureau. All rights reserved.