Accessibility Options:
Skip to Content
Skip to Search
Skip to footer
Office of Disability Services
Request Assistance
305-284-2374
Display:
Default
High Contrast
APPLY
About UM
Give to UM
Schools 
Alumni
Search
Tools 
 
Academics	Admissions	Student Life	
	Research	UHealth	Athletics
University of Miami
Featured Stories
Previous Main Slide

Canes College Football Playoff: Game info, watch parties, and live coverage.

Canes College Football Playoff

﻿Game info, watch parties, and live coverage.

Related Links

Canes CFP Central

Next Main Slide
NEWS
WHAT’S OPEN ON CAMPUS THIS WINTER BREAK?
PHOTOS AND VIDEOS FROM COMMENCEMENT
FALL 2025 COMMENCEMENT COVERAGE
 EVENTS
 NEWS
STUDENT STORIES
APPLY NOW PLAN A VISIT REQUEST INFO UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION
Students bring stories to life through Telemundo partnership

A new program is giving students hands-on experience developing and producing podcasts that will be published by Telemundo Studios.

Rocket Canes soar to new heights

The student-run Rocket Canes club allows engineering students the chance to design, build, and launch rockets for real-world experience.

U MIAMI ON:
univmiami - Dec 29
Calling all Canes! We need your help celebrating the Canes heading to the Cotton Bowl. Email sebastianfacebook@miami.edu with a photo answering the prompts below for a chance to be featured. We’ll be creating postcards just like Sebastian’s. I’m a Cane from ______ The Canes https://t.co/hzCDcchQqd
umiamimedicine - Dec 27
Balancing full-time clinical work with graduate school, Julieta Benitez found a way to expand her impact through our Online M.P.H. program. While working as a medical and research assistant at @Nicklaus4Kids, her independent study evolved into a gastroenterology research project
univmiami - Dec 27
#UMiami alumni and fans are heading to Dallas to cheer on the Canes at the Cotton Bowl. Learn more about the festivities and watch parties: https://t.co/JguwA3E2qj @UM_alumni https://t.co/0LF7e78pFj
UniversityofMiami - Dec 27
4 more days… 🙌 #umiami #universityofmiami #cfp
UniversityofMiami - Dec 27
#UMiami alumni and fans are heading to Dallas to cheer on the Canes at the Cotton Bowl. Learn more about the festivities and watch parties: bit.ly/49uK5DK University of Miami Alumni Association
UniversityofMiami - Dec 26
From a historic College Football Playoff appearance to an upcoming Cotton Bowl showdown, the Canes are inspiring communities across Miami-Dade. bit.ly/4b3XrrN
How long have U been a Canes fan
By University of Miami
Canes showed up in style
By University of Miami
univmiami - Dec 23
12 months, 12 photos of the U! 🙌 #umiami #universityofmiami #umiami100
ALUMNI STORIES
Books for the holidays

Alumni and friends of the U have compelling stories to tell. This holiday season, give the gift of reading with these recent titles.

Celebrating the power of music

The Winter Wonderful gala presented the Frost Legacy Award to Gloria and Emilio Estefan and honored Dean Shelton G. Berg.

Former Hurricanes pitcher graduates, 60 years later

At 82, John Siegler finishes his undergraduate degree and fulfills a lifelong dream, graduating with the Class of 2025.

From paratrooper to psychology graduate

Veteran and University staff member Martin Peeples juggled a full-time job with college classes to earn his bachelor’s degree.

EXPERIENCE U MIAMI
Previous Set of Photos
Lakeside Village Pavilion
The Lakeside Village Pavilion is one of the event venues in the heart of the 12-acre Lakeside Village.
- Submitted by: Joshua Prezant/University of Miami
Lakeside Village
Opened to students in Fall 2020, Lakeside Village is a 12-acre village comprised of 25 interconnected buildings and a multitude of outdoor spaces including a grand courtyard, study spots, recreational spaces, and outdoor terraces.
- Submitted by: Housing & Residential Life
Harold Long Jr. and H.T. Smith Student Services Building
Students walk past the Harold Long Jr. and H.T. Smith Student Services Building, the first structure in the University’s history named after Black alumni.
- Submitted by: Joshua Prezant/University of Miami
Donna E. Shalala Student Center
The 120,000-square-foot Donna E. Shalala Student Center is where students go to eat, study, attend events, meet up with friends, make things happen, and just relax.
- Submitted by: Mike Montero/University of Miami
Canopy within palm trees
Canopies float among the palm trees on the Coral Gables Campus.
- Submitted by: Mike Montero/University of Miami
Sebastian the Ibis
A bronze statue of our mascot Sebastian the Ibis welcomes current and former students to the Newman Alumni Center. The sculpture was crafted by artist Patrick Flibotte and funded by alumnus Samuel H. Ballam, III, B.B.A. ’72.
- Submitted by: TJ Lievonen/University of Miami
F.G. Walton Smith research vessel
The F.G. Walton Smith research vessel sits on the bay at the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science.
- Submitted by: Mike Montero/University of Miami
‘Fate’ Accompli
“Hey, Mom. Want to build a bridge?” student Hannah Weese asked, half joking, But Elizabeth Grass Weese agreed, donating $1 million from the Grass Family Foundation to create the 210-foot Fate Bridge across Lake Osceola in memory of Hannah’s grandfather Alexander Grass, the Rite Aid founder.
- Submitted by: Scott Fricker
Relax on a Rocker
Lush landscapes abound on the University's Coral Gables campus.
- Submitted by: Mike Montero/University of Miami
The Billy Goat
Designed and built by 13 UM architecture students during the fall 2014 semester, The Billy Goat, a mobile coffee kiosk, is open weekdays from 9:15 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Operated by School of Architecture students, the kiosk is named after goats that discovered coffee beans in ancient Ethiopia.
- Submitted by: TJ Lievonen/University of Miami
Endless Shades of Summer
Colorful foliage from more than 500 species of flora keeps the 239-acre Coral Gables campus looking festive and cool despite sizzling temperatures.
- Submitted by: Scott Fricker/University of Miami
The Rathskeller
Sink the 8 ball or savor the mac 'n' cheese bites at The Rathskeller.
- Submitted by: The University of Miami Magazine
Alfred C. Glassell, Jr. SUSTAIN Building
The Alfred C. Glassell, Jr. SUSTAIN Building on the Marine Campus is capable of generating Category 5 hurricane-force winds in a 3D test environment.
- Submitted by: Mike Montero/University of Miami
Getting Fit
The Patti and Allan Herbert Wellness Center, one of the nation’s largest, most comprehensive university-based fitness centers, houses an indoor lap pool, saunas, spinning and Pilates studios, kickboxing and Zumba classes, cooking instruction, racquetball and basketball courts, massages, and much more!
- Submitted by: The University of Miami Magazine
Next Set of Photos
TOP
University of Miami
Coral Gables, FL 33124
305-284-2211
UM Network
About UM
UM News and Events
Admissions
Alumni & Friends
UHealth
Hurricane Sports
University Hotline
UOnline Programs
Canes Culture
Tools and Resources
Academic Calendar
People Search
myUM
IT Help and Support
CaneLink
Blackboard
Workday
Careers
EASE Grant Performance
For the Media
Visit
Campus Map
Parking & Transportation
Connect
social-facebook
social-twitter
social-youtube
social-instagram

Copyright: 2025 University of Miami. All Rights Reserved. Emergency Information Privacy Statement & Legal Notices Title IX & Gender Equity Website Feedback

Individuals with disabilities who experience any technology-based barriers accessing University websites can submit details to our online form.