Strategy – AI+BI Platform for Enterprises NEW: Get a 30-day trial of Strategy One Standard. Start now. NEW Mosaic BI Solutions Resources Partners About Merch Strategy.com Watch Demo Let's Talk Build an AI-Ready, Trusted Data Foundation for your Enterprise Connect every data silo, control your business definitions, and consume trusted data in any application — without the cost and complexity of data warehouses and integration. Explore Mosaic Strategy helps you seamlessly integrate and engage with data Our data platform delivers governed insights and AI readiness on any cloud, at unparalleled scale The Universal Intelligence Layer Deliver governed, AI-optimized access to data that scales with your enterprise—eliminating the trade-offs between flexibility, control, and speed. Data Clarity and Connection Eliminate data chaos with a unified source of truth for consistent insights across all applications, ensuring enhanced flexibility and data integrity. Scalable, Secure, Cost-Effective Proven scalability, robust security at the semantic layer, and centralized business logic to lower Total Cost of Ownership. Accelerate AI-Ready Models Enhance data with semantic context for better AI understanding. Use AI to streamline model creation and reduce time to insight. Explore Mosaic The AI-Powered Enterprise Analytics Platform The AI+BI platform trusted to deliver intelligence everywhere, on any cloud, at enterprise scale. AI-Powered Insights and Flexibility Leverage native AI integration to quickly uncover insights, create customized dashboards, and drive innovation in enterprise analytics. Enterprise-Grade Analytics for All Democratize data with powerful BI tools that ensure accessibility, scalability, and a cloud-native architecture tailored to your environment. Unified Data and Performance Streamline data access by integrating various sources into a unified platform, ensuring timely insights that enhance agility and support faster decision-making. Explore Strategy One Don't let your data foundation limit your enterprise intelligence Empower your organization to deliver consistent information across departments. Accelerate innovative data projects, cut costly integrations, and lower warehousing expenses. Experience seamless information flow for a smarter, more efficient enterprise. Reduce data warehouse and integration cost Enforce business definitions and security Create an AI-ready data foundation Accelerate data product delivery Ensure vendor freedom Reduce data warehouse and integration cost Leverage existing data infrastructure to lower cloud query expenses and Total Cost of Ownership. Get your data foundation AI-ready with Mosaic Trusted by the world's most innovative companies. Built to meet you where you are Our tools are designed with flexibility and versatility at their core, adapting to your unique roles, industries, and needs. Financial Services Transform your institution with data-driven insights Financial Services Healthcare Improve patient outcomes with powerful healthcare analytics Healthcare Retail Free your data to transform your retail business Retail Government Modern analytics for government. Government Education Turn education data into better outcomes for students and staff Education Manufacturing Turn manufacturing data into better outcomes for operations and supply chains Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Turn audience data into better outcomes for content and engagement Media & Entertainment Technology Turn product and customer data into better outcomes for growth and innovation Technology Built with tech partners you can trust Our enterprise-level technology stack is built to help you make faster, smarter decisions. Learn more about our Technology Partners Get your enterprise's data AI-ready and unlock your AI+BI potential today with Strategy. Watch the Strategy One product tour Discover Mosaic I'm ready to talk to a human AI+BI Platform Why Strategy One Strategy One AI Analytics Cloud-native Dashboards Embedded Analytics Enterprise Reporting HyperIntelligence Mobile Analytics Semantic Layer Download Workstation Community API Documentation Knowledge Base Partner Directory Download Software Solutions Customer Stories Financial Services Government Healthcare Technology Retail For Data Leaders For IT Leaders For Product Leaders Solutions Hub Services Consulting Cloud Support Education Upgrade More Blog Events & Webinars Research & Reports World 2026 Strategy vs. BOBJ Strategy vs. Cognos Strategy vs. Power BI About Become a Partner Bitcoin Treasury Careers Contact Us Investor Relations Leadership Merch Store Strategy Hub English ​ © 2025 Strategy. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Media Kit Legal Terms of use Privacy policy MicroStrategy is now Strategy! I can tell you more!