menu
MENU
search

AI innovation begins with Micron

EXPLORE MICRON AI

AUTOMOTIVE

Powering next-gen automotive intelligence
Explore UFS 4.1

DATA CENTER

Micron helps set STAC-M3™ world records
Read more

AI

Edge AI accelerates with Micron
Join us at the edge

AI

Powering the AI data center revolution
Learn how

DATA CENTER SSD

Three great drives. One solid family
View Data Center SSDs

MEMORY

Micron samples first HBM4 to power AI platforms
Read press release
 LEARN MORE 
Innovation makes new solutions possible

Data center

Choose the right data center memory and storage solutions and get control over the essential systems affecting your business.

Learn more

Client PC

Micron’s flexible memory and storage powers PCs from thin and light notebooks that last all day on a single battery charge to powerful data-hungry workstations.

Learn more

Automotive

For more than 30 years and trillions of miles, Micron has been committed to bringing high-performance memory and storage technology to the automotive industry.

Learn more

Mobile

Mobile memory and storage accelerate AI-driven technologies that enable predictive, insightful and new experiences for end users.

Learn more

MARKET AND INDUSTRIES

Memory and storage for industrial IoT solutions

Micron engineers advanced memory and storage solutions designed to meet the dynamic demands of industrial IoT and aerospace systems. Our technologies provide exceptional performance, reliability, and longevity, ensuring high-quality applications with a zero-defect mindset.

EXPLORE IOT SOLUTIONS
Featured blogs

AUTOMOTIVE

Micron extends functional safety leadership from automotive to industrial markets

Ignazio Martines | August 2025

View industrial blog

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

5 things you need to know about AI at the edge

Micron Technology | August 2025

View the AI blog

SSD

Micron G9 NAND-based SSDs set the pace for AI and cloud

Alvaro Toledo | July 2025

View the SSD blog

COMMUNITY

Back to school, forward with Micron!

Dr. Kim Cherry Burnett | August 2025

View community blog
SEE ALL BLOGS
Design tools

Your single source for tools and resources needed to maximize Micron's products and solutions for your design needs.

FBGA & part decoder
DRAM power calculators

NAND power calculator
Simulation models
Chipset compatibility guides
SPD part number lookup
Cross-reference tools

UFSparm
SSD firmware
Software & drivers

Storage Executive software
Obsolete part catalogs
VIEW ALL DESIGN TOOLS

CAREERS

Your future starts here

At Micron, we foster a culture of inclusion and growth to bring out the best in each other. With global opportunities, team member development and career advancement, we invest in you. Help us drive tomorrow's technology to enrich life for all.

Innovate with us

U.S. EXPANSION

Building memory manufacturing in the U.S.

Micron’s memory fabs in Idaho, New York and Virgina will strengthen U.S. economic and national security and are expected to create approximately 90,000 direct and indirect jobs across the U.S. semiconductor supply chain.

Learn about U.S. expansion

Design tools

Access our design tools and resources to test, build, and maintain high-performance solutions to support your design process.

Visit design tools

Search for, filter and download data sheets

Get in-depth information about product features, specifications, functionality, and more.

Search for data sheets
Order a Micron sample

Your online source for placing and tracking orders for Micron memory samples.

Order samples

Downloads and technical documentation

Resources to help you design, test, build and optimize your innovative designs.

Downloads and tech docs
Products Markets & Industries Partners Sales & Support About Investor relations
CONTACT US
Legal Micron privacy notice Suppliers Terms and conditions of sale Careers Your privacy choices

©2025 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. All information is provided on an “AS IS” basis without warranties of any kind. Drawings may not be to scale. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Notice | Website Terms of Use
Accept All Reject Non-Necessary
Manage Settings