Micro:bit Educational Foundation | micro:bit Skip to content Language العربية Català Cymraeg Español Français Gaeilge Hrvatski 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) српски 简体中文 繁體中文（台灣） Help translate Help & support Safety Go to home page Get started Get started Projects Projects Teach Teach Let's code Let's code About us About us Buy Buy News News Language Help & support Safety Micro:bit Educational Foundation Inspire every child to create their best digital future Teacher resources Get started Begin your micro:bit journey Guides and videos to take you from first use to confident coder, creating your own micro:bit magic. Take your first steps First lessons with MakeCode & the micro:bit Get started Free, in-person event | Barcelona, Spain | 27 - 28 February 2026 Register now Free online micro:bit courses for teachers Learn at your own pace micro:bit CreateAI Get hands-on with AI and machine learning Use movement and machine learning to start your AI journey with the micro:bit Explore micro:bit and AI Learn to code From beginner to confident user and beyond We help you pick the programming tool that's right for you, from block coding to text-based programming with Python. Microsoft MakeCode Python Classroom Let's code Professional development Our courses for teachers and educators Our free online training courses allow you to develop your computing and micro:bit knowledge in your own time and at your own pace. Explore our courses Features in depth Discover the power of the micro:bit Explore features in depth Creative projects Get coding and change the world! Transform your micro:bit with quick Make It: Code It projects. Transform your world with problem-solving activities and the do your :bit challenge. View all projects Emotion badge Use your micro:bit to express how you’re feeling Read more Saving sea creatures Two simple projects to learn about the threats faced by fish and sea turtles and how technology can help them survive and promote bio-diversity. Design challenges for finding solutions to the Global Goals for sustainable development (SDGs). Read more Dice Shake your micro:bit to make random numbers Read more Protecting animals on land Two simple activities exploring how technology can be used to protect biodiversity in your neighbourhood and the wider world using the BBC micro:bit. Design challenges for finding solutions to the Global Goals for sustainable development (SDGs). Read more Step counter Make your own step counter with a micro:bit Read more Healthy oceans Two longer, advanced projects to explore how wireless networks, smart materials and algorithms can help keep our oceans clean. Design challenges for finding solutions to the Global Goals for sustainable development (SDGs). Read more Teleporting duck Teleport a duck between micro:bits using radio Read more About us Overview Mission Meet the team Student showcase Case studies Research Awards Get involved Donate Become a partner Be a micro:bit Champion Translate the website Be a beta tester Developer community Policies Accessibility Safeguarding Terms of use Privacy policy Cookies Get in touch Help & support Contact us Work for us Sign up to our newsletter Join us Follow us © Micro:bit Educational Foundation