Middle East Monitor – Latest news from the Middle East and North Africa clear News Asia & Americas Africa Europe & Russia Middle East expand_more Opinion Articles Blog Asia & Americas Africa Europe & Russia Middle East expand_more Reviews Books Films & Documentaries Events & Articles expand_more Features Interviews Profiles On this day Palestine This Week MEMO in Conversation Dispatch from Gaza expand_more Publications Reports Briefing Papers Fact Sheets Documents expand_more Multimedia Videos & Photo Stories Explained MEMO Monitoring You've Been Served Discover the Middle East MEMO Conferences: Speeches Infographics Twitter Trends Podcasts expand_more More Palestine Book Awards MEMO Publishers About Us Contact Us expand_more Free Subscription Creating new perspectives since 2009 English Edition expand_more English Edition Portuguese Edition Free Subscription search Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Free Subscription search Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Loading... Latest Featured LIVE UPDATES: Israel to revoke permits of international aid groups operating in West Bank, Gaza Israeli occupation authorities have notified more than ten international humanitarian organisations that their permits to operate in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip will be revoked After Gaza, no alliance is permanent: Justice and the reordering of West Asia The Gaza war has altered West Asia not merely by unleashing another cycle of... EU commissioner warns Israel against blocking charities in Gaza EU Commissioner for Equality, Preparedness and Crisis Management Hadja Lahbib said on Wednesday that... Will Chile hold the line on Palestine under Kast? José Antonio Kast’s victory in Chile’s presidential election, with nearly 58 per cent of... Trending news Today This week News Tony Blair pressured officials to keep UK soldiers accused of abusing Iraqis out of civil courts, files reveal Article Iran’s buck-passing strategy in the Middle East News Israel’s decision to recognize Somaliland illegitimate, unacceptable: Turkish President Erdogan News US, Saudi Arabia discuss Yemen tensions, regional security News European nations, Canada, Japan voice ‘serious concerns’ about ongoing Gaza crisis News UAE announces end to its military presence in Yemen News Lazzarini calls Knesset vote against UNRWA ‘outrageous’ and a challenge to ICJ rulings Article The penalty for disagreeing with government policy on Palestine is 14 Years in prison News Anger in Israel as Turkey deploys radar systems in Syria Article Iran’s ballistic bunker-busters: Smashing Israel’s rules of war? News Iran rejects inspections of bombed nuclear sites until IAEA defines ‘post-war conditions’ News Israel’s membership suspended from European Transport Safety Council over government actions News Ben-Gvir flees after being pelted with stones in Palestinian village in Negev News Israel uproots 8,000 trees in West Bank in one week, causing $7m in losses Latest news See all EU commissioner warns Israel against blocking charities in Gaza Storms damage shelters in Gaza as aid access remains blocked: UN Erdogan says Israel’s recognition of Somaliland is illegal, Turkey plans energy exploration and port project in Somalia Disputes deepen inside Israel as supreme court president hits back at Smotrich Switzerland: Humanitarian situation in Gaza has reached catastrophic levels Emirati officers burn files at al-Rayyan airport before leaving Hadramout World Council of Churches calls for sanctions on Israel Malaysian premier slams Israel’s recognition of Somaliland, links it with ‘forced transfer of Palestinians’ Somali president says his country got Turkey’s support amid sovereignty threats Israel to revoke permits of international aid groups operating in West Bank, Gaza Spain orders removal of ads for rentals in occupied Palestinian territories Israel settler violence forces closure of only primary school in occupied West Bank village Lazzarini calls Knesset vote against UNRWA ‘outrageous’ and a challenge to ICJ rulings US, Saudi Arabia discuss Yemen tensions, regional security Over 177,000 Syrians returned home voluntarily from Jordan in 1 year: UN European nations, Canada, Japan voice ‘serious concerns’ about ongoing Gaza crisis Israel’s decision to recognize Somaliland illegitimate, unacceptable: Turkish President Erdogan Arab League chief urges immediate halt to escalation in Yemen UAE announces end to its military presence in Yemen Iran’s president vows ‘severe’ response to any ‘aggression’ after Trump’s threat Tony Blair pressured officials to keep UK soldiers accused of abusing Iraqis out of civil courts, files reveal Iran warns of immediate and severe response to any attack Hamas says Netanyahu’s stalling and US silence obstruct move to second phase 25 Palestinians die in Gaza amid severe weather since start of December Opinions See all Article The recognition of Somaliland as an Israeli geopolitical weapon Sayid Marcos Tenorio The recognition of the so-called Somaliland by Israel does not constitute a neutral diplomatic gesture nor a peripheral detail of its foreign policy. It is a deliberate political operation,... Article After Gaza, no alliance is permanent: Justice and the reordering of West Asia Ranjan Solomon Article Will Chile hold the line on Palestine under Kast? Eman Abusidu Article Iran’s buck-passing strategy in the Middle East Hamid Bahrami Article The Quad’s paper tiger problem: Why the Indo-Pacific strategy is faltering Jasim Al-Azzawi Blog A “humanitarian superpower”? Ramona Wadi Article On @israellovesindonesia and Israel’s growing online campaign in Indonesia Dr. Muhammad Zulfikar Rakhmat Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up Trending Opinions Tony Greenstein The penalty for disagreeing with government policy on Palestine is 14 Years in prison Dr Mohammad I. Aslam Iran’s ballistic bunker-busters: Smashing Israel’s rules of war? Adnan Hmidan A legal victory that shakes the Zionist narrative: What comes after the Bob Vylan and Reginald D Hunter cases? Dr Musab Yousufi UAE President to visit Pakistan to bolster trade, investment and strategic ties Irfan Chowdhury Britain’s dark history of child abuse in Yemen Dr Kamran Yeganegi Energy transition or power redistribution? A geopolitical reading of the New Middle East Must see See all smart_display Palestinians risk lives crossing separation wall to reach Jerusalem collections Storm causes severe damages to displaced people’s tents on the Gaza beach collections Palestinians in Gaza swim in the Mediterranean, seeking mental healing after the war smart_display Can imperial Israel ever cross a red line for Arab states? | Palestine This Week with Mouin Rabbani Featured Writers Eman Abusidu Bolivia denounces Netanyahu’s Gaza campaign as a ‘massive invasion’ Ramona Wadi The EU’s discrepancies in humanitarian aid rhetoric MEMO in conversation MEMO in Conversation with Motasem A Dalloul MEMO spoke to Motasem A Dalloul, a survivor of Israel’s genocide in Gaza, in the first of a new series of regular updates from the ground. Dalloul describes the daily struggle to survive: hunger, cold, the collapse of healthcare, and ongoing Israeli violations despite the so-called ceasefire. MORE >>> MEMO in Conversation With Interviews Political thinker Saif al-Din Abdel-Fattah: The events in Gaza have revived global opposition to aggression and genocide The Arab Book Fair in Istanbul, held in the second week of last August, featured an important new book: “The Dictionary of Resistance: The Al-Aqsa Flood and Its Centrality in the Coming Great Change” by Prof. Dr. Saif al-Din Abdel-Fattah, Professor of Political Theory and Thought at Cairo University. In this book, Abdel-Fattah closely follows the Al-Aqsa Flood since its outbreak on October 7, 2023. We met the political thinker and discussed with him his vision of the Flood, the role of resistance against the occupation, his interpretation of Palestinian steadfastness, and the regional and global reactions — both popular and official. We also touched on his expectations for the future of the Palestinian cause in light of the Flood […] Reviews The Fall of the Assads: The End of Half a Century of Tyranny in Syria and How it will Change the World In 1971, Hafez Al-Assad seized power in Syria and in 2000 his son Bashar Al-Assad succeeded him ruling the country until he was toppled in 2024. The half a century rule of the Assad family has reshaped the Mediterranean country, but grasping the essentials of their rule often gets lost in a polarised media environment. James Snell’s new book The Fall of the Assads: The End of Half a Century of Tyranny in Syria and How it will Change the World offers clear sighted essentials for understanding their rule. ‘Syria under Bashar Al-Assad was a kingdom of fear, a place where saying the wrong word to anyone might mean arrest, torture and death.’ The book is organised into chapters looking […] Palestine This Week Can imperial Israel ever cross a red line for Arab states? | Palestine This Week with Mouin Rabbani This week’s episode starts with Gaza and the forced displacement of Palestinians, using the No Place Under Heaven report to explain how people are being pushed from place to place while basic conditions for life are deliberately denied We then look at Israel’s wider plan in Gaza: building permanent military control, changing the geography on the ground, and trying to rule through local proxy forces, and why that approach is now failing. The episode then moves to the political fallout beyond Gaza. We discuss the generational divide among Jewish voters highlighted by support for Zohran Mamdani, before looking at how Israel is once again pushing the US toward a possible war with Iran and the role neoconservative thinking still plays […] Africa Asia & Americas Middle East Europe Book Reviews Blog Opinion Reviews Multimedia Podcast: Middle East Monitor Conversations Podcast: Palestine This Week Editorial Guidelines About Us Palestine Book Awards Contact Us Privacy Policy MEMO Publishers All Stories Archive Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up © Ardi Associates Ltd 2009- . All Rights Reserved | Legal Pages | Privacy Policy Middle East Monitor is owned and operated by Ardi Associates Ltd