MidFirst Bank | True to You Loading Timed Out Your request has timed out. Please try your request again. Close Javascript must be enabled for this site to function. If you have an old browser you may need to upgrade your browser . Skip to content MidFirst banking centers will be closed on Thursday, January 1, in observance of New Year’s Day. Log In Log In Personal Online Banking Payroll Card Employee Credit Card Business Online Banking Business Online Banking Express Business Credit Card eZ Business Company Admin Images Lockbox Central NetImage Payroll Card Employer Remote Deposit ZEscrow ZRent Wealth Management Account Investment Services Personal Online Banking Business Online Banking Business Online Banking Express Personal Online Banking * Remember Me Log In Enroll Now Forgot User ID BusinessCompanyID * UserID * Remember Me Log In Log In Banking ID * Remember Me Log In Enroll Now Log In CompanyID * UserID * Remember Me Log In Log In BusinessCompanyID * BankingID * Remember Me Log In User ID * Remember Me Log In Enroll Now Forgot User ID Log In CompanyID * UserID * Remember Me Log In Log In Log In Log In Log In Log In Log In Log In Log In Open Navigation Log In About Us Schedule Appointment Open an Account Open Spend Submenu Spend Checking Debit Cards Credit Cards Team Cards Open Save Submenu Save Savings and Money Market CDs and IRAs Investment Services Open Borrow Submenu Borrow Equity Loans Personal and Vehicle Loans Mortgages Open Ways To Bank Submenu Ways To Bank Online and Mobile Banking Digital Wallet Company Club Financial Resources Preventing Fraud Open Business and Commercial Submenu Business and Commercial Business Online and Mobile Banking Business Checking Business Savings Products Business Investing Business Card Solutions Merchant Services Treasury Management Business Lending Specialty Banking MidFirst Business Credit Paycheck Protection Program Open Private Wealth Submenu Private Wealth Private Banking Wealth Management Trust Services Customized Solutions Markets and Bankers Locations Get a $300 Business Bonus Give your growing business the momentum it needs with a $300 bonus* and our essential banking tools. Open a new Momentum Business Checking account to get started. Get More Details MidFirst Bank is True to you Whether you are starting a new business or planning your dream vacation, we're committed to helping you achieve your financial goals. Partner with us and make your dreams a reality. Learn About MidFirst Bank Strong. Stable. Private. At $41.2 billion in assets, MidFirst Bank is the largest privately owned bank in the nation. MidFirst can trace its roots back to 1954, starting as a mortgage company, evolving to the national institution it is today. Learn More About MidFirst's Strength You are seeing product information for 12232 Change Location Change Location Enter Zip Code Save Cancel Proud Partner of: Get 20,000 Bonus Points Earn 20,000 bonus rewards points when you open a Rewards Credit Card.* Redeem your points for $200 cash back, gift cards, travel or merchandise. Start Earning Rewards Get paid up to 2 days early with Early Pay!* Early Pay allows many customers to receive their eligible direct deposits from employment or government benefits up to two days early.* Already have direct deposit? No sign-up required! Learn About Early Pay Automatically Save When You Shop Easy$ave rounds up your debit card purchases to the next whole dollar and transfers the difference to your MidFirst savings or money market account. Start saving today! Enroll in Easy$ave Spend Explore innovative and intelligent spending solutions that adapt to the life you lead, such as checking accounts , debit cards and credit cards . Spend with MidFirst Bank Save MidFirst Bank offers a variety of savings options no matter your financial goals. Explore our personal savings accounts , CDs and retirement accounts . Save with MidFirst Bank Borrow Discover a wide range of borrowing options for life's biggest decisions. We offer equity , mortgage , personal and vehicle loans to help you meet all of life's moments. Borrow with MidFirst Bank True to You Wherever your journey takes you, MidFirst Bank knows you can reach new heights as long as you remain true to yourself. Which is why we do everything we can to help you along the way. Find a Location Contact Us Career Center Financial Resources Privacy and Security Practices California Privacy Policy Preventing Fraud Copyright © 2025 MidFirst Bank. All rights reserved. Member FDIC .