Migadu Email Pricing Pro/Cons Guides Support Sign In Try for Free The Missing Email Service For Domains Consolidate all your email addresses and domains at a flat price.
      Take back your email liberty and give unlimited email addresses to
      all your projects, clients and family members. Try for Free See pricing Batteries included. No credit card required. NEWS : We've redesigned Migadu for you. Read the background story and what it means for you . Standards Email Hosting Our base offer is standards-oriented email hosting with full support for SMTP, IMAP4, POP3 as well webmail.
      No proprietary protocols or clients, ever. Direct Postmasters' Support For all your needs, you get first-hand assistance from real postmasters maintaining the system.
      We do not outsource our support. Have Unlimited Addresses We price email based on actual usage, not address space.
      It's your domain and all addresses on it are at your disposal at no extra cost. No Advertising, No Tracking Everyone in the tech business plays the advertising card at some point.
      We've played ours already. No ads here ever, not even our own. Setup Concierge DNS setup can be intimidating and cause of many problems. If needed, we can
      setup your DNS for email without any additional fees. IPv4 + IPv6 Support Send, receive and access your mails over either IPv4 or IPv6.
       IPv6 not only expands address space but makes the Internet more efficient. Auto-Responder Going off-line for a while? Setup a simple auto-responder so people
      do not expect an immediate answer. Use any Email Client As we use standard email protocols, any standard email client with non-obsolete secure communication protocols will work. Forwarding A copy of once-received messages in your Inbox can be automatically forwarded to your secondary addresses. Up to 25 of them. Built-in DNS A simple, straight-forward DNS is built-in and it comes with email records preconfigured for Migadu. Bootstrapped & Independent We are self-funded, independent and a profitable company registered in Switzerland.
      Our interests align with our users and not those of investors. Here to Stay We have been serving users worldwide since 2014.
       Web agencies, startups, families, NGOs and many others entrust us their email needs. Security, Privacy, & Trust Your emails are your own business. We have no interest in them.
      We do not access 1 , analyse 2 , scan or share any user data. Continuously Monitored We're never running on auto pilot.
       We monitor all traffic patterns across all domains. We often catch abuse before it happens. Refund Guarantee Migadu may turn out not to be for you. We offer a full refund within
      the first 7 days. The following 7 days we may give a pro-rata refund,
      after which all sales are final. There is (way) more... SIEVE Filtering Filter your incoming messages using SIEVE scripts which you can manage using ManageSieve protocol.
      A built in editor is being developed. Aliasing & More Routing to your mailboxes is in your control.
      Support for simple or rule-based aliases is built-in. Modern Encryption Standards All traffic to and from us as well within our service is
      fully encrypted using latest standards. Monitor Activity Track daily activities on your email domains. Prevent abuse or data leakage by monitoring email traffic. Functional Admin Our administration panel is different than most you have seen. It is an opinionated
      application that wants to minimize your time in it, not maximize it as it
      has become norm nowadays. Catchalls Afraid of missing improperly addressed messages on your domains?
      We support catchalls, though we do not recommended them. Built on Open Source Migadu is built and operated 100% on top of open source technologies.
      We contribute to the branch we are sitting on, both financially and with code. Multi-Admin Access Sharing the account with multiple admins? No problem, you can even limit
      admins to specific domains only. Automatic Footers Love sending disclaimers or no-print reminders in your messages?
      Configure a footer and it will be automatically attached to your outgoing messages. Got own clients? Unlimited Domains & Mailboxes No limits on the number of addresses or domains your account can have. Multi-admin Access You can open multiple administrators for your account and limit access
      to only selected domains. Set Limits Prevent quota starvation by setting limits on the domains and mailboxes. Monitor Domain Health If a domain DNS configuration is broken, be the first to know about it. No Lock-In We use only standard email protocols which means you can easily extract your
      data at any point in time. Backups All mailboxes are continuously backed up and ready for restoration in case
      of malware or user mistakes. Management Panel Our admin panel won't win any beauty contests and that's a good thing.
      It's built to be obvious and efficient. We do not distract with
      irrelevant branding, mood illustrations, animations and noise, and let you go fast about your business. We respect your time just as much we do ours. For Agencies For Retailers For Families For Freelancers For Startups For Non-Profits For Students Email Freedom Pricing Email Clients Webmail Access Support API About Us Blog Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Refund Policy Contact Us Acceptable Use Report Abuse No Spam No Phishing No Fraud No Violence For the world, Made in Switzerland Copyright © Migadu-Mail GmbH 2025