Milanote - the tool for organizing creative projects Milanote How people use Milanote By profession Creative professionals Creative directors Filmmakers Photographers Marketers Designers UX/UI designers Graphic designers Motion designers Interior designers Game designers By team Creative companies Agencies Startups Product teams Product designers Product managers Developers & engineers By technique The creative process Moodboarding Brainstorming Storyboarding Creative writing Creative briefs Productivity Note-taking Project management Mind-mapping Whiteboarding Remote working Log in Sign up for free Close Navigation Get organized. Stay creative. Milanote is an easy-to-use tool to organize your ideas and projects into visual boards. Sign up for free The Evernote for Creatives Bryan Clark The Next Web Collect everything in one place Write notes & to-do lists Simple text editing and task management make it easy to add your thoughts to a board. Upload images & files Milanote supports all common file types including JPGs, PDFs, Word, Excel, common design files and many more. Save text, images & links from the web The Milanote Web Clipper lets you save inspiration and ideas from any website with a single click. Add notes & photos from your phone Anything you save in the Milanote app will be ready to organize as soon as you're back at your computer. Organize visually Milanote's flexible drag and drop interface lets you arrange things in whatever way makes sense for your project. Collaborate with your team Use Milanote as your online whiteboard to brainstorm ideas and work with your team, wherever they’re located. Milanote is used by: Designers Creative directors Marketers Writers Agencies Startups Designers use Milanote to organize their projects Find out how Creative directors use Milanote to organize their inspiration into moodboards Find out how Marketers use Milanote to organize their campaigns Find out how Writers use Milanote to outline their stories Find out how Agencies use Milanote to organize their creative projects Find out how Startups use Milanote to figure out what's next Find out how Milanote has become our digital way to look at inspiration, see process and critique work. Jeremy Perez-Cruz Brand Design Manager at Uber Milanote is an amazing place to organize my ideas and make sense of them as they grow. Brendan Kearns Product Designer at InVision Milanote is a visual extension of my brain. Thomas De Monaco Photographer for Chanel An exquisite app for collecting, organizing & generating ideas. Philip Fierlinger Co-founder & Head of Design at Xero A beautiful tool for planning creative projects. Tina Roth Eisenberg Founder/Designer at Swiss Miss Milanote is just lovely. A needed complement to recent minimal text note taking excellence. Josh Musick Principal Design Director at Frog Creative professionals from these companies use Milanote Try Milanote today Free with no time limit Product Templates Guides Inspiration Product Download the Mobile app Download the iPad app Download the Desktop app Download the Web Clipper Support support@milanote.com Help centre Plans & pricing Upcoming features Release notes Application status Company info@milanote.com Careers Press kit Privacy policy Terms of service Cookies settings Follow Milanote Twitter Facebook Instagram Our blog Milanote