SCORES
SCHEDULE
TEAMS
STANDINGS
STATS
NEWS
PROSPECTS
MLB
WATCH
TICKETS
SHOP
LOG IN
These prospects commandeered the spotlight in 2025

When they say "breakout prospect," they're talking about these guys. Here is a player from each organization who became one to watch this past season after initially flying under the radar.

0:00

0:00

Altoona's Awful Night

The Altoona Curve -- Double-A affiliate of the Pirates -- create a hilariously bad gameday experience with Awful Night

Minor League Baseball Stories

Celebs who played
in the Minors

Top 10
Prospects

2025 Minor League
Champions

Best views
in MiLB parks

Moon Mammoths
make their debut

Meet the 2025
Top 10 Draft picks!

Great new MiLB
eats for 2025

Check out new
Copa de la Diversión
teams

Best storylines from
the '25 MLB Draft

All-Star Futures
Game rosters

Best on-field swag
from the All-Star
Futures Game

2025's best Triple-A
Statcast pitches

13 cool new
caps for 2025

Prospect Team
of the Week:
Aug. 25-31

John Oliver
introduces the
Moon Mammoths

Prospect Team
of the Week:
Sept. 1-7

Prospect Team
of the Week:
Aug. 18-24

Prospect Team
of the Week:
Aug. 11-17

Prospect Team
of the Week:
Aug. 4-10

Prospect Team
of the Week:
July 28-Aug. 3

Prospect Team
of the Week:
July 14-20

Prospect Team
of the Week:
July 7-13

Prospect Team
of the Week:
June 30-July 6

Whisenhunt turning
heads in
Sacramento

Prospect Team
of the Week:
June 23-29

Highlights

0:26

Konnor Griffin homers with his dad in the booth

0:14

Kevin McGonigle's first pro 2-HR game

0:33

Leo De Vries' second homer of the game

0:35

Jesús Made collects his second four-hit game

0:33

JJ Wetherholt's first multihomer game at Triple-A

0:32

Sebastian Walcott delivers a walk-off hit

0:34

Samuel Basallo notches three extra-base hits

0:26

Max Clark's leadoff home run

0:34

Colt Emerson's three-run home run

0:34

Walker Jenkins' first Triple-A homer

0:13

Nolan McLean ties his career high with 10 strikeouts

0:32

Bryce Eldridge launches a 470 foot homer

0:34

Josue De Paula collects three extra-base hits

0:34

Bubba Chandler strikes out a season-high nine batters

0:34

Eli Willits' three-hit pro debut

0:27

Andrew Painter fans six in five scoreless frames

0:28

Travis Bazzana's first professional multihomer game

0:24

Luis Peña hits a triple, steals three bases

0:35

Ethan Holliday's first professional home run

0:33

Zyhir Hope's four-hit game

2:35

The RiverDogs host Toilet Paper Night

2:36

The Curve host Awful Night

1:29

Fans try RubberDucks' concessions hits

0:28

Braylin Morel's three-run homer

0:24

Austin Gordon's first strikeout
Here's every new Minor League alternate identity announced for 2026 so far

From the Carolina Reapers to the Pawtucket Hot Wieners, these are the alternate identities taking the world of Minor League Baseball by storm starting in 2026.

Here are the 12 top moments from 2025 MiLB season

This year brought top prospect showcases, awe-inspiring events and furry friends. Minor League Baseball is something else. Take a look back at the 12 most memorable moments from the 2025 MiLB season.

J. Cijntje
FOLLOW
J. Briceño
FOLLOW
R. Anthony
FOLLOW
K. George
FOLLOW
T. Yesavage
FOLLOW
J. Berry
FOLLOW
T. Southisene
FOLLOW
A MiLB team hosted a LIVE recording of the official MiLB podcast during a game

The Somerset Patriots -- Double-A affiliate of the Yankees -- hosted The Show Before the Show podcast for a live recording during a game! Here's how it went down.

Patriots
FOLLOW
Yankees
FOLLOW
Ballpark Guides Presented By Wyndham
Explore the D-backs' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Braves' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Orioles' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Red Sox Minor League ballparks
Explore the Cubs' Minor League ballparks
Explore the White Sox Minor League ballparks
Explore the Reds' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Guardians' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Rockies' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Tigers' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Astros' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Royals' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Angels' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Dodgers' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Marlins' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Brewers' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Twins' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Mets' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Yankees' Minor League ballparks
Explore the A's Minor League ballparks
Explore the Phillies' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Pirates' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Padres' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Giants' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Mariners' Minor League Ballparks
Explore the Cardinals' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Rangers' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Rays' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Blue Jays' Minor League ballparks
Explore the Nationals' Minor League ballparks
Joliet Slammers — owned by Veecks, Bill Murray -- to play in prison from 'The Blues Brothers'

The Joliet Slammers of the Frontier League are set to play an exhibition at their namesake slammer -- the Old Joliet Prison. The team has announced "The Big House Ballgame" will take place on April 30, 2026, giving fans a chance to see baseball in a correctional facility where it was played by inmates for 88 years.

This Minor League team created an absolutely AWFUL night at the ballpark -- on purpose

How bad can a night at the ballpark be? The Altoona Curve -- Double-A affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates -- decided to find out. Welcome to the WORST promotion in baseball. It's Awful Night!

Curve
FOLLOW
Pirates
FOLLOW
Scout of the Year program honors Padres' retiring White, four others

In an annual highlight of the Winter Meetings, the Scout of the Year program celebrates evaluators and administrators for their contributions to baseball. It did so again in Orlando, Fla., with one of the honorees using the occasion to announce his retirement.

D-backs named recipient of second annual MiLB Sportsmanship Award

Minor League Baseball announced the Arizona Diamondbacks organization as the recipient of the second annual MiLB Sportsmanship Award. This award is presented to the Major League Baseball organization whose Minor League personnel best exemplify MiLB’s commitment to fostering a culture of sportsmanship and professionalism on the field. Four organizations were

D-backs
FOLLOW
Mets' Dick Scott, Reds' Pat Kelly win Bender, Coolbaugh Awards for player development service

Minor League Baseball announced the selection of longtime baseball executive, manager and coach Dick Scott as the 17th winner of the Sheldon “Chief” Bender Award and Cincinnati Reds Minor League manager Pat Kelly as the recipient of the 17th annual Mike Coolbaugh Award.

MiLB podcast talks Quakes' new look, welcomes legendary 900-win skipper to the show

On the latest Show Before the Show, the crew discusses Rancho Cucamonga's new color scheme as the Angels' Single-A affiliate and Tri-City Dust Devils manager Dann Bilardello on hitting the 900-win plateau in the Minors and his first Major League homer off Hall of Famer Tom Seaver.

This Minor League team had its fans redecorate the ballpark ... with toilet paper

Following in a long line of promotions that get fans into the center of the action -- think "Silly String Night" -- the Charleston RiverDogs gave everybody at the game a chance to unroll a wild time with Toilet Paper Night at Joseph P. Riley Jr. Park.

RiverDogs
FOLLOW
Rays
FOLLOW
The pitcher who was let out of jail, threw a complete game, then went back to jail

In something that could only really happen in the Minor Leagues in 1931, Tony Freitas was let out of jail to pitch for the Pacific Coast League's Sacramento Senators. Freitas stretched his jail bed-weary legs, rotated his handcuff-heavy arms and proceeded to dominate the contest Shohei Ohtani-style.

Popular MiLB jersey takes center stage in All Elite Wrestling ring

Getting ready to talk trash to your opponent before a title fight? Rock a Trash Pandas jersey, naturally. Eddie Kingston has never been one to mince his words. But ahead of his AEW Men’s World Championship match against Samoa Joe on All Elite Wrestling: Dynamite, he dug into his wardrobe and broke out one of Minor League Baseball’s most popular uniforms.

Trash Pandas
FOLLOW
MiLB podcast reveals logo set, hat for listener-created imaginary Minor League team

Ben Hill, Sam Dykstra and Tyler Maun discuss new alternate identities coming to the Minors next season, the unveiling of the Huntington Hellbenders and more on the latest Show Before the Show podcast.

Latest MiLB News
Prospects who broke out -- 1 for every team -- this season
20 exciting prospects set for professional debuts in 2026
Here's every new Minor League alternate identity announced for 2026 so far
These were the best Minor League promos of 2025 -- one from every farm system
Here are the 12 top moments from 2025 MiLB season
9 farm systems that improved the most in 2025
Cards get two RHPs (including rising 19-year-old Fajardo) in deal for Contreras
Tampa Bay lands four ranked prospects, Comp. Round A pick in deal for RHP Baz
Who will be the No. 1 prospect in each system one year from now?
These 5 prospects improved their stock the most in 2025
These are the top tools in the Dodgers' farm system
Here's Pipeline's first full 2026 mock draft
Who will be the No. 1 prospect in each system one year from now?
These are the top tools in the Yankees' farm system
Complete prospect rankings
Prospect Rankings
Top 100 Prospects

1. Konnor Griffin, PIT

See Complete Top 100 »

Top 10 by Position

Catcher
1. Samuel Basallo, BAL

See All Top 10 by Position »

International Top 50

1. Luis Hernandez, SS

See All Top 50 prospects »

Connect with MILB:

© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
By continuing to use our services, you agree to the MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK