Sections
News
Pay & Benefits
Flashpoints
Education & Transition
Pentagon & Congress
Off Duty
Veterans
Military Honor
Subscribe Now
Opens in new window
Top stories
Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions
New guidance from the Justice Department concluded that the VA lacks legal authority to provide the procedure — including in cases of rape or incest. 
Ukraine peace plan ‘scares the bejesus out of us,’ officials say
The U.S.-led plan caps Ukraine's military end-strength at a smaller number than it currently stands, while doing little to check Russian hostilities.
Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’
Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved or where it occurred.
Featured
A list of US military strikes against alleged drug-carrying vessels
Army, NATO allies test stealth in new FPV drone warfighter competition
Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’
Latest
Iran leader says country in ‘full-fledged’ war with US, Israel, Europe
Pezeshkian is ramping up rhetorical attacks on what he sees as unfairly repressive measures emanating from Washington and its allies.
This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR
Brenden Borrowman, a retired Army veteran, founded Neurova Labs to focus on treating the physiological injury underlying conditions like PTSD and TBI.
Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb
A U.S. Army soldier is participating in a clinical trial at Walter Reed testing a neural-enabled prosthetic limb designed to restore the sense of touch.
What to know about the militants targeted by US airstrikes in Nigeria
President Donald Trump said on social media that the “powerful and deadly” strikes in the Nigerian state of Sokoto were carried out against IS gunmen.
SPECIAL FEATURES
Submit a FREE veteran obituary
Military Times has partnered with Legacy on a special online memorial where you can read through U.S. veterans’ obituaries and publish a FREE veteran obit
Insurance Guide
Military Times has the latest information about car insurance, renters insurance, and life insurance for troops.
2025 PCS Guide
Read up on tips and tricks in Military Times’ 2025 Permanent Change of Station Guide.
2025 Benefits Guide
Learn how your military benefits — including health care, retirement pay and more — have changed in 2025.
EDITOR'S PICKS
Your Military
US Army’s 10th Mountain Division stands up new drone attack unit
The newly formed company will also work alongside the division’s innovation unit to develop and produce in-house drone components.
Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor
After surviving World War II, Marcario García had another war to fight.
Latest class of guardians first to don new dress uniform at graduation
The graduation ceremony marked the first time trainees were authorized to wear the service dress uniform instead of prototypes.
Ode to James Ransone’s memorable portrayal of a junior enlisted Marine
In just seven episodes, James Ransone churned out one of the most relatable on-screen depictions of life as a junior enlisted Marine.
In other news
Six wargames to add to your holiday gift list
Some wargames aren't available to the public. Fortunately, there are games out there that can be obtained without needing a security clearance.
Santa’s elves have been busy bringing cheer to military families
We pined for the comforts of home. We got socks for Christmas instead.
Opinion
Winning the long game: Sustaining sea power as our enduring advantage
Opinion
Beware of NATO’s enlargement trap
Review: ‘In Waves and War’ shows promise of psychedelics to treat PTSD
The documentary, streaming Monday, follows a group of veterans undergoing experimental treatments currently not approved for clinical use in the U.S.
An enduring symbol: why troops keep naming things after reptiles
From cobras to gators, reptilian mascots and call signs appear on patches, aircraft and unit logos across every branch. Why?
By Clay Beyersdorfer
Battlefield 6 review: the return of a war game worth fighting for
After the rocky reception of Battlefield 2042, game developer DICE needed a strong comeback. The new Battlefield 6 mostly delivers, our reviewer writes.
The next military shooter showdown: ‘Call of Duty’ vs. ‘Battlefield’
This fall, two video game franchises are going head-to-head, with the upcoming releases of "Call of Duty: Black Ops 7" and "Battlefield 6."
Don't miss
‘The Terminal List: Dark Wolf’ cements dominance of military thrillers
Country music no longer owns the troops, and that’s a good thing
The National Guard, DC landscaping and the great pursuit of lethality
Back-to-school, military edition: why August is also admin hell
Deployment playlists, then and now: from Walkmans to wireless despair
US Air Force vet charged with felony assault with a deli weapon
VIDEOS
The state of US hypersonic capabilities | Defense News Weekly Full Episode 12.13.25
As China and other U.S. rivals claim to field operational hypersonic missiles, where does the U.S. stand in developing its own weapons? An expert weighs in.
Featured Videos
Honoring accomplishment and courage: profiles of the 2023 Service Members of the Year
Fireside chat with Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Daryl Caudle
Kickstart Your Financial Goals This New Year — Money Minute
Does the US need a ‘hypersonic czar’?
Which service is leading the US hypersonics race?
MORE STORIES
What to know about the militants targeted by US airstrikes in Nigeria
President Donald Trump said on social media that the “powerful and deadly” strikes in the Nigerian state of Sokoto were carried out against IS gunmen.
4 days ago
Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria
The president says the U.S. launched a “powerful and deadly" strike against ISIS forces in Nigeria, claiming the group targeted Christians.
4 days ago
Navy needs to improve fire safety enforcement on ships, watchdog warns
Staffing shortages and ineffective ways of ensuring contractors comply with safety standards threaten to derail fire prevention efforts, GAO found.
By Riley Ceder
5 days ago
China’s military buildup makes US increasingly vulnerable, DOD says
The Pentagon's latest annual report on the People’s Liberation Army described China’s recent buildup as “historic.”
By Tanya Noury
5 days ago
New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks
Lakanwal remains charged with first-degree murder, assault with intent to kill and illegal possession of a firearm in the Nov. 26 shooting.
By J.D. Simkins
6 days ago
Trump approves deployment of 350 National Guard troops to New Orleans
Pentagon spokesman Sean Parnell said Tuesday that Guard members will be tasked with supporting federal law enforcement partners.
6 days ago
Ode to James Ransone’s memorable portrayal of a junior enlisted Marine
In just seven episodes, James Ransone churned out one of the most relatable on-screen depictions of life as a junior enlisted Marine.
By J.D. Simkins
6 days ago
Santa’s elves have been busy bringing cheer to military families
Santa takes time for train rides with military families through Alaska, and to attend parties with gifts and treats.
By Karen Jowers
6 days ago
Over $13 billion in US military aid to Israel improperly tracked: IG
Investigators warned that such lapses increase the risk of sensitive U.S. weapons technology falling into the hands of hostile actors.
By Tanya Noury
6 days ago
Ham, turkey and cigars? A look at Christmas festivities during WWII
It's not too late to put Snowflake potatoes on one's Christmas day menu.
By Claire Barrett
7 days ago
Load More
Trending Now
The American who was held in Ireland’s WWII internment camp — twice
Latest class of guardians first to don new dress uniform at graduation
New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks
Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb
How America observed Christmas — at home and abroad — during WWII
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

Military Times © 2025

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Get Us
Subscribe
Opens in new window
Newsletters
Opens in new window
RSS Feeds
Opens in new window
Shop Merch
Opens in new window
Contact Us
Advertise
General Contacts, Subscription Services
Editorial Staff
About Us
About Us
Careers
Opens in new window
Jobs for Veterans
Opens in new window