Home | Miller Center Skip to main content Main navigation The Presidency U.S. Presidents George Washington John Adams Thomas Jefferson James Madison James Monroe John Quincy Adams Andrew Jackson Martin Van Buren William Harrison John Tyler James K. Polk Zachary Taylor Millard Fillmore Franklin Pierce James Buchanan Abraham Lincoln Andrew Johnson Ulysses S. Grant Rutherford B. Hayes James A. Garfield Chester A. Arthur Grover Cleveland Benjamin Harrison William McKinley Theodore Roosevelt William Taft Woodrow Wilson Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge Herbert Hoover Franklin D. Roosevelt Harry S. Truman Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton George W. Bush Barack Obama Donald Trump Joe Biden Presidential Speeches Presidential Oral Histories Secret White House Tapes Listening to the Presidency Issues & Policy U.S. Domestic Policy Foreign Policy Economics Governance Experts Events Upcoming Events Past Events Donate Donate Subscribe Footer About Contact Us Miller Center Governing Council Miller Center Foundation Privacy Policy Notice of Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Download millercenter.org Data Help inform the discussion Support the Miller Center Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube Instagram University of Virginia Miller Center University of Virginia Miller Center Main navigation The Presidency U.S. Presidents George Washington John Adams Thomas Jefferson James Madison James Monroe John Quincy Adams Andrew Jackson Martin Van Buren William Harrison John Tyler James K. Polk Zachary Taylor Millard Fillmore Franklin Pierce James Buchanan Abraham Lincoln Andrew Johnson Ulysses S. Grant Rutherford B. Hayes James A. Garfield Chester A. Arthur Grover Cleveland Benjamin Harrison William McKinley Theodore Roosevelt William Taft Woodrow Wilson Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge Herbert Hoover Franklin D. Roosevelt Harry S. Truman Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton George W. Bush Barack Obama Donald Trump Joe Biden Presidential Speeches Presidential Oral Histories Secret White House Tapes Listening to the Presidency Issues & Policy U.S. Domestic Policy Foreign Policy Economics Governance Experts Events Upcoming Events Past Events Donate Donate Subscribe Miller Center Homepage America’s Current Economy Is a Security Risk On the Shield of the Republic podcast, Eric Edelman discusses the Council on Foreign Relations report on U.S. economic security Watch The economic data isn’t fake. But it is measuring the wrong things. Schlesinger Professor Chris Lu explains on Substack that voter anxiety is driven by everyday affordability Read more The new Miller Center Substack channel Subscribe to our new Substack channel for regular insights from the Center's experts and scholars Read more Presidential resources for teachers The Miller Center features materials that help teachers bring history alive for their students Learn more Miller Center 50th anniversary video collection This special video series, prepared in celebration of the Center's 50th anniversary, highlights our key programs Watch Featured Video December 12, 2025 'Rural Versus Urban: The Growing Divide That Threatens Democracy' Suzanne Mettler, Richard Schragger, and the Miller Center’s Sidney Milkis discuss the economic and social factors driving political polarization, particularly the growing urban/rural divide in America. Upcoming events January 15 6:00 PM Display time On A Conversation with Dr. Cornel West & Dr. Robert P. George Register January 21 11:00 AM Display time On Education: The view from Martin Luther King's 'mountaintop' Register January 29 11:00 AM Display time On Trump’s second First Year Register IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Display time Off 'Rural Versus Urban: The Growing Divide That Threatens Democracy' Watch Latest News The new Monroe Doctrine On Substack , Senior Fellow Allan Stam writes that the recent rise of Latin America in the news isn't a coincidence What the Trump Administration means by 'remigration' Professor David Leblang writes in the Center's Substack that it's part of efforts to remake America's population Trump’s national security strategy: Atlas shrugs Senior Fellow Eric Edelman hopes the policy document won’t have much to do with the administration’s actions Miller Center 50th anniversary An antidote to partisan rancor, the Miller Center has shone a light on democracy for half a century 50th Anniversary Video Collection Presidential Recordings Program Through the Secret White House Tapes, we eavesdrop on presidents from Franklin Roosevelt to Richard Nixon Presidential Oral History Program We explore the most recent administrations through our Presidential Oral History Program Policy Research Program The Miller Center’s Policy Research Program brings together scholars and practitioners Public Programming We convene dozens of events fostering civil and intellectual dialogue 'Illumination': The Miller Center magazine Indelible imprints Five decades of dedicated Governing Council members have shaped the Miller Center Expanding the circle Senior fellows bring outside expertise to the Center Word of mouth Miller Center oral histories show up in surprising places Read the Spring 2025 issue Inside : Stories about the Miller Center's Governing Council, the senior fellows program, and the many surprising places where the Center's oral histories make an appearance Special Projects Miller Center Substack Read the new Miller Center Substack channel 2025 presidency conference Watch sessions from the Miller Center's Conference on the American presidency, held September 24-25, 2025 Ripples of Hope Project Identifying practical approaches to help democratic leaders resolve key challenges Health Care Policy Project Miller Center resources examine the history of domestic and global health care challenges Left Miller Center Studies on the Presidency The Miller Center's special imprint at UVA Press advances scholarship on the American presidency Review the book collection Highlights from the First Year 2017 Project Rebuilding a crumbling nation Experts offer a range of recommendations for rebuilding America's infrastructure National security in the first year Watch an overview of the national security challenges facing a new president America's broken government Watch a recounting of what it might take to heal our partisan divides The First Year Project 2017 The Miller Center's First Year 2017 Project contains many relevant lessons for the Biden-Harris Administration Race and Justice in America Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom David Blight, author of Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom, discusses his Pulitzer Prize-winning biography E pluribus unum? Race, religion, and American identity Experts including Ibram X. Kendi, Larycia Hawkins, and Jason Johnson probe America's original sin of racism on this PrezFest 2019 panel The Kerner Commission and the unraveling of American liberalism Historian Steve Gillon talks about his book on the Kerner Commission, whose report on urban unrest reshaped debates about race and inequality in America 'A republic if you can keep it' Compton Professor Melody Barnes examines how Americans have long struggled to strike a balance between government power, social order, and personal liberty Secret White House Tapes LBJ orders some new Haggar pants President Johnson called the Haggar clothing company to order some new pants, providing specific (and sometimes graphic) instructions on how they should be customized for him “We are worried, awfully worried” 14 months before Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Roosevelt ruminates on the growing crisis in the East The smoking gun When the White House released this transcript in August 1974, it contradicted President Nixon's claims that he had not interfered with the FBI investigation of the Watergate break-in “The coup in Saigon” Three days after learning of the assassinations of South Vietnamese president Ngô Đình Diệm and his brother Nhu, President Kennedy dictated a memorandum giving his version of events Left Miller Center Governing Council The Miller Center's Governing Council is a board of directors that guides our nonpartisan work on presidential scholarship, public policy, and political history, providing critical insights for the nation's governance challenges Meet the Governing Council Featured Publications Presidents at War A World Safe for Commerce 43: Inside the George W. Bush Presidency The Kennedy Withdrawal U.S. Presidents View More Richard Nixon He was the first and (so far) the only President of the United States to resign the office Campaigns and Elections Life After the Presidency Impact and Legacy View More Dwight D. Eisenhower He just moved up in historians' rankings, to fifth-best president in the nation's history Life in Brief Domestic Affairs Foreign Affairs View More George Washington He was the father of our country. And he set the model for every president who followed. Family Life Impact and Legacy Life After the Presidency Photo Gallery JFK's Inauguration Download Image JFK takes the oath of office John F. Kennedy was inaugurated as the 35th President of the United States on January 20, 1961 Download Image JFK delivers his Inaugural Address JFK's Inaugural Address is best known for these words: "Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country" Download Image JFK delivers his Inaugural Address JFK's Inaugural Address is best known for these words: "Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country" Download Image Inaugural Parade The President and First Lady watch the Inaugural Parade from the official reviewing stand Download Image Returning to the White House President Kennedy returns to the White House after taking the oath of office Download Image Arriving at the Inaugural Ball The President and First Lady arrive for the Inaugural Ball Animate Background Off University of Virginia Miller Center Main navigation The Presidency Issues & Policy Experts Events Donate Subscribe Footer About Contact Us Miller Center Governing Council Miller Center Foundation Privacy Policy Notice of Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Download millercenter.org Data Help inform the discussion Support the Miller Center Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube Instagram Join our email list © Copyright 2025. Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia University of Virginia Subscribe to our email list Get notified about upcoming events and Miller Center news Subscribe