The latest Gartner Magic Quadrant is out, and Mimecast is once again a Leader! Get The Report
	
EN    CAREERS SUPPORT LOGIN CONTACT
Solutions
Products
Partners
Resources
Why Mimecast
GET A QUOTE
Email & Collaboration Secured by AI

Block advanced human threats that legacy security misses—and reduce human risk across your organization.

   Total deployment flexibility

   Integrate and optimize with 300+ integrations

   Trusted by over 42,000 customers

DISCOVER HOW
Global Threat Intelligence Report 2025

Explore the latest global cyber threats, uncover the major events shaping cybersecurity in 2025, and gain actionable insights to strengthen your defenses.

GET THE REPORT
The Integrated Human Risk Management Platform

Mimecast's integrated human risk management platform, built on a central risk engine, is designed to prevent the evolving and sophisticated threats targeting human error within organizations.


OUR PLATFORM HUMAN RISK COMMAND CENTER 
We're facing a new
cybersecurity mandate

People are vital to every organization but also its greatest source of risk, with access to financial data, source code, and intellectual property.

EXPLORE SOLUTIONS
Recognized by Analysts. Valued by Customers.

Your One Trusted Platform: 1 of only 3 vendors worldwide to achieve leader status in both Gartner® Email Security and DCGAS Magic Quadrants™

Email Threat Protection

A Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Email Security, recognized for both Completeness of vision and Ability to Execute.



GET THE REPORT
Human Risk Management
Data Loss Prevention  
Digital Communications Governance
Supercharged by AI

Mimecast blends advanced AI with proven defenses to deliver industry-leading protection.

AI-POWERED SECURITY
Over 3,600 partners

Mimecast empowers customers worldwide via a broad network of resellers, distributors, and MSPs.

EXPLORE CHANNEL PARTNERS
Trusted by over 42k customers

Helping businesses navigate the ever-expanding threat landscape since 2003.

READ CUSTOMER STORIES
Intelligence at scale

With 7 billion signals processed daily, we know how to prevent breaches and minimize risk.

THREAT INTELLIGENCE HUB
Integrate and optimize with 300+ integrations

Our technology alliance partners help customers bring together the world's leading cybersecurity platforms to make integrated, AI-powered security a reality.

EXPLORE INTEGRATIONS
Ready to get started?

Keep ahead of the ever-evolving threat landscape with Mimecast.

GET A QUOTE

About Us

Overview
Careers
Leadership

Products

All Products
Education
Partners

Resource Center

Newsroom
Events
Resources
Customer Stories
Blog
Trust Center
Media Kit

Contact Us

Global Locations
Get a Quote
Contact Support
+1 617 393 7000
Contracts
Privacy Statement
Legal
Privacy Preferences
Responsible Disclosure

© 2003 - 2025 Mimecast Services Limited

This website uses cookies in order to provide you with the best possible experience and to monitor and improve the performance of the site. We have published a new cookie policy which explains what cookies are and which types of cookies this website uses. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies, unless you have disabled them. Privacy Statement
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies