Navigating the military financial lifecycle | Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Español 中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Pусский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen (855) 411-2372 Submit a Complaint Search Search Close Search Open the main menu Close the main menu Submit a Complaint Consumer Education Back Resources for Yourself Resources for Helping Others Consumer Complaint Database Money Topics Auto Loans Bank Accounts & Services Credit Cards Credit Reports & Scores Debt Collection Fraud & Scams Money Topics Money Transfers Mortgages Payday Loans Prepaid Cards Reverse Mortgages Student Loans Featured Explore guides to help you plan for big financial goals Additional Resources Submit a Complaint Tell Your Story Browse Ask CFPB Rules & Policy Back Rules & Policy Overview Final Rules Interactive Regulations Rules Under Development Notices and Opportunities to Comment Regulatory Agenda Petitions for Rulemaking Competition and Innovation Advisory Committees Enforcement Back Enforcement Overview Enforcement Actions Enforcement by the Numbers Investigatory Authority Warning Letters Payments to Harmed Consumers Industry Whistleblowers Compliance Back Compliance Overview Compliance Resources Advisory Opinion Program Consumer Financial Protection Circulars Supervision and Examinations Supervisory Highlights Supervisory Guidance Registration & Submission Programs Amicus Program Consumer Complaint Program Data & Research Back Data & Research Overview Reports Research Hub Consumer Complaint Database Mortgage Database (HMDA) Small Business Lending Database Public Data Inventory Consumer Credit Trends Mortgage Performance Trends Financial Well-Being Survey Credit Card Surveys & Agreements Prepaid Account Agreements Making Ends Meet Survey Data Featured Help advance financial well-being News Back Press Releases Speeches & Op-eds Testimony Statements Blog Director’s Notebook Recent Updates Consumer Advisories Español 中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Pусский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen (855) 411-2372 Navigating the military financial lifecycle Whether you’re a servicemember entering basic training or you just hung up the uniform, we can help you handle financial challenges at every step of your military career. Get the resources . Financial basics for new and current servicemembers Servicemembers are expected to keep their finances in order at every step of their military career. Learn how. The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA) The SCRA is a law that provides legal and financial protections to those who have answered the call to serve. Learn more Borrowing money: Your rights under the Military Lending Act (MLA) The MLA includes a number of rights for servicemembers and dependents. If you qualify, you can’t be charged an annual percentage rate higher than 36% on most types of consumer loans. What is the MLA and what are my rights? MLA applicability flow chart Dealing with debt collection There are laws that spell out what debt collectors can say or do. Know your rights if you get a call about a debt. Learn more Servicemembers, arm yourself with basic car buying skills Before you rush off to the nearest car dealer advertising “Military – low payments, no interest, or zero down,” let us arm you with some basic car buying and car financing skills. Learn more Strategies for tackling student loan debt You may have options for lowering your interest rates, reducing monthly payments and qualifying for student loan forgiveness based on your public service. Take action today. Learn more Servicemembers, take these immediate actions for a strong financial future The immediate actions toward financial freedom include three basic steps: first, pay off high-interest debt; second, set goals and make a financial plan; and third, start saving and investing early. Learn more Permanent Change of Station (PCS) and deployments Moving is a military fact of life and often means managing financial challenges ranging from dealing with leases to sometimes having others make decisions on your behalf. Use alerts to protect your finances Whether you’re overseas or in the US, protect your finances with these fraud and identity theft alerts. Learn more Delegating financial management during deployment Giving a trusted person the power of attorney to make financial decisions for you while you’re away can provide peace of mind. Learn more about how it works and if it’s for you. Learn more PCS’ing with an auto lease The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA) allows active duty servicemembers to terminate an auto lease without paying early termination charges in some circumstances. Learn more Handling PCS orders and an underwater home loan If you owe more on your home than it’s worth and have received PCS orders, you may be able to sell your home and not have to pay back the remaining balance. Learn more Transitions and life events Learn more about handling other events in your personal financial life, from buying a home to raising a family with strong money management skills. Buying a home: What you need to know Whether you’re just thinking about buying a home or about to close, we can help you take control of the home loan process. Learn more Safely consolidating credit card debt If you’re considering rolling your debts into one monthly payment, we have what you need to know and where you can find a non-profit credit counselor to help you explore your options. Learn more Set money goals that reflect your life Making a plan ahead of time is the easiest way to navigate changes in income, priorities, or goals. Learn more Teach your kids money management skills You can teach your children basic money management skills today with these easy-to-use, age-appropriate activities and discussion topics. Learn more Leaving the service and veterans’ issues From GI Bill benefits to Social Security, leaving the service requires navigating a different set of financial challenges. Going to college: Make the most of GI Bill benefits The new GI Bill is the most generous education benefit since WWII. Use the Department of Veterans Affairs tool to make informed decisions when using those hard-earned benefits. Learn more Considering a pension advance? Avoid these traps Many people depend on a pension to cover day-to-day as well as occasional unexpected expenses. Learn how to protect yours. Learn more Can debt collectors take your Social Security or VA benefits? Generally, a debt collector cannot take funds from your Social Security or VA benefits directly from your bank account or prepaid card. Learn more Know your Social Security benefits before deciding to retire Our Planning for Retirement interactive tool can help you make an informed decision about when to claim Social Security and what to expect. Learn more Are you a professional looking for resources to help servicemembers, veterans, and families? Watch our video introduction to the Office of Servicemember Affairs Read our annual report on servicemember complaints and trends See more tools and resources to use with the people you serve Page last modified Nov. 18, 2025 @ 02:32 PM EST View older versions of this page at our public archive. About us We're the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a U.S. government agency that makes sure banks, lenders, and other financial companies treat you fairly. Learn how the CFPB can help you Stay informed Subscribe for updates on consumer financial issues that affect servicemembers, veterans, and their families. Email address Sign up See Privacy Act statement Still have a question? Call us if you still can’t find what you’re looking for. You can also submit a complaint about an issue with a financial product or service over the phone. Submit a complaint (855) 411-2372 TTY/TDD: (855) 729-2372 How the CFPB is protecting you CFPB Issues $1.25 Million Fine to Servicemember Auto Lender for Violating Consent Order CFPB Sues Nation's Largest Student Loan Company Navient for Failing Borrowers at Every Stage of Repayment CFPB Orders Navy Federal Credit Union to Pay $28.5 Million for Improper Debt Collection Actions Other resources Debt Collection Resources Auto Loans Resources Credit Reporting Resources Real stories about servicemembers Watch a video: Meet Harry and Ari Share your experiences Back to top About Us Contact Us Careers Events Industry Whistleblowers CFPB Ombudsman FOIA Privacy Website Privacy Policy & Legal Notices Data Open Government Information Quality Guidelines Office of Minority and Women Inclusion Administrative Adjudication Plain Writing Accessibility Office of Civil Rights No FEAR Act & Cummings Act Tribal USA.gov Office of Inspector General Public Archive An official website of the United States government