MindMeister | Online Mind Mapping & Brainstorming Software It all starts with an idea Collaborative Mind Mapping Continue with Google or sign up with email Trusted by 50 Million happy users worldwide Visual. Simple. Beautiful. MindMeister helps you capture thoughts, connect insights, and bring ideas to life together. Visualize your ideas Collaborate with your team Manage your tasks Share with the world Mind mapping Brainstorming Study and research Team meetings Bring your ideas to life Make complex ideas easy to understand Drag and drop topics to organize ideas on the fly Add links, notes and images to keep everything in one place Mind mapping Break through the blank page Run real-time brainstorms with your team Add comments and spark discussions End with clear, actionable next steps Brainstorming Study smarter Visualize tricky topics to master them faster Improve memory retention and recall Attach notes and supporting material Study and research Make meetings make sense Create a visual agenda that everyone can follow Use presentation mode (and skip the slide prep) Capture decisions and create tasks right on the map Team meetings "We develop topics collaboratively in MindMeister. This is how we build solutions from ideas." SK Sebastian Kraft Head of Bank Administration, VR-Bank Würzburg Tackle big hairy problems with confidence MindMeister lets you visualize how all the parts, people and processes connect, so you can find a way forward without feeling overwhelmed. Share your thinking effortlessly Share mind maps securely with your team, or switch to presentation mode to walk clients or classmates through your ideas. Map your first idea in minutes Choose a template or start with a blank canvas. You’ll be mapping in no time. Enterprise-grade security As your trusted digitalization partner, we're committed to providing a secure and reliable platform so you can manage your daily work with confidence. ISO 27001 certified Fully GDPR compliant Hosted in Germany Admin controls Security best practices Learn more Mind maps that work, whatever your work is Manufacturing Connect processes, teams and supply chains in one view Visualize your full production process to optimize and scale Solve problems faster by mapping out what’s not working MindMeister for manufacturing Educators Public sector Enterprise Manufacturing Educators Public sector Enterprise Manufacturing Connect processes, teams and supply chains in one view Visualize your full production process to optimize and scale Solve problems faster by mapping out what’s not working MindMeister for manufacturing Educators Encourage free, creative thinking Organize topics and learning material Create connections that boost recall MindMeister for education Public sector Securely invite external collaborators to projects or documentation Empower your team to manage work on the go with our mobile apps Fully compliant with key EU and global security and privacy regulations Learn more Enterprise Fully compliant with key EU and global security and privacy regulations Powerful features for additional layers of internal control and privacy Report on progress effortlessly and gain a clear measure of productivity Learn more Andrew S. on capterra.com Probably the best web-based mind mapping tool MindMeister really excels. It's very usable and fast with a good set of features. I've used most other mind mapping software, but I keep going back to MindMeister. Fraser N. on capterra.com The gold standard of mind map software Great piece of kit — helps me lay out my plans in simple yet powerful graphical formats. It is so easy to use. Pedro C. on capterra.com My number one tool for mind mapping Mindmeister is my super tool for many of my training and consultancy programs. From ideation to the foundations of sessions with clients. Start mind mapping now From brainstorming to strategy, MindMeister helps teams solve problems together. Get started free Book a demo Company About us Careers Partners Product Pricing Mobile apps Security Changelog System status Solutions for Business Public sector Manufacturing Educators Students Use cases Mindmapping Note taking Brainstorming Team meetings Resources Contact Sales Blog Universe Company About us Careers Partners Product Solutions for Use cases Resources English © 2025 MindMeister Digital Services Act Compliance Terms of Service Imprint Privacy English Digital Services Act Compliance Terms of Service Imprint Privacy © 2025 MindMeister