Mindful - healthy mind, healthy life Mindful Premium. Unlock $5,409 worth of courses all in one membership. Courses, Affirmation Cards, Journals, Mindful Memberships and more. courses advertise App Search Search for: Subscribe Mindful Premium. Unlock $5,409 worth of courses all in one membership. Courses, Affirmation Cards, Journals, Mindful Memberships and more. How to Meditate Meditation Meditation Techniques Meditation for Beginners Benefits of Meditation Guided Meditation FAQ About Meditation Guided Practices Mindfulness for Stress Mindfulness for Kids Mindful Eating Mindful Breathing Mindfulness at Work Mindful Compassion Mindfulness for Sleep Mindful Movement 12 Minute Meditation Podcast In-Depth Guides Mini-Courses & Workshops Curated Collections Mindful Challenges Shop Courses Special Editions Affirmation Cards Apparel Audio Meditations Gifts For Businesses Mindfulness in the Workplace Advertise With Us Magazine Latest Issue Past Issues subscribe Search for: courses advertise How to Meditate Meditation Meditation Techniques Meditation for Beginners Benefits of Meditation Guided Meditation FAQ About Meditation Guided Practices Mindfulness for Stress Mindfulness for Kids Mindful Eating Mindful Breathing Mindfulness at Work Mindful Compassion Mindfulness for Sleep Mindful Movement 12 Minute Meditation Podcast In-Depth Guides Mini-Courses & Workshops Curated Collections Mindful Challenges Shop Courses Special Editions Affirmation Cards Apparel Audio Meditations Gifts For Businesses Mindfulness in the Workplace Advertise With Us Magazine Latest Issue Past Issues App The most trusted resource for mindfulness and meditation . URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Join the Mindful community Meditation What’s Good About Being You: How Mindfulness Helps You Get to Know Yourself Carolyn Rose Gimian on how the courage to be present and aware is the doorway to get to know yourself and genuinely befriend yourself. Read More Line Goguen-Hughes Mini-Course How to Set an Intention for Your Future Rich Fernandez Self-Care Setting Intentions and How to Manifest Your Deepest Desires Elaine Smookler To Manifest What You Want, Passion Will Spark Your Intentions, Not Pressure Elaine Smookler Tap Into Ease with This Guided Meditation for Holiday Stress Christiane Wolf Why We Wake Up At Night and How Mindfulness Helps Us Sleep Again Angela Stubbs Bring Your Practice to Digital Work Jay Vidyarthi Let Them Lead Laura Elmquist Get the latest on everything mindfulness Our free newsletter delivers updates on the science of mindfulness, guided mindfulness meditation practices from leading teachers, special offers, and rich content to support your mindful growth. Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Sign Up Mindfulness Practices Guided Meditations Busy Times, or Anytime: Nine Ways Mindfulness Reduces Stress You’ve probably heard that mindfulness reduces stress levels. But how does it help? Shamash Alidina shares the research—plus, a meditation you can turn to anytime. Read More Shamash Alidina December 2, 2025 Meditation Do I Need to Meditate to Be Mindful? Ed Halliwell explores a common question asked by those new to mindfulness meditation: Do I need to meditate to be mindful? Read More Ed Halliwell November 15, 2025 Calm Peace Begins With Me: A 12-Minute Meditation Taking a moment to pause can enable us to move in the direction of suffering, to work, and to alleviate it, with wisdom and compassion. Read More Rhonda Magee October 15, 2025 Guided Meditations When You’re Depressed: Is There Room to “Let Go”? You can’t push away a panic attack. But what happens when you let it play out? Writer and mindfulness teacher Ed Halliwell on how mindfulness helps him navigate anxiety and depression. Read More Ed Halliwell October 9, 2025 Read More Popular This Week Free Meditation Apps Worthy of Your Attention Kira M. Newman and Janet Ho Take-What-You-Need Meditations to Support Kids, Teens, and Young Adults Mindful Staff Feeling Overwhelmed? Try the RAIN Meditation Tara Brach Guided Meditations & Podcasts A 20-Minute Guided Meditation to Ease Holiday Stress 20:36 Christiane Wolf Take 20 minutes to release tension in your body and consider what would serve you and your self-care in the upcoming weeks. Stress SOS: A Quick Practice When You Need It Most 8:37 Shamash Alidina Peace Begins With Me: A 12-Minute Meditation 11:28 Rhonda Magee A 12-Minute Meditation to Work with Difficult Emotions 12:56 Rhonda Magee More Audio Health & Well-Being Kids and Teens 7 Creative Family Gratitude Practices That Make Appreciation Meaningful and Accessible Teaching kids gratitude is important—but how do you shift it from the abstract to the practical? Here are 7 family gratitude practices to make thankfulness a natural habit. Read More Giselle Shardlow December 29, 2025 Sleep Why We Wake Up At Night and How Mindfulness Helps Us Sleep Again There are lots of reasons why wake up at night and might be losing sleep. Angela Stubbs explains what’s happening, and how mindfulness can help us ease back into better rest. Read More Angela Stubbs December 19, 2025 Read More Get the latest on everything mindfulness Our free newsletter delivers updates on the science of mindfulness, guided mindfulness meditation practices from leading teachers, special offers, and rich content to support your mindful growth. X/Twitter This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Sign Up MINDFUL.ORG About Mindful & Mindful.org Advertise with us at Mindful.org Mindful Directory - Find a Teacher Mindful Content Licensing Book a Keynote Speaker Privacy Policies Sitemap AI Use Policy Accessibility Statement Land Acknowledgement EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform Join Our Team CUSTOMER SERVICE Contact Us Renew Subscription EXPLORE Mindful Courses Audio Meditations Events MINDFUL APP Social Media X Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube Spotify Apple Podcasts Pinterest LinkedIn © 2025 Mindfulness United Pty Ltd