Skip to main content

END-OF-YEAR SAVINGS: 50% OFF MINDBODY FOR 6 MONTHS*

Search for business products, education, & support:
Not a business? Book on the Mindbody app
Primary
Features
Resources
Pricing
Menu - Action
STAFF SIGN IN
GET A DEMO
More revenue. More clients. More growth.

Unlock exclusive access to our revenue-generating tools, including the world's largest fitness & wellness marketplace. With Mindbody, you're on the #1 platform in the business.

GET A DEMO
Run your business with confidence
PaymentsMarketingStaff managementBookingSchedulingReportingBranded App
Process payments with ease

Accept payments anytime, anywhere. Handle every sale on one system for quick & easy checkout paired with powerful reporting. 

Friction-free transactions
Turn new clients into regulars—automatically

With automated email and text campaigns, you can easily collect contact info and convert newcomers into loyal clients. Send smarter, more personalized messages fully integrated with Mindbody.

Smarter marketing tools
Motivate your team 

Keep your people moving with integrated staffing tools. From scheduling to performance reviews, automated substitutions to payroll, it's all on Mindbody.

Staff management
Give your clients the power of choice

From our Mindbody app to your website, from mobile to web, we have easy booking options for every device. 

360 client experiences
Take control of your calendar

Manage just one schedule for staffing and booking—it’s easy to set up, edit, and manage. Classes and appointments are seamlessly updated in real time, on every touchpoint. 

Scheduling made easy
Track your success

See how your business is performing with instant, detailed access to your most critical metrics. You can make smart, informed decisions backed by our best-in-class analytics.

Data-driven reporting
Create your own app

We’ll design an app for your brand that elevates your member experience, without the hassles. Available for iOS and Android.

Branded app
Trusted by the world's top fitness, beauty & wellness brands
Flexible tools for every type of business:
Fitness

We have everything your studio or gym needs: class check-in, staffing tools, marketing, reporting, and lead management. 

Yoga, Gym, Barre & more
Beauty 

Find out how to keep your appointment book full, run seamless transactions, and turn missed calls into client bookings. 

Hair, Nails, Barbershop & more
Wellness 

Learn about our solutions for scheduling & promoting your services, customizing your website, and managing memberships. 

Day Spa, Massage, Acupuncture & more
Grow your revenue by an average of +36% in 6 months

Mindbody has more revenue-generating features than any other platform. We don't just help you run your business, we help you transform it by connecting you with a world of new clients and the tools you need to grow.
 

Source: Mindbody customer data, 2021-2024
 

Why Mindbody?

There are more than 2.8 million active users searching, booking & buying on the Mindbody app 

On average, businesses increase client bookings by 26% within 6 months of joining Mindbody

To date, over $48 million in funds have been advanced to businesses through Mindbody Capital

More than 40,000 businesses are powered by Mindbody, from local faves to global brands

Last year, over 712 million classes & appointments were booked with Mindbody

The Mindbody app is downloaded over six times every minute

Not all features are available in all regions.

What our customers are saying:

"Mindbody helped us grow from about $150,000 a month, to nearly $600,000 in revenue per month."​

"Mindbody has transformed its product considerably in recent years, especially for appointment-based franchisors like Spavia, and is leading the way in unlocking AI-powered features for the wellness industry." 

"Within 12 months of our opening powered by Mindbody's software, MVP's second location made 250% more than the first location that launched without Mindbody over a comparable time period."​

Ignite your brand with the software built for growth 

We'll show you how to: 

Ditch the patchwork of providers with an all-in-one platform for business management
Reach millions of consumers on the industry’s largest fitness & wellness marketplace
Drive new revenue with exclusive AI-powered tools
Fresh research, ideas, and inspiration

Mindbody’s expertise goes way beyond software. Get the extra resources and in-depth education you need to succeed.

BLOG POST
10 Tips for Marketing Your Fitness Business During the Holidays 

Boost revenue and attract new clients this holiday season with fitness-focused promotions, gift bundles, events, and marketing ideas for your business.  …

BLOG POST
Running Clubs and How Businesses Can Get in on the Trend

Running clubs are booming. Learn how fitness and wellness businesses can partner with clubs, offer perks, and connect with this growing community.  …

BLOG POST
Winter Wellness: How to Keep Clients Motivated in the Cold Months

Keep clients motivated all winter long with goal setting, fitness challenges, and supportive communication strategies to help them stay consistent and…

Explore all business education resources
Menu - Footer
COMPANY
About Us
About Playlist
Careers
Press
Security
Contact Us
EXPLORE EXPERIENCES
Fitness
Wellness
Beauty
Get the App
Get Help
MINDBODY BUSINESS
Products
Education
Mindbody Integrations
Support Center
Product Updates
Brand Resources
Staff Sign In
COMMUNITY
Diversity & Inclusivity
Mindbody One
Developer Tools
Participate in Research
Mindbody on Instagram
Mindbody on Facebook
Mindbody on X
Mindbody on YouTube
Mindbody on LinkedIn
Mindbody on Pinterest
English (North America)
English (Australia)
English (United Kingdom)
Menu - Copyright
Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Preferences
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Consumer Agreement
Copyright Policy & Claims
Email Preferences
Sitemap

Copyright © 2025 MINDBODY, Inc.

MINDBODY Processing is a registered ISO of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Concord, CA
MINDBODY Processing is a registered ISO/Agent of Elavon, Inc. Georgia

This site uses cookies and similar tools
Cookies are important to the proper functioning of a site. Click "Accept" to allow us to use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, record user sessions and serve targeted advertisements. Click "Reject" if you do not want us to use cookies for these purposes. Click "Cookie Settings" to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies and choose whether to accept certain cookies while on the site. By clicking "Accept" or continuing to use this site you agree to the default cookie settings. Find out more in our Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy.

By clicking on any of buttons on this banner or continuing to use this site, you agree to the Consumer Agreement and acknowledge the Privacy Policy. 
ACCEPT
REJECT
Cookie Settings ›
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy