Mindbox — Marketing automation platform Technologies that start big marketing 800+ Сompanies Have Been Using the Platform for Years up to 2 years 372 companies 2–7 years 392 companies 7–14 years 38 companies 7 Tools in One Platform A single window to gather customer data and launch omnichannel communications, promotions, or advertisements. Support We won’t leave you alone with the platform — we assist from defining success metrics at the application stage to training marketers who work hands-on. Implementation Consultant Will calculate ROI and demonstrate platform capabilities through examples +42 Success Manager Assists with technical specifications and integration, campaign planning, and marketing metrics growth Support Chat Responses within 5 min +16 support managers are ready to help Full-Stack Development Engage our top-tier developers to seamlessly transform your vision from concept to completion, harnessing our comprehensive full-stack expertise. Product Development Develop product use cases and improve customer experience Customer Success Provide the best customer service with our dedicated professionals Marketing Grow your revenue with powerful marketing automation tools Project Management Get efficient project management according to the agile process with regular updates and reports Devops and Cloud Deploy your applications quickly and reliably with our DevOps tools and scale them easily  to the cloud Data Science Use world-leading AI models, machine learning, and data engineering technologies to unlock business growth potential Reliability and Security We ensure consistent performance, even under the pressure of Black Friday traffic, while upholding international standards to safeguard client personal data. up to 2M RPM high load up to 300 ms processing speed Compliance with laws and standards Certified in accordance with the requirements of the international standard ISO27001:2013 . Mandatory Service Level Agreement, SLA We guarantee the service level and security of our platform, ensuring compensation for any potential losses resulting from our errors. Incident monitoring We track attacks and vulnerabilities, reporting them within 24 hours. You can check the platform’s status in real-time. Book a Demo We’ll demonstrate the platform in action, help choose a plan, and answer your questions. Plus, enjoy a free trial before you subscribe. Contacts Privacy & Legal Русский English