Minesweeper Online Minesweeper.Online Sign up Log in Account Settings Account Log out English Minesweeper.Online Sign Up Log In My profile Settings Account Log out Standard mode New game Ranking My games No guessing mode New game Ranking My games Multiplayer PvP My games Leaderboards & Stats Best players Season leaders Best players 2025 Players online News Statistics Quests Arena Equipment Elite club Marketplace Events Event quests Championship My profile Chat Help Premium account Shop Account Log out Sign up Log in English Standard mode No guessing mode Multiplayer Ranking My games Best players Season leaders Best players 2025 Quests Arena Equipment Elite club Marketplace Events Event quests Championship Players online News Statistics My profile Chat Help Premium account Shop Minesweeper Playing minesweeper is our passion. That's why we strive to make it the greatest game in the world. Select a difficulty level to challenge yourself, and enjoy the game! Minesweeper.Online 3,685,087 Games Today 1,452 Playing Now Start new game Beginner Intermediate Expert Rules Minesweeper rules are very simple. The board is divided into cells, with mines randomly distributed. To win, you need to open all the cells. The number on a cell shows the number of mines adjacent to it. Using this information, you can determine cells that are safe, and cells that contain mines. Cells suspected of being mines can be marked with a flag using the right mouse button. Minesweeper rules are very simple. The board is divided into cells, with mines randomly distributed. To win, you need to open all the cells. The number on a cell shows the number of mines adjacent to it. Using this information, you can determine cells that are safe, and cells that contain mines. Cells suspected of being mines can be flagged with a long press. Read more: Gameplay Patterns Efficiency Various playing styles Despite the simple rules, there are many ways to play minesweeper. There is something for everyone: play to be the fastest, try to complete the most difficult boards, or just enjoy the logic. There are leaderboards for many different categories. Best players Category Player Best result Trophies Md-101 1200 Time JZE 29.461 Efficiency haru. 163% Experience Yermak 279.4M Equipment Yermak L100 Mastery PattuX 57 Win streak lotusfield 14 Arena Zqf 80E Difficulty Hao1501 20.8M Endurance Koro 2:43 Wins iddaga 624K Season leaders Category Player Best result Trophies Lovesick 1125 Time Archeaic 34.242 Efficiency Md-101 154% Experience Yermak 17.9M Minecoins Lovesick 3.8M Mastery 榛子味 Wing My Way 51 Win streak lotusfield 14 Arena jannes 80 Difficulty Rogue 1M Endurance Obelus 3:47 Wins ​­Luna :3 🏳️‍⚧️ 15K Minesweeper has never been so fun Complete custom daily quests Challenge yourself in the arena Collect resources to get equipment Trade in-game items on the marketplace Participate in special monthly events Play for free Privacy Policy Loading data... Privacy Policy | support@minesweeper.online Remove ads Remove ads