Colorado School of Mines | A Premier Engineering University Facebook X RSS My Mines News Calendar Canvas Email Library Give Directories Home About Mines Visit Mines The Student Experience Mines Mission Traditions Compliance and Policy Contact Mines Rankings Innovation & Entrepreneurship Office of Institutional Equity Academic Departments Academic Affairs (For Faculty) Work at Mines President’s Office Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Programs University Honors & Scholars Programs Professional Education Conferences & Events Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Mines Online Financial Aid Contact Admissions Student Life Academic Advising International Student Life Living in Golden Residence Life Student Activities Student Health and Wellness Veterans Research Athletics Alumni Select Page Colorado School of Mines Colorado’s premier engineering and applied science university for 150 years and counting Request Information Visit Campus Apply Now Pause Video Colorado School of Mines is a public R1 research university focused on applied science and engineering, producing the talent, knowledge and solutions to serve industry and benefit society – all to create a more prosperous future. UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS GRADUATE ADMISSIONS Undergraduate applications now open! Are you ready to become an Oredigger? With unique opportunities both in and out of the classroom, you’ll receive a well-rounded education that will not only ensure fulfillment and fun during your time at Mines but long after. Apply Now Graduate applications now open! Ready to take the next step in your academic journey? Unlock your potential with a graduate degree from Mines. Our programs provide the foundation for success with on-campus and online options. Launch your career to new heights and shape the future of your field. Apply Now Mines is ranked among the top public universities in the nation — and the best in Colorado — with R1 research that tackles the world’s most pressing challenges. VIEW RANKINGS Being an Oredigger means exploring every dimension of who you are — from academics to student clubs to athletics, you’ll find your community here. Oredigger Experience A Mines degree pays off. 96% of graduates launch into great jobs or grad school, backed by one of the nation’s top returns on investment. Career Center Visit Mines IN PERSON OR VIRTUAL TOURS DAILY Take a tour of our beautiful campus in Golden, Colorado, nestled in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. START YOUR TOUR Rocking the headlines: the latest news at Mines Mines to open satellite campus in Guam focused on additive manufacturing Kiewit Corporation and Bruce Grewcock establish endowed chair to lead construction engineering at Colorado School of Mines Memorable Mines Moments of 2025: Campaign for MINES@150 breaks records, new provost and more View all news stories View all news stories Mines Athletics in the news It’s not just the classroom where Mines students shine. Our student athletes are equally driven in the classroom and on the field, with the Orediggers boasting a legacy of 199 Academic All-Americans – the most out of any NCAA Division II institution. With 18 intercollegiate varsity sports, Mines Athletics is making headlines and delivering championship-caliber performances. See All Athletics Stories View this profile on Instagram Colorado School of Mines (@ coloradoschoolofmines ) • Instagram photos and videos One of the Most Powerful Networks in STEM At Mines, you’ll join a 40,000+ strong alumni network leading in top STEM industries — and become part of a community highly sought after by employers and recruiters worldwide. Launch and Build a Career Full of Opportunities Y our four years here set up the nex t 40. Ranked the No. 3 public u niversity for 40-year ROI (Georgetown University) and among the nation’s best for star ting salaries (Payscale) . Advance your Education Keep your momentum going. 1 in 5 Orediggers continues on to advanced education, with 55+ graduate programs to help you level up right here at Mines. Mines: The College Tour Meet some of Mines’ students and an inspiring professor and learn about our university. Discover more about our exceptional academics and faculty, welcoming location and campus life, global focus, entrepreneurial and innovative mindset, unparalleled industry connections and numerous opportunities to change the world for the better. Find a Program UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS GRADUATE PROGRAMS Our hometown is Golden LEARN MORE ABOUT GOLDEN Colorado School of Mines 1500 Illinois St., Golden, CO 80401 303-273-3000 / 800-446-9488 Financial Aid Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Admissions 888-446-9489 RESOURCES Alumni and Friends New Students & Families Calendar Careers at Mines Hire Our Students Mines Magazine Mines Police Department Neighbors News Visit Mines Arthur Lakes Library Athletics Bookstore Campus Tour Conference and Event Planning Mines Museum Map and Directions Need Help Finding Something? Home Contact Accessibility Equal Opportunity Jobs Map and Directions Privacy Mines Police Department ©2025 Colorado School of Mines 6184