Churches
Parishes & Dioceses
Nonprofits
Protection
Company
Login
Contact Us
Get the Guide
Move Your Ministry Forward With Confidence
Download Now
Empowering Communities.
Amplifying Cheerful Generosity. 

Transform your purpose-driven organization with tailored solutions that inspire cheerful generosity, engage volunteers, ensure safety, and create a lasting impact.

Churches
Parishes
Nonprofits
Safety
Generosity displayed, simplified, and amplified for over 90,000 purpose-driven organizations.
ADMIN
ELDER
PASTOR
WHO WE ARE
Inspiring Generosity and Empowering Missions as Your Trusted Partner

At Ministry Brands, we believe cheerful generosity is a way of life.

For over 90,000 mission-driven organizations, we’ve redefined what technology can do. Our end-to-end solutions simplify giving, volunteering, people management, websites, communications, streaming, safety, and more—empowering leaders to strengthen their communities, inspire generosity, and amplify their mission.

Learn More
FINANCES
SOUND TECH
DEACON
Technology That Works for You.
Not Against You.

Technology can either empower your mission or hold it back. At Ministry Brands, we’re here to help. Our tailored, scalable solutions provide the technology, services, and partnerships to simplify operations, inspire generosity, and drive impact—all from one trusted partner.

Take me to...
Churches
Parishes
Nonprofits
Safety
Amplify your church
Organize your entire church in one platform

For over 40 years, Ministry Brands has been innovating technology to better connect churches to the communities they serve. We use a holistic approach to the solutions, services, and insights that today’s churches need to thrive. From powerful church accounting software and intuitive giving tools to customizable church websites and mobile app builders, our church management software is designed to streamline everything from donations to daily operations. Simplify processes like online giving, communications, and church live streaming so your team can get back to the heart part of church.

Learn More
Empower your parish
Streamline your ministry’s operations and admin tasks

Intentionally designed for Catholic organizations by Catholics, ParishSOFT (by Ministry Brands) empowers parishes and dioceses to expand their ministries through an integrated suite of software solutions. More than 9,000 parishes and 185 arch/dioceses utilize ParishSOFT to improve communication with their parishioners and put time back on their side.

Learn More
Grow your nonprofit
Build & seamlessly manage meaningful donor relationships

Make meaningful connections with your donors, and build relationships that last. Our CRM and donor management tools were specifically designed for nonprofit ministries, so they're tailored for your organization right out of the box. Focus on your mission—we’ll cover the technology.

Learn More
Protect your community
Safeguard your communities with peace of mind

Protect My Ministry (by Ministry Brands) is the leading church background screening CRA in the industry. Serving 35,000 ministries in all 50 states, we are experts in keeping churches, and their people, safe. Safeguard your community with peace of mind through solutions custom tailored to the unique needs of church programs and events.

Learn More
PRODUCT
Create the world you can imagine

We’ve been helping missional organizations do the same for over 40 years.

90K+
Customers
$6.5B
Giving managed annually
42K
Websites built
1.7M
Background checks performed
Meet the Healthy Church Hub

Over the years, we’ve created one central place—a hub, if you will—to equip church leaders with resources, programs, and software to grow their communities, manage finances efficiently, enhance communication, and maximize staff effectiveness.

Church Hub
Healthy Church Hub

One place (a hub, if you will) dedicated to helping church leaders empower their church team members!

Explore the Healthy Church Hub
Our Programs
Partners Program

Join the Ministry Brands Partner Program to help churches increase their impact on the world. Through integrated solutions and a network of trusted parters, together we help ministry leaders build healthy churches and communities.

Explore the Partners Program
Church Plant Program

Welcome to the future home of the Ministry Brands Church Plant Program. Our goal is to help church plants flourish, fulfill their unique vision, and help lead their communities from search to serving.

Explore the Church Plant Program
Customer Success Program

When you invest in Ministry Brands Amplify, we deliver more than just technology. We provide the expertise and knowledge you and your team need to succeed.

Explore the Product Services
Hub Resources
Browse all resources
PODCAST
A Special Message From Our Team for Christmas 2025
Celebrate the season with the Church Leadership Lab Christmas Special! Hosts Kendall Conner and Jessica Moore share gratitude for ministry leaders, reflect on favorite Christmas traditions, and offer encouragement for finding rest during this busy time. Plus, get a sneak peek at upcoming episodes focused on healthy habits and building strong volunteer teams.
ARTICLE
Top Church Leadership Resources of 2025 | Ministry Brands
The Best of 2025: Must-Have Resources from the Healthy Church Hub
WEBINAR
Solving Common Church Accounting Challenges
Latest News
NEWS
FAITH WITHOUT WALLS: Engaging Gen Z’s Quiet Revival, by Jamshed Patel

Known as “digital natives,” Generation Z (Gen Z) challenges the status quo in everyway, from pursuing various forms of activism to redefining workplace expectations. They are also changing how they approach religion based on how the generations that raised them approached it. They are putting attending mass on the back burner, even those who remain devout Christians.

NEWS
Ministry Brands and AvidXchange Partner to Modernize Church Finances

New Partnership Delivers Payment Innovation for Faith-Based and Nonprofit Organizations

NEWS
Report Shows Church Donations on the Rise

Ministry Brands’ 2025 State of Church Giving Report has been released. Key findings of the report show: Recurring giving accounts for 42% of digital donations and 57% of digital transactions, even though nearly half of churches don’t currently offer the option.

NEWS
Amen or Apple Pay? Viral Video Shows Church Passing Credit Card Machine for Tithes and Offerings, Dividing Congregations

America might have been late to the digital trend but may soon be the leader in contactless tithing, with Ministry Brands’ 2025 State of Church Giving Report stating between 20 percent and 33 percent of churches in the U.S. have adopted digital wallet options for donations.

NEWS
Joyful Generosity: Almsgiving & Tithing on the Rise

Joy is at the heart of Christian generosity. When we give freely, whether through almsgiving, tithing, or offering our time, we participate in something far greater than ourselves: a life rooted in faith, hope, and love.

NEWS
Ministry Brands' 2024 State of Church Giving Report Reveals Churches Using Digital Giving Platforms Experienced an Uptick in Automatic, Recurring Giving

"This year's State of Church Giving Report paints a clear picture of several key themes we can expect to continue over the next year, especially how churches are rapidly adopting digital giving," says Robert Blair, Executive Vice President of Payments for Ministry Brands. "The rise of automatic, recurring donations, now constituting a notable 43% of all transactions and 34% of giving dollars, signifies a shift toward predictable and sustainable income streams for our faith communities."

NEWS
Ministry Brands Launches Flex Content to Transform Digital Church Engagement

Flex Content will empower church leaders to elevate their digital presence with custom pages, streamlined event promotion, simplified resource access, and stronger congregation connections. This will allow stakeholders to easily strengthen networks and more seamlessly foster meaningful relationships within a church's digital community.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Names Chris Bacon New Chief Executive Officer

“It’s an honor to be entrusted with the leadership of Ministry Brands – a company that shares my values and holds a remarkable position in supporting churches and mission-driven organizations,” said Bacon.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Releases Detailed Guide on How to Improve Online Donations

The Seven Steps guide leverages online donor conversion data to reveal key insights and strategies that remove friction and make the giving process as streamlined as possible.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Enhances Payment Technology Tools with Launch of DonorShield, a Seamless End User Experience

The addition of DonorShield will bolster the reliability of Ministry Brand's payment processing systems, offering critical safeguards against unforeseen disruptions caused by intermittent third-party outages.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Unveils Wave of New Features for its Donor Management Platform at 24th Annual DonorDirect Client Conference

Ministry Brands, the leading software and services company for faith-based and purpose-driven organizations, hosted its 24th annual DonorDirect client conference in Dallas last week.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Unveils New Modules to Expand its Integrated Church Management Platform

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software and services for faith-based, non-profit and other purpose-driven organizations, announced today two major additions to its Ministry Brands Amplify™ solution.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Hires Brandon Sharrett as Chief Revenue Officer

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software and services for faith-based, non-profit and other purpose-driven organizations, announced today the hiring of Brandon Sharrett as its new Chief Revenue Officer.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Launches New ShareFaith Media Marketplace

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software and services for faith-based, non-profit and other purpose-driven organizations, today announced the relaunch of ShareFaith Media, a ready-to-use library of digital church content.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Appoints Finance Leadership

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of SaaS operational management systems, payments platforms, digital engagement tools and background screening solutions for faith-based, non-profit and for-profit organizations, is pleased to welcome Christian Greyenbuhl as Chief Financial Officer.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Acquires WeShare and WeGather Assets from LPi

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software, services and information platforms for churches, ministries and those they serve, announced its acquisition of the WeShare and WeGather assets from LPi.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Welcomes New Chief Operations Officer and Senior Vice President of Human Resources

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software, services and information platforms for churches, ministries and those they serve, is pleased to announce the appointment of Chris Bacon as Chief Operations Officer and Holly McGiboney as Senior Vice President of Human Resources.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Report Shows Protestant Churches Increase Use of Background Checks for Staff & Volunteers

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of church management software solutions, recently released data showing mainline Protestant and Evangelical churches are utilizing background checks at an increasing rate.

NEWS
Ministry Brands Launches MinistryOne™ Mobile Church App

Ministry Brands, the leading provider of software solutions for churches, announced today the launch of a new mobile application, MinistryOne™.

NEWS
First-Ever Mission / Vision Trip to El Salvador

In April 2016, a team of 12 team members from across the company joined together to visit the Central American country of El Salvador.

NEWS
Community Outreach with Elexio

In May of 2015, Elexio participated for the second year in Go Beyond, a week-long missionary initiative here in Lancaster County, PA.

FOLLOW US
Company
About
Our Team
Careers
Press
Partner Marketplace
Amplify product overview

From giving to service planning, Amplify consolidates all your administrative tasks into an easy-to-use, practical interface that gives your team their time back.

View the homepage
Legal and Privacy Notices
DMCA Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
© 2025 Ministry Brands LLC. All rights reserved. Patent pending.
e360 Giving
e360 Giving simplifies donations for churches.
easyTithe
Enhancing church giving through simplified digital solutions.
ekklesia360
Total church management tailored to community needs.
Ezekiel
Advanced church website management systems.
Fellowship One
Comprehensive church management software solutions.
Clover
Build beautiful and functional church websites effortlessly.
Church Fundraising
Innovative fundraising solutions for church projects and activities.
Church Membership
Tools and strategies to grow and manage church membership.
Purchase Management
Streamlining procurement processes for church resources.
Church Media
Effective media solutions for engaging church communities.
Church Youth
Programs and activities designed to engage the younger generation.
Church Inventory
Inventory management systems tailored for church needs.
Church Administration
Training and resources for effective church administration.
Church Social Media
Strategies to enhance church presence on social media platforms.
Church Membership Growth
Growth strategies to expand church membership effectively.
Church Finding
Guidance for finding the right church community.
Church Pastoral Care
Support and counseling services for church leaders and members.