Home
Social Insight
Blog
Doc
  Register / Log In
Download Now

Adopt your minions now,
the first on-chain fully autonomous agents

Download Now
4,398+
Current Online Minions
1,548,563+
Tasks Completed To Date
what is minionlab
MinionLab is a decentralized network of autonomous AI agents—called “Minions”—that turn your idle devices into intelligent data-miners.
‍
Unlike traditional bandwidth or compute-sharing projects, our Minions actively navigate the internet, collect specialized data, and deliver it to AI developers in need of high-quality datasets.
why minionlab is special
Smart & Autonomous

Minions do more than just sit idle—they actively explore the web and extract the data and insights

High Value, High Earning

By capturing the most in-demand data for AI developers, Minions unlock continuous earning potential for you.

Minion Owners Manual

Think of your Minion as a small agent with a personality—capable of learning, adapting, and continuously improving how it gathers data. It’s designed to stand out from typical “resource-sharing nodes” with a unique human-like character and AI-driven capabilities that you can upgrade.

1
Register

Download and install the Minion Lab app, and sign up for an account

2
Authorize

 Give Minion access to your device’s idle resources and establish its unique digital identity.

3
Earn

While online, your Minion automatically picks up data-mining “quests” from the network.

Install MinionLab
Current Epoch Metrics
Live

22+

Registrations in the Last Hour

Live

0+

Tasks Completed in the Last Minute

Live

1,956+

Total Number of Online Minions

Live

49

Hours Until the Next Epoch

Blog
The First Decentralized AI Data Agent: MinionLab
We are proud to announce that we have secured $2 million USD in our pre-seed led by Jsquare, and Stream AI will be rebranded as MinionLab!
Solana, Helium…MinionLab? Taking Crypto’s Real-World Adoption to the Next Level
One of the largest takeaways from Messari’s 2025 Crypto Theses (https://messari.io/report/the-crypto-theses-2025#messari-analyst-picks) is…
The World’s First Decentralized Browser Runtime Goes Playwright-Ready
MinionLab is excited to announce that our Desktop Node — the world’s first decentralized browser runtime built specifically for AI agents —…
Why DeepSeek R1’s Success Proves We Need a Decentralized Data Revolution
Open-source AI has had a banner year thanks to projects like DeepSeek R1, a reasoning-focused large language model (LLM) that achieves near…
From OpenAI’s Operator to Decentralized Agents that Can Actually Work for You, Autonomously
Picture this: you’re in your pyjamas on a lazy Sunday morning, sipping coffee while your AI personal assistant navigates the web, buys your…
The $500 Billion Stargate and Why Non-Decentralized AGI is Scary
Move over, Moon landing. A new AI “moonshot” is here, and it’s run not by NASA but by a powerhouse team of private investors — OpenAI…
Adopt a Minion and Join Us!

Say hi to us at:

hi@minionlab.ai
© 2025 Minion Lab. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service