MinMaxify MinMaxify Home Features Industries Install Now MinMaxify MinMaxify Home Features Industries Install Now Minimize Risk   & Maximize Profits Minimize Risk   & Maximize Profits Restrict Product Quantities on Your Shopify Store with Full Control Using the MinMaxify app Easy to use by marketers. Built by world-class engineers for enterprise. Start Your Free 7-Day Trial 4.9 from 150+ Reviews Start Your Free 14-Day Trial Trusted by 20,000+ Shopify Merchants Trusted by 20,000+ Shopify Merchants Take charge of your Shopify Store! Take charge of your Shopify Store! Apply restrictions for an entire cart, specific products, or groups of products Limit orders for sample items, promos, new product drops, preorders, or items with free shipping - or just simply because you want to! Cart Limitations Create limits based on dollar value and the number of products in the cart. For example, maybe you want to limit products that are under $5 or over $500. Or maybe you want to reduce the risk of depleting your inventory on specific SKUs to one single shopper. Learn more Learn more Product Limitations Create limits based on sizes of product groups such as cases of wine, or limited product drops. Set limits that specify that customers must purchase a minimum of 12 bottles for the order to qualify. Learn more Learn more Group Limitations Create customer tags that limit groups of products such as specific collections, types of products like trial sizes or samples, collaborators or brands, and more. Learn more Learn more We never have to worry about limiting products - once it's loaded the app does it for you! We never have to worry about limiting products - once it's loaded the app does it for you! Mopani Pharmacy Mopani Pharmacy MinMaxify For Every Industry Trusted by 20,000+ Shopify Merchants Trusted by 4400+ Shopify Plus Merchants Over 150+ Reviews with a 4.9 Star Rating Food & Beverage Brands Food & Beverage Brands Find out more Find out more Fashion & Apparel Brands Fashion & Apparel Brands Find out more Find out more Beauty & Cosmetics Brands Beauty & Cosmetics Brands Find out more Find out more Health & Wellness Brands Health & Wellness Brands Find out more FAQs How can I improve the shopping experience using this app? You can create a seamless shopping experience by applying minimum and maximum order limits to collections, product types, and tags. This prevents overselling, particularly for specific audiences, and ensures customers don't exceed certain purchase quantities. How easy is it to set up the app? Setting up app is a breeze – no coding required! You can configure all the limits and rules through a user-friendly interface, making it accessible for anyone to manage. What does the app do? App allows you to control order quantities by setting minimum and maximum limits on products, collections, and cart items. You can enhance the shopping experience by implementing these limits based on various criteria. What kind of customer support is available? We offer responsive customer support to assist you with any questions or issues you might encounter while using the app. Reach out to our support team through the app or our designated support channels. Does the app support discounts or wholesale pricing? You can create a seamless shopping experience by applying minimum and maximum order limits to collections, product types, and tags. This prevents overselling, particularly for specific audiences, and ensures customers don't exceed certain purchase quantities. Ready to get started? Start Your Free 7-Day Trial 4.9 from 150+ Reviews MinMaxify Home Features Industries MinMaxify Home Features Industries MinMaxify Home Features Industries