Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Skip to main content Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis: Pursuing an Economy that works for all of us. Search Close Menu Close Off the sidelines and into the low-hire economy More Americans are diving back into the job hunt despite “ugliest” labor market in years Read more » Pursuing an economy that works for all of us Previous American neighborhoods are segregated by income. What does that mean for the future of income inequality, neighborhoods, and children? December 3, 2025 Article Inquiring minds: Q&A with Alex Albright December 2, 2025 Article States look for clogs in the housing pipeline November 26, 2025 Article Delivering housing innovation on a flatbed trailer December 19, 2025 Article What new data tell us about the growth of occupational licensure December 19, 2025 Article Rapid City: A magnet for tourists, bomber crews, and retirees December 18, 2025 Article Regional economic insights in an evolving landscape December 17, 2025 Article Uncertainty and increased competition impact construction firms December 12, 2025 Article Research collaborations propel economic data in Indian Country December 9, 2025 Article American neighborhoods are segregated by income. What does that mean for the future of income inequality, neighborhoods, and children? December 3, 2025 Article Inquiring minds: Q&A with Alex Albright December 2, 2025 Article States look for clogs in the housing pipeline November 26, 2025 Article Delivering housing innovation on a flatbed trailer December 19, 2025 Article What new data tell us about the growth of occupational licensure December 19, 2025 Article Rapid City: A magnet for tourists, bomber crews, and retirees December 18, 2025 Article Regional economic insights in an evolving landscape December 17, 2025 Article Uncertainty and increased competition impact construction firms December 12, 2025 Article Research collaborations propel economic data in Indian Country December 9, 2025 Article American neighborhoods are segregated by income. What does that mean for the future of income inequality, neighborhoods, and children? December 3, 2025 Article Inquiring minds: Q&A with Alex Albright December 2, 2025 Article States look for clogs in the housing pipeline November 26, 2025 Article Next 1 2 3 Our Policy Work & Initiatives We explore policy topics that are important to economic prosperity across our region. Inflation Employment & Labor Markets Region & Community Housing Center for Indian Country Development We advance the economic self-determination and prosperity of Native nations and Indigenous communities through actionable data and research that inform public policy discussions. Research collaborations propel economic data in Indian Country At milestone CICD event, tribal leaders reflect on leveraging economic data as a tool of sovereignty Conversations with the Fed: A Decade of Economic Research and Data Innovation in Indian Country Opportunity & Inclusive Growth Institute The mission of the Opportunity & Inclusive Growth Institute is to conduct and promote research that will increase economic opportunity and inclusive growth. American neighborhoods are segregated by income. What does that mean for the future of income inequality, neighborhoods, and children? Inquiring minds: Q&A with Alex Albright Cohabitation, Child Development, and College Costs What is a dollar worth? $ Dollar in Starting Year in original year is worth is worth $ The calculation is worth: in Final Year Calculate Tweet More info Download the app ECONOMIC RESEARCH We produce world-class economic research and provide high-impact analysis and advice to Bank leaders on monetary policy and other strategic initiatives. Economists » Staff Reports » Working Papers » Featured Authors Libby Starling Senior Community Development Advisor, Community Development and Engagement Request as a speaker Recent Article Delivering housing innovation on a flatbed trailer How volumetric modular construction could contribute to housing supply and affordability Read More Ryan Nunn Assistant Vice President, Community Development and Engagement Request as a speaker Recent Article What new data tell us about the growth of occupational licensure Now featuring expanded information, Minneapolis Fed dashboard enables users to explore how and why licensing has taken root Read More FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA LinkedIn Instagram Threads Facebook Twitter VISIT US AT THE FED LEARN MORE We serve the public by pursuing a growing economy and stable financial system that work for all of us. LEARN MORE About Us Research Region & Community Banking Policy News & Events Contact Us Careers President Kashkari Economic Research Center for Indian Country Development Opportunity & Inclusive Growth Institute Sign up for news and events LinkedIn Instagram Threads Facebook Twitter © 2025 Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Accessibility Privacy Transparency