Homepage - Minute.ly Skip to content Home Products Technology Careers About Media Contact Us Menu Home Products Technology Careers About Media Contact Us Request a demo Amplify the impact of your video content Increase revenue and user engagement by using Minute’s video technology Request a demo Let's Talk About Video Video is the most popular medium today Producing, purchasing and managing video is expensive The ROI on video is too often negative Auto Preview Video Smart teasers for your video content Optimize your audience and increase video consumption by replacing static thumbnails with dynamic AI-powered thumbnails across your digital assets. Top Video Engage your audience with the most relevant videos Monetize existing content and increase viewership with a new AI-based, real-time recommendations component that features the most relevant videos in your library. Stories by Minute.ly Reach new audiences across all platforms Increase reach and traffic with a mobile-first storytelling that captures the peak moments of live broadcasts and existing content automatically on site, app, search and social. Our Technology Backed with years of visual analysis data, Minute.ly’s AI-powered deep learning technology analyzes video content to identify peak moments. This allows us to automatically generate teasers from your video content with simple, seamless integration. Big Data/AI A synergy of data sets from millions of videos with AI (deep learning and machine learning). Big Data/AI Anomaly Detection Speech to text Computer Vision A/B testing Algorithms Powered by a unique patented technology Auto Preview Video Based on the power of our AI algorithms & big data, we generate  dynamic highlights t  e  c  h  n  o  l  o  g  y Big Data/AI Algorithms Auto Preview Video Contact US [email protected] [email protected] Yigal Alon 65, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel Home Home Products Technology Menu Home Products Technology Company About Careers About Careers Resources Media Menu Media Other Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Menu Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Website Home Products Technology Home Products Technology Minute © 2018. All Rights Reserved Instagram Twitter Linkedin This website uses cookies to enhance your visit and provide you with information tailored to your interests. For more information on our use of cookies please see our Privacy Notice ACCEPT Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings