From my battle to our war, MMORPG MIR4 Play Now Chronicle Overview Intro News Chronicle Download Features Class MIR4 X BLOCKCHAIN Growth Media Xdraco Forum Support Facebook Youtube Discord English 简体中文 繁體中文 ไทย Português 日本語 Español This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Cookie Policy Allow all cookies Only allow essential cookies Close Banner View Details Chapter 18 Update Heroes are born out of extreme survival competitions Paragon DETAILS Chapter 17 Update Another power bestowed by the spirits Magical Soul Orb DETAILS Chapter16 Update Grand Unification, Giant and Flexible Market Unified Market DETAILS Chapter15 Update Trace of the wind blowing from the Outerworld Mirage Ship PLAY DETAILS Special Video WEMIX$ PAYMENT UPDATE PLAY Special Video Developer Commentary The Future of MIR4 PLAY Special Video Find out stories behind Global MIR4 Players PLAY MULTIVERSE OF MIR4 MIRAGE VISIT NOW NFT The World’s first NFT of commercially successful online games is now open! VISIT NOW Play Now Play Anytime, Anywhere NEWS 더보기 Mission Scrolls & Monthly Check in Reports - 2025 Dec. Ends and 2026 Jan. Starts 2025.12.29 Notice on Exceptional Masters Portrait Event (Dec. 29th ~Jan.5th) 2025.12.26 (Fixed: October 29th) Game connection issue and the Unreal Engine 4.27 Update 2025.10.28 PATCH NOTE Patch Note - December 23rd 2025.12.22 CHRONICLE 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Chapter1 Fog of War Chapter2 Castle Siege Chapter3 Expedition Chapter4 New World Chapter5 Expansion Chapter6 Broken Balance of Power Chapter7 Reclaiming Control Chapter8 Noblesse Oblige Chapter9 Prelude of Conquest Chapter10 Tower of Black Dragon Chapter11 Hell Raid Chapter12 Snowfield Area Chapter13 The Darkist Chapter14 Sabuk Clash Chapter15 Mirage Ship Chapter16 Grand Unification Chapter17 Spirit King Chapter18 Paragon Chapter19 The New Wind Chapter20 Lionheart Chapter21 Coming Soon to next chapter Fog of War "Rain of Arrows shall blot out the Sun" A force that will turn the tide of war. New class and class change system. Arbalist From the shadows comes a deadly assassin, 'Arbalist'. Rain of arrows pierce through the air. PLAY Fog of War "Rain of Arrows shall blot out the Sun" A force that will turn the tide of war. New class and class change system. Class Change A new story unfolds. Freely switch between five classes. Fog of War "Rain of Arrows shall blot out the Sun" A force that will turn the tide of war. New class and class change system. Chapter 1. Fog of War November 2nd Arbalist Class Change Solitude Training Special Boss - Crimson Emperor Utukan DSP (DRACO Staking Program) Castle Siege "The Rise of Sovereignty" Those who rule over Bicheon will gain absolute power. Bicheon Castle Siege Clan war for the right to the throne. One clan will rightfully claim wealth and power of Bicheon Castle. PLAY Castle Siege "The Rise of Sovereignty" Those who rule over Bicheon will gain absolute power. Chapter 2. Castle Siege November 16th Siege Eve Bicheon Castle Siege (1st start 11/28) Spirit Treasure/Magic Stone Transcendence XDRACO Expedition "Beyond the Border" History of MIR began with expeditions. It's time to remove the boundaries set between servers. Wayfarer Travel Land of MIR will face a new era with the introduction of Wayfarer travel. Travel between servers with the Wayfarer's Pass. Expedition "Beyond the Border" History of MIR began with expeditions. It's time to remove the boundaries set between servers. Chapter 3. Expedition November 30th Wayfarer Travel Spirit - Leocrat Khun(Epic) / Bloodtip Drago(Legendary) December 14th New Region 'Phantasia' Update Maximum level increase (130 Lv) Raid - Crimson Dragon Nest Boss Raid - Forsaken King Clan Expedition - Blue Thunder Dragon December 21st MIR4 NFT New World "Bigger stage, a new era" Expedition, Black Flame Arch Demon Nerkan 4 hours of fierce battle through cross-server Expedition. Defeat Black Flame Arch Demon Nerkan and obtain legendary loot boxes. New World "Bigger stage, a new era" Expedition, Black Flame Arch Demon Nerkan 4 hours of fierce battle through cross-server Expedition. Defeat Black Flame Arch Demon Nerkan and obtain legendary loot boxes. New World "Bigger stage, a new era" Chapter 4. New World March New World Boss "Nerkan" added Balance adjustments for battle skills April Expedition Expedition: Altar of Darkness Expansion "The deepest place where a millennial history is buried" Head to Phantasia and then Sabuk. Find out the truth behind suspicious movements. Phantasia Area Expanded / Sabuk Newly Opened The eastern part of Phantasia, Rockcut Tomb and Bladehaven are revealed. Who can be trusted? The flames of war spread to the eastern part of Phantasia and Sabuk. Expansion "The deepest place where a millennial history is buried" Head to Phantasia and then Sabuk. Find out the truth behind suspicious movements. World Boss Violet Demon God Turkan Participate in a large-scale Expedition across the land of Mir to subdue Turkan, the ruler of Phantasia Valley. Expansion "The deepest place where a millennial history is buried" Head to Phantasia and then Sabuk. Find out the truth behind suspicious movements. Chapter 5. Expansion May 3rd Phantasia Area Expanded - 'Rockcut Tomb' and 'Bladehaven' Sabuk Area Newly Opened Character Max Level Increased (Lv.150) Tower of Conquest Max Level Increased New Mysteries Added Boss Raid - "Deranged Hellbound Revenant" Added Clan Expedition - "Azure Flame Emperor" Added May 31st World Boss "Turkan" Added Broken Balance of Power “Plunder or be plundered” The unstable balance of power is finally broken; from now on, the Law of the Jungle will prevail. Bicheon Heist Update Gather your Expedition members and infiltrate Bicheon Castle's underground vaults of another server. You can obtain a massive amount of Darksteel. Broken Balance of Power “Plunder or be plundered” The unstable balance of power is finally broken; from now on, the Law of the Jungle will prevail. Chapter 6. Broken Balance of Power June 14th The Twelfth Raid - Hidden Altar Clan Challenge Lv. 5 June 28th Bicheon Heist Reclaiming Control “Predominance of Dragonians” From the depths of the Hidden Valleys, the great battle for control has already begun. We shall take back what’s ours. Changes to Darksteel Implementation of level restrictions for Darksteel mines and redistribution of total minable Darksteel supply in the Hidden Valleys to entrust more economic control over to Dragonians. Noblesse Oblige “With great power comes great responsibility” As the protector and ruler of your server, defend against the might of neighboring forces or risk loss of honor, glory, and wealth. Accountability of leaders Darksteel mining tax collected through Hidden Valleys and Bicheon Castle will be halved upon destruction of the Altar of Darkness. Prelude of Conquest “Calm before the storm” Ready your forces and prepare for the greatest war in the land of MIR Preparation for the Domination Server Existing servers will become merged in preparation for the upcoming Domination Server. It will have forces from up to 16 different servers for an all-out war. Prelude of Conquest “Calm before the storm” Ready your forces and prepare for the greatest war in the land of MIR Introduction of NFT Servers A brand new adventure begins in the NFT server accessible only through transfer of character NFTs and where new character creation is permanently disabled. Prelude of Conquest “Calm before the storm” Ready your forces and prepare for the greatest war in the land of MIR Chapter9. Prelude of Conquest July 12th Relic system added Dragonworld's Rift content added August 9th New Boss Raid - Ghostly Bogey 8F for Magic Square and Secret Peak New Legendary Spirit Alluring Spirit Cat August 23rd 1st Anniversary Celebration Special Event New NFT Server added New Mystery Tower of Black Dragon "Black Dragon's Growing Power" The most powerful and skilled Dragonians rally to resist the chaos that emerged at the rift. Domination Server Opened Prove your strength on Domination Server where numerous other strong Dragonians rally from different regions once per day. Tower of Black Dragon "Black Dragon's Growing Power" The most powerful and skilled Dragonians rally to resist the chaos that emerged at the rift. Tower of Black Dragon Updated A mysterious tower appeared on Domination Server through the rift that arose as the Black Dragon’s powers became stronger. Subjugate the powerful demons that have never been seen before and get special treasures. Tower of Black Dragon "Black Dragon's Growing Power" The most powerful and skilled Dragonians rally to resist the chaos that emerged at the rift. Dragon Artifact Updated Five artifacts that hold the power of the mighty Dragons. Equipping all five Dragon Artifacts shall grant the user an even stronger Antidemon Power that will put an end to this chaos. Tower of Black Dragon "Black Dragon's Growing Power" The most powerful and skilled Dragonians rally to resist the chaos that emerged at the rift. Chapter 10. Tower of Black Dragon September 6th Dragon Artifact Updated Special Enchant system Added September 20th Domination Server Opened Tower of Black Dragon Updated Max Level Increased (Lv.170) More Sabuk Areas Opened Assassin Mode Added Raid - "Sabuk Execution Ground" Added Hell Raid "More challenging and dynamic" A hard mode where you fight stronger bosses has arrived! Hell Raid Added Defeat more powerful bosses with a party of up to 15 clan members in the Hell Raid. Join the battle now and obtain the best rewards with your clan members. More members mean more special rewards! Hell Raid "More challenging and dynamic" A hard mode where you fight stronger bosses has arrived! Special Enhancement & Transcendence System Update Perform Special Enhancement with Epic and Legendary treasures to overcome your limit. Increase your Power Score even more! Legendary Spirits can be transcended to help you greatly on your journey. Hell Raid "More challenging and dynamic" A hard mode where you fight stronger bosses has arrived! Chapter 11. Hell Raid October 4th Hell Raid Special Enhancement System Transcend System October 18th New Mystery Added New Clan Cooperation Missions Added Clan Tech Expanded Snowfield Area “The Party’s Last Journey in Search of Cheonpa” Behold, beyond the Great Sabuk Wall rises a new area with traces of the Black Dragon! Nine Dragon Ice Field The field of ice that stands on green and fertile land, frozen from the bloody battle between the Divine Dragon and humans! Find Cheonpa’s traces here, deep within the ridges of the northern mountain ranges. Snowfield Area “The Party’s Last Journey in Search of Cheonpa” Behold, beyond the Great Sabuk Wall rises a new area with traces of the Black Dragon! Nine Dragon Ice Palace The underground facility of a palace owned by the kingdom of immigrants that once flourished in the north. Witness the remains of the kingdom that served the Black Dragon. Snowfield Area “The Party’s Last Journey in Search of Cheonpa” Behold, beyond the Great Sabuk Wall rises a new area with traces of the Black Dragon! Sagittarion Temple The underground temple where the Black Dragon is sealed. Complete your mission by making your way through the Sagittarions who stand as guards of the temple in hopes of the dragon’s resurrection. Snowfield Area “The Party’s Last Journey in Search of Cheonpa” Behold, beyond the Great Sabuk Wall rises a new area with traces of the Black Dragon! Nine Dragon Labyrinth & Sagittarion Valley Face your fears at the lowest floor and deepest corner of the labyrinth and the valley! Snowfield Area “The Party’s Last Journey in Search of Cheonpa” Behold, beyond the Great Sabuk Wall rises a new area with traces of the Black Dragon! Chapter 12. Snowfield Area November New Clan Expedition & Challenge New Raid & Boss Raid “Antidemon Chamber” Newly Added December Tier II Magic Stones/Spectrumites/Spirit Treasures New Mystery Added January “Snowfield Area” Newly Opened Max Level Increased (Lv.180) Conquests, Constitution, and Inner Force Expanded The Darkist “All shall tremble in fear in her presence at the end of the abyss!” There is nowhere to hide as she spreads her poison across the battlefield. New Class, “the Darkist” The dark witch who showed herself from the gates of hell! Based on her ranged spells, she corrupts and annihilates her enemies using powerful poison and curses. The Darkist “All shall tremble in fear in her presence at the end of the abyss!” There is nowhere to hide as she spreads her poison across the battlefield. Chapter 13. Darkist February New Raid & Boss Raid Solitude Training expanded Magic Square/Secret Peak 9F March New Class Darkist New Clan Expedition New Clan Challenge Sabuk Clash “Four Kings, Only One Emperor” The war for supremacy grows ever grander and fiercer. Sabuk Clash King clans of all servers clash with each other to reach for the supreme power of the Emperor clan. Become the Emperor to assert your absolute will across the continent. Sabuk Clash “Four Kings, Only One Emperor” The war for supremacy grows ever grander and fiercer. Chapter 14. Sabuk Clash March Sabuk Clash April Tower of Black Dragon 4F Dragon Forge System Hell Raid stage Added May Potential Mirage Ship “Trace of the wind blowing from the Outerworld” Dragonians, board the Mirage Ship! New Area Mirage Ship The power of the Spirit King is contained within the Mirage Ship.The day the Mirage Ship crash landed in Phantasia Desert, the heavenly energy was disrupted, endangering the balance of Four Layers and Nine Worlds. Mirage Ship “Trace of the wind blowing from the Outerworld” Dragonians, board the Mirage Ship! Chapter 15. Mirage Ship June Mirage Ship Episodes 1 and 2 Sanctuary of Hydra Lv. 13 Max Level Increased (Lv. 190) Grand Unification "Combining All Markets and Adventures" Beyond the limit! The age of Grand Unification has come, destroying borders between regions. Unified Market / Unified Raid A giant and flexible single market has been created. Dragonians from all regions unite to fight enemies! The great change has come. This is no longer mere combat, but war. Grand Unification "Combining All Markets and Adventures" Beyond the limit! The age of Grand Unification has come, destroying borders between regions. Black Dragon Valley In the Domination Server teeming with Expeditions, a new location has been discovered: Black Dragon Valley. Those who seek to be the best will bravely set forth to explore. Grand Unification "Combining All Markets and Adventures" Beyond the limit! The age of Grand Unification has come, destroying borders between regions. Chapter 16. Grand Unification July Unified Market Domination Server - Black Dragon Valley New Party Leader Spirit added August Unified Raid Domination Server - Black Dragon's Altar 2nd Anniversary Spirit King "Another power bestowed by the spirits" Traces of the Spirit King are present on the Mir Continent. Be in awe before the king's power! Magical Soul Orb Another power bestowed by the spirits! Magical Soul Orbs will allow you to become stronger and set out on grand adventures on the Mir Continent. Spirit King "Another power bestowed by the spirits" Traces of the Spirit King are present on the Mir Continent. Be in awe before the king's power! Mirage Ship - Another World The Mirage Ship contains the power of the Spirit King. The path to adventure and combat in a different world will once again be opened. Spirit King "Another power bestowed by the spirits" Traces of the Spirit King are present on the Mir Continent. Be in awe before the king's power! Chapter 17. Spirit King September Massive balance adjustments for combat skills Magic Square/Secret Peak 10F New Raid/Boss Raid October Magical Soul Orbs added November Mirage Ship Episodes 3 and 4 New Mystery added New Clan Expedition/Challenge Paragon "Heroes rise in troubled times" Heroes are born out of extreme survival competitions. Witness their grand entrance! Valley of Life and Death Heroes rise amidst the chaotic melee! The new grand-scale team PvP content where everyone fights tooth and nail on equal terms Paragon "Heroes rise in troubled times" Heroes are born out of extreme survival competitions. Witness their grand entrance! <Blackhorn Winged Drakin> Drakazan Another World Boss has appeared in the Black Dragon Valley. Once again, powerful players from all servers stand united or fight for the glory of the raid! Paragon "Heroes rise in troubled times" Heroes are born out of extreme survival competitions. Witness their grand entrance! Cosmic Harmony A new growth system—reach a new stage beyond God Realm. Paragon "Heroes rise in troubled times" Heroes are born out of extreme survival competitions. Witness their grand entrance! Chapter 18. Paragon March Valley of Life and Death Domination Server World Boss <Blackhorn Winged Drakin> Drakazan 2nd Transference Equipment April Mirage Ship Episodes 5 and 6 June Cosmic Harmony New Boss Raid added The New Wind "The new wind of change is blowing across the Land of Mir." A new power and new humanity. Witness the new age! Boosting World New heroes appear! Quickly grow your characters in the Boosting World server specialized in growth and join the war in the Land of Mir. The New Wind "The new wind of change is blowing across the Land of Mir." A new power and new humanity. Witness the new age! Ancient Treasures & Special Magical Soul Orbs Unleash new power! Gain even greater power through ancient and mythic forces. The New Wind "The new wind of change is blowing across the Land of Mir." A new power and new humanity. Witness the new age! Hydra's Depths The hidden depths within the Sanctuary of Hydra have been revealed. You must help Hydra King Imir to stop the ambitious Lord Ragnos of the Black Dragon Tribe! The New Wind "The new wind of change is blowing across the Land of Mir." A new power and new humanity. Witness the new age! Chapter 19. The New Wind August Third Anniversary October Mirage Ship Episodes 7 and 8 New Clan Expedition & Challenge November Boosting World Server Open Ancient Treasures & Special Magical Soul Orbs Hydra's Depths EXDRA Token Lionheart "Bringing hope to allies and nightmares to enemies in raging battles." His fist brings both salvation and despairing judgment. New Class "Lionheart" A warrior from the western region who has forsaken swords in pursuit of true martial arts. A master of martial arts and sorcery, he controls the very flow of the battlefield with fierce assaults, healing allies, and incapacitating enemies. Lionheart "Bringing hope to allies and nightmares to enemies in raging battles." His fist brings both salvation and despairing judgment. Chapter 20. Lionheart April Mythic Equipment/Mythic Spirits June EXDRA2 Token Ancient Treasure/Special Magical Soul Orb Season 2 Scripture Hall/Redmoon Purgatory July Path of Fiery Battle August Fourth Anniversary New Class Lionheart Enhanced Boosting World Server Open Play Anytime, Anywhere MIR4 can be played across different platforms. Cross-play while at home or on the go. Play on Windows Play on STEAM Play on Mac M1 Read more Close System Requirements PC Mobile System Window AOS iOS Division Minimum Specifications Recommended System Requirements Minimum Specifications CPU intel® core™ i5-5200U 2.2Hz intel® core™ i5-6200U 2.3Hz Samsung Galaxy S7 or higher (snap dragon 820, Exynos 8890 or higher) iPhone 7 or newer Memory 4GB 16GB 4GB Graphic Nvidia GTX 650 / AMD Radeon 530 Nvidia GTX 950 / AMD Radeon 560 - Operating System Windows 8.1 / 64-bit operating system Windows 10 / 64-bit operating system AOS 6.0 or above iOS 13 or above DirectX DirectX 11 - Free Storage 10GB - Installation 01 Download the PC installation file. 02 Execute the downloaded file. 03 Once you've completed installation, double-click MIR4 PC Launcher to run it. Video Guide PC installation PC installation FAQ Close FEATURES 01 Oriental Movement From the slightest movement of your fingertips to the intricate air stride, experience the beauty and elegance of the Orient. PLAY 02 Free Loot Introducting MIR4's unique Free Loot System. 30 seconds, the time required for warriors to claim treasure chests. PLAY 03 Fraud Detection System Preserves values of items traded through the exchange market by preventing abnormal trades. PLAY 04 Spirit Summoned spirts will stand by your side as companions and supporters through all of your adventures in MIR4 PLAY 05 Clan From my battle to our war. A world beyond that can only truly be experienced together PLAY 06 Hidden Valley Capture Hidden Valley, the core of MIR4's economy. Monopoly through control or mutual gain through coexistence. Which path will your clan choose? PLAY 07 Bicheon Castle Siege The end of a long lasting expedition to become the ruler of the land of MIR. PLAY 08 Exploration loot of the MIR Continent As you gain experience through adventure, the best tools will become yours. MIR4 won't let your time and efforts go unnoticed PLAY CLASS Warrior A strong fighter who pulverizes enemies by wielding a heavy greatsword. Armed with sturdy armor and an unyielding will, this fighter always leads others in battle. Ultimate Dragon Flame A Warrior's Ultimate that creates Chi Fire with qigong of extreme yang, infuses it into a sword, and discharges it out all at once, burning the area to the ground. Void Slash A sword skill that sends a linear Sword Force wave by slashing the sword very quickly as if to cut through space. Splitting Slash A simple move that swings a weapon widely. However, its overwhelming power and energy neutralize all skills and tricks of enemies and destroy everything in its way. Body Check Combining the melee sparring skill of a Mountainous Charge with the powerful physical skill and armor weight of a Warrior, it can inflict a shock comparable to being hit by a giant boulder. Ground Smash Jumping into the air and smashing down on a target point deals devastating damage like an earthquake. Gale Slash If swung wildly, the sword turns faster and faster, and an unstoppable storm of Sword Force rages in the area. Lion's Roar A roar unleashed by concentrating chi drawn from deep within you, which becomes a weapon powerful enough to shake heaven and earth. Riposte A skill that enables a perfect defense stance when blocking all enemy attacks, and looks for a chance to tip the scales with a single slash of the sword. Iron Shackle A wondrous binding skill that throws a chain around several nearby enemies and pulls them all toward you. Crescent Strike A sword skill that enables you to become one with the Sword Force and break through the enemy line by swinging a sword horizontally, creating a Sword Force in a big crescent shape. Berserk A prohibited skill that instantly reverses the flow of the chi loci to forcefully blast open one's full potential. Barbaric Charge A brave Warrior's skill that enables you to charge at the center of the enemy camp and throw chains in all directions to pull and knockdown enemies. Unbreakable Stance A self-defense skill that creates a spiral whirlpool around the body to protect against threats. Sorcerer Wielder of magic that destroys enemies with the power of the elements. Although very strong when fighting alone, she becomes far stronger when protected by allies. Ultimate Dragon Tornado One of the Sorcerer's Ultimate that summons and fires forth a twister that is said to be the manifestation of the whirlwind that appears when a dragon ascends. Flame Orb A spell that condenses the energy of fire into a small sphere and blasts it at an enemy. If the sphere hits, it causes a massive explosion. Frost Orb A spell that fires a mass of cold that chills to the bone, slowing the enemy's movement. Dark Vortex A spell that warps space to open a wind path to another space, creating a raging vortex that is impossible to escape. Thunderstorm Strikes an enemy several times with thunderbolts by drawing on the power of the ancient mythical Dragon God that is known to have defeated enemies with lightning bolts. Magic Shield A spell that creates a shield that absorbs all attacks to protect the caster. However, it costs a lot of MP. Blizzard An ultimate ice spell that summons a fierce snowstorm from the polar region to freeze all beings. Chain Lightning A spell that draws out the energy of Lightning from the palm and fires it at a target. It also electrocutes enemies near the target one by one. Flame Strike A fire spell that creates a heat storm by expanding air in a flash, knocking away nearby enemies. Soul Devour A spell that explodes the energy of darkness, dealing damage to the soul. Although an evil, heathen skill, its effect is hard to argue with. Immolate A powerful fire spell that shoots fire taken from the burning river of hell and burns the enemies in front, one by one. Phoenix Embrace Causes Energy that maximizes the power of spells to cascade out by receiving the benediction of the Vermilion Bird, the divine guardian and symbol of Sorcerer. Frozen Block Covers the whole body with cold to protect against all attacks and freezes enemies that pound on the ice shield. Taoist A truth seeker who helps others with her swordsmanship and spells. Her divine recovery skill enables her to overcome any difficulties in her path. Ultimate Ray of Light If you focus the divine energy on your fingertips and stretch out your hands, the energy forms a spear of light that penetrates all enemies in your path. Moonlight Wave A taoist palm skill that strikes enemies with waves of yin energy, like the moonlight pouring down on the ground. Sunbeam Sword A wondrous sword skill that infuses Spell Power into a sword, making it shine as bright as the sun to mesmerize the enemy and attack their vital spot. Moonlight Orb A moonlight bead created by a taoist that holds enemies like the pull of a full moon on the ocean, and pulverizes them. Rain of Blades A sword skill that attacks enemies by pouring forth phantoms made of Sword Force. These phantoms are as destructive as the sword itself. Heal A magic spell that heals wounds with divine light energy. It heals both the caster and nearby allies. Piercing Blades An advanced sword skill that creates a great number of sharp arrows made of Sword Force and fires them forward. Guardian Circle A magic spell that summons Earth Energy to protect allies from PHYS DMG and enhance the caster's physical ability. Tai Chi A Taoist's fist skill that creates a vacuum by circulating Taiji and sucks nearby enemies into it to pulverize them. Blasting Charm A thin talisman sheet thrown by a Taoist can cause an explosion strong enough to split a rock once it attaches to an enemy. Soaring Slash A sword skill that continuously throws sharp disks made of Sword Force. The Sword Force penetrates into the enemy's body and destroys them from the inside. Expulsion Circle Sharply increases your ability to resist spells and gives you the courage to fight wicked beings. Greater Heal This ultimate heal instantly cures all wounds by consuming all focus. If this skill is improved to a certain level, it can even revive the dead. Lancer A tyrant on the battlefield who suppresses enemies with his long spear. Armed with a variety of skills that attack and defend simultaneously, he breaks the enemy formation and kills his target at all costs. Ultimate Dragon Spear A Lancer's Ultimate that fires extremely strong chi, crushing and piercing everything in front with a force that nearly defies the laws of nature. Ravaging Blow An irregular spear skill that surprises the enemy by attacking with the pole of the spear, and not its blade. It deals a quick, accurate strike, destroying the enemy's Inner Force Loci. Crescent Blade Strikes enemies in front with a series of strong and vigorous swipes, knocking down everyone in the way. Nirvana Kick A Lancer's kick skill that repeats a sequence of rushing a short distance, cutting down an enemy, and moving back. Double Strike A skill that strikes the ground and shakes the earth, dealing a critical hit to enemies who lose their balance and fail to evade it. Sweeping Storm A spear skill that whirls a spear like a storm, sweeping up enemies like fallen leaves, and then pulverizing them. Dragon Tail Inspired by the motion of a dragon swinging its tail, this skill maximizes rotation force, dealing great damage. Dragon Soar A spear skill that reproduces the image of a dragon ascending from the ocean and erupting lightning. It destroys a certain area in front with multiple Sword Force hits. Overlord Strike An overlord's strike of a strong force created by spinning in the air and striking down, smashing everything to bits. Wind Wall Twirls a spear, creating a wall of wind to block attacks. If upgraded to its ultimate level, it can also create a shield of wind. Piercing Spear A throwing skill that focuses powerful energy on the tip of a spear and fires it away. The skill was invented to track down giant monsters and pierce through their hearts. Absorption A qigong skill that uses only the key features of Life Leech, which has severe side effects. It has the wondrous effect of draining health from enemies. Blitz Strike Rushes a distant enemy in a flash, pierces them with a spear, and hurls them away behind the caster by using the spear's elasticity. Arbalist A huntsman who shoots down enemies, using an arbalest enhanced for quick firing. Freely switches between tracking and escape and rains down a deadly shower of arrows. Ultimate Arrow Rain The enemy's field of view is filled with a rain of an uncountable amount of arrows, removing their will to fight. Quick Shot Successively teleports enemies in the area, cuts them down, and then returns them to their original locations. Strikes one target up to 2 times. Illusion Arrow Instantly moves 8m toward the enemy, dealing a Piercing ATK. Burst Shell Instantly moves 8m toward the enemy, dealing a Piercing ATK. Venom Mist Shell Enemies that breathe in the poisonous fog will be destroyed from the inside out. Their healing skill becomes critically damaged. Ice Cage Enemies are bound with a cold chain along with Severe Cold to prevent them from running away from the Arbalist. Painstrike Gale Rushes suddenly, deals a kick attack, and maintains a favorable range to shoot from. Flash Arrow A shooting technique to temporarily block the enemy's line of sight and prevent them from preparing a follow-up attack. Heavenly Bow When a rain of arrows summoned from the heavens hits your enemies, they have no choice but to perish. Obliterate Shell The condensed chi arrows uses an unbelievable power to destroy even the area upon which it falls. Seeking Bolt Shoots arrows that track the enemy's soul from a remarkably far distance. These arrows never miss their target. Mind's Eye Instead of physical eyes, it searches for targets with the mind's eye. It assesses their weaknesses and fires a critical hit. Cloaking Loses enemies with tricks. Moves secretly and attacks suddenly. Darkist Striking fear into others, subduing them Based on her ranged spells, she corrupts and annihilates her enemies using powerful poison and curses. Ultimate Asura Through the contract of blood, becomes incarnate of Asura, the lord of hell for a short while. The power of all dark arts become greatly increased. Ghostly Flame The blue flame in the form of a ghost burns the enemy's soul and body. Infernal Abyss The gates of hell shall open, and the eternal pain of the dead shall drag the enemies into the abyss. Summon Craveling The dark art that summons a Craveling from its den to let it devour everything within the target area. Sanguine Awakening The forbidden spell that uses dark blood to temporarily wield the power beyond all limits with the outburst of inner demonic aura. Bursting Crimson Flowers Those allured by the beautiful blooming of the flowers of death shall soon be split into pieces by the sharp scatter of the petals. Decay The dark art wields the power of purification in reverse, weakening nearby enemies by decaying the land and air. Chain of Blood The forbidden spell that strikes many enemies with the chains of blood and extorts their blood energy to recover health. Eldritch Dragon Strike When the Evil Dragon lacerates the earth with its claws, lands will be shattered and nothing will remain. Annihilation The absolute curse that leaves the mark of annihilation on the enemy, breaking down the body and soul from the inside. Backflow The dark art that forces the energy of the target to flow backward, weakening the target and leaving it vulnerable to attacks. Terrify The gruesome figure of the devil is summoned to terrify the enemies nearby. Soul Dispersing Mist The dark art that ignores all attacks by transforming the caster's body into a mist. The enemies that inhale the mist fall into a state of confusion, almost as though their spirits were fading away. Lionheart Versatile Seeker of Martial Arts A master of martial arts and sorcery, he controls the flow of the battlefield with fierce assaults as well as healing allies and incapacitating enemies. Ultimate Rampaging Lightning An ultimate form that sweeps away enemies with a relentless surge of lightning energy, completely breaking not only their formation but also their morale. Gale Kick The form of swiftly approaching and overpowering enemies like a gale to confuse them, making them unable to react. Tiger Fist The martial art of instantly overwhelming enemies with incredible power like a fearless tiger roaring. Powerful Quake By imbuing the ground with mighty Inner Force, a Lionheart can generate a deep shaking underground and explode multiple shockwaves to trip nearby enemies. Flurry of Strikes Raising the body's power to its extreme and spinning the entire body like a whirlwind, this technique fiercely drives one forward as if imbued with the energy of a ferocious tiger. Flash Assault Lionheart's well-known charging form, rushing to enemies in a flash and striking them from behind to knock them with mighty force. Hardened Bulwark Using the power of the depth of one's body to emit Inner Force, this secret defensive technique of Lionheart envelops the entire body with a barrier of Inner Force, reflecting enemy attacks and minimizing impact. Encircling Capture Energy emitted from the fingertips forms a barrier in front, and the enemies that are sucked in are bound by chains of energy woven with fighting spirit, instantly pulled to the center. Assault Strike This technique vibrates the space itself to unleash explosive Inner Force like raging thunder and sandstorm, violently shaking the surroundings and stunning enemies. Healing Technique This skill restores one's Inner Force by utilizing Lionheart's powerful ability to control energy flow, allowing wounds to quickly heal and continue fighting. Terrorizing Crash Compressing one's Inner Force to the extreme, this destructive technique instills extreme fear in surrounding enemies with unbearable killing intent and nullifies their energy. Neutralizing Strike This advanced oppression technique precisely injects Lionheart's inner energy into the enemy's energy path, inflicting critical damage and neutralizing the target. Meteor Smash The deadly attack technique of harnessing the energy of heaven and earth to annihilate the surroundings with intense shockwaves, like a meteor falling from the sky. MIR4 X BLOCKCHAIN 01 XDRACO XDRACO is the World’s first game items Exchange of commercially successful online games XDRACO 02 DSP DRACO is Power ! No Loss Stake-to-earn DRACO Staking Program DSP 03 MIR4 NFT The World's first NFT of commercially successful online games. MIR4 NFT 04 HYDRA & DRACO The World's first token of commercially successful online games. HYDRA & DRACO GROWTH There are four different branches which makes up the cycle of life in MIR4. All of them efficiently supporting the growth of your character. The cycle allows for character growth and economic gain simultaneously. Hunting Obtain EXP and valuable crafting materials by defeating monsters Gathering Gathering of herbs and plants will provide materials required to increase Constitution ranks Mining Mine various ore and craft/enhance equipments Meditating Draw the earth's energy to increase Inner Force and Skill ranks HUNTING GATHERING MINING MEDITATING MEDIA Play Video Bicheon Castle Siege v The Legend Rising v A song of Legend v Two Dragons TOP Share Facebook Twitter URL © Wemade Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Google Play You can easily download MIR4 by connecting to Mobile. Close App Store You can easily download MIR4 by connecting to Mobile. Close Galaxy Store You can easily download MIR4 by connecting to Mobile. Close AppGallery You can easily download MIR4 by connecting to Mobile. Close