Mirakl: AI-Powered eCommerce Solutions Retailers Retailers Mirakl Platform The leading marketplace and dropship platform Mirakl Catalog Platform Streamlined supplier catalog onboarding Mirakl Payout The global pay-out solution for marketplaces Mirakl Ads A retail media solution optimized for eCommerce and marketplaces Assortment expansion Expand product selection instantly without inventory investment or risk Optimize operations for dropship Streamline dropship workflows to reduce costs and improve efficiency Optimize operations for marketplace Automate marketplace management to scale operations & boost profitability Distributors Distributors B2B Commerce Unified commerce solutions for manufacturers and distributors Mirakl Catalog Platform Streamlined supplier catalog onboarding Mirakl Payout The global payout solution for distributors Product data ingestion Automate supplier catalog integration with AI-powered data transformation Unified inventory Centralize inventory visibility across all locations and sales channels Assortment expansion Grow product offerings by connecting with new suppliers and manufacturers Manufacturers Manufacturers B2B Commerce Unified commerce solutions for manufacturers and distributors Mirakl Catalog Platform Streamlined supplier catalog onboarding Mirakl Payout The global pay-out solution for manufacturers Unified inventory Centralize inventory visibility across all locations and sales channels After-sales digitization Transform after-sales service with digital parts ordering and support Distributor-fulfilled commerce Enable distributors to sell your products online with unified commerce Brands & Sellers Brands & Sellers Mirakl Connect A powerful network of marketplace sellers and partners Pricing Get started with Mirakl Connect Sponsored Ads by Adspert Boost profits and save time with automatic PPC ad optimization. Mirakl Nexus Mirakl Nexus The new neutral intelligence backbone of agent-led commerce Why Mirakl? Why Mirakl? About us Learn why the world’s top brands choose Mirakl Technology & Security Learn about Mirakl’s intuitive, scalable, flexible and secure technology Careers Scale your career with Mirakl Expertise Learn how Mirakl partners with businesses to drive success Retail Customers Meet the retailers accelerating eCommerce growth with Mirakl Partners Curated partners for your online marketplace B2B Customers Meet the companies establishing B2B eCommerce with Mirakl Resources Resources News & blog Read the latest content on marketplaces, eCommerce and Mirakl Research Read the latest data and insights about the commerce market Let's Talk Let's Talk English Mirakl Nexus: The Agentic Commerce Brain The only neutral infrastructure connecting shoppers and merchants to agentic platforms, enabling autonomous discovery, transactions and post-sales management. Backed by Mirakl’s 13+ years of commerce expertise, AI innovation and curated ecosystem of 100k+ merchants. Meet Mirakl Nexus The Engine Behind eCommerce Growth Leading the AI-powered revolution of eCommerce. Trusted by 450+ leading retailers & B2B companies, and 100,000+ brands worldwide. Let's Talk Adopt the most scalable business model with Mirakl Marketplace and Dropship Platform Expand your third-party assortment effortlessly with Mirakl’s unified marketplace and dropship solutions. Drive growth in your retail or B2B digital channel with more sellers, more products, more revenue, and smarter data. Explore Mirakl Platform Unlock the full potential of retail media with Mirakl Ads Boost revenue and shopper loyalty with high impact personalized onsite advertising. Mirakl Ads leverages AI and real-time analytics to optimize advertising formats and performance - whether monetizing a core brand or long-tail marketplace inventory. Explore Mirakl Ads Drive sales across multiple channels with Mirakl Connect Onboard your catalog, connect with the right marketplaces, and leverage AI tools to advertise, cut costs, save time, and drive growth—all from one powerful platform. Explore Mirakl Connect Streamline supplier catalog onboarding with Mirakl Catalog Platform Simplify and automate supplier catalog integration with ease. Flexible methods adapt to any seller's expertise, while AI ensures accurate, high-quality product data—eliminating manual effort and saving time. Explore Mirakl Catalog Platform Reduce friction and accelerate time to launch with Mirakl Payout Attract top sellers by simplifying onboarding, and paying sellers quickly, efficiently and securely. Accelerate solution integration with easier setup and management of payment workflows with one unified connection, enabling marketplaces to launch faster and help ensure regulatory compliance. Explore Mirakl Payout “Mirakl jumped out to us as the right partner. The technology is very robust, it scales, it’s easy to integrate. Every person we interacted with at Mirakl was very passionate about the marketplace model and making sure that we would be successful.” Thierry Hay-Sabourin SVP eCommerce, Marketplace & Technology, Best Buy Canada Accelerate digital growth with Mirakl’s Advanced Technology Mirakl delivers unmatched scalability and reliability, proven by managing 600M+ SKUs, 250M+ API calls, and 1B+ inventory updates daily. From marketplaces to dropship, catalog management, and advertising, Mirakl’s composable tech stack offers modularity, simplicity and seamless performance to power your digital growth. Learn about Mirakl's technology Tap into Mirakl’s powerful partner ecosystem Mirakl connects you to the largest curated network of top-tier sellers and partners, accelerating your eCommerce growth. Our ecosystem includes leading eCommerce vendors, tech providers, digital agencies, and consultancies—offering the expertise and tools you need to succeed. Learn about Mirakl's ecosystem "Mirakl Connect has introduced us to some really wonderful brands that we have been able to onboard quickly." Sara Rodas third-party merchandising, Madewell The world’s most trusted brands choose Mirakl 450+ companies powered by Mirakl worldwide $11.2B+ transacted on Mirakl-powered marketplaces in 2024 100% uptime during Black Friday week 100K businesses selling on Mirakl-powered marketplaces Latest research, news & blogs Blog Building a high-performance, sustainable retail media program (Part 1) December 22, 2025 Cédric Epiard Retail Media Blog 5 steps to unified commerce orchestration for multi-subsidiary organizations December 12, 2025 Karthikeyan Jawahar B2B eCommerce Blog Seller spotlight: How Goddiva scaled from manual operations to multichannel success with 175% GMV growth December 12, 2025 Vianney Lacroix Seller Spotlight News Mirakl Launches First-Ever Advertising Campaign A Fully AI-Generated Christmas Film That Reimagines The Future of Commerce December 11, 2025 Press release Read More Empowering B2B and B2C organizations to launch and grow an enterprise marketplace at scale. Products Mirakl Platform Mirakl Catalog Platform Mirakl Ads Explore Mirakl Connect Mirakl Payout Customers Retail Customers B2B Customers Ecosystem Partners Sellers Why Mirakl? About Us Technology & Security Expertise Careers Resources News Research Copyright © 2025 – Mirakl SAS. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy General Conditions of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Legal Mentions Mirakl Platform Cookie Preferences