AI Innovation Workspace | Miro Product AI Innovation Workspace AI AI Overview Flows Sidekicks Your AI & Knowledge MCP Product Acceleration About Product Acceleration Product Management Prototypes Insights Roadmaps Engineering Specs Technical Design Planning & Delivery Design & UX Prototypes Journeys Design Workshops Product Leadership & Operations Goals Portfolios Roadmaps Planning & Delivery Business Acceleration About Business Acceleration Leadership Operations Customer Experience Digital Employee Experience Platform Platform Overview AI Intelligent Canvas MCP Diagrams Blueprints Tables Integrations Timelines Enterprise Guard Kanban Security Docs Developer Platform Slides Download Apps TalkTrack Solutions Transform your business Strategic Initiatives AI Transformation Agile Digital Employee Experience Cloud & Software Transformation Industries Software Professional Services Financial Services Manufacturing Retail & CPG Pharma & Life Science Departments Product & Engineering Leadership Product Management Engineering Design & UX Marketing Operations IT Company Type Enterprise Small Businesses Startups Resources Get great done faster Customer Stories Blog Research Hub What's New Templates & Miroverse Support & Learning Academy Help Center Events Webinars User Forum Partners & Services Miro Professional Services Solution Partners Pricing Product Solutions Resources Pricing Contact sales Login Sign up free Go to dashboard Get from brainstorm to breakthrough with Miro Where teams and AI ideate, plan, and build the right things faster Watch video Add a prompt Brainstorm 10 creative ways a team could improve how they collaborate Product Roadmap Create a 9-month product roadmap for rolling out AI-powered search in a SaaS platform. Break down by quarter with key initiatives, owners, dependencies, and KPIs. Include a risk column and a “customer impact” column. Onboarding Flow Create a flowchart for onboarding a first-time e-commerce shopper. Include account creation, profile setup, first product search, cart activity, checkout, and payment confirmation. Strategy Presentation Create a strategy alignment presentation for "Mobile-First Product Strategy". Include current state analysis, strategic direction, implementation roadmap, and next steps with specific owners and timelines. User Interview Draft a 30-minute user interview guide for testing a new roadmapping feature. Cover initial impressions, workflows, reactions to the prototype, unmet needs and closing reflections. Project Tracker Create a project tracker table for launching a new feature include columns for task name, owner, team, phase, key milestones, status, risks / blockers, and next steps. Generate Drew More than 100M users and 250,000 companies are collaborating on the canvas A Letter to Our Teams: The Future Belongs to Us, Together Document Maria Miro AI Andrey Get from brainstorm to breakthrough with Miro Where teams and AI ideate, plan, and build the right things faster Watch video Add a prompt Brainstorm 10 creative ways a team could improve how they collaborate Product Roadmap Create a 9-month product roadmap for rolling out AI-powered search in a SaaS platform. Break down by quarter with key initiatives, owners, dependencies, and KPIs. Include a risk column and a “customer impact” column. Onboarding Flow Create a flowchart for onboarding a first-time e-commerce shopper. Include account creation, profile setup, first product search, cart activity, checkout, and payment confirmation. Strategy Presentation Create a strategy alignment presentation for "Mobile-First Product Strategy". Include current state analysis, strategic direction, implementation roadmap, and next steps with specific owners and timelines. User Interview Draft a 30-minute user interview guide for testing a new roadmapping feature. Cover initial impressions, workflows, reactions to the prototype, unmet needs and closing reflections. Project Tracker Create a project tracker table for launching a new feature include columns for task name, owner, team, phase, key milestones, status, risks / blockers, and next steps. Generate Drew More than 100M users and 250,000 companies are collaborating on the canvas A Letter to Our Teams: The Future Belongs to Us, Together Document Maria Miro AI Andrey Get from brainstorm to breakthrough with Miro Where teams and AI ideate, plan, and build the right things faster Watch video Add a prompt Brainstorm 10 creative ways a team could improve how they collaborate Product Roadmap Create a 9-month product roadmap for rolling out AI-powered search in a SaaS platform. Break down by quarter with key initiatives, owners, dependencies, and KPIs. Include a risk column and a “customer impact” column. Onboarding Flow Create a flowchart for onboarding a first-time e-commerce shopper. Include account creation, profile setup, first product search, cart activity, checkout, and payment confirmation. Strategy Presentation Create a strategy alignment presentation for "Mobile-First Product Strategy". Include current state analysis, strategic direction, implementation roadmap, and next steps with specific owners and timelines. User Interview Draft a 30-minute user interview guide for testing a new roadmapping feature. Cover initial impressions, workflows, reactions to the prototype, unmet needs and closing reflections. Project Tracker Create a project tracker table for launching a new feature include columns for task name, owner, team, phase, key milestones, status, risks / blockers, and next steps. Generate Drew More than 100M users and 250,000 companies are collaborating on the canvas Maria Miro AI Get from brainstorm to breakthrough with Miro Where teams and AI ideate, plan, and build the right things faster Watch video Add a prompt Brainstorm 10 creative ways a team could improve how they collaborate Generate Product Roadmap Create a 9-month product roadmap for rolling out AI-powered search in a SaaS platform. Break down by quarter with key initiatives, owners, dependencies, and KPIs. Include a risk column and a “customer impact” column. Onboarding Flow Create a flowchart for onboarding a first-time e-commerce shopper. Include account creation, profile setup, first product search, cart activity, checkout, and payment confirmation. Strategy Presentation Create a strategy alignment presentation for "Mobile-First Product Strategy". Include current state analysis, strategic direction, implementation roadmap, and next steps with specific owners and timelines. User Interview Draft a 30-minute user interview guide for testing a new roadmapping feature. Cover initial impressions, workflows, reactions to the prototype, unmet needs and closing reflections. Project Tracker Create a project tracker table for launching a new feature include columns for task name, owner, team, phase, key milestones, status, risks / blockers, and next steps. More than 100M users and 250,000 companies are collaborating on the canvas Flow from idea to outcome in seconds INSIGHTS DATA TABLE AR City Explorer Travel App Group Planner Adventure Tracker Weather Alerts Visual Reference DOC Create a PRD Doc Untitled doc Press ‘/’ for options or start writing Choose a starting template Retrospective Summary Product Brief Research Synthesis Meeting Notes Tom Jess PROTOTYPE Drew Miro AI Rad Brie Product Marketer Design Assistant Maria INSIGHTS DATA TABLE AR City Explorer Travel App Group Planner Adventure Tracker Weather Alerts Visual Reference DOC Create a PRD Doc Untitled doc Press ‘/’ for options or start writing Choose a starting template Retrospective Summary Product Brief Research Synthesis Meeting Notes Tom Jess PROTOTYPE Drew Miro AI Rad Brie Product Marketer Design Assistant Maria The only thing more important than moving fast is moving the needle See how over 250,000 companies are getting great done in Miro Aida Miro AI 3.6x faster time to market 50% shorter planning process 2x faster time to market Check this out 100M+ people collaborating on Miro 250+ apps and integrations 6,000+ templates “Being able to bring everyone together to plan in Miro ultimately means that the most impactful initiatives will happen at the right time – and customers will get the functionality they want.” Lucy Starling Product Operations Lead at ASOS Read Customer Study Jess Drew Let’s go with this fit for our summer collection The only thing more important than moving fast is moving the needle See how over 250,000 companies are getting great done in Miro Aida Miro AI 3.6x faster time to market 50% shorter planning process 2x faster time to market Check this out 100M+ people collaborating on Miro 250+ apps and integrations 6,000+ templates “Being able to bring everyone together to plan in Miro ultimately means that the most impactful initiatives will happen at the right time – and customers will get the functionality they want.” Lucy Starling Product Operations Lead at ASOS Read Customer Study Jess Drew Let’s go with this fit for our summer collection The only thing more important than moving fast is moving the needle See how over 250,000 companies are getting great done in Miro Aida 3.6x faster time to market 50% shorter planning process 2x faster time to market Check this out 100M+ people collaborating on Miro 250+ apps and integrations 6,000+ templates “Being able to bring everyone together to plan in Miro ultimately means that the most impactful initiatives will happen at the right time – and customers will get the functionality they want.” Lucy Starling Product Operations Lead at ASOS Read Customer Study Jess Drew Let’s go with this fit for our summer collection The only thing more important than moving fast is moving the needle See how over 250,000 companies are getting great done in Miro 3.6x faster time to market 50% shorter planning process 2x faster time to market 100M+ people collaborating on Miro 250+ apps and integrations 6,000+ templates “Being able to bring everyone together to plan in Miro ultimately means that the most impactful initiatives will happen at the right time – and customers will get the functionality they want.” Lucy Starling Product Operations Lead at ASOS Read Customer Study Jess Drew Let’s go with this fit for our summer collection F l o w f r o m i d e a t o o u t c o m e i n s e c o n d s F l o w f r o m i d e a t o o u t c o m e i n s e c o n d s F l o w f r o m i d e a t o o u t c o m e i n s e c o n d s Experience the Innovation Workspace Slides Check this out AI Accelerate and augment team collaboration and workflows across the organization. Learn more Intelligent Canvas Empower teamwork on one, infinite, multiplayer canvas Learn more Formats Move quickly from ideas to structured plans and work with Docs, Tables, Slides, Diagrams and more Learn more Blueprints Automate key processes and ensure your workflows are scalable, repeatable, and efficient Learn more Enterprise Security & Scale Secure and scalable collaboration on an enterprise-grade platform you can trust Learn more Integrations Connects with 250+ apps so teams stay aligned and productive in one scalable, secure workspace. Learn more Experience the Innovation Workspace Slides Check this out AI Accelerate and augment team collaboration and workflows across the organization. Learn more Intelligent Canvas Empower teamwork on one, infinite, multiplayer canvas Learn more Formats Move quickly from ideas to structured plans and work with Docs, Tables, Slides, Diagrams and more Learn more Blueprints Automate key processes and ensure your workflows are scalable, repeatable, and efficient Learn more Enterprise Security & Scale Secure and scalable collaboration on an enterprise-grade platform you can trust Learn more Integrations Connects with 250+ apps so teams stay aligned and productive in one scalable, secure workspace. Learn more Experience the Innovation Workspace Slides AI Accelerate and augment team collaboration and workflows across the organization. Learn more Intelligent Canvas Empower teamwork on one, infinite, multiplayer canvas Learn more Formats Move quickly from ideas to structured plans and work with Docs, Tables, Slides, Diagrams and more Learn more Blueprints Automate key processes and ensure your workflows are scalable, repeatable, and efficient Learn more Enterprise Security & Scale Secure and scalable collaboration on an enterprise-grade platform you can trust Learn more Integrations Connects with 250+ apps so teams stay aligned and productive in one scalable, secure workspace. Learn more Experience the Innovation Workspace Slides AI Accelerate and augment team collaboration and workflows across the organization. Learn more Intelligent Canvas Empower teamwork on one, infinite, multiplayer canvas Learn more Formats Move quickly from ideas to structured plans and work with Docs, Tables, Slides, Diagrams and more Learn more Blueprints Automate key processes and ensure your workflows are scalable, repeatable, and efficient Learn more Enterprise Security & Scale Secure and scalable collaboration on an enterprise-grade platform you can trust Learn more Integrations Connects with 250+ apps so teams stay aligned and productive in one scalable, secure workspace. Learn more Brie Brie Brie Brie Introducing Miro for Product Acceleration Break free from tool boundaries. Align faster. And ship what customers actually need—in one AI workspace. Explore the solution Introducing Miro for Product Acceleration Break free from tool boundaries. Align faster. And ship what customers actually need—in one AI workspace. Explore the solution Introducing Miro for Product Acceleration Break free from tool boundaries. Align faster. And ship what customers actually need—in one AI workspace. Explore the solution Introducing Miro for Product Acceleration Break free from tool boundaries. Align faster. And ship what customers actually need—in one AI workspace. Explore the solution Need help getting started? Pricing Select a plan Templates Get started fast Solution Partners Explore the network Community Connect with Miro users Blog Dive in to ways of working Academy Get started with Miro Need help getting started? Pricing Select a plan Templates Get started fast Solution Partners Explore the network Community Connect with Miro users Blog Dive in to ways of working Academy Get started with Miro Need help getting started? Pricing Select a plan Templates Get started fast Solution Partners Explore the network Community Connect with Miro users Blog Dive in to ways of working Academy Get started with Miro Need help getting started? Pricing Select a plan Templates Get started fast Solution Partners Explore the network Community Connect with Miro users Blog Dive in to ways of working Academy Get started with Miro Product Online whiteboard Apps & Integrations Templates Miroverse Miro Developer Platform Miro for Devices Enterprise Guard Accessibility Changelog Solutions Meetings and Workshops Brainstorming & Ideation Agile practices Diagramming Research & Design Strategy & Planning Mind Map Concept Map Online Sticky Notes Flowchart Maker Wireframe Resources Miro Academy Help Center Blog Status Miro Community Miro Events Solution Partners Miro Security Company About us Careers 🚀 Miro in the News Customer Stories Plans and Pricing Pricing Business Enterprise Consultants Education Startups NPOs Contact sales → English Miro © 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Home Product Solutions Resources Company Plans and Pricing English Miro © 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Home Product Solutions Resources Company Plans and Pricing English Miro © 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Home Product Solutions Resources Company Plans and Pricing English Miro © 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information