Paragraph Our Story Explore Docs Start writing Our Story Explore Docs Where Ideas Thrive Reach more readers and give them meaningful ways to support you. Sign in Start reading Why Paragraph? Paragraph makes it easy to publish your ideas, grow your audience, and let readers support you in meaningful ways. New ways for readers to support you Let readers support you, signal they were early, and share in your growth. Reach more readers Grow your audience by sharing seamlessly across social & more. Own your audience & writing No more platform-dependent followers - readers can subscribe via email or wallet. Ideas that matter Read the voices driving today's most important conversations. Beyond Blocks and Bits Brandon Donnelly ETH Daily Debbie Soon Hard Mode First The Driftless Coop Records trpplffct AVC Just Another Crowd Dark Markets ENS DAO Newsletter BizarreBeasts ($BB) bits Sandra Rhee World of Wildenfree 🐺🍵🗞️ Falsenine The Arcadia jayhood73.eth William Mougayar's Blog ALANA's ⚡NewsFlash⚡ Author GRF Newsletter This Week in All Things AI Nye's Digital Lab Gökhan Turhan's Newsletter FLAVOR by moyed Kaloh's Newsletter Decentralized Pictures The BIG Comic aaron Harmonica News limone.eth Tales of a lemon. Mixed Realities with TJ Kawamura Devcon newsletter Tso Thoughts Taiko Labs Pioneering Spirit kanfa [by Mac Budkowski] Network Goods Institute GM Farcaster Fer Caggiano miromiro Sara Endestad Some of the Things Tally XMTP Community Paragraph BuildBetter by BFG Brand3 Trust Me Bro Show GALPHA 29 Seconds of Farcaster wisdom of the dao Base Engineering Blog 0xLuo GIDORAH Salon de l’Empress The Three-Legged Stool Thumbs' Update Dear Creative Parallel Citizen WIBTAL The Optimism Collective From crypto to cooking, & everything in between Discover what writers, thinkers, and storytellers are talking about today. Trending on Paragraph The most interesting writing curated by our team. A better place for ideas to grow We're building a new model for writing, one powered by readers directly supporting the writers that inspire them, that they believe in. No paywalls or subscription treadmills. No algorithms deciding your worth. Just readers who can support the writing they love. Sign in Home Read Explore Contact Copyright © 2025 Paragraph Technologies Inc . All rights reserved. Brand Privacy Policy Terms of Use Content Guidelines Sharing is Caring Dec 30 So, What Do You Actually Do? A question I get a lot from friends is some version of: “What do you actually do?” When I try to answer, I usually reach for an imperfect analogy: governance work in crypto is closest to a board of directors — except it’s decentralized, transparent, and governing an open-source, permissionless protocol rather than a single company. That difference matters a lot. In most crypto ecosystems, there are three distinct stakeholder groups that coexist in tension:the Corporation or Labs entity that o... Beyond Blocks and Bits Dec 30 Year in Review 2025: Crypto Enters Adulthood From adolescence to adulthood, 2025 marked the year blockchain crossed from fringe to core financial infrastructure. Seventeen years after Bitcoin's release, the industry has found product-market fit and come of age: stablecoins and tokenization are rewiring legacy finance with institutions bridging liquidity to onchain capital markets. As institutions continue to “tokenize everything” the distinction between onchain and off-chain asset classes are dissolving. The total value of tokenized rea... Continuations Dec 30 Intent-based Collaboration Environments In the Beginning was the Command Line is a famous essay by Neal Stephenson, in which he argues against the Disneyfication of computing represented by Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs). And I do have fond memories of programming using nothing but a text editor (VIM) and the command line. Over the years though Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) became more and more popular. And today most programmers are using something like Visual Studio or more recently Cursor. But IDEs are still code ... ENS DAO Newsletter Dec 30 ENS DAO Newsletter #103 ENS DAO Newsletter #103 — 12/30/2025; A bi-weekly summary of the latest news and developments from ENS Labs, ENS DAO and the ENS community. Brandon Donnelly Dec 30 Why rents crashed in Austin but not Miami One of the big housing stories of this year was that Austin has built a lot of new apartments and it is now causing rents to fall precipitously — by as much as 22%. The market is working. But as we also talk about on this blog, the benefits of new "luxury" housing don't just apply to those who can afford it. Since real estate development happens on the margin — in other words, it's based on the feasibility of the next unit of housing supply, not an average for the market — new market-rate hou... ETH Daily Dec 30 Bitmine Unveils MAVAN Staking Infrastructure A dedicated U.S.-based Ethereum staking solution scheduled to launch in Q1 2026. Dark Markets Dec 30 👁️ 2026 Hopium: Elon Musk’s Downfall Means Hope for the Human Race Welcome to Dark Markets, a weekly roundup of investment frauds n’ scams. I’m David Z. Morris, former reporter for Fortune and CoinDesk, and Phd historian of technology. In today’s edition I indulge in some loosey-goosey bearish predictionizing about crypto, AI, Elon Musk, and the mental environment. I’ve often been accused of being a delusional optimist, and here I indulge that impulse - so if you’re looking for silver linings, I’ve got you. One Last Shill for the Year: If you haven’t bought ... World of Wildenfree 🐺🍵🗞️ Dec 29 WAVY: In Remembrance of Gramps Dec 29th — The birthday of a legend pivotal to my music career, Gramps.  The official 10 Year Anniversary of my debut album, "The WILD" & a remaster of his favorite track. Continuations Dec 29 Philosophy Mondays: From Is to Ought - Toward a Universal Moral Core One common objection to my program for Philosophy Mondays is an appeal to Hume's famous dictum "you can't get to ought from is." I recently read Science and the Good, an entire book dedicated to debunking the idea that science can provide a foundation for morality. The authors appeal to Hume pretty much in every chapter. And yes many claims they push back against are in fact weak attempts to infer a moral "ought" from a biological "is," such as in various studies of brains while making decisi... Falsenine Dec 29 EPL GW18: Winners And Losers The penultimate gameweek of the first half of the season brought remarkably little drama. The top three all won their games against difficult opponents to widen the gap between them and the chasing pack. And the bottom four teams all lost except Burnley, who managed a draw. It seems the first half of the season will conclude by giving us clarity on which teams are in a title race and which teams are in a relegation scrap. Every other team is in the mid-table conversation, given how congested ... jayhood73.eth Dec 29 Pedals to purpose From Pedals to Purpose: Supporting Sheamus at 16 Every parent wants their child to experience the freedom of movement. For my son Sheamus, who is now 16 going on 17, that journey started years ago with a simple exercise bike. For children and teens on the spectrum, coordination isn’t just a physical skill it is a gateway to independence. As we navigate the threshold of adulthood, the lessons we learned on that stationary bike have evolved into the building blocks of his teenage years. The Evo... William Mougayar's Blog Dec 29 Diversity Is Not Dilution “The goal is not to onboard people to Ethereum. The goal is to onboard people to openness and self-sovereignty. We fail if we don't onboard people. But we also fail if we achieve mass adoption of walled gardens with no self-sovereignty left.” https://x.com/VitalikButerin/status/2002094047037382671?s=20 The concern expressed by Vitalik Buterin reflects a principled defense of Ethereum’s original ethos: sovereignty, openness, and permissionless innovation. That ethos remains foundational. Howev... Brandon Donnelly Dec 29 The world has a new biggest city It's not always as straightforward as it may seem to measure the size of a city or urban region. There's the problem of which urban boundary to use. And then once you've landed on that, there's the additional problem of estimating how many people live within it. This can be particularly challenging when it comes to informal settlements, where there isn't reliable population data. The most common approach is to use the continuous built-up area as the urban agglomeration, as opposed to any sort... Sandra Rhee Dec 29 Panic—But From What? She pressed the button on the garage door before her neighboor could see her face, not because she was embarrased, but because she didn't feel safe. From what, she didn't know. Social Graph Ventures Dec 29 Things we’re excited about for consumer crypto in 2026 Subscribe 2025 was a reality check for consumer crypto. After reviewing 400+ early-stage companies and backing a subset of them, one lesson stood out clearly: consumer crypto doesn’t win by being more decentralized. It wins when it’s simpler, distribution-first, and native to how people already behave. We saw what worked, what failed, and where teams got stuck. From over-indexing on ecosystems, to chasing the “current thing,” to building products that felt crypto-native but not consumer-nativ... ALANA's ⚡NewsFlash⚡ Dec 28 RECAP & OUTLOOK 2025/26 When I started The ALANA Project as a personal avatar project a few years ago, I would not have thought that it would turn into a community that outlives many other creative educational projects built on the evolutionary sentiments of Web3.But here we are, almost 4 years later, quietly building in the background and still standing strong. As we close out 2025, we can proudly pat each other on the back for several reasons and in several ways as members of the ALANA community. We have been furt... Author GRF Newsletter Dec 28 Two Creative Failures of 2025 and One Big Win So here we are, hurtling toward 2026 and running out of days to write and post annual updates and status reports. 2025 has been a strange year for me, creativity-wise. By some measures, I can reckon two creative failures and one big win. Early in the year, I had lots of time and two exciting projects in the pipeline. The first was a dreampunk novel that played with the nature of reality. The other was a novel-in-verse retelling of a lesser-known episode from the Trojan War. I felt confident t... Sharing is Caring Dec 30 So, What Do You Actually Do? A question I get a lot from friends is some version of: “What do you actually do?” When I try to answer, I usually reach for an imperfect analogy: governance work in crypto is closest to a board of directors — except it’s decentralized, transparent, and governing an open-source, permissionless protocol rather than a single company. That difference matters a lot. In most crypto ecosystems, there are three distinct stakeholder groups that coexist in tension:the Corporation or Labs entity that o... Beyond Blocks and Bits Dec 30 Year in Review 2025: Crypto Enters Adulthood From adolescence to adulthood, 2025 marked the year blockchain crossed from fringe to core financial infrastructure. Seventeen years after Bitcoin's release, the industry has found product-market fit and come of age: stablecoins and tokenization are rewiring legacy finance with institutions bridging liquidity to onchain capital markets. As institutions continue to “tokenize everything” the distinction between onchain and off-chain asset classes are dissolving. The total value of tokenized rea... Continuations Dec 30 Intent-based Collaboration Environments In the Beginning was the Command Line is a famous essay by Neal Stephenson, in which he argues against the Disneyfication of computing represented by Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs). And I do have fond memories of programming using nothing but a text editor (VIM) and the command line. Over the years though Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) became more and more popular. And today most programmers are using something like Visual Studio or more recently Cursor. But IDEs are still code ... ENS DAO Newsletter Dec 30 ENS DAO Newsletter #103 ENS DAO Newsletter #103 — 12/30/2025; A bi-weekly summary of the latest news and developments from ENS Labs, ENS DAO and the ENS community. Brandon Donnelly Dec 30 Why rents crashed in Austin but not Miami One of the big housing stories of this year was that Austin has built a lot of new apartments and it is now causing rents to fall precipitously — by as much as 22%. The market is working. But as we also talk about on this blog, the benefits of new "luxury" housing don't just apply to those who can afford it. Since real estate development happens on the margin — in other words, it's based on the feasibility of the next unit of housing supply, not an average for the market — new market-rate hou... ETH Daily Dec 30 Bitmine Unveils MAVAN Staking Infrastructure A dedicated U.S.-based Ethereum staking solution scheduled to launch in Q1 2026. Dark Markets Dec 30 👁️ 2026 Hopium: Elon Musk’s Downfall Means Hope for the Human Race Welcome to Dark Markets, a weekly roundup of investment frauds n’ scams. I’m David Z. Morris, former reporter for Fortune and CoinDesk, and Phd historian of technology. In today’s edition I indulge in some loosey-goosey bearish predictionizing about crypto, AI, Elon Musk, and the mental environment. I’ve often been accused of being a delusional optimist, and here I indulge that impulse - so if you’re looking for silver linings, I’ve got you. One Last Shill for the Year: If you haven’t bought ... World of Wildenfree 🐺🍵🗞️ Dec 29 WAVY: In Remembrance of Gramps Dec 29th — The birthday of a legend pivotal to my music career, Gramps.  The official 10 Year Anniversary of my debut album, "The WILD" & a remaster of his favorite track. Continuations Dec 29 Philosophy Mondays: From Is to Ought - Toward a Universal Moral Core One common objection to my program for Philosophy Mondays is an appeal to Hume's famous dictum "you can't get to ought from is." I recently read Science and the Good, an entire book dedicated to debunking the idea that science can provide a foundation for morality. The authors appeal to Hume pretty much in every chapter. And yes many claims they push back against are in fact weak attempts to infer a moral "ought" from a biological "is," such as in various studies of brains while making decisi... Falsenine Dec 29 EPL GW18: Winners And Losers The penultimate gameweek of the first half of the season brought remarkably little drama. The top three all won their games against difficult opponents to widen the gap between them and the chasing pack. And the bottom four teams all lost except Burnley, who managed a draw. It seems the first half of the season will conclude by giving us clarity on which teams are in a title race and which teams are in a relegation scrap. Every other team is in the mid-table conversation, given how congested ... jayhood73.eth Dec 29 Pedals to purpose From Pedals to Purpose: Supporting Sheamus at 16 Every parent wants their child to experience the freedom of movement. For my son Sheamus, who is now 16 going on 17, that journey started years ago with a simple exercise bike. For children and teens on the spectrum, coordination isn’t just a physical skill it is a gateway to independence. As we navigate the threshold of adulthood, the lessons we learned on that stationary bike have evolved into the building blocks of his teenage years. The Evo... William Mougayar's Blog Dec 29 Diversity Is Not Dilution “The goal is not to onboard people to Ethereum. The goal is to onboard people to openness and self-sovereignty. We fail if we don't onboard people. But we also fail if we achieve mass adoption of walled gardens with no self-sovereignty left.” https://x.com/VitalikButerin/status/2002094047037382671?s=20 The concern expressed by Vitalik Buterin reflects a principled defense of Ethereum’s original ethos: sovereignty, openness, and permissionless innovation. That ethos remains foundational. Howev... Brandon Donnelly Dec 29 The world has a new biggest city It's not always as straightforward as it may seem to measure the size of a city or urban region. There's the problem of which urban boundary to use. And then once you've landed on that, there's the additional problem of estimating how many people live within it. This can be particularly challenging when it comes to informal settlements, where there isn't reliable population data. The most common approach is to use the continuous built-up area as the urban agglomeration, as opposed to any sort... Sandra Rhee Dec 29 Panic—But From What? She pressed the button on the garage door before her neighboor could see her face, not because she was embarrased, but because she didn't feel safe. From what, she didn't know. Social Graph Ventures Dec 29 Things we’re excited about for consumer crypto in 2026 Subscribe 2025 was a reality check for consumer crypto. After reviewing 400+ early-stage companies and backing a subset of them, one lesson stood out clearly: consumer crypto doesn’t win by being more decentralized. It wins when it’s simpler, distribution-first, and native to how people already behave. We saw what worked, what failed, and where teams got stuck. From over-indexing on ecosystems, to chasing the “current thing,” to building products that felt crypto-native but not consumer-nativ... ALANA's ⚡NewsFlash⚡ Dec 28 RECAP & OUTLOOK 2025/26 When I started The ALANA Project as a personal avatar project a few years ago, I would not have thought that it would turn into a community that outlives many other creative educational projects built on the evolutionary sentiments of Web3.But here we are, almost 4 years later, quietly building in the background and still standing strong. As we close out 2025, we can proudly pat each other on the back for several reasons and in several ways as members of the ALANA community. We have been furt... Author GRF Newsletter Dec 28 Two Creative Failures of 2025 and One Big Win So here we are, hurtling toward 2026 and running out of days to write and post annual updates and status reports. 2025 has been a strange year for me, creativity-wise. By some measures, I can reckon two creative failures and one big win. Early in the year, I had lots of time and two exciting projects in the pipeline. The first was a dreampunk novel that played with the nature of reality. The other was a novel-in-verse retelling of a lesser-known episode from the Trojan War. I felt confident t... BizarreBeasts ($BB) Dec 30 CLG in Action: Inside the BizarreBeasts Growth Campaign on ProductClank BizarreBeasts ($BB) Dec 30 CLG in Action: Inside the BizarreBeasts Growth Campaign on ProductClank When I needed to mobilize a global voting campaign for the two weeks during the active voting phase for the BizarreBeasts A3 Award application on Decentralized Pictures (DCP), I didn't hire an agency. I didn't run traditional ads. I deployed guerrilla marketing onchain, allocating $198 across two ProductClank ($PRO) Growth Campaigns, and the BIZARRE results speak for themselves."ProductClank helps bootstrapped founders with zero marketing budget to unlock viral growth by transforming users in... When I needed to mobilize a global voting campaign for the two weeks during the active voting phase for the BizarreBeasts A3 Award application on Decentralized Pictures (DCP), I didn't hire an agency. I didn't run traditional ads. I deployed guerrilla marketing onchain, allocating $198 across two ProductClank ($PRO) Growth Campaigns, and the BIZARRE results speak for themselves."ProductClank helps bootstrapped founders with zero marketing budget to unlock viral growth by transforming users in...