Misk.com - Domains, Essentials, Email Domains Essentials Email Support Control Panel Cart - Empty Domain Search Bulk Search Transfer Domains EXTENSIONS .com, .co, .net, .org, .info, .biz Picking the Right Domain Name Already Have a Domain Name? You can transfer an existing domain registration to Misk.com in a few easy steps. $18/year .com, .net, .org $12/year .us, .uk, .eu - more domain pricing - Picking the Right Domain Name Already Have a Domain Name? You can transfer an existing domain registration to Misk.com in a few easy steps. $15/year .com, .net, .org $20/year .ca, .me, .biz - more domain pricing - View Domain Transfer Guide When should I start the transfer? Start as soon as you want. The registration time transfers over with you. How Long Does a Transfer Take? It can take a week or more depending on how quickly you complete all the steps. $15/year .com, .net, .org $20/year .ca, .me, .biz - more domain pricing - No Hidden Fees Includes ICANN and registry fees Ownership Control Easy ownership transfers for most domains Nameserver Pointing Point your domain to any hosting company Trusted by more than 55,000 websites Get started: search for your name above to see if it's available Register with our Domain Essentials package to use our dns, hosting, and email Use us as your neutral registrar while pointing your domain's nameservers to your hosting company Domain Forwarding Redirect visitors to another website, point additional domains to your main Domain Search Privacy We do not use your domain search data for any other purpose ICANN Accredited Registrar We follow strict guidelines to promote competition and keep your registration safe Bulk Management Tools Managing multiple names is time consuming, We provide detailed reports, summaries, and the ability to make many changes at once Domain Expiration Policy Clarity on when your domain is deleted after the expiration date and renewal grace periods Ownership Data Escrow A copy of your domain ownership details (whois records) are stored with the domain registry, securing your ownership "Wow. You people are really awesome. Rarely do we receive this kind of help from on-line companies when we seek it out. Moreover, I can't remember ever having a company volunteer
            help. Bravo! And thanks." JON - NATURE'S BOUNTY - NEW ROCHELLE, NY "Many thanks, you guys at Misk are the best, and I recommend you to everyone when the subject of registering domain names comes up. Thank you again, it renews one's faith,
            to work with a company of true integrity." SHIVANI - ILLUMINEERING - AUSTRALIA "In an age where integrity, reliability and timeliness are hard to find, I must say that your team encompasses all. A sincere thank you and five-star recommendation
            from me goes to Misk." PETER - LAS VEGAS, NV "Misk Support is absolutely remarkable! I am routinely stunned by the degree of regard and involvement that Misk Support has shown on each and every issue from day one ...
            What is stranger still is that each customer service contact high-water mark is exceeded by the next ... This sort of thing rarely if ever happens. HAL - ATLANTIC BEACH, FL Select Extensions ? General .com .co .net .org .info .biz .me Regional .ca .eu .uk, .co.uk, .org.uk .us cancel Search Tips Include extensions while searching for your domain to quickly add them to your search. Example: example.com example.com, .net, .org Pricing See our extension price list The New Misk.com Misk.com has been revamped and is better than ever.
                A lot of effort has been put into usability and speed so you can get things done faster and easier.
                We hope you like the changes. Look for even more soon! Company About Us System Status Domain Tools Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Copyright © 1998-2025 Misk.com, Inc. All rights reserved