Missoulian | Breaking News | | Read Missoula, MT and Montana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 23° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Business Education Crime Nation & World 406 Politics State Wildfires History Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Columnists Cartoon Editorial Letters Submit a Letter Sports High School College Montana Grizzlies Montana State University Professional Lifestyles Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Music Movies & TV Books Comics Games Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Pets Faith Travel People Announcements Hometowns Outdoors Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Advertising info Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Gift Subscriptions Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Wildfires 23° Partly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. The 5 must-read 2025 stories from Lee Montana newspapers' State News Bureau The State News Bureau's 2025 stories repeatedly revealed new information about state government and included voices from Montanans who are impacted by state and federal policy. Transfer tracker: Montana QB Keali'i Ah Yat returning, Grizzlies LB hits portal Frank Gogola "I've decided to not enter my name in the portal. This is too fun lol I'm back!" —Grizzlies QB Keali'i Ah Yat Things to do in Missoula: Missoula on Main for NYE, rock, jazz and classical Cory Walsh Here's a quick guide to some upcoming arts and cultural events happening around Missoula. Libby’s new recovery center flourishing in rural Montana’s addiction service desert Carly Graf Alisha Barrows has reclaimed her own life from addiction and is now helping others in Libby, where poverty and a lack of services add up to a gap in services. Lolo Forest turns to volunteers after deep recreation cuts Sam Wilson After a year of deep cuts at the U.S. Forest Service, the agency is turning to volunteer power to keep campgrounds, toilets and trailheads looking tidy in the Missoula area. 2025 in photos: Missoulian looks back at year in images In 2025, Missoulian photographers Ben Smith and Shanna Madison captured the moments that tell the visual story of the place we call home this year. Bonner development could include travel plaza, hotel, water and sewer system, new housing David Erickson "This project will convert this 107-acre site into a combination of new commercial, residential, industrial, recreational, and open space use." Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You Bonner development could include travel plaza, hotel, water and sewer system, new housing Transfer tracker: Montana QB Keali'i Ah Yat returning, Grizzlies LB hits portal David Hoffmann to become chair of Missoulian owner after $35 million deal The Latest Blaze consumes firewood mill north of Kalispell A fire broke out at the Montana Timberline Firewood Company on Helena Flats Road near Kalispell on Tuesday night. (Video courtesy of Nick Johnson) You want to float Montana's Smith River? Applications open Jan. 1. It's time to get your applications in if you hope to float Montana's iconic Smith River this coming season. The Missoulian's top news for December 31, 2025 These are the Missoulian's top stories for December 31, 2025. Video: 30 miles from the front line; life grows in destruction as Ukraine continues to fight Signs of war are seen throughout Ukraine nearly four years into its war with Russia, but life marches on for communities. Helena to Ukraine: One journalist's journey, in photos Images captured by Independent Record photographer Sonny Tapia during a reporting journey to Ukraine while the war with Russia continues. Helena to Ukraine: 30 miles from front lines, life continues as war with Russia drags on Three years into war, I traveled through Ukraine expecting destruction and found resilience – where grief, routine and humanity coexist, and life continues loudly just miles from the front. Missoula and Western Montana neighbors: Obituaries for December 31 Read through the obituaries published today in Missoulian. December 30 recap: Missoula and Western Montana news you may have missed today Get a recap of Tuesday's local news stories from Missoulian. Editor's Pick Students invited to enter annual MLK contest Missoulian Staff Students are invited to enter the annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. essay and art contest, which is now the Lynn Schwanke Youth Art & Essay Contest. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Blaze consumes firewood mill north of Kalispell The Missoulian's top news for December 31, 2025 Video: 30 miles from the front line; life grows in destruction as Ukraine continues to fight "The Wire" star Isiah Whitlock Jr. has died Sports After learning 'great lessons' early, Montana State Bobcats turn attention to Big Sky play “The fight that we've put up in nonconference, we've proven a lot to ourselves.” - Montana State guard Jed Miller Montana State's 'brotherly bond' has sweetened Bobcats' return to FCS title game “MSU does a great job of recruiting within families and pulling in brothers. ... That helps bring in a bunch of cohesiveness within the whole unit.” - Ex-Bobcat Wilson Brott Grizzlies, Bobcats combine for 12 on Phil Steele FCS All-America, Freshman teams Montana and Montana State each have six players earn FCS All-America or Freshman All-America honors from Phil Steele. Notebook: Montana State 'hopeful' Caden Dowler can go in title game against Illinois State The Big Sky DPOY isn't the only Bobcat who might return from injury. The Bobcats and Redbirds also talked about momentum, the seniors' final game and more. Listen Now Podcasts Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Isiah Whitlock Jr., actor from 'The Wire,' 'Veep' and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 Whitlock played openly corrupt city councilman Clay Davis on 25 episodes across the five seasons of “The Wire.” Ancient meditation practices find new life in modern religious communities across America Christian, Jewish and other religious congregations across America have been incorporating meditation practices — including those from Eastern religions like Buddhism or Hinduism. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Contributor 17 Sagittarius Birthday Gifts They’ll Absolutely Love Contributor content. These 17 gift ideas make celebrating a Sagittarius both personal and effortless. Provided The Financial Reality of Side Hustles: Are Americans Actually Profiting? Provided content.  A 2025 study by Patriot Software reveals that the financial picture behind the side hustle boom is more complex than it appears. Sponsored AARP honors Army doctor Don Skillman Content by AARP. Learn more about Don Skillman, M.D., a military doctor who traveled the world researching bacteria, viruses, parasites and fungi. Sponsored AARP honors Louis Dean Clason Content by AARP. Learn more about Louis Dean Clason, one of the most decorated Army veterans in the state of Montana. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Moss Mansion 914 Division St, Billings, MT 59101 Website Cathedral of St Helena 530 N EWING, HELENA, MT 59601 The Dram Shop 229 E Front St, Missoula, MT 59802 Print Ads Construction Anderson Construction & Concrete - Ad from 2025-12-29 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Missoula.com Auto Finder Newcomers Special Sections Services Contact Us E-Edition Subscribe Work here Dealer Returns Shopping © Copyright 2025 Missoulian , P.O. Box 8029 Missoula, MT 59807-8029 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alert Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe