Skip to main content
Request Info
Apply
Visit
Give
Info For
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Families

ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Online Programs
Continuing Education
Cost and Aid
STUDENT LIFE
RESEARCH
ABOUT MIZZOU
Mission and Values
Facts and Figures
Columbia
Traditions
MU Health Care
MU Extension
ATHLETICS
ALUMNI
ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE SINCE 1839

ACADEMICS

VISIT CAMPUS

COST AND AID

Image
Play Mizzou Anthem Video
We Know You’ve Got What It Takes

Ready to chase your curiosity? At the University of Missouri, we’ve maintained a nearly 200-year reputation for the Missouri Method, our signature approach to hands-on learning through research, internships and other experiential settings. We're not just shaping future leaders here. By bringing together the nation’s best students, world-class faculty and a unique infrastructure for innovation, we're building a brighter future for Missouri and beyond.

 

So, get ready to embrace the unexpected and explore the leader within. We can’t wait to see where Mizzou takes you.

Schedule a visit
Apply to Mizzou
Academics at Mizzou
With more than 300 degree programs, Mizzou is the place to build your future — your way.

Maybe you’ve got a down-to-the-smallest-detail four-year plan. Maybe you’re still exploring your options. At Mizzou, our expert academic advisors are here to guide and support you every step of the way. And with hundreds of majors across 13 schools and colleges, there are endless ways to tailor-make your degree program. 

Undergraduate programs
Graduate programs
Online programs
Continuing education
A Tiger’s-Eye View

You’ll find a lot to love at Mizzou. Working alongside renowned researchers on real-world solutions? Love that. Cheering on the Mizzou Tigers during an SEC rivalry match? Love that, too. Meeting tons of new people during Welcome Week? You see where we're going with this.  

 

But don’t just take our word for it. Hear what some of our current students have to say. 

Play Why Did You Choose Mizzou?

Why did you choose Mizzou?

Play Move in Day Video

Move in day with freshman Sophia Askinosie

Play Alumni Day in the Life

Day in the Life of a Recent Grad

Mizzou Living
Explore your future home.

With housing located all over campus, everything you’re looking for is just steps away. Explore dining options that are anything but boring, get in a workout at our state-of-the-art recreation center and find the fun in our always-packed events calendar.

Student life
Image
Why Mizzou?

Here, a degree is so much more than a diploma. It’s a testament to risks taken and rewards earned. 

Mizzou is a place to rise to the top. Mizzou is a place to translate ideas into life-changing action. Mizzou is a place for you. 

A Mizzoumade® future
Show Me Mizzou
No. 4

Best Value among all flagship universities

Based on U.S. News & World Report data
95.3%

Of Mizzou grads are successful within six months of graduation

77%

Graduation rate

Highest among all Missouri public universities
M-I-Z! Z-O-U!

Imagine yourself in a sea of black and gold with thousands of other Mizzou fans chanting "M-I-Z." The roar at Memorial Stadium reaches a fever pitch as our Tigers score another touchdown. A cannon fires as Marching Mizzou erupts into a rousing rendition of our fight song. What can we say? An SEC game day just hits different.

Mizzou Athletics
Althetics Year in Review
Earn Your Stripes
Become part of a legacy of excellence.

This is your time to push your limits. To turn questions into answers and complexities into solutions. You bring the energy and the ambition. We’ll help you harness it and set you on the path toward a bold, bright future.

Admissions
Apply to Mizzou
Play Earn Your Stripes
Address
City, State, Zip Code
City
Columbia
State
MO
Zip Code
65211
Telephone numbers
General Questions
573-882-7786
Email
Contact
Campus Map
Parking
INFORMATION FOR
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Families
Alumni
RESOURCES
Careers
Emergency Info
MU Health Care
The Mizzou Store
QUICK LINKS
Athletics
Events Calendar
News
Support Mizzou

Mizzou is an equal opportunity employer.

© 2025 — The Curators of the University of Missouri. All Rights Reserved. 
Restrictions on Use of University Marks, Identifiers and Content. DMCA/Copyright Information. Privacy Policy.

Report a problem or submit feedback about this site.