Missouri State University - Missouri State Skip to content Skip to navigation Log in A-Z Search Go a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Missouri State University About MSU Future Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Alumni Family Programs Athletics Public Affairs Mission News Events Research Tuition and Fees Visitor’s Guide Apply Now Freshman Admission Majors and Programs Transfer Graduate International Online Programs Majors and Programs Student Life Guide to Services Registration Financial Aid Residence Life Work at MSU Directory Human Resources Office of the Provost Professional Development Alumni Events Alumni News Transcript Request Make a Gift Family Weekend Important Dates Make a Payment Tickets Schedules Facilities Social Media Bears Fund A montage of various faculty research areas. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Make Your Missouri Statement It's your time to be heard. Visit Campus Apply now Give to Mo State What's new at MSU Igniting opportunity The future is full of opportunity. At Missouri State, it's something we ignite and
                                    create together. View The Strategic Plan: Igniting Opportunity Academics Majors and programs An education at Missouri State prepares you for lifetime success. Whether you need
                                    a major, graduate degree or certificate, our programs are built to meet your needs. Find your degree program Experience campus Take a tour - in person or virtual You can explore campus from anywhere. Set a time to visit in person, explore campus
                              yourself on a virtual tour or join others on a Zoom info session. Discover the places
                              where you’ll live, learn and hang out. Careers Explore career outcomes Ready to take your place in a bigger world, and be a part of a bigger conversation?
                              With a degree from Missouri State, you will. What sets us apart Undergraduate 95+ Undergraduate majors with over 175 options. Find a Major Undergraduate 120+ Minors plus 110+ undergraduate certificates. Find a Minor Graduate 70+ Graduate programs View the Graduate College Campus Life 375+ Student organizations to get connected on campus. Explore Campus Life Enrollment 25,238 Students enrolled at the Springfield campus. Become a Bear CAREER OUTCOMES 92% Graduates reporting employment or continuing education after graduation Ensure your success Access Help for your academic journey Your access to Missouri State is better than ever. Apply for free. Get free dual credit.
                                 Take online classes. Find out how easy it is to become a Bear. Request information Explore scholarships and financial aid Find out what's available to you. Apply for free Undergraduates can apply for free on our website or the Common App. Earn dual credit Qualified students can earn free college credit while in high school. Discover Bear POWER Check out the program that makes college possible for all. Meet a Citizen Bear Her story continues Alana Rowan’s childhood was filled with the magic of stories. Now, she's ready for
                                          her next chapter in literature. Read Alana's story 1 out of 3 Meet a Citizen Bear Solving the numbers game Math is like a puzzle, says Joseeduardo Granados Rodriguez. You just have to recognize
                                          the patterns to make the connection. Read Joseeduardo's story 2 out of 3 Meet a Citizen Bear On the rise Carly Hendrickson is building her career in a male-dominated field. As a project engineer,
                                          she's used her experiences at Missouri State to set a strong foundation for herself. Read Carly's story 3 out of 3 What’s new at Missouri State Discover the latest stories, upcoming events and other things going on in our community.
                              From alumni across the world to students right here in Springfield, stay in the know
                              about everything Missouri State. Follow along Expanding research for greater impact Three faculty in the McQueary College of Health and Human Services (MCHHS) have received
                                          a professorship distinction that will support their research and make real-world impacts
                                          in science and their communities. Advisement tips every student should know Her research uncovers the impacts of faith on early American mothers Need financial planning advice? Get started now! Streamline your path to a PharmD degree Find out what's coming up and how you can get involved. Access the full calendar December 22 Winter Break through Jan. 2 (No Classes/Offices Closed) Review the winter intersession calendar January 12 Spring semester begins Review the spring academic calendar February 3 Faculty and Staff Free Portrait Day Look your best Virutal tour Missouri State University Missouri State University 901 S. National Ave. Springfield, MO 65897 Info@MissouriState.edu 417-836-5000 Take a Virtual Tour Campuses Missouri State University Missouri State University-West Plains Missouri State University-China Programs #GoMaroon Accessibility Disclaimer Disclosures Equal Opportunity Employer and Institution © 2025 Board of Governors, Missouri State University Contact Information Healthcare MRFs ©