Blog
Support
FAQs
For Publishers
Start earning today
Play free games. Earn rewards, fast.

Join over 10 million users who cash out gift cards for their game time. Explore new games and start earning today.

Mistplay available on
4.5
·
945k+ Ratings
Play now
Cash out rewards you’ll love

Earn gift cards on the go, just for playing on your phone. Your favorites are all in one app.

$
2
2
0
,
5
4
2
,
9
7
5
7

Reward value redeemed by Mistplay users to date

Total prize figures displayed are calculated using historical data from 2025 and are intended for promotional purposes only.

WIN
Win big with weekly sweepstakes
They played, they earned, they won. Meet the Mistplayers who took home our sweepstakes prizes, and see what could be waiting for you in the Mistplay app.
View sweepstakes
Don’t just take our word for it. Read the rave reviews.
It's fun! The games they have to choose from are games I would most likely play even without the rewards. But, being rewarded for spending my spare time doing the things I would be doing anyways is pretty awesome.
Nicolas
I enjoy Mistplay because the site/app is legit. I've cashed in my units on several occasions and have received exactly what I shopped for. There hasn't been any issues with the receipt of my purchase. It has been on time and accurate every time.
Priscilla
Best Cash for Gaming. Period. I tried some of the other "money-back" gaming sites. They had no recognizable games, and every game they did have had as much time spent watching ads as it did playing.
Mischa
Legit and super fun! Win really great gift card options like Visa, Amazon, Walmart, etc. by earning units just playing games. Has a lot of pretty cool options for games. Also, the app is always improving and adding new games.
Lisa
Great way to make money for playing games on your phone, which everyone does already. Fast, easy instructions, quick return if done right, and if you have issues they are quick with responses and or fixes. A must download!!!
Michael
I love that it introduces me to new games I wouldn't have discovered otherwise, and the reward system is clear and fair. The app runs smoothly, and the process of redeeming rewards is quick and trustworthy.
koorosh
I've been using this app for a few years and honestly, it's my go-to app to make some extra money. It's very easy to navigate. The games are fun and there is a wide variety. I periodically try other apps but always come back to Mistplay!
Heidi
Great game, easy ways to earn points and it's fun to play. I use my points for Google play money and it's totally free, fun and I occasionally find some new games I keep. Great app
Jonathan
Mistplay is a reliable app that actually pays! Cashing out is super easy, and the process is fast. The tournaments are a fun way to earn extra units and keep things exciting.
Geoffrey
I think I can confidently say that this is the best app for this genre of earning. there are many games to choose from, and they're actually fun.
Debby
I love this app. I have used it daily since downloading. The more time you play the quicker you get paid. Getting my first Amazon card was easy too. There are plenty of games to try and I have been having fun trying them.
Angela
I've tried a few different "earn while you play" apps now, and I've stuck with Mistplay consistently for years.
Chelsea
I have been using this app for about 5 years. I LOVE IT!!! Now I have tried other apps but they don't compare.
Anna
I love getting to earn prizes for games I would be playing anyway. I have gotten Amazon gift cards, prepaid Visa, and PayPal. How quickly you earn depends on how much you play.
Beth
I’ve been using Mistplay for years and it’s always been a great experience. I've cashed out multiple gift cards without any issues, and the process is smooth and reliable.
Cassy
Join the fun
Play your go-to games and find your next favorite

Stop scrolling, start earning. Play for free on your break, couch, or commute. Mistplay meets you where you are.

Turn your game time into gift cards

Stop playing without rewards. From Amazon and Walmart to PayPal and Visa, choose from top-brand gift cards, exclusive bundles, and sweepstakes prizes you’ll love. Gift Cards vary by region.

How it works
FAQs
Learn more about earning rewards through Mistplay.
Is Mistplay really free?

Yes, Mistplay is completely free to download and use. Simply earn rewards by playing free games on your phone without any upfront costs or hidden fees.

How do I earn points?

Earn points by playing free games through the Mistplay app. The more you play, the more you earn. Stack your points with each minute of gameplay, then redeem them for your favorite rewards in the Shop.

What rewards can I redeem?

Choose from a variety of popular gift cards to top brands like Amazon, Google Play, Walmart, and Visa. You can also participate in larger sweepstakes for your chance to win major cash prizes, exclusive bundles, and more. Gift Cards vary by region.

How fast can I cash out?

Once you reach the minimum amount of points required for a gift card in the Shop, you can instantly redeem them for your chosen reward – and enjoy it in just 48 hours.

Is my data safe?

Yes, your data is safe in Mistplay. We implement industry-standard security measures, including encrypted data transmission, protected server infrastructure, and strict access controls, designed to protect your personal information. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy.

Still not sure where to start?
Contact our Support Team or read More FAQs
How to make the most of Mistplay

Explore expert tips, insider tricks, and all the latest ways to earn on the Mistplay blog.

View all
December 19, 2025
Best Word Games For IPhone: 8 Relaxing, Brain-Boosting Games To Try
Explore The Best Word Games For IPhone From Daily Crossword Puzzles To Intriguing Code Breaker Apps. Find Fun, Relaxing Titles You Can Play.
December 19, 2025
Best Ways To Earn Rewards And Make Money From Your Phone
Want To Make Money From Your Phone? Discover Apps That Earn Rewards On The Go, And Learn How Mistplay Turns Playtime Into Gift Cards Fast!
December 19, 2025
Best Gaming Rewards Apps: Safe, Fun Ways To Earn Gift Cards While You Play
Explore Top Gaming Rewards Apps That Make Playtime More Rewarding. See How Mistplay Lets You Earn Gift Cards Just By Playing Games You Love.
December 19, 2025
Top 16 Free Game Apps For Android You Need To Download
Here Are The Best Free Game Apps For Android! Find Exciting RPGs, Puzzles, And Action Games, Then Learn How To Earn Rewards While Playing.
December 19, 2025
Games Like Love & Pies: 5 Top Merge Games To Play
Discover Cozy, Story-Rich Merge Games Like Love & Pies, Explore What Makes Them Engaging, And Find Your Next Favorite Title On Mistplay.
December 19, 2025
The Best Farming Games To Kick Back & Relax
Find Your Next Favorite Farming Game On Mistplay. We Rank The Best On PC, Switch, And Mobile—From Cozy, Relaxing Play To Full-On Adventure.
December 15, 2025
Loyalty Gamification: Turn Play Into Rewards
Discover How Loyalty Gamification Turns Everyday Actions Into Real Rewards. Learn How Mistplay Makes Earning Gift Cards Fun And Engaging.
December 15, 2025
Side Hustles For Money: 7 Flexible Ways To Earn Rewards
Learn How To Earn And Supplement Your Income. From Freelancing To Rewards Programs, Explore The Best Side Hustles For Money And Gift Cards.
December 10, 2025
How To Earn Money Gaming: Play And Win Rewards With Mistplay
Wondering How To Earn Money Gaming But Don’t Have Time To Go Pro? Find Out How To Turn Playtime Into Gift Cards By Using Top Gaming Rewards.
Download the app
For Gamers
Blog
Support
FAQs
Support
For Publishers
Careers
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Privacy Center
© 2025 Mistplay