Handy tools for Adobe After Effects & Premiere Pro  Mister Horse Toggle navigation Products Products for After Effects Products for Premiere Pro Pricing Tutorials Tutorials for After Effects Tutorials for Premiere Pro Help What's New Log in Try for free 4 hours of work done in 2 minutes High-quality presets, templates and tools to help you create stunning
            animated videos with ease. Get started for free Trusted by 900 000+ professionals New Major update: Animation Composer 4 New Keyframe Action tool, redesigned Wingman, faster previews, new free items, and better editing. Read release notes New Overlays Captured the old-school way. Real film, light leaks, film burns and more. Learn More Top picks for After Effects What motion designer's use the most. New Update Animation Composer A free plug-in for Adobe After Effects used by more than 900,000 motion designers. Learn more & Download Most Loved Animation Presets 4 hours of work done in 3 minutes. Literally an absolute must have. 4.93 stars (1434 ratings) Motion Presets Animate any layer like a boss. Learn More Text Presets The magic wand for text animation. Learn More What people say “Saves literally HOURS of time” “Saved me an immeasurable amount of time and headache” “Made my editing life SO much faster and quicker” “The light at the end of the tunnel” “Literally an absolute must have” 4.93 stars (1434 ratings) Filmmaker’s Transitions Create immersive cinematography. Learn More Essential Typography The last pack of titles you'll ever need. Learn More Animated Fonts Too good. Too nice. Too easy. Learn More New 3D Titles Sleek looking text with another dimension Learn More Browse all products for After Effects Top picks for Premiere Pro What editors use the most. Premiere Composer A free plug-in for Adobe Premiere Pro used by more than 400,000 editors. Learn more & Download Best Product Text Presets for Premiere Pro The purchase you will never regret. Learn More Transitions for Premiere Pro With the best editing experience. Learn More 2D Special Effects The special spice for motion picture. Learn More Shape Elements Flexible. Multi-purpose. Learn More Browse all products for Premiere Pro Join our Discord server Live discussion with other Mister Horse users. A place to share your
                feedback, work or anything else. Join Mister Horse's Discord More coming soon! Features, products, updates. Subscribe if you don’t want to
          miss out. No spam, we promise! Newsletter Get occasional emails about tips, new products, updates or offers. No spam, we promise! By subscribing you agree to your email being stored and used to receive the emails in accordance to our Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Explore Products for After Effects Products for Premiere Pro Testimonials About us Resources Tutorials for After Effects Tutorials for Premiere Pro Help Newsletter Terms of Use Privacy Policy & Cookies Returns & Refunds General Terms and Conditions Cookies Settings Connect Discord YouTube Twitter Facebook Instagram By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to improve site navigation, analyze it’s usage, and help our marketing efforts. Privacy Policy . Accept All Cookies Cookies Settings Cookies Settings When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Some of the cookies that are required for our service to work and cannot be disabled. You can read more in our Privacy Policy . Analytics cookies These help us improve our products. Marketing cookies These help with spreading the word about our products. Save Settings