Skip to content ↓
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Education
Research
Innovation
Admissions + Aid
Campus Life
News
Alumni
About MIT
Lifelong Learning
Give
Search
Explore websites, people, and locations
What are you looking for?
Top resources for
prospective studentscurrent studentsfaculty & staffalumniparents & familiesall resources
MIT's response to government activity
Updates from campus

In 2025, MIT researchers created batteries made from concrete, a device that harvests drinking water from the air, and a bionic knee that restores natural movement. Stay tuned for more discoveries in 2026!

Dec 29, 2025 Full story Share: 
Twitter
 
Facebook
 Explore more spotlights
Research and Education that Matter
Remembering Nuno Loureiro

Nuno Loureiro, a professor of nuclear science and engineering and of physics, has died at 47. “In the face of this shocking loss, our hearts go out to his wife and their family and to his many devoted students, friends and colleagues,” President Kornbluth said.

MIT statement on Nuno Loureiro

“We are grateful to all who played a part in identifying and tracking down the suspect in the killing of Prof. Loureiro. Our community continues to mourn and remember Nuno — an incredible scientist, colleague, mentor, and friend.”

Vinelike robotics

Inspired by vines’ twisty tenacity, engineers have developed a robotic gripper that can snake around and lift objects. The robot can safely and stably lift a variety of heavy and fragile items; a larger version can safely lift a human out of bed.

Easier antibody therapy

A new way to deliver therapeutic antibodies could be much easier on patients, replacing time-consuming transfusions at the hospital. Chemical engineers packaged high concentrations of antibodies into microparticles that can be injected with a standard syringe.

A world without MIT

In a world without MIT, radar wouldn’t have been available to help win World War II. We might not have email, CT scans, time-release drugs, photolithography, or GPS. And we’d lose over 30,000 companies, employing millions of people. Can you imagine?

Contributions to the nation

​Since its founding, MIT has been key to helping American science and innovation lead the world. Discoveries that begin here generate jobs and power the economy — and what we create today builds a better tomorrow for all of us.

Want more about MIT?

Explore more spotlights, or subscribe to receive daily or weekly doses of MIT in your inbox.

Subscribe

Massachusetts Institute of Technology

77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA, USA
Visit
Map
Events
People
Jobs
Contact
Privacy
Accessibility
Social Media Hub 
MIT@twitter
 
MIT@facebook
 
MIT@youtube
 
MIT@instagram