Mixlr - Broadcast Live Audio Mixlr Solutions Broadcast Without the Tech Hassle Create Professional-Quality Audio Events Engage Your Audience in Real Time Grow Your Brand One Platform for Everything Audio Reach a Global Audience Use cases Sports Live Events Faith & Worship Podcasting Education Customers Listen Pricing Login Get started Effortless live audio. Save time, reach more fans and deliver professional quality sound on any platform. No engineers, no complicated software, just live audio made simple. With Mixlr you can broadcast in seconds, stream to your audience anywhere and sound professional every time. Start streaming now Available on Windows Android MacOS iOS We love Mixlr, it's great! Reliable with excellent audio quality So easy to use! Very professional customer care The Mixlr stream was crisp and clean Can we use Mixlr every week? Big fan of Mixlr! Great audio broadcasting platform You're in good company... Read our case studies DEFQON.1 Music Festival How DEFQON.1 Delivered Its Full Multi-Stage Experience to a Global Audience with Mixlr Read more › New York City Football Club How NYCFC's commentary team reached a global fanbase and streamlined their workflow with Mixlr. Read more › Real Talk with Ryan Jespersen Mixlr and the Tech Behind Real Talk: A Canadian Success Story in Independent Media Read more › The Bison at Lipscomb University How the Bison expanded their reach and engaged more fans with Mixlr. Read more › The Infamous Stringdusters How The Infamous Stringdusters Expanded Their Audience and Simplified Touring Audio Streaming with Mixlr. Read more › Yeovil Town Football Club How Yeovil Town FC's broadcast team reached more fans and simplified matchday commentary with Mixlr. Read more › Other streaming platforms prioritize video and ignore audio, leading to clunky workflows and poor listener experiences. You're fighting with tools that weren't built for live audio, costing you time, money, and listeners. Broadcast effortlessly with Mixlr. The platform built for audio. Start streaming now Mixlr is the fastest, most reliable way to broadcast professional live audio. The complete solution - go live from anywhere in seconds, sound professional, and deliver a superior listening experience. Create Create your channel in seconds and go live — no technical set up needed. Distribute Send listeners to your branded event page, or embed your stream on your website, app, or socials. Host Record and share every broadcast , all in one place. View all features What value can we expect from this solution? From set up to stream, Mixlr saves you time and effort—so you can focus on your content, not your tech. How simple is it to get started? Go live in seconds from your desktop or mobile app. Is it compatible with our current systems and tools? Mixlr works with any audio setup and fits seamlessly into your website, app, or socials. What is your business model? We make money from our paid plans, not ads — so you stay in control of the listener experience. The trusted platform powering audio worldwide 1.7b+ Listeners engaged 190 Countries reached 22m+ Live events Start streaming today and reach your audience in seconds. Go live with your audio instantly Share your audio stream to your fans Access your own branded audio channel Create your channel and broadcast your first live event today. Start streaming now Mixlr Beginner plan is completely free and no credit card is required. Mixlr Facebook X X Pricing Blog Support Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Mixlr Ltd 2025 - All rights reserved By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies Ok