Mixvoip - More ways to connect | Cloud PBX | Internet | IT Cloud PBX Smart Telephony Dive into Voxbi's capabilities Features Communication tools designed for meaningful talks Pricing Find the perfect fit for your budget Hardware Reliable devices for optimal use Microsoft Teams Smooth Integration with Microsoft 365 Integrations Connect to your favorite tools Odoo Microsoft calendar TAPI CTI Internet Why Mixvoip Coverage, quality and uptime Luxembourg Belgium Germany France Mobile connectivity Mobile, 5G, Satellite Internet add-ons Enhance your internet experience DDOS protection Shield your network from cyber attacks SD-WAN and intersite Interconnect your different sites Firewalls Protect your local network and data Mobile Mixvoip mobile Overview of our mobile solutions Luxembourg Belgium France MDM - Mobile Device Management Control and secure company mobile devices Data and IoT plans SIM cards for tablets and IoT across Europe Use cases Small and medium businesses Services, Agencies, Trades Communes Municipalities, Public administrations Healthcare Hospitals, Clinics, Retirement homes Local businesses Stores, Boutiques, Outlets -> Discover more industries Support Contact us Business internet, telephony and IT Welcome to Mixvoip, your expert in telephony and communication services. We offer a robust portfolio of solutions including internet, mobile, and IT services for businesses of any size. Discover the ease and efficiency of integrating Mixvoip’s cutting-edge communication technologies into your business operations. From telephony to cyber protection, we're dedicated to supporting your company's connectivity needs. How can we help you? Internet Reliable connectivity Customizable plans Advanced security Internet solutions → Telephony Call routing Feature-rich PBX Advanced analytics Cloud PBX→ Mobile SIM and eSIM Travel solutions WiFi calling Mobile solutions→ Business IT Managed IT services Hardware provisioning Cybersecurity services IT services → With a rating of 4.64 out of 5 in June 2024, Mixvoip's customers have expressed high satisfaction with our services. This rating reflects the average feedback for each team, including sales, customer success, customer care, and technicians. To contact each of these teams, visit our support page . A project? Get a call back from our experts! Our key statistics and insights 16 years of expertise 80 experts ready to reply to your needs 4800 clients in 26 countries 30% of Luxembourg municipalities trust Mixvoip 45% of Luxembourg nursing homes trust Mixvoip 3087 active internet lines operated by Mixvoip They trust us Your industry, our telecom expertise Industries Remote Remote workforce, home office and virtual teams Boost remote work efficiency with Microsoft Teams integration, softphone solutions, and secure VPN services for secure communication and productivity. Small and medium businesses Small and medium businesses Enhance your SME's operations with reliable cloud PBX, high-speed internet, and IT solutions. Communes Municipalities and public administration Discover communication solutions for municipalities with robust security, scalable infrastructure, and local support to improve public administration efficiency. Retail Retail, stores, boutiques and outlets Discover essential communication solutions for retail with high-speed internet, cloud phone systems, and flexible contracts to optimize your operations. Healthcare Hospitals, clinics, retirement homes Explore Mixvoip's communication solutions for the healthcare industry. Enhance patient care and streamline operations with reliable VoIP, cloud telephony, and IT services designed for medical professionals. Securing your business DDOS Deflector Safeguard your network from Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks with our robust DDoS protection solutions. Discover more→ Firewalls Featuring deep packet inspection, our firewalls defend against cyber threats and ensure secure and reliable network operations. Discover more→ DNS Shield DNS Shield proactively redirects queries to potentially harmful sites, safeguarding your network by blocking access to known threats and inappropriate content. Discover more→ Intersite and SD-WAN Our intersite solutions ensure efficient and secure communication between sites using MPLS, encrypted VPNs, and SD-WAN. Discover more→ Who can you contact? “My commitment is to ensure that every aspect of your experience with us is smooth and efficient. I'm here to make sure your needs are met with the highest level of care and professionalism.” Mathieu, your direct contact for all customer inquiries Book a meeting “My focus is on making sure you get the most out of our telephony, internet, and business IT solutions. I’m here to understand your unique needs, cut through the noise, and find the right fit for your business.” Isaline, your point of contact for new projects Book a meeting “Your peace of mind is my priority. I’m committed to ensuring that the connections you depend on are always reliable and hassle-free.” Marcin, your contact for your security concerns Book a meeting Want to connect with us? We would love to hear from you! Whether you are interested in our products or services, our sales team is here to assist you with any inquiries and provide detailed information. If you are already a customer, our dedicated customer success team is ready to help you make the most out of your projects. Additionally, if you have a specific concern or question, you can choose directly which team you would need to discuss with to get the most accurate and helpful response. Trusted by over 4575 companies “ Throughout the challenges we faced, we remained confident because we had Mixvoip by our side. Our relation goes back to 2013, and over time it got stronger and stronger. Mixvoip has offered us a centralized solution to optimize our infrastructure . ” Elvis Dautovic, Ernster Discover the story → Newsletter If you're interested in staying up-to-date with the latest news and updates, we highly recommend that you sign up for our newsletters. Subscribe now! Our latest news and stories Gallery view EU mobile SIM with your company’s fixed number Nov 6, 2025 Mobile Mixvoip becomes Luxembourg’s #2 fixed-line telephony operator Aug 27, 2025 Luxembourg Telephony Luxembourg’s national volleyball league will carry a new name: The Mixvoip League Jul 3, 2025 Luxembourg Choosing european networking hardware: Transparency, trust, and technical fit Jun 17, 2025 Internet Ensuring accurate address data with ANL May 22, 2025 Luxembourg Compliance Broadcast announcements on your PBX May 7, 2025 Cloud PBX Integration Mixvoip partners with LuxProvide to elevate AI-powered customer intelligence Apr 15, 2025 Luxembourg AI Optimizing Ceph storage with advanced networking solutions Mar 28, 2025 Networking Expert voice Modern, flexible, and reliable: Mixvoip transforms telephony at Municipality of Quaregnon Feb 6, 2025 Cloud PBX Data Sitemap LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok Email Internet, IT, Cloud PBX, SIP trunk and mobile services in Luxembourg, Belgium, France, and Germany Telephony SIP Trunk Call rates Phone numbers Mobile Luxembourg Mobile plans Belgium Mobile plans France Mobile plans IoT and data Mobile plans Mobile Device Management Network and IT Co-managed LAN IT services Cybersecurity IPTV Cloud PBX Voxbi Cloud PBX Features Microsoft Teams Integrations Tempus Pricing Downloads Roadmap Hardware Desk phones Headsets Wireless phones Conference systems Switches and Wi-Fi Routers & Firewalls Doorbells & Intercoms All products Connectivity Internet in Luxembourg Internet in Belgium Internet in France Internet in Germany Internet add-ons Mobile connectivity Service Level Agreements Insights 3CX Innovaphone Wildix Emios Yeastar RingCentral All Insights Mixvoip Contact us About us Events Career Support Maintenance updates Newsletter Resources Blog Certification levels Partner program Our accreditations FAQs Impressum Legal GDPR Cookies Copyright © 2025 Mixvoip - Feel free to borrow, share, or adapt. | All prices listed are exclusive of VAT. Schedule a meeting | Client area EN | FR | DE | NL