Mailjet: Best Email Marketing Software & Email API for Teams Search Support Documentation English English Français Deutsch Español Pricing Platform Back to main menu For Marketers Email Editor Email Automation AI Email Generator Segmentation A/B Testing Statistics Landing Pages Email Previews Form Builder All Marketing Features For Developers Email API Parse API SMTP Relay Mailjet Embedded Email Validations Dedicated IP Documentation For Teams Real-Time Collaboration Roles & Permissions Integrations WordPress Sinch Engage WooCommerce HubSpot Shopify Google Cloud All Integrations Solutions Back to main menu Use Cases Email Campaigns Transactional Notifications Newsletter Engagement Newsletter Templates Industries Small Business Agencies Enterprises Franchises Real Estate Teams AI tools to write and design better campaigns Read more Resources Back to main menu Learn Email Template Demo Email Academy Blog Guides & Ebooks GDPR Webinars & Videos Email Growth Playbook Build Documentation Email API Guide MJML API Status Email Template Generator Tool Choose Mailjet About Us Case Studies Feature Releases Data Security & Compliance Premium Support Email marketing trends to watch for in 2026 Read more Support Documentation English Back to main menu English Français Deutsch Español Log in Get Started Contact Sales Log in Contact Sales Get Started Email Marketing Software & Email API The best email marketing software that’s built for devs and loved by marketers With reliable deliverability, built in GDPR compliance, and drag-and drop email templates, teams design, deliver, and automate marketing & transactional emails. Together. Get Started Contact Sales Join 100,000+ customers around the world who trust Mailjet DHL American Express Microsoft NHL Wikipedia Universal Music Group Siemens Urban Outfitters University of Texas at Austin Red Hat DHL American Express Microsoft NHL Wikipedia Universal Music Group Siemens Urban Outfitters University of Texas at Austin Red Hat Design The Way You Want Easy-to-use email editor for any skill set Design responsive emails, forms, and landing pages in minutes with Mailjet. Choose your starting point – a blank canvas, a variety of pre-designed templates, or innovate your email with AI. Simple enough for beginners but advanced enough for the pros on your team! Add your brand content, design values, images, links, and videos with Mailjet’s flexible drag-and-drop Email Editor. Feel confident to hit send– Mailjet templates are optimized across all email clients and screens. Start Designing Learn More Build Emails Together Streamline your email needs and collaborate Reduce time spent on email campaign creation, execution, and management through a seamless consistent experience that will have you sending out emails faster. Create emails with your team directly in Mailjet’s Email Editor with robust collaboration tools. Start with one user and add/collaborate with your team as needed. Set your permissions and lock specific actions on your templates so your brand assets are protected. Start Collaborating Learn More Design Like A Pro Templates that make you stand out Get started with one of Mailjet’s professionally designed email templates. Take-advantage of our template library filled with thousands of already built emails and forms. Easily adapt your templates to reflect your brand’s identity in a single click with Brand Kit. Start Designing Learn More Personalized And Targeted Emails Professional marketing features for your most effective communications Personalization Drive personalized and targeted communications. Use Dynamic Sections to send a single campaign that displays different messages depending on who opens it. Segmentation Group subscribers with similar interests and behaviors to send customized and personalized messages. Collect deeper insights with each send. Automation Engage your audience at the right moment with the right message – from onboarding to re-engagement, with Mailjet’s drag-and-drop automation builder. Automate key touchpoints, save time, and optimize campaigns in real time – no technical skills required. A/B Testing Send your most effective emails by running tests on things like sender name, subject line, or visual content. Test up to 10 versions and see what lands best. Contact Management Manage your email lists seamlessly, modify individual contact properties for personalized campaigns, and easily create subscription widgets for GDPR compliance. Email validations Increase open rates, avoid the spam folder, and in turn, increase revenue by ensuring that email addresses on your list are real and valid before pressing send. The trusted platform for email delivery 100+ 5 star reviews 100+ 5 star reviews 100+ 5 star reviews 250+ 5 star reviews 250+ 5 star reviews 250+ 5 star reviews 2000+ 5 star reviews 2000+ 5 star reviews 2000+ 5 star reviews Get In Their Inbox Expert approved deliverability tools Beautiful emails only mean something if your customers actually get them. Manage your sending reputation and avoid the spam folder with Mailjet’s deliverability features. Integrate with our API in minutes and start sending. Use email validations to feel confident that you’re sending emails to real recipients. Preview your messages with our Email Preview tool, to make sure your emails will appear perfectly in their inbox. Start Sending Learn More Actionable Insights Precise deliverability and engagement stats in real-time Track, monitor, and analyze your email deliverability performance and customer engagement in real time. Filter out non-human interactions from your analytics to get a more accurate overview and make better, more strategic decisions. Make data-driven decisions about your email campaign strategy with Mailjet’s Statistics Dashboard. Use Mailjet’s Click Maps feature and our Campaign Comparison tool to gain a deeper understanding about your customers. Start Tracking Learn More Seamless Connectivity Third-party Integrations made easy Instantly connect with the rest of your tech stack. Choose from a curated and extensive list of third-party integrations that work  seamlessly with Mailjet. From CRM and CMS to marketing and ecommerce platforms, you can fully customize your email program to fit your brand’s unique needs. Get Started See All Integrations Boost your email performance with generative AI Email Template Generator and Mailjet Assistant are powerful tools designed to enhance our customers’ email marketing. You can automatically generate pre-branded templates and tailor subject lines and copy to boost open rates, click-through rates, and overall campaign effectiveness. All while saving valuable time and resources for marketing teams. 1. Seamless integration Access the Email Template Generator through the Marketing Template Gallery and Campaign Workflow – simply provide campaign details, and AI will craft a professional email in seconds. For fine-tuned messaging, use Mailjet Assistant effortlessly via a button on the fly-out panel within the Email Editor. Create compelling emails with ease, all in one place! 2. Multilingual support The AI Template Generator and Mailjet Assistant support output in 21 languages, ensuring that your campaigns can connect with a diverse audience globally. 3. Tone flexibility Choose between an informal or formal tone to align the copy with your brand’s voice and messaging style. 4. Audience personalization Provide additional information about your audience to further personalize the generated copy and enhance engagement. 5. Character count control Tailor the length of copy by indicating your preference, even suggest character count guidelines. Get Started Learn More We send about a million emails everyday now. As a result, it's really important to get the newsletter out quickly, and Mailjet has helped us improve both our sending speed and deliverability. The best part about working with Mailjet is that I don't have to think about it, it just works. Nick Abouzeid Editorial & Growth Email made easy. Create beautiful, responsive emails in minutes. Get Started Contact Us Talk to an expert Subscribe to the Mailjet newsletter Please complete this required field. I have read and agree to the Terms of Service. * I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy. * Check your inbox monthly for your Mailjet Newsletter! Send me the Mailjet newsletter. I expressly agree to receive the newsletter and know that I can easily unsubscribe at any time. Follow us Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on YouTube Trusted & certified Platform Feature Releases Integrations Email API Email Marketing Email Editor MJML Real-Time Collaboration Email Personalization Email Deliverability Services Data Security & Compliance Resources Customer Stories Help Center API Documentation Service Status FAQs Road to the Inbox Report Blog Sitemap Company About Us Careers AI Info Mailgun Email on Acid Sinch Contact Us Try for Free Copyright © 2025 Mailjet All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy DPA Most people would agree cookies make life better. For us, they help us make our site and marketing better. But if you don’t like cookies, that’s cool – you can let us know by clicking the settings button! Allow all Disable all Customize Your Cookie Choices When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Cookie Statement Strictly Necessary Cookies (always active) These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie details Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used documentation.mailjet.com _cfuvid , __cfruid First Party .mailjet.com OptanonConsent First Party mailjet.com actualOptanonConsent , apt.sid , OptanonAlertBoxClosed , mail_session First Party app.mailjet.com connect.sid , SERVERID First Party hello.mailjet.com uvts , __cf_bm First Party m.stripe.com m Third Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookie details Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used hello.mailjet.com ubpv , ubvs First Party dev.mailjet.com _an_uid First Party app.mailjet.com rl_page_init_referring_domain , rl_anonymous_id , rl_group_trait First Party mailjet.com _vwo_ds , test_rudder_cookie , _vis_opt_s , rl_group_id , rl_user_id , _ga , rl_session , rl_page_init_referrer , ubvt , _vwo_uuid , apt.uid , optimizelyEndUserId , _gat , _vwo_sn , _ga_xxxxxxxxxx , _gid , _uetvid , _vis_opt_test_cookie First Party hello.learn.mailgun.com visitor_id Third Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie details Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used hello.mailjet.com _gd_session First Party mailjet.com __q_state_zkTi4FmbUJniF8K2 , _vwo_uuid_v2 , apt.temp-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , __tld__ First Party demo.mailjet.com _gd_visitor First Party dev.mailjet.com _pin_unauth , __uvt First Party app.mailjet.com __stripe_mid , __stripe_sid First Party mailgun.zendesk.com _cfuvid, __cf_bm, __cfruid Third Party vimeo.com _cfuvid, __cf_bm, vuid Third Party producthunt.com __cf_bm Third Party goldcast.io __cf_bm Third Party Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie details Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used www.mailjet.com pardot First Party app.mailjet.com rl_trait First Party hello.mailjet.com visitor_id First Party mailjet.com _gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , _uetsid , _fbp , _tt_enable_cookie , _ttp , _rdt_uuid , __q_domainTest , _gcl_au First Party linkedin.com bcookie, lidc, li_gc Third Party pi.pardot.com pardot, lpv830283 Third Party bing.com MSPTC, MUID Third Party hello.learn.mailgun.com pardot Third Party pardot.com visitor_id Third Party doubleclick.net IDE, test_cookie Third Party youtube.com VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, __Secure-xxxxxxx Third Party www.google.com _GRECAPTCHA Third Party Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie details Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used youtube.com YSC Third Party Allow all cookies Disable all cookies Confirm my choices