SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS App
Tickets
Store
Español
Transfer Tracker
LAFC acquire Jacob Shaffelburg from Nashville SC

TRANSFER TRACKER STATUS: Trade - LAFC receive: Jacob Shaffelburg - NSH receive: $1 million GAM, sell-on % LAFC have acquired forward Jacob Shaffelburg from Nashville SC, the clubs announced Monday.

LA Galaxy sign midfielder Justin Haak
National Writer: Charles Boehm
2026 Soccer Almanac: Most important dates on the North American calendar
13:40
WATCH: Every MLS team's best goal in 2025
8:06
WATCH: Best assists from the 2025 MLS season
Stay in the Game - Right from Your Inbox

Our top stories, must-see matches, exclusive offers, and more.

		By checking this box, I hereby consent to receive additional information from Major League Soccer, its Clubs, Soccer United Marketing and each of their respective affiliates and marketing partners and I agree to the MLSSoccer.com Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Sign Up
Latest
Voices: Joseph Lowery
Holiday wishlist: What every MLS team needs this winter
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire sign midfielder Robin Lod
Transfer Tracker
Minnesota United acquire Tomás Chancalay from New England Revolution
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Tottenham to MLS: Matt Wells era begins for Colorado Rapids
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Inter Miami, Son Heung-Min & more: Biggest stories of the 2025 MLS season
National Writer: Charles Boehm
MLS Transfers: DC United & Miami swing big, Red Bull rebuild
Transfer Tracker
New England Revolution acquire Brooklyn Raines from Houston Dynamo
Featured Video
Play Video
Current Time 
0:00
Loaded: 0%
Duration 
0:00
Play
Unmute
 
Fullscreen
Cast to Chromecast
WATCH: Inter Miami lift MLS Cup 2025 trophy
Lionel Messi raised the Philip F. Anschutz Trophy after a 3-1 win over Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
WATCH: Inter Miami lift MLS Cup 2025 trophy
0:19
Lionel Messi: 2025 Landon Donovan MLS MVP
1:31
Jordi Alba & Sergio Busquets: Legends retire after MLS Cup
2:26
Lionel Messi: How he decided MLS Cup 2025
2:30
Vancouver Whitecaps: MLS Cup 2025 defeat will fuel them
1:27
Inter Miami: MLS Cup 2025 a culmination of three-year journey
4:24
Inter Miami: Seeking revenge vs. Vancouver Whitecaps in MLS Cup?
0:44
Is Thomas Müller Lionel Messi's kryptonite? 
2:17
San Diego FC: Bright future after historic debut season
1:15
Vancouver Whitecaps: From heartbreak to MLS Cup
2:45
All Transfers

Follow the latest outgoing and incoming transfers for every MLS team.

Learn More
Transfer Tracker
San Jose Earthquakes sign Beau Leroux to contract extension
Minnesota United acquire Drake Callender from Charlotte FC
Seattle Sounders re-sign midfielder Paul Rothrock
LAFC acquire Jacob Shaffelburg from Nashville SC
LA Galaxy sign midfielder Justin Haak
Toronto FC acquire Brazilian defender Matheus Pereira
About MLS
Fact & Record Book
Competition Guidelines
Roster Rules & Regulations
Fan Code of Conduct
Executives
Official Partners
Jobs/Internships
MLS Community
Contact Us
Customer Service
Media Contacts
Advertising Contacts
Stay Connected
MLS on Apple News
Newsletters
iOS App
Android App
Resources
MLS Communications
Professional Referee Organization (PRO)
"Simplified Laws of the Game"
Player Engagement
MLS Greats
Store
By club
Jerseys
Men
Women
Kids
Clearance
League Reports
Competition Guidelines
Postponement Policy
All Transfers
Player Availability Report
Disciplinary Summary
Send-off Review Procedure
Club Sites
Atlanta
Austin
Charlotte
Chicago
Cincinnati
Colorado
Columbus
Dallas
D.C.
Houston
Kansas City
LA
LAFC
Miami
Minnesota
Montréal
Nashville
New England
New York
New York City
Orlando
Philadelphia
Portland
Salt Lake
San Diego
San Jose
Seattle
St. Louis
Toronto
Vancouver
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage Preferences
©2025 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 953 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Accept & Continue enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject Non-Essential Cookies or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We (including the clubs of MLS and our affiliates) and third parties use cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies”) on this site. Some Cookies are necessary to make this site and content available to you and are not subject to your preference settings. If you click “Accept & Continue,” you consent to MLS and our advertisers, vendors and other partners (collectively “Partners”) using non-essential Cookies and processing personal data (such as unique identifiers) stored on and/or accessed from your device or browser for the purposes described below. Click on “Show Purposes” for more information about these purposes and when your personal data may be processed based on legitimate interests. Also see our Privacy Policy.

If you do not consent to non-essential Cookies and the processing of your personal data for these purposes, click “Reject Non-Essential Cookies.” You can adjust your Cookies preferences, object to legitimate interests, or revoke your consent at any time by clicking on the "Cookie Setting" button at the of the site. We and our Partners process data obtained through the use of Cookies to: Actively scan device characteristics for identification. This is done to store and access information on a device and to provide personalized ads and content, and to enable ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept & Continue
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Show Purposes