Health information & technology — capture to code | Solventum Skip to main content "We've detected that you're visiting from {0}. Would you like to switch languages for tailored content?" Australia | English Belgique | français België | Nederlands Brasil | português Canada | English Canada | français Chile | español China (Chinese Simplified) Colombia | español Danmark | Dansk Deutschland | Deutsch France | français Hong Kong | English India | English Ireland | English Israel | English Italia | italiano Malaysia | English México | español Nederland | Nederlands New Zealand | English Norge | norsk Polska | polski Portugal | português Saudi Arabia | English Schweiz | Deutsch Singapore | English South Africa | English Spain (Spanish) Suisse | français Suomi | suomi Sverige | svenska Türkiye | Türkçe United Arab Emirates | English United Kingdom | English United States | English Việt Nam | Tiếng Việt Österreich | Deutsch ประเทศไทย | ภาษาไทย 台灣 | 繁體中文 日本 | 日本語 香港 | 繁體中文 대한민국 | 한국어 -> This page isn't available in your selected language The page you are currently viewing isn't available in your selected language. Would
              you like to go to the closest available page in your selected language, or stay on
              this page? No, stay on this page Yes, continue Investors Careers Partner Portal login Contact us Select Language Language - en United States Change Location Back Medical Medical Advanced wound care Advanced skin care Negative pressure wound therapy Advanced wound dressings Surgical solutions Antimicrobial incise drapes Temperature management Surgical skin preparation IV site management IV dressings Disinfecting port protectors IV training Sterilization assurance Steam sterilization Low temperature sterilization (VH2O2 & EtO) Patient management & monitoring Littmann® Stethoscopes ECG Electrodes Medical tapes, wraps & securement devices Medical technologies OEM Transdermal components Medical wearables Diagnostics Resources Optical solutions Medical Advanced wound care Advanced wound care Advanced skin care Negative pressure wound therapy Advanced wound dressings Surgical solutions Surgical solutions Antimicrobial incise drapes Temperature management Surgical skin preparation IV site management IV site management IV dressings Disinfecting port protectors IV training Sterilization assurance Sterilization assurance Steam sterilization Low temperature sterilization (VH2O2 & EtO) Patient management & monitoring Patient management & monitoring Littmann® Stethoscopes ECG Electrodes Medical tapes, wraps & securement devices Medical technologies OEM Medical technologies OEM Transdermal components Medical wearables Diagnostics Resources Optical solutions Resources Education Solventum™ Express Instructions for use Support Oral care Oral care Dental professionals Direct procedures Indirect procedures Preventative dental care Custom solutions All dental products Orthodontic professionals Fixed orthodontic appliances Orthodontic bonding solutions Custom orthodontic solutions All orthodontic products Clarity™ solutions Clarity™ Aligners Clarity™ Precision Grip Attachments Clarity™ Digital Bonding Clarity™ Attachment Material Clarity™ Portal Resources & support Authorized dental distributors Brain Floss blog Our rebrand story Oral care Dental professionals Dental professionals Direct procedures Indirect procedures Preventative dental care Custom solutions All dental products Orthodontic professionals Orthodontic professionals Fixed orthodontic appliances Orthodontic bonding solutions Custom orthodontic solutions All orthodontic products Clarity™ solutions Clarity™ solutions Clarity™ Aligners Clarity™ Precision Grip Attachments Clarity™ Digital Bonding Clarity™ Attachment Material Clarity™ Portal Resources & support Resources & support Authorized dental distributors Brain Floss blog Our rebrand story Education Oral care support All oral care products Clarity™ Portal login Are you a patient? Health information & technology Health information & technology Capture to code Accurate and streamlined clinical documentation Cost and performance management Quality care and outcomes Who we serve Clinicians Payers and payment programs Revenue cycle teams Federal government health agencies Solutions Ambient documentation and speech recognition Clinical documentation integrity Coding Population health analytics and grouping Consulting and outsourced services Platforms Solventum™ Cloud Platform Solventum™ 360 Encompass™ System Resources & education Case studies Webinars Events News Inside Angle blog HIS Learning Nexus Support Submit a support ticket Product documentation Health information & technology Capture to code Capture to code Accurate and streamlined clinical documentation Cost and performance management Quality care and outcomes Who we serve Clinicians Payers and payment programs Revenue cycle teams Federal government health agencies Solutions Ambient documentation and speech recognition Clinical documentation integrity Coding Population health analytics and grouping Consulting and outsourced services Platforms Solventum™ Cloud Platform Solventum™ 360 Encompass™ System Resources & education Resources & education Case studies Webinars Events News Inside Angle blog HIS Learning Nexus Support Support Submit a support ticket Product documentation Contact us Purification & filtration Purification & filtration Biopharmaceutical purification Harvest & clarification Anion exchange chromatography Sterile filtration Gene therapy All products School of Purification Resources Support Manufacturing Industrial water Microelectronics Food & beverage manufacturing Advanced dissolved gas control All products Resources Support Commercial water Foodservice Education & childcare facilities Resources Support Membranes for OEMs Industrial membrane materials Medical membrane materials Resources Support Residential water Under sink filtration Whole house filtration All products Resources Support Purification & filtration Biopharmaceutical purification Biopharmaceutical purification Harvest & clarification Anion exchange chromatography Sterile filtration Gene therapy All products School of Purification Resources Support Manufacturing Manufacturing Industrial water Microelectronics Food & beverage manufacturing Advanced dissolved gas control All products Resources Support Commercial water Commercial water Foodservice Education & childcare facilities Resources Support Membranes for OEMs Membranes for OEMs Industrial membrane materials Medical membrane materials Resources Support Residential water Residential water Under sink filtration Whole house filtration All products Resources Support Patients & consumers Resources Resources Medical Get inspired by the stories behind our innovations and find medical resources including product regulatory information and instructions for use. Oral care Explore our oral care resource library for brochures, case studies, clinical studies, white papers, infographics, and technical papers. Stay updated with blog insights from industry experts sharing clinical cases and their knowledge. Health information & technology Sharpen your skills and knowledge with continued education, customer training, enlightening topical webinars, case studies and more resources. Purification & filtration Biopharmaceutical purification resources Manufacturing resources Commercial water resources Membranes OEMs resources Residential water resources Resources Medical Get inspired by the stories behind our innovations and find medical resources including product regulatory information and instructions for use. Oral care Explore our oral care resource library for brochures, case studies, clinical studies, white papers, infographics, and technical papers. Stay updated with blog insights from industry experts sharing clinical cases and their knowledge. Health information & technology Sharpen your skills and knowledge with continued education, customer training, enlightening topical webinars, case studies and more resources. Purification & filtration Biopharmaceutical purification resources Manufacturing resources Commercial water resources Membranes OEMs resources Residential water resources Instructions for use & certificates Compliance and safety documents Lithium battery test summary search Education Education Medical Free continuing education for nurses, infection preventionists, sterile processing managers and other health care professionals. Solventum medical course topics include: infection prevention, skin care and wound care best practices and guidelines for improving patient outcomes. Oral care Enhance your expertise with our continuing education programs for dental professionals. Topics include advanced restorative techniques, preventive care strategies, and the latest dental technology. Stay ahead with our expert-led webinars, hands-on workshops and valuable resources. Health information & technology Sharpen your skills and knowledge with continued education, customer training, enlightening topical webinars, case studies and more resources. Purification & filtration Solventum's School of Purification educates topics such as biopharmaceutical purification, anion exchange chromatography & recombinant protein production. Education Medical Free continuing education for nurses, infection preventionists, sterile processing managers and other health care professionals. Solventum medical course topics include: infection prevention, skin care and wound care best practices and guidelines for improving patient outcomes. Oral care Enhance your expertise with our continuing education programs for dental professionals. Topics include advanced restorative techniques, preventive care strategies, and the latest dental technology. Stay ahead with our expert-led webinars, hands-on workshops and valuable resources. Health information & technology Sharpen your skills and knowledge with continued education, customer training, enlightening topical webinars, case studies and more resources. Purification & filtration Solventum's School of Purification educates topics such as biopharmaceutical purification, anion exchange chromatography & recombinant protein production. Our company Our Company Leadership Learn about current company officers and board of directors. Careers Explore current career opportunities, or sign up for job alerts, with related information on benefits, diversity, equity, sustainability and more. Partners & suppliers Here both current or prospective suppliers with us can find information and resources on expected code of conduct, responsibility, ethics and more. Governance View our governance priorities involving corporate governance, innovation management, corporate code of conduct, enterprise risk and stakeholder management here. Ethics & compliance As a healthcare company we put people first in all we do. Learn about our ethics, code of conduct, how we work with others or report a concern here. How we innovate Learn about the philosophy behind our approach to innovation, how we nurture and recognize new ideas, with examples of a few key past improvements to outcomes. Sustainability & social impact Explore how we're embedding environmental stewardship, social responsibility and strong governance across our business from sourcing renewable electricity to supporting global communities. Contact us Easily locate information for our mailing address, submit a help request, key telephone numbers, hours of operation, submit an idea to us and more. Our Company Leadership Learn about current company officers and board of directors. Careers Explore current career opportunities, or sign up for job alerts, with related information on benefits, diversity, equity, sustainability and more. Partners & suppliers Here both current or prospective suppliers with us can find information and resources on expected code of conduct, responsibility, ethics and more. Governance View our governance priorities involving corporate governance, innovation management, corporate code of conduct, enterprise risk and stakeholder management here. Ethics & compliance As a healthcare company we put people first in all we do. Learn about our ethics, code of conduct, how we work with others or report a concern here. How we innovate Learn about the philosophy behind our approach to innovation, how we nurture and recognize new ideas, with examples of a few key past improvements to outcomes. Sustainability & social impact Explore how we're embedding environmental stewardship, social responsibility and strong governance across our business from sourcing renewable electricity to supporting global communities. Contact us Easily locate information for our mailing address, submit a help request, key telephone numbers, hours of operation, submit an idea to us and more. Media center Investors Investors Careers Partner Portal login Contact us Select Language Language - en United States Change Location Home Health information & technology Health information & technology Bring your patient’s story to life It all starts with a conversation between a patient and their clinician. Let us help you efficiently turn that conversation into a complete and compliantly coded record that reflects the quality of care you provide and justifies the reimbursement you deserve. Let's start the conversation Read how to transform care with intelligent workflows Video introduction Challenges you face Solutions Resources and education Contact us On this page... Video introduction Challenges you face Solutions Resources and education Contact us play Video — 2 min Enabling better, smarter, safer healthcare From capture to code and beyond Disconnected workflows and siloed workforces cause inefficiencies and inaccuracies that lead to burnout and poor outcomes. With a deep understanding of the drivers of financial, quality and care outcomes, we deliver trusted insights at critical points across the workflows. Learn how we can drive value for your organization Workflow solutions that close the loop between clinical care and revenue integrity Ambient clinical documentation solutions automate documentation, in real time so clinicians get more time with patients — and their family and friends. Gaps in the patient story are proactively identified and addressed with integrated and closed-loop clinical documentation integrity (CDI) solutions, helping to improve quality metrics, risk adjustment, continuity of care and revenue capture.​ Records are seamlessly coded through an AI-powered, clinically driven review process, empowering coding teams, reducing time to bill and minimizing denials.​ Underpinning these integrated workflows is expert content honed over four decades, quality and patient classifications that drive patient insights and measure quality outcomes. Accurate and streamlined clinical documentation Our generative AI clinical documentation solutions are built to reduce the administrative burden on physicians. Which means, we help ensure documentation is completely, compliantly and accurately captured at the point of care. Unobtrusively in the background so the physician can focus on the person sitting in front of them and not on a computer screen. We integrate that documentation directly into the electronic health record (EHR) workflow, and gently nudge the physician if documentation is incomplete or unclear, avoiding the need to query the physician days or weeks later for clarification. Speech enable your documentation Cost and financial performance management It means that complete, compliant and accurate documentation is captured at the point of care so health systems and physicians can be appropriately reimbursed for the care provided. Our technology proactively flags cases that have a high potential for denial so coders and the health information management (HIM) team can fix the issue before it goes further downstream. We can automate pre-qualified visits, as defined by the organization, so that your highly trained coders aren’t spending their time on simple, manual tasks. Capture your codes Quality care and outcomes You can harness the power of the data and documentation you've captured to flag potentially preventable hospital visits, or possible severe maternal morbidity cases before it happens. You can prove quality outcomes and ensure your population is receiving the level of care they need to be their best selves. This data can be a formidable tool in ensuring health equity and drive increased access to care. Manage your quality 60% of physicians say bureaucratic tasks contribute to burnout 29.5% of improper payments made to inpatient hospitals were associated with insufficient documentation 37% of Egyptian Health ED visits were potentially preventable using PPVs 46% increase in denials from Medicare Advantage in 2022 Our breakthrough solutions empower you to be at your best In healthcare, it all comes down to data and documentation. With all of the complexities that exist in healthcare today, we know it's not easy. From the first patient conversation to the final bill, we can help you completely, compliantly and accurately capture that documentation. In a way that doesn't add administrative burden to your clinical and HIM teams. And supports better, smarter, safer healthcare for all. Explore our innovative solutions today. Ambient documentation and speech recognition Clinicians are forced to spend more time on administrative tasks than on patient care, leading to after-hours work, cognitive overload and burnout. What if clinical documentation could be automated to become a by-product of the patient-physician interaction and not a separate, burdensome task for the clinicians? Using conversational, generative and ambient AI, our ambient clinical documentation does just that – enabling clinicians to focus on delivering care, not documenting it. Tackle burnout today Clinical documentation integrity (CDI) What happens when each instrument of an orchestra is in perfect harmony? Magic happens. You can make the same magic by empowering your physicians and CDI teams with real time, complete, accurate and compliant documentation. Our approach provides a comprehensive, AI-driven solution that delivers frontline assistance to physicians so that gaps in CDI and patient care are not missed as well as a back end, concurrent audit workflow to optimize opportunities. Utilizing proactive CAPD technology to nudge clinicians within their EHR workflow to help reduce retrospective queries and leveraging the same AI-powered insights to close the loop between clinical care and revenue integrity. Find your harmony today Coding Coding staff shortages and budget constraints are a reality in your organization. Compliance and growing specificity in codes make it challenging to stay up to date. Coding automation backed with decades of regulatory and compliance expertise can help alleviate these concerns. We'll help you automate the majority of your caseload so your team can focus only on the most complex cases or shift to other top organizational initiatives. Automate your coding process today Population health analytics and grouping Go beyond the data and get to the heart of healthcare. People. We can help you identify opportunities to improve quality, contain costs, proactively identify preventable events and more effectively manage your population. We can help you navigate complicated state and Centers for Medicare & Medicaid (CMS) requirements and provide educational resources on the impact of risk adjustments, payment redesign, value-based incentives and health equity. Go beyond the data today Consulting and outsourced services Gaps in staffing and in-house expertise put your organization at risk with coding backlogs, payment delays, claims denials, write-offs, compliance audits and fines. Our outsourced staffing options are here to help with supplemental staffing or total outsourced coding and CDI services. Additionally, we can help you optimize your in house CDI, coding and quality programs across all care settings with our expert consulting professionals. We provide education and training, best-practice workflows and data analytics to transform your revenue cycle program. Our expert consultants are here to help you take your game to the next level. Level up today Tailored solutions for every role in healthcare We all play a part in helping to ensure our healthcare system is as effective and efficient as it can be. From those on the front lines to the back office experts and everyone in between, we're here to provide you with technology that supports your role in delivering better, smarter, safer care. Clinicians Discover how we can support you in tackling burnout and administrative burden through technology like speech recognition, ambient clinical documentation and transcription. Let's get started Payers and payment programs Our history is rooted in classification and grouping systems that help governments and payers positively measure and impact patient outcomes. Our solutions give you comprehensive insights into the data to help identify actionable analytics and drive sustainable improvements. Start your journey Revenue cycle teams Leverage AI-driven technology to bridge the gap between physicians and CDI teams while improving care and reducing administrative burden by automating manual tasks. We'll help you streamline your entire CDI and coding workflow, from the first conversation to the last bill. Start streamlining CDI and coding Resources and education Inside Angle Explore blogs and podcasts around what our community of industry leaders and experts have to say about health care topics that matter most. Read More Webinars Stay current on industry challenges, get expert advice and learn about your favorite topics. See all our webinars both live and on demand. View webinars Focus Get our monthly newsletter with updates on the latest content, events and education from Solventum HIS direct to your inbox. Sign Up Resource library Discover compelling case studies and guides highlighting the transformative power of our solutions, delivering efficiency, precision, and elevated patient experiences. Explore More Do more with Solventum Let’s explore how we can help you drive measurable outcomes across care and cost. Get in touch to learn more about our full suite of solutions and advisory services. Contact us Our mission Enabling better, smarter, safer healthcare to improve lives Learn more Our company About us Careers Investors Partners & suppliers Sustainability & social impact Ethics & compliance Media center Resources & education Solventum stories Solventum education SDS/RDS lookup Instructions for use & certificates Lithium battery test summary search Info Contact us Partner Portal login Site map Follow Us Legal Terms of sale Privacy HIPAA Privacy Security Terms & Conditions DMCA Accessibility Statement Your Privacy Preferences Transparency in Supply Chains and Modern Slavery Disclosures © Solventum 2025. All Rights Reserved.