Home | Minnesota State University, Mankato Skip to main content About MSU Current Students Athletics Giving Become a Partner Alumni Minnesota State University, Mankato Search Site navigation Minnesota State University, Mankato Home Page Programs Programs Minnesota State Mankato offers a diverse array of degree programs to explore, and countless opportunities for success both inside and outside the classroom. Here, you'll not only gain knowledge but also develop real-world thinking, engage with big ideas, and be inspired to take meaningful action. Join us and unlock your full potential! Find a Program Find Your Ideal Program Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Programs offered Online Training and Professional Education Academic Catalog Academic Catalog Graduation Requirements Active Course List All Active Catalogs Become a Student Become a Student Become a student at Minnesota State University, Mankato and join a right-sized University campus where you’ll find access to comprehensive resources and global community connections. Become a Student Choose your Pathway First Year Undergraduate Student Graduate Student International Student Transfer Student Postsecondary Student (PSEO) Admitted Student Returning Student Additional Information Request Information Visit MSU Value of MSU Paying for College Paying for College Minnesota State University Mankato offers a variety of resources to make your college experience attainable and affordable. Paying for College Tuition and Cost Cost of Attendance Student Fees Important Dates: Tuition and Fee Schedule Pay Your Bill Financial Aid Apply for Aid Work Study Financial Aid Portal Veteran and Military Tuition Benefits Additional Information Scholarships Loans Grants Graduate Assistantships Campus Jobs Residency and Reciprocity Life at MSU Life at MSU ​​Find your sense of belonging and explore university life at MSU. We have something for everyone. Learn about clubs and organizations, housing, dining, and other resources. ​ Life at MSU Living and Dining Living on Campus Off-Campus Housing Dining and Meal Plans Engage Diversity at MSU Study Abroad and Global Education Student Organizations Fraternity and Sorority Life Student Events University Security Centennial Student Union (CSU) Campus Recreation Student Support Student Support and Resources Minnesota State University, Mankato offers a variety of student support resources to help students navigate their college experience. Student Support Wellbeing and Student Services Accessibility Resources Counseling Center Registration and Records Student Health Services Academic Support Academic Advising Center for Academic Success Student Support Centers Technology Support Learning Communities Career and Enrichment Career Development Center Library Services Undergraduate Research Honors Program What can we find for you? Search Search Loading... No results found Programs Request Info Visit Campus Apply Big ideas. Real-world thinking. Inspired action. Find Your Program Today Search Loading... No results found Programs Browse Undergraduate Browse Graduate and Post Graduate Become a Student Minnesota State University, Mankato is where your next chapter begins. Start your journey today. Become a Student Visit Mankato Experience the vibrant campus life at MSU and immerse yourself in the dynamic Mankato community. Come see for yourself! Visit Us! Take the Next Step Discover your ideal pathway with 130+ undergraduate and 80+ graduate programs to fuel your big ideas. Program Pathways The Student Experience Discover your Maverick experience beyond the classroom! Get involved with student events, game days, clubs, organizations, and a variety of dining and living options. Find your community today! Life at MSU The Maverick Story Mavericks find their place on campus. They actively engage in classes, programs and clubs to foster community and enhance their university experience. Request Information The Value of MSU At MSU, we ignite a passion for lifelong learning by making academic excellence accessible to all. Our continuing education and professional development programs empower graduates to thrive throughout their life’s journey. The Value of MSU 130 Undergraduate Degree Programs Find a Program 78 Graduate Programs Find a Graduate Program 50+ Online Degree Programs Find an Online Program 92 Accredited, Certified or Recognized Programs Accredited and Recognized Programs Feel Like a Maverick Everyone is welcome here! Our commitment to community and belonging drives all that we do. The vibrant campus life both in and out of the classroom builds a bond among all Mavericks. Diversity at MSU Featured News MSU Announces $60 Million Fundraising Campaign at ‘Future State’ Launch Celebration MSU President Edward Inch announced the University is launching the public phase of a $60 million fundraising campaign that will transform the south side of the MSU campus into a hub for recreation, wellness, athletics and community engagement. Future State Announcement Special Education, School Psychology Graduate Programs Awarded $1.25 Million Training Grant MSU’s graduate programs in special education and school psychology were recently awarded a five-year $1.25 million training grant by the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Special Education Programs . Training Grant Announcement View All University News and Events The Future State Join us in shaping a space that brings people together and moves our region forward. We’re not just rebuilding a stadium—we’re transforming the south side of MSU’s campus into a vibrant destination for all. Learn More about the Future State Get Started Today! Request Info Visit Campus Apply Mankato, MN 56001 1-507-389-1000 1-800-722-0544 Minnesota State University, Mankato is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer and educator. Current Students News and Events Student Success Privacy Employment Directory Annual Security Report Accreditation and Compliance Accessibility Faculty and Staff Resources Report a Concern Colleges Website Feedback Request Info Visit Campus Apply © 2005-2025 Minnesota State University, Mankato