Website Builder App for Windows and Mac Mobirise Create your websites with AI Website Builder , AI Website Maker , Free AI Website Generator , AI Web Design Generator ! Download for Free! MOBIRISE WEB BUILDER Download Mobirise Website Builder now and create cutting-edge, beautiful websites that look amazing on any devices and browsers. Easy and free. Download Now! Learn more Themes and Templates Mobirise Website Builder provides an wide collection of pre-made website themes and templates that cater to a wide range of fields in both life and business. Each theme comes with a rich set of responsive blocks that are easy to manage. Create a website easily See this video - no technical or coding skills needed. Drop the blocks into the page, change content inline and publish. Edit locally, upload wherever Publish your website to a local drive, FTP, *.mobirisesite.com or connect a custom domain. Don't be a hostage to just one platform or service provider. Your site is yours - you have total control over it. Transform your web story Download and install now and start designing your own unique website. Download for Windows Download for Mac eCommerce features By integrating multiple extensions, you can effortlessly incorporate social widgets to share your social media posts on your Mobirise websites. Create custom forms Utilize the Form Builder extension to craft personalized contact forms and easily collect the information you require from your customers. With this feature, managing the backend is hassle-free, allowing you to publish your site and promptly receive emails. Experience the convenience of creating custom forms with multiple fields tailored to your needs. Edit code of Mobirise blocks Try the "Edit Code" feature available with the Code Editor extension: add your own scripts, and adjust CSS. Get more with Mobirise Numerous user-friendly features to create awesome sites. Responsive Design Mobirise Website Maker exclusively produces responsive websites, ensuring that your site adjusts its layout to fit any screen ratio on various devices. As a result, your website visitors will enjoy a seamless experience, whether they access it on desktop computers or smaller devices. Boost your ranking Websites crafted using Website Builder Software are fully optimized for mobile devices, passing Google's stringent mobile-friendly test with flying colors. Google holds a special affinity for these websites, as they demonstrate excellent compatibility with mobile platforms. Bootstrap Based An innovative web component framework, built upon Bootstrap 5, promises exceptional attributes for your website. It boasts unparalleled responsiveness, a feather-light structure, and impressive loading speeds, elevating the overall performance of your site to new heights. Social Feeds By incorporating various extensions designed for social feeds, you have the ability to seamlessly integrate widgets into your app-created pages. Google Fonts You can select from the large collection of Google Fonts right in the app, or use your own local font files instead. PWA builder These options enable you to convert your website into a web application. By activating this feature, your website will function as a true Progressive Web Application, allowing users to install it on their devices. Image editor Choose your image or one of the offered ones in the free image library and zoom it in and out, turn upside down, flip it vertically or horizontally or change its size easily like you want! Custom domain Get your custom subdomain for *.mobirisesite.com for free or link your own domain with ease. You can link it with the Mobirise Site subscription. Popup builder Need a pop-up window for special offers and ads on your web page? Here you go! The easy Popup Builder extension will help you make popups on your site. Shop blocks Creating an online store is easy! With shop blocks, you will make one in a matter of minutes. Add your products, fill out descriptions, set prices and that's it. WhatsApp Button The Chat button extension will help you to add the chat button, so your customers will know how to contact you. Easy Website Builder No code website builder. Free for both commercial and personal usage. Download for Windows Download for Mac Multiple templates to start with Blank page problem? Forget about it with many starting options. All-in-One Kit Get all 185 Mobirise extensions and themes with 98% discount. Unlock full access to all of Mobirise's current and upcoming themes and extensions for an entire year. Learn more © Copyright 2023 Mobirise - All Rights Reserved Made with ‌ Offline Website Creator