Data Management Engine for Security & Connectivity on the Endpoint - Mobolize Home Solutions Technology Partners About Us About us Press Room Blog Home Solutions Technology Partners About Us About us Press Room Blog Enabling Powerful Data Traffic Management on the Endpoint Enabling Powerful Data Traffic Management on the Endpoint Connecting Endpoints to Cloud & Carrier Services Our patented Data Management Engine software, deployed on endpoints, connects mobile and personal computing (PC) devices to Cloud-based services, enabling our Cloud and communication service providers to quickly deploy a robust set of advanced security and enhanced connectivity capabilities to their customers. This includes DNS threat protection, privacy relay, smart encryption, Wi‑Fi/cellular channel bonding, and more. Premier Partners Partner-first: powering private-label solutions for leading Security Companies and Communication Service Providers to deliver advanced security and connectivity solutions to their Consumer, Small & Midsize Business (SMB) and Enterprise Customers. BECOME A PARTNER Key Capabilities Protect Protecting users online by extending our partners’ threat protection services everywhere users take their devices. Solutions: DNS Threat Protection , SSE/SASE Technology: DNS Forwarding , Secure DNS over TLS and HTTPS, On-device Blocking Encrypt Encrypt is designed for automatic operation with configurable data traffic encryption across any network, such as public Wi-Fi. Configurable to encrypt only users’ unencrypted data for high-performance, low-cost security, or encrypt all data traffic for even more privacy. Provides secure browsing with encrypted DNS resolution supporting DoH/DoT. Solutions: Privacy Relay , SSE/SASE , Secure Wi-Fi Technology: HTTP Encryption and Forwarding , Secure DNS over TLS and HTTPS Bond Ensure users have seamless connectivity by automatically leveraging both Wi‑Fi and cellular data networks, such as in Wi‑Fi deadzones. Solutions: Seamless Wi-Fi , Secure Wi-Fi Technology: Wi-Fi + Cellular Channel Bonding Access Provide high performance fine-grain zero trust intranet access with SSO/OAuth via partner’s SASE/SD-WAN gateways, using advanced DPI and routing that avoids the usual connectivity issues and application breakage associated with legacy VPNs. Solutions: ZTNA , SSE/SASE Technology: HTTP Encryption and Forwarding , On-device Blocking Data Management Engine Solutions Technology Partners Company About Us Leadership Press Room Blog Contact us info@mobolize.com www.mobolize.com ©2024 Mobophiles, Inc., All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of Service We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information . Cookie Settings Accept Manage Consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT