Consent
Details
About
Cookie Preferences

We use cookies to make our website work smoothly, improve your experience, and show you relevant content and ads in collaboration with trusted third parties. By clicking "Allow all," you agree to these uses, including helping us with analytics and support. You can customize your cookie preferences in the settings and adjust them anytime.

Customize
Allow all
Facebook
Twitter
+1 518 250 6166
USD
Log In
Mochahost
Hosting
Hosting for WordPress
Servers
Domains
About
Support
Web hosting that's powered by us, inspired by you.

Feeling ready for a fresh-faced website? We've got the expertise to fuel your online presence, and the kick-ass hosting solutions to prove it.

Lets go!

2,640+ Reviews on

We’re proud to be featured in:

Don’t just take our word for it.

Delighting customers is our top priority, and their endorsement – "Mochahost is awesome" – is like caffeine to our core.

Excellent support

They always resolve my technical issues. The value for money is 1000 times better. I really appreciate the Mochahost team for their infrastructure and excellent support. I have so many sites, and they never went down or crashed.
Arun Gnana Raj

MochaHost is a great provider

Mochahost is a great provider. I've been with them for more than 13 years and am happy to continue. The customer service is always very responsive and any kind of problem is solved very fast. Thank you Patrick M for fixing my SEO tools, everything works perfectly now.
Irina S

Where hosting excellence meets exceptional service!

I've had the pleasure of using Mochahost for my website, and I can confidently say that they are nothing short of amazing. From the moment I signed up, their warm and professional team made me feel valued. If you're looking for a hosting provider that combines top-notch performance, exceptional support, and affordability, look no further than Mochahost.
Nunjeh Gilles
Pick a blend to help you power through.

Order your usual, or make moves on our signature blend. With our popular hosting plans, there's a flavor for every palette – including yours.

Let's sweeten the deal. Enjoy our 30 day money-back guarantee - no questions asked.

Expertise in every cup.

What’s in a Mochahost order? You'll find everything you need and then some - like 99% uptime with 24/7 support. With us, excellence isn't just promised, it's delivered in every plan.

Top speed and performance

Loading speeds that dynamically adjust to your site traffic, fueled by SSD storage, unlimited bandwidth, NVMe SSDs, and cutting-edge AMD EPYC CPUs for unparalleled speed.

24/7 instant support

Immediate 24/7 assistance at your fingertips, ensuring prompt and expert support whenever you need it.

Unlimited migrations

Move your digital assets to our platform without limitations, thanks to our seamless site transfers.

Free SSL certificates

We’ll automatically install and renew SSL certificates for all your domains and subdomains for robust encryption and security, completely free of charge.

Free domain name

Make your online presence more accessible right from the start with your complimentary domain name, from annual plans up.

Carbon-neutral hosting

Our environmentally-conscious hosting offsets carbon emissions and uses renewable energy in data centers.

Your choice of location

Choose your hosting location, giving you the flexibility to cater to your audience's needs from server locations worldwide.

Regular backups

We’ll safeguard your website data with regular backups, giving you security and peace of mind.

We’re everywhere you need us to be.

For night owls and early birds, our servers and support teams are fresh-faced and ready to help you with anything you need - no matter the time zone (or how late you’re up).

So, what's different about our award-winning hosting?

We promise fast and reliable performance.

We pride ourselves in offering awesome site performance with lightning-fast loading speeds, ensuring your site scales seamlessly to handle any traffic surge. Optimizing your online presence and managing your account has never been easier.

We deliver hassle-free migrations.

Our migration process is designed for simplicity, ensuring an easy transition to our platform without any interruptions to your service. Enjoy a smooth, cost-free migration experience, making the switch hassle-free and worry-free for you.

We provide unbeatable security.

When it comes to security, we’ve got you covered! We offer unmatched protection for your website with a comprehensive suite of security features, from complimentary SSL certificates to reliable regular backups and advanced security measures.

When we say “award-winning”, we mean it!

Welcome to our trophy case*, packed full thanks to all the splendid things our customers have achieved with Mochahost’s hosting offers.

*Okay, so they’re not real trophies - but they’re pretty darn special to us.

CNET
Best Hosts of 2021

Top11Hosting.com
Best Host of 2021 - 2023

digital.com
Best Web Hosting
Providers 2020

hth.guide
4.4/5 stars from over 3000 reviews

whtop.com
Top-rated hosting provider

24/7 CUSTOMER CARE
Like a great barista, our friendly hosting experts are always here to help.

Our team is available 24/7 for any questions or needs you have. And we’re not wired on caffeine working graveyard shifts, either - we’re based around the world, so you’re getting our best energy, to match yours.

Let's have a chat

MochaHost's customer support is a game-changer. Their lightning-fast response time and expert tech assistance make all the difference. No matter the complexity, their team provides clear solutions and empowers you with knowledge. With various contact options, they're always there for you. MochaHost sets a new standard for support – they've won me over for life.

Benison David Sanchez
Frequently asked questions

Here's a shot of our most frequently asked questions. If you're still stirring for answers, pop into our live chat and we'll be happy to help.

Do I need to know a lot about hosting to work with you?

How secure are your services?

Do you really offer 24/7 support?

Why do you offer a money-back guarantee?

Footer
Mochahost

What’s so special about Mochahost? Whether you need dedicated hosting or a fresh domain, we’re fast, we’re secure, and we focus on you - always.

Visa
Mastercard
AMEX
Discover
Paypal
Facebook
Twitter
Web Hosting
Shared Web Hosting
Windows Web Hosting
cPanel Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Linux VPS Servers
Windows VPS Servers
Solutions
Hosting for WordPress
Domain Names
Java Tomcat Hosting
Build Your Own Website
SSL Certificates
SpamExperts
Support
Customer Login
Create New Account
Contact Support
Open Support Ticket
Place New Order
Report Abuse
Company
Status Center
About Mochahost
Affiliate Program
Company Details
Terms of Service
Knowledgebase
+1 518 250 6166
USD
Privacy Manager | 
Terms & Conditions
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Company Details
 | 
Accessibility Statement
 | 
Registrants Rights & Responsibilities
 | 
Acceptable Usage Policy
 | 
Referral Program Agreement
 | 
Promo T&C's

© 2025 Mochahost. All rights reserved.