MOCREO – Always Connected Skip to content Products Compare Systems IoT Sensor LoRa Sensors Temperature Sensor_LS1 Temp Sensor Temp & Humidity Sensor Water Leak Sensor IoT Hub LoRa Hub H5-Pro BLE Hub H1B/H2 H5Lite NB-IoT Gateway IoT Edge Gateway Controller How to Choose Support Center Smart System Sensor System Contact Shop 0 Your cart Search for: Close menu Products Compare Systems IoT Sensor LoRa Sensors Temperature Sensor_LS1 Temp Sensor Temp & Humidity Sensor Water Leak Sensor IoT Hub LoRa Hub H5-Pro BLE Hub H1B/H2 H5Lite NB-IoT Gateway IoT Edge Gateway Controller How to Choose Support Center Smart System Sensor System Contact Shop 0 Your cart Toggle menu Search for: Environmental Monitoring for Peace of Mind Remote Alerts No Hidden Fee Real-time Monitoring Free Data Storage/Export Contact  Us Keep an eye on your asset Peace of mind With MOCREO environmental monitoring solution, you can access the real-time environmental condition anywhere and be notified when something abnormal occurs View MOCREO Dashboard With MOCREO Environmental Monitoring System Get Real-time Insights Realize the remote monitoring in real time even though you aren’t at the site Predictive Alert The potential can be discovered in time before it becomes worse Simplify the Workflow Replace the tradition manual inspection, freeing more time doing other things Avoid the Extra Cost Reduce the your valuable assets loss with predictive alert What Our Solution Serves for Restaurant Pharmacy Laboratory Hospital Greenhouse Manufacturing Sold sensors Up to 50+ Thousand Doing business in 46+ Countries Support clients 10+ Thousand Data points to date 750+ Million IoT Sensors Temperature Sensor Temp & Humidity Sensor Temperature Sensor Water Leak Sensor Long Term Availability We will be offering at least one product line of MOCREO devices until at least 12/31/2030, and will be guaranteeing the same conditions in terms of the availability of core functions for this same period. This includes installation, configuration, start-up and operation (via various user interface devices, including selected smartphones). The way we will do this is by: offering MOCREO hardware and application plus a licensed cloud-based solution, and/or releasing the MOCREO-related open-source interface options for what will then be a generally available community solution. What Our Clients Said We lost a lot of meat after the door wasn’t shut well. This is an excellent price for a monitoring system and it has been working very well for us. Additionally, the system's data export function allows us to provide supervisors with relevant information. BLACK SHEEP RESTAURANTS Because we creates custom compounds based on what our customers need we need to make sure the medications are stored at the stable temperature Otherwise, the efficacy of them would be impaired and bring bad effect on our customers' skin. If so, we definitely lose our customers. NEDROCKPHARMACY It keeps an eye on our temperature-sensitive medical resources We like the function that we can set up alarm temperatures Additionally, it frees us from troublesomely manual recording , improving the working efficiency. We are happy with the products PROTEINTECH MOCREO has peace of mind knowing that my beef is safe Once I lost 20 pounds of Beef because one fridge stopped cooling But now, with MOCREO sensors, I can remotely monitor my freezer anywhere at any time and get the timely notification when the temperature is outside the normal range. Dunagan-Farms Contact Us Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * First Last Email * Phone Number Company Name Business Cooperation Details * I agree to receive information from MOCREO. By clicking this button you consent to allow MOCREO to store and process the personal information above to fulfill your request. Send Message Download About MOCREO MOCREO provides versatile sensing products designed to capture essential data from the physical world. By leveraging innovative IoT technology, we deliver real-world impact across diverse applications. Our commitment to offering cutting-edge solutions addresses the dynamic needs of our customers, ensuring reliable environmental monitoring in various settings. With MOCREO, you can always have peace of mind. Contact Us Support (US): +1 530-988-8608 Sales: b2b [at] mocreo.com Headquarters: 10 ANSON ROAD #33-17 INTERNATIONAL PLAZA SINGAPORE (079903) LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Twitter Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Never miss MOCREO hot deals, news, and updates tailored for you. * Subscribe Application Food Safety Pharmacy Hospital Laboratory Greenhouse Manufacturing Animals Support Affiliate Program Payment Methods Shipping Policy Warranty Policy Return & Refund Policy 30-Day Price Protection Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Products IoT Sensor IoT Hub LoRa Series Controller ODM/OEM Service Explore How to Choose Support Center Web Portal API Documents Blog Case Study Data Security IoT System Status Copyright © 2025 MOCREO. All rights reserved. Back to top Your amount to pay has been updated The previous conversion quote has expired. Here is your new quote: Total $ You Pay Back to checkout Place Order