Home | Modisoft | POS & Back Office Skip to content The Q2 Industry Report is here! Download Now Retail Business Types Convenience Grocery Liquor Smoke Shop Products Point of Sale Optimize checkouts for the retail hustle Insights Actionable insights for retail performance Inventory Management Maintain stock, minimize waste effortlessly Online Ordering Offer a seamless online ordering experience Kiosk Reduce lines with efficient self-serve kiosks Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Build loyalty with tailored rewards programs. Employee Management Manage your team with an all-in-one solution Multi-Location Management Efficiently manage multiple locations in sync Order Management NEW Sync third-party menus with Modisoft POS Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Unlock extra cash flow with our savvy scan data. Fuel Management Streamline fuel operations with smart reporting Lottery Management Simplify tracking with lottery management tools Digital Lottery Attract customers with a digital lottery display Digital Display Display vibrant digital menus & promotions Payments Ensure secure, reliable transactions everywhere Custom Loyalty App Powerful loyalty features with your branding. Featured Check Out Digital Lottery Modisoft's Digital Lottery Display is a sleek and interactive solution designed to transform how you manage, promote, and sell lottery tickets. Roadster Take a look at how Modisoft’s back office software is improving the operations of convenience store chain, Roadster. Restaurant Business Types Fast Food Full Service Fast Casual Cafe & Bakery Bars Products Point of Sale Lightning-fast POS for quick service Insights Powerful insights for effective business data Inventory Management Stay stocked with reliable inventory control Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Turn newcomers into loyal regulars Kiosk Empower customers with self-serve kiosks Employee Management Easily manage schedules, payroll, performance Multi-Location Management Effortlessly manage all locations at a glance Payments Ensure secure, reliable transactions everywhere Digital Display Attract customers with vibrant digital menus Online Ordering Meet demand with convenient online ordering Table Management Calm the rush with smooth table management Tips Management NEW Easily manage tips for your team Recipe Suite NEW Ensure consistency in every meal Kitchen Display System Push orders from your register to your kitchen Order Management NEW Integrate online ordering platforms with ease Custom Loyalty App Powerful loyalty features with your branding. Featured Explore Table Management Designed for restaurants of all sizes, our system helps you take control of your floor, optimize guest flow, and ultimately drive more revenue. Cibolo Market Cibolo Market increased their sales and business efficiency by utilizing Modisoft POS & Insights at their location. Products Point of Sale Retail Point of Sale Restaurant Point of Sale Kitchen Display System Table Management Tips Management NEW Payments Kiosk Insights Insights Inventory Management Employee Management Multi-Location Management Recipe Suite NEW Fuel Management Lottery Management Order Management NEW Artificial Intelligence NEW Marketing Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Custom Loyalty App Online Ordering Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Digital Lottery Digital Display Featured Say Hi to Sunny! Meet the teammate who never clocks out. Your 24/7 AI assistant who is ready to answer, suggest, and solve in real-time. Cibolo Market Cibolo Market increased their sales and business efficiency by utilizing Modisoft POS & Insights at their location. Hardware Resources Pricing Company Contact Us About Us Leadership Integrations Agents/ISO NEW Case Studies Careers News Brand Media Kit Login Free Trial Free Trial Login Home Every Process for Every Business We help business owners simplify their operations, make data-driven decisions, and improve customer experience through one cohesive point of sale and back office solution. Request a Demo See Pricing Powerful Point of Sale What business do you have? Convenience Fast Food Grocery Full Service Liquor Fast Casual Smoke Shop Bar Cafe & Bakery See more about Convenience Store POS See more about Fast Food POS See more about Grocery POS See more about Full Service POS See more about Liquor POS See more about Fast Casual POS See more about Smoke Shop POS See more about Bar POS See more about Cafe & Bakery POS Digital Lottery Add a modern digital lottery display at your location to increase upsell at the counter, and drive in more lottery sales. Request a Demo View Details Payments Experience seamless and secure payments
no matter where you sell. Enjoy transparent pricing with minimal transaction fees. Request a Demo View Details Hardware Get durable and reliable hardware with a modern design that blends into any retail or restaurant business. Request a Demo View Details Digital Display Always display your most updated pricing, special offers, and attract more customers with a sleek Digital Display. Request a Demo View Details Kiosk Give your customers a user-friendly experience that allows them to move through checkout with ease. Request a Demo View Details Reporting with Insights Explore Live Sales Reporting with Insights Explore Shift Scheduling Reporting with Insights Explore Profit & Loss Reporting with Insights Explore Loyalty Dashboard Reporting with Insights Explore Fuel Sales Live Sales Shift Scheduling Profit & Loss Loyalty Dashboard Fuel Sales Get a demo Track live sales from your location at a glance. Keep an eye on top performing products and customer trends. Streamline your employee management with timesheet reports, clock-in/out systems, and payroll. Keep a close eye on your most important data, allowing you to make smarter, more-informed business decisions. Get in-depth performance analytics of your loyalty program from one intuitive dashboard. Manage your fuel sales and inventory like a pro. View competitor pricing to stay ahead of the competition. Our Impact in Numbers Tracked Daily Sales $ 0 M In Annual Sales $ 0 B Transactions per year 0 B Our Impact in Numbers In Annual Sales $ 0 B Tracked Daily Sales $ 0 M Transactions per year 0 B See Modisoft in Action Solutions for Every Step. From convenience stores to restaurants, get hardware that blends into your environment. Treat your customers to smooth, seamless, secure payments . Track your sales, inventory ,  and price book in real-time. Build Loyalty with Cartzie Explore Loyalty Programs Explore Boost Explore Targeted Campaigns Explore Online Ordering Explore Custom Loyalty App Create a Loyalty Program Run Vendor-Funded Promotions Launch Targeted Campaigns Offer Online Ordering Get a Custom Loyalty App Get a demo PRICING Powerful POS doesn’t have to break the bank. Affordable plans for every business type. View Pricing Retail plans starting at $69 /mo. Best for retail owners looking for a one stop solution to manage their POS & Back Office. View retail plans Restaurant plans starting at $0 /mo. The perfect plans to start, streamline, and scale your restaurant. No upfront costs, no hidden fees, no headaches. View restaurant plans PRICING Powerful POS doesn’t have to break the bank. Affordable plans for every business type. View Pricing Cartzie: Your loyal companion One add-on, multiple loyalty features. Boost sales and increase customer retention at your location. View Cartzie features Empowering Growth Together FavTrip Discover how FavTrip, a growing convenience store chain in Missouri, streamlined operations, reduced costs, and skyrocketed… Grab-N-Geaux See how Grab-N-Geaux has improved their business operations by scaling with Modisoft. Cibolo Market Cibolo Market increased their sales and business efficiency by utilizing Modisoft POS & Insights at their location. Roadster Take a look at how Modisoft’s back office software is improving the operations of convenience store chain, Roadster. Orange Market Orange Market, a C-store that operates in the heart of West Campus at the University of Texas, managed to open… Mak’s Convenience As Mak’s Convenience continued to grow, managing employees and thousands of products started becoming a headache… Graboost Take a glimpse into how convenience store chain, Graboost, has experienced significant business growth with Modisoft. Time Mart Movement Stores has been using Modisoft Technology for the last 7 years. From swift payment transactions to pricing… Empowering Growth Together Roadster Take a look at how Modisoft's back office software is improving the operations of convenience store chain, Roadster. Graboost Take a glimpse into how convenience store chain, Graboost, has experienced significant business growth with Modisoft. Mak’s Convenience As Mak’s Convenience continued to grow, managing employees and thousands of products started becoming a headache… Time Mart Movement Stores has been using Modisoft Technology for the last 7 years. From swift payment transactions to pricing... Orange Market Orange Market, a C-store that operates in the heart of West Campus at the University of Texas, managed to open… John Doe CEO Integrations that Make 
Your Life Easier View all integrations Altria Automatically import pricing from leading tobacco brands to ensure your customers are receiving the best deals and latest pricing. DoorDash Increase your restaurant’s reach by integrating DoorDash into your business. Put your menu online and watch orders seamlessly connect to your POS. Plaid Securely connect your bank account with Modisoft Insights to manage your bank reconciliation and ensure your books are accurate and up to date. Ready to Get Started? Speak with a POS expert and learn how Modisoft can help your business. Request a Demo FAQ What support can I get when running multiple stores? Rest assured that our exceptional customer support is at your service round the clock, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We take great pride in providing you with unwavering assistance, ensuring that any issues or concerns you may encounter are swiftly and effectively addressed. Feel free to reach out to our dedicated support team whenever the need arises, as we are always here to provide you with prompt and reliable solutions. What sort of tools does Modisoft have for retail? Modisoft takes pride in providing a comprehensive suite of tools designed to facilitate seamless operations for your business. With our powerful software, you can take advantage of a range of features tailored to enhance your efficiency and customer experience. What industries does Modisoft support? Modisoft covers a wide range of industries, priding ourselves in having – every process for every business. Our solutions support both retail and restaurant businesses, more specifically Convenience Stores, Grocery Stores, Liquor Stores, Smoke Shops, Fast Food, Full Service restaurants, Fast Causal dining, Bars, and Cafes and Bakeries. How can my business use loyalty programs with Modisoft? Maximize the potential of Cartzie, our loyalty tool, by harnessing its features to create customer loyalty and drive repeat visits to your store. With Cartzie Campaigns, you can implement robust loyalty programs that incentivize customers to return, fostering a strong and lasting relationship with your brand. Furthermore, take advantage of the automated customer outreach capabilities of Cartzie Campaigns through text messaging. This powerful feature allows you to engage with your customer base proactively, sending personalized messages, promotions, and updates directly to their mobile devices. By automating this process, you save time and effort while maintaining consistent and effective communication with your valued customers. Additionally, Cartzie empowers you to offer online ordering, opening up new avenues for sales and customer convenience. By leveraging Cartzie loyalty programs, automated customer outreach via text messaging, and online ordering capabilities, you can enhance customer engagement, increase sales, and deliver exceptional customer experiences. Embrace the full potential of these tools to grow your business and establish a strong presence in the digital realm. Come visit us at NACS! Booth #C5926 Win Free Tickets Don’t Miss Out Check out our newsletter to learn about our newest features and industry trends. Twitter Tiktok 6932 Brisbane Court STE 301 Sugar Land, TX 77479 Copyright © 2026 Modisoft Inc. All rights reserved. Business Types Convenience Grocery Liquor Smoke Shops Fast Food Full Service Fast Casual Café and Bakeries Bars Products Retail POS Restaurant POS Insights Inventory Management Employee Management Multi-Location Management Recipe Management Fuel Management Lottery Management Order Management Kitchen Display System Table Management Tips Management Payments Kiosk Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Online Ordering Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Digital Lottery Digital Display Custom Loyalty App Pricing Hardware Pricing Company About Us Contact Us Testimonial Resources News Careers Leadership Integrations Brand Media Kit Privacy Terms and Conditions Return and Exchange Download Business Types Convenience Grocery Liquor Smoke Shops Fast Food Full Service Fast Casual Café and Bakeries Bars Pricing Hardware Pricing Company About Us Contact Us Testimonial Resources News Careers Leadership Integrations Brand Media Kit Privacy Terms and Conditions Return and Exchange Download Products Retail POS Restaurant POS Insights Inventory Management Employee Management Multi-Location Management Recipe Management Fuel Management Lottery Management Order Management Kitchen Display System Table Management Tips Management Payments Kiosk Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Online Ordering Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Digital Lottery Digital Display Custom Loyalty App Copyright © 2024 Modisoft Inc. All rights reserved. modal-check Altria Popup Demo Description About Altria Altria Group, Inc. is one of the world’s largest producers and marketers of tobacco and related products. They have been the undisputed market leaders in the U.S. tobacco industry for decades. Altria Group is known for owning the most enduring names in American business including but not limited to Philip Morris USA, John Middleton, and U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company. View Website Benefits Monitor and track all promotional efforts by directly integrating deals into insights Receive Altria rebates smoothly by sharing scan data reports Generate Altria scan data report program at a click Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Cartzie Popup Demo Description About Cartzie Cartzie is a loyalty application designed by Modisoft, with you in mind. It is a one-stop loyalty and online ordering solution that is fully equipped with all the tools needed to make your business grow. With Cartzie, you can do curbside pickups, delivery, and drive-thru ordering. Cartzie has revolutionized the way businesses interact with customers. View Website Benefits Add delivery options for your customers Boost your marketing efforts through targeted campaigns Take your business online in a few clicks Receive payments online for your orders Pricing +$49 per month with Retail Plans View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Comdata Popup Demo Description About Comdata COMDATA has been serving businesses for over 45 years and is recognized as a leading provider of commercial payment solutions. They specialize in serving the trucking industry and are known as an issuer of fleet fuel cards, trucking permits, corporate spend cards, and paperless payroll cards. View Website Benefits Automatically transfer sales data from the Comdata POS into Modisoft back-office software Get an all-in-one solution to monitor and track your sales separately Easy accessibility to manage all your fuel sales Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Doordash Popup Demo Description About DoorDash DoorDash, Inc. is a food ordering and delivery platform based in San Francisco. It is the largest food delivery company in the United States with more than 50% of the market share in the convenience delivery category. It provides an on-demand food delivery service to restaurants and stores. Their services help businesses innovate, grow, and reach more customers. View Website Benefits Receive order directly into your POS System Manage your online DoorDash menu Enable DoorDash orders for your customers Pricing +$69 per month for Third-Party Order Management View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Fintech Popup Demo Description About Fintech Fintech has been dedicated to serving the beverage alcohol industry for the last 30+ years. Established in 1991, Fintech operates from its headquarters based in Tampa, Florida. Supported by TA Associates and General Atlantic, Fintech automates alcohol invoice payment, streamlines payment collections, and facilitates comprehensive data capture for 1 million B2B business relationships. View Website Benefits Import vendor invoices directly into your back office Optimize purchase order management Improve your alcohol vendor management Pricing +$5 per month View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Gilbarco Popup Demo Description About Gilbarco Veeder-Root Gilbarco Inc. is a supplier of fueling equipment including fuel dispensers, payment systems, point-of-sales systems, and support services. The company operates from Greensboro, North Carolina. View Website Benefits Effortlessly connect your POS data from the Gilbarco system to Modisoft Insights Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Instacart Popup Demo Description About Instacart Instacart is a delivery company that operates a grocery delivery and pick-up service in Canada, and the United States. It is one of the largest grocery marketplaces in North America. Instacart makes the delivery process easy for store owners. View Website Benefits Monitor and manage your Instacart inventory levels from Modisoft Insights Updated Instacart inventory levels in real-time Avoid stockouts by ensuring accurate inventory levels Pricing +$19 per month View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Retalix Popup Demo Description About Retalix Retalix Ltd was established in 1982 and is now owned by NCR Corporations. It develops licensed and supported software applications for retailers, wholesalers, and distributors of fast-moving consumer goods. View Website Benefits Easily Import sales data for reports and analytics from the Retalix POS system Monitor sales in real-time Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Paycue Popup Demo Description About Paycue Paycue is Modisoft’s preferred payment processing provider. It helps businesses to streamline their setup process to be faster and more efficient. Paycue assists businesses with faster payments and smoother customer interaction. View Website Benefits Enjoy minimal fees on transactions Seamless integration Speedy transactions Secure payments Pricing No monthly fee. Only pay when you sell. View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Plaid Popup Demo Description About Plaid Plaid Inc. is a financial service company that builds a data transfer network that powers digital finance and fintech products. Plaid assists businesses in connecting their financial accounts to fintech services. The company's product enables applications to seamlessly connect with the user's bank account. View Website Benefits Build a quick and secure connection to your bank account Easily manage your bank reconciliation to match your book records Experience an easier way to connect with your bank account Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check RJRT Popup Demo Description About RJ Reynolds R.J. Reynolds is a leading tobacco manufacturing company in the United States. Founded by R.J. Reynolds in 1875, the company is a subsidiary of Reynolds American. RJR holds the largest brand portfolio including but not limited to Kent, Pall Mall, Camel, and Newport. The company is based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. View Website Benefits Offer tobacco loyalty from the industry's leading brands Monitor all promotional efforts in just a few clicks Get your rebates easily Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Uber Eats Popup Demo Description About Uber Eats Uber Eats is an online platform that focuses on food ordering and delivery. The company offers easy online delivery and logistics operations. It was launched in 2014 by Uber company. The company operates by allowing foodies to order the food they love. Uber Eat connects businesses to millions of customers while providing a hassle-free delivery solution to restaurateurs. View Website Benefits Manage the Uber Eats menu through a single dashboard Have online orders automatically sent to your POS system Increase the number of online orders you receive Pricing +$69 per month for Third-Party Order Management View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Verifone Popup Demo Description About Verifone Verifone, Inc. Is an American multinational corporation based in Coral Springs, Florida. It sells merchant-operated, self-service, and consumer-facing payment systems to the different industries. View Website Benefits Import data easily from the Verifone POS system into Modisoft Insights Keep a record of your data in one software Manage sales data at a glance Pricing Included in Advanced Plan View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Vusion Group Popup Demo Description About VusionGroup VusionGroup is the global leader in digitalization solutions for commerce. It provides IoT and Data solutions for physical commerce, serving over 350 large retailer groups around the world in North America, Asia, and Europe. View Website Benefits Get the flexibility to update prices across thousands of products from one central dashboard Implement digital price tags in your retail location Limit the need for traditional label printing Pricing Available upon request View Website Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 0 seconds modal-check Join Our Team Demo Description Dismiss ad Dismiss ad This will close in 20 seconds Retail Business Types Convenience Grocery Liquor Smoke Shop Products Point of Sale Insights Inventory Management Online Ordering Kiosk Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Employee Management Multi-Location Management Order Management NEW Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Fuel Management Lottery Management Digital Lottery Digital Display Payments Custom Loyalty App Restaurant Business Types Fast Food Full Service Fast Casual Cafe & Bakery Bars Products Point of Sale Insights Inventory Management Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Kiosk Employee Management Multi-Location Management Payments Digital Display Online Ordering Table Management Tips Management NEW Recipe Suite NEW Kitchen Display System Order Management NEW Custom Loyalty App Products Point of Sale Retail Point of Sale Restaurant Point of Sale Kitchen Display System Table Management Tips Management NEW Payments Kiosk Insights Insights Inventory Management Employee Management Multi-Location Management Recipe Suite NEW Fuel Management Lottery Management Order Management NEW Artificial Intelligence NEW Marketing Cartzie Loyalty & Campaigns Custom Loyalty App Online Ordering Scan Data & Tobacco Loyalty Digital Lottery Digital Display Hardware Resources Pricing Company Contact Us About Us Leadership Integrations Agents/ISO NEW Case Studies Careers News Brand Media Kit