Modulate | The Conversational Voice Intelligence Platform Cookie consent notice By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept all Deny Preferences Preferences Dashboard Personalization cookies Marketing cookies Analytics cookies Essential cookies (required) Accept all save my preferences Reject all cookies Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Test Your Skills: Play Deepfake Detective to See Our Detection Models in Action Solutions Industry Insurance & Banking CX & Contact Centers Gaming Use Cases Agent Attrition Commercial Fraud Compliance Resources Blog Newsroom Resources Newsletter Customer Success Stories Ethics Privacy and Data Management About Us Team Culture Careers Contact Contact Real-time voice insights to understand sentiment & emotion. Modulate proactively detects key behaviors to help customers manage risk and improve experiences for their employees and users alike. Learn more Data File Clock Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com Over 250 million hours of voice analyzed to date Proud Partners: Modulate turns voice conversations into real-time intelligence that prevents fraud, protects communities, and improves customer experience. The Modulate platform ingests live and recorded audio, decodes multi-dimensional signals (content, intent, emotion, and behavior), and delivers actionable alerts, APIs, and dashboards so teams can stop threats while conversations are still live. Built purpose-built for voice and trained on hundreds of millions of hours of real-world audio, the platform detects deception, toxic behavior, synthetic voices, and escalations faster and more accurately than text-first approaches. Built for Voice Not a text model bolted on: we analyze tone, stress, overlap, and real-world noise. Scalable & Secure Scalable ingestion, enterprise integrations, and compliance for production deployments. Immediate Alerts, webhooks, and supervisor escalation the instant we detect fraud, abuse, harassment, or a customer escalation. One platform, multiple solutions Modulate's voice intelligence platform is configured into packaged solutions for fraud, trust & safety, and customer experience. Fraud Prevention We stop voice-based fraud before transactions complete. Real-time synthetic voice detection, social-engineering pattern recognition, and account-takeover signals so you prevent loss, not just investigate it. Prevent Fraud Trust & Safety Protect communities from harassment and abuse at scale. Real-time toxic behavior detection, grooming and exploitation indicators, and automated enforcement with human-in-the-loop review. Protect Your Users Customer Experience Detect escalations and coach agents in real time. ‍ Real-time sentiment, escalation risk, and automated quality assurance to reduce churn, delight your customers, and drastically improve CSAT. Improve CX Modulate helps you navigate regulations and compliance Now more than ever, digital platforms need to pay close attention to current and upcoming online safety regulations to ensure they can become (or remain) compliant. We can help. Code of Conduct audits & expert guidance on community policies User report correlation and enhancement Transparency reporting under the EU AI Act, Digital Services Act, and more Userbase behavior insights and risk assessments Compliance with privacy regulations like COPPA or PCI-DSS Internal risk assessments and security posture More about modulate & compliance Sign up for our Trust & Safety Lately newsletter A regular newsletter exploring the Trust & Safety landscape, and explaining what the latest news and trends mean for you. First name * Last name * Work email * Company name What kind of trust & safety content interests you the most? All of it! Gaming Child Safety Gig work (ride-share, delivery, etc.) Social Media Fraud Detection Online dating Laws & Regulations Modulate needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Working Alongside Awards and Certifications Modulate values user privacy and protection above all else Protecting users isn't optional; but neither is protecting their privacy. Modulate does both, keeping you compliant with regulations like GDPR and COPPA while also fulfilling your duty of care around protecting vulnerable users. Data & Privacy ISO 27001 certified Strict data deletion policies Insight and Perspectives on Voice Moderation Fraud Has a Voice (And It's Changing Fast) December 1, 2025 Pushing the Limits of Deepfake Voice Detection: How Modulate’s Latest Model Raises the Bar Sawyer S. October 30, 2025 Finding Hope Amid Rising Hate: Insights from the Eradicate Hate Global Summit Ken M. October 6, 2025 Countering the Rising Cost of Voice Fraud in Banking Mike Pappas September 30, 2025 Read more from our blog Resources Blog Newsletter Ethics Compliance About Us Team Culture Careers Data and Privacy Privacy and Data Management Privacy Policy Tufts Transparency Files Legal Copyright ©2025 Modulate