UK Home | Daily Mail Online Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV Showbiz Lifestyle Health Science Money Travel Podcasts Buyline Beauty Fashion Home and Garden Black Friday My Profile Logout Login Latest Headlines Australia Scotland Books Rewards Mail Shop Cars Property Columnists Games My Profile Logout Login UK Edition Privacy Policy Feedback Wednesday, Dec 31st 2025 9AM -2°C 12PM -2°C 5-Day Forecast Home Last updated: 00:34 GMT, 31 December 2025 Advertisement JFK's granddaughter Tatiana Schlossberg dies of cancer aged just 35, six weeks after revealing her terminal illness The Kennedy scion's death comes just six weeks after she revealed her blood cancer diagnosis. 310 1.5k comments 2 videos Woman 'is seen running along street covered in blood amid crowbar rampage': Afghan man, 20, is arrested after 'attacking five people' in hospital waiting room 'when he was refused an appointment' A woman was seen running along the street covered in blood amid a crowbar rampage in a hospital waiting room where five people were injured. 698 My once fabulous hair is now thin, frizzy and unflattering. Nothing would fix it... until I discovered this simple 'wonder' treatment that took less than an hour to work - and the results have blown me away After six years struggling with sparse hair, I was willing to give anything a go. 86 comments 1 share The simple wonder treatment I discovered to fix my thin, frizzy hair Radical US Democrat congresswoman Ilhan Omar facing probe over how her family wealth rocketed from near-nothing to $30 million in just one year Ilhan Omar's financial disclosure forms detail a shocking increase in assets, with one listing skyrocketing from only $1,000 to a maximum of $30million. 2.7k comments 2 videos 249 shares Ilhan Omar facing probe over how wealth rocketed to $30million Mel Gibson, 69, SPLITS from girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 35 Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure Heidi Klum, 50, goes topless AGAIN on festive beach break Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals secret behind her slim figure Adam Peaty's sister accused of 'betraying' her family Footballer Trent's girlfriend Estelle steals the show Mel Gibson, 69, SPLITS from girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 35 Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure Heidi Klum, 50, goes topless AGAIN on festive beach break Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals secret behind her slim figure Adam Peaty's sister accused of 'betraying' her family Footballer Trent's girlfriend Estelle steals the show Mel Gibson, 69, SPLITS from girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 35 Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure Heidi Klum, 50, goes topless AGAIN on festive beach break Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals secret behind her slim figure Adam Peaty's sister accused of 'betraying' her family Footballer Trent's girlfriend Estelle steals the show In my 50 years writing about Britain's finances, never have I been more shocked by the incompetence of a government. Labour have crippled the economy after a series of blunders and U-turns... and this is why it could get worse: ALEX BRUMMER Two growth-destroying Budgets and multiple U-turns by the Chancellor Rachel Reeves have sapped confidence and crippled investment - the keys to future growth. 32 741 comments EXCLUSIVE NIGEL FARAGE shares his New Year address with Daily Mail readers: I've never known Britain feel gloomier. Here's how Reform can give EVERY voter hope next year As 2025 draws to a close, I can't remember the country ever being gloomier. People are getting poorer. Unemployment is rising. 106 2.6k comments How to cure your sciatica for good - WITHOUT powerful drugs: Our experts reveal the simple steps and lifestyle tweaks to save yourself from the debilitating condition The day before she was due to fly to Cape Town for her grandson's wedding, Shirley Boyle was suddenly struck down with what she describes as 'the worst back pain of my life'. 27 465 comments Blind psychic Baba Vanga's prophecy reveals the exact year of humanity's 'absolute doomsday' A blind psychic not only claimed to predict the end of humanity and the universe, but also laid out a detailed timeline of how it will happen. 794 comments 18 shares Baba Vanga's prophecy reveals year of humanity's 'absolute doomsday' Princess Kate and Prince William share some of their favourite unseen photos from 2025 Princess Kate and Prince William have shared an unseen collection of their favourite photos from 2025. They picked one snap from each month of the year, and each features at least one of the Royal couple during a memorable moment. Ranging from grand set-piece events to intimate moments, the photos reflect the broad range of Kate and Williams's duties and passions. 28 388 comments 1 video All my husband wants for Christmas is for me to do one thing... in bed. DEAR JANE, it's so extreme - I'm not sure I can follow through The holidays this year are incredibly stressful for me. I just got laid off from my job, and I've been wondering how I could possibly afford a Christmas present for my husband. 59 1k comments Dr Charles Knowles is a leading surgeon, professor... and a recovering alcoholic. This is the shocking amount he was drinking at his lowest, how he stayed functional and how he finally turned his life around According to experts, functioning alcoholics are often high achievers with stressful jobs, while also suffering low self-esteem and mental health problems such as depression. 58 439 comments Mel Gibson, 69, and Rosalind Ross, 35, SPLIT  after nine years together as they vow to 'be the best parents' to their son 'Although it's sad to end this chapter in our lives, we are blessed with a beautiful son and will continue to be the best parents possible,' the former couple said in a joint statement to People. 827 comments 1 video 29 shares Mel Gibson, 69, and Rosalind Ross, 35, SPLIT after nine years together Eggs unshelled: From fried to poached... nutrition experts reveal the healthiest - and unhealthiest - ways to eat them The average Briton gets through roughly one egg every other day making them one of the nation's most popular foods-and when you think about how versatile they are, it's no surprise. 59 830 comments Petty Adam Peaty is a snake and his latest actions have revealed the real reason behind the bitter feud with his family. It's an affliction that affects so many ungrateful famous men: LIZ JONES Weddings. A time for joy, celebration, two families coming together and making memories. Or not, in the case of the marriage between Olympian Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay, daughter of celebrity chef Gordon and his wife Tana. Peaty's poor mother Caroline was 'NFI', as the kids say, to the lavish nuptials at Bath Abbey last Saturday. How cruel: we all know how parents of gifted athletes suffer, from the financial sacrifice, the early mornings, the time spent waiting by the track or pool, nurturing their little darling's career. 95 1.1k comments EXCLUSIVE Death of woman married to Jill Biden's ex-husband is 'MURDER investigation', stricken daughter says after cops were called out to 'domestic dispute' at Delaware home Linda Stevenson died aged 64 at a home in Oak Hill, Delaware. She was found in the living room when New Castle County Police officers responded to a domestic dispute call around 11.16pm Sunday. 90 comments 32 shares Death of woman married to Jill Biden's ex is 'MURDER probe': daughter I was a California girl ripped from my all-American life and forced into one of Saudi Arabian servitude. There was only one escape... but it meant risking everything For more than a decade Elise's life had been entirely dictated by the Saudi Arabian stepfather and the regime that handed him control over every aspect of her life. 324 comments 19 shares I was a California girl forced into Saudi Arabian servitude Major power outage in the Channel Tunnel throws thousands of Brits' NYE plans into chaos: Passengers stranded as Eurostar axes all services and drivers stuck in three hour queues Eurostar suspended all trains between London, Paris, Amsterdam and Brussels until further notice due to the issue which was compounded by a failed Le Shuttle train. 682 comments 1 video 36 shares Eurostar passengers warned not to travel due to major disruption Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals exactly what she eats in a day to maintain her slim figure In a new interview, Sherrie has revealed she isn't typically a breakfast fan and will often skip having a bite to eat. 44 328 comments 1 video EXCLUSIVE Anthony Joshua will spend New Year's Eve in luxury Nigerian hospital recovering from crash that killed his two friends - as police say tyre blowout caused high-speed wreck Anthony Joshua will spend New Year's Eve at one of Nigeria's best hospitals as he continues to recover from a car crash that killed two of his friends. The two-time heavyweight world champion was a passenger in a black Lexus when it ploughed into a stationary truck on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Makun, Nigeria. The deaths of two of his long-term friends - Sina Ghami and Kevin Latif Ayodele- were confirmed on Monday night, while the vehicle's other two passengers escaped unharmed. 257 comments 2 videos 22 shares Anthony Joshua to spend New Year's Eve in hospital after crash Sussex staff exodus is a sign Prince Harry and Meghan are 'unravelling at speed' - as couple lose 12th top aide Mark Borkowski, one of the UK's leading PR gurus and crisis managers, says the loss of two key aides tops off a disastrous end to 2025 for the Sussexes. 68 1.3k comments 1 video Driver 'in his 60s' shot dead by armed police after car crash had 'pointed handgun at girl before running through housing estate' Witnesses said they saw the man brandishing a gun following the collision between a car and a Mercedes van on LondonRoad in Thetford, Norfolk, at 8.25pm on Sunday. 66 683 comments The surprising sign in your eyes that indicates if you'll get dementia later in life Memory loss is the tell-tale sign that you or a loved one could be developing dementia. However, science shows your eyes could hold the first signs of the devastating disease years before diagnosis. 77 comments 19 shares The surprising sign in your eyes that indicates if you'll get dementia We should get a bank holiday for England's forgotten king, campaigners say England was first unified under King Aethelstan in 927AD, and this year marks 1,100 years since he was crowned the first king of England. 149 comments share We should get bank holiday for England's forgotten king - campaigners Frantic mother jumps off dock to rescue four-year-old girl who was trapped between CRUISE SHIP and pier in the Bahamas A heart-stopping video showed  a mom and her four-year-old being rescued after she jumped off a dock, as Carnival Cruise employees rushed in with life rafts at the ship's luxurious Bahamas getaway. 317 comments 9 shares Mom rescues girl, 4, who was trapped between CRUISE SHIP and pier I'm a food scientist... these are the seemingly healthy products that actually pose a serious risk to your health A food scientist has revealed the popular foods she avoids consuming due to the hidden dangers associated with them. 2 comments share I'm a food scientist... these products pose a risk to your health Davina McCall and Michael Douglas admit they can't wait for 2025 to end after suffering a 'hell of a year' following presenter's brain tumour and cancer diagnosis - weeks after marrying in secret Davina McCall and her husband Michael Douglas have admitted they can't wait for 2025 to end after enduring a 'hell of a year' following the presenter's brain tumour and breast cancer diagnosis. 32 comments 1 video share Davina McCall and Michael admit they can't wait for 2025 to end OUR SHOPPING PICKS View More > CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENT MORE INFO Products featured in these articles are selected by our buyline writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click here ClubMed just launched its huge New Year Sale slashing hundreds off holidays - including Marrakech, South Africa and more SHOPPING: Keen travellers looking for excellent 2026 holiday deals can make huge savings in the newly launched Club Med New Year sale. comments share Club Med's New Year Sale is your sign to plan a 2026 escape I'm shopping Knickerbox's end-of-season sale as prices drop on lingerie, loungewear, pyjamas and more SHOPPING: If the arrival of 2026 has you wanting to completely refresh your underwear and loungewear drawers then you'll want to get stuck into the unmissable Knickerbox end of season sale. comments share Knickerbox sale offers up to 50% off lingerie, loungewear and more I tested out the Harley Street Dermatologist-made skin gel that 'gets rid of blemishes quickly' and it didn't disappoint SHOPPING: The best way to combat breakouts is to stop them before they even start, and thanks to Dr Sam's new Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller, this is easier than ever. comments share Dr Sam's Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller - the secret to clear skin? How to lock in a fun-packed family holiday for 2026 without paying everything upfront - even if Christmas has wiped out your budget SHOPPING: Organised shoppers looking for a bargain can now treat the family to a fun-filled getaway at Butlin's with just a £1 deposit. comments share You can now book a 2026 holiday at Butlins with just £1 deposit The haircare deal I'd recommend to anyone wanting thicker, healthier hair in the New Year - as a beauty writer SHOPPING: As a beauty writer, I'm always sceptical of bold haircare claims, but this is one deal I'm genuinely investing in for thicker, healthier hair this new year. comments share This holy grail hair care set is majorly discounted for a limited time Do you want to sleep better in the New Year? This under-the-radar brand is offering hotel-quality mattresses at sale prices SHOPPING: There's little more important than quality sleep - it completely controls our energy and mood, so not getting enough sleep can be detrimental in all areas of life. comments share Shop the REM-Fit Winter sale and start the new year sleeping better Rimmel's new highlighter is the affordable, under-the-radar beauty buy, giving high-end brands a run for their money SHOPPING: Beauty fans are scrambling to get their hands on a new £9.99 makeup product that's said to leave skin 'fresh and healthy' - and is being hailed as a 'dupe' for Charlotte Tilbury. comments share The Rimmel highlighter beauty fans say rivals high-end brands Boots shoppers can't stop raving about this surprisingly affordable everyday fragrance that earns endless compliments - and it's now even cheaper SHOPPING: Adidas is surprising Boots shoppers with their impressive line-up of everyday fragrances that are rivalling more expensive brands. comments share Boots shoppers love this affordable everyday fragrance England footballer Trent Alexander-Arnold's model girlfriend Estelle Behnke steals the show in a thong bikini as they enjoy a winter break in Barbados Trent Alexander-Arnold's stunning girlfriend Estelle Behnke stole the show in a skimpy Goyard bikini during their romantic winter getaway in Barbados on Sunday. The injured footballer, 27, is said to be out of action for two months after suffering a hamstring injury earlier this month. Making the most of his rare downtime, the England player jetted to the stunning Caribbean island to ring in the new year. 404 comments 1 video 39 shares Trent Alexander-Arnold and his girlfriend enjoy a holiday in Barbados Are you constantly bickering with your partner? Relationship psychologist shares SEVEN questions which can steer away from conflict and quash vicious rows A relationship expert has shared seven questions which can help you better handle conflict with your partner-and potentially save ailing romantic partnerships and marriages. 26 39 comments Hunt for missing Royal Navy sailor feared to have fallen victim to 'Frankenstein' serial killer ends after four decades Simon Parkes, 18, from Bristol, was last seen drinking at the Horseshoe Pub on Main Street after the ship he was serving on, HMS Illustrious, docked in the British overseas territory in 1986. 67 comments share Four-decade long police hunt for sailor who went missing in 1986 ends Editor's Picks For You View more > ANDREW NEIL: We're on the brink of a historical turning point... and it should terrify us. The old world order has ended. We're on our own This was the year the old world order ended. The order that had defeated Nazi Germany, the greatest evil the modern world has known. 3152 comments 178 share ANDREW NEIL: The old world order has ended. We're on our own Cocaine users are everywhere at this time of year. I was an addict for a decade and my behaviour still haunts me. Here's the signs YOU'RE spending today with a secret user... by someone who really knows There are so many women like me - including fellow mothers - spiralling further into addiction, aided and abetted by the season of excess. 922 comments 17 share The signs YOU'RE spending today with a secret cocaine user Five ways to slash cholesterol by a third WITHOUT statins. DR KIRSTYN NORMAN's tweaks work in as little as three months, protect against strokes and heart attacks, are drug-free - and change her patients' lives As a doctor, I spent years caring for older patients whose lives were shaped by health problems that had quietly developed decades earlier. 300 comments 137 share Five ways to slash cholesterol by a third WITHOUT statins EXCLUSIVE The real story behind John Travolta's stunning decline: As his latest flop struggles to make even $100, insiders tell TOM LEONARD about the seedy relationship at the heart of his downfall - and what Hollywood really thinks of him behind the scenes An international criminal kingpin calls up retired master-thief Mason Goddard and makes him an offer he can't refuse. 1254 comments 86 share The real story behind the decline of John Travolta: TOM LEONARD Russia flaunts 'unstoppable' nuclear missile for first time in Belarus as WW3 fears escalate Russia released a video on Tuesday, boasting that its 'unstoppable' nuclear-capable missiles is combat ready. 905 comments 2 videos 37 shares Russia flaunts doomsday nuclear missile for first time amid WW3 fears Meghan Markle is named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by her former hometown paper Toronto Star Meghan Markle, 44, spent seven years of her life in Canada's capital city while filming hit Netflix show, Suits, before journeying across the pond with Prince Harry. 779 comments 1 video 2 shares Meghan Markle named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by Toronto BBC2 viewers praise 'brilliant and hilarious' Hercules The Bear as the unlikely true love story of a retired Scottish wrestler and the 65st grizzly he 'treated like a son' airs BBC2 viewers watched in awe at the unlikely true story of a Scottish wrestler raising a 65 stone grizzly bear he treated 'like a son'. 103 comments 1 video share BBC2 viewers praise 'brilliant and hilarious' Hercules The Bear Female cricket pundit opens up on her period comments on BBC Test Match Special: 'It should be normalised' Former female cricketer and pundit Alex Hartley has urged that women 'shouldn't be scared to talk about their periods' after being criticised for discussing the topic on BBC radio. 215 comments share Female pundit opens up on her period remarks on BBC Test Match Special Laura Woods looks healthy and happy as she celebrates Christmas with fiancée Adam Collard and their baby son Leo, 11 months, after sparking concern when she collapsed live on air Laura Woods looked healthy and happier than ever as she shared shared sweet snaps on Tuesday of her Christmas celebrations with family after collapsing on air. 44 comments 1 video share Laura Woods looks happy as she celebrates Christmas with Adam Collard Iran's Tiananmen Square moment? Image of lone protester emerges, echoing China's famous 'Tank Man', as Tehran is rocked by protests The photograph, shared widely by local media including broadcaster Iran International, shows a brave protester sitting on a Tehran street in an attempt to block armed police from riding their motorbikes down the road. The image surfaced on social media overnight after Iran was rocked by its largest protests in three years that began after the Iranian rial hit a record low against the US dollar. 139 comments 2 videos share Iran's Tiananmen Square moment? Image of lone protester emerges Topless Heidi Klum, 50, drops jaws AGAIN as she splashes around the water with husband Tom Kaulitz, 36, in St. Barths The model, 52, has been enjoying a sun-kissed getaway to St. Barths with her husband Tom Kaulitz, 36, this past week - and has been wearing next-to-nothing for part of it. 27 259 comments 2 videos Our true crime experts pick the most chilling cases of 2025 in the FREE The Crime Desk newsletter From a breakthrough in the Zodiac Killer case that has haunted the U.S. for decades to a new hope in the JonBenet Ramsey murder, here are the stories that gripped the last 12 months. 5 comments share Our experts pick the most chilling 2025 cases for The Crime Desk OUR SHOPPING PICKS View more > CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENT MORE INFO Products featured in these articles are selected by our buyline writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click here I tested out the Harley Street Dermatologist-made skin gel that 'gets rid of blemishes quickly' and it didn't disappoint SHOPPING: The best way to combat breakouts is to stop them before they even start, and thanks to Dr Sam's new Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller, this is easier than ever. comments share Dr Sam's Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller - the secret to clear skin? How to lock in a fun-packed family holiday for 2026 without paying everything upfront - even if Christmas has wiped out your budget SHOPPING: Organised shoppers looking for a bargain can now treat the family to a fun-filled getaway at Butlin's with just a £1 deposit. comments share You can now book a 2026 holiday at Butlins with just £1 deposit PEATY-RAMSAY WEDDING Adam Peaty's sister Bethany is accused of 'betraying' her family by attending her brother's wedding to Holly Ramsay Dressed in a fiery red custom gown from Victoria Beckham, Bethany Peaty, 32, made a strong statement about where her loyalties lie outside Bath Abbey on Saturday afternoon. The glam older sister of Adam Peaty was handpicked by her sibling's bride Holly Ramsay to be one of her three Maids of Honour for her lavish wedding. Walking arm in arm with the bride's sisters Tilly and Megan, Bethany beamed as she headed into the Abbey, whilst her heartbroken mother Caroline watched on 130 miles away in the Staffordshire family home, which she once shared with her estranged son and Bethany. 35 1.3k comments 1 video Adam Peaty family feud worsens as he is accused of 'brutally' uninviting his great aunt and uncle from wedding to Holly Ramsay just days before the ceremony - after they'd forked out 'hundreds' on accommodation, outfits and gifts The Olympic swimmer, 31, who said 'I do' to Holly Ramsay, 25, in a lavish wedding in Bath last weekend, is said to have revoked the invite just days before the ceremony. 407 comments share Adam Peaty is accused of uninviting great aunt and uncle from wedding The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name: Brooklyn Beckham and Adam Peaty think they're terribly modern men - but got it wrong with their grand gestures Adam Peaty and Brooklyn Beckham's affectionate decisions missed the mark, according to British etiquette expert Laura Windsor. 96 comments share The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name like Adam Peaty Ramsay GP who faked medical appointments at work so she would not be late for the afternoon school run suspended from practising for five months A family doctor who faked medical appointments at work so she would not be late for the afternoon school run has been suspended from treating patients. Dr Helen Eisenhauer, 43, feared last-minute consultations booked in by colleagues would leave her unable to collect her two children from after-school club by 6pm. 128 3.5k comments Met Office issues snow warning as New Year brings Arctic freeze that has sent temperatures plummeting to -8C The Met Office has issued a 42-hour yellow warning for heavy snow showers and gale-force winds in Scotland from 6am on New Year's Day until the end of Friday. 25 522 comments Tatler's definitive guide to being chic in 2026 - from only flying with hand luggage to drinking Coke Zero with dinner and the elegant way to lose weight From using landlines over mobile phones to having a Coke Zero at dinner and only using hand luggage when you travel, British magazine Tatler has published its guide to what is and isn't chic in 2026. 40 comments share Society magazine Tatler unveils guide to being chic in 2026 The six common 'money-saving strategies' that are leaving you worse off... and the easy habits that will actually boost your finances Many households stick to the same narrow band of familiar money-saving rituals: stocking up on 'buy one, get one free' deals, tracking every penny spent, and chasing loyalty points. 2 comments share Six 'money-saving strategies' that are actually leaving you worse off Was your flight ruined by a screaming child who caused chaos? DEAN DUNHAM reveals the steps to take to try to get your money back A Money Mail reader writes: On a recent trip to Italy, my wife and I shelled out for premium economy tickets on the plane as it was our wedding anniversary. 38 comments share Our flight was ruined by a screaming child. Can we get our money back? Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure as she holds hands with husband Manuele Thiella on a St. Barts double date with her brother Brandon, 31, and his Hollywood actress girlfriend Tessa Thompson, 42 Chloe Green looked incredible in a recent sighting as she showed off her toned frame while out on a double date with her husband, brother and his Hollywood girlfriend. The heiress, 34, flaunted her gym-honed figure in a pink and white knit co-ord, which showcased her washboard midriff during their sun-soaked outing in St. Barts. Chloe styled the Versace look, which included a £730 crop top and matching shorts which also cost £730, with strappy sandals and jewellery. 834 comments 3 shares Super-toned Chloe Green enjoys St. Barts double date Marks and Spencer launches new 20-item 'nutrient dense' range for people on fat jabs Marks and Spencers is launching a new range of 'nutrient dense' food targeted at people who have reduced appetites due to taking weight loss jabs. 76 comments 2 shares M&S launches new 20-item 'nutrient dense' range for people on fat jabs The tacky decor mistakes that stop your house from selling: Property expert reveals 10 features that will put off even the most open-minded buyers Liv Conlon, 27, from Glasgow, has built a successful career as the CEO of award-winning The Property Stagers, and knows exactly what it takes to give a home the wow factor. 303 comments 11 shares Property expert reveals decor errors that stop your house from selling Zoe Ball opens up on her 'lover' and reveals what she finds 'sexy' - weeks after confirming she's moved a mystery man into her home Zoe Ball opened up on her 'lover' and revealed what she finds 'sexy' about her partner - just weeks after confirming she's moved a mystery man into her home.  The radio host, 55, who previously referred to him as 'The Lodger' admitted what she misses about him when he's away.  While she mentioned a mystery man, it is not yet known the status of their relationship. Her last public relationship was with construction worker Michael Reed, which ended in 2023. 32 337 comments 2 videos Police find body in search for pilot who 'left suicide note' before 'dive-bombing' light aircraft into reservoir Data from FlightRadar24 suggested the aircraft made a rapid descent, losing around 1,800 feet of altitude in a matter of seconds before its final tracking signal was received. 6 comments share Police find body in search for pilot who 'dive-bombed' into reservoir Ed Miliband 'to spend billions on solar power' in scramble to meet Labour's pledge to cut energy bills - with households 'allowed to install plug-in units on balconies and patios' The Energy Secretary is expected to set out proposals next month to allocate up to £13billion over the next four years as part of the Government's warm homes plan. 2.6k comments 95 shares Ed Miliband 'to spend billions on solar power' Coronation Street's Georgia May Foote says it's been 'the worst year of my life' as she breaks silence on her divorce in emotional post The actress, 34, best known for playing Katy Armstrong in Coronation Street, took to Instagram where she reflected somberly on the year. 92 comments share Georgia May Foote breaks silence on divorce Australian cricket great Damien Martyn rushed to hospital in 'serious condition' after falling ill on Boxing Day Australian cricket great Damien Martyn has reportedly been rushed to hospital and remains in a 'serious condition' after falling ill on Boxing Day. 2 comments share Mystery as Aussie cricket great Damien Martyn rushed to hospital Car sales tycoon puts £800k land he bought for social housing that was never built on sale for £5MILLION - and blames council red tape Peter Waddell, founder of used car supermarket Big Motoring World, snapped up the disused plot in Barwick Road, Dover, with a 'cheeky bid' of £800,000 back in 2020. 176 comments share Tycoon puts land bought for social housing but never built up for £5m Luke Littler's mum calls the Ally Pally crowd 'vile t**ts' in tirade against the booing of her son - after he lashed out at fans who 'pay my prize money' The defending champion saw off his opponent 4-2 in a tricky last-16 clash and then bullishly thanked those who had jeered him for 'paying for my prize money'. 499 comments 28 shares Littler's mum calls Ally Pally crowd 'vile t**ts' after boos Comedian Dom Joly claims he had US visa application rejected after criticising Donald Trump online The Trigger Happy TV star revealed on his Times Radioguest host slot that he was 'not allowed in the US' thanks to his outspoken opinions about the country's president. 341 comments 2 shares Dom Joly claims he had visa application rejected after Trump criticism Penny Lancaster, 54, shows off her 'Hot Legs' as she and Rod Stewart, 80, treat their brood to a lavish dinner at The Ritz Penny Lancaster looked sensational as she was seen leaving the Ritz on Monday evening after treating her family to a lavish dinner at the renowned establishment.  Helped down the restaurant steps by her son Aiden, the model, 54, appeared to pay tribute to Rod Stewart's hit 'Hot Legs' as she showcased her incredible figure.  She opted for a little sparkly black dress which she paired with a brown furry jacket and black heels. 219 comments 13 shares Penny Lancaster, 54, shows off her 'Hot Legs' alongside Rod Stewart How I look better than ever at 51: After two pregnancies and a divorce, ROSIE GREEN reveals exactly what she did to swap a wobbly tummy for the best abs of her life... and why age is no barrier After two pregnancies, my tummy had a bit of wobble. I thought this was how it would be for life. 16 shares How I swapped a wobbly tummy for the best abs of my life at 51 The Daily Mail+ Power List of 50 women over 50: From stars of TV, to titans of business and extraordinary campaigners making a real difference... our definitive guide to the women who deserve all the plaudits We celebrate the incredible achievements of all those pioneering scientists, straight-talking campaigners and brilliant entertainers who are over-50 and enjoying their moment in the spotlight. 357 comments share The Daily Mail+ Power List of 50 women over 50 World's most obese man who once weighed 1,322 pounds dies aged 41 after developing kidney infection Juan Pedro Franco passed away on December 24 while receiving treatment after his condition rapidly worsened due to complications linked to a renal infection. 119 comments share World's most obese man who once weighed 1,322 pounds dies aged 41 Louis Tomlinson's sisters, 21, hit back at the 'absolutely false' assumption he buys them houses and cars and insist they get 'no financial benefit' from their multi-millionaire sibling Speaking on their latest episode of Tea With The Twins, the duo said it was 'very false' that Louis has helped them. 86 comments 1 video share Louis Tomlinson's sisters hit back at assumption he buys them things Lily James wows in skimpy swimwear as she poses on the beach in Australia and declares she's 'grateful and excited for a new year' Lily James wowed in skimpy swimwear as she took to Instagram to share stunning snaps of her trip in Australia on Tuesday.  The actress, 36, has been spending the last few weeks in Queensland to round up her busy year. Lily declared she's 'grateful and excited for the near year' as she reflected on the good times to come for 2026. 85 comments 1 video share Lily James wows in skimpy swimwear as she poses in Australia Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves second record label as she claims they 'don't have the budget' to release her debut solo album Leigh-Anne Pinnock revealed she has been dropped by her record label as they 'don't have the budget' to release her music as she shared an update on Tuesday. 152 comments 2 videos share Leigh-Anne Pinnock opens up about struggles with her debut solo album How you can retire at 50: Read our ultimate 10-step guide to boosting your pension and leaving work a decade early... and exactly what to do if retirement is still out of reach The goal for many adults is to retire at 60 or even younger. But leaving the workplace early takes planning, guts and perseverance. Fail to and you run a real risk of running out of money. 79 comments share How you can retire at 50: The 10-step guide to boosting your pension The BBC star who quit TV job for an off-grid life in the woods: Couple built 'dream' £150,000 zero carbon home which must generate its own energy and water under strict rules Former journalist Abigail Beck, 47, chose to leave her job at BBC Wales Today behind in favour of an eco-friendly country life with her husband Marcus. 110 comments share The BBC star who quit TV job for an off-grid life in the woods Mark Wright's mum Carol gives a surprising insight into his marriage to Michelle Keegan as she reveals she 'holds back' to avoid rows The former TOWIE star and Fool Me Once actress, both 38, tied the knot in 2015 in a lavish ceremony at St Mary's Church in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk. 221 comments 2 videos 31 shares Mark Wright's mum gives insight into his marriage to Michelle Keegan EastEnders fans call out embarrassing blunder during heart-wrenching scene in BBC Christmas special - but can YOU spot it? Boxing Day's episode of the BBC soap saw Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) deliver gut-wrenching news to a devastated Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). Namely, that Patrick's son Anthony (Nicholas Bailey) had been killed on Christmas Day. 82 comments 1 video share EastEnders fans call out blunder during heart-wrenching Xmas scene Popular holiday destination dubbed 'little Paris' to introduce new tourist tax in 2026 Travellers heading to this city in 2026 will be stung by a new tourist tax, despite growing backlash from the hotel industry. 65 comments share Holiday spot dubbed 'little Paris' to introduce tourist tax in 2026 How a Canadian managed to live in one of the poshest parts of London for just £80 a week Zahra Khozema owed more than £30,000 when she began an unpaid internship in London, notoriously one of the most expensive cities in the world. 50 comments share How a Canadian lived in one of London's poshest parts for £80 a week I have a constantly runny nose. What is wrong with me? DR PHILIPPA KAYE reveals the little-known condition to blame... and the worrying extra signs you can't ignore A constantly runny or blocked nose could be a sign of a serious medical condition. 72 comments 1 share Is there anything I can do to cure my never-ending runny nose? Peter Andre undergoes emergency treatment on his teeth after being kicked in the face by a fan who had 'too much to drink' Peter Andre has revealed he has had emergency treatment on his teeth after he was kicked in the face by a fan who had 'too much to drink'. 166 comments 1 video share Peter Andre gets emergency treatment after fan kicked him in the face Ugly hair-pulling brawl involving men AND women erupts at Miami Airport Police responded to the altercation just after 9pm on Monday at the airport's lower-level doors. One victim reported the altercation, but refused medical treatment. 255 comments 2 videos share Hair-pulling brawl involving men AND women erupts at Miami Airport Doctor reveals crucial steps you MUST take if you were exposed to the flu A family doctor has revealed exactly what you should do if you were exposed to the flu - as a severe variant of the illness is spreading rapidly across the United States. 74 comments 17 shares Doctor reveals steps you must take if you were exposed to the flu Pensioner who became famous for botching Spanish fresco restoration dies A Spanish woman who became famous after she botched a restoration of a painting of Jesus Christ has died. 107 comments share Pensioner who botched Spanish fresco restoration dies The best long-haul airline for 2026 revealed - and TUI makes the list A new study by travel insurance experts at MoneySuperMarket looked at a range of major long-haul airlines, such as Emirates and Aer Lingus, and scored each one out of 50. 42 comments share The best long-haul airline for 2026 revealed - and TUI makes the list Inside the longest train journey in the UK - and it cost taxpayers £22,000 a week Spanning approximately 500 miles across roughly 12 hours and 45 minutes, the Caledonian Sleeper now holds the title of the UK's longest direct rail route. 66 comments share Inside the UK's longest train journey - costing taxpayers £22k a week Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as his incredible fortune is revealed as the UK's best paid comedian Multi-millionaire Peter Kay has built up a huge property empire worth a staggering £23million.  The comedian, 52, who once worked in a bingo hall as well as a factory manufacturing loo rolls, has £36.6million in the bank, latest accounts show.  Peter's Oldham-registered property company Hussein Traders has £23.4million in investments, according to accounts filed on Monday. 37 comments 1 video 16 shares Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as fortune is revealed Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by chemotherapy as she delivers heartbreaking update on 'hard to accept' terminal cancer diagnosis The 38-year-old, who joined the BBCshow in 2018 to share her expertise in decorative arts and fine antiques, was diagnosed with aggressive grade four glioblastoma in 2022. 13 comments 1 video share Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by brain cancer chemo BBC Breakfast guest fights back tears as she receives bittersweet news in fallout from teenage son's death Ellen Roome appeared on Tuesday's (December 30) edition of the programme, after being awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours. 8 comments 1 video share BBC Breakfast guest fights tears discussing fallout from son's death Your browser does not support iframes. Kate and William's nanny is recognised by the King in New Year Honours list after 12 years of loyal service to the Waleses Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, who has played a pivotal role in the lives of Prince George, Princess Charlotteand Prince Louis, will be given the silver Royal Victorian Medal. 283 comments 10 shares Kate and William's nanny is recognised in New Year Honours list Princess Anne's future daughter-in-law Harriet Sperling commands attention in a stylish Royal-approved outfit by Kate's favourite brand after missing Christmas Day celebrations at Sandringham While she missed Christmas Day, the rave reviews this outfit received in the British fashion press were not lost on Harriet Sperling. 133 comments share Harriet Sperling wears plaid suit by Kate Middleton's favourite brand Search DON'T MISS Kris Jenner's wrinkly hands REVEALED after months of hiding them under gloves to conceal signs of aging after $100k facelift Mel Gibson, 69, and Rosalind Ross, 35, SPLIT  after nine years together as they vow to 'be the best parents' to their son Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun as she celebrates festive period in Florida with husband Brooklyn amid family feud Petty Adam Peaty is a snake and his actions reveal the real reason behind his family feud: LIZ JONES Heidi Klum, 50, goes topless AGAIN as she splashes around the water with Tom Kaulitz, 36, in St. Barths Looking good Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson team up for Song Sung Blue: How a freak accident turned a small-town tribute act into Hollywood's next big crowd pleaser Ad Feature Laura Woods looks healthy and happy as she celebrates Christmas with fiancée Adam Collard and their baby son Leo Tom Hiddleston calls becoming a parent a 'life-altering' experience after welcoming second child with fiancée Zawe Ashton Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals exactly what she eats in a day to maintain her slim figure From cordless cleaners to Premier League dreams: The unlikely story behind football's smartest partnership Ad Feature Braless Kristen Stewart is nearly unrecognizable as she steps out with wife Dylan Meyer The pair tied the knot on April 20 in Los Angeles Return of Girl Power! The young British female acts who are driving an increase in music sales It's enough to make the Spice Girls holler Scarlett Moffatt is seen for the first time since announcing she suffered a miscarriage with her fiancé Scott Dobinson The Wire star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dies at 71 after starring in multiple Spike Lee films Sad news Support when saving a life, sharing the household chores, and automatically building savings: The five best apps to help improve your 2026 Ad Feature Princess Kate and Prince William share some of their favourite unseen photos from 2025 Celebrity Apprentice: Rylan Clark cringes with embarrassment after introducing diabolical Christmas biscuit advert Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure as she holds hands with husband Manuele Thiella on double date with her brother Brandon England footballer Trent Alexander-Arnold's stunning model girlfriend Estelle Behnke steals the show in a thong bikini during a winter break in Barbados The home cleaning revolution: Smart ways to keep your house in order, without spending all weekend doing it. Ad Feature Mia McKenna-Bruce reveals she couldn't even name all four Beatles before being cast as Ringo Starr's late wife in new biopics Emily Atack is 'wanted by Disney bosses to front a reboot of Blind Date' - as show prepares to return after 22 years off air Davina McCall and Michael Douglas admit they can't wait for 2025 to end after suffering a 'hell of a year' following brain tumour diagnosis CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Hercules The Bear - A Love Story: The adorable grizzly who starred with Bond The islands are calling: These three hotels offer everything you've ever wanted in the Caribbean. So which one is right for you? Ad Feature Emily Atack strips off for an outdoor hot tub as she enjoys a festive countryside spa getaway with her son Barney, 18 months Meghan Markle is named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by her former hometown paper Toronto Star Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as his incredible fortune is revealed as the UK's best paid comedian Ashley Roberts, 44, shows off her incredibly toned figure in a mint green bikini as she soaks up the sun in Mauritius 'Work maintained my sense of self': How one woman's cancer journey inspired her company to give back Ad Feature Adam Peaty's sister Bethany is accused of 'betraying' her family by attending her brother's wedding to Holly Ramsay Outrage as Bad Bunny violates sacred artifact at museum Fans have called the singer 'ignorant' and 'privileged' Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by chemotherapy as she delivers heartbreaking update on terminal cancer diagnosis BBC2 viewers praise 'brilliant and hilarious' Hercules The Bear as true story of a retired wrestler and grizzly he 'treated like a son' airs Fairy-tale villages, castle tours and dinner at Austria's oldest winery: These enchanting river cruises will take you to the heart of each picturesque port of call you visit Ad Feature BBC Breakfast guest fights back tears as she receives bittersweet news in fallout from teenage son's death Emotional Travis Kelce's old mentor reveals why Taylor Swift will be lucky to have him as her husband Call the Midwife's Helen George fears feminism faces its biggest ever threat amid surge of support for Reform UK Adam Peaty family feud worsens as he is accused of uninviting his great aunt and uncle from wedding to Holly Ramsay just days before the ceremony Sutton Foster 'mad with jealousy' over Hugh Jackman's intense chemistry with Kate Hudson on set of new film Adam Peaty is now accused of 'uninviting Olympic swimming pal from his wedding to Holly Ramsay' Rob Reiner and wife Michele's final holiday card is delivered to close friend weeks after their brutal murders Terrible tragedy Post Malone FALLS to the floor after attempting backflip off a chair during livestream Embarrassing Comedian Dom Joly claims he had US visa application rejected after criticising Donald Trump online Awkward Maura Higgins strips to her bra as she jumps in the hot tub on a £380-a-night girls' cabin retreat in Cumbria with her pals Good times A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies strips down to string bikini and Santa hat for bracing cold dip in freezing loch Racy Country superstar Lorrie Morgan's nepo-baby son reveals he is sober after dad died of alcohol poisoning Sabrina Carpenter takes a swipe at former flame Barry Keoghan as she says 'it's been a tough year but at least I didn't get back with my ex' Mark Wright's mum Carol gives a surprising insight into his marriage to Michelle Keegan as she reveals she 'holds back' to avoid rows Angelina Jolie is 'ready for life beyond LA' as she takes big step toward FINALLY leaving America Moving on Stranger Things fans break down in tears as Netflix drops last ever trailer ahead of finale - marking the 'end of an era' Amy Schumer shares BIKINI snap before stripping down in SKIMS to flaunt jaw-dropping 50lb weight loss Slimmed down Vicky Pattison criticises 'irresponsible' Kim and Khloe Kardashian for giving each of their kids puppies for Christmas Lily James wows in skimpy swimwear as she poses on the beach in Australia and declares she's 'grateful and excited for a new year' Charlotte Crosby shows off her figure in a leopard print bikini as she enjoys a New Year's break to the Maldives after being criticised by mum-shamers Gemma Collins displays her incredible weight loss in a black and blue bikini as she shares an inspiring end-of-year message Felicity Kendal says it's 'a shame' plays require trigger warnings and blasts 'terrible' West End pricing The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name: Brooklyn Beckham and Adam Peaty think they're terribly modern men - but got it wrong Wife of Miley Cyrus' ex hilariously forces him to listen to her music because their kids 'deserve to know the classics' Paul Mescal enjoys wholesome family Christmas in Ireland as his girlfriend Gracie Abrams sends sweet message to his sister EastEnders actress Tracy-Ann Oberman accuses celebs of speaking out in support of political issues Rita Ora stuns in a fur-trim coat and chic grey look as she attends junket ahead of hosting Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Ellen DeGeneres unveils dramatic hair change after embracing gray for a year The 67-year-old revealed a new look Rob Reiner's son Jake picks up coffee order in moment of normalcy... after devastating deaths of his parents Gemma Atkinson says she's proud of her lads' mag past and admits she 'loved' posing for racy shoots Kelly Brook admits to using I'm A Celebrity as an 'audition' for Celebrity Traitors - and breaks silence on complaints she showed her 'true colours' in the jungle Peter Andre undergoes emergency treatment on his teeth after being kicked in the face by a fan who had 'too much to drink' Cardi B explodes at critics attacking her relationship with baby daddy Stefon Diggs in expletive-laden rant Tom Hiddleston hints at 'monumental' Marvel return in Avengers Doomsday as he details shedding his 'people pleaser' persona Myleene Klass, 47, shows off her incredible abs (and impressive flexibility!) as she performs a handstand up against her £140K G Wagon Katherine Schwarzenegger looks somber going makeup-free after Chris Pratt's cozy reunion with ex Anna Faris Zoe Ball opens up on her 'lover' and reveals what she finds 'sexy' - weeks after confirming she's moved a mystery man into her home 90210 star Ian Ziering accused of battery by biker in new lawsuit over 2023 roadside brawl Louis Tomlinson's sisters, 21, hit back at the assumption he buys them houses and cars and insist they get 'no financial benefit' from their sibling Sir Anthony Hopkins marks 50 years of sobriety as he advises others to 'choose life instead of the opposite' in inspirational clip Penny Lancaster, 54, shows off her 'Hot Legs' as she and Rod Stewart, 80, treat their brood to a lavish dinner at The Ritz Gemma Atkinson, 41, reveals daily workout plan to maintain her strong physique Zoe Ball, 55, reveals she's desperate to be a grandmother and says she'd have more children if she wasn't 'too old' Jessie J shares emotional tribute as she marks the seventh anniversary of the death of her bodyguard Dave Forget crash diets: This popular wellness app supports healthier habits - without calorie counting SHOPPING Holly Ramsay's bridesmaids are mocked for having wedding bouquets that resemble spring onions in 'tribute' to her celebrity chef father EXCLUSIVE Sharon Stone 'over the moon' as her eldest son Roan announces his engagement to Ukrainian beauty Jimmy Kimmel is 'spiraling' after best friend Cleto Escobedo's sudden death at 59 Oprah Winfrey reveals GLP-1 weight loss drug made her quit drinking alcohol after wild '17 shots' night Lauren Sanchez and Jeff Bezos mocked as they party with bikini-clad bottle service women in St Barts: 'They're too old for this' Chevy Chase exiled by Community co-stars 13 years after alleged on-set racism incident Made In Chelsea's Rosie Fortescue shows off her figure in white satin lingerie before enjoying a night out Cardi B hits back at NFL fans over her relationship with Patriots star Stefon Diggs Kevin Costner, 70, enjoys a night out with his daughter Lily, 39, as they step out in Aspen ahead of New Year's Eve Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves second record label as she claims they 'don't have the budget' to release her debut solo album Georgia Harrison reveals Prince William burst out laughing when she 'almost hit the deck' with her 'theatrical curtsy' when she received her MBE Little House On The Prairie stars Melissa Gilbert and Melissa Sue Anderson have emotional reunion after decades-long feud Home Improvement star Zachery Ty Bryan could face full prison sentence after admitting to violating probation X Factor legend Chico Slimani denies drink driving as he blames cough medicine for failing breathalyser test X Factor host takes withering swipe at 'dreadful and delusional' stars of Celebrity Coach Trip as he names and shames them in VERY blunt TikTok videos The Doctor's unlikely new companion: How Who's Russell T Davies, 62, hinted at new romance by introducing boyfriend Oliver Cole, 27, to the iconic TARDIS BBC Breakfast fans overjoyed as beloved host returns after months away from show - and beg for them to be permanent presenter Tyson Fury breaks his silence on Anthony Joshua's car crash - and appears to confirm his return from boxing retirement The night I was invited to a threesome with Brigitte Bardot: GLENYS ROBERTS Newlyweds Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay say goodbye to family rift as they jet off on honeymoon after drama-filled wedding JoJo Siwa, 22, shares photos of her major transformation as she reflects on her 'beautiful year' amid romance with Chris Hughes, 33 Robbie Williams, 51, shows off his buff physique in shirtless 'thirst trap' shared by adoring wife Ayda Field after detailing his body dysmorphia battle EXCLUSIVE The amount Claudia Winkleman will be paid for new talk show as insiders tell KATIE HIND of plot behind move Alice Evans steps out with her daughters as her bitter two-year divorce from their father Ioan Gruffudd nears completion EXCLUSIVE As Harry and Meghan's most loyal aide leaves, insiders tell ALISON BOSHOFF what's really going on Seeing double: How Adam Peaty looks just like wife Holly's dad Gordon Ramsay at the same age Vicky Pattison and husband Ercan Ramadan splash out on a £700-a-night London staycation to celebrate their anniversary Celebrity Escape To The Country fans NOT convinced as Angellica Bell tours properties in 'staged' BBC episode - but can YOU see why? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 38, and Jason Statham, 58, share rare snaps of their children as they splash out on a festive family break 'The mam police have been losing it': Charlotte Crosby hits out at mum-shamers after pranking her followers with hilarious snap of baby daughter Pixi on a flight to the Maldives BBC star who quit TV job for off-grid life in the woods faces losing her £150,000 'dream' home unless abiding by strict zero carbon rules 'He's got a really youthful thing going on': Mia McKenna-Bruce, 28, opens up about her on-screen romance with 'heartthrob' Matt Dillon EastEnders fans call out embarrassing blunder during heart-wrenching scene in BBC Christmas special - but can YOU spot it? Strictly Come Dancing pro Nadiya Bychkova launches acting career as leading lady in new Netflix film about ballroom rivalry and romance Adam Peaty's ex girlfriend brands his surname change 'hypocritical' after marriage to Holly Ramsay Victoria Beckham launches rare January sale on most-loved fashion items - including iconic Rolls-Royce slogan T-shirt Coronation Street's Georgia May Foote says it's been 'the worst year of my life' as she breaks silence on her divorce in emotional post Sussex staff exodus is a sign Prince Harry and Meghan are 'unravelling at speed' - as couple lose 12th top aide Arise Sir Idris: Actor is knighted for campaign against knife crime while the Lionesses lead sporting heroes in New Year's Honours Ricky Gervais says the working classes are the only people he can mock without facing backlash Keira Knightley reveals she issued her husband James Righton an ultimatum over his 'bizarre' habits and admits she had to 'train him' in their early days of dating Love Island's Wes Nelson reveals he will spend New Year's Eve undergoing surgery in hospital after suffering a pain injury Rita Ora looks chic in a brown fur coat as she arrives for Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve rehearsals before slipping into a stylish white co-ord 'They HATE each other!' gasp Celebrity Apprentice viewers as tensions boil over and star 'spits their dummy out' during fiery clash Kate and William's nanny is recognised by the King in New Year Honours list after 12 years of loyal service to the Waleses Heartwarming moment Victoria Beckham dances with her rarely-seen dad Tony Adams during Christmas celebrations without son Brooklyn The Holiday actor who escaped the 'Misfits curse' which tragically claimed the lives of his co-stars shortly after filming ended Richard Curtis' writer daughter criticises Kate Winslet's stance on nepo babies and insists people like her have to 'literally just step out the door' to follow in their parents' footsteps Dani Dyer left bloodied and battered as she's punched square in the face by MAFS star in shocking Celebrity SAS brawl Carefree Lily Allen cruises around the Cayman Islands in a £300-an-hour Jet Car as she enjoys a lavish trip with influencer Dylan Mulvaney Louise Thompson's fiancé Ryan Libbey says he went into 'survival mode' after her traumatic birth before a conversation with his dad made him realise he needed help The Chainsmokers' Drew Taggart announces he has tied the knot with model Marianne Fonseca in an intimate sunset beach ceremony Pregnant Holly Hagan hits back at troll for branding her stingy over her son's Christmas presents and fumes 'what are you expecting me to buy a two-year-old?' Harry and Meghan's new publicist is long-term ally with military past: PR guru helped set up Invictus, and was at secret royal peace summit Thomas Skinner breaks down in tears as he's reunited with Lord Sugar on Celebrity Apprentice - and receives brutal response Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins contestant 'betrayed' by producers as he's 'forced to punch female co-star' in fight Lewis Capaldi is ordered to lower 'excessively high' fence around his £1.6million Glasgow mansion John Lydon claims his Sex Pistols bandmates failed to reach out after his wife of 44 years died and says 'I expected some kind of connection' RICHARD EDEN: Doctor Who's Russell T Davies, 62, finds love again with Oliver, 27 Love Island's Molly Smith poses in a festive red bikini as she warms up in a hot tub during a romantic trip to Lapland Helen Flanagan poses in racy red lace lingerie as she shares a December round-up after scathing attack on ex Scott Sinclair for 'failing to turn up to their son's nativity' George Clooney, wife Amal and their eight-year-old twins become French citizens despite the actor admitting he's 'bad' at the language Love Island's Samie Elishi shows off her incredible figure in a bikini as she prepares to ring in 2026 in Dubai EXCLUSIVE Fears Anthony Joshua's car crash injuries are worse than first thought: Sources say Tyson Fury fight in the balance amid potential internal injuries Brooklyn Beckham calls wife Nicola Peltz his 'sweetie pie' as couple put on a united display after snubbing Holly Ramsay's wedding Maya Jama pleads for her 'abs to return' in skimpy sportswear as she heads back to the gym after indulging over Christmas with her boyfriend Ruben Dias Dakota Johnson sparks romance rumors with younger musician seven months after Chris Martin split PSYCHIC SALLY on her predictions for the royals in 2026 and why Queen Camilla may end up in hospital Why DID all of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's publicists quit? All the reasons PR gurus gave for leaving Team Sussex Alan Carr is ruled out of 'taking over as the new Strictly host as tour clash leaves BBC pinning their hopes on a new favourite' Princess Anne's future daughter-in-law Harriet Sperling commands attention in a stylish Royal-approved outfit by Kate Middleton's favourite brand Kate Middleton's signature coats - and the best high street buys to emulate her style this winter Anthony Joshua's best friends killed in Nigeria car crash: Coach and personal trainer both die in crash that put boxer in hospital Angel of the north! Little Mix star Jade Thirlwall is awarded Freedom of the Borough in her South Shields hometown Denise Richards and ex-husband Aaron Phypers evicted from LA mansion as nasty split gets even uglier 'Exhausted' Rebel Wilson shares very relatable parenting struggle over Christmas: 'How do mothers do it?' Amelia Hamlin showcases rock hard abs in bikini after going public with Guess? Inc heir Victoria Beckham and son Cruz recreate family friend Tom Cruise's iconic Risky Business dance moves As Gremlins 3 is confirmed where are the original stars? From quitting showbiz to run a shop to addiction battles and health woes Jess Glynne 'quits' Jay-Z's Roc Nation management company just 18 months after splitting from record label Holly Ramsay changes her name days after marrying Adam Peaty despite bitter family feud and a 'cruel' father of the bride wedding speech Ellie Goulding is awarded the MBE for services to biodiversity and the climate as singer is named in New Year Honours List Kym Marsh reflects on being called 'fat' in her pop star days as she opens up about turning 50 and being a young grandmother Kathy Griffin makes rare comments on how she and her parents dealt with late brother whom she called a 'pedophile' That's so Bardot! LAURA CRAIK reveals the nine ways Brigitte defined style The actress has died at the age of 91 Country singer accused of copying Beyonce's Christmas halftime show Nickelodeon star Tylor Chase was 'smoking meth' in freezing cold after he returned to the streets Worrying EXCLUSIVE Harry and Meghan's closest advisor quits as head of their charity days after Sussexes lost their eleventh publicist Brigitte Bardot will be buried by the sea in St Tropez, authorities confirm Nicola Peltz returns to social media to pay tribute to late Bridget Bardot after unleashing second 'dig' at the Beckham family Sports presenter Gabby Logan and former football boss Ann Budge included in New Year's Honours List CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV: A cocky Gladiator steals the show as The Apprentice sends itself up Was Katya Jones also snubbed from Adam Peaty's wedding to Holly Ramsay? Olympian's former Strictly partner missed ceremony Mel B and her husband, Rory McPhee enjoy a romantic trip to Lapland as they spend their first Christmas together as a married couple Ferne McCann shows off her incredible 2.5 stone weight-loss in a blue bikini as she shares inspiring comparison snaps Mumfluencer backlash at Jamie Laing for 'insensitive' post about Sophie Habboo and how she 'created a magical Christmas' Holly Ramsay pays a sweet tribute to her mother Tana by borrowing her wedding dress from 1996 nuptials to Gordon for her reception EXCLUSIVE I entered Lord Sugar's world-famous boardroom without ever being an Apprentice - and THIS is how he controls every moment of the show Holby City star Jo Martin announces the death of grand-nephew Isaiah after he lost his battle with cancer on Christmas Day Ore Oduba says he has discovered an 'abundance of love' since going public with porn addiction and the death of his sister BBC confirms Claudia Winkleman's new celebrity chat show with 'the biggest names in showbiz' hitting screens next year First trailer for Malcolm in the Middle revival sparks backlash over beloved OG character being recast The fans aren't happy Chappell Roan issues groveling apology over gushing Brigitte Bardot tribute after learning about icon's far-right activism EXCLUSIVE Rylan Clark jokes about being 'cancelled' over backlash to his This Morning immigration comments during Cinderella pantomime Heartbroken Sally Struthers is seen for the first time since shocking murder of All in the Family co-star Rob Reiner EXCLUSIVE REVEALED: Adam Peaty's 'outraged' mother's response to Gordon Ramsay's 'cruel digs' about her Pregnant Paloma Faith says leaving husband Leyman Lahcine was 'the best choice I ever made' Speaking out Diddy's sons relive disgraced mogul's downfall and seven-week sex trafficking trial in raw new docuseries Fly on the wall Desperate Housewives' Teri Hatcher looks worlds away from glam in baggy sweats on walk with daughter Low key appearance Sister Wives star Christine Brown makes disgusting revelation that she and ex Kody Brown are RELATED by blood Acclaimed actress, 48, says she plans to die by assisted suicide because she cannot overcome her mental illness Stephen Colbert reveals why he wants to 'slip into the body' of Donald Trump for one day Kelsey Grammer's daughter Greer left 'sobbing' after he said the 'meanest thing' following their 12-year estrangement Emmerdale's SECOND villain 'quits the ITV soap and has already filmed their final scenes' The star is bowing out of the long-running soap Vicky Pattison furiously hits back at a 'weak' woman who criticises her for 'making money from sex and being a drunk' Backlash at 'woke' Stranger Things as 'comically bad' penultimate episode faces barrage of bad reviews Nicola Peltz unleashes SECOND 'dig' at the Beckham family's 'behaviour' hours after claiming she 'loves  being at home' in LA Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reunite for Christmas with their kids after years of co-parenting turmoil Back together... sort of Pregnant Sophie Kasaei reveals she will discover the gender of her baby after Christmas trip to Greece with boyfriend Jordan Brooks Kate Garraway's son Billy, 16, branded her a 'monster' when she forced him to focus on his GCSEs as she admits she didn't prioritise their education Molly-Mae Hague jets to the Maldives with Tommy Fury and their daughter Bambi, 2, but vows to 'never book a night flight with a toddler again' Pregnant Holly Hagan shares a sweet message from late sister Darci in a heartwarming Christmas family gallery - two months after her tragic death from a drug overdose Laura Carmichael breaks her silence on her secret wedding to Downton Abbey co-star Michael C. Fox as she discusses finding love on set The promise Brigitte Bardot made her estranged son Nicolas-Jacques Charrier before her death after admitting she'd rather 'give birth to a dog' Dolly Parton's heartbreak revealed as insider details depth of her grief following passing of husband Carl Dean Lily Allen keeps it real as she swerves a fancy airport lounge and posts a rare snap of her daughters as they jet off on holiday Binky Felstead reveals she spent Christmas apart from her daughter India, 8, as she pines for her eldest child during a sun-soaked family break to Mexico Kim Kardashian shows off her curves in a vintage strapless silver dress from Thierry Mugler's 1986 archive as she shares more snaps from her family's lavish Christmas Eve party Stranger Things fans gasp 'how did Netflix not notice this?!' as they spot glaring wardrobe blunder in blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment from latest episode EXCLUSIVE No laughing matter: Moment comedian's bag is stolen from under her seat by brazen thieves in London restaurant A British comedian has revealed the moment her bag was stolen from underneath her feet while she was catching up with a friend in central London. Cally Beaton was sitting in a diner, enjoying a meal on Marylebone High Street, when two brazen thieves sneakily swiped her bag. The comedian shared the moment on social media to her 247k followers, claiming it was 'evidently' the men's 'signature robbing move'. Ms Beaton, whose bag was underneath her chair, had her back to the two men who carried out the bold theft during the middle of the day. 1.5k comments 1 video 27 shares Comedian's bag stolen right next to her while catching up with friend Tributes to 'always smiling' schoolboy, 14, who was tragically killed in tractor crash that left his friend seriously injured Aaron Anderson, 14, from Consett, suffered life-threatening injuries when a John Deere Gator overturned at a farm off the B6310 near Burnopfield on December 21. 13 comments share Tributes to schoolboy, 14, killed in tractor crash Holly Ramsay's bridesmaids are mocked for having wedding bouquets that resemble spring onions in 'tribute' to her celebrity chef father Online commentators have compared Holly Ramsay's bridesmaid's bouquets to a bunch of spring onions as they joked it was a homage to her famous chef father. 925 comments 1 video 4 shares Holly Ramsay's bridesmaids mocked over 'spring onion' wedding bouquets Six injured and more than 100 stranded as cable car slams into mountain station barrier 'after approaching 9,000ft summit too quickly' Around one hundred people were also left stranded following the incident, which took place at the Macugnaga cable car, in the Verbano-Cusio-Ossola region of Piedmont (stock image) 18 comments 1 video share Six injured as cable car 'slams into mountain station barrier in Italy Revealed: Places with the steepest house price rises in 2025 - does YOUR hometown make the list? The Devon port city of Plymouth recorded the steepest rise in the value of homes during the last year in the locations analysed by Lloyds, with property values rising by 12.6 per cent on average. 77 comments 1 share Revealed: Places with the steepest house price rises in 2025 Putin 'builds secret £100million palace' in occupied Crimea fitted with cryochamber, a private hospital and a gold-plated bathroom Vladimir Putin has been accused of secretly grabbing an ultra-luxury £100 million palace on the edge of a cliff in occupied Crimea - complete with a private hospital, operating theatre, cryochamber and gold-plated bathroom fittings. The sprawling complex, hidden at Cape Aya at the southern tip of the Black Sea peninsula, was originally built for ousted Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych. It has since been transformed into what investigators describe as 'a huge palace' belonging to the Russian dictator, according to an investigation by the team of 'murdered' Kremlin foe Alexei Navalny. 1.2k comments 2 videos 13 shares Putin 'builds secret £100million palace' in occupied Crimea Who Wants To Be A Millionaire contestant jailed over spread betting con ordered to pay back £4million Jeff Arundell, 75, who appeared on the hit television show in March 2000, tricked friends and family with promises of a 'risk-free' investment. 37 comments share Who Wants To Be A Millionaire star jailed and ordered to pay back £4m How Doctor Who writer Russell T Davies, 62, hinted at new romance with waiter boyfriend Oliver Cole, 27 The Doctor Who creator, 62, took to Instagram over the festive period to share a selfie of him and Oliver, 27, as he penned: 'Merry Christmas! From me & Oliver'. 106 comments 1 video 3 shares How Doctor Who's Russell T Davies, 62, hinted at new romance Our travel editor reveals the top January sales on travel must-haves you need for 2026 - from Amazon accessories to John Lewis luggage The Daily Mail's deputy travel editor Hayley Minn reveals some of the best bargains to be had in the sales. Get them now before it's too late... 4 comments share The top January sales on travel must-haves you need for 2026 We put a £2000 suitcase to the test: Stylish enough for celebrities, but will it beat airline restrictions and last you beyond one long haul flight? Sterling Pacific's 40L Cabin Travel Case is as glam as they come. Here, we've taken the case for a spin - to see if it's really worth it... 10 comments share We put a £2000 suitcase to the test - here's our honest thoughts Thieves steal £26million in cash and valuables by drilling a hole into bank's vault Robbers used a large drill to break into a German savings bank's vault room and steal cash, gold and jewellry worth some £26million. The heist in the western city of Gelsenkirchen saw the thieves break into more than 3,000 safe deposit boxes, according to police.  While the criminals remained at large, hundreds of distressed bank customers massed outside the branch on Tuesday demanding information, but were kept at bay by police. 215 comments share Thieves steal £26million by drilling a hole into bank's vault 'Insane and gripping' true crime documentary about deadly mushroom poisoning rockets up the Netflix charts as viewers tire of Christmas films An 'insane and gripping' true crime documentary has been taking Netflix by storm now that viewers have finally grown tired of Christmas films. 18 comments 1 video share 'Insane' crime doc about mushroom poisoning rockets up Netflix charts Sabrina Carpenter takes a swipe at former flame Barry Keoghan as she says 'it's been a tough year but at least I didn't get back with my ex' Sabrina Carpenter didn't hold back when referencing her relationship with ex-boyfriend Barry Keoghan and fans have picked up on the dig. 111 comments 1 video share Sabrina Carpenter takes a swipe at former flame Barry Keoghan Rob Reiner's son Jake picks up coffee order in moment of normalcy... after devastating deaths of his parents The legendary filmmaker and his wife Michele were stabbed to death at their Brentwood, Los Angeles home. Their son Nick Reiner, 32, has been charged with their murders. 120 comments 2 videos share Rob Reiner's son Jake picks up coffee order in moment of normalcy Police apologise for wrongly claiming Jewish community supported ban on Maccabi Tel Aviv fans from attending Aston Villa match West Midlands Police (WMP) Chief Constable Craig Guildford admitted there was 'no documented feedback' that British Jews wanted Maccabi Tel Aviv fans barred from a match at Aston Villa. 211 comments share Police apologise over claim Jewish community backed Maccabi fan ban Inside 'ghost' village abandoned 82 years ago to help train Nazi-killers during WWII - that opens just 12 days a year History fans can explore a perfect time capsule in Imber, Wiltshire, which was evacuated and turned into a military training area in 1943, helping to prepare soldiers ahead of D-Day and the tide turning in the war. Some 150 residents were forced out of their homes and given 47 days to evacuate under the promise that they would be able to return following World War Two. But more than 80 years later, the village is still occupied by the Ministry of Defence (MoD), with the public only allowed in for 12 days each year. 96 comments share Inside 'ghost' village abandoned 82 years ago to train WWII troops Ryanair flight descends into chaos and is swooped by police after items are 'stolen from trolley' Police entered the aircraft at Edinburgh Airport on Christmas Eve following reports of the incident - allegedly items were stolen from the trolley. 140 comments share Ryanair flight descends into chaos after items 'stolen from trolley' Forget the 12 days of Christmas, 1 in 3 now take down their decorations on Boxing Day One in three households now opt to put away the baubles as soon as the festivities are over on Boxing Day, research reveals. 242 comments 15 shares Forget 12 days of Christmas, 1 in 3 put away decorations on Boxing Day Two arrests after fatal hit and run: Pedestrian in his 80s was struck at crossing 'and carried on top of the car for more than a mile' CCTV Images released by police show two hooded men dressed in dark clothing fleeing the area on foot while one holds a yellow number plate following a fatal crash in Gillingham. 20 comments share Two arrests after fatal hit and run with pedestrian struck at crossing Disney expert who has visited the parks more than 40 times reveals what you must pack Packing for a Disney trip can feel overwhelming - what to bring? How to fit it all into your bag? Now, an expert has shared her best advice on preparing for the parks. 52 comments share Disneyland expert reveals what you must pack for your next trip Labour could slump to FOURTH in Scottish elections next year as poll finds SNP are on course for a fifth term in power A Holyrood seat projection, based on a Find Out Now survey, found the SNPare on course for 59 seats - six short of the 65 needed for a majority. 341 comments share Labour could slump to FOURTH in Scottish elections next year Dreading the New Year's Day hangover? Experts reveal the cures that really do work - and it's bad news if you usually opt for a fry-up It's the season of sore heads - but if you expect a cooked breakfast will sort you out, it's time to think again. 59 comments 1 video 8 shares Revealed: The hangover cures that really do work PSYCHIC SALLY on her predictions for the royals in 2026 and why Harry, Meghan and their children WILL return to the UK Psychic Sally reveals her predictions for the royals in 2026 and explains why Queen Camilla may even end up in hospital. She also gives her predictions for Harry and Meghan and if they will return to the UK in the New Year. 34 398 comments 1 video Children sob at Jurassic World event as they are turned away at the door after cheap tickets are oversold Families were told that a booking system error meant anyone who had bought discounted Wowcher vouchers would be refused entry. 35 comments share Children turned away from Jurassic World event after tickets oversold Lewis Capaldi is ordered to lower 'excessively high' fence around his £1.6million Glasgow mansion The award winning singer, 29, built the almost 6ft high wooden fence around his home in Glasgow for privacy and security reasons but failed to seek planning permission beforehand. 65 comments share Lewis Capaldi ordered to lower 'excessively high' fence around mansion The Amazon is shifting into a 'hypertropical state' not seen for MILLIONS of years, scientists warn This new, hotter climate could be commonplace by 2100, and will see the rainforest experience more frequent and intense droughts. 265 comments 1 video 3 shares Amazon shifting to hypertropical state not seen for MILLIONS of years It's time to ditch the dreadful big banks. This is where you should put your money and savings instead to earn four times more interest: SYLVIA MORRIS Savers are piling money into cash Isas at breakneck speed to avoid paying tax on their interest. 12 comments share It's time to ditch the big banks. Here's where you should save instead Harry and Meghan's new publicist is long-term ally with military past: PR guru helped set up Invictus, was at secret royal peace summit and wants to 'focus on couple's global status' Liam Maguire has been working with the King's son for more than a decade and was previously the Sussexes' communications director for the UK and Europe. 207 comments 13 shares Harry and Meghan's new publicist is long-term Sussex ally The activewear sales have arrived - 24 pieces that will motivate you to hit your 2026 fitness goals These are the discounted activewear pieces I'm bookmarking right now - and yes, a few are already in my basket. 1 comment share These activewear sales will motivate you to hit your fitness goals Myleene Klass, 47, shows off her incredible abs (and impressive flexibility!) as she performs a handstand up against her £140K G Wagon The TV and radio star, 47, flipped into her G Wagon, whilst looking incredible in a leather crop top and matching leggings. With her abs on show, Myleene did a backflip through the window of her luxury motor, after slipping into a pair of her Skechers trainers, who she is a brand ambassador for. 162 comments 1 video share Myleene Klass shows off her incredible abs as she performs a handstand Fraudster who conned elderly victims out of £100k by convincing them to leave bank cards outside for couriers to collect is jailed for over 6 years Abdirahman Yalahow, 29, from Walsall, West Midlands, posed as bank officials or police officers when phoning eight victims to tell them that their bank accounts had been compromised. 35 comments share Fraudster who conned OAPs out of £100k is jailed for over 6 years Rape hell of boys, girls and disabled children: Report details horrors in DR Congo where sexual violence on adolescents is 'entrenched' with 35,000 cases in nine months The scale of abuse has been described as endemic, systemic, and rapidly worsening, according to a UNICEF report released today. 127 comments share Rape hell of boys, girls and disabled children in DR Congo Ricky Gervais says the working classes are the only people he can mock without facing backlash Ricky Gervais has claimed the only people that are still 'safe' to take the mickey out of are the working class as there is less risk of backlash. 303 comments 1 video 23 shares Ricky Gervais says the working classes are the only people he can mock Christmas dinner poisoning mystery deepens amid fears Italian father may have accidentally poisoned his wife and daughter to death with rat poison-laced flour Antonella Di Ielsi, 50, and Sara Di Vita, 15, passed away within hours of each other over the weekend at Cardarelli hospital in Campobasso, days after consuming a festive meal. 76 comments 21 shares Christmas dinner poisoning mystery deepens Expect turbulence! Plans to flatten airfield to make way for 4,250 homes in Jane Austen country send pilots into spin Pilots at Popham Airfield are furious over proposals to turn their cherished land in Jane Austen country into a 'garden village'. 65 comments share Plans to flatten airfield to make way for 4,250 homes Dry January can boost your mental wellbeing, even if you don't stick to it for the full month A fresh study has revealed Dry January can boost your mental wellbeing, even if you don't fully complete the challenge. 18 comments share Dry January can boost mental wellbeing even if you don't complete it Alice Evans steps out with her daughters as her bitter two-year divorce from their father Ioan Gruffudd nears completion Alice Evans and her two daughters were seen out together after it was revealed she has one last shot to avoid a costly custody trial with her ex-husband Ioan Gruffudd. The actress, 57, stepped out with Ella, 16, and Elsie, 13, while shopping at Trader Joe in Los Angeles on Monday afternoon amid the ongoing legal battle. Earlier this month it was reported the former couple have one last shot to resolve their dispute over money and child custody - or risk a nine-day trial. 314 comments share Alice Evans steps out with her daughters as divorce nears completion Scientists are baffled to discover 26 unknown bacterial species in NASA's ultra-sanitised cleanrooms - as they warn 'stop and re-check everything' They're some of the most sterile places on Earth - but scientists have discovered dozens of new bacterial species inside NASA's cleanrooms. 41 comments 2 videos 59 shares Scientists discover 26 unknown bacterial species in NASA's cleanrooms South Korean influencer Daddoa who 'took K-beauty global' dies aged 29 leaving fans devastated Daddoa passed away on December 16. The news was announced on ChristmasDay by her agency Leferi Beauty Entertainment, which did not reveal a cause of death. 87 comments 5 shares South Korean influencer Daddoa who 'took K-beauty global' dies aged 29 Woman, 63, appears in court charged with murdering pensioner, in her 80s, on Christmas Day Stefania Glowka, 63, appeared at Swindon Magistrates' Court today accused of killing Tamara Glowka, who was in her 80s. share Woman, 63, charged with murdering pensioner on Christmas Day Romeo prisoner, 27, who had fling with prison nurse and phone sex with guard escaped custody with the help of a female getaway driver Gang member Harri Pullen (pictured), 27, had been in a relationship with jail nurse Elyse Hibbs, 27, while in HMP Parc, Bridgend, Wales. 56 comments 2 videos share Escaped prisoner had fling with prison nurse and phone sex with guard Is it safe to travel to Spain following deadly floods across holiday hotspots? Holiday hotspots in Spain have been hit by floods and severe weather in recent days, leading to deaths in some instances. 21 comments 1 video share Is it safe to travel to Spain following deadly floods? Nessie, is that you? Loch Ness Monster has been 'spotted' FIVE times this year, official records show The five sightings of the creature, nicknamed Nessie, took place across just an eight-month period. 142 comments 2 videos 27 shares Nessie, is that you? Loch Ness Monster 'spotted' FIVE times this year Anthony Joshua's miracle escape on the highway of death: One dies every day on Nigeria's most dangerous road as questions grow over how SUV smashed into stationary truck The former world heavyweight champion, 36, was rushed to hospital in the African country on Monday after the accident on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Makun. 24 comments 3 videos share Anthony Joshua's miracle escape on the highway of death Russia's Medvedev calls for Zelensky to be killed and his body put on public display following disputed claim of Ukrainian attack on Putin's residence Moscowhas claimed that Ukrainelaunched 91 long-range drones at Putin's state residence on the shores of Lake Valdai, an allegation which has been hotly denied by Kyiv. 697 comments 1 share Russia calls for Zelensky to be killed and his body put on display Follow DailyMail Subscribe Daily Mail Follow @dailymail Follow DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow Daily Mail MORE DON'T MISS Taylor Swift leaves stadium worker in tears with extraordinary act of generosity on Christmas Day EXCLUSIVE Rob Reiner's son Jake enjoys moment of peace during soothing sunset beach walk with girlfriend and sister's boyfriend two weeks after parents' double murder Anthony Joshua car crash horror: Boxer is rushed to hospital and two men travelling with him are killed after their vehicle crashed into the back of a lorry in Nigeria Erin Doherty leads gunpoint showdown and Stephen Graham returns to the boxing ring in explosive new pics from A Thousand Blows series two Eamonn Holmes, 66, treats girlfriend Katie Alexander, 43, to luxury £300-a-night Christmas getaway at holiday cottage in Harrogate Holly Ramsay's Vogue moment: Influencer will FINALLY unveil her wedding dress in a New Year's Day spread with the fashion bible Secret Lives of Mormon Wives star Jen Affleck tears up as husband Zac sweetly gifts her favorite DWTS costume Eric Dane's estranged wife Rebecca Gayheart sheds light on their 'complicated' relationship amid his ALS battle A savage father-of-the bride speech and Victoria Beckham's secret role: The 10 most surprising moments from Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding Olivia Culpo reveals she already has a storage unit full of pageant dresses for her five-month-old daughter Kelvin Fletcher's wife admits she's not his 'dream woman' as she gets real about married life on farm - revealing the area she falls short Paul Bettany says he thought his 'career was over' before landing role  in £22 billion Marvel Universe Nadia Sawalha's heartbreak as her best friend dies aged just 39: How the Loose Women star fought tirelessly to reverse a 'brutal' block on pioneering drug Take That's Netflix doc FIRST LOOK: Rarely-seen Jason Orange sends fans wild with his surprise appearance Gavin and Stacey star Mathew Horne announces his wife Celina Bassili is pregnant with their second child Angela Scanlon swipes at 'sub-standard' Thomas Skinner's performance on Celebrity Apprentice as he returns to show that shot him to fame Demi Moore, 63, twins with daughters Rumer, Scout and Tallulah as they wear matching festive pyjamas for a wholesome Christmas family snap Sophie Winkleman says she 'failed spectacularly' at banning her daughter, 12, from having a phone after she complained it was 'ruining her life' Adam Peaty changes his name after Gordon Ramsay weighed into his family feud with explosive speech at wedding to Holly Bikini-clad Ashley Roberts, 44, packs on the PDA with boyfriend George Rollinson, 26, as they enjoy a tropical break in Mauritius Love Island's Molly Smith shows off her incredible figure in a red bikini top and tartan hotpants as she and fiancé Tom Clare unveil their kitchen renovation Lady Clara Paget announces 'Christmas miracle' birth of son with model husband Oscar Tuttiett as she shares sweet name Dan Walker makes a rare appearance with wife Sarah as they attend his Strictly co-star Adam Peaty's 'unforgettable' wedding to Holly Ramsay Timothée Chalamet shares sweet childhood throwbacks as he celebrates his 30th birthday Anna Kournikova shares first photo of all four kids with Enrique Iglesias as reclusive tennis star gives rare peek into personal life Escape To The Country viewers rage 'are you kidding me BBC?!' as they share furious complaint just minutes into Christmas episode EXCLUSIVE Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen makes savage Meghan Markle dig and says the Kardashians live in an 'achingly empty tundra of beige space' Ashley Roberts shows off her incredible figure in a red bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from her Christmas in Dubai with boyfriend George Rollinson Lily Collins says she's 'feeling the love' as she celebrates Emily In Paris topping the Netflix charts and shares her 'favourite look' from season five Gordon Ramsay's explosive wedding day speech REVEALED: Celebrity chef says wife Tana 'will be a good mum' to Adam Peaty Gordon Ramsay stuns locals in a Wiltshire village shop as he pops in to stock up on essentials after daughter Holly's wedding to Adam Peaty The Crown star Erin Doherty says she's served her coffee quicker if she uses her posh Princess Anne accent compared to her normal voice As Celebrity Apprentice returns to screens the car crash moments from BBC's first ever series: From Rupert Everett quitting on day one to Piers Morgan's sensational sacking Nicola Peltz takes another swipe at the Beckhams amid ongoing feud after husband Brooklyn skipped Holly Ramsay's wedding Claudia Winkleman reveals secret moment BBC bosses step in during selection of The Traitors - and you'll never see it on screens Olivia Colman reveals she keeps her Oscar hidden behind a book on a shelf because she thinks it's 'showy offy' to have statuette on display Peep Show's Super Hans actor Matt King, 57, looks worlds away from his alter-ego as he unveils a youthful new look on the Bake Off Christmas special Big Fat Quiz Of 2025 leaves viewers 'disgusted and saddened' just minutes into broadcast - with Channel 4 urged to 'do better' Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor is pictured at wheel of brand new £75K Land Rover Defender 'he was given for free' before spending last Christmas at Royal Lodge Brigitte Bardot was the woman so alluring the term 'sex kitten' was coined for her... but she turned her back on men, movies and motherhood RICHARD EDEN: 'Hypocritical' Harry and Meghan need to stop 'exploiting' Archie and Lilibet on social media Britney Spears slams her family in Christmas post after spending holiday with one of her sons Bikini-clad Heidi Klum, 52, dries off with a towel emblazoned with toyboy husband Tom Kaulitz's FACE as they hit beach in sun-soaked St. Barths Pregnant Made In Chelsea star Tabitha Willett shows off her baby bump in a yellow bikini as she shares intimate snaps from the past few months EXCLUSIVE Claudia Winkleman reveals she has worn the same £1k Saint Laurent boots every time she picks The Traitors as they 'build tension' Hollywood bombshell who once romanced Al Pacino steps out looking unrecognizable in LA So do YOU know who she is? EXCLUSIVE Truth about Kate and William's forever home's six-mile exclusion zone. No it's nothing to do with keeping out riff raff, says royal expert DAI DAVIES... the reality is far more sinister Kate Winslet says her 'first intimate experiences' as a teen were with women in never-before-shared confession Blake Lively gives rare glimpse into home and shares holiday traditions with Ryan Reynolds and kids amid bruising Justin Baldoni lawsuit VICTORIA MOSS'S fashion verdict: A toxic drama, the Scottish Widows bride, and how Posh turned a wedding into her own catwalk Kim Kardashian gives sister Kourtney iconic prop from Pee Wee's Big Adventure as bizarre Christmas present Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding day 'overshadowed by security guards, dog patrols and mandatory wristbands' Duchess Sophie can't stop wearing paisley this winter - we've found her exact dress plus the best high street buys The British 'country-chic' brand that the Princess of Wales has quietly been wearing for 20 years Kanye West and wife Bianca Censori head to Disneyland with his children.. after Kim Kardashian celebrated Christmas with their kids Kate Bush pays tribute to antiques dealer who is feared to have drowned on Christmas Day swim and says he 'lived life to the full' Brigitte Bardot's haunting comment after influencer claimed she was dead just weeks before legendary actress passed away aged 91 John Torode and wife Lisa Faulkner's ITV show 'to be axed' despite broadcaster's vow to stand by the sacked MasterChef star Love Island couple Grace Jackson and Luca Bish spark wedding rumours a year after meeting on All Stars Distraught Nadia Sawalha pays tribute to best friend Hannah as she dies age 39 from cancer - 20 months after sharing her story on Loose Women Brooks Nader's ex-husband Billy Haire gets engaged to Southern Charm's Naomie Olindo Melanie Watson dead at 57: Diff'rent Strokes star dies after suffering severe health complications in hospital Stranger Things star Natalia Dyer puts on a leggy display in a grey skirt teamed with a faux-fur coat as she steps out in New York City Adele 'raked in a whopping £160K a WEEK in 2024' on top of her million-pound Las Vegas and Munich concerts Adam Peaty cried when Holly Ramsay walked the aisle as groom's showbiz pal says it was 'a privilege' to be at 'this amazing man's wedding' Coronation Street and Emmerdale boss Iain MacLeod reveals the future of Corriedale after soap hybrid launched over Christmas Adam Peaty's 'heartbroken' mother looks downcast as she is seen for the first time since her son got married without her Love Island's Megan Moore shares cryptic post about 'deserving better' after her split from Dejon Noel-Williams Vanessa Hudgens shares throwback thirst trap and says she 'hasn't left home' since birth of second child Looking good The biggest celebrity scandals of 2025: From P Diddy to the Coldplay kiss camera and Sydney Sweeney's 'great genes' The Traitors host Claudia Winkleman says new series has so many twists that she screamed - as BBC show prepares to return Christine Lampard bids an emotional farewell to ITV's Lorraine following her final show after being axed amid broadcaster's brutal cuts Adam Peaty's estranged brother's dark message: Olympian's sibling posts photo of himself and his disinvited mother alone outside Bath Abbey EastEnders' Melissa Suffield reveals mystery illness saw her lose three stone 'against her will' and left her 'more anxious than ever' Hollywood does the holidays in bikinis! Alessandra Ambrosio and Dua Lipa lead the stars swapping snow for sand Georgia Toffolo looks loved-up with her millionaire husband James Watt as she shares snaps from their family Christmas Married At First Sight star Rebecca Fenney proves her romance with Lily Woodham is stronger than ever as they visit Barry Island CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Death In Paradise: Swindon's not exactly paradise, but this whodunnit was still a delight Jack P. Shepherd and wife Hanni Treweek spend first Christmas together as a married couple Brigitte Bardot dies aged 91: France's original 'Sex Kitten' who found global fame with And God Created Woman before ditching acting Emmerdale's darkest villain films final scenes for ITV soap - leaving 'chaos and secrets' in their wake Making an exit Adam Peaty's Strictly Come Dancing co-star shares first glimpse inside 'unforgettable' wedding to Holly Ramsay at Bath Abbey Discovery Channel star Chad Ollinger hit with open murder charge after death of cellmate in Las Vegas jail In custody Kendall Jenner rolls up her sleeves and shows off dangerous new hobby that risks severe burns Taking a chance Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker, 50, sets pulses racing in a cut-out lace bra for sizzling social media snap Looking good Dua Lipa shows off her sparkling £25k engagement ring from fiancé Callum Turner and declares 'life just keeps getting better' The Masked Singer FIRST LOOK: Davina McCall turns back time as the newly married panelist channels pop legend Cher Ex glamour model Nicola McLean says she has 'no regrets' over bunking off school to pose in her underwear at 16 Sofia Vergara, Christie Brinkley and Lindsay Lohan lead emotional Hollywood tributes after Brigitte Bardot dies at 91 Andy Carroll shares Christmas snaps with Lou Teasdale and his family as he is 'charged with breaching non-molestation order' Former Love Island star fuels All Stars rumours after revealing he's 'single' in cryptic holiday post - weeks before spin-off begins Chevy Chase's daughter says comedian 'came back from the dead' four years ago after eight-day coma Worrying The Hairy Bikers' Si King lands first solo show since the tragic death of his beloved pal and co-star Dave Myers New venture Helen Flanagan looks picture perfect in a plunging black dress as she enjoys a girls' night out after sharing her co-parenting woes Woman's Hour? It's lost its way and lacks intellect and fun, blasts former host Dame Jenni Murray Brigitte Bardot's final social media posts show her doing what she loved best just days before her death Strictly Come Dancing star Lewis Cope is set to reunite with professional partner Katya Jones after his shock exit from BBC show Brooklyn Beckham is a Grinch as he shares photo from LA home after skipping close pal Holly Ramsay's wedding and his family Christmas The WEIRDEST celebrity relationships of 2025 from Chris Hughes and JoJo Siwa to Billy Ray Cyrus and Elizabeth Hurley and Katy Perry and Justin Trudeau Helen Flanagan brands spending Christmas without her kids 'so unnatural as a mum' amid co-parenting row with ex Scott Sinclair Carrie Fisher's daughter remembers Star Wars icon on ninth anniversary of her death Former Bachelorette star JoJo Fletcher, 35, gives health update after emergency C-section After welcoming her first child The most shocking splits of the year: From A-listers left 'blindsided' by their partners to stars who publicly sought revenge King Charles leads royals arriving for Sunday church service in Sandringham after Christmas festivities without Andrew She's Queen of New Year... but Amy idolises TV royalty Claudia Amy Irons turns a little green when comparing herself to her TV idol 'Real-life' Emily in Paris reveals what the hit Netflix show gets wrong - and what it's REALLY like in the French capital as a marketing intern Kim Kardashian shares rare portrait with all four of her children for Christmas... and no sign of ex Kanye West Wayne Lineker, 63, reveals he is out of hospital after 'seven weeks of pure hell' after battling severe pneumonia The 'rich person' clause that will benefit Beyonce and Jay-Z as A list couple build 'spectacular rural estate' in the Cotswolds Larry David reunites with sitcom icons Jerry Seinfeld and Julia Louis-Dreyfus in first sighting since Rob Reiner murder Quiet return Victoria Beckham's 'secret' role at Holly Ramsay and Adam Peaty's wedding: How fashion designer dressed most of the bridal party Brooks Nader turns heads in a cut out minidress and leopard print fur coat as she enjoys glamorous girls' ski trip The Traitors' Charlotte Chilton reveals she's back home after spending 18 days in hospital recovering from brain surgery Brigitte Bardot's complicated love life: How French acting legend's 'quest for passion' saw her embark on four marriages and affairs with Hollywood co-stars Timothée Chalamet is serenaded by new pal Susan Boyle in surprise 30th birthday tribute after he hailed BGT icon as 'one of the greatest living Brits' Rebecca Adlington says she is struggling with emotionally hard pregnancy two years after losing her daughter Harrowing reason Jim Carrey needed a TORTURE expert to endure playing The Grinch - marking the beloved Christmas film's darkest secret Nicola Roberts, 40, says 'it feels lovely to relate and be part of the pregnant lady community' after revealing she's expecting her first child Charlotte channelled Kate during Christmas at Sandringham - as young royal recreated one of her mother's most iconic looks in sweet tribute EXCLUSIVE Holly Ramsay looked radiant in her billowing ivory gown... but as the wedding party was buffeted by the freezing wind, an even icier text was winging its way to her groom Adam Peaty POLL OF THE DAY: Can Adam Peaty and his family ever reconcile after he disinvited them from his wedding to Holly Ramsay? Standout royal looks of 2025 and how to recreate them on the high street - from Kate Middleton to Meghan Markle Ana de Armas flaunts rock hard abs in skintight workout gear in LA after Tom Cruise split Liam Gallagher 'buys football legend Tony Adams' Cotswolds mansion for £4.2m' after Oasis reunion tour success Incredible moment Snoop Dogg, 54, interrupts interview to make stunning catch during his own Bowl Game Why £40million Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown is shunning Hollywood to run an animal rescue charity on a remote farm in Georgia: CAROLINE GRAHAM Kyle Walker and Lauryn Goodman enjoy night out in the same restaurant in chance encounter 18 months after their court battle Leonardo DiCaprio, 51, makes rare PDA move as he kisses Vittoria Ceretti, 27, during rainy day of shopping Gwyneth Paltrow, 53, and her daughter Apple Martin, 21, look like TWINS as they wear matching pajamas EXCLUSIVE Heidi Klum, 52, goes TOPLESS as she cosies up to husband Tom Kaulitz, 36, during beer-fuelled beach day in St. Barths Lawrence Dallaglio faces financial ruin: Bankrupt England rugby legend hit with £500,000 bill amid divorce battle and having to sell off his home The late Queen 'loved' Prince Harry but believed that her grandson was a 'maverick who had let her down', according to a royal author Home and Away stars Sophie Dillman and Patrick O'Connor announce their engagement in heartwarming post - as she showcases her eye-popping diamond ring Inside Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright's first Christmas with daughter Palma as they spend festive day with his family Anna Kournikova 'floating on air' after welcoming fourth child at 44 with Enrique Iglesias How Meghan Markle's ex-bff Jessica Mulroney's marriage to Canadian political heir and TV host Ben may have inspired Duchess to seek out a  'famous husband' Amy Poehler recalls wild airplane 'fight' with fellow passenger over swearing in front of a baby: 'My Boston came out' Scarlett Moffatt heartbreakingly reveals she suffered a miscarriage with her fiancé Scott Dobinson and says she won't have anymore children Selena Gomez goes braless for day of pampering in Beverly Hills after first Christmas with husband Benny Blanco Pretty Woman sequel 'in the works' thanks to fake AI posters as Julia Roberts and Richard Gere hold 'detailed talks with Disney bosses' Nina Dobrev shows ex-fiance Shaun White what he's missing in jaw-dropping bikini snap EXCLUSIVE Inside Ashton Kutcher's 'desperate' comeback attempt: He's been reduced to asking all his friends the same humiliating question... but finally admits 'transgressions' Dani Dyer says taking part in Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins proves 'she has big balls' and reveals her father's reaction to her signing up Jackie Kennedy and JFK's last night of love making... and the devastating realization that came the next morning Dakota Johnson flaunts insane revenge body in black sports bra and leggings after moving on from Chris Martin Gwyneth Paltrow reveals why she turned down explicit sex scene with Ethan Hawke in their film Great Expectations Dancing On Ice's Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean 'will be given damehood and knighthood in the King's New Year Honours' after five decades of skating King of the commercials! George Clooney signs lucrative deal with food delivery giant Grubhub after racking in millions from coffee and watch ads Ex-England, Liverpool and Newcastle United footballer Andy Carroll 'charged with breaching non-molestation order' TALK OF THE TOWN: Running to that bank... pop icon Kate Bush's £10.8million windfall from Stranger Things hit song Tiffany Haddish stops comedy show as she recognises woman who 'saved her life': 'Turn the lights on!' Miles Teller leaves wife Keleigh in tears as she opens the Christmas gift he remade after it was destroyed in a fire Meghan's estranged amputee father Thomas set to receive prosthetic leg and hopes to walk again Bethany Peaty joins Tilly and Megan Ramsay as bridesmaids as they stun in red satin dresses at Holly and Adam's nuptials amid feud with his family Kris Jenner, 70, looks so much younger than boyfriend Corey Gamble, 45, in rare snap after facelift... as fans mock him for 'not smiling' Did Timothee Chalamet gift Kylie Jenner $60k Cartier for Christmas? Fans swoon over dazzling haul Rhian Sugden, 39, sizzles in a skimpy crop top and bikini bottoms as she shows off the results of her breast reduction surgery Harry Styles sends fans wild with new video and unreleased song as he teases a comeback more than two years after his Love On Tour shows Maya Jama cheers on boyfriend Ruben Dias in the Man City away end at Nottingham Forest just days after celebrating Christmas with footballer Victoria's Secret model Camila Morrone won a starring role in The Night Manager after a pep talk from her stepfather Al Pacino Inside Carrie Fisher's final moments: How the Star Wars legend died just after Christmas nearly a decade ago Venus Williams reveals issue that threatened to ruin her Florida wedding to Italian partner Andrea Preti Newly-single Tina O'Brien jets off on holiday for the New Year after the loss of her father and split from ex-boyfriend Adam Fadlé Happily married! Tana Ramsay watches Gordon give their daughter Holly away to Adam Peaty during A-list wedding in Bath amid his ongoing family feud Katie Price shuts down rumours of her split from boyfriend JJ Slater as she spends Boxing Day with his family The Beckham girls steal the show! Victoria wows in stunning £1,290 satin teal dress from her own collection while Harper, 14, dons £3k Bottega handbag Adam Peaty, 30, arrives hand in hand with his son George, five, as he prepares to tie the knot with Holly Ramsay at star-studded wedding Sophie Habboo shares cosy snaps with newborn son Ziggy as she and husband Jamie Laing spend their first Christmas as parents Former EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick looks downcast in Christmas selfie after being AXED from the soap following suspension Kim Kardashian and Khloe blasted by PETA for 'ignoring the homeless animals crisis' after getting puppies for Christmas Where are Meghan and Harry's PRs now? Couple have lost 11 advisers - including some who have scrubbed all mention of their Team Sussex posts from CVs Adam Peaty's family fly Union Flag upside down as they stay hundreds of miles from wedding - in possible dig to the happy couple Nicola Peltz hits back at the Beckhams amid Brooklyn feud with pointed Christmas dig - while Victoria calls husband 'truly the best daddy' as he dances sweetly with Harper Celebrity Christmas dinners ranked from tasteful to tacky: From the Kardashians' over-the-top glam feast to J.Lo's photoshop fail Tori Spelling makes heartbreaking decision about hosting '90s party with 90210 co-star Brian Austin Green Olivia Attwood blames her Labubu obsession on her ADHD as she tries to give away her huge 48-strong collection to fans Helen Flanagan confesses she has been 'up and down' this Christmas as she shares realities of not spending the festivities with her children Call the Midwife star raced home to watch Christmas special with mum Shirtless Romeo Beckham teases new project as he shows off his tattoos in cryptic post How Danny Dyer went from 'broke and desperate' to national treasure: 10 years ago his movie career was 'straight-to-DVD' - now he's TV gold and earning millions Famed Peruvian psychics predict 'serious illness' for Donald Trump, warn of natural disasters and foresee global wars in annual New Year's fortune telling ritual Famed Peruvian psychic shamans predicted that Donald Trump will suffer a serious illness in 2026 and warned of natural disasters in a New Year's ritual. 'The United States should prepare ​itself because Donald Trump will fall seriously ill,' Juan ​de Dios Garcia proclaimed as he ​gathered with other shamans on a beach in southern Lima, wearing colorful ponchos and sprinkling ⁠flowers on the sand. The shamans carried large posters of world ​leaders, over which they crossed ‍swords, burned incense, and some of ​which they stomped on. 333 comments 56 shares Peruvian psychics predict 'serious illness'  for Trump in 2026 Got a story for Daily Mail? Contact us at: tips@dailymail.com Email Richard Curtis' writer daughter criticises Kate Winslet's stance on nepo babies and insists people like her have to 'literally just step out the door' to follow in their parents' footsteps Writer Scarlett Curtis has criticised Kate Winslet's stance that her children are not nepo babies, insisting that her own father's career has given her huge advantages in her work. 46 comments share Richard Curtis' daughter criticises Kate Winslet's nepo babies stance Santa's helper goes off track! Dramatic moment deer sparks chaos at Italian train station This is the dramatic moment a deer ran through a train station in Italy's northern city of Varese on December 28. Trains were halted after the long-antlered intruder briefly ran along the tracks before leaping onto a platform and bolting toward the exit. 28 comments 1 video share Dramatic moment deer sparks chaos at Italian train station TOP SPORT STORIES EXCLUSIVE Anthony Joshua to spend New Year's Eve in luxury Nigerian hospital recovering from crash that killed his two friends Gary Neville fumes at Ruben Amorim's tactics after Man United's draw with Wolves Amorim reverted back to his typical 3-4-3 formation Arsenal 4-1 Aston Villa: In the biggest game of the season so far, the Gunners have taken a significant psychological step towards the title Cricket legend Damien Martyn is put into a coma as he battles the killer disease meningitis in 'the fight of his life' Star rushed to hospital Anthony Joshua's mum rushes to his bedside at 'Nigeria's best hospital' as eyewitness describes crash that killed his two friends as 'sounding like a bomb was going off' Tyson Fury breaks his silence on Anthony Joshua's car crash - and appears to confirm his return from boxing retirement despite their £100m fight being thrown into doubt EXCLUSIVE Revealed: Darts star's girlfriend ATTENDS his last-16 Ally Pally clash - and kisses him during his walk-on After player's outburst Arsenal vs Aston Villa PLAYER RATINGS: Whose class shone through for the Gunners? And which defender looked ragged in the second half? Tennis legend Bjorn Borg opens up on first time he took cocaine after shedding light on drug addiction which saw him suffer two 'dangerous' overdoses after early retirement Anthony Joshua's best friends killed in Nigeria car crash: Coach and personal trainer both die in crash that put boxer in hospital Michael van Gerwen crashes OUT of World Darts Championship as he blames himself - and reveals he will return home immediately after leaving Ally Pally hotel with mystery brunette Follow us on: Back to top Company DMG Media Leadership Team This is Money Metro Newzit Mail Travel About Daily Mail Channels Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV Showbiz Lifestyle Health Science Money Travel Podcasts Buyline DailyMail+ Terms of Use Website Terms Privacy Settings Privacy Policy Subscription Terms & Conditions Do not sell or share my personal information Contributors Additional Cookie Information Get in Touch Contact us How to complain Work with us Advertise with us Daily Mail Subscriptions Help & FAQs More Sitemap RSS Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Text-Based Site Mobile Site © 2025 Associated Newspapers Limited Advertisement Advertisement