Moleskine® Official Website - Notebooks, Planners and More | Moleskine Skip to main content Skip to footer content Corporate Gifting Moleskine Foundation Change Locale Moleskine Store Locator Toggle navigation Shop Subcategories Back Shop What's new Notebooks Subcategories Back Notebooks Shop all The Legendary Notebook The Mini Notebook Charm Journals Custom and Personalized Planners Limited Editions Set Passion Notebooks Student Cahier Journal Art Collection Pro Collection Planners Subcategories Back Planners Shop all Custom Planners 12 Month Planner 15 Month Planners 18-Month Planner Weekly Planner Daily Planner Monthly Planner Undated Planner Limited Edition Planners PRO Planner Collection Spiral Planner Life Planner Collection Academic Planner Moleskine Smart Subcategories Back Moleskine Smart Shop all Smart Writing System Explore Moleskine Smart Moleskine Apps Writing Tools Subcategories Back Writing Tools Shop all Blackwing x Moleskine Kaweco x Moleskine Pens & Pencils Accessories & Refills Limited Editions Subcategories Back Limited Editions Year of the Horse Collection The Mini Notebook Charm K-Way x Moleskine Collection BLACKPINK x Moleskine Collection ISSEY MIYAKE | MOLESKINE Collection Nasa-inspired Collection Impressions of Impressionism Collection Peanuts Collection Precious & Ethical Collection City Guide Notebooks LUXE x Moleskine Casa Batlló Custom Editions Sakura Collections I Am The City Velvet Collection Silk Collection Shine Collection IZIPIZI x Moleskine Moleskine Detour Year of the Snake Collection Asian Collection 2024 Arts and Culture Subcategories Back Arts and Culture Impressions of Impressionism Collection Casa Batlló Custom Editions Van Gogh Museum Bags Subcategories Back Bags Shop all The Mini Notebook Charm Backpacks Limited Edition Backpacks Shopper paper – made Collection Device Bags Legendary Gifts Subcategories Back Gifts Gifts for Art Lovers Gifts for Professionals Gifts for Minimalists Gifts for Maximalists Gifts for Fashion Lovers Gifts for Travelers Gifts for Wellness Lovers Gifts for Hobbies Lovers Graduation Gifts Shop all Letters and Symbols Subcategories Back Letters and Symbols Country-Themed Pins Collection Patch Subcategories Back Patch Stick to Pride Stick to Joy Moleskine Smart Subcategories Back Moleskine Smart Shop all Smart Writing System Subcategories Back Smart Writing System Smart Writing System Smart Notebooks Smart Planner Explore Moleskine Smart Moleskine Apps Subcategories Back Moleskine Apps Notes Moleskine Journal Moleskine Planner Personalize Subcategories Back Personalize Custom Planners Custom Notebooks Patch Washi Tape The Mini Notebook Charm Corporate Gifting Stories The World of Moleskine Subcategories Back The World of Moleskine Moleskine Membership Our Heritage Our Manifesto The Power of Pen & Paper Sustainable Creativity Detour Moleskine Foundation Gift Guide Winter Sale Sign in Become a member Welcome offer: 10% off and free shipping on your next purchase Always-on benefit: Personalisation 2-for-1 Birthday treat: One-off discount valid for a month Advance preview: Pre-launch access Exclusive Legendary Deals: Members-only special surprises Early access to sales: Be the first to explore deals Moleskine exclusive events: Priority access just for you Extended return period: 1-month to decide Create account Welcome to the world of Moleskine Email address Email address Password Password Must be at least undefined characters long and include at least: 1 upper case, 1 lower case, 1 digit, 1 special character Show Password Forgot password? Remember me on this device (Optional) Login Forgot your Password Request to Reset Your Password Received Social Login Thanks for submitting your email address. We've sent you an email with the information needed to reset your password. The email might take a couple of minutes to reach your account. Please check your junk mail to ensure you receive it. You signed in using a social login (Google or Apple), so you don't have a password for this account. Please sign in again using the same service! Provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password. Email Email Send Sign in Join Search website Search website Close Search Search Clear search keywords Search Close Menu Change Locale Support Return Request Deliveries Payment Methods FAQ Contact Us Press to pause video Press to pause video Creativity is a renewable resource 2024 Sustainability Report Download the Report Fund a cause at no extra cost Everyone can make a difference See our 2025 impact You are more than one thing. BLACKPINK x Moleskine Collection Shop the collection Watch the video NOTE-A-NOTE ISSEY MIYAKE | MOLESKINE Shop now Watch the video An icon, in miniature. Discover the Mini Shop now Inspired by wonder Nasa-inspired Collection Shop now Capturing a feeling An impression of the Impressionists Shop now The more you write, the better it is Writing Tools Shop now Smart Writing Set It's not magic: it's Smart Shop now Show slide 0 Show slide 1 Show slide 2 Show slide 3 Show slide 4 Show slide 5 Show slide 6 Show slide 7 Show slide 8 BLACKPINK x Moleskine Collection Step into the world of BLACKPINK.  This limited edition collection captures the fearless duality of the global K-pop phenomenon—where softness meets strength, and self-expression knows no bounds. Shop the collection NOTE-A-NOTE Moleskine and MIYAKE DESIGN STUDIO partnered to celebrate timeless design and functional beauty, blending elegance and practicality. Make the business card exchange tradition your own: add notes and sketches to capture details and remember the card’s owner. Shop now An icon, in miniature. Unleash your genius, one tiny page at a time. This miniature replica of the legendary Moleskine notebook is more than a charm; it’s a statement of creative intent. Discover the Mini Nasa-inspired Collection Use it as your space to explore the infinite wonder of your imagination, uncovering inspiration every time you put pen to paper. Shop the collection An impression of the Impressionists A fresh interpretation of timeless masterpieces — an impression of the Impressionists. This collection is inspired by their expressive, rule-breaking style. Shop the collection NEW 12-Month Planners 2026 Ready to write your future? Shop Classic Planners Writing Tools More than just tools. Moleskine Writing Collections help you to capture ideas: whether you're outlining a novel, designing a concept, or collecting fleeting thoughts, they honor the powerful act of writing. Shop the collections Moleskine Smart Instantly digitise whatever you put on paper. Discover more Sakura Fleeting Beauty Shop now Quick Shop Sakura Luxury Collector's Box Two Sakura Notebooks and two Kaweco pens Quick Shop Sakura Collector's Box Two Sakura Notebooks, a Kaweco Fountain Pen and Pin Best Seller Quick Shop Sakura Gift Set 2 Sakura Notebooks & 4 Blackwing Pencils Quick Shop Sakura Pencil Set 12 Firm Blackwing Pencils with Gift Box Quick Shop Sakura Notebook Large, Ruled, Fabric Hard Cover - with Gift Box Large Ruled Quick Shop Sakura Notebook Large, Plain, Fabric Hard Cover - with Gift Box Large Plain Quick Shop Sakura Notebook Pocket, Ruled, Fabric Hard Cover - with Gift Box Pocket Ruled Quick Shop Sakura 18-Month Planner 2025-2026 Large, Weekly, Fabric Hard Cover Best Seller Quick Shop Sakura Pin 2025 Crystal Flower Moleskine Planner Organize your time and tasks Get the App Notebooks Planners Moleskine Smart Limited Editions Bags Support Support Return Request Deliveries Payment Methods FAQ Contact Us Company Company Manifesto About us Code of Ethics Sustainable creativity Sustainability Report Careers Shareholders Moleskine Foundation MyMoleskine Legal Legal General Sale Conditions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Stay connected Change Locale Back Select your Country We accept Moleskine ® is a registered trademark of Moleskine Srl a socio unico Moleskine srl a socio unico - Via Bergognone, 34 – 20144 Milano - Italia - P. IVA / CCIAA n. 07234480965 - REA MI 1945400 - Cap. Soc. €2.181.513,42 Shopping Bag Added to bag Remove Product? Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? Cancel Yes Remove Coupon? Are you sure you want to remove the following coupon from the cart? Cancel Yes Skip to main content