Momence | The home of experiences Pricing Switch to Momence Features Careers Support Log in Start free trial Pricing Switch to Momence Features Careers Support Log in Start free trial Save time. Grow revenue. The #1 platform for studios, gyms, spas, and dance schools. Put your backend admin on autopilot and get back to doing what you love most. Start free trial Book a demo Never miss a step in your customer journeys Momence was built to help you create bespoke experiences for every single one of your customers. We help automate all your manual tasks, from taking bookings, to closing new leads, to converting intros into members, to nurturing members who are at risk of cancelling. Do more of what you love with Momence. Scheduling All your class & appointment scheduling in one place. Create memberships & packs. Embed schedules on your website and utilize high-converting landing pages. Inbox One source of truth for all of your customer communication. Two-way SMS, email, and in-app messaging. Hyper-segment customer lists for efficient outreach and newsletters. Automations Create automated sequences for customer communication, client interactions, and staff task management. Convert more leads and customers into members. Point of sale Simplify your in-person sales with our comprehensive point of sale. Take payments with our contactless card reader and track retail product inventory. Staff management Efficiently oversee and control staff access with customizable permission levels. Easily generate payroll reports with our user-friendly staff management tools. Reporting Robust reporting and visualized insights into every part of your business. Stay on top of your KPIs and make informed business decisions. On-demand content Build and manage your own on-demand video library and LMS courses. Bundle access to on-demand with your membership offering. Scheduling All your class & appointment scheduling in one place. Create memberships & packs. Embed schedules on your website and utilize high-converting landing pages. Inbox One source of truth for all of your customer communication. Two-way SMS, email, and in-app messaging. Hyper-segment customer lists for efficient outreach and newsletters. Automations Create automated sequences for customer communication, client interactions, and staff task management. Convert more leads and customers into members. Point of sale Simplify your in-person sales with our comprehensive point of sale. Take payments with our contactless card reader and track retail product inventory. Staff management Efficiently oversee and control staff access with customizable permission levels, while easily generating and analyzing payroll reports with our user-friendly management tools. Reporting Robust reporting and visualized insights into every part of your business. Stay on top of your KPIs and make informed business decisions. On-demand content Build and manage your own on-demand video library and LMS courses. Bundle access to on-demand with your membership offering. Truly all-in-one Momence is versatile yet unique to your type of business: one software that consolidates multiple softwares into an easy-to-use platform. Yoga Pilates Fitness & Gyms Spin Wellness & Spa Physiotherapy & Clinics Recreation Centers Dance Schools Features Discover how Momence can be tailored to meet the unique needs of your business and help you save time, consolidate multiple softwares into one platform, and work for you as you grow your business. AI Inbox Convert inquiries into members, keep your community engaged, and automate follow-up tasks with AI-powered support, so you can focus on the work that matters most. Last-minute spot opened up on Aug 3, 11AM Spotfiller Fill empty class spots, boost revenue, and keep your members connected with effortless, automated outreach controlled by the parameters you set. Class & Appointment Scheduling An easy-to-use comprehensive booking platform that helps you take online and in-person bookings with ease. Manage all your class and appointment bookings in one platform. Create & sell memberships and packs, restrict bookings by customer level and type, seamlessly manage your staff and venues, and more. Email In-App SMS Inbox Streamline your communication by sending two-way SMS, in-app messages, beautiful emails, Instagram and Facebook DMs from one place. Sequences Our sequences functionality allows you to create and automate customer journeys by creating automations that automatically send client communication, create staff tasks, or execute logic in your account. Our sequences tool helps businesses increase their conversion rates and helps you ensure that no client falls through the cracks. Staff management, Staff roles and Instructor substitutions If you have multiple staff members, you can create multiple staff roles that grant your staff varying levels of access to your account. Automate instructor substitutions for your classes and track staff clock-ins within Momence. Newsletters & Outreach Hyper-segment your customers and create multiple customer lists for targeted outreach with promos and newsletters across all of your communication channels. Track open rates, clickthrough rates, and more. Smart notifications Stay on top of all activity that takes place in your business with our smart notifications, keeping you and your staff ready to support every one of your customers. Gift cards & Discount codes Create unlimited gift cards (physical and digital) and discount codes. Choose what items your gift cards and discount codes apply to. Let your customers create and schedule custom digital gift cards. Spot scheduling You can build custom rooms so your customers can select their spot when booking a class. Customize the look and feel of your spot selection to create a unified and branded customer booking experience. Memberships Offer any format of memberships you'd like with our robust Memberships offering: unlimited memberships, usage-limited, free trials, and more. Easily upgrade/downgrade and transfer customers between your memberships. Reporting Providing robust and easy to understand reporting is one of Momence's most important functions. Momence allows you to easily visualize your KPIs and dig deeper into your metrics using our comprehensive set of reports. Track sales on a cash-basis and earned revenue basis, run payroll reports, see intro offer conversion rates, and much more. Community posts and groups Create community groups and post content (videos, images, audios, blog posts) directly into your groups. Your group members will be able to like and comment posts, and reply to each other's comments. Foster a community amongst your customers by running challenges and posting updates into their feed. Arrivals Track arrivals with any key, barcode, or fob system (we support both manned and un-manned arrival-tracking). See logs of when people enter and exit your facility, and integrate with one of our door-access control providers to maintain control over which of your customers can unlock doors at your venue. Payments and payment plans Collect payments online and in-person, including cards and direct debit payment methods. Save payment methods on file and easily set up payment plans to charge customers over several periods for your high-ticket items. Reviews Collect reviews after classes and appointments with push notifications. Automatically push 5-star customers to leave Google reviews for your business. Embed your reviews plugin on your website to showcase real-time 5-star testimonials. yourwebsite.com Website plugins Embed your class schedules, appointment booking forms, lead collection forms, intake forms, 5-star reviews, and more directly on your website with our plug-and-play code snippets. We work with every website provider to integrate every aspect of your business performance directly with your existing website. Don't have a website? Use our auto-generated business pages. Ready-made integrations Explore our integrations with our complementary software partners. Kiosk and self check-in Allow your customers to check themselves into classes on their own using our customizable self check-in kiosk. On-demand video library & LMS courses Build your own on-demand library that you can bundle with your existing memberships, or sell as stand-alone items. Create on-demand LMS courses for teacher trainings and more. Lead collection and lead management Collect leads directly from Facebook lead ads, from your website, or in-person at your studio. Track follow-ups, lead stages, and the health of your pipeline. Mobile app Using the Momence mobile app to create a mobile-first presence for your business. The Momence app is strictly a booking app, meaning that your customers will only see your business if that is the only business they have visited. Customers cannot search for other businesses on the Momence app. The Momence app is free, though we do offer custom branded app options. Retail products & Inventory management Sell retail products and merchandise, both online and in-person in Momence. Create and print barcodes, automatically generate purchase orders, use your existing product scanner, and manage inventory across multiple locations. SOAP notes Create SOAP notes for clients attending appointments and classes. Use note templates, note duplication, note locking, and advanced permissions to allow your practitioners to stay compliant when taking SOAP notes. Recital and costume management Create recitals, automatically check for conflicts, and organize performances and acts. Allow parents of participants to see dance times and durations. Create costume intakes for semesters and track costume purchase orders to suppliers for each participant Workouts and WOTD Programming Create workout templates and workout components with unique scoring systems for each of the workouts. Schedule WOTDs and workouts across multiple programs and allow your members to seamlessly track their PRs, progress, and scoring through the mobile app. Intake forms Create custom intake forms that can be sent to clients as standalone forms or as part of specific appointment services. Automatically track client responses and build automations on top of intake forms. Simplify your software Most businesses on Momence choose us for two main reasons: we're a modern, well-designed platformed and we consolidate 3-5 softwares into one. Simplify your business operations by getting started on Momence. Start free trial AI Inbox Create unlimited gift cards (physical and digital) and discount codes. Choose what items your gift cards and discount codes apply to. Let your customers create and schedule custom digital gift cards. Last-minute spot opened up on Aug 3, 11AM Spotfiller Create unlimited gift cards (physical and digital) and discount codes. Choose what items your gift cards and discount codes apply to. Let your customers create and schedule custom digital gift cards. Class & Appointment Scheduling An easy-to-use comprehensive booking platform that helps you take online and in-person bookings with ease. Manage all your class and appointment bookings in one platform. Create & sell memberships and packs, restrict bookings by customer level and type, seamlessly manage your staff and venues, and more. Email In-App SMS Inbox Streamline your communication by sending two-way SMS, in-app messages, beautiful emails, Instagram and Facebook DMs from one place. Sequences Our sequences functionality allows you to create and automate customer journeys by creating automations that automatically send client communication, create staff tasks, or execute logic in your account. Our sequences tool helps businesses increase their conversion rates and helps you ensure that no client falls through the cracks. Staff management, Staff roles and Instructor substitutions If you have multiple staff members, you can create multiple staff roles that grant your staff varying levels of access to your account. Automate instructor substitutions for your classes and track staff clock-ins within Momence. Newsletters & Outreach Hyper-segment your customers and create multiple customer lists for targeted outreach with promos and newsletters across all of your communication channels. Track open rates, clickthrough rates, and more. Smart notifications Stay on top of all activity that takes place in your business with our smart notifications, keeping you and your staff ready to support every one of your customers. Gift cards & Discount codes Create unlimited gift cards (physical and digital) and discount codes. Choose what items your gift cards and discount codes apply to. Let your customers create and schedule custom digital gift cards. Spot scheduling You can build custom rooms so your customers can select their spot when booking a class. Customize the look and feel of your spot selection to create a unified and branded customer booking experience. Memberships Offer any format of memberships you'd like with our robust Memberships offering: unlimited memberships, usage-limited, free trials, and more. Easily upgrade/downgrade and transfer customers between your memberships. Reporting Providing robust and easy to understand reporting is one of Momence's most important functions. Momence allows you to easily visualize your KPIs and dig deeper into your metrics using our comprehensive set of reports. Track sales on a cash-basis and earned revenue basis, run payroll reports, see intro offer conversion rates, and much more. Community posts and groups Create community groups and post content (videos, images, audios, blog posts) directly into your groups. Your group members will be able to like and comment posts, and reply to each other's comments. Foster a community amongst your customers by running challenges and posting updates into their feed. Arrivals Track arrivals with any key, barcode, or fob system (we support both manned and un-manned arrival-tracking). See logs of when people enter and exit your facility, and integrate with one of our door-access control providers to maintain control over which of your customers can unlock doors at your venue. Payments and payment plans Collect payments online and in-person, including cards and direct debit payment methods. Save payment methods on file and easily set up payment plans to charge customers over several periods for your high-ticket items. Reviews Collect reviews after classes and appointments with push notifications. Automatically push 5-star customers to leave Google reviews for your business. Embed your reviews plugin on your website to showcase real-time 5-star testimonials. yourwebsite.com Website plugins Embed your class schedules, appointment booking forms, lead collection forms, intake forms, 5-star reviews, and more directly on your website with our plug-and-play code snippets. We work with every website provider to integrate every aspect of your business performance directly with your existing website. Don't have a website? Use our auto-generated business pages. Ready-made integrations Explore our integrations with our complementary software partners. Kiosk and self check-in Allow your customers to check themselves into classes on their own using our customizable self check-in kiosk. On-demand video library & LMS courses Build your own on-demand library that you can bundle with your existing memberships, or sell as stand-alone items. Create on-demand LMS courses for teacher trainings and more. Lead collection and lead management Collect leads directly from Facebook lead ads, from your website, or in-person at your studio. Track follow-ups, lead stages, and the health of your pipeline. Mobile app Using the Momence mobile app to create a mobile-first presence for your business. The Momence app is strictly a booking app, meaning that your customers will only see your business if that is the only business they have visited. Customers cannot search for other businesses on the Momence app. The Momence app is free, though we do offer custom branded app options. Retail products & Inventory management Sell retail products and merchandise, both online and in-person in Momence. Create and print barcodes, automatically generate purchase orders, use your existing product scanner, and manage inventory across multiple locations. SOAP notes Create SOAP notes for clients attending appointments and classes. Use note templates, note duplication, note locking, and advanced permissions to allow your practitioners to stay compliant when taking SOAP notes. Recital and costume management Create recitals, automatically check for conflicts, and organize performances and acts. Allow parents of participants to see dance times and durations. Create costume intakes for semesters and track costume purchase orders to suppliers for each participant. Workouts and WOTD programms Create workout templates and workout components with unique scoring systems for each of the workouts. Schedule WOTDs and workouts across multiple programs and allow your members to seamlessly track their PRs, progress, and scoring through the mobile app. Intake forms Create custom intake forms that can be sent to clients as standalone forms or as part of specific appointment services. Automatically track client responses and build automations on top of intake forms. Simplify your software Most businesses on Momence choose us for two main reasons: we're a modern, well-designed platformed and we consolidate 3-5 softwares into one. Simplify your business operations by getting started on Momence. Start free trial [ some qoute ] Momence has everything you need to run and grow your business, from scheduling to marketing to automations to reporting. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Yoga Lead Designers @Nike Excepteur sint occaecat cupidat non proident sunt in culpam qui the officia the anim id. Momence mobile app and branded apps Your customers expect your business to be mobile-first. Momence lets you have a modern and elegant mobile-first presence out of the box. Your customers can book classes and appointments, manage their bookings and user profile, message you, and more from the mobile app. The Momence app lets you send push notifications and community group messages directly from your dashboard. Optionally, we offer custom branded mobile apps. Check out the Momence app Simple pricing Unlock your custom pricing package start for free Basic Ideal for newcomers. Essential features, easy booking, secure payments Free / month Booking management Simple, secure payments 24/7 support payment rates Standard payment processing fees (see rates below) No add-ons possible, no phone number, no inbox, no retail products, no reporting/insights, no staff members, no locations. 5% on you 4% on the client Start free trial Pro Perfect for growing businesses seeking cost efficiency and value $60 / month Booking management Simple, secure payments 24/7 support payment rates Standard payment processing fees (see rates below) No add-ons possible, no phone number, no inbox, no retail products, no reporting/insights, no staff members, no locations. 2.5%  on you Start free trial Popular Custom Ultimate flexibility with all features. Tailor-made for your specific needs $199 / month Unlimited add-ons No fees on payments Dedicated support payment rates Standard payment processing fees (see rates below) No fee Start free trial Get in touch Discover how Momence boosts your business with our experts Custom pricing Unlimited add-ons No fees on payments Dedicated support Standard payment processing fees (see rates below) payment rates No fee Get in touch Payment Processing Fees by Country 🇺🇸 U.S. Processing Fees 3.9% + $0.30 for online card payments 3.7% + $0.05 for in-person card payments 1.8% for ACH Payments (direct debit) 🇬🇧 U.K. Processing Fees 2.5% + 20p for online card payments 2.4% + 10p for in-person card payments 2% + 20p for BACS (direct debit) 🇦🇺 Australia Processing Fees 2.7% + A$0.30 online card payments 2.7% + A$0.10 in-person card payments 2% + A$0.30 for BECS (direct debit) 🇨🇦 Canada Processing Fees 3.9% + C$0.30 for online card payments 3.7% + C$0.05 for in-person card payments 2% + C$0.40 for ACH Payments (direct debit) Don't see your country listed? Please get in touch with our product specialist team Have questions? Book a demo with our product specialist team to learn how our products can help you achieve your business goals. Our knowledgeable team will guide you through the entire process and answer any questions you have. Book a Demo Sign up for weekly insights Learn how to get the most out of Momence with actionable tips, feature updates, and expert guidance , delivered straight to your inbox each week. Sign up Meet our specialists Our team of product experts is dedicated to helping you get the most out of Momence and finding solutions that meet your unique business needs. ‍ Book a demo session with our specialists and get answers to your questions. Book a Demo The best time to start is now Start for free Pricing Features Careers Support Start free trial Log in Get in touch with sales Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020-2025. All rights reserved.