Connect & Secure. Collaborate. Engage with Momentum Skip to main content Skip to main navigation 877.251.5554 sales@gomomentum.com Global Coverage Support Login Solutions Momentum Menu Connect & Secure Get up to speed with global connectivity and networking solutions LEARN MORE Collaborate Enable collaboration and find your path to Microsoft Teams LEARN MORE Engage Unleash the full potential of Microsoft Teams with analytics and AI LEARN MORE Connect Global Internet Connectivity High-speed global internet wherever business takes you Global Coverage Unleash the power of Teams with Momentum’s global coverage 5G Fixed Wireless Access Deploy high-performance wireless where you need it Azure ExpressRoute Establish cloud-to-cloud connectivity to Azure SECURE SD-WAN Connect and secure your network with SD-WAN Cisco Meraki Bring cloud-optimized SD-WAN to every branch Juniper Networks Unleash your network with AI-powered SD-WAN Cato Networks The only true single-vendor SASE platform Get the secure access, performance, and visibility your business demands with SD-WAN and SASE LEARN MORE Collaborate Teams Phone Add dialtone to the world’s leading collaboration suite Cloud Voice Support team-wide collaboration on any device Teams Operator Connect The easiest and fastest way to add dialtone to Teams SIP Trunking Add on-demand scale to your communications Teams Direct Routing Make the move to Teams without sacrificing flexibility Pots Replacement Modernize your legacy phone infrastructure GCC High Enable ultra-secure collaboration for government contractors Never miss a call with automatic failover form Microsoft Teams with Zero-Click Disaster Recovery LEARN MORE Engage Teams Contact Center Turn Teams into a robust contact center Teams Call Recording Maintain compliance with compliance call recording Teams Call Analytics Collect powerful insights from your calls Microsoft Copilot Integrate AI into your workflows Teams Faxing Send and receive faxes natively in Teams Teams Texting Include SMS texting with your Teams deployment Teams Attendant Console Add intuitive call management features Messaging and SMS Add AI-powered SMS, MMS and RCS to your Teams or Webex Momentum Messaging powered by Clerk Chat AI-powered SMS, MMS, and RCS for Microsoft Teams and Webex LEARN MORE Resources Resources Get business-grade global internet connectivity LEARN MORE > Resources Explore our resources covering industry trends, and insights from our team. Downloads Access product documentation, manuals, and Momentum applications. Momentum University Learn everything you need to know about your managed cloud services. Support Get in touch with Momentum’s Enterprise and Wholesale support team. Company Company About Us Learn more about our values, mission, and commitment to our customers. Careers Interested in working for Momentum? Browse our open positions. News See the latest press coverage, company announcements, and news stories. Become a Partner Explore our channel and wholesale partner program. Global Coverage Explore Momentum’s global coverage for seamless service worldwide. Contact Have a question? Get in touch with the Momentum team today. Contact Us moving business forward Supercharge your business communications Elevate every experience with ultra-secure connectivity, collaboration, and engagement solutions powered by passionate people. Connect & secure . Collaborate . Engage . moving business forward Supercharge your business communications Elevate your customer experience with best-in-class connectivity, collaboration, and engagement solutions powered by passionate people. Connect & secure . Collaborate . Engage . Connect & Secure Unleash limitless global connectivity in any environment At Momentum, we understand that connectivity is about more than just technology—it’s about keeping you close to what business needs most. Our Global Internet connectivity ensures your business thrives with reliable, high-speed connections that span the globe, supported by real people dedicated to your success. Connectivity SD-WAN SASE Learn More collaborate Bring your teams together with Microsoft Teams Our Managed Microsoft Teams solutions bring your people closer together no matter where they are. With seamless voice, video, and chat integration augmented by powerful features such as texting, contact center, and cloud fax, your communications will be simpler and more productive than ever — all backed by a team that’s fully committed to your success. Teams Phone Operator Connect Direct Routing Discover Now Engage Enhance your data with AI-powered insights Step into the future of customer interactions with our AI customer experience solutions. We provide tools that enhance understanding and service, making every customer interaction count. Behind these technologies are passionate professionals who ensure that your business experiences and has the tools to deliver exceptional service every time. Contact Center Messaging Analytics Get Started Connect & Secure Unleash limitless global connectivity in any environment At Momentum, we understand that connectivity is about more than just technology—it’s about keeping you close to what business needs most. Our Global Internet connectivity ensures your business thrives with reliable, high-speed connections that span the globe, supported by real people dedicated to your success. Learn More collaborate Bring your teams together with Microsoft Teams Our Managed Microsoft Teams solutions bring your people closer together no matter where they are. With seamless voice, video, and chat integration augmented by powerful features such as texting, contact center, and cloud fax, your communications will be simpler and more productive than ever — all backed by a team that’s fully committed to your success. Discover Now Engage Enhance your data with AI-powered insights Step into the future of customer interactions with our AI customer experience solutions. We provide tools that enhance understanding and service, making every customer interaction count. Behind these technologies are passionate professionals who ensure that your business experiences and has the tools to deliver exceptional service every time. Get Started Connect & Secure Collaborate Engage Connect & Secure Connect & Secure Unleash high performance and secure global connectivity Keep every location, user, and application securely connected. Momentum delivers the performance, reliability, and protection your business needs to operate seamlessly, whether you’re scaling sites, moving to the cloud, or enabling hybrid work. Discover business connectivity Global Internet Connectivity SD-WAN SASE 5G Fixed Wireless Access Azure ExpressRoute Global Coverage Collaborate Collaborate Make it easy for your team to connect and collaborate Unify calling, meetings, and messaging in a single, secure experience. Our collaboration solutions make it easy for teams to stay connected, serve customers faster, and keep business moving, wherever work happens. Discover business Collaboration Teams Phone Operator Connect Direct Routing Cloud Voice SIP Trunking POTS Replacement Engage Engage Harness the full potential of Teams and Webex Turn everyday conversations into smarter customer interactions. Momentum enhances Microsoft Teams with advanced contact center, analytics, and voice capabilities to improve performance and insight across every engagement. Discover business Engagement Teams Contact Center Teams Attendant Console Teams Call Recording Messaging Teams Fax Teams Call Analytics the Momentum Difference Why partner with Momentum? We’re more than your partner in enabling connectivity and collaboration in any environment. We believe in doing the right thing. That’s why we provide our customers with high performance global connectivity, best-in-class business solutions, and a customer-centric experience to unleash your business’s full potential. INDUSTRY RECOGNITION Secure Connectivity Depend on our robust, carrier-grade global infrastructure with over 200 points of presence to keep your business running smoothly. Innovative Solutions Outpace your competition with simple, powerful, best-in-class technologies offered by a vendor with decades of experience. Customer-First Support Our team of experts is always here to support you, helping you achieve success while also ensuring you feel connected and valued. the Momentum Difference Why partner with Momentum? We’re more than your partner in enabling connectivity and collaboration in any environment. We believe in doing the right thing. That’s why we provide our customers with high performance global connectivity, best-in-class business solutions, and a customer-centric experience to unleash your business’s full potential. INDUSTRY RECOGNITION Secure Connectivity Depend on our robust, carrier-grade global infrastructure with over 200 points of presence to keep your business running smoothly. Innovative Solutions Outpace your competition with simple, powerful, best-in-class technologies offered by a vendor with decades of experience. Customer-First Support Our team of experts is always here to support you, helping you achieve success while also ensuring you feel connected and valued. + CARRIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS + MANAGED NETWORK CONNECTIONS K ENTERPRISE LOCATIONS SERVED + CARRIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS + MANAGED NETWORK CONNECTIONS k ENTERPRISE LOCATIONS SERVED microsoft teams add-ons Unlock more value from every Teams interaction Momentum Messaging powered by Clerk Chat Engage your customers at scale with AI-powered texting Turn texting into your best channel for engaging, supporting, and building customer loyalty with AI-powered SMS see it in action Zero-Click Disaster Recovery Zero-Click Disaster Recovery for Microsoft Teams Phone Never miss a call with automatic failover for Teams Phone discover now Teams Contact center Add a native contact center experience
inside Teams Flexible call flow management and routing that boosts productivity and enhances customer experiences book a demo Teams Fax Add flexible and compliant faxing to Microsoft Teams Transform Microsoft Teams into a secure, full-featured virtual fax machine FIND OUT MORE Enable Messaging powered by Clerk Chat for Microsoft Teams see it in action Zero-Click Disaster Recovery for Microsoft Teams Phone discover now Add a native contact center experience
inside Teams book a demo Add flexible and compliant faxing to Microsoft Teams FIND OUT MORE Transform Teams into a powerful contact center Equip your service teams with skill-based routing, omnichannel queues, smart workflows, and real-time dashboards. Get actionable intelligence from every call Turn voice data into insights with analytics, transcription, and dashboards to improve training and customer experience. Add messaging and AI-powered capabilities Enable SMS, MMS, and AI chat in Teams or Webex with automated, compliant, and personalized messaging. Success Story Building a phone system that's truly worth smiling about Smile Doctors partnered with Momentum to replace their outdated POTS system with a modern cloud-based UCaaS solution. The result is improved scalability, better call quality, and a stronger patient experience across hundreds of locations. See Case Study Success Story Kitsap seamlessly upgrades all branches to Microsoft Teams Phone See how Kitsap Credit Union (KCU) partnered with Momentum to successfully transition from an old legacy phone system to softphones, Microsoft Teams, and seamless cloud communications. See Case Study Success Story Transforming internal communication across hundreds of locations worldwide Discover how International Car Wash Group (ICWG) leverages Momentum’s cloud voice solution to streamline communication and collaboration across more than 890 locations in 14 countries. See Case Study Success Story How Conagra cut $2M in costs while keeping production running at full speed Conagra saved $2M a year and kept production running strong—thanks to Momentum’s faster deployments, rock-solid connectivity, and always-on support. See how they did it. See Case Study resources Discover our related resources Blog 7 trends that will shape collaboration, connectivity, and CX in 2026 Blog 11 things IT leaders need to know about compliant business texting Blog How to turn Microsoft Teams into your AI-powered business texting hub Blog 7 trends that will shape collaboration, connectivity, and CX in 2026 Blog 11 things IT leaders need to know about compliant business texting Blog How to turn Microsoft Teams into your AI-powered business texting hub VIEW RESOURCES Book a Call Power every connection, conversation, and customer experience Partner with Momentum to unify your infrastructure and simplify how work gets done. We design, deploy, and manage intelligent solutions that strengthen security, accelerate collaboration, and enhance every customer touchpoint. Get Started Linkedin-in Facebook-f X-twitter Youtube Company About Us Careers News Media Kit Events Resources Contact Us QUICK LINKS Customer Login Support Momentum University Downloads Become a Partner White Label Solutions CONNECT & SECURE CONNECT Global Internet Connectivity Global Coverage 5G Fixed Wireless Access Azure ExpressRoute SECURE SD-WAN Cisco Meraki Juniper Networks Cato Networks Collaborate Teams Phone Teams Operator Connect Teams Direct Routing GCC High Cloud Voice SIP Trunking POTS Replacement Engage Teams Contact Center Teams Attendant Console Teams Call Recording Teams Messaging & SMS Teams Faxing Teams Call Analytics Teams Copilot Company About Us Careers News Events Resources Contact Us Quick Links Customer Login Support Momentum University Downloads Connect & Secure CONNECT Global Internet Connectivity Global Coverage 5G Fixed Wireless Access Azure ExpressRoute SECURE SD-WAN Cisco Meraki Juniper Networks Cato Networks Collaborate Teams Phone Teams Operator Connect Teams Direct Routing GCC High Cloud Voice SIP Trunking POTS Replacement Engage Teams Contact Center Teams Attendant Console Teams Call Recording Teams Messaging & SMS Teams Faxing Teams Call Analytics Teams Copilot © Copyright 2025, Momentum Telecom. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Legal | Accessibility | SITE MAP Momentum Search Search Search Company About Us Careers News Media Kit Resources Momentum University Downloads Contact Us Connect & Secure CONNECT Global Internet Connectivity Global Coverage 5G Fixed Wireless Access Azure ExpressRoute SECURE SD-WAN Cisco Meraki Juniper Networks Cato Networks Collaborate Teams Phone Operator Connect Teams Direct Routing GCC High Cloud Voice SIP Trunking POTS Replacement Zero-Click Disaster Recovery Engage Teams Contact Center Teams Attendant Console Teams Call Recording Teams & Webex Messaging Teams Faxing Teams Call Analytics Copilot AI Hamburger Toggle Menu Resources Global Coverage Support Login Talk to sales: 877.251.5554 connect with us Linkedin-in Facebook-f Momentum Meeting Scheduler × Yes, I'd like to schedule Not right now Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Fill out the form below to book a meeting Name * Work email * Company name * Phone Number * Subject of meeting * Subject of meeting Global Internet Connectivity SD-WAN/SASE 5G Fixed Wireless Access Teams Phone/Operator Connect Cloud Voice/Teams & Webex Teams SMS Messaging Teams Contact Center Other Share a few meeting details * By submitting this form, you agree to our Privacy Policy * BOOK A MEETING We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience; by using our site, you acknowledge you have read and consent to our Website Privacy Policy. Continue Privacy policy