Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Home
Monash Australia
Monash Australia
Monash India
Monash Indonesia
Monash Malaysia
Monash Prato
Monash Suzhou
Monash Australia
Courses
Monash Online
Library
Donate
STAFF
Staff
Staff portal
Intranet
Workplace
The Insider
STAFF
STUDENTS
Students
Student portal
Student website
Monash Connect
Monash Online hub
STUDENTS
ALUMNI
Alumni
Alumni portal
Alumni website
ALUMNI
SEARCH
ABOUT
STUDY
RESEARCH
ENTERPRISE
INTERNATIONAL
MORE
APPLY TO STUDY
Home
CHOOSE MONASH
IN 2026
Accept your offer 
Search courses
Search
courses
FAQs
all things Monash
See all other results
Make change.

To the way you think. To the path you take.
To the lives of people all over the world.

Your student experience

Monash University is more than just a place to study.

Find a Monash course

Specialist courses and 60+ double degrees across 10 interest areas.

Generous scholarships

400+ types of scholarships that reward talent and unlock potential.

We have the momentum now to create the future we need.

At Monash, we’ve been driving change for decades—when it mattered most.

We’ve harnessed our knowledge, capability, creativity and scale to make real change, every second of every day. Today, we have the momentum to create the future we need for generations to come. There is no time to wait.

Every second marks change. Join us.

Learn more
Our lens on global current affairs

Monash Lens brings you compelling storytelling and expert commentary from our leading academics who are changing the world. Access the latest research and insights here.

Our world university rankings

We've achieved an enviable reputation for research and teaching excellence in a short 50 years and are ranked among the world's top universities.

Ranked 36th globally

2026 QS World University Rankings.

Business Administration

Ranked #3 in the world and #1 in Australia, Shanghai Ranking Global Ranking of Academic Subjects 2024.

#3
Pharmacy and pharmacology

Ranked #4 in the world and #1 in Australia, QS World University Rankings by Subject 2025.

#4
35th in the world

We rank 35th in the US News and World Report 2024-25 Best Global Universities Rankings.

STRATEGIC PLAN
Impact 2030

Monash University has the ambition and capabilities through its excellence in education and research, its record for innovation and collaboration, and its international profile to address the global challenges of our age. We encourage you to read our Strategic Plan, Impact 2030, and join our commitment to ensuring a better future for ourselves and for the communities in which we study, work, live and engage.

Find out more

 

Monash Explorer

Discover life at Monash University through the eyes of students, staff, alumni and academics.
Anytime. Anywhere.

Explore now
Latest news
Partnerships open doors for Indigenous leaders

Monash University has received a major boost to further advance Indigenous business leadership.

BUSINESS
Monash joins Victorian Government to announce expansion of Chemist Care Now program

Monash University today joined the Victorian Minister for Health, the Hon Mary-Anne Thomas, to announce the expansion of the Victorian Government’s Chemist Care Now program.

MEDICINE & HEALTH
19 December 2025
Professor Euan Wallace AM appointed Dean, Sub-Faculty of Clinical and Molecular Medicine

Monash University has announced the appointment of Professor Euan Wallace AM as Dean, Sub-Faculty of Clinical and Molecular Medicine within the Faculty of Medicine, Nursing and Health Sciences (FMNHS).

UNIVERSITY NEWS
18 December 2025
New Monash Mildura GP Academy to address rural doctor shortage

Monash University is working to address the critical shortage of general practice (GP) doctors in rural Australia, with the announcement of an enhanced training pathway allowing students to complete their training in Mildura.

MEDICINE & HEALTH
18 December 2025
Safer in school? An extra year of compulsory schooling reduced child harm: study

Compulsory schooling for 16-year-olds boosts attendance and reduces their risk of maltreatment and need for emergency healthcare, Australian research has found.

BUSINESS
View more articles
 
 
 

We acknowledge and pay respects to the Elders and Traditional Owners of the land on which our Australian campuses stand. Information for Indigenous Australians

COMMUNITY
Faculties
Locations
Diversity and inclusion
Safety and security
Sustainable development
RESOURCES
Important dates
How to apply
A-Z index
Policy Bank
FAQs
CONTACT
Contact us
Campus maps
Jobs at Monash
Recruit a student
Pay online
NEWS
Latest news
Monash Lens
Podcasts
A Different Lens
Monash Life
ON OUR SITE
Who we are
Find a course
Find a researcher
Partner with Monash
Sitemap
REGISTERED AUSTRALIAN UNIVERSITY

ABN: 12 377 614 012
TEQSA Provider ID: PRV12140

CRICOS PROVIDER NUMBER

Monash University: 00008C
Monash College: 01857J

AUTHORISED BY

Chief Marketing, Admissions and Communications Officer and Vice-President

 

Website feedback
Last updated: Dec 2025

Accessibility
Disclaimer & copyright
Terms & conditions
Data privacy & cyber security
Data Consent Settings
Copyright © 2025 Monash University

We use cookies to improve your experience, but you can choose which ones we use, and opt-out at any time. You can find more information in our Website Terms and Conditions

Accept all
Cookie settings