Mondoweiss – News & Opinion About Palestine, Israel & the U.S. Donate Now Newsletters Store Bookshop Ways to Give Instagram X (Twitter) YouTube Facebook TikTok Telegram Home News Opinion Culture Activism Media Analysis Donate Search for: Top Story News Trump reaffirms his support for another strike on Iran after meeting with Netanyahu By Michael Arria December 30, 2025 9 In comments to reporters after his meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Donald Trump reiterated his support for another strike on Iran. Latest Headlines 2025 saw the most significant political shift toward Palestinian rights in U.S. history Opinion December 31, 2025 Stunning Victories and Rising Repression: a look back at the global student movement for Palestine in 2025 Activism December 31, 2025 Trump reaffirms his support for another strike on Iran after meeting with Netanyahu News December 30, 2025 Palestine’s internal political crisis is allowing foreign powers to decide its fate Opinion December 29, 2025 Weekly Briefing: Gaza begins to rebuild itself, and the Trump administration learns it can’t easily impose its will on Palestinians Newsletters December 28, 2025 Understanding the relationship between Zionism and Fascism By Alana Lentin December 28, 2025 6 Despite the mutual admiration between Zionists and fascists, they are usually seen as separate political movements. However, when viewed through the lens of Western racism, colonialism, and imperialism, the connections become clear. The problem with Jewish advocacy for a ‘one-state solution’: Clarifying the role of Jewish anti-Zionists in dismantling Zionism By Sara Kershnar December 27, 2025 29 Jewish advocacy for a one-state solution represents a form of Zionism that centers Jews in Palestine’s future. Instead, anti-Zionist Jews must aim to accelerate the dismantling of Zionism both in Palestine and worldwide. News More in News Trump reaffirms his support for another strike on Iran after meeting with Netanyahu By Michael Arria December 30, 2025 9 In comments to reporters after his meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Donald Trump reiterated his support for another strike on Iran. One excavator, 10,000 bodies, a sea of rubble: inside Gaza’s effort to retrieve and bury its dead By Tareq S. Hajjaj December 25, 2025 29 Under the relative calm of a ceasefire, Civil Defense crews in Gaza are undertaking the monumental feat of recovering thousands of bodies still trapped under the rubble. Gazans are taking matters into their own hands by launching community reconstruction efforts By Noor Alyacoubi December 24, 2025 3 With limited resources, Palestinians in Gaza and in exile are funding community reconstruction efforts amid the absence of international aid. “We have to keep trying to help Gaza rise again,” an organizer with the Sameer Project tells Mondoweiss. Opinion More in Opinion 2025 saw the most significant political shift toward Palestinian rights in U.S. history By Mitchell Plitnick December 31, 2025 2 In 2025, there was notable momentum in both the Democratic and Republican parties toward substantive change in U.S. policy on Palestine. Palestine’s internal political crisis is allowing foreign powers to decide its fate By Qassam Muaddi December 29, 2025 8 Palestinians are in a political crisis. With Palestinian society divided, and no unified national leadership to represent it, regional and global powers are drawing up plans for the future of Gaza and Palestine – without any say from Palestinians. Understanding the relationship between Zionism and Fascism By Alana Lentin December 28, 2025 6 Despite the mutual admiration between Zionists and fascists, they are usually seen as separate political movements. However, when viewed through the lens of Western racism, colonialism, and imperialism, the connections become clear. Newsletters Subscribe Weekly Briefing: Gaza begins to rebuild itself, and the Trump administration learns it can’t easily impose its will on Palestinians By Dave Reed December 28, 2025 11 Gaza dispatches from Tareq Hajjaj, Noor Alyacoubi, and Malak Hijazi document death under the rubble, mutual aid reconstruction, and destroyed agriculture—while U.S. stories track doxxing campaigns and new legislation targeting Palestine speech. Palestine Letter: Loss and hope in every conversation in Gaza December 26, 2025 The Shift: Israel debate continues to rage on the right December 25, 2025 Weekly Briefing: Assassinations, closed borders, and the “new security reality” December 21, 2025 The Shift: Palestinian asylum seeker challenges ICE detention December 18, 2025 Activism More in Activism Stunning Victories and Rising Repression: a look back at the global student movement for Palestine in 2025 By Cameron Baillie December 31, 2025 0 In 2025, students around the world came together to challenge their schools’ complicity in the Gaza genocide. Despite heavy repression, they won major victories, including divestment and commitments to cut ties with Israeli institutions. Yalla, Yalla, Abya Yala: The history and future of Latin America’s engagement on Palestine By Maria Landi December 25, 2025 1 The people of the world, especially those in the Global South, must move beyond symbolic support to take concrete actions, such as grassroots organizing, BDS, and South–South solidarity, to end Israel’s settler-colonial project. ‘What is the Christian word in the face of genocide?’: new Kairos Palestine document calls for repudiation of Zionism By Jeff Wright December 20, 2025 11 “What is happening [in Palestine] today is the true face of Zionist ideology . . . turning Palestinian existence into an unbearable hell,” declares the recently released Kairos Palestine document, “A Moment of Truth: Faith in a Time of Genocide.” Media Analysis More in Media Analysis The New York Times ignores an essential part of the Jeffrey Epstein story — Israel By Philip Weiss December 19, 2025 18 The New York Times has published a major exposé purporting to explain how Jeffrey Epstein rose to the top of the financial and political world, but it ignores one key topic: Israel. On ‘Junk Food News’ and Genocide: What the controversy surrounding the Snow White stars revealed about corporate media By Reagan Haynie , Shealeigh Voitl and Sierra Kaul November 30, 2025 43 The media coverage of the Snow White remake starring Gal Gadot and Rachel Zegler showed how Hollywood and the corporate media serve as extensions of wider political and ideological conflicts—including efforts to silence support for Palestine. Why writers must boycott the New York Times By Writers Against the War on Gaza November 8, 2025 8 The New York Times is the paper of record and has played a key role in enabling the Gaza genocide. To hold the newspaper accountable, we must sever our ties —not only as subscribers or advertisers, but also as writers who lend the paper legitimacy. Culture More in Culture Book Review: The weight of witnessing By Shatha Mahmoud December 6, 2025 2 Wasim Said’s “Witness to the Hellfire of Genocide: A Testimony from Gaza” documents a genocide that continues to unfold. It is a record of what the world allowed to happen, and what the world will continue to allow unless we stop it. How Zionism was sold to the world By Eleanor J. Bader November 29, 2025 63 Harriet Malinowitz’s new book, “Selling Israel: Zionism, Propaganda, and the Uses of Hasbara,” reveals how Israeli propaganda and public relations promoted Zionism while concealing Palestinian oppression and dispossession. Book Review: Charting Judaism’s moral crossroads at the Gaza genocide By Mark Braverman November 16, 2025 4 “Thou Shalt Not Stand Idly By: Jews of Conscience on Palestine” gathers over a century of Jewish voices opposing Zionism. The moral clarity of its contributors is more needed than ever as the self-proclaimed Jewish state commits a genocide in Gaza. Donate Ways to Give Store Bookshop Newsletters Podcast Videos Archives 100 Recent Comments About Policies Advertising Submissions Guide Republishing Jobs Contact Login Follow us on social media X (Twitter) / Instagram / YouTube / Facebook / TikTok / Telegram / Mastodon / Bluesky / WhatsApp / Flipboard © 2025 Mondoweiss. All rights reserved. Top Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.