Le Monde diplomatique - English edition December 2025 Subscribe Donate en | fr | + Sign in Search: Real journalism — making sense of the world around us Home Current issue Past issues Archive Maps Blog Podcast Follow us About Rwanda fast-tracks development through sport Michael Pauron , 
			December 2025 Rwanda, ranked 159th on the UN’s development index and heavily reliant on foreign aid, pours huge sums into sport as a growth strategy. Despite criticism, the government says it’s starting to pay off. → ‘Narco-trafficking’ is a useful term Laurent Bonelli , 
			November 2025 The US has seized a Venezuelan oil tanker, under the pretext it was part of ‘an illicit oil-shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organisations’. This move, which Caracas calls an act of (…) → China’s great green leap forward Arnaud Bertrand , 
			December 2025 Both superpowers put sovereignty ahead of emissions cuts. While the US is still backing fossil fuels, China is pushing ahead with renewables – and building a vast export engine in the process. → What is a good peace? Jean-Arnault Dérens , 
			December 2025 The breakup of former Yugoslavia produced many models for peace. But lasting peace needs more. → Portugal’s far right sounds a warning note Sandra Monteiro , 
			May 2024 On 11 December, transport, schools and some public services ground to a halt in Portugal, as a result of a general (…) → December: the longer view December 2025 Current issue: December 2025 …Even in the US , patience with Israel is wearing thin; Syria ’s new leaders keep Russia in play; Ecuador , back in the US orbit ; lessons of former Yugoslavia ’s breakup; China ’s great green leap forward; China , how cut-throat competition harms the economy; ‘land of happiness’ Bhutan goes for growth; new age of strategic nuclear piracy ? NEOM, Saudi Arabia ‘s ambitious megaproject falters; sport , Rwanda ’s key growth strategy… India’s tight grip on Bhutan Hélène Ferrarini , 
			December 2025 Colombia’s deadly export industry Hernando Calvo Ospina , 
			February 2024 Is this the age of strategic nuclear piracy? Jean-Marie Collin , 
			December 2025 Mindfulness City H. F. , 
			December 2025 Chile: in search of a consensus for reform Victor de La Fuente & Libio Pérez , 
			February 2025 In China, time to face up to the cost of ‘involution’ Nathan Sperber , 
			December 2025 President Xi warns that cut-throat, self-defeating competition is weakening his country’s economy even as productivity and exports rise. Beijing now sees curbing this dynamic as essential. → Saudi’s futuristic megaproject hits reality Lise Triolet , 
			December 2025 The boldest part of Saudi Arabia’s hugely ambitious Vision 2030 is NEOM, a $500bn megaproject in the desert. But is it a symbol of a nation ready to embrace change, or of one man’s vanity? → Syria’s new leaders keep Russia in play Igor Delanoë , 
			December 2025 A Mediterranean presence is vital for Russia’s military, and the new Damascus government knows it cannot steady the country without Moscow. Renegotiating the future of its two bases won’t be easy, though. → Changing plans for dividing Bosnia-Herzegovina Cécile Marin, December 2025 The strategic Galápagos islands Cécile Marin, December 2025 Ecuador, firmly back in the US orbit Vincent Ortiz , 
			December 2025 Syria’s new leaders keep Russia in play I. D. , 
			December 2025 A Mediterranean presence is vital for Russia’s military, and the new Damascus government knows it cannot steady the country without Moscow. Renegotiating the future of its two bases won’t be easy, (…) → Is Sudan still a state? Gérard Prunier , 
			March 2024 After an 18-month siege, El Fashir, the capital of North Darfur, fell to the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) last week. Images from the scene tell of massacres, torture and the execution of civilians in a region already (…) → The new media weapons of war Benoît Bréville , 
			December 2025 Walking tall again Annie Ernaux , 
			February 2023 Great social movements are never satisfied with just making demands. They seize hold of their participants and transform them. This was Annie Ernaux’s experience during the November-December 1995 general strikes in France. → Mental illness: symptom of a broken world December 2025 ‘Workers returning home’ (1913-15) by Edvard Munch.

 In the Middle Ages, madmen, or fools, were made to wear costumes: a bell-trimmed hood and (…) → Is the United States’ patience with Israel running out? Serge Halimi , 
			December 2025 Why can Rwanda seemingly do no wrong? Erik Kennes & Nina Wilén , 
			March 2025 The Rwanda-backed M23 rebels have taken the DRC’s eastern cities, and the region’s humanitarian crisis is dire. Why has the West been reluctant to go beyond formulaic criticism of the Rwandan (…) → The dangerous illusion Peter Mertens , 
			June 2025 Belgians are striking for three days from 24-26 November, in protest against the ‘Arizona’ coalition’s plans to cut public spending while significantly increasing the defence budget. (The ruling coalition (…) → Bhutan: land of happiness? H. F. , 
			December 2025 Spain: from Francoism to feminist revolution From the darkness of the Francoist era to the lively feminist protests of the present day, Spain has undergone a radical metamorphosis. The country’s democratic transition did not come as a result of the collapse of Francisco Franco’s decades-long dictatorship, or because of a popular uprising. Instead, it was (…) → Receive your free ebook now: Your email Please leave this field empty: Le Monde diplomatique may process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes, to provide you with our newsletter, subscription offers and other relevant information. Click to learn more about how we use your data. All ebooks Newsletter Enter your email address here: Please leave this field empty: Subscribe Please enter your email address By clicking ‘Subscribe’, I agree that I have read Le Monde diplomatique’s confidentiality policy and data collection policy. Please leave this field empty: Subscribe Please enter your email address By clicking ‘Subscribe’, I agree that I have read Le Monde diplomatique’s confidentiality policy and data collection policy. Change email / unsubscribe Follow us RSS Twitter Facebook Subscribe LMD Digital Read each new issue online, receive our articles by email. Full access to our online archives. UK £3 / month USA / Canada $3,70 / month Other countries 3,30 € / month Read more LMD Print + Digital Delivered each month to your door plus unlimited access to our online archives. UK £3,60 / month USA / Canada $5,50 / month* Other countries 5,50 € / month* * These prices include shipping costs for addresses outside the UK. See all subscriptions archives Disunited nations: the UN at 80 Anne-Cécile Robert & Christophe Ventura , October 2025 Founded 80 years ago to safeguard international security, the UN now appears powerless in the face of wars and mass crimes. Lofty declarations alone cannot alter the balance of (…) → In New Zealand, the Māori feel betrayed, again Cédric Gouverneur , October 2025 Since the 1970s, successive governments have tried to redress the injustices suffered by New Zealand’s Māori. But the present administration is rolling back support and even wants (…) → Gen Z in revolt October 2025 In Madagascar, Morocco, Nepal, Peru and the Philippines, ‘Gen Z’ is taking to the streets. A striking flag flutters above these protests: that of the Straw Hat Pirates in the manga (…) → ‘Narco-trafficking’ is a useful term Laurent Bonelli , November 2025 Narco-trafficking functions as a loosely defined term, grouping disparate local situations, giving them a global structure and helping win Congressional support and funding. (…) → maps Changing plans for dividing Bosnia-Herzegovina Cécile Marin, December 2025 The strategic Galápagos islands Cécile Marin, December 2025 Recognition of Palestine Cécile Marin, October 2025 Who funds the UN? Cécile Marin, October 2025 Contact us / The team / Subscriptions / Donate Blog Inside capitalism’s hidden command centres Benjamin Selwyn , 4 December 2025 After free market ideology became dominant in the 1980s, arguments for economic planning were largely sidelined. Recently, though, there has been an accelerated adoption of (…) → ‘Not flesh and blood’: bombing Yemen and Palestine Elham Al-Oqabi​ & Elle Kurancid , 6 October 2025 A Sanaa-based writer grapples with years of catastrophic loss across her country, now reflected in the ongoing Gaza genocide. 

 ‘Yemen, like other countries and regions in the (…) → Forced labour concerns: US bans import of Giant’s Taiwan-made bikes Peter Bengtsen , 2 October 2025 Bicycles made in Taiwan by the world’s biggest manufacturer will be seized at the border by the US Customs and Border Protection. → As states recognise Palestine, the killing continues Le Monde diplomatique , 23 September 2025 The 80th session of the United Nations (UN) general assembly is set to relaunch the ‘two-state solution’ in the Middle East. The official recognition of the state of Palestine by (…) → Podcast Is China intent on remaking the world order? March 2024 On this month’s podcast we’re joined by Le Monde diplomatique’s new Asia head, Renaud Lambert, who writes in the current edition of the paper about China’s global ambitions (‘China: (…) → The price of being Israel’s best friend February 2024 Our guest on this month’s podcast is Eric Alterman, CUNY Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College and author of We Are Not One: A History of America’s Fight Over (…) → Taiwan’s history, Taiwan’s future January 2024 Taipei-based journalist Alice Hérait is our guest on this second podcast of the month on significant elections. Alice has a piece in the January edition of the paper entitled (…) → US election: the case of South Carolina January 2024 With the US primary season now under way, in this month’s podcast we turn the spotlight on the electoral contest in South Carolina, home state of prominent Trump challenger Nikki (…) → Subscribe: RSS Apple Google Youtube Spotify TuneIn PlayerFM Podinstall Classic texts The effects of a communications revolution Jacques Ellul , May 1965 Today, forms of mass communication, especially telecommunication, are developing and perfecting themselves at a pace that is difficult to imagine — faster, perhaps, than any other (…) → The language of the foreigner Jacques Derrida , January 2002 On 22 September 2001 Jacques Derrida, philosopher, writer and professor at the École des Haute Études en Sciences Sociales (EHESS), was awarded Frankfurt’s Theodor-W-Adorno prize. (…) → What is literature for? Juan Goytisolo & Günter Grass , November 1999 The German writer Günter Grass won the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature, a decision that delighted all those who have admired the radical power of Grass’s writing since The Tin Drum (…) → The media, the intelligentsia and Pierre Bourdieu Jacques Bouveresse , February 2004 The media have begun to value media criticism, which now appears in newspapers and on radio and television, generally in a fairly harmless form. It allows them to be seen as final (…) → International editions Le Monde diplomatique , originally published in French , has editions in 20 other languages The newspaper Follow us Newsletter Contact us The team Services Subscriptions Institutional subscriptions Donations Confidentiality policy About us Who we are Find LMD International editions Friends of LMD Le Monde diplomatique Archives Podcast Blog Maps