Compare personal and business financial products at money.co.uk | money.co.uk Money Menu Business Business funding Business banking Business insurance & energy Business software Business funding Check your business eligibility Business loans Startup business loans Business credit cards Startup business credit cards Business rewards credit cards Business credit scores Invoice finance Asset finance Business banking Business bank accounts Sole trader bank accounts Limited company bank accounts Business savings accounts Easy access business savings Card payment machines Business prepaid cards Business insurance & energy Business insurance Public liability insurance Professional indemnity insurance Employers liability Goods in transit insurance Landlord insurance Business energy Business gas Temporary business car insurance Temporary business van insurance Business software HR software Accounting software Payroll software Expense management software Accounts payable software Personal Banking, savings & investments Credit cards & loans Mortgages Insurances Travel money Banking, savings & investments Current accounts Joint current accounts Savings accounts Instant access savings Investment ISAs Cash ISAs Fixed rate cash ISAs Fixed rate bonds Private pensions SIPP pensions Pension transfers Investment products Share dealing accounts Credit cards & loans Credit cards Balance transfer credit cards 0% purchase credit cards Rewards credit cards Air miles credit cards Instant decision credit cards Student credit cards Prepaid cards Loans Unsecured loans Secured loans Debt consolidation loans Bad credit loans Bridging loans Mortgages Mortgage comparison First time buyer mortgages Remortgages Buy to let mortgages Self employed mortgages Shared ownership mortgages Second home mortgages Low income mortgages Insurances Car insurance Van insurance Motorbike insurance Temporary car insurance Learner driver insurance Home insurance Pet insurance Health insurance Life insurance Income protection insurance Travel insurance Travel money Travel money Euro exchange rate US dollar exchange rate Turkish lira exchange rate Currency buy back Prepaid travel cards Resources Business resources Personal resources Business resources All business products Business case studies Business insights Business statistics Business guides Business bank account guides Business savings guides Business credit card guides Business loans guides Card payment guides Business insurance guides Starting a business hub Running a business hub Growing a business hub Personal resources Guides Tools & calculators Current account guides Savings guides Investing guides Pensions guides Credit card guides Loans guides Travel money guides Take control of your money Compare rates on personal and business products to make confident financial decisions We’re aware of scammers pretending to be money.co.uk. We offer our deals via our website only and never ask for an admin fee, payment or your bank details to use our services. Please email customerservice@money.co.uk if you’ve received a suspicious email. Find the right financial products for your needs Credit cards Savings accounts Current accounts Loans Investments Pensions Mortgages Business Trustpilot We compare business and consumer products from leading brands in financial services You'll only find results from genuine companies. Our data experts check each company before we add them to our comparisons. Get to know money.co.uk Inclusive, free platform Our comparison platform is completely free to use and we encourage everyone to use it for research and apply for products with confidence. Competitive rates We work with some of the biggest Uk brands offering offering a wide range of financial products at competitive rates for our customers. Hundreds of resources We’re passionate about helping people and businesses to make confident financial decisions, so we’ve written hundreds of helpful guides, insights and case studies. Experts in finance W e’ve been around for nearly two decades and a lot has happened during that time, but our commitment to supporting our customers hasn't changed. Discover the right products for your business milestones 0 - 12 months 1 - 4 years 5 years + 0 - 12 months 1 - 4 years 5 years + 0-12 months Starting your business So, you’ve decided to take a leap and start your own business. But where do you begin? The first stage should focus on creating a solid business plan -  be prepared to conduct thorough market research to understand your competitors and customers’ needs. You’ll also need to outline your business goals and decide what funding you’ll need to achieve them. Managing your finances is essential, but the good news is there are products that can support your business. For example, business bank accounts can help entrepreneurs to easily keep track of their finances. Compare business bank accounts Business bank account top pick Zempler Bank formerly Cashplus Business Account This hassle-free bank account can be opened in minutes and it comes with handy features like cashflow tracking and online banking. No monthly fee FSCS protection up to £120,000 Open your free account 1 - 4 years Scaling your business Your business has moved past the first tricky year, and now it’s time to focus on growth. It’s important to balance ambition with efficiency, so you can maintain success and seize new opportunities. Financial planning is crucial and you’ll want to make sure you have the right financial products to support your business on this next stage. A business credit card can help to manage cash flow and some cards come with rewards for spending, so you’ll get something back if you need to increase outgoings. Compare business credit cards Business credit card top pick Capital on Tap Business Credit Card This credit card is great for limited companies as it comes with credit limits up to £250,000 and you can add spending controls for your employees’ expenses. No annual fee 2.25% cashback for three months, then unlimited 1% Apply now 5 years + Maintaining your business’ success Your business has been trading for more than five years, and you’re keen to work towards the next milestone. To do this, you’ll need to make sure your business continues to be resilient and your products or services are evolving to meet the demands of your customers. You might be looking for the next investment opportunity so you can hire more employees or open a new commercial space. To do this, business loans can help. Compare business loans Business loan top pick iwoca business loan If you have a limited company, you can borrow 1,000 to £1m with an iwoca business loan and find out a decision within 24 hours. No fees for repaying early Only pay interest on the amount you withdraw Apply online Why should I compare? Find the product that works best for you By comparing products you might find that what you thought you needed, isn't what will work best for your circumstances. Browse several products in one place See all the products available to you in one place, so you can make an informed decision without the hassle of having to go from provider to provider. Comparing saves you money While it may be more comfortable to go with brands you're familiar with, going with one you may not have heard of might save you hundreds of pounds without sacrificing essential features. Explore our personal finance products We can help you to find the best deals Switch Current accounts Current accounts can offer features like interest-free overdrafts, free use abroad, cashback on bills, high interest on positive balances and some will even pay you to switch. Compare current accounts Save Savings A savings account isn't compulsory but it can be useful tool for managing your finances. It's recommended to save at least 20% of your income and a savings account is a safe place to store this money. Compare savings accounts Borrow Credit cards Credit cards allow you to borrow money when you need it to pay for goods and services. You get an agreed maximum credit limit you can borrow and there's a minimum monthly repayment. Compare credit cards Meet our experts Decades of experience in the financial sector Regularly featured in the national and regional press Clear and impartial insights to help you make confident financial decisions Meet the team Editor insights Debt Savings Business Debt Savings Business Insights 7 ways to reduce financial stress and take control of your money Financial stress is common and many of us will experience it in our lifetime - but there are small steps you can take to ease this pressure. Read more Insights What is cash stuffing and how does it work? This savings technique is encouraging people to use cash in a bid to boost their finances. Read more Insights How SMEs can strategically adopt AI Rushing into AI adoption without a strategy can hurt small businesses. The true role of AI is in supporting, not replacing, business fundamentals. Read more Make sense of your money Explore expert written guides that turn complex financial topics into easily digestible information. 02 December 2025 Making Tax Digital: your no-fuss step-by-step guide to MTD Learn how to keep digital records, send updates and stay HMRC-compliant with this straightforward walkthrough of Making Tax Digital. Read More 06 November 2025 How to register as self-employed in the UK: a complete guide If you’re setting up your own business, registering as self-employed is an essential step to getting started. Read More 10 December 2025 What's the best place for your money? Knowing what to do with savings can be difficult, especially with inflation so high. Here is what you can do if you have money to invest. Read More View all guides We've been featured in Proud to be award-winning We have always aimed to provide the best possible services to bridge the gap between our users and our clients. Over the years, we have been thrilled to be recognised by various prestigious bodies and organisations for those efforts. About us Guides Jobs Contact us Sitemap Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie policy Complaints policy Slavery statement Tax statement Accessibility statement © Copyright 2025 Dot Zinc Limited, licensed to RVU Services Limited. All rights reserved. An RVU Company. Operated by RVU Services Limited, registered in England and Wales (Company No.15331775) at The Cooperage, 5 Copper Row, London, SE1 2LH. RVU Services Limited(FRN 1007258) is an Appointed Representative of Inspop.com Limited (FRN 310635) for annual general insurance products, Uswitch Limited (FRN 312850) for boiler cover, Dot Zinc Limited (FRN 415689) for consumer credit and investment products, Tempcover Limited (FRN 7 46985) for temporary insurance products and Life’s Great Limited (FRN478215) for mortgage products, each of which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. You can check this on the Financial Services Register. Our service is free to use but depending on the product or service you choose we may receive a commission. We are a credit broker, not a lender. Your cookie preferences We use cookies and similar technologies. You can use the settings below to accept all cookies (which we recommend to give you the best experience) or to enable specific categories of cookies as explained below. Find out more by reading our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Essential Performance Marketing Functionality Social Save my preferences Accept all cookies