MoneyWeek | Investment advice, analysis, finance news Moneyweek SUBSCRIBE Try 6 issues free × Search News Share Tips Investing Investing Investing Investing View all Investing Stocks and Shares Commodities Funds Trusts Gold AI Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance View all Personal Finance Savings ISAs Pensions Tax Property Mortgages Bank accounts Credit cards Economy Economy Economy Economy View all Economy UK Economy US Economy Global Economy Travel Subscribe More MoneyWeek Podcast MoneyWeek Quizzes Spending It People This day in history MoneyWeek Glossary About Us Newsletters Newsletter sign-up Manage my newsletters Latest newsletter Newsletter sign up Newsletter Trending Solid growth stocks Shareholder perks Funds for beginners Secure your legacy Key money dates 2026 How to take an energy meter reading Meter reading day falls every three months when the new energy price cap kicks in. Here's why you may want to take a reading on 1 January ahead of the Ofgem price cap rise. The most influential people of 2025 From DeepSeek to cash ISAs, see how you fare in MoneyWeek’s quiz of the year Quiz My market predictions for 2026 Opinion The investing mistakes not to make: MoneyWeek Talks Podcast Where did house prices rise and fall the most in 2025? How to start investing: a beginner’s guide Sign up for MoneyWeek's newsletters Get the latest financial news, insights and expert analysis from our award-winning MoneyWeek team, to help you understand what really matters when it comes to your finances. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Most Popular Four stocks for 2026 As the year draws to an end, investment experts suggest four stocks that investors may want to keep an eye on for 2026 Millions of parents are missing out on up to £720 a year in extra pension cash – are you affected? A mum who narrowly missed out on the pension boost said she “never knew the government rule existed” and wants other parents to use it Will UK interest rates fall in 2026? The Bank of England cut interest rates to 3.75% in December, bringing the base rate to its lowest level since February 2023. But will we see more cuts in 2026? Is your inheritance tax allowance cut if you sell to downsize or sell your home to pay for care? Downsizing relief is a little-known benefit that could save your loved ones tens of thousands of pounds in inheritance tax after you’ve died. How you can support Trussell this Christmas MoneyWeek is supporting anti-poverty charity Trussell for our 2025 Christmas charity appeal. We spent the day at a Trussell food bank to see first-hand the important work that they do in providing a lifeline for those in need. MoneyWeek experts' best investments for the next 25 years MoneyWeek's experts predict the best investments for the next quarter-century. Tips range from defence and agriculture to Vietnam and Jardine Matheson Investing Gold price ends 2025 near record highs The price of gold hit a new all-time high on Boxing Day before falling in the final days of the year Gold 8 of the best properties for sale with indoor gyms The best properties for sale with indoor gyms – from a four-storey mews house in London’s Knightsbridge, to a 1920s Arts & Crafts house in Melbury Abbas, Dorset By Natasha Langan Published 30 December 25 Properties Top stock ideas for 2026 that offer solidity and growth Last year’s stock ideas from MoneyWeek’s columnist and trader, Michael Taylor, produced another strong performance. This year’s stocks look promising too By Michael Taylor Published 30 December 25 Stocks and Shares Is your inheritance tax allowance cut if you sell to downsize or sell your home to pay for care? Downsizing relief is a little-known benefit that could save your loved ones tens of thousands of pounds in inheritance tax after you’ve died. By Samantha Partington Published 26 December 25 Inheritance Tax VIEW MORE INVESTING Personal Finance Millions of parents are missing out on up to £720 a year in extra pension cash – are you affected? A mum who narrowly missed out on the pension boost said she “never knew the government rule existed” and wants other parents to use it Pensions Can you afford to retire in 2026? From interest rates and inflation to tax changes, there are plenty of factors to consider if you plan to retire in 2026 – here is how to prepare By Marc Shoffman Last updated 29 December 25 Pensions ‘Why I have ditched my Help to Buy ISA for cash savings and the stock market’ Without the 25% bonus, my Help to Buy ISA is effectively redundant, says MoneyWeek writer Sam Walker. By Sam Walker Published 26 December 25 ISAS Is your inheritance tax allowance cut if you sell to downsize or sell your home to pay for care? Downsizing relief is a little-known benefit that could save your loved ones tens of thousands of pounds in inheritance tax after you’ve died. By Samantha Partington Published 26 December 25 Inheritance Tax VIEW MORE PERSONAL FINANCE Economy Will UK interest rates fall in 2026? Latest Bank of England predictions The Bank of England cut interest rates to 3.75% in December, bringing the base rate to its lowest level since February 2023. But will we see more cuts in 2026? UK Economy Key money dates for 2026 We run through the key dates and big money changes coming up in 2026 that could affect your financial health By Sam Walker Last updated 23 December 25 UK Economy The steady rise of stablecoins Innovations in cryptocurrency have created stablecoins, a new form of money. Trump is an enthusiastic supporter, but its benefits are not yet clear By Bruce Packard Published 22 December 25 Bitcoin Crypto VIEW MORE ECONOMY Property 8 of the best properties for sale with indoor gyms The best properties for sale with indoor gyms – from a four-storey mews house in London’s Knightsbridge, to a 1920s Arts & Crafts house in Melbury Abbas, Dorset Properties Is your inheritance tax allowance cut if you sell to downsize or sell your home to pay for care? Downsizing relief is a little-known benefit that could save your loved ones tens of thousands of pounds in inheritance tax after you’ve died. By Samantha Partington Published 26 December 25 Inheritance Tax Leasehold reforms delayed until the new year: how the changes help you The government has blamed “unforeseen delays” after it broke a pledge to introduce the Leasehold and Commonhold Reform Bill before the end of 2025. Here is what you need to know By Marc Shoffman Last updated 22 December 25 Property VIEW MORE PROPERTY Savings ‘Why I have ditched my Help to Buy ISA for cash savings and the stock market’ Without the 25% bonus, my Help to Buy ISA is effectively redundant, says MoneyWeek writer Sam Walker. ISAS The best cash ISAs – December 2025 Savings The best cash ISAs can help you make the most of your tax-free savings. But you may want to take advantage of top rates before they disappear By Oojal Dhanjal Last updated 22 December 25 Cash ISAS Best savings rates – earn as much as 4.5% Savings The best savings rates on the market pay up to 4.5% on your cash – despite the Bank of England's pre-Christmas rate cut. Act fast before they disappear By Oojal Dhanjal Last updated 22 December 25 Savings Best regular savings accounts – get up to 7.5% Savings The top regular savings accounts pay as much as 7.5%. If you’re looking to stash small amounts away each month, we list the accounts worth looking at By Oojal Dhanjal Last updated 22 December 25 Savings VIEW MORE SAVINGS Meet the team Kalpana Fitzpatrick Editor, MoneyWeek.com Andrew Van Sickle Editor, MoneyWeek Jessica Sheldon Deputy digital editor Dan McEvoy Senior writer Laura Miller Staff writer Sam Walker Staff writer Daniel Hilton Junior writer Oojal Dhanjal Editorial producer Cris Sholto Heaton Contributing Editor Chris Carter Wealth editor Dr Matthew Partridge Shares editor More from MoneyWeek 8 of the best properties for sale with indoor gyms The best properties for sale with indoor gyms – from a four-storey mews house in London’s Knightsbridge, to a 1920s Arts & Crafts house in Melbury Abbas, Dorset 8 of the best houses for sale with beautiful fireplaces The best houses for sale with beautiful fireplaces – from a 15th-century cottage in Kent to a 17th-century palazzo in Oxfordshire By Natasha Langan Published 20 December 25 How Virgin Flying Club works as tens of thousands to get bonus points from next month Tens of thousands of Virgin flyers could get a points boost next year as the airline’s new loyalty reward scheme comes into play in 2026. Are you eligible? By Jessica Sheldon Published 19 December 25 Too embarrassed to ask: what is a p/e ratio? Videos Find out how to use the price/earnings ratio (p/e ratio for short) – a useful starting place for investors looking to value a company. By MoneyWeek Last updated 19 December 25 Videos The top last-minute Christmas gifts It’s not too late to give the perfect present this festive season – we round up a selection of last-minute Christmas gifts worth giving By MoneyWeek Published 19 December 25 Lights, camera, action: Where to see the Northern Lights The Northern Lights are the most spectacular they’ve been in years. Here’s where to see them By Chris Carter Published 19 December 25 8 of the best ski chalets for sale now The best ski chalets on the market – from a traditional Alpine-style chalet in Switzerland to an award-winning Modernist building in Japan’s exclusive ski areas By Natasha Langan Published 13 December 25 Useful links Subscribe Subscribe to MoneyWeek Get the MoneyWeek newsletter Latest Issue MoneyWeek MoneyWeek Podcast MoneyWeek Wealth Summit MoneyWeek Live Reports Most Popular MoneyWeek share tips MoneyWeek savings stories MoneyWeek tax stories About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise with us Add as a preferred source on Google MoneyWeek is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site . ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.