MongoDB: The World’s Leading Modern Database | MongoDB MongoDB Event MongoDB.local SF, Jan 15: See the speaker lineup & ship your AI vision faster. Use WEB50 to save 50% > Announcement Learn why MongoDB was named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Learn more > General Information General Information Documentation Developer Articles & Topics Community Forums Blog University Products Platform Atlas Build and scale with an AI-ready platform Platform Services Database Deploy a multi-cloud database Search Deliver engaging search experiences Vector Search Design intelligent apps with gen AI Stream Processing Integrate MongoDB and Kafka Self Managed Enterprise Advanced Run and manage MongoDB yourself Community Edition Develop locally with MongoDB Tools Compass Work with MongoDB data in a GUI Integrations Integrations with third-party services Relational Migrator Migrate to MongoDB with confidence View All Products Explore our full developer suite arrow-right MongoDB 8.0 Our fastest version ever arrow-right Build with MongoDB Atlas Get started for free in minutes Sign Up Test Enterprise Advanced Develop with MongoDB on-premises Download Try Community Edition Explore the latest version of MongoDB Download Resources Documentation Learn how to build with MongoDB and get started today Skills and Certifications Develop in-demand skills and earn MongoDB certifications Books Read books and e-books about MongoDB MongoDB for Educators Take advantage of educator resources MongoDB for Students Take advantage of student benefits Community Join a community of developers Events and Webinars Find an event or webinar near you Resources Hub Get help building the next big thing with MongoDB arrow-right Solutions Use cases Artificial Intelligence Modernization Payments Serverless Development Gaming Intelligent Search Edge and Mobile Industries Financial Services Telecommunications Healthcare Retail Public Sector Manufacturing Solutions Library Organized and tailored solutions to kick-start projects arrow-right MongoDB AMP Modernize applications up to 3x faster Learn more arrow-right Startups and AI Innovators For world-changing ideas and AI pioneers Learn more arrow-right Customer Case Studies Hear directly from our users See stories arrow-right Company Careers Start your next adventure Blog Read articles and announcements Newsroom Read press releases and news stories Partners Learn about our partner ecosystem Leadership Meet our executive team Company Learn more about who we are Contact Us Reach out to MongoDB Connect with an expert arrow-right Investors Visit our investor portal Learn more arrow-right Pricing Eng Support Sign In menu-vertical Get Started MONGODB ATLAS The database for dynamic, demanding software AI depends on fluid, instantly accessible data, not fragmented silos. Consolidate structured and unstructured data—text, video, audio, time series, and more—into a single, flexible system. Get Started Documentation TRUSTED BY MongoDB Atlas The modern database for any use case Learn about the platform Vector Search Stream Processing Operational Transactional Text Search Analytical Graph Geospatial Vector Search Use Cases MongoDB Atlas integrates operational and vector databases in a single, unified platform. Use vector representations of your data to perform semantic search, build recommendation engines, design Q&A systems, detect anomalies, or provide context for gen AI Apps. Learn More Documentation Stream Processing Use Cases Build scalable event-driven applications that react and respond in near real-time. Atlas Stream Processing unifies the developer experience, enabling you to work with high-velocity data streams from sources like Apache Kafka using the same familiar MongoDB Aggregation Pipeline stages you use for your database. Learn More Tutorial Operational Use Cases Optimize write performance with a document data model that maps to your application’s access patterns. Meet a wide range of query requirements via a single query API that supports everything from simple lookups to complex processing pipelines for data analytics and transformations. Learn More Documentation Transactional Use Cases Guarantee millisecond response times at scale with a flexible document data model and rich query capabilities—including secondary indexing, joins, multi-document ACID transactions and more. Learn More Documentation Search Use Cases Combine three systems—database, search engine, and sync mechanisms—into one and deliver 30-50% faster. Build catalog and content search, in-app search, and single view into your application with MongoDB Atlas Search. Learn More Documentation Analytical Use Cases Unify the core capabilities needed for application-driven analytics with MongoDB Atlas. Perform powerful aggregations and transformations in-place and in real time. Leverage optimized indexes, storage, data formats and an extensive ecosystem of native and integrated analytics services to build smarter applications and achieve real-time business visibility. Learn More Documentation Graph Use Cases Elevate your applications with MongoDB’s native graph data support. Traverse relationships across your collections to uncover patterns, enable intelligent graph-based reasoning, and build powerful solutions like recommendation engines, fraud detection, network management, and knowledge graphs. Learn More Documentation Geospatial Use Cases Easily build applications that leverage geospatial data with MongoDB's native support for GeoJSON and simple coordinate pairs. Harness specialized indexes for blazing-fast queries. A one-stop solution for logistics, location-based services, and spatial analysis. Learn More Documentation Loved by developers, trusted by enterprises View all customer stories 200 databases migrated to Atlas in 4 months 240% improvement in API performance Retail “MongoDB and everything that comes with it was great. On MongoDB, we could automate our deployments and scalability monitoring, and we had advanced features like search charts and an online vector store that didn’t exist in the CouchDB ecosystem.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Retail 200 databases migrated to Atlas in 4 months 240% improvement in API performance Retail “MongoDB and everything that comes with it was great. On MongoDB, we could automate our deployments and scalability monitoring, and we had advanced features like search charts and an online vector store that didn’t exist in the CouchDB ecosystem.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Retail 99.99% availability for customers 9M+ vehicles serviced AUTOMOTIVE “We use MongoDB as the core database for our services, so any new innovative idea or new service we build, we automatically say, ‘We’re going to use MongoDB as the core platform,’ knowing that it’s going to give us the reliability and the scalability that we’re going to need.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Automotive 30% improvement in resource efficiency 3.5 M customer service calls per month Telecommunications “Managing both vector and operational data in MongoDB opened a new world to our team. By migrating operational data from PostgreSQL to MongoDB, we eliminated redundant processes and streamlined data queries.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Telecommunications 10 minutes to generate reports instead of 12 weeks 50% of the world's insulin production HEALTHCARE “We’ve reduced the time taken to create Clinical Study Reports from 12 weeks to 10 minutes, with higher quality outputs and a fraction of the team. In terms of value, each day sooner a medicine gets to market can add around $15 million in revenue to the company.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Healthcare 3.25 times faster cluster deployments 60% reduction in scaling time Financial Services “Now that we have these automatic systems in place, we have more time. We can focus on providing value for both engineers at Coinbase and our end users.” Read Case Study MongoDB for Financial Services Works seamlessly with your tech stack MongoDB integrates with 100+ of your favorite technologies Explore our ecosystem Choose your path START HERE Build the next big thing Create the applications of tomorrow with less complexity than ever before. Get Started MORE INFORMATION Atlas Learning Hub Docs University Pricing English English Português Español 한국어 日本語 Italiano Deutsch Français 简体中文 © 2025 MongoDB, Inc. About Careers Investor Relations Legal Privacy Policy GitHub Security Information Trust Center Follow Us Support Contact Us Customer Portal Atlas Status Product Updates Customer Support Manage Cookies Your Privacy Choices Deployment Options MongoDB Atlas Enterprise Advanced Community Edition Data Basics Vector Databases NoSQL Databases Document Databases RAG Database ACID Transactions MERN Stack MEAN Stack © 2025 MongoDB, Inc.