Home | Mono Skip to main content Mono Menu Home Download Documentation Docs News Community Cross platform, open source .NET framework Mono is a software platform designed to allow
    developers to easily create cross platform applications. The Mono Project (mono/mono) (‘original mono’) has been an important part of the .NET ecosystem since it was launched in 2001. Microsoft became the steward of the Mono Project when it acquired Xamarin in 2016. The last major release of the Mono Project was in July 2019, with minor patch releases since that time. The last patch release was February 2024. We are happy to announce that the WineHQ organization will be taking over as the stewards of the Mono Project upstream at wine-mono / Mono · GitLab (winehq.org) .  Source code in existing mono/mono and other repos will remain available, although repos may be archived. Binaries will remain available for up to four years. Microsoft maintains a modern fork of Mono runtime in the dotnet/runtime repo and has been progressively moving workloads to that fork. That work is now complete, and we recommend that active Mono users and maintainers of Mono-based app frameworks migrate to .NET which includes work from this fork. We want to recognize that the Mono Project was the first .NET implementation on Android, iOS, Linux, and other operating systems. The Mono Project was a trailblazer for the .NET platform across many operating systems. It helped make cross-platform .NET a reality and enabled .NET in many new places and we appreciate the work of those who came before us. Thank you to all the Mono developers! Sponsored by Microsoft , Mono is
      an open source implementation of Microsoft's .NET Framework as part of
      the .NET Foundation and
      based on the ECMA standards
      for C# and
      the Common Language
    Runtime .
      A growing family of solutions and an active and enthusiastic contributing community is helping position Mono to become the leading choice for development of cross platform applications. Get Mono The latest Mono release is waiting for you! Download Read the docs We cover everything you need to know, from configuring Mono to how the internals are implemented. Our documentation is open source too, so you can help us improve it. Learn more Community As an open source project, we love getting contributions from the community. File a bug report, add new code or chat with the developers. Contribute to Mono © 2025 Mono Project Legal Notices | Privacy | Change cookie preferences