Monocle - global affairs, culture and design Skip to main content Subscribe | British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) Swiss Franc (CHF) Magazine Radio Shop Monocle Logo Search for: Go Subscribe British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) US Dollar (USD) Australian Dollar (AUD) Swiss Franc (CHF) Daily inbox intelligence from Monocle Currently being edited in London Monocle Logo Daily inbox intelligence from Monocle Affairs Business Culture Design Fashion Travel City guides Monocle Radio Listen Live On Air The Entrepreneurs Listen Live The Atlantic Shift Top of the Hour View Full Programme Culture Tweaking the branding of museums and galleries isn’t enough – here’s how to create real change Over the past year, many art institutions have refreshed their look or even given themselves a new name, to varying degrees of public approval. Short and snappy is evidently in vogue: The Courtauld Gallery… Opinion Tom Vanderbilt What I gained from replacing the self-checkout with small talk 3 min read Travel and restaurants Upstate New York is having a renaissance. Here’s where to eat, shop and stay on your next trip 5 min read Travel and restaurants The Escapist is here to take you down the roads less travelled The Escapist #4 3 min read Opinion Grace Charlton Associate editor, design and culture Airlines today are creating a generation of disloyal customers 2 min read Monocle Radio Listen Live On Air The Entrepreneurs Listen Live The Atlantic Shift Top of the Hour View Full Programme Travel and restaurants Discovering Gora Kadan Fuji, a new luxury Ryokan built to frame Mount Fuji The Escapist #4 13 min read Travel and restaurants How long have you got? Five global destinations for 2026 tailored to a busy schedule The Escapist #4 10 min read Aviation How New York airports are making US air travel great again The Escapist #4 3 min read Latest from Monocle radio see all Entrepreneurialism Direction of travel in 2026 and why all businesses need talent with a hospitality-first mindset The Entrepreneurs 29 min Design The best of 2025 Monocle on Design 30 min Fashion From Jonathan Anderson’s Dior to Grace Wales Bonner: The fashion shows that defined 2025 Monocle on Fashion 41 min Business Highlights of the year: Nobel Perspectives with Daron Acemoglu The Bulletin with UBS 17 min Culture India Knight on finding Home Meet the Writers 28 min Affairs The best of 2025: Big-name interviews The Curator 50 min Affairs The best of 2025 The Foreign Desk 40 min Affairs Saturday 27 December Monocle on Saturday 30 min Urbanism The best of 2025 The Urbanist 30 min Entrepreneurialism Laurent Kleitman on Mandarin Oriental’s Vienna opening The Entrepreneurs 28 min Design Moving forward via tradition with Tekla. Plus: Balkrishna Doshi at the Vitra Design Museum Monocle on Design 30 min Fashion From Peter Copping to Anya Hindmarch and Nick Wakeman: Thoughts from our favourite designers Monocle on Fashion 37 min Culture Joachim Trier on his new award-winning film, ‘Sentimental Value’ The Monocle Weekly 11 min Business Women’s wealth and the 2025 UBS Female Founder Award The Bulletin with UBS 25 min Culture John Lloyd and ‘The Meaning of Liff’ Meet the Writers 42 min Affairs Festive highlights from Monocle Radio The Curator 51 min Affairs 2025 in review The Foreign Desk 34 min Affairs What We Learned in 2025 The Curator 6 min Coasters be damned – a well-worn table is the heart of a home A pristine tabletop is soulless. The marks, dents and spills that your table collects tell the story of growth, love and messy, beautiful living. 3 min read Quality journalism for curious minds. Subscribe to Monocle. Join us in 2026 for fresh perspectives that go beyond the headlines. Film How Sofia’s comeback is shaping a new cultural identity for Bulgaria Communism’s shadow has been slow to fade in Sofia but today a new generation of young hospitality players is welcoming visitors to a city full of opportunity and Old World charm. 4 | The Escapist 12 min read See inside The Monocle Book of Designers on Sofas From Bjarke Ingels’ harbour-inspired Brick to Naoto Fukasawa’s craned-in Hiroshima, The Monocle Book of Designers on Sofas – available to buy now – reveals how 50 of the world’s top architects and designers sit, think… Film 1 min watch MEET OUR COLUMNISTS SEE ALL Stella Roos Design correspondent Inzamam Rashid Gulf correspondent Sophie Monaghan-Coombs Culture editor Alexis Self Foreign editor Gregory Scruggs Seattle correspondent Hannah Lucinda Smith Istanbul correspondent Charlotte McDonald-Gibson Journalist Carlota Rebelo Senior foreign correspondent Natalie Theodosi Fashion director Andrew Mueller Host of The Foreign Desk on Monocle Radio Bryan Harris Latin America columnist Nic Monisse Design editor Robert Bound Contributing editor Mary Fitzgerald North Africa correspondent Fiona Wilson Senior Asia Editor Alexei Korolyov Fernando Augusto Pacheco Senior correspondent Ope Adetayo TRAVEL GUIDES SEE ALL Monocle City Guides Rome Monocle City Guides New York Monocle City Guides Berlin Monocle City Guides Istanbul Monocle City Guides Kyoto Monocle City Guides Barcelona Monocle City Guides Paris Monocle City Guides Mexico City Monocle City Guides Madrid Monocle City Guides Singapore Monocle City Guides Lisbon Monocle City Guides Vienna Monocle City Guides Copenhagen Monocle City Guides Bangkok Monocle City Guides Jakarta Monocle City Guides London Monocle City Guides Milan Monocle City Guides Toronto CULTURE see all Plan a year of insights and entertainment with Monocle’s 2026 cultural calendar Pick up a fresh new diary and fill the forthcoming 12 months with art, books, design, fashion and more from our rundown of the events not to be missed in the year ahead. 2025 | Alpino 6 min read DESIGN see all Beyond the Giga projects, a new generation of Saudi Arabian architects is getting introspective As Saudi Arabia builds at breakneck speed, young architects returning from abroad are slowing down to ask what kind of places people want to live in, with a focus on landscape, life and memory. 8 min read FASHION see all How top politicians dress for winter: Parkas, tradition and power statements Political leaders’ choice of winter wear can signal their priorities and reveal something of their world views. We take a look at five leaders, from Alexander Stubb to Kim Jong-un. 2025 | Alpino 4 min read FROM THE MONOCLE SHOP VISIT SHOP Monocle December/January 2025/2026 – Issue 189 £ 14.00 Monocle Switzerland: The Monocle Handbook £ 35.00 Monocle Monocle Alpino Newspaper 2025/2026 £ 10.00 Monocle Merino-wool gloves £ 50.00 Monocle Boiled-wool vest £ 220.00 Mühlbauer Otto Sepp hat £ 180.00 De Bonne Facture Fringed scarf £ 200.00 Arpenteur Wool angora coat £ 790.00 Archives Design Leather Christmas ornaments £ 50.00 Monocle The Monocle Book of Designers on Sofas £ 40.00 Konfekt Konfekt – Winter 2025 £ 18.00 Monocle Monocle Design Directory 2025/2026 £ 20.00 Crescent Down Works Ripstop down vest £ 400.00 Proteca FreeWalker GL suitcase £ 330.00 Comme des Garçons Scent Five: Syros £ 95.00 FROM OUR PARTNERS SEE ALL Hitachi Energy: Powering Purpose Hitachi Jeju Island, South Korea – Case Study 3 Hitachi Louisiana, USA – Case Study 2 Hitachi Andorra La Vella, Andorra – Case Study 1 Hitachi Living traditions Edo Tokyo Kirari Edo Tokyo Kirari x Monocle Edo Tokyo Kirari Peak performance Technogym Powering Purpose Hitachi Megève Megève City to Dune – Part 3 of 3 Range Rover Winning formula Morocco Now Playing to the crowd Morocco Now Sporting legacy Morocco Now Morocco on the move Morocco Now Field of dreams Morocco Now Morocco Now: Ready for kickoff Morocco Now Elevated leisure Südtirol Conquering the highest peaks Südtirol UPCOMING EVENTS Christmas at The Monocle Shop, Merano – 23 December Join us on Monday 23 December for a festive evening with ribollita, Glühwein and a seasonal edit of Monocle favourites. The Monocle Pop-up Shop, St Moritz – 4 December 2025 –– 31 March 2026 Drop by for a warming coffee or hot chocolate and explore our edit of Monocle products and reads for the colder months. See all Monocle events and collaborations Want more stories like these in your inbox? Sign up to Monocle’s email newsletters to stay on top of news and opinion, plus the latest from the magazine, radio, film and shop. Monocle Logo Read more. Live Better. Subscribe Share © 2025 Monocle Topics Affairs Business Culture Design Fashion Travel and restaurants Discover Magazine Radio Shop City guides Events Newsletters Monocle films Partnered content Our Brand About us Monocle shops and cafés FAQs Careers Contact Us Get in touch Legal & Privacy Privacy policy Terms & conditions Cookie policy © 2025 Monocle Filter By Close Filter Topic Affairs Architecture Art Arts At the front Aviation Books Business Craft Culture Defence Design Diplomacy Economics Economy Edits Education Entertaining Entertainment Entrepreneurialism Environment Events and conferences Fashion Film Food & Drink Furniture Government Health Hospitality Industry Konfekt Manufacturing Media Monocle Films Monocle Radio Music Photography Politics Product design Property Recipe Residences Retail Shoot Society Soft Power Sport Technology The Faster Lane The Monocle Concierge The Monocle Minute The Weekend Opener Transport Travel and restaurants Uncategorized Urbanism Show more Format Article Event Travel Guide Radio Partnered Content Reset Filters Apply Filters Search for: Go Monocle Shop Radio Affairs Business Culture Design Fashion City Guides Monocle Films Topics Affairs Business Culture Design Fashion Travel and restaurants Discover Magazine Radio Shop City guides Events Newsletters Monocle films Partnered content Monocle About Us Monocle shops and cafés FAQs Contact Us Careers The Escapist The Escapist #4			| January 2026 Sign In Form Sign in to your account. Sign in to your Monocle.com account. Email Address * Password * Sign in Forgot password? Shop & Communication Preferences History Newsletters Communication History Use this section to view your past orders. Number Date Status Total Load more orders You do not have any orders yet. Buy a subscription Newsletters Choose which Monocle newsletters you would like to receive; you can opt in or out of them from here. The Monocle Minute & Weekend Editions The Monocle Shop Communication Choose how you would like to hear from Monocle; you can opt in or out of communications from here. I agree to receive general emails from Monocle such as information on upcoming events, special offers and promotions. Sign out Need Help? Call +44 (0) 20 7725 4349 Email Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Terms & Conditions Monocle Cart You currently have no items in your cart. Subtotal: Discount: Shipping: Total: Checkout Shipping will be calculated at checkout. For orders shipping to the United States , please refer to our FAQs for information on import duties and regulations All orders placed outside of the EU that exceed €1,000 in value require customs documentation. Please allow up to two additional business days for these orders to be dispatched. Due to the bank holiday, orders placed after 29 December may not be dispatched until 5 January. Not ready to checkout? Continue Shopping