___
Skip to main content
Primary Navigation
Products 
Solutions 
Resources 
About Acquia 
Utility
Search
Register
Language
Support
Get Started
Acquia Web Governance
Features
Add Ons
Integrations
Use Cases
Resources
Pricing
Login
Image
Optimize Content for Accessible Websites

Optimize content to increase audience and engagement.
 

Get a Custom Demo   Start a Guided Tour

Successful, Accessible Websites

Empowering web, digital, and marketing teams to proactively fix website content issues and errors, and deliver optimized, inclusive, and compliant website experiences.

Get Your Scan Results

Simplify Web Optimization and Accessibility
Fix Website Errors Faster

Automated scans, prioritization tools, and bulk fix options make improving website user experience easier than ever.

See All Features

See How Acquia Web Governance Can Help

Read Case Studies

Web Optimization for Everyone

From web designers to copywriters to developers and beyond, Acquia Web Governance helps you stay organized and assigns issues for specific team members to address.

See Use Cases

See Checklists for Different Users

Discover Resources

Prioritize Inclusive Web Experiences

Having an accessible website is no longer a nice-to-have. It’s a must-have. Leverage Acquia Web Governance to focus on WCAG compliance and following legislation like the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), European Accessibility Act (EAA), and more.

See Accessibility Features

Learn About Web Accessibility

Get an Introduction to Web Accessibility

Acquia Web Governance Where You Need Us

Our CMS integration brings you directly to where issues are on your website, allowing you to proactively make changes. Our Browser Extension lets you review issues as you browse in real time. 

See CMS Integrations

Cut Down on Tools

One tool to rule them all. Acquia Web Governance features a wide variety of capabilities for complete website content maintenance, optimization, and accessibility.

See All Features

G2 Reviews

People love working with Acquia Web Governance. We’ve got the G2 reviews to prove it.

See Our Reviews

Acquia Web Governance Does It All
Image

Quality Assurance

Identify and fix simple content issues before website visitors notice.

More on Quality Assurance

Image

Web Accessibility

Work towards a more inclusive website by complying with WCAG standards and local regulations.

More on Web Accessibility

Image

SEO

Avoid basic SEO issues that negatively impact search rankings.

More on SEO

Image

Content Policies

Set up website content and style guidelines to ensure brand compliance and detect outdated content.

More on Content Policies

Image

Statistics

Drill down on website analytics and set up simple tracking to better understand visitor behavior.

More on Statistics

Image

Performance

Ensure that your website lives up to Google Core Web Vital standards and test performance on key pages.

More on Performance

Image

Heartbeat

Monitor your website for slow response times and ensure that stakeholders are notified of any downtime.

More on Heartbeat

Image

Heatmaps

See how visitors interact with your webpages and hone in on where and how to improve user experience.

More on Heatmaps

Image

Data Privacy

Detect potential data privacy issues and auto-locate sensitive information that may constitute privacy risks. 

More on Data Privacy

Image

Consent Manager

Set up straightforward tools to document website cookie consent.

More on Consent Manager

Image

Browser Extension

Available on Chrome, Edge, and Firefox, the Browser Extension lets you review and fix issues while browsing a page in real time.

More on Browser Extension

Image

PDF Accessibility

Beyond identifying accessible website content, our scans pick up inaccessible PDFs uploaded to your site.

More on PDF Accessibility

Image

Quick Scan

Set up Quick Scan reports to enable your team to swiftly address website performance issues. This feature will analyze the HTML in your browser, offering rapid insights without page crawling

Image

AI-Assisted Policies

Use our simple, AI-Assisted Policy Generator to easily create customer rules that run on every scan of your pages. 

Get a Free Website Quick Check

Curious to see how Acquia Web Governance works? Get a 10-page quick check of your website and we’ll send you a report with broken links, misspellings, accessibility red flags, and SEO issues.

Get a Quick Check

Footer
Company
About Us
Accessibility Statement
Careers
Leadership
Newsroom
Legal
Security Issue?
Privacy Policy
Preferences
Partners
Partner Program
Become a Partner
Find a Partner
Partner Certification
Partner Helpdesk
Support
Product Accessibility
Product Documentation
Training & Certifications
Contact Us

53 State Street, 10th Floor
Boston MA, 02109
888-922-7842

Contact Us
Social
Go to Acquia Facebook Page
Image
Go to Acquia's Page on Twitter
Image
Go to Acquia's Instagram Page
Image
Go to Acquia's LinkedIn Page
Image

Copyright © 2025 Acquia, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Drupal is a registered trademark of Dries Buytaert.

Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy
Accept All
Preferences