 Montclair State University Skip to Content Montclair State University Menu Search Apply Get Info Search Menu Apply Get Info About Montclair Administration At a Glance Contact Us Compliance Information Directions Make the Most of Your Visit Where is…? Campus Tours and Visits Mission Statement Policies and Procedures Strategic Planning 2025 Timeline Tuition and Fees Academics Academic Program Finder Academic Majors & Minors Montclair Online Academic Calendar Colleges and Schools Centers and Institutes Honor Societies Summer Sessions Winter Sessions Global Engagement Study Abroad Office of the Provost Student Academic Services University Libraries Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Transfer to Montclair State Summer Sessions Winter Sessions Online Programs High School Students Alumni Connect Benefits and Services Career Resources Get Involved Stay Informed Distinguished Alumni and Speaker Awards Contact Alumni Relations Arts and Culture Arts Community Programs The Film Institute at Montclair State University Galleries Peak Performances Athletics Red Hawk Life Activities and Involvement Arts on Campus Athletics and Recreation Health and Safety Leadership and Career Opportunities Living and Getting Around Campus Pride and Traditions Support Services and Resources Giving Give Now Why Give How to Give Our Donors Contact Giving Foundation Research About the Office of Research Research Compliance Sponsored Programs Data Transfer and Use Agreements Global Compliance and Export Control Forward Thinking FAQ for Students: 8 Steps to Discovering Research Experiences at Montclair State Toolbar Links Student Services Employee Services University Libraries Newsroom Human Resources Jobs Employee Directory Student Directory Information Technology Division NEST NetID Canvas Parking Calendar Bookstore eAccounts Research With Montclair Montclair State University Digital Commons What can we help you find? University Twitter University Facebook University Instagram University YouTube University Tik-Tok Ranked #1 for Your Success Gain a nationally ranked education that pays off. With affordable tuition, world-class research and a direct pipeline to NYC, we empower you to rise higher. Take the next step and apply. Majors & Minors Apply Request Information #1 in NJ Ranked #1 in NJ and #12 in the nation among “America’s Top Online Colleges” by Newsweek. Top 10 Montclair ranked #9 in the nation in social mobility in U.S. News & World Report’s “Best Colleges.” Top 30 Public One of the top 30 public institutions in The Wall Street Journal/College Pulse’s “2026 Best Colleges.” Montclair Online Flexible Programs. Proven Outcomes. Montclair’s online degrees are built for working professionals who want flexibility without compromise. Earn a master’s degree that ranks among the nation’s best, including business, education, information technology and more. Find the right path to accelerate your future—start building it today. Browse Online Programs Explore Montclair Online Campus Community Live the Red Hawk Life There is so much to do and experience at Montclair – jump right in! Exciting student life opportunities are waiting for you. Campus Life Red Hawk Sports for All We offer varsity, intramural and club sports so everyone can join – or cheer on – their favorite Red Hawk team. Red Hawk Athletics Get Involved From student government to Greek life, there are more than 100 clubs and organizations waiting for you to join. Clubs & Organizations Affordable Excellence In addition to low tuition and fees, we offer many options that can help make college affordable, including Tuition-Free Programs, Merit Scholarships, payment plans, loans, grants and work-study programs. New Jersey residents pay just $7,395 in tuition per semester for a full-time bachelor’s degree program, and in-person master’s degrees are competitively priced at $858 per credit. Tuition & Fees Tuition-free Programs University News & Events Montclair Life: Teaching Students to Think for Themselves in the Age of AI How Dr. Freddie Harris uses writing, community research and a deeply human approach to help first-year students navigate – and thrive in – a world transformed by artificial intelligence Wednesday December 10, 2025 Empowering Future College Students: Advice from Montclair Leaders and Professionals Practical college-readiness tips, confidence-building guidance and uplifting insights shared at Montclair’s Women’s Leadership Alliance Conference Wednesday November 26, 2025 The Dogs of Montclair: How Therapy and Service Animals are Changing Campus Life Meet the four-legged friends transforming well-being, community and student life at Montclair State University Thursday November 20, 2025 Why Montclair State University Is a Top Choice for Affordable Tuition, Fastest Payback and Real Student Success Montclair blends affordability, access and real-world experience – helping students launch successful careers right from campus Monday November 10, 2025 More University News Montclair State University Address: 1 Normal Avenue, Montclair, New Jersey 0 7 0 4 3 1 Normal Ave. Montclair, NJ 07043 Phone Number: 973-655-4000 Campus Map University Twitter University Facebook University Instagram University YouTube University TikTok Montclair State University About Montclair Academics Admissions Alumni Arts and Culture Athletics Red Hawk Life Giving Research Policies Copyright and Disclaimer Title IX Information Emergency/Plans Notice of Non-Discrimination Annual Security Report Middle States Accreditation Website Privacy Notice Land Acknowledgement Statement Cost of Attendance Report Ethics Concerns Return to Top