Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer, Hotels, restaurants, casinos in Monaco Our Resort Menu Search Contact us My Account Cart Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer Hotels Hôtel de Paris Monte-Carlo Hôtel Hermitage Monte-Carlo Monte-Carlo Bay Hotel & Resort Monte-Carlo Beach Our 4 Hotels Our Diamond Suites Résidences Our Packages & Offers Casinos Casino de Monte-Carlo Casino Café de Paris Our Casinos Restaurants & bars du Casino Évènements Casino Our games Conditions of Entry Restaurants & bars Our Restaurants Our Bars & Nightclubs Our shows Monte-Carlo Summer Festival Monte-Carlo Jazz Festival Festival des Etoilés Spas & pools Our spas Our pools Thermes Marins Monte-Carlo SPA Clarins & myBlend The spa Monte-Carlo Beach Agenda Monaco Events Monaco shows City Break Grand Prix Musical events Sports events Gastronomic events End of year celebrations Activities Agenda Shopping Gastronomy & wine Sport & boating Tourism Family Well-being Casino & games Partying Weddings or private events Professional event Magazine Inspiration Monaco Nature Trendy Backstage Lifestyle Arty Special section Loyalty programme Discover the programme Benefits and status Status points & My point Earning points Redeem your My Points Book Come to Monaco for unique, unforgettable experiences Book your stay close Advance Purchase Save 20% by booking your stay 45 days prior to your arrival. Get the best experience at the very best rates. Offer is subject to availability. Prepayment in full at the time of booking Bookings cannot be cancelled or refunded From 365 € / per night Discover close City Break Monte-Carlo Enjoy exclusive benefits starting from €395 with complimentary breakfast and daily credit. Easy to access, Monaco is the ideal destination between glamour, culture, gastronomy and wellness under the Mediterranean mildness for an unforgettable city break. From cultural events to culinary delights, through lively nights, all desires are fulfilled for a captivating getaway. Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer, the ultimate Resort to fully enjoy your credit in the restaurants, bars and spas. From 395 € / per night Discover close Family time - Flexible Enjoy a 50% off on the second room for children up to 12 years old and a host of benefits. Celebrate the festive season with your family in the enchanting world of Monaco, where culture and entertainment combine to create a unique family getaway. Experience magical moments at our resort, with charming decorations, sparkling light displays, gourmet New Year’s Eve celebrations and festive workshops for young and old alike. Precious moments to cherish together and make happy family memories. Book your next stay worry-free Flexible offer - may be cancelled, with no pre-payment necessary. Offer is subject to availability. From 630 € per night Discover close Advance Purchase Save 20% by booking your stay 45 days prior to your arrival. Get the best experience at the very best rates. Offer is subject to availability. Prepayment in full at the time of booking Bookings cannot be cancelled or refunded From 365 € / per night Discover close City Break Monte-Carlo Enjoy exclusive benefits starting from €395 with complimentary breakfast and daily credit. Easy to access, Monaco is the ideal destination between glamour, culture, gastronomy and wellness under the Mediterranean mildness for an unforgettable city break. From cultural events to culinary delights, through lively nights, all desires are fulfilled for a captivating getaway. Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer, the ultimate Resort to fully enjoy your credit in the restaurants, bars and spas. From 395 € / per night Discover close Family time - Flexible Enjoy a 50% off on the second room for children up to 12 years old and a host of benefits. Celebrate the festive season with your family in the enchanting world of Monaco, where culture and entertainment combine to create a unique family getaway. Experience magical moments at our resort, with charming decorations, sparkling light displays, gourmet New Year’s Eve celebrations and festive workshops for young and old alike. Precious moments to cherish together and make happy family memories. Book your next stay worry-free Flexible offer - may be cancelled, with no pre-payment necessary. Offer is subject to availability. From 630 € per night Discover close Advance Purchase Save 20% by booking your stay 45 days prior to your arrival. Get the best experience at the very best rates. Offer is subject to availability. Prepayment in full at the time of booking Bookings cannot be cancelled or refunded From 365 € / per night Discover 1 2 3 Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer offers the finest collection of one-of-a-kind experiences in Monaco "This place has to be about dreams, enjoyment, and beauty." François Blanc, founder of Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer. Are you ready to begin your journey? Our hotels are perfect for a relaxing getaway Monaco never ceases to dazzle. Treat yourself to a getaway at one of our luxurious hotels. Live a dream stay Make your own luck at our casinos Casinos are all about feeling. Find the atmosphere that will bring you luck. Take your chance Treat your palate in our elegant restaurants Savour the promise of an exceptional culinary journey. Explore the tastes Find your inner Zen... Discover our selection of unique experiences and achieve ultimate serenity. Relax The night is young: live it up all night long! Glamorous and exciting as always, Monaco nightlife offers fabulous nightclubs and galas. Enjoy the night Let the show begin! A magical setting with legendary artists and an eclectic line-up. Entertain yourself Experience shopping like never before Monte-Carlo Shopping: a collection of the most beautiful luxury brands. Shop the last trends Plan your event in Monaco with our unique offers Monaco is uniquely suited to your events. Explore our extraordinary destination. Plan your event Best rate guarantee Direct service 24/7 Advantages and exclusive offers Reservations guaranteed Resort Concierge Service Monte-Carlo Inspiration, your luxury and lifestyle magazine in Monaco Festive Activities, Illuminations & Christmas Market in Monte-Carlo From entertainment, illuminations to Christmas markets , find out where to go in Monaco to enjoy a magical festive season . Find out more Monopoly Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer: the legendary game reinvented Découvrez l'édition collector du Monopoly Monte-Carlo, une création exclusive qui met en lumière l'excellence, le patrimoine et l'art de vivre unique de la Principauté. Find out more The best restaurants & events for Christmas in Monaco Discover how the different restaurants in Monaco are celebrating Christmas and what the Principality’s chefs are preparing for an unforgettable Christmas meal experience. Find out more OFFER MAGICAL MOMENTS TASTE, THRILL, CELEBRATE!
Be sure to please with personalized gift cards, to use throughout Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer Resort. Discover our gift cards Virtual tour Play #my montecarlo Monte Carlo Facebook Instagram Twitter Tiktok Youtube Linkedin Wechat Pinterest Select your language English Français Italiano Deutsch Русский 中文語言 ABOUT US Corporate website Careers Finance Press center Transport Shooting request OUR CATEGORIES OF SERVICES Hotels Casinos Restaurants Bars & Nightclubs Wellness and Leisure Shows and concerts Shopping Meetings and events Get to know us better Our offers Agenda Monte-Carlo Inspiration Virtual Tour Gift Ideas Loyalty program Go sustainable ! Pets policy Responsible Gaming Weather in Monaco Christmas Market in Monaco Things to do in Monaco Need some help? Contact FAQ Hotel Reservations + 377 98 06 41 51 Show Reservations +377 98 06 36 36 Thermes Marins Monte-Carlo Reservations +377 98 06 69 00 Informations + 377 98 06 20 00 Loyalty program +377 98 06 55 55 Newsletter Follow our latest news & get the best offers Subscribe to our newsletter Legal notice Credits Best rate guarantee Gaming room rules and regulations Privacy Policy Cookie Policy General sales terms Sitemap Cookies settings Monte-Carlo Société des Bains de Mer