Thomas Jefferson's Monticello, Charlottesville, VA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Bring the Spirit of 1776 into 2026 Make a gift to Monticello for America's 250th Donate Now Close Thomas Jefferson's Monticello Menu Close Search Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Calendar For Educators Donate Shop This is Monticello Home of the author of the Declaration of Independence . A World Heritage Site , historic house and plantation , museum , research institute , presidential library , and private, non-profit organization . Open Today – 10:00AM - 4:30PM More Hours Visit Monticello in December Helpful Tips Space is limited – reserve tickets now! Operating hours » Directions to Monticello » Check out our Calendar of Events » Plan Your Visit Experience Monticello Events Celebrate America's 250th Birthday at Monticello Join us in 2025 and 2026 for an array of special tours, engaging programs, and family activities that celebrate American independence and honor the fight for equality and freedom. Learn More New Tour Founding Friends, Founding Foes Tour Our new tour explores the friendship and conflict between Thomas Jefferson and John Adams that shaped our nation’s founding. Learn More New Program Virginia 250 Passport Monticello joins 70 premier historic destinations in Virginia in a statewide tourism program celebrating America’s 250th. Collect stamps and receive discounts at participating institutions. Learn More Sign Up Now Declaration Book Club This engaging three-part reading and discussion tool kit is designed for learners of all ages to delve into the enduring principles of the Declaration of Independence and their relevance today. Learn More New Strategic Plan Climb the Mountain, Discover America Our new strategic plan looks to seize the generational opportunity of 2026 and position Monticello as the nation's top historical destination. Read the plan On Display Declaration of Independence See a rare engraving of the Declaration and learn more about how it went from the tip of Jefferson's quill to an international icon of democracy. Learn how to see it What's Happening Step into the fascinating and complex world of Monticello, Thomas Jefferson’s mountaintop home and plantation. December Get Ready for the Holidays at Monticello Join us for the rare opportunity to experience Monticello after dark on a Holiday Evening Tour. Learn More Pursuits of Knowledge January - June Holiday Gift Catalog Shop top gifts of 2025 View Events Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness Thomas Jefferson Get to know Thomas Jefferson—author of the Declaration of Independence and the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom, third president of the United States, and founder of the University of Virginia. Explore his life and legacies An Architectural Icon The House and Gardens Monticello is the autobiographical masterpiece of Thomas Jefferson—designed and redesigned and built and rebuilt for more than forty years. Its gardens were a botanic showpiece, a source of food, and an experimental laboratory of ornamental and useful plants from around the world. Explore the House and Grounds online Slavery at Monticello Thomas Jefferson enslaved over six hundred people throughout his life. Learn about the men, women, and children who lived and labored on this plantation. Explore this topic ADDRESS: 1050 Monticello Loop Charlottesville, VA 22902 GENERAL INFORMATION: (434) 984-9800 Thomas Jefferson's Monticello Mapping Address Monticello 1050 Monticello Loop Charlottesville , VA 22902 General Information (434) 984-9800 THOMAS JEFFERSON FOUNDATION ® Helpful Links About Hours of Operation Mailing Address Contact Us Get Email Updates Press Jobs, Internships, and Volunteering Terms of Use & Privacy Policy World Heritage Site Site of Conscience Accessibility Livestreams, Videos, and Podcasts Celebrate America's 250th at Monticello Sitemap Connect Facebook Instagram X Pinterest TripAdvisor YouTube Flickr monticello.org - Charlottesville VA Monticello and the University of Virginia in Charlottesville inscribed on the World Heritage List in 1987 United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Calendar For Educators Donate Shop Plan Your Visit Buy Tickets Hours of Operation Directions & Parking Tips for Visiting Calendar of Events Special Rates and Discounts Food and Shopping Jefferson Vineyards Adult & School Groups The Saunders-Monticello Trail Exhibits & Events Calendar of Events Private Events Exhibits at the Visitor Center Exhibits at the House Online Exhibits Blog Livestreams, Videos, and Podcasts Monticello Magazine Get Email Updates Thomas Jefferson Biography of Jefferson The Declaration of Independence The Statute for Religious Freedom The University of Virginia Louisiana and Lewis & Clark Jefferson and... House & Gardens The House Flower Gardens Vegetable Gardens Virtual Tours of Monticello Fruit Gardens Farm and Gardens Landscape Features In Bloom at Monticello Thomas Jefferson Center for Historic Plants Slavery Jefferson and Slavery People Enslaved at Monticello Life on the Monticello Plantation Slavery FAQs Exploring Slavery at Monticello Research & Education Thomas Jefferson Encyclopedia Collections Database For Educators For Scholars