Montgomery County Maryland Skip to main content Montgomery County, MD Government County Web Accessibility information including Alternative Format Requests for Disabled Users are provided on this page. Alert eSubscription Facebook X YouTube Flickr Instagram Twitter/X for Marc Elrich County Executive Toggle Navigation Services MC311 All Services I Want to... Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. I Want to... File a Complaint Get a License or Permit Make a Payment Obtain Social Services Request Bus Information Request Trash or Recycling Services Discuss Personal or Property Tax Top Services Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Requests to Discuss Property Tax Bill* Bulk Trash/Scrap Metal Pick-Up Request* Schedule Schedule DPS Building Residential Construction Related Permitting Inspections 22 Gallon Bin (Bottles/Cans/Jars Recycling)* Ride On Trip Planning Name and Telephone Number of DPS Building Inspector Online Services Make Payments Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Personal Property Tax Real Property Taxes RideOn Bus & Metro Fares Parking Tickets Speed/Red Light Camera Bag Tax Registration Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. County Vendors Hauler Disposal Account ActiveMONTGOMERY eSubscription Report Complaints Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. File Consumer Complaints Cable Service Complaints Fire Code Violations Ride On Complaints Environmental Complaints Permit Violations Landlord-Tenant Complaints Others Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Wholesale Liquor Orders County Contract Search Residents Public Library Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Library Home Ask a Librarian Branches & Hours Your Account Card Registration Find Books Transportation Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Ride On Parking Commuting Services Traffic Camera Trip Planning Recycling Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Blue Bin Request Bulk Trash Holiday Schedule Scrap Metal Transfer Station Recreation Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Recreation Home Activity Registration Aquatics Programs Facility Locations Sports Programs Athletic Fields Health & Social Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Health & Human Services Seniors Infants, Kids & Teens Flu Vaccinations Disability Services Emergencies Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Planning for Emergencies Snow Emergency Crisis Services Flood Family Justice Center Culture & Leisure Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Art & Humanities Art & Humanities Council Then & Now Gilchrist Center Visit Montgomery Resident Services Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Housing Animal Services Regional Service Centers Consumer Protection Business Government Submit MPIA Requests County Jobs News Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. County News Press Release Media Advisories County Calendar County Cable Montgomery County Updates Departments Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Complete List of Departments Public Library Transportation Health & Human Services Recreation Consumer Protection Environmental Protection Permitting Services Inspector General Public Safety Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Police Fire & Rescue Correction & Rehabilition Homeland Security Sheriff Mental Health Resources for Public Safety Agencies Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Montgomery College Public Schools Revenue Authority Montgomery Parks Montgomery Planning Planning Board WSSC Water Housing Opportunities Commission (HOC) Court & Legal Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Circuit Court District Court of MD Register of Wills State's Attorney Jury Service Court Services Employees Click enter key to open sub-menu tier. Human Resources Retirement Employee Phone Book AccessMCG ePortal AccessMCG Extranet Contact Us County Executive County Executive Vision Statement Biography Office Staff Boards, Committees and Commissions Internal Audit Previous County Executives County Council Council Home Meet the Councilmembers Find Council Meetings & Agendas Council Calendar Find Legislation & Resolutions Calendar County Executive Marc Elrich Alert eSubscription Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr RSS Twitter Montgomery Gives Local Montgomery County Executive Marc Elrich is encouraging residents to participate in the Montgomery Gives Local campaign as the holiday season begins. The campaign highlights local nonprofit organizations that continue to face increased demand for services. Read the press release . Visit the County's volunteer center . Summer Camp Fairs Planning for summer starts now! Montgomery County Recreation will host free Summer Camp Fairs in January where families can explore camp options, meet staff, enjoy activities, and learn about Rec Assist financial aid. Saturday, January 10, 2026, 1 – 4 p.m. at Germantown Recreation Center. Sunday, January 11, 2026, 1 – 4 p.m. at Marilyn J. Praisner Community Recreation Center. Resources for All Residents Impacted by Federal Government Actions Montgomery County Government is committed to supporting our residents affected by federal government decisions. This webpage brings together key federal, state, and local resources to help impacted federal employees, contractors, and their families access financial assistance, employment services, housing protections, food support, and other essential resources. Visit the Website for more information Speak Up, Save a Life **Attention Students!** The Montgomery County State’s Attorney’s Office invites middle and high schoolers to participate in the “ Speak Up, Save a Life ” video contest from Oct. 9 to Jan. 4, 2026. Create an original PSA about the dangers of opioids and fentanyl for a chance to win prizes up to $5,000! Winners announced at the “Save a Student Summit” on Jan. 31, 2026. Plus, earn 10 SSL hours! Don't miss out! Plastic is out The Bring Your Own Bag Law amends the County’s current law related to the use of plastic and paper carryout bags. The law takes effect January 1, 2026. The most significant changes in the new law are an increase in the bag tax to 10 cents (of which the retailer gets to keep 5 cents) and a prohibition on the use of plastic carryout bags. Businesses in some municipalities in Montgomery County are exempt from the prohibition on the use of plastic bags. Visit the website for more information Previous Next Featured Sites Calendar News Montgomery County Update County Cable Montgomery County Press Releases | Council Press Releases | Homepage Slider Archive Gift Outside the Box Winter Registration Electric Leaf Blower Registration for Winter Programs & Activities. Winter registration now underway. Register at Active Montgomery . Gas Leaf Blowers Are Out, Electric Are In Montgomery County updated the noise law to address the environmental, noise, and health concerns related to gas-powered leaf blowers and leaf vacuums. Effective July 1, 2025, the use of handheld, backpack, and walk-behind gas-powered leaf removal equipment is banned in Montgomery County. Visit Montgomerycountymd.gov/leafblowers for more information. Featured Programs Property Taxes View property tax records to view and/or make payments on-line by credit card or bank account as appropriate. More Information MCG Careers Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. More Information Minimum Wage Increase See the minimum wage in Montgomery County as of July 1, 2025. The size of the increase is determined by the number of workers employed by the business. More Information MPIA Request When requesting public records maintained by Montgomery County Government, please reference the contact list and forward your inquiry to the appropriate departmental representative(s). More Information Open Budget Provides you with an intuitive way to understand how our budget is structured and get the answers you need. More Information Solicitation Tracker View the status of a solicitation from issuance to contract execution. Begin by entering a solicitation number or description. More Information Flooding website Learn more about flood insurance, reporting flooding, and the Flood Management Plan aid long-term strategic planning for flood mitigation. More Information Climate Action The Climate Action portal brings the County’s array of climate planning, progress, and action under one, easy-to-navigate website. More Information Pothole Repair The county relies on the repair requests made by residents through the County’s MC311 system. More Information Accessory Dwelling Units (ADU) An Accessory Dwelling Unit is a residential unit that is either added to an existing one-family dwelling or in a separate accessory structure on the same lot as an existing one-family dwelling. Find more information. More Information Boards, Committees and Commissions The County Executive and County Council encourage people who live or work in Montgomery County to become actively involved in matters affecting the quality of life in Montgomery County. More Information Montgomery County Update News and information from Montgomery County Office of Public Information. More Information dataMONTGOMERY Direct access to County data sets in consumable formats is available here. The public can review and analyze, and use the data sets for a variety of purposes. More Information CountyStat See how the County and its departments are performing by exploring performance dashboards and data visualizations. More Information VisionZero The draft Vision Zero 2030 Action Plan was released for public comment on April 15.
Learn more about the plan and attend an upcoming community talk using the link below. More Information Inspector General Hotline Report Fraud, Waste, or Abuse Related to the County Government, Independent County Agencies, or Montgomery County Funded Educational Systems More Information Foster Parents Raise hope and
foster dreams...
Become A Foster Parent
in Montgomery County! More Information SafeSpeed Find the locations of safe speed and red light cameras, and how to pay a speed camera citation on-line. More Information Community Guide for Immigrant Residents The Gilchrist Center is committed to doing everything we can do to ensure that all residents of Montgomery County feel safe and valued. More Information County Cable County Cable Montgomery (CCM) is on Comcast and RCN Ch 6, and Verizon on Ch 30. More Information eSubscription Email Subscribe Sign up for a newsletter or update your subscription preferences. Stay Informed Awards Contact Us County Cable Montgomery Social Media Directory Employment Opportunities Employee Directory Policies Privacy Policy User Rights Accessibility Language Translations Social Media County Code Translation The Google Translate Tool is displayed dynamically on Montgomery County web pages using a Google javascript function. The function is used to translate County web pages into different languages. However, the Google function displays a drop-down menu form field (with no label) and a Google logo image which has no alt tag. Google is aware of this issue. Copyright 2025 Montgomery County Government - All Rights Reserved. Go Top