Skip to Content
Sign up
Personal
Business
Previous slide
Slide 1 of 2
Slide 2 of 2
Next slide
Monzo for all your money

Get clear on your spending. Unlock smarter ways to save. Invest with confidence.

Open a free bank account

UK residents. Ts&Cs apply.

Invest in what matters to you

Start with as little as £1 and choose investments that suit your goals, interests and the level of risk you're happy with.

You could get back less than you invest.

Explore Monzo Investments

You need a Monzo current account to use Investments. UK residents 18+. Ts&Cs apply.

Tell me about...
Bank accounts
Savings
Investments
Credit
Travel
Mortgages
Pensions
Free features
Paid features
Manage your money today
Get instant notifications, spending insights, and Pots to separate your money, with a free Monzo bank account.
Sort your salary
Send your salary to allocated Pots as soon as you get paid.
Separate your money
Create up to 20 Pots to keep things organised.
Earn while you spend
Shop and earn cashback at top brands like Asda, Boots and National Express.
Get paid early
Get paid one business day early, as long as you're paid by Bacs.
Which? recommended 2 years in a row
Join 14 million people already banking with Monzo.
Join Monzo for free
Humans on hand, 24/7
You can speak to a real-life human through our in-app chat – whenever, wherever. We're here for you 24/7.
Join Monzo for free
Save
Invest
Retire
Build your money for tomorrow
Save for the things that matter.
Earn 2.75% interest
Earn 2.75% AER interest (variable) with an Instant Access Savings Pot or Instant Access Cash ISA.
Save with roundups
Automatically turn spare change into savings every time you spend. Interest is paid monthly.
Get clear on your goals
Give your Savings Pots a purpose with targets, names and images.
It all starts with a hot coral card
Current account

Our signature hot coral current account that fits your finances. 

Enjoy fee-free payments abroad, instant notifications, credit insights, Pots and automated roundups. 

Learn more

UK residents. Ts&Cs apply.

Flex

An award-winning credit card with Section 75 protection.

Get credit you can count on with a credit limit up to £10,000, 29% APR representative (variable), £1,200 credit limit, 29% yearly interest (variable).

Learn more

Eligibility criteria and Ts&Cs apply. Age 18+. UK residents. Not keeping up with payments may negatively impact your credit score. Each purchase is repaid over a maximum of 24 monthly payments.

Joint account

A shared bank account that helps you manage joint costs.

Get dedicated joint account cards, and save together with Instant Access Savings Pots.

Learn more

You'll both need a Monzo account. Aged 18+. UK residents. Ts&Cs apply.

Max

Protect the things that matter with worldwide travel and phone insurance, UK & Europe breakdown cover, and more.

Upgrade your current account from £17 a month.

Learn more

Ages 18-69. UK residents. 3 month minimum term. Ts&Cs apply.

Perks

Enjoy the best of Monzo with a boosted savings rate and added benefits like an annual Railcard and weekly Greggs treat.

Upgrade your current account for £7 a month.

Learn more

Age 18+. UK residents. Ts&Cs apply.

Extra

Unlock more money tools, see your other banks and credit cards in Monzo, and create custom spending categories.

Upgrade your current account for £3 a month.

Learn more

Age 18+. UK residents. Ts&Cs apply.

Under 16s account

A free account for kids that keeps up as they grow up.

Set spending limits and see what they're up to with instant notifications.

Learn more

Ages 6-15. UK residents. 18+ parent/guardian account needed. Ts&Cs apply.

Under 16s account

A free account for kids that keeps up as they grow up.

Set spending limits and see what they're up to with instant notifications.

Learn more

Ages 6-15. UK residents. 18+ parent/guardian account needed. Ts&Cs apply.

Under 16s account

A free account for kids that keeps up as they grow up.

Set spending limits and see what they're up to with instant notifications.

Learn more

Ages 6-15. UK residents. 18+ parent/guardian account needed. Ts&Cs apply.

Business account

An account packed with everything you need to make life easier for you and your customers.

Awarded Best Business Banking Provider at the 2024 British Bank Awards.

Learn more

Only sole traders or limited company directors in the UK can apply. Ts&Cs apply.

14 million personal and business customers have changed the way they bank
Security you can bank on

Keep your money safe with industry-first fraud protection and 24/7 support.

How we protect your money
Call Status

This feature tells you if you're really speaking to Monzo, or if it could be a scammer. It helps prevent 700 fraud attempts a month.

Instant notifications

Get notified the second you spend, so you're in the know wherever you go.

Card freeze

Instantly freeze your card in the app if it gets lost, stolen or you suspect fraud.

Biometric login

Switch on face or fingerprint ID to unlock your app and authorise payments.

Extra security controls

Add an extra layer of protection when making large payments. Use known locations, a secret QR code or trusted contacts to verify it's you.

Download the app
Open the App Store on your iPhone, or Google Play Store on your Android device. Search for Monzo. Tap ‘Install’ or ‘Get’ to download the app.
No phone? No problem.
If you lose your phone, log into your account on another device, like a laptop or tablet. You can freeze and unfreeze your accounts and check your transactions and balance.
Log in
Did you know?
1.4 million

customers joined the Monzo 1p Saving Challenge in 2025.

£131

is how much extra our customers save on average each year using roundups.

£8.5 billion

is the total amount our customers are saving in Instant Access Savings Pots.

700

fraud attempts are caught each month thanks to our Call Status feature.

£4.56 million

was the total cashback earned by Monzo customers in 2024.

Join over 14 million customers who are doing more with their money
Join Monzo today
Reset
Published August 2025
Independent service

Personal current accounts

As part of a regulatory requirement, independent surveys were conducted to ask customers of the largest personal current account providers in Great Britain and Northern Ireland if they would recommend their provider to friends and family. The results represent the view of customers who took part in the survey.

Great Britain
View full results for Great Britain
Northern Ireland
View full results for Northern Ireland
Published August 2024
Authorised push payment (APP) fraud rankings in 2023

Authorised push payment (APP) scams happen when someone is tricked into transferring money to a fraudster's bank account.

These charts use data given to the Payment Systems Regulator by major banking groups in the UK in 2023.

You can read the full report by visiting www.psr.org.uk/app-fraud-data.

Share of APP fraud refunded

This is the proportion of total APP fraud losses that were reimbursed, ranked out of 14 firms.

See full results
APP fraud sent per £million transactions

This is the amount of money sent from the victim's account to the scammer, ranked out of 14 firms.
For example, for every £1 million of Monzo's transactions sent in 2023, £213 was lost to APP scams.

See full results
APP fraud received per £million transactions: smaller UK banks and payment firms

This is the amount of money received into the scammer's account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and payment firms.
For example, for every £1 million received into consumer accounts at Skrill, £18,550 of it was APP scams.

See full results
APP fraud received per £million transactions: major UK banks and building societies

This is the amount of money received into the scammer's account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and building societies.
For example, for every £1 million received into consumer accounts at Monzo, £183 of it was APP scams.

See full results
Site information and links
Products
Current accounts
Business accounts
Savings
Credit cards
Loans
Investments
Pensions
Home Insurance
Company
Careers
Press
Blog
Investor information
Helping everyone belong
Modern slavery statement
Using Monzo
Web app login
Accessibility
Life events
Terms and Conditions
Savings hub
Personal loan calculator
Currency Converter
1p Savings Challenge
Help and security
Help centre
FAQs
Fraud protection
Security at Monzo
Money worries
FSCS information
Site and app information
Privacy notice
Cookie notice
Browser support policy
Mobile operating system support policy
App performance
🇬🇧
United Kingdom | English


Monzo Bank Limited is a company registered in England and Wales (No.09446231). Monzo Bank Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Our financial Services Register number is 730427. Our address is Broadwalk House, 5 Appold St, London EC2A 2AG.

Can we use optional cookies?

We’re not talking about the crunchy, tasty kind. These cookies help us keep our website safe, give you a better experience and show more relevant ads. You can learn more about our cookie policy

Accept all
Reject all
Customise