Invest In Private Equity and Alternatives | Moonfare Moonfare Log in Start investing Open main menu Invest Our solution How It works Private equity investing with Moonfare Product features and benefits Discover the benefits of Moonfare's online platform and how to start investing today Secondary market Buy/sell allocations before maturity Products Direct funds Invest in handpicked individual funds Co-investments Invest directly in companies with exciting potential Secondaries Diversify and unlock potentially faster distributions Semi liquid Gain immediate exposure and liquidity access Portfolio of funds Diversify with a single low-minimum investment DISCOVER Potentially faster distributions via secondaries Subject to eligibility. If you do decide to invest, your capital is at risk. Resources Learn PE Masterclass The ins and outs of private market investing Blog Our latest industry insights and company news Webinars and videos Frank discussions with GPs and other industry experts White papers Our proprietary research PE Email Course NEW The basics of the asset class covered in six emails Newsletter The Satellite Help FAQ Everything from the basics to the fine print Insights The case for PE in a 2026 portfolio With public market valuations at historic highs and volatility risks rising, private equity could serve as a compelling portfolio diversifier. Find out more. Company About About Us Our mission and history Who We Are The team behind Moonfare Media centre Resources for journalists and editors Contact How to reach us Careers Opportunity Knocks Learn about our culture and explore open roles Community Events Everything from the basics to the fine print IN THE NEWS Financial Times: Letter to the Editor The end of ultra-low interest rates has changed the PE model. Log in Start investing Your browser does not support the video tag. Outlook 2026 Restarting the PE flywheel Private markets. Only the exceptional. Access highly sought-after private market investments and hidden gems, hard to find elsewhere. Start investing About Moonfare Beyond the obvious in private markets. We offer institutional-quality opportunities from established and emerging managers we trust to outperform benchmarks. Each year, we review thousands of funds with only 20 to 30 earning a place on our platform. This highly curated yet broad range helps you diversify across asset classes, strategies, sectors and geographies. Our product offering Diversify to capture more opportunities. Access a wide selection of private market strategies to complement your broader portfolio and align with your ambitions. Direct funds Opportunities to invest directly in funds from established private market GPs and exceptional emerging managers. 100K Learn More + Portfolio of funds Portfolios created by Moonfare each including diversified investments across multiple funds from leading GPs. Tailored to align with different strategies. 50K Learn More + Co-investments Access to co-investment opportunities alongside GPs, allowing clients to invest in selected deals with shared interest. 50K Learn More + Semi liquid Flexible investment products with semi-liquid structures, designed to offer liquidity options not typically available in private equity. 25K Learn More + Secondaries A well-rounded portfolio offering diversified exposure, shorter J-curves and the potential for more consistent returns. 25K Learn More + Why Moonfare? Personal, paperless and primed for performance. Invest with ease and confidence – backed by expert insights, personalised support and a global community of sophisticated investors. Hyper-selected funds We rigorously vet each investment opportunity, covering 250+ fund managers and analysing over 5.000 funds to bring you only the best of the best. Every fund goes through thorough due diligence before it reaches you. Decades of expertise Benefit from our deep industry knowledge and connections. Led by our CEO with 20+ years in private equity – including roles as Managing Director and Head of Germany at KKR – our team offers insights and opportunities hard to find anywhere else. Dedicated relationship manager All our investors have a local relationship manager. Whenever you need support – by phone, email or in person – they’re here to make investing easy. For specific inquiries, our senior investment team is also just a call away. Fully digital We’ve made private equity paperless. From onboarding and subscription to capital calls, distributions and reporting, every step of your investment journey is fully digitised and right at your fingertips. Engaged community Join our network of 75,000+ members who connect through Moonfare. From webinars and deal talks to 50+ gatherings across 16+ countries, our community thrives on shared insights and genuine connections. Secondary market flexibility As your needs change, you can buy or sell stakes on our secondary market. With 4,000+ active members, our platform lets you adjust your investments and portfolio as you go. Who’s behind Moonfare? Industry leading experts, at your side Our experienced investment team and committee bring steady judgement and deep connections to guide you at every step. Investment Committee Investment Team Dr. Steffen Pauls Former Managing Director at KKR Magnus Grufman Former Investor at Apax Partners Sanjay Gupta Former Chief Investment Officer at Moonfare Thomas Jetter Former Senior Partner at Permira Frederick Goltz Former Senior Partner at KKR Bill Murphy Former Managing Director at Greenhill & Co. Drag to explore Interview series Dive into 'Deal Talk'. Hosted by our Founder and Co-CEO, Dr Steffen Pauls, this webinar series offers rare insights from world-leading private equity dealmakers. Learn More + Be part of the future of Private Equity. Connect with 75,000+ like-minded members, C-level executives, entrepreneurial families and sophisticated investors – who share your ambition and values. Join now About Moonfare Moonfare aims to lead a new era of private equity investing by creating the opportunity for higher returns for more people. We are building the world's most engaged investor community to inspire investments that drive the world forward. Start investing Log in Follow us Invest How it works Direct funds Portfolio of funds Secondary market FAQ Learn PE Masterclass Blog Webinars White Papers Newsletter Company About us Team Press Career Contact Imprint Privacy Notice Terms of service Platform security Important disclaimers Website data collection SFDR statement RI Policy Important information This is a marketing communication. Moonfare does not make investment recommendations and no communication, through this website or in any other medium should be construed as a recommendation for any security offered on or off this investment platform. Alternative investments in private placements, and private equity investments via feeder funds in particular, are speculative and involve a high degree of risk and those investors who cannot afford to lose their entire investment should not invest. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk warnings and disclosures for the respective fund or investment vehicle set out therein. The value of an investment may go down as well as up and investors may not get back their money originally invested. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. An investment in a fund or investment vehicle is not the same as a deposit with a banking institution. Please refer to the respective fund documentation for details about potential risks, charges and expenses. Additionally, investors will typically receive illiquid and/or restricted membership interests that may be subject to holding period requirements and/or liquidity concerns. In the most sensible investment strategy for private equity investing, private equity should only be part of your overall investment portfolio. Further, the private equity portion of your portfolio may include a balanced portfolio of different private equity funds. Investments in private equity are highly illiquid and those investors who cannot hold an investment for the long term (at least 10 years) should not invest. 1 Minimum investment may vary by country and local regulation. 2 Source: McKinsey "Private Markets Annual Review 2022" 3 Past performance is no guarantee of future returns.