Moonlight Game Streaming: Play Your PC Games Remotely Moonlight Open source game streaming client Github Setup Guide Community Discord Suggestions Host Downloads Sunshine GeForce Experience Internet Hosting Tool Client Downloads Windows, MacOS, Linux, Steam Link, and Raspberry Pi 4 iOS and Apple TV Android Amazon FireOS Google ChromeOS Playstation Vita Homebrew Xbox One and Xbox Series S|X Nintendo Switch Homebrew Wii U Homebrew LG webOS TV Homebrew Single-board computers FAQ What is Moonlight? Moonlight allows you to play your PC games on almost any device, whether you're in another room or miles away from your gaming rig. Moonlight (formerly Limelight) is an open source implementation of NVIDIA's GameStream protocol. We implemented the protocol used by the NVIDIA Shield and wrote a set of 3rd party clients. You can stream your collection of PC games from your gaming PC to any supported device and play them remotely. Moonlight is perfect for gaming on the go without sacrificing the graphics and game selection available on PC. Moonlight in Action Features Stream at up to 4K with HDR support If you can see it on your PC, you can stream it using Moonlight , including your full Windows desktop at 4K with HDR on a capable client. Support for 120 FPS streaming Stream at up to 120 FPS using the Moonlight PC client with the option to disable V-Sync for the lowest possible latency. Run your own cloud gaming server You can host your own gaming server on many residential ISPs using port forwarding, IPv6, software-defined virtual networks (ZeroTier, Tailscale, NordVPN Meshnet), and more. Multiple client platforms If you have an Android device, iOS device, Apple TV, PC or Mac, Chromebook, PS Vita, Nintendo Switch, Wii U, Raspberry Pi, or even a LG webOS TV, you can use Moonlight to stream games to it. Open source The code for our Moonlight clients is hosted on GitHub under the GPLv3 license. We welcome contributions and would be happy to help with ports to new platforms. Completely free Moonlight is a project run by the community, not a company. We have no interest in pushing ads, bundled services, paid versions with extra features, or subscriptions. Download Moonlight Moonlight for PC, Mac, and more Stream to Windows, MacOS, Linux, Steam Link devices, and Raspberry Pi 4 Download Moonlight for ChromeOS Stream to ChromeOS laptops and tablets Moonlight for Android Stream to Android devices Moonlight for iOS & Apple TV Stream to iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple TV Moonlight Embedded Stream to single-board computers Download Moonlight for Xbox Stream to Xbox One and Xbox Series S|X Consoles (Community Port) Moonlight for PS Vita (Homebrew) Stream to a Homebrew-enabled PlayStation Vita (Community port) Download Moonlight for Nintendo Switch (Homebrew) Stream to a Homebrew-enabled Nintendo Switch (Community port) Download Moonlight for Wii U (Homebrew) Stream to a Homebrew-enabled Wii U (Community port) Download Moonlight for LG webOS TVs (Homebrew) Stream to a LG webOS TV in Developer Mode (Community port) Download Compatible hosts Sunshine An open-source host made from the ground up for Moonlight, Sunshine is the recommended host to start streaming with Moonlight. Download GeForce Experience The original software to stream games to the NVIDIA SHIELD and Moonlight clients, GeForce Experience and its SHIELD streaming feature are now being discontinued by NVIDIA. Download Wolf A part of the Games on Whales project, Wolf allows streaming games and applications running inside Docker containers to Moonlight clients. More details Getting Started Are you ready to stream? Check out our Setup Guide for tips on how to get started. Have a
				question? Check our FAQ page to see if it's already answered there. Seasoned Moonlight user? Give back to the
				community by joining our Discord and helping other users. Setup Guide FAQ Suggestions Discord Who We Are Moonlight was created by Case Western Reserve University students as a project at the MHacks hackathon in 2013 and further developed at MHacks and HackCWRU in 2014. Cameron Gutman Diego Waxemberg Aaron Neyer Michelle Bergeron Andrew Hennessy Aidan Campbell Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android, Google Play, and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. GeForce, Shield, and GameStream are trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. © 2020 . All rights reserved.