Products 
Solutions 
Customers
Pricing
Company 
GET STARTED
REQUEST DEMO
The European #1 Feedback Software for Web, App and Email
You know what users are doing
Now find out why
GET STARTED
REQUEST DEMO
See our customers
Our Product

Take the step to truly understand your users

1
BUILD
2
DEPLOY
3
ANALYSE
Shape your own surveys

Creating feedback forms should be easy, and with Mopinion, it is!

Quickly build fully customised forms for your websites, apps, and email campaigns by picking and choosing between a large variety of question types and popular metrics.

To make them truly yours, tailor the design, smileys and image assets of your feedback forms to reflect your brand for a seamless customer experience.

Start collecting easily

To gather truly valuable insights, you need to capture feedback at the right time – on the pages and moments that matter most. Catch your users where it’s relevant for them in their digital journey!

With Mopinion, you can easily trigger your feedback forms to display based on specific events or user behaviour. Not to mention, on high-impact pages, like your checkout, FAQs or account section.

Gain meaningful insights

Let AI do the heavy lifting and turn raw feedback into actionable insights for you.

Mopinion offers automated solutions to categorise and visualise your qualitative and quantitative data – uncovering trends in user behaviour and sentiments in the blink of an eye.

Putting the customer experience at the forefront of your organisation has never been easier!

Mopinion for Websites
Get the inside scoop on how your customers experience your website so that you can drive strategy and boost engagement.
Read more 
Mopinion for Apps
Mopinion for Email
Insights and Actions

Collecting feedback is just half the battle. Leverage these insights for growth and improvement.

Learn how Mopinion can help you understand your online customers and use these insights to create the perfect online experience.

Read more about analytics 
Expert-designed forms for every touchpoint

It is time for digital-first enterprises to take control of the entire online journey

Customer Satisfaction

Customer Satisfaction is considered one of the top scoring methods among businesses for measuring loyalty to your brand.

See live example
Customer Effort Score

The Goal Completion Rate measures whether your visitor has completed a specific goal and the Customer Effort Score measures how much effort it took to achieve this goal.

See live example
Net Promoter Score

NPS provides a benchmark that is indicative of customer success. It tells you how likely your customers are to recommend your business.

See live example
Conversational

Conversational feedback forms are intuitive and engaging surveys that to respondents feel like chat conversations.

See live example
What market leaders have to say

We have experienced nearly 60% more engagement with our conversational feedback surveys as opposed to the standard, passive surveys. It seems that our customers perceive this type of survey as more of a conversation rather than a poll.

Fran Jordan

Design & Content Chapter Lead

Read full story 

We didn’t know what our customers required from our website. There was a need to gather feedback as fast as possible to learn and improve our shopping experience.

Emiel Hoosemans

Lead Conversion Specialist

Read full story 

Mopinion allows us to ask targeted questions that help us better understand the customer. The insights help us identify where and how we can improve the journey so as to better cater to our visitors and their questions.

Lars Harmsen

Head of User Experience

Read full story 

Mopinion offers a lot of features that make the tool much more valuable than its competitors. One of most attractive features for us, in fact, was the amount of customisation options available.

Silviu Oprean

Growth Marketing

Read full story 
Mopinion plays well with others

From web analytics and CRM tools to Project Management and A/B Testing, we integrate seamlessly with all of your favorite digital marketing tools.

View all integrations 
Awards & Recognition
Read more
Read more
Read more
Read more
Read more
See what Mopinion can do for your business
GET STARTED
REQUEST DEMO
Product
Mopinion for Websites
Mopinion for Apps
Mopinion for Email
Insights & Actions
Smart Recaps
Conversational Feedback
Accessibility
Integrations
Technology
Mobile SDK Downloads
Pricing
Resources
Blog
Customer Stories
Whitepapers
Webinars
Podcast
Knowledge Base
Developer API
Changelog
Status
Company
About us
Contact us
Leadership
Partners
Careers
Customers
Try for Free
Request a Demo
Terms & Conditions
Policies
Security & ISO 27001
 Language 

Hosted and made with ❤️ in the EU | © 2025 Mopinion All Rights Reserved

We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary to properly operate this site. Others are for analytical or marketing purposes.

Let me choose
Accept necessary onlyAccept all