Home | Museum of Science Skip to main content Log in Become a Member Donate Shop Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Search Get Tickets Get Tickets Search Close Modal Search the Museum Submit Search Trending Topics Climate Change Public Science Common Space Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Main navigation Discover Something New Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Back By Topic Space Animals Climate Change Life Science Artificial Intelligence Engineering Women In STEM By Media Type Articles Podcasts Videos By Series Everyday Awesome Genes in Action Pulsar Science Hacks Spacing Out Newsletters News & Events Earthshift Spacing Out That's Life Centers for Public Science Learning Public Science Common Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Visit the Museum Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Back Today's Schedule Plan Your Trip Pricing & Hours Directions Museum Map Digital Guide Code of Conduct Accessibility Eating at the Museum Ways to Save Visitor FAQ Exhibits Immersive Theaters All Theaters 4-D Films Omni Films Planetarium Shows Live Presentations & Activities Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Explore Events Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Back All Events SubSpace: Adult Experiences Member Events Fundraising Events Private Events & Rentals Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Teaching STEM Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Back Plan a Field Trip Explore Pre-K - 8 Curricula Access Educator Resources Professional Learning Communities Youth Programs Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Join Our Community Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Back Become a Member Gift a Membership Annual Giving Societies Ways to Give Make a Gift Volunteer Corporate and Foundation Engagement Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Today's Hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (EST) Main navigation Discover Something New Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Back By Topic Space Animals Climate Change Life Science Artificial Intelligence Engineering Women In STEM By Media Type Articles Podcasts Videos By Series Everyday Awesome Genes in Action Pulsar Science Hacks Spacing Out Newsletters News & Events Earthshift Spacing Out That's Life Centers for Public Science Learning Public Science Common Discover Something New Your home for all things science. Find videos, articles, podcasts and more - discovery awaits. Learn More Visit the Museum Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Back Today's Schedule Plan Your Trip Pricing & Hours Directions Museum Map Digital Guide Code of Conduct Accessibility Eating at the Museum Ways to Save Visitor FAQ Exhibits Immersive Theaters All Theaters 4-D Films Omni Films Planetarium Shows Live Presentations & Activities Visit the Museum Find all the information you need to plan an incredible day at the Museum. Plan Your Trip Explore Events Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Back All Events SubSpace: Adult Experiences Member Events Fundraising Events Private Events & Rentals Explore Events Our special programs and themed weekends put the power of discovery in your hands. See All Events Teaching STEM Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Back Plan a Field Trip Explore Pre-K - 8 Curricula Access Educator Resources Professional Learning Communities Youth Programs Teaching STEM Fuel your students' natural curiosity and get them to think like scientists and engineers with our Museum of Science resources. Learn More Join Our Community Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Back Become a Member Gift a Membership Annual Giving Societies Ways to Give Make a Gift Volunteer Corporate and Foundation Engagement Join Our Community Join our community and help grow a unique space for curiosity, discovery and inspiration. Learn More Log in Become a Member Donate Shop Close Modal Inspire Curiosity That Can Change the World Support the Museum Help us spark more WOW moments. Make a gift today. Donate Now All aboard for family fun! Trains Now Open! Celebrate the season with All Aboard! Trains at Science Park , a festive world of model trains and hands-on fun — included with Exhibit Halls admission. Get Tickets Learn More Rediscover A Holiday Classic in 4‑D Rudolph 4-D Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer 4-D Experience the beloved holiday classic with dazzling 4-D effects that put you right in the middle of Rudolph’s adventure. Don't miss this limited seasonal run! Get Tickets Learn More Become a Member Membership Enjoy the Museum all year long with unlimited visits and exclusive benefits. Plus, receive reciprocal admission to nearly 500 participating science centers and zoos world wide! Become a Member Learn More Exhibit Halls Open Daily, 9 am ‑ 5 pm To purchase tickets to the Museum Exhibit Halls, use the "Buy Tickets" button below. Timed tickets are no longer required – just select the date you will be visiting. Buy Exhibit Tickets View Today's Schedule Experience the Museum Image Adventure Awaits Plan Your Trip Explore. Question. Imagine. Explore Exhibits Image Immerse Yourself Theater Shows Placeholder for event listing Join Our Community Resources for Educators Private Events at the Museum Announcing the Public Science Common Building on the Museum’s new Centers for Public Science Learning, the Public Science Common is the next step in the Museum’s mission to inspire a lifelong love of science in everyone, everywhere. Learn More Image Placeholder for content by topic Support the Museum Whether through a Museum membership, a corporate partnership, or a donation, your contribution helps us create lasting change and fuels our mission to inspire a lifelong love of science in everyone. Become a Member Donate Now Being Human Space Artificial Intelligence Animals About Mission and History Our Leadership Code of Conduct Centers for Public Science Learning Press Room Support Contact us Membership Plan Your Trip Private Events and Rentals Careers Why Work Here? Job Opportunities Internships Volunteering Sign up for daily discoveries. To inspire a lifelong love of science in everyone. Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Threads The Museum of Science gratefully acknowledges our Premier Partners Code of Ethics Legal Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Use ©1996-2025 Museum of Science, Boston - All rights reserved. Top