For Businesses
For Schools
For MSPs
Company
Careers
News Room
Contact
High-Quality Apple Management & Security Made Surprisingly Accessible
Start Now
The best solutions, integrated to make Apple devices Work & School Ready.
Enterprise-grade Apple Device Management

Offering far more than the standard capabilities of Apple MDM solutions for Apple devices, Mosyle Enterprise-grade Apple Device Management is enhanced with innovative features to remotely perform and automate any task needed to manage and secure Apple devices at work and school.

Next Generation Apple Endpoint Security

Mosyle tools cover all the Apple security needs of organizations of any size. This includes fully automated Hardening & Compliance with ready-to-use templates, Next Generation Mac Antivirus, the only AI‑Based Automated Zero Trust for Mac, and powerful Privilege Management with Admin On‑Demand.

Apple‑specific Online Privacy & Security

Mosyle’s Apple-specific Online Privacy & Security is the first and only solution purpose‑built for Apple devices used at work and school that leverages native encrypted DNS capabilities of iOS and macOS to offer always‑on web security, privacy and filtering.

macOS Identity Management & SSO

Starting with a fully automated local account creation using the official Organization’s IdP, to the perfect combination of using the single work credential also on every Mac login, or even adding a powerful extra level of security with device 2FA, Mosyle Auth 2 will solve all identity aspects of Macs used at work and school.

Best‑in‑Market Apps & Patch Management

Mosyle offers the most complete set of features designed to empower customers to handle any need related to OS Updates, and installation and patching of virtually any compatible application.

Start Now
You deserve a product made for you.
Schools & Districts

Our roots are in K‑12 and we share a strong passion in empowering schools and teachers to use Apple devices to make the learning process more fun, engaging and efficient for students around the world.
With this in mind, in 2016 we built the first K‑12 specific Apple MDM, changing the market forever.
Since then, we became the leader of Apple Management & Security for K-12, with more than 25,000 schools leveraging our solutions daily to manage millions of Apple devices used by teachers and students.

Businesses & Organizations

In only 5 years since we introduced our first Business oriented product, more than 24,000 small, medium and large business trusted us to make their Apple devices work‑ready.
With the creation of the Apple Unified Platform approach and the introduction of Mosyle Fuse, we revolutionized the Apple IT market and create a level of automation and integration between deployment, management and security that can’t be matched by any other provider or combination of standalone tools.

Managed Service Providers

After helping more than 500 Apple Managed Service Providers to empower their customers to leverage all the potential of Apple devices as a tool to grow their organizations, we innovated again and built the first Apple Management & Security tool specially designed for Managed Service Providers.
Mosyle Fuse MSP not only brings the concept of “single pane of glass” to a new level, but also offers unique commercial tools and incentives designed to booster the business growth of our MSP partners that can’t be matched by any other provider.

Know More
Know More
Know More
We haven’t only revolutionized the product landscape.
We also brought costs to a totally new [low] level.

By adopting a very disciplined business strategy based on Modern & Integrated Software Development, “no middleman” commercial strategy, “no-sales” approach, and an obsessive focus on core customer needs, we not only achieve unprecedented growth, but also built an extremely healthy business, all of that while allowing our customers to pay for our higher-quality products only at a fraction of what they would pay to direct competitors.

This unique “win-win” scenario not only allow us to offer the most valuable offers on the market, but also empower us to keep doing it for the long-term and with that, redefine what the price for top-tier Apple Management & Security solutions should be.

Schools & Districts
As low as
USD
$ 0.46
per device per month.

Including Personalized Onboarding & Fast Ongoing Support

Know More
Businesses & Organizations
As low as
USD
$ 1.00
per device per month.

Including Personalized Onboarding & Fast Ongoing Support

Know More
Trying us won’t cost a thing!
But you can gain a lot  .
The best way to know about us is to test us!
We guarantee you will be surprised by what Mosyle has to offer. They did …
Petunia_55
We have around 45,000 Macs where I work and we have recently transitioned from JAMF to Mosyle, and Mosyle has been nothing but an upgrade, you can do everything you listed and more, and as another user said it looks like its free for 30 or less devices.
Spontaneous Reddit post on March 2024
accidental‑poet
JAMF is not the Rolls Royce anymore...
It was an easy decision to go with Mosyle. They have all the capabilities that the others have, are much cheaper than JAMF ($3/Mac/mo vs $14/Mac/mo), and are introducing new features at a rapid pace.
Spontaneous Reddit post on March 2024
Start Now
2025 Mosyle™ Corporation. All Rights Reserved.