Motel One | Make a reservation at affordable design hotels in Berlin, Munich, Vienna or Manchester Hotels Services Book Book Now open! Glittering holidays & a dazzling 2026! Motel One wishes you a peaceful Christmas and a great start to the New Year. Switch on. beOne. Become a beOne Member now and start enjoying the many benefits – anytime, anywhere, every time you book. Your benefits at a glance: beOne Rate Save 10% every night beOne Deals Welcome Water Quick Check-in beOne App Register now Find out more All Locations New opening Bike hire Electric charging station Hotel parking Rooftop bar Sunny location Redesign Show all results Motel One Frankfurt-Hauptbahnhof Straight off the train and straight into the city – there’s no time to waste: whether you want to visit the museum, the 'Römer', go shopping or simply get to your next meeting in the metropolis on the Main. Motel One Paris-Porte de Versailles ‘Salut et bienvenue’ to the capital of France! While there are no longer any "STOP" signs in Paris, you can still make a stop at the second Motel One hotel in the city with 347 rooms: the Motel One Paris-Porte de Versailles, located right next to the exhibition and conference centre. The Cloud One Frankfurt-Metropolitan The location of our hotel couldn’t be better, as it’s just a stone’s throw away from the north exit of Frankfurt Central Station – perfect for sightseeing, shopping trips or business appointments. Motel One Vienna-Donau City 'Servas' from the Austrian capital and from our hotel in the modern Donau City district! Our charming retreat near the Danube Island and the Danube Park is the perfect place to relax and recharge. It's also ideally located, with quick and easy access to the hustle and bustle of Vienna. News Keep calm! Just leave the holiday stress behind with a Calmcation in one of these destinations! Doppelgaenger Cities Fancy a short break in a city that feels familiar – yet is still new? Then take a look at these city doubles. Walkability Following in the footsteps of this travel trend: Here are the most pedestrian-friendly cities with Motel One hotels for you! Backyard Tourism This travel trend shows that you don't have to look far for an adventure; sometimes a trip around the corner is enough. We have a few tips for you. Holiday Planer 2026 Plan smart and make the most of holidays in 2026. Feeling lost? Our Travel Compass with fresh insider tipps from our colleagues now also availabe for Antwerp, Madrid und Ulm! We let the dogs in Four-legged guests are welcome in every one of our hotels. Here are just some of our best prepared locations.... Made for Meetings Brainstorming, presentation or conference: many Motel One hotels have bookable meeting rooms. Check in and feel good: in any of our now over 100 hotels around the world! Because wherever you visit us, you will be welcomed by passionate local hosts. And in everything we do, we have only one thing in mind: our guests. From selecting the best city locations for our hotels, to designing our individual interiors, to striving for the best service - everything is designed for you. More Can we get you anything else? Vouchers Looking for a gift? City trip or short break, together or solo – surprise your loved ones with a voucher! beOne Membership Our free membership programme offers many advantages and benefits. Simply register! One Mag Our compact hotel directory with information and news around the Motel One universe. Urban Organic Breakfast The early bird needs something tasty! Our breakfast buffets offer something for every taste. Travel Compass Our tips for your next trips. At the bar Coffee or tea? Gin or champagne? Crisps or toast? Our bars offer a wide selection of snacks and drinks. Travel Tunes The perfect travel soundtrack! Listen to our playlists on Spotify or Apple Music under ‘Travel Tunes’. Our awards, prizes & seals of excellence Follow us Payment methods SSL encryption SSL encryption We transfer all data using secure SSL encryption. Booking service Help and contact Corporate Legal information beOne App Download from the App Store Get it on Google Play Booking service Manage booking Gift voucher store Help and contact FAQ Contact Digital accessibility Corporate Company Motel One Operating Group One Hotels & Resorts Group Development Press Compliance One Foundation Careers Legal information Imprint Data Privacy Terms of Use Cookie Notice Terms & Conditions Sustainability in the supply chain beOne App Download from the App Store Get it on Google Play Our locations Austria Belgium Czechia Denmark France Germany Ireland Netherlands Poland Spain Switzerland United Kingdom United States Austria Salzburg Vienna Linz Graz Innsbruck Belgium Brussels Antwerp Czechia Prague Denmark Copenhagen France Paris Germany Berlin Dresden Dusseldorf Cologne Munich Bremen Magdeburg Frankfurt Nuremberg Hamburg Stuttgart Leipzig Saarbrücken Freiburg Essen Rostock Wiesbaden Lubeck Bonn Hannover Aachen Ulm Mannheim Karlsruhe Würzburg Ireland Dublin Netherlands Amsterdam Rotterdam Poland Warsaw Gdansk Spain Barcelona Madrid Switzerland Basel Zurich United Kingdom Newcastle London Manchester Edinburgh Glasgow United States New York