Mother Jones – Smart, fearless journalism Skip to main content Donate Donate Subscribe Got tips? Get in touch confidentially. Newsletters Politics Environment Criminal Justice Guns Race Gender + Sexuality Food Podcast Video Magazine Got tips? Get in touch confidentially. Subscribe to our magazine Donate Monthly Donate Smart, Fearless Journalism Politics Environment Criminal Justice Guns Race Gender Food Podcast Video Magazine Newsletters Membership Ticker Time’s really running out! We need a huge surge to make our $400,000 goal by December 31. Help close that budget gap and power our nonprofit newsroom into 2026. All gifts are 3X matched and tax-deductible. $1,150,000 $400,000 Triple My Gift Time’s really running out! We need a huge last-minute surge to make our $400,000 goal by December 31. Help close that budget gap and power our nonprofit newsroom into 2026. All gifts are 3X matched and tax-deductible. $400K $1,150,000 Donate Now Mother Jones illustration; Getty; Wikimedia The End of CBS News Monika Bauerlein The Five Most Unhinged Climate Lies Trump Told in 2025 Oliver Milman Hero: Bishop Mariann Budde Marianne Szegedy-Maszak Doctors Without Borders Among Dozens of Aid Groups Israel Moves to Shut Down in Gaza Julia Métraux Marjorie Taylor Greene Says Trump Turned on Her Over Epstein Survivors Alex Nguyen Trump’s Kennedy Center Takeover Plunges Further Into Chaos Alex Nguyen Hero of 2025: Civil Servants Michael Mechanic Cornell Watson Photography Sponsored Post The Movement to Build the Future America Promised AmericaFWD is a new national movement powered by community voices and a coalition of the willing, committed to building the “new” way forward. Communities First Sponsored Post Patagonia’s Playbook for Environmental Activism The brand’s first impact report details how business can support activists. Patagonia Latest Video Digital dispatches from our journalists More in Video My Health Care Costs Are Going Up. So I Made a Video Series Figuring Out Why and Who’s to Blame. The Tennessee Upstart That Suddenly Has Trump World Quaking What Trump’s Medicaid Cuts Mean for Two Podcasters With Down Syndrome Obama’s Stumping for Democrats. Trump’s at Mar-a-Lago. More Top Stories Monsters of 2025: Rappers Gone MAGA Arianna Coghill Hey Jon Stewart, Jokes About Wearing Masks Aren’t Funny Julia Métraux Jan. 6 Pipe Bomb Suspect Says He Acted to “Speak Up” for Election Deniers Alex Nguyen In Complaining About Gag Order, DHS Likely Violates Gag Order Alex Nguyen Kara Swisher Calls RFK Jr. a “Predator” Alex Nguyen Staff Blog Elon Musk: The FDNY Veteran Who Worked 9/11 and Covid Isn’t Qualified to Lead the Department Katie Herchenroeder Trump Tried to Send the National Guard Into Chicago. The Supreme Court Said No. Alex Nguyen Trump Administration Bans Abortion Care for Veterans Alex Nguyen David Corn’s Newsletter The Most Despicable Lie From the Guns-Over-All Gang December 16, 2025 Maybe Donald Trump Isn’t Immune to Political Gravity After All December 11, 2025 The Story Behind the “Misconduct” Allegations Against RFK Jr. December 9, 2025 Featured Mother Jones; Daniel Torok/White House/Planet Pix/Zuma Why Evangelicals Couldn’t Care Less About Trump’s Epstein Scandal The Reverend Rob Schenck Reveal Podcast Listen to our award-winning radio show More from Reveal How a Climate Doomsayer Became an Unexpected Optimist A Decade of Reveal The Bible Says So…or Does It? Fancy Galleries, Fake Art Sign up for our free newsletter Subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox. Close Thank you for subscribing! G59DC By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use , and to receive messages from Mother Jones and our partners. Politics Hero of 2025: Alice Wong Julia Métraux First, the Heat Killed Maine’s Kelp. Then an Invasive Algae Sealed Its Fate. Pragathi Ravi Environment This Climate Concern Is Way Out There Jon Gertner This Brutal Mosquito-Borne Disease May Have a Cure—But There’s a Catch Pratik Pawar Criminal Justice Alabama Wants to Lower the Bar for Executing Disabled People—if SCOTUS Lets It Julia Métraux Why America Is Obsessed With True Crime Reveal Race One on One With Trump’s Black MAGA Pastor Reveal Republican Justices Appear Poised to Destroy What’s Left of the Voting Rights Act Pema Levy and Ari Berman Gender RFK Jr. Could Defund Your Hospital if He Doesn’t Get His Way on Trans Health Care Katie Herchenroeder and Julia Métraux The Kitchen Helping Trans New Yorkers Celebrate the Holidays Photography and text by Madison Swart LGBTQ Donald Trump Hates That Rob Reiner’s Political Legacy Extends Far Beyond Hollywood Alex Nguyen Congress Moves to Ban Trans Women From Military Academy Sports Alex Nguyen The Big Feature Andrea Morales/MLK50 “I’ve Never Seen So Many Police Cars” Samantha Michaels David Plunkert Your Private Data Is Building Trump’s Voter Purge Machine Abby Vesoulis and Ari Berman Investigations Mother Jones illustration; Patrick T. Fallon/AFP/Getty; Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP/Getty How Benny Johnson Went From BuzzFeed Plagiarist to MAGA’s Chief Content Creator Anna Merlan Federico Tramonte Inside the Hell of Alligator Alcatraz Laura C. Morel and Ian Gordon Get our award-winning magazine Save big on a full year of investigations, ideas, and insights. Subscribe Guns Two Countries. Two Tragedies. One Huge Difference. James West A Florida Sheriff Had a Message for Kyle Rittenhouse: “I Think You’re a Joke” Stephanie Mencimer Food Science Journal Retracts Widely Cited Study That Claimed Roundup Is Safe Nathan Halverson “Climate Smart” Beef Was Never More Than a Marketing Fantasy Frida Garza Coronavirus Welcome to the New Era of Covid Vaccine Tourism Julia Métraux Florida’s Surgeon General Just Said He Will Eliminate “All Vaccine Mandates” Kiera Butler Immigration CBS Pulls “60 Minutes” Segment Critical of Trump’s Deportation of Venezuelans Alex Nguyen The Horns and Whistles Work Amanda Moore Photography Brandon Tauszik Hiding From ICE in LA Brandon Tauszik Support our journalism Help Mother Jones ' reporters dig deep with a tax-deductible donation. Donate Mag Promo Independent. In print. In your mailbox. Inexpensive, too! Subscribe today and get a full year of Mother Jones for just $19.95. Subscribe December 2025 October 2025 August 2025 Bold. Brave. Beautiful. Award-winning photojournalism. Stunning video. Fearless conversations. Follow us on Instagram > Looking for news you can trust? Subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox. Close Thank you for subscribing! G59DC By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use , and to receive messages from Mother Jones and our partners. About Our Staff DEI&B Financials Careers Freelance Guidelines Contact Us Support Ways to Give Advertise With Us Licensing / Reprints Store Subscribe Magazine Subscriptions Give a Gift Subscription Email Newsletters Customer Service This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Privacy Manager Copyright © 2025 Mother Jones and the Center for Investigative Reporting . All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy We see you're using an ad blocker... And we respect that! But maybe you’re of a mind to support our work directly instead? We have until December 31 to raise the last $400,000 we need to keep our nonprofit newsroom running at full strength into 2026. Will you make a gift today? We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Can you pitch in a few bucks to help fund Mother Jones' investigative journalism? Donate Not Now close Don't let an algorithm decide what news you see. Sign up for the free Mother Jones Daily newsletter and follow the news that matters. Close Thank you for subscribing! G59DC