We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customise
Reject All
Accept All
SKIP TO CONTENT
Products
Solutions
Resource Center
Support
About Us
 CONTACT US
Managing
the devices
that move our
world forward.
Global.
Trusted.
Flexible.
Motive powers 150+ telecom providers, network operators, and enterprises, in 65+ countries worldwide.
Learn More
>120K
Device models recognized
>1.0M
Customer service representative users
>10M
Self-service sessions enabled
>1.8B
Devices under management
Learn from
the leaders.
Join the world’s top communication providers using Motive products to manage their device and service infrastructure.
Leadership Insights
The industry leader in device and service management.
Motive offers software-as-a-service models, private or public cloud deployment, or on-premises technology to support the specific needs of your business.
Product Overview
Home Device Manager
Remotely manage customer premise equipment (CPE) to unlock home broadband digital value and drive growth through the automation of smart home devices.
Learn More
Download Datasheet
Entitlement Server
Empowering CSPs with eSIM provisioning, 5G innovations, and secure multi-device connectivity to stay ahead in a dynamic digital landscape.
Learn More
Download Datasheet
Service Management Platform
Elevate customer care and cut call center operational expenses by making device related issues, workflows, and service activities visible across all channels.
Learn More
Download Datasheet
IMPACT Mobile
Securely manage a vast array of mobile devices through the entire device lifecycle, while providing robust support for the growing population of eSIM-enabled devices.
Learn More
Download Datasheet
IMPACT IoT
Unify the management of highly diverse and complex IoT applications with scalable device management, data collection and analytics, and application integration software.
Learn More
Download Datasheet
End-users are demanding RCS. Is your network ready? 
Find out
Actionable insights for network leaders. Built on decades of experience.
Resource Center
Is Your Platform Ready for USP? Practical Guidance for TR-369 Migration
Get expert insights on how to prepare your network, systems, and teams for the next generation of device management with the User Services Platform (USP).
Watch Now
AI in Telecom: Driving Growth, Operational Simplicity, and Smart Adoption
Learn how CSPs are leveraging AI to enhance customer experience, optimize networks, and drive operational efficiency.
Learn More
The Pivotal Role of Entitlement Servers Amid Apple's RCS Support
Learn how RCS + entitlement servers can boost engagement, enhance security, and unlock new monetization opportunities. 
Learn More
Stay connected with Motive:

We manage the devices that move our world forward.

About Us
Resource Center
Resources
News & Blog
Events
Certifications
Technical Glossary
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025, Motive Software Solutions, Inc.
The name Motive Software Solutions and all Motive Software Solutions product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Motive Software Solutions and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or their licensors. Other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.