MovableType.org Not a developer? Go to MovableType.com MovableType.org Get Started Documentation Plugins News About Feedback What is Movable Type? Movable Type was created by a husband and wife team with a single purpose: to create a powerful solution for the creation and management of web content. An originator of the blogging field, Movable Type offers stability, a user-friendly interface, and beautifully extensive visual customization for websites and blogs. Learn More Buy Now Get Started New to Movable Type? Head over to Get Started to learn all you need to know. Start Here! Documentation We are constantly improving our documentation so you can quickly get started building websites and applications. Documentation Plugins Once you're up and running, head over to the Plugin Directory to find plugins that will help you extend Movable Type. Plugin and Theme Directory Latest Movable Type News October 24, 2025 Movable Type 9.0.5 and 8.8.1 Released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox . We have released Movable Type 9.0.5 and Movable Type 8.8.1 as of October 24, 2025.  These releases address several issues found in versions 9.0.4 and 8.8.0.  Resolved Issues These new versions include… Read More October 22, 2025 [Security Update] Movable Type 8.8.0, 8.4.4, 8.0.8 and 7 r.5510 (v7.906.5) released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox . This release includes security fixes. Six Apart recommends that you upgrade to the latest version. … Read More October 22, 2025 Movable Type 9 Released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox . We are pleased to announce the release of Movable Type 9, which is the latest major version. … Read More August 20, 2025 [Security Update] Movable Type 8.4.3, 8.0.7 and 7 r.5509 (v7.906.4) released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox . This release includes security fixes. Six Apart recommends that you upgrade to the latest version. … Read More May 16, 2025 Movable Type 9.0.1 Developer Preview Released By Daiji Hirata and posted in MT Newsbox . Movable Type 9 Developer Preview Now Available … Read More View The Blog Movable Type Plugins Featured Popular Newest Website & Blog Organizer This plugin for Movable Type makes it easy to reorganize the website and blog
hierarchy. This can be especially useful after upgrading from Movable Type 4, before websites were introduced. Dan Wolfgang NotifyWho?! The NotifyWho?! plugin enables you to control exactly who should receive
entry, comment and TrackBack notifications for each blog and when. Jay Allen Publish Queue Manager This plugin provides a simple user interface in the Movable Type administrative
system to view, change priority, and delete publishing jobs from the built-in
“Publish Queue” system — a system by which files are published in the
background. Keeping an eye on what is publishing is a great way to understand
what is happening at any given time! Byrne Reese Ghostwriter Ghostwriter is a Movable Type plugin tha… Beau Smith Locksmith A plugin for Movable Type which prevents entries and templates from being edited by more than one user at the same time. Byrne Reese FiscalYearlyArchives The fiscal yearly archive is added. Star… Taitetsu GoogleOpenIDConnect This plugin provides commenter authentic… Movable Type Picasa Express Easily insert photos from Picasa Web Alb… Charlie Gorichanaz AssetDialogAuthorFilter Limit assets in selection dialog to thos… bit part 合同会社 FastestPreview This plugin enables Movable Type to sync… Taku AMANO View All Plugins About MovableType.com Features Purchase Product Registration Documentation Documentation Overview Administrator's Guide Author's Guide Designers's Guide Plugin Developer's Guide Product Life Cycle Policy News News Blog Release Notes Contact Copyright © 2025, Six Apart Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy