VIDEO
HIT
ALL PRODUCTS
STORE
SUPPORT
HOW-TOS
FOR WORK
EN

We use cookies to improve the services we offer you. By continuing to browse this site, you consent to keep them in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

GET THE NEW MOVAVI VIDEO SUITE 2026

3-in-1 bundle for every video task – video editor with automatic tools, fast converter, and handy screen recorder




Edit fast – cut, join, add auto-subtitles, remove silence in a click
Pick from hundreds of effects – titles, transitions, filters, music
Convert and record – 180+ formats, screen and sound capture
Download for Free
Buy Now

TRY ALL MOVAVI PROGRAMS

MOVAVI VIDEO EDITOR

Your simple yet powerful editor for creating wow videos

Fast and easy editing: cut, crop, adjust colors and speed
One-click AI tools: auto subtitles, noise removal, and more
Hundreds of filters, transitions, titles, overlays
Download for Free
Buy Now

MOVAVI PHOTO EDITOR

Your smart and simple photo editor for creating wow pictures

Intuitive tools for quick and easy photo editing
AI: retouching, background swap, object removal, and more
Atmospheric effects, color correction presets, and caption settings
Download for Free
Buy Now

MOVAVI VIDEO CONVERTER

Your go-to converter for changing media formats in seconds

Lightning-fast file conversion
Powerful video compression
AI video upscaling: up to 8X
Download for Free
Buy Now

MOVAVI SCREEN RECORDER

Your hassle-free screen capture tool for more efficient projects

Full-screen or custom area recording
Webcam capture and drawing on recordings in real time
Highlighting mouse cursor and keystrokes
Download for Free
Buy Now

MOVAVI UNLIMITED

All Movavi programs and effects in one pack for creating stunning content

Auto subtitles with one click, ready-made templates
Intuitive video and photo editing, file conversion, screen recording
Over 6,000 effects and 1,500 music tracks for any mood
Buy Now at 80% Off

ALL OUR EDITING SOFTWARE

Explore our video and photo tools – we’ve got something just right for you.

See All Software

FIND THE RIGHT TOOL FOR YOUR EVERY NEED

Cut, crop, rotate

Noise removal

Titles

Silence removal

Auto subtitles

Transitions

Color adjustment

Motion tracking

Music, audio effects, sounds

Download for Free
Windows version

70M+

users

190+

countries

15+

updates per year

10,000+

effects to choose from
4.2 
4.8 
4.6 
4.6 

RECOMMENDATIONS FROM INFLUENCERS

MOVAVI VIDEO EDITOR - BEST VIDEO EDITOR FOR BEGINNERS (2024)

By Kingy AI, Jun 25, 2024

223 000 subscribers, 25 600+ views on the review

Specialty: All things AI

"Welcome back to another exciting AI video tutorial! In this video, we're diving deep into Movavi Video Editor 2024, exploring its powerful AI features like background removal, motion tracking, and audio noise reduction."

Download for Free

13 MINDBLOWING VIDEO EDITING TIPS (USING MOVAVI?)

By FILM CRUX, May 31, 2024

60 600 subscribers, 107,000+ views on the review

Specialty: Creating content about filmmaking.

"We are going to show you 13 mind-blowing video editing tips, all using a wildly underrated video editing program – Movavi. We were actually blown away by how much this thing could do, so we put together some of our best tricks so you can take your videos to the next level."

Download for Free

MOVAVI VIDEO EDITOR 2024 UPDATE

By TECH DRONE MEDIA, November 8, 2023

113 000 subscribers, 13000+ views on the review

Specialty: tips and tutorials about drones

"If you don’t have any experience, taking on a video editing task for the first time can be very daunting and seem almost impossible to complete. This is exactly what Movavi does well, as it’s pretty straightforward, and I bet anyone can learn it."

Download for Free

10 REASONS YOU SHOULD TRY MOVAVI VIDEO SUITE!

By Daniel Batal, November 15, 2020

207 000 subscribers, 19 400+ views on the review

Specialty: helping creators grow their YouTube channels

"I've used Movavi video editing software to make some pretty cool effects, like the Iron Man heads-up display. Well, Movavi just updated their software and it's got all kinds of new features. It's got new personalized recommendations, it's got a mobile companion, it's got new LUTs that you can use."

Download for Free

10,000+ EFFECTS AND 1,500+ MUSIC TRACKS

Overlays
Titles
LUTs
Music
Transitions
Stickers
Intros and outros
Backgrounds
Frames
Go to Movavi Effects

EASILY CREATE WOW VIDEOS WITH THESE FEATURES

AI motion tracking

Highlight what’s important or add titles that follow a moving object in your videos with our smart motion-tracking tool.

AI background removal

Discard any scene you don’t want and drop in a vibrant new setting with our chroma key-like video background change feature – it works even without green screens.

Slow motion

Reveal every detail in your next cinematic masterpiece and let the mood really sink in with this built-in slow motion editor.

Unlock the AI magic

Use our super-duper motion tracking tool to highlight the important stuff in your videos. Remove traffic, wind, and other intrusive sounds with our easy-to-use audio denoiser. Instantly swap out backgrounds in your camera footage – drop in a vibrant new scene and get ready for massive amounts of likes on TikTok! You can try all this and more for free!

Edit like a wizard

Tell your video story the way you want it told – all the tools you need are at your fingertips! Play around with our intuitive Timeline, frame-by-frame preview, and drag-and-drop items. Trim, reverse, or flip your visuals for stunning effect. Merge, resize, or crop for some extra oomph. Go ahead and see for yourself!

Add dazzling effects

Give your creations a really outstanding look – discover thousands of cool, easy-to-add effects! Elevate your video footage with on-trend LUTs, colorful overlays, snappy titles, and breathtaking transitions. Set the perfect mood with trouble-free color correction. Try it now for free, and you’ll be amazed at how easy it is!

Download for Free
Windows version

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

How can I safely edit videos for free?

There are many free video editors available on the internet. However, completely free third-party software can contain malicious code that may steal your personal data and financial information.

That's why we created Movavi Video Editor – it's 100% safe and easy to use! You can try the free version with these limitations: the inclusion of a Movavi watermark, 60-second video or half audio length, and locking of some advanced features when exporting files. If you like the software, you can buy a lifetime license or annual subscription to the full version and edit videos without restrictions and with all features available.

Which is the best video editor for beginners?

We work hard to make our software as easy and intuitive as possible. Sometimes we even test it on our grandparents! Thus, we can definitely say that Movavi Video Editor is one of the best video editors for beginners.

Even if you’ve never tried to edit videos before, you’ll master the Movavi editor in less than 20 minutes – thanks to the easy-to-follow interface, handy tooltips, and our Support Team who is always ready to help you out and facilitate your creativity.

How can I download a video editor for free?

If you need a video editor with a free download option, Movavi Video Editor is a very solid choice. It’s a free video editor to download and try out, though you’ll need to buy the full version after 7 days. The app has awesome intro presets, tons of eye-catching effects and transitions, and an intuitive interface that lets you focus on creating instead of reading complex manuals.

Try it if you want an easy video editor to download and use right away.

Download Movavi Video Editor
Download Movavi Video Editor for Mac

How to add transitions in a video editor?

If you’re working with professional video-editing software, adding even the simplest video transition may take you hours of pressing wrong buttons and digging for advice. Certainly not a pleasant experience.

With Movavi Video Editor, adding a transition takes about 3 seconds – you just drag and drop the transition you want between the clips. Yes, it really is that simple. To learn more about different types of transitions, follow the link below:

How to choose transitions for your video

70M+ PEOPLE LOVE MOVAVI

Hear from our users how simple tools make a big impact

Johnny Green
video enthusiast

The program is great! and your support is amazing! I experienced a bug on the steam version on with I was not able to merge subtitles with the video, but I contacted the support and you guys sent me a licence key for the website version of the program! This versions works flawless!! this is one of the best video software that I've ever used! thanks for the great product and the amazing support! keep the great work!

Lisa Malenk
accountant

Nice product. I did not think it would help me because initially, it did not do what I thought it would (to transfer a video into a .jpg with individual pictures. But today, I needed to incorporate a DVD into a video and it worked perfectly.

Patricia Batton
designer

Excellent program and does just what I need in the way of converting the mts files I am using to the Quicktime format I need for the finished product. Also the editing tools are simple and intuitive for helping me pick out the scenes and getting them ready for converting.

M. B. Jyrwa
student

It is very helpful it has helped reduce my space in my PC. Thank u and i recommend every one to use this video converter

Robert Perry
pensioner

Great, simple and so easy to use. Keep developing.

Hanifa Reed
housewife

awsome application and software really like it so much thank you guys

Andrea Urbach
physician

The fastest and most intelligent software, a life saver.

Download for Free
Windows version

NEWS

Meet the new Movavi Video Editor 2026 – faster and packed full of effects

Speed up editing with auto-tools and enjoy 40+ new adjustable effects – save time and bring extra wow to your every video. Automatically cut out unwanted pauses, copy effects from one clip to another in a snap, and enjoy 30+ new auto-subtitle styles


Read more

Make editing effortless with Movavi Video Suite 2026

The new Movavi Video Suite is packed with features that will make your video creation a breeze! Skip the tedious stuff with powerful auto-tools. Make any project effortless with hundreds of effects, lightning-fast file conversion, and a handy screen recorder.


Read more

Get all the latest apps and effects at once with Movavi Unlimited 2026

Streamline your video and photo editing with the new auto-tools and enhanced performance. Create attention-grabbing videos, make informative screen recordings, convert media files to any format, and amuse with loads of effects.


Read more

Our video editor is officially one of the best in 2024!

Movavi Video Editor is on the 2024 Capterra Shortlist! If you haven’t tried our video-editing software yet, try it now and see why it’s one of the best.


Read more

 
 

Android Authority

Movavi’s Video Editor is a powerful desktop video editor that offers both manual and automatic creation modes. You can edit to your heart’s content or craft a carefully themed video in as little as five steps.

Read More
 
 

Fixthephoto

The video-editing program has a rather impressive set of tools for a wide variety of purposes in its arsenal [...] You get all the video editing essentials, plus [...] Beat Detection, Noise Removal, Quick Video Creation, which turn video-making into an easy process. No software in this price range can beat the offer with a better toolkit.

Read More
 
 

Windows Report

If you're looking for a powerful but simple video editor, you should definitely consider Movavi Video Editor.

Read More
 
 

Macworld

Movavi have always sought to make the ability to access, edit and distribute media as easy as possible. Their powerful software with a friendly, easy-to-use interface gives anyone the chance to interact with audio and video on a professional level.

Read More
 
 

Digital Trends

When it comes to content management at this scale, Movavi appeals to both the content producer and content organizer, to the editing pro and, even more important, the editing novice.

Read More
 
 

MUO

Movavi sits in the sweet spot between price and functionality. It combines a broad set of tools with an easy-to-use interface and has the benefit of being both a quick capture tool and a fully-featured editor.

Read More
 
 

TechRadar

Ultimately, Movavi Video Converter is an ‘omnivorous’ video file conversion application that has resolved the file incompatibility issues of 97% of users that have purchased the software.

Read More

MOVAVI VIDEO EDITOR 2026

MOVAVI VIDEO EDITOR

Languages

Size

174,2 MB

Version

26.6

Update

December 22, 2025
Buy Now
What's new?
Supported formats and devices
Operating system

macOS® 12.0 or higher

Processor

64-bit Intel® processor, Apple M1 or higher

Graphics card

Intel® HD Graphics 2000, NVIDIA® GeForce® series 8 and 8M, Quadro FX 4800, Quadro FX 5600, AMD Radeon™ R600, Mobility Radeon™ HD 4330, Mobility FirePro™ series, Radeon™ R5 M230 or higher graphics card with up-to-date drivers

Display

1280 × 800 screen resolution, 32-bit color

RAM

4 GB RAM

Show all

*The free version of Movavi Video Editor may have the following restrictions depending on the build: watermark on exported clips, 60-second video or 1/2 audio length limit, and/or some advanced features unavailable when exporting videos.
Learn more

JOIN US FOR DISCOUNTS, EDITING TIPS, AND CONTENT IDEAS

1.5M+ users already subscribed to our newsletter

Email
Sign Up
By signing up, I agree to receive marketing emails from Movavi and agree to Movavi's Privacy Policy.