Moveworks: The AI Assistant Platform That Gets Work Done Products Products The Moveworks Platform Agentic AI for the Enterprise Reasoning Engine Trust and security AI Assistant Enterprise Search Productivity Boost Agent Studio Knowledge Studio Employee Experience Insights AI Agent Marketplace Integrations Developer Hub Discover and deploy AI agents with pre-built solution packs Explore Marketplace Solutions Solutions ITSM Automation Service Management Employee Onboarding Employee Self-Service Change Communications IT Cost Optimization IAM Modernization AI Digital Transformation All use cases IT HR Marketing Sales Finance Engineering Federal Government Local Government Manufacturing Financial Services 100+ Real World Use Cases of Agentic AI for the Enterprise Read the guide AI Agent Marketplace Resources Resources Webinars Events Moveworks .global 2025 AI Conference Al Glossary Resource Library Blog Customer Stories Featured Videos Support Help Docs Partners Community Academy The Next Move: 10x Work with Purpose-Built AI for Every Team and Challenge Watch now Company Company About Leadership Partners Newsroom Trust and security Customers Careers Contact us ServiceNow officially acquires Moveworks Learn more Get a demo AI that gets work done. The AI Assistant platform for your entire workforce to search and act across business applications. Get a demo Easy Advanced Wow Trusted by 350+ of today's foremost organizations Including 10% of the Fortune 500 and 10% of the Fortune 50. Make work flow for every employee and all your teams The Moveworks AI Assistant Platform Search and action in one intuitive workspace Powered by a superior Reasoning Engine Easy to add and build AI agents for any use case Cut through operational complexity by unifying your siloed content systems and business applications — from HR and IT to Finance, Procurement, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and beyond — with an intuitive, AI-native experience that meets employees where they work, and in over 100 languages. Most assistants stop at search . Moveworks AI Assistant goes far beyond, working across your apps and systems for fast, accurate, and context-aware search with end-to-end task automation. Links to thousands of plugins that turn intent into results for every employee, team, and business objective. Purpose-built for enterprise-wide support , the Moveworks Reasoning Engine is a sophisticated AI system that redefines workplace productivity by autonomously understanding, planning, executing, and adapting on the fly to complete any request within your entire organization's unique workflows. Deploy customizable AI agents, built for enterprise scale and tackle your most complex workflows across your business apps. Connect, extend, and control how your AI agents interact with every system across your organization with pre-built templates, quick connector set-up, and MCP. Agentic AI that takes care of business Experience their stories “Moveworks is a platform that is easy to implement and it gives you that ability to not only have chat GPT capability to get responses and answers, the generative AI portion, but it also has the workflow part, the agent part, so it can actually take action from that work." Sr. Manager Global Productivity, Automation & Service Management, Toyota North America Watch video “Instead of getting bogged down in tier-1 requests, we could take on big-picture initiatives, like improving our in-office tech, building out new departmental workflows, and forming an IT business partner model.” Systems Administrator, BambooHR Watch video "With the HR and workplace side, they deal with tons of tickets, and that leads them to measuring things like time to resolution and time to first response. With using Moveworks, the time to resolution immediately goes down as soon as it's implemented.” Sr. Manager, IT Ops & Services, Instacart Watch video "The biggest impact, especially looking inward to just IT, we did not have to increase our service desk at all. Moveworks is at the cutting edge of enhancing the overall employee experience” IT Director, Coca-Cola Consolidated Watch video "We were not looking for an IT or HR agent, we were looking for a true enterprise [assistant] so that people are they getting the right information with just having a conversation with the bot - simple conversations can trigger actions, can trigger conversations, can trigger responses and also keep the data safe.” Domain Lead AI & Automation, AkzoNobel Read more "The impact Moveworks has had at Procore has been profound. For our support teams, it's saved thousands of hours per quarter – almost 4000 hours of operator hours saved across HR, IT, payroll, and workplace experience." Product Manager, AI Employee Productivity, Procore Read more 5M+ employees rely on Moveworks 8wks typical time to value 10K AI agents built 90% enterprise-wide deployment Ensuring security for the world’s most regulated data Deployed globally across manufacturing, healthcare, financial services, and government entities with FedRAMP® "In Process" designation. See our approach to secure AI Enterprise AI that meets your business needs — all in one platform OUT-OF-THE BOX INTEGRATIONS Integrates with all your key applications and systems View all integrations AI AGENT MARKETPLACE 1000+ AI agents to uplevel all your business applications Browse AI Agent Marketplace BUSINESS INITIATIVES Curated sets of AI agents to power enterprise demands Scan all initiatives BUILD AI AGENTS Customizable AI agents to streamline unique workflows Jump to Agent Studio Six reasons why customers rely on Moveworks Get more details Superior agentic AI reasoning Our agentic Reasoning Engine enables turnkey, enterprise-wide automation — planning, executing, and adapting on the fly to complete any request. Faster time to value Built-in capabilities deliver value on day one — no model tuning, prompt chaining or advanced engineering required, with substantial ROI in just weeks. Easy-to-build and deploy Al agents Customizable Al agents supercharge the Al Assistant for every employee and team, across every business application. Cutting-edge optimization tools Admins can easily track metrics, resolve issues, and make enhancements that drive better governance and boost EX. Omnichannel and multilingual Al that works where employees do — chat, browsers, intranets, service portals, etc. and speaks their language fluently. Security that goes above and beyond Trust, security, and data privacy by design for responsible Al governance (ISO 27001, SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, FedRAMP, etc.). News, events, and insights Find more resources Webinar On-demand The Next Move: 10x Work with Purpose-Built AI for Every Team and Challenge Witness the next evolution of the Moveworks platform — delivering specialized AI assistants across the entire enterprise, all without a single line of code. Watch now Webinar Upcoming Live Product Tour Accelerate enterprise-wide AI transformation and revolutionize employee support. See how Moveworks is reshaping the employee experience. Save your spot now. Register now Virtual Jan 14 Guide 2025 Agentic AI Guide: 100+ Use Cases For The Enterprise Discover how enterprises are using Agentic AI to automate decisions, streamline workflows, and boost productivity. Download the guide now. Read the guide Report 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant: AI Apps in IT Service Management Moveworks named a Challenger in 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Artificial Intelligence Applications in IT Service Management. Get your copy of the report. View report Blog CEO perspective: Thoughts on joining forces with ServiceNow Moveworks $2.85B acquisition by ServiceNow is set to redefine AI in the workplace. Why we believe this combination creates the ultimate AI platform for employees. Read blog post Blog Unveiling the AI Assistant on web, your new center of work, available to all customers Meet the Moveworks AI Assistant on web — your new home for work. Search and take action from one powerful hub built for every employee, everywhere. Read blog post Video AI Agent Hackathon 2025: Watch the Replay Watch the Moveworks AI Agent Hackathon replay. Learn to build powerful enterprise AI agents that search, act, and listen to automate business processes and drive real ROI. Watch now Video Three things Moveworks does particularly well Shrini Arole from Toyota talks about how Moveworks is a platform that's easy to implement, provides the ChatGPT-like generative AI capabilities to find answers, and then the automation power to complete tasks for you. Watch now Press Release Moveworks Unveils Dynamic AI Platform, Empowering Teams to Build and Deploy Specialized Assistants in Minutes New capabilities include “Scoped Assistants” for specialized tasks, a no-code “Assistant Builder,” and “Headless API” for deployment anywhere. Read press release The AI Assistant platform for your entire workforce Find what you need instantly and automate tasks end-to-end in seconds across apps with AI agents that can realize your business objectives. Get a demo Products Platform AI Assistant Enterprise Search Agent Studio Service Management Employee Experience Insights Knowledge Studio Productivity Boost Quick GPT Brief Me: AI Summarizer Solutions IT HR Finance Sales Marketing Engineering Government Quick Links See product tour Agentic AI Reasoning Engine Integrations AI Glossary Professional Services Support Resources Blog Resources Moveworks.global 2025 Community Academy Developers Help docs Company Contact us About us Partners Become a partner Trust and security Customers Newsroom Careers © 2025 Moveworks, Inc. Legal Privacy policy Cookie settings Cookie policy