Welcome to Mozilla Foundation
                
            
            
                
                - Mozilla Foundation Time is running out Donate to Mozilla Foundation before our Dec 31 deadline Donate Donate Skip Down Meet Mozilla What We Do Make Inspire Mobilize Join Us Nothing Personal Donate Donate Make good tech the norm things together ideas matter Make good tech the norm. Make good things together. Make good ideas matter Support the movement Power a better digital future Thank you for being a part of this community—whether by giving, signing, sharing, building alternatives, or simply believing. Together, let’s end 2025 with strength and step into 2026 ready to imagine, and make, the future of technology we all deserve. Learn more Support the movement Get your idea funded Building a better tech future? We'll fund you Our grantmaking supports changemakers building better. We're looking for who innovators are building the alternatives a better future demands. We support great work to scale without compromise. Get Funded Get your idea funded Be part of our community Let’s roll up our sleeves Our tech future is not inevitable—it’s a design choice. And we can choose differently together. Join us to build a tech future––Powered by people. Open by design. Take Action Be part of our community Something went wrong and your signup wasn't completed. Please try again later. The Internet we deserve starts with you. Sign up for our newsletter. Please enter a valid email address. Your country English I'm okay with Mozilla handling my info as explained in this Privacy Notice . Please check this box if you want to proceed. Loading... Sign Up Sign Up Thank you! If you haven’t previously confirmed your opt-in to a Mozilla Foundation-related email subscription you may have to do so now. Please check your inbox or spam filter for an email from us to click and confirm your subscription . We're building alternative digital futures Calling all builders Tech education that empowers, for everyone Learn with us Powered by our people and purpose Let's mobilize Impact 6 m + People in our global movement 1 m + Global voices donated for a more diverse internet $ 3 5 m Grants awarded for a good technology future Be a force for good technology. Creative Futures Counterstructures Winter 2026 is now accepting applications Apply now Your dataset, your power Mozilla Data Collective is rebuilding the AI data ecosystem with communities at the centre Join MDC—Create, Curate, Control Be inspired Introducing Nothing Personal: A counterculture magazine for independent thinkers Check out the magazine Community Spotlight Image of Festival Wrangler Festival Wrangler Surabhi Srivastava Surabhi explores how media can be a lever to drive social impact at RNW Media in the Netherlands. She is focused on the intersection of media and AI ethics. She wants real impact for her community, where "diverse groups of people have a voice, and the decision-making power to co-design and co-create tech that serves public interest." Image of Faculty Faculty Dr. Mary Mwadulo Dr. Mary is reimagining tech education in Kenya. As the Dean of Computing and Informatics at Meru University, she's bridging the gap between what her students are learning and the real challenges in their communities. For her, building better technology starts with listening, "it's not just about coding, it's about understanding people's needs." Image of Common Voice Common Voice Irvin Chen Irvin is inspiring more people to build a better digital future. As a longtime contributor and volunteer community lead for the Mozilla Taiwan Community, Irvin is passionate about turning open-source technology into local impact. He has dedicated years to projects like Firefox, Support Mozilla (SUMO), MDN, and Common Voice. 1 / 3 Donate to Mozilla Foundation Together we have the power to make good on the promise of the Internet. Join our global movement and make a contribution today to shape the future of technology. Donate now Donate now Something went wrong and your signup wasn't completed. Please try again later. Stay updated with our newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Your country English I'm okay with Mozilla handling my info as explained in this Privacy Notice . Please check this box if you want to proceed. Loading... Sign Up Sign Up Thank you! If you haven’t previously confirmed your opt-in to a Mozilla Foundation-related email subscription you may have to do so now. Please check your inbox or spam filter for an email from us to click and confirm your subscription . Licensing Annual Reports & Financials Press Center Grantmaking Careers Privacy Cookies Legal Participation guidelines Donate Donate Language Deutsch English Español Français Frysk Kiswahili Nederlands Polski Português Mozilla Foundation is a global non-profit and parent of the Mozilla Corporation . Most content available under a Creative Commons license .