Online Panchang, Hindu Calendar and Astrology Predictions Powered by Anytime Astro Consult Online Astrologers Anytime Chat With Astrologer En Hi Home Home Talk to Astrologer Premium Janam Kundli 70% OFF Western Birth Chart Kundali Matching 70% OFF Ask An Astrologer Premium Raj Yog Premium Personalized Predictions Astrologer Online Live Astrologer Online Live Talk to Astrologer Premium Chat With Astrologer Love and Marriage Education and Career Finance and Money Ask An Astrologer Panchang Panchang Month Panchang Day Panchang Muhurat Muhurat Ask a Muhurat Choghadiya Gowri Panchangam Shubha Hora Rahu Kaal Abhijit Muhurat Astrology Astrology Horoscope Daily Horoscope Monthly Horoscope Yearly Horoscope Janam Kundli 70% OFF Hindi Kundali Kundali Matching 70% OFF Nakshatra Milan Kundali Matching By Name Yearly Horoscope Mangal Dosha Kaal Sarp Dosh Love Calculator Sun Sign Moon Sign Nakshatra Calculator Nakshatra Zodiac Signs Planetary Movements Planets Retrograde Ephemeris Planets Retrograde Ephemeris Sign Compatibility Vrat and Upavas Vrat and Upavas Purnima Vrat Amavasya Dates Ekadashi Vrat Pradosh Vrat Sankashti Chaturthi Vinayak Chaturthi Sankranti Dates Satyanarayan Puja Mysterious Mysterious Tarot Gemstone Calendar Calendar Hindu Calendar Indian Calendar Telugu Festivals Malayalam Festivals Tamil Festivals Gujarati Festivals Bengali Festivals Festivals Diwali Navratri Colors Sharad Navratri Chaitra Navratri More Prediction Chinese Gender Predictor Lyrics Aarti Chalisa Stotram Mantra Ashtakam Collection Nama Ramayanam Sunderkand Articles Astrology Astrotalk Career Education Finance Gemstone Love Marriage Relationship Trending Vastu Yoga Prediction Prediction Chinese Gender Predictor Calendar Calendar Hindu Calendar Indian Calendar Telugu Festivals Malayalam Festivals Tamil Festivals Gujarati Festivals Bengali Festivals Festivals Diwali Navratri Colors Sharad Navratri Chaitra Navratri Lyrics Lyrics Aarti Chalisa Stotram Mantra Ashtakam Collection Nama Ramayanam Sunderkand Articles Articles Astrology Astrotalk Career Education Finance Gemstone Love Marriage Relationship Trending Vastu Yoga Accurate Predictions On Love, Career, Money & More Free Chat App Available on: Android iOS Online Panchang, Hindu Calendar and Astrology Insights Janam Kundali Kundali Matching Horoscope 2026 Raj Yog Tarot Personalized Predictions Free Horoscope Daily Love Career Finance Health Aries Mar 21 - Apr 19 Taurus Apr 20 - May 20 Gemini May 21 - Jun 20 Cancer Jun 21 - Jul 22 Leo Jul 23 - Aug 22 Virgo Aug 23 - Sep 22 Libra Sep 23 - Oct 22 Scorpio Oct 23 - Nov 21 Sagittarius Nov 22 - Dec 21 Capricorn Dec 22 - Jan 19 Aquarius Jan 20 - Feb 18 Pisces Feb 19 - Mar 20 When Will Your Luck Change? Find now with your RajYoga Report! Get your detailed Rajyog report by an expert Astrologer and discover: Golden Period Favourable Points Rajyog in your Kundali Numerology Readings Lucky Color, Day and Stone Vedic Charts and Planetary Positions Find Your Golden Period Now! Astrology & Spirituality Yearly Horoscope Plan your goals according to 2026 yearly horoscope Get Report Hindu Calendar & Festivals Stay up to date about upcoming Tithi and festivals View Calendar Devotional Lyrics Aarti, Bhajan & Chalisa for various occasions View Collection Shubh Muhurat Check the most auspicious time of the day Ask a Muhurat Ask Our Astrologer For The Most Auspicious Muhurat For You! Ask Now Today’s Choghadiya Discover the auspicious and inauspicious times of the day Discover Rahu Kalam Check daily Rahu Kaal before starting something new Find Now Gowri Panchangam Find daily Nalla Neram to get the desired results Find Now Shubha Hora Check Shubh Muhurat based on Hora Chakra before making important decisions Discover Abhijit Muhurat Abhijit Muhurat is the most auspicious and powerful Muhurat. Discover Astro Calculators View All Use free online calculators to get the most accurate astrological reports Love Calculator Find true love score of your relationship Sun Sign Know your Sun Sign according to your birth Sign Compatibility Discover your compatibility based on Zodiac Sign Moon Sign Discover your Moon Sign according to your name Vedic Astrology Discover the hidden aspects of your Birth Chart and pave way for a better future Mangal Dosha Use This Mangal Dosha Calculator To Find If You Are Manglik Find Now Kaal Sarp Dosh Calculator Find Out If You Have Kaal Sarp Dosha In Your Kundli Find Now Chinese Gender Predictor Are You Having A Boy Or A Girl? Find With This Unique Gender Predictor Find Now Nakshatra Use This Calculator To Discover Your Birth Nakshatra Discover Vrats and Upvaas View All Don’t miss out on important vrat tithis Pradosh Vrat Dates Amavasya Vrat Dates Ekadashi Vrat Purnima Vrat Sankranti Dates Vinayak Chaturthi More Daily Horoscope Daily Horoscope Daily predictions to guide you through the day. Love and Relationships What do the stars say about your love life today? Business and Career Success or disappointment? Know what awaits you today. Finance and Investments Everyday money predictions to help you plan your day. Health and Wellness Daily health predictions and best health tips. Devotional Lyrics View All Aarti Aarti Sangrah, Aarti & Bhajan in Hindi and Aarti Song Collection Chalisa Shri Hanuman Chalisa, Ganesh Chalisa with other Chalisa Stotram Ganesh Mantra, Shiva Stotram, Kanakadhara Stotram & other Stotram Sunderkand Sunderkand, Sunderkand path and Ramcharitmanas About mPanchang mPanchang, one of the best astrology websites in India , brings the entire world of Astrology, Hindu festivals and Hindu Panchang at one place to provide astrological assistance based on Vedic Astrology. Our team of learned astrologers work dedicatedly on providing the most accurate daily, monthly and yearly horoscope (Rashifal) in english as well as in hindi . These astrology predictions are based on the exhaustive calculations, done by our highly experienced astrologers. We provide information on day wise Shubh Muhurat and Choghadiya . Owing to the value of vrat and upvaas observed on the special festivals and tithis, mPanchang regularly updates important Vrats and tithis. With our unparalleled knowledge, we aim to provide a set of wide ranging services like Janam Kundali, Kundali Matching, Puja room solutions, Online Puja and Anushthan, Personalized predictions and Ask an Astrologer, among updates about the upcoming festivals, vrat and upvaas, according to the Hindu calendar (panchang) . mPanchang is an all-in-one solution for all your queries about your love, career, finance, family and overall well being. Regularly posted articles are intended to keep you updated about the trending festivals, with a detailed description about the value, significance, muhurat, vrat vidhi and Puja, among other astrological occurrences. We strive to assist and support those who are facing tough times in life, and use this divine science called astrology to bring peace and happiness in everyone’s life. Delivering the most wide-ranging premium and personalized Astrological reports on the web & with an everyday growing user base, we are committed to delivering the finest and the most precise readings and other astrology services. Loading, please wait... Quick Links Talk to Astrologer Kundali Kundali Matching Raj Yog Love Calculator Vrat and Upavas Muhurat Birth Chart Calculator Today’s Panchang Tarot Shubh Muhurat Mangal Dosha Kaal Sarp Dosh Planets Retrograde Chinese Gender Predictor Purnima Vrat Rahu Kaal What's New Personalized Predictions Ask an Astrologer Mobile-Apps Horoscope Daily Horoscope Monthly Horoscope Yearly Horoscope More Contact-Us FAQs Feedback About Company Offers About mPanchang mPanchang brings the entire world of Astrology, Hindu Calendar and Hindu Panchang at one place. Share EULA | Privacy-Policy | Refund-Policy | Pricing-Policy | Terms of Use | Disclaimer Copyright © 2025 mPanchang.com. All rights reserved. × × Register to Get Everything For FREE! Detailed Personalised Kundali Report Consultation with Top Astrologers Daily Horoscope Notifications Lucky Colors and Numbers on Daily Basis And, Everything about Astrology . Later Register Now × Log In Register Log in to Connect with an Astrologer now Forgot your Password? or connect with Facebook × Invalid Username/Password. Sign Up to Connect with an Astrologer now By continuing, you agree to mPanchang's Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and authorize mpanchang.com & associated astrologers to contact you by email, phone or SMS. × Email already exists. Use another email.