Customer Data Platform - Home Compound Advertising and Ecommerce Outcomes with Real-Time Relevance. The hybrid CDP that combines real-time responsiveness with warehouse-native scale, giving multi-channel brands the flexibility to deliver adaptive customer experiences in the moments that matter most. Talk to an expert Get a demo Contact us Do more with more of your data. 01 Less guesswork. Better results. AI-powered customer insights and predictions power informed decisions at scale. With a strong data foundation as your source of truth—whether in-platform, natively in your cloud data warehouse, or both—your data stays accurate, secure, and ready to use. 02 Move faster. With less hassle. Activate data in real time or directly from your warehouse, without silos or added complexity. One platform supports both, so teams move faster today and scale with confidence tomorrow. 03 Turn data into action. Power your stack with hundreds of API-based integrations that make data flow seamlessly across every system. mParticle closes the loop between activation and insight, helping teams continuously refine and optimize every customer experience. 1000s of hours saved for the data engineering team How HBO Max launched personalized reengagement campaigns With mParticle, HBO Max's marketing team is able to create audiences without engineering support and engage with their users more strategically. Read customer story 40% increase in Sports+ membership using mParticle’s AI engine How the New York Post tripled campaign conversions for its premium sports membership Learn how the New York Post leveraged AI to improve campaign targeting and drive subscriptions. Read customer story mParticle is essential for Klarna because no matter what touchpoint a customer interacts on, we’re able to create a unified profile. We also have the ability to integrate different attributes, including our predictive attributes, within the same profile, in real time. Gaia Del Mauro Product Manager, CRM Data, Klarna 44% lift in upsell conversions driven by Predictive Audiences via Cortex How onX accelerated marketing campaigns with mParticle's AI engine onX incorporated mParticle's AI capabilities into existing workflows to fuel a remarkable 44% conversion rate uplift, enhancing marketing efficiency and impact. Read customer story Solutions you can rely on. Create a unified customer view Understand your customers through a single, comprehensive lens. Clean, unified data gives you one source of truth that you can share across teams. Unified view Understand customer journeys AI-driven predictions and analytics unlock game-changing insights to drive more engaging, personalized, cross-channel experiences. Understand journeys Lower acquisition costs Use first-party data to grow your customer base for less. Use real-time suppression, leverage lookalike models, personalize content, and test your marketing efforts—all in one platform. Lower costs Grow lifetime value Accelerate revenue per customer with multi-channel audience activation, churn prevention, loyalty and engagement enhancement, uplift/incrementality testing, improved ad targeting, and implementing next best action decisions. Grow value Enhance operational efficiencies Build a data-driven culture with real-time data access across teams. Make decisions faster and optimize operational costs through seamless compliance with privacy regulations—and reduce IT overhead. Enhance efficiencies Activate customer data By enabling real-time access to enriched customer profiles and ingesting event data for activation, companies can create tailored experiences, improve decision-making, and achieve higher engagement rates with precise targeting. Activate data The hybrid CDP built for real-time precision, warehouse scale, and enterprise trust. Real-time & composable Customer 360° Segmentation Analytics Artificial Intelligence Governance See all capabilities Rokt mParticle launches the Hybrid CDP on Snowflake AI Data Cloud Rokt mParticle launches the Hybrid CDP on Snowflake AI Data Cloud, combining real-time speed with cloud-native scale for the world’s leading consumer brands. Read announcement Latest from mParticle See all insights Press Release Rokt and mParticle Merge to Redefine Real-Time Relevance Company Leading the next generation of CDP solutions: mParticle celebrates acceptance into the MACH Alliance Company G2 recognizes mParticle for exceptional customer support Company mParticle Joins Elite Ranks with AWS Advertising and Marketing Technology Competency Growth Evaluating an Enterprise CDP? Consider these five critical requirements. Growth Navigating the CDP Noise: It’s time to move beyond dumb pipes See what’s possible with us. Contact us Let’s talk about how mParticle can get your business ready to scale. Fast. Contact us Let’s talk about how mParticle can get your business ready to scale. Fast. Explore the demo See it yourself. See the difference one platform can make. Get a demo See how mParticle can help you do more with your customer data. Platform Hybrid CDP Real-Time Architecture Composable Architecture Customer 360° Segmentation Analytics Governance Artificial intelligence Integrations Use cases Create a customer 360° Improve understanding of customers Lower customer acquisition cost Boost customer lifetime value Drive operational efficiencies Industries Media & entertainment QSR Retail Travel & hospitality Financial services Partners Partner overview Become a partner Partner portal Resources mParticle blog Resources News Developer docs Get Started Contact sales Request pricing Request demo Company About Careers Contact us Security Customers Brand Assets © 2025 mParticle, Inc. Privacy policy Cookie policy Website terms of service Platform terms of service Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data About Rokt Press Culture mParticle and Aftersell are registered trademarks of Rokt, Inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.