Platform
Solutions
Resources
Customers
Login
Contact us
Talk to an expert
Compound Advertising and Ecommerce Outcomes with Real-Time Relevance.

The hybrid CDP that combines real-time responsiveness with warehouse-native scale, giving multi-channel brands the flexibility to deliver adaptive customer experiences in the moments that matter most.

Talk to an expert
Contact us
Do more with more of your data.
01
Less guesswork. Better results.

AI-powered customer insights and predictions power informed decisions at scale. With a strong data foundation as your source of truth—whether in-platform, natively in your cloud data warehouse, or both—your data stays accurate, secure, and ready to use.

02
Move faster. With less hassle.

Activate data in real time or directly from your warehouse, without silos or added complexity. One platform supports both, so teams move faster today and scale with confidence tomorrow.

03
Turn data into action.

Power your stack with hundreds of API-based integrations that make data flow seamlessly across every system. mParticle closes the loop between activation and insight, helping teams continuously refine and optimize every customer experience.

1000s

of hours saved for the data engineering team

How HBO Max launched personalized reengagement campaigns

With mParticle, HBO Max's marketing team is able to create audiences without engineering support and engage with their users more strategically.

Read customer story

40%

increase in Sports+ membership using mParticle’s AI engine

How the New York Post tripled campaign conversions for its premium sports membership

Learn how the New York Post leveraged AI to improve campaign targeting and drive subscriptions.

Read customer story

mParticle is essential for Klarna because no matter what touchpoint a customer interacts on, we’re able to create a unified profile. We also have the ability to integrate different attributes, including our predictive attributes, within the same profile, in real time.

Gaia Del Mauro

Product Manager, CRM Data, Klarna

44%

lift in upsell conversions driven by Predictive Audiences via Cortex

How onX accelerated marketing campaigns with mParticle's AI engine

onX incorporated mParticle's AI capabilities into existing workflows to fuel a remarkable 44% conversion rate uplift, enhancing marketing efficiency and impact.

Read customer story
Solutions you can rely on.
Create a unified customer view

Understand your customers through a single, comprehensive lens. Clean, unified data gives you one source of truth that you can share across teams.

Unified view

Understand customer journeys

AI-driven predictions and analytics unlock game-changing insights to drive more engaging, personalized, cross-channel experiences. 

Understand journeys

Lower acquisition costs

Use first-party data to grow your customer base for less. Use real-time suppression, leverage lookalike models, personalize content, and test your marketing efforts—all in one platform.

Lower costs

Grow lifetime value

Accelerate revenue per customer with multi-channel audience activation, churn prevention, loyalty and engagement enhancement, uplift/incrementality testing, improved ad targeting, and implementing next best action decisions.

Grow value

Enhance operational efficiencies

Build a data-driven culture with real-time data access across teams. Make decisions faster and optimize operational costs through seamless compliance with privacy regulations—and reduce IT overhead.

Enhance efficiencies

Activate customer data

By enabling real-time access to enriched customer profiles and ingesting event data for activation, companies can create tailored experiences, improve decision-making, and achieve higher engagement rates with precise targeting.

Activate data

0
1
2
3
The hybrid CDP built for real-time precision, warehouse scale, and enterprise trust.
Real-time & composable
Customer 360°
Segmentation
Analytics
Artificial Intelligence
Governance
See all capabilities
Rokt mParticle launches the Hybrid CDP on Snowflake AI Data Cloud

Rokt mParticle launches the Hybrid CDP on Snowflake AI Data Cloud, combining real-time speed with cloud-native scale for the world’s leading consumer brands.

Read announcement
Latest from mParticle
See all insights
PRESS RELEASE

Rokt and mParticle Merge to Redefine Real-Time Relevance

COMPANY

Leading the next generation of CDP solutions: mParticle celebrates acceptance into the MACH Alliance

COMPANY

G2 recognizes mParticle for exceptional customer support

COMPANY

mParticle Joins Elite Ranks with AWS Advertising and Marketing Technology Competency

GROWTH

Evaluating an Enterprise CDP? Consider these five critical requirements.

GROWTH

Navigating the CDP Noise: It’s time to move beyond dumb pipes

0
1
2
3
See what’s possible with us.
Contact us

Let’s talk about how mParticle can get your business ready to scale. Fast.

Explore the demo

See it yourself. See the difference one platform can make.

PLATFORM
Hybrid CDP
Real-Time Architecture
Composable Architecture
Customer 360°
Segmentation
Analytics
Governance
Artificial intelligence
Integrations
USE CASES
Create a customer 360°
Improve understanding of customers
Lower customer acquisition cost
Boost customer lifetime value
Drive operational efficiencies
INDUSTRIES
Media & entertainment
QSR
Retail
Travel & hospitality
Financial services
PARTNERS
Partner overview
Become a partner
Partner portal
RESOURCES
mParticle blog
Resources
News
Developer docs
GET STARTED
Contact sales
Request pricing
Request demo
COMPANY
About
Careers
Contact us
Security
Customers
Brand Assets
© 2025 mParticle, Inc.
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Website terms of service
Platform terms of service
Do not sell or share my personal data
About Rokt
Press
Culture

mParticle and Aftersell are registered trademarks of Rokt, Inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie settings Accept all cookies