MPLAYS -
            
                
                    аналитика и управление внешним трафиком на маркетплейс Wildberries и Ozon MPLAYS - Аналитика и управление вашей рекламой для Wildberries и Ozon RU Plans Blog API For investors Company +7 383 383-06-14 Email Log In Register Plans Blog API For investors Company Log In Register +7 383 383-06-14 Email RU What we offer Boost your sales through analytics and external advertising management on Wildberries and Ozon Try for free watch review Let's help advertising work effectively We offer your team a complete set of tools for effective marketing campaigns. Audience gathering, segmentation, conversion due to Mplays service your advertising will be much more effective. Built-in Deeplink Send customers directly to your marketplace's mobile app to your product card Collect customer data You can collect databases of your customers and those who have been interested in your products Use a clear interface We have developed an intuitive and simple interface that is easy to get used to in a minimal amount of time Get daily reports Generate reports on your product orders, track product movement to the point of redemption Choose effective advertising channels Analyze Context and Targeting ads from bloggers. Collect advertising activity for each campaign and optimize traffic channels for your product Use integrations Connect via Wildberries api and collect an audience of users who ordered your product. After viewing conversions, offer new products and increase brand awareness We are trusted Useful information All blogs Как анализировать внешнюю рекламу, чтобы понять, сработало или нет? Реклама без анализа — это не продвижение, а казино.
А когда ты смотришь в цифры - у тебя появляется стратегия.
Вот чек-лист, как анализировать результат, чтобы не сливать бюджет в пустоту May 15, 2025 Побочные эффекты от внешней рекламы на маркетплейсах Внешняя реклама — это не про «залил деньги — получил 10 продаж».
Это про узнаваемость, рост, масштаб.
Побочные эффекты? Да. Но какие классные👆🏻 April 30, 2025 🤯 Много возвратов и невыкупов? Разбираем, как это исправить Каждый возврат — это не просто потеря товара, это минус в статистику, лишние расходы и падение в выдаче April 30, 2025 Как выбрать блогера, чтобы не слить бюджет впустую Если ты хочешь продвигать свой товар через блогеров - важно не просто «купить рекламу», а выбрать того, кто реально даст результат. April 16, 2025 📌 Как не проспать тренды на маркетплейсах? На маркетплейсах тренды — это про то, что сейчас ищет покупатель, что активно продвигают сами площадки и что будет «горячим» в ближайшие недели April 9, 2025 Plans up to 1,200 conversions 1 mp — 1 conversion Deeplink without counting order statistics — free free try 14,000 conversions 1 mp — 1 conversion 14000 переходов на карточку  товара из рекламы Браузерное расширение Статистика по ссылкам Анализ аудитории из рекламы Инструменты рекламного кабинета Телеграм ретаргет 9,940
                
              ₽ Buy 100,000 conversions 1 mp — 1 conversion 100 000 переходов на карточку товара из рекламы Браузерное расширение Статистика по ссылкам Анализ аудитории из рекламы Инструменты рекламного кабинета Телеграм ретаргет 40,000
                
                  
                
                  
                
                  
                
              ₽ Buy 500,000 conversions 1 mp — 1 conversion 500 000 переходов на карточку  товара из рекламы Браузерное расширение Статистика по ссылкам Анализ аудитории из рекламы Инструменты рекламного кабинета Телеграм ретаргет 100,000
                
                  
                
                  
                
                  
                
              ₽ Buy MP — it's the service's internal currency Every time users click on your advertising link, a certain amount of MP is deducted from your account. 3 months –10% 6 months –15% 12 months –25% People are talking about us We have been working with MPLAYS for half a year without any problems, statistics is accurate and in full. At the moment, the service offers the best solution for analyzing external traffic for marketplaces on the market. Technical support is always on the phone and explains everything clearly. Thanks guys, we are developing a new direction in the agency thanks to the site. Recommended! Dmitry Boev СЕО WEBTED Digital Agency We work with Mplays since May 2023, during this time the service is constantly changing and adding new features, we do not always have time to try everything, but for example the latest feature on tg mailings looks quite interesting. The cost of the service when buying transitions is quite high for us, so we buy unlimited tariff with it comes out quite cheap. Service helps in working with advertising especially when the cost of the order is quite high at us it comes to 3500 thousand rubles per client, but before the use of Mplays movement on goods in general did not feel. We work with constant optimization of advertising it gives budget savings almost 2 times. Mayzzer Anton Digital Technology We got acquainted with the service in December 2023, at that time we were just starting to get positions on WB. Internal advertising was exceeding the maximum DRR, so we began to consider additional promotion options, and at the moment we are driving traffic through context and bloggers.. Mplays helps us a lot in our work and in fact now not working with the service is like playing blind. We want to thank the developers of this service for their work! And to highlight the support service as any question is solved insanely fast and clearly. Galechnik Igor Cosmetic brand marketer Frequent questions How often is information in module statistics and reports updated? The process of updating the data is ongoing so that you have the latest and most accurate information. How to track the effectiveness of advertising from multiple sources at once? To do this, you need to create several separate links for each ad campaign What social media posts will I be able to track? The service allows you to find and analyze posts in Telegram, VK, YouTube, Instagram (a project of Meta Platforms Inc., whose activities are banned in Russia). If a post is posted in a private channel, will I be able to access its analytics? Both the analytics and the text of the post itself. The service's capabilities allow you to get access even to information that is restricted for various reasons by social networks or marketplace algorithms. Will I be able to see conversion data for my products on Wildberries from external traffic? Yes, in order for conversions from external traffic sources to be counted correctly, you need to add APIs (IDs) of your stores. API can be added during creation and editing of a client. Where do we get our competitors' advertising data from? We have a large number of paid sources as well as statistics freely available on social media and marketplaces. Will I be able to upload statistics? Yes, in addition to graphs and dashboards, the module has a number of digitized reports that can be downloaded to your computer in Excel format. Don't know how to work with external advertising? Mplays will launch AI-powered external traffic to your product. Want to know how? I want to know! The call is on its way! Please try again. * By submitting your phone number, you agree to the processing of personal data Would you like a guide? We will send instructions to your number* «How to double business efficiency on marketplaces even in crisis» Send it! The call is on its way! Please try again. * By submitting your phone number, you agree to the processing of personal data Our achievements Plans / Blog / Connect API / For investors / Company Log In / Register +7 383 383-06-14 analytics@mplays.ru Deputatskaya 46, Novosibirsk OOO «АТ МПЛЕЙС» ИНН 5405090530 КПП 540501001 ОГРН 1235400047288 Проект создан при поддержке Федерального государственного бюджетного учреждения
          "Фонд содействия развитию малых форм предприятий в научно-технической сфере"
          в рамках программы "Студенческий стартап" федерального проекта
          "Платформа университетского технологического предпринимательства". © 2026 Mplays Terms of service