Skip to Main Content
Skip to audio player to listen live
Stay Curious. Stay Connected.
Newsletters
♡
DONATE NOW
Menu
Programs & Podcasts
Schedule
Ways to Give
Search
Sign in
Good evening!
Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025
The 43 best books MPR News staff read in 2025
7:00 PM
The Thread® - Books and Literary News

Each year, the MPR newsroom shares staff picks of the best books we read in 2025. From a familiar Minnesota romance author to Dust Bowl-era historical fiction with a dash of magical realism, here’s the books we couldn’t put down.

MPR News staff picks from 2024
Save
Here’s what to know about a viral YouTube video about fraud in Minnesota
8:14 AM
All Things Considered

University of Minnesota media law professor Jane Kirtley says the new viral video is flashy, but absent of facts to back up its claims — and its lack of transparency could be considered deceptive.

Listen
[4:37]
Save
LGBTQ+ recovery community devastated by Pride Institute inpatient program closure
7:00 PM
Health

For nearly 40 years, the Pride Institute in Eden Prairie has offered one of just a few residential programs in the region that exclusively serves LGBTQ+ people. People in the recovery community say the closure is devastating.

Listen
[2:35]
Save
Minnesota adds extra review to high-risk Medicaid programs amid fraud concerns
10:44 AM
Politics and Government News

Minnesota has added extra review for 14 high-risk Medicaid programs amid fraud concerns, a move officials say could delay payments but protect benefits for patients.

Save
‘We are going to see some loss’: Minnesota Ag lenders brace for a volatile 2026
7:00 PM
Agriculture

Falling crop prices, rising input costs and the continuing trade wars mean that 2026 could be a difficult year for the community banks that lend to Minnesota farmers.

Listen
[4:16]
Save
Cleanup continues following Minnesota blizzard; Minneapolis, St. Paul declare snow emergencies
Updated at 4:35 AM
Weather and Climate News

No-travel advisories across southern Minnesota were lifted Monday, as driving conditions gradually improved following Sunday’s blizzard conditions. Many cities across the region implemented snow emergency parking rules.

Here’s how much snow has fallen
Save
Six people rescued after two snowmobiles go through the ice on Lake Vermilion
3:15 AM
Disasters

The snowmobiles went through the ice on a marked trail on the lake outside Tower, Minn. Patrons and workers at a nearby restaurant helped pull the people to safety.

Save
MORE TOP STORIES FROM MPR NEWS →
TWIN CITIES WEATHER
3º
2:24 AM
VIEW FORECAST AND LIVE RADAR
MPR News meteorologists Paul Huttner, Sven Sundgaard and Mandy Thalhuber.
UPDRAFT ®
Weather news, forecasts and more from our weather team
Chilly overnight but warmer Tuesday ahead of more snow showers
Latest episode
[3:55]
Weather snarls travelers' plans in southern Minnesota and the Twin Cities
Minnesota Today: the latest news in about five minutes, every weekday morning and evening.
SUBSCRIBE TO PODCAST
Here’s how much snow has fallen in Minnesota after the post-holiday blizzard
11:55 PM
Weather and Climate News

Here’s the latest recorded snowfall totals across Minnesota and in neighboring states.

Save
Suspect charged with killing security guard at Chisago County hospital
3:01 AM
Crime, Law and Justice

A man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly fatally assaulting a security guard at a hospital in Chisago County on Christmas Day.

Save
Chilly Monday with more snow possible Tuesday and Wednesday
10:02 PM

We remain in the track of weather systems with another round of snow showers Tuesday and Wednesday. Temperatures will be briefly warmer tomorrow before falling again Wednesday. 

Save
Genre fiction and female authors top U.S. libraries’ most-borrowed lists in 2025
10:05 AM
The Thread® - Books and Literary News

All of the top 10 books borrowed through the public library app Libby were written by women. And Kristin Hannah’s “The Women” was the top checkout in many library systems around the country.

Save
Trump and Netanyahu to meet in Florida at a crucial moment for the Gaza ceasefire
9:53 PM
International

President Trump could use the face-to-face at his Mar-a-Lago estate to look for ways to speed up the peace process, as Israel’s leader has been accused of not pushing his side to move fast enough.

Save
Can you beat the Minnesota news nerds?
3 days ago

From culture, community and controversy, this week's news quiz revisits Minnesota stories from 2025. How much do you remember?

Save
MORE LATEST NEWS →
RECOMMENDED 🎧
Here’s what to know about a viral YouTube video about fraud in Minnesota
Listen
[4:37]
UW-River Falls football heads to national championship for the first time
Listen
[5:15]
Power Pairs: A rabbi and a politician on what makes a strong marriage
Listen
[46:13]
Is a plant-based diet right for you?
Listen
[47:11]
What to do about rising home insurance costs
Listen
[4:30]
Stories for the cold months: The importance of seasonal storytelling
Listen
[51:21]
VIEW ALL PROGRAMS
MPR NEWS PODCASTS
VIEW ALL PODCASTS
What stories should we cover next?
Share your ideas with our editors, and you may see it on MPR News.
SHARE YOUR IDEAS
♡
DONATE NOW
About MPR News
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Frequently Asked Questions
Fundraising Credentials
More from MPR
Newsletters
Outages
Press
Privacy
Shop
Staff Directory
Stations
Terms
Why Trust Us
Get the app
Stay Connected to MPR News
© 2025 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Volume
ON AIR
BBC WORLD SERVICE