Mr. Cooper - Your Home Loans & Refinance Partner Connecting you with Rocket Mortgage ® Rocket Mortgage is an affiliate of Mr. Cooper. You aren’t required to use its lending services. Learn more Cancel Continue Loan Types Calculators Home Equity Refinance Buy a Home Help Center Are you a new client? Find My Loan Skip to Content Accessibility Information Rates Apply Help Sign In Sign In Homeownership Powered by Rocket Mortgage ® We’ve joined Rocket Mortgage ® to make your homeownership journey more seamless and confident at every step. Whatever’s next, we’re here to help. Learn more. Refinance or Get Cash Buying or Selling a Home Get Cash Without Refinancing With a home equity loan, you may be able to access your home’s equity without losing the rate on your first mortgage. It's never been easier to get cash for remodels, repairs and more. Get My Cash This is not a commitment to lend. All loans are subject to credit and property approval. This offer is non-transferable and may not be combined with any other mortgage offer. Advertised offer is subject to change. If a personal code is present on the advertised offer, you must provide such code to claim the offer. We may gather information about you including, but not limited to, credit bureau information, information for verification of income, information for appraisal and verification of property being used for collateral. We also verify your identity. Income, assets, and debt must meet eligibility requirements as established by Government and/or Lender guidelines. Careers Blog Contact Us Sitemap B2B Lending Master Servicing Corporate Responsibility 2023 Cyber Incident Terms of Use Privacy Licensing Information CA, NV, SC & WA Residents twitter linkedin instagram 8950 Cypress Waters Blvd., Coppell, TX 75019 Careers Blog Contact Us Sitemap B2B Lending Master Servicing Corporate Responsibility 2023 Cyber Incident Terms of Use Privacy Licensing Information CA, NV, SC & WA Residents twitter linkedin instagram 8950 Cypress Waters Blvd., Coppell, TX 75019 Nationstar Mortgage LLC (d/b/a Mr. Cooper) and Rocket Mortgage, LLC are separate companies uniting under the same parent organization. © 2025 Nationstar Mortgage LLC d/b/a Mr. Cooper. Mr. Cooper is a registered service mark of Nationstar Mortgage LLC. NMLS: #2119 NMLS Consumer Access ( www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org ). © 2025 Nationstar Mortgage LLC d/b/a Mr. Cooper. Mr. Cooper is a registered service mark of Nationstar Mortgage LLC. NMLS: #2119 NMLS Consumer Access ( www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org ).