Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Products Features Prompts Support Buy Microsoft 365
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Welcome to
Microsoft 365 Copilot

The Microsoft 365 Copilot app (formerly Office) lets you create, share, and collaborate all in one place with your favorite apps now including Copilot.*

Sign in
Buy Microsoft 365
One place for your AI and productivity tools

Explore how the Microsoft 365 Copilot app helps you search, chat*, create, and stay in the flow.

Find what matters fast

Find files and information with a streamlined search experience.

Go to Search
Chat with your AI assistant*

Summarize, draft, analyze, and explore ideas with AI chat.

Go to Chat
Turn ideas into polished content

Create images, posters, banners, videos, surveys and more with easy-to-use templates.

Go to Create
Access AI-powered apps

Get AI assistance in your favorite apps like Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and more.

Go to Apps
Experience classic Office apps enhanced with AI

AI is built into the Office apps you know and trust. With Copilot in Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint, you can draft, design, and edit effortlessly, giving you more time for ideas and impact.

Word with Copilot

Draft smarter and finish faster.

Try in Word
Excel with Copilot

Unlock insights and make decisions.

Try in Excel
Outlook with Copilot

Write clear, concise emails in less time.

Try in Outlook
PowerPoint with Copilot

Turn ideas into polished presentations.

Try in PowerPoint
Ready to see Copilot in action?

Start with a prompt and turn ideas into impact.

Draft an introduction

Write a compelling intro paragraph to /doc

Try this prompt
Create an image

Design an image of a drawing of a database in colored pencil.

Try this prompt
Visualize my data

Create a bar chart of [energy consumption for the top 5 energy consuming countries].

Try this prompt
View other prompts
Did you know?
Expand all
01/
The Microsoft Office app is now Microsoft 365 Copilot

Microsoft 365 (formerly Microsoft Office 365) is a subscription service that offers a suite of productivity tools and cloud-based services from Microsoft. It combines familiar applications like Word, Excel, and PowerPoint with services like OneDrive, Teams, and Outlook, enabling users to create, collaborate, and share content from anywhere. Microsoft 365 also includes security features and device management tools.

02/
Your favorite apps are still here
*Copilot Chat in the Microsoft 365 Copilot app is available for Microsoft 365 Enterprise, Academic, SMB, Personal and Family subscribers with a work, education, or personal account. Availability is subject to currently supported regions and languages. Learn more about supported regions and languages here.
Follow Microsoft 365
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Copilot for organizations
Copilot for personal use
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
AI for education
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Microsoft Developer
Microsoft Learn
Support for AI marketplace apps
Microsoft Tech Community
Microsoft Marketplace
Marketplace Rewards
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2025
This site runs Microsoft Clarity for behavioral insights. By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your data, such as how you interact with this website, by Microsoft for product improvements. Learn more here and at our Privacy Statement.