Morgan Stanley | Global Leader in Financial Services Investor Relations Media Relations Client Login Client Login Morgan Stanley Online Morgan Stanley at Work Research Portal Matrix Morgan Stanley Online Morgan Stanley at Work Research Portal Matrix Our Insights Our Insights Personal Finance Market Trends Technology & Disruption Sustainability Diversity & Inclusion STAY UP TO DATE Sign Up For Our Newsletter Listen To Our Podcasts At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Personal Finance Learn from our industry leaders about how to manage your wealth and help meet your personal financial goals. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Market Trends From volatility and geopolitics to economic trends and investment outlooks, stay informed on the key developments shaping today's markets. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Technology & Disruption Whether it’s hardware, software or age-old businesses, everything today is ripe for disruption. Stay abreast of the latest trends and developments. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Sustainability Our insightful research, advisory and investing capabilities give us unique and broad perspective on sustainability topics. At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. Diversity & Inclusion Multicultural and women entrepreneurs are the cutting-edge leaders of businesses that power markets. Hear their stories and learn about how they are redefining the terms of success. Featured 2025 Midyear Investment Outlook: All Eyes on the U.S. Outlooks 2025 Midyear Economic Outlook: A Widespread Deceleration Outlooks Thoughts on the Market Insights What We Do What We Do Wealth Management Investment Banking & Capital Markets Sales & Trading Research Investment Management Morgan Stanley at Work Sustainable Investing Inclusive & Sustainable Ventures Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Wealth Management We help people, businesses and institutions build, preserve and manage wealth so they can pursue their financial goals. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Investment Banking & Capital Markets We have global expertise in market analysis and in advisory and capital-raising services for corporations, institutions and governments. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Sales & Trading Global institutions, leading hedge funds and industry innovators turn to Morgan Stanley for sales, trading and market-making services. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Research We offer timely, integrated analysis of companies, sectors, markets and economies, helping clients with their most critical decisions. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Investment Management We deliver active investment strategies across public and private markets and custom solutions to institutional and individual investors. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Morgan Stanley at Work We provide comprehensive workplace financial solutions for organizations and their employees, combining personalized advice with modern technology. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Sustainable Investing We offer scalable investment products, foster innovative solutions and provide actionable insights across sustainability issues. Morgan Stanley helps people, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals. Inclusive & Sustainable Ventures From our startup lab to our cutting-edge research, we broaden access to capital for entrepreneurs and spotlight their success. Featured Get Matched with a Financial Advisor Wealth Management Explore What We Offer E*TRADE from Morgan Stanley About Us About Us Core Values Leadership History Locations Diversity Sustainability Giving Back Technology Sponsorships Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Core Values Everything we do at Morgan Stanley is guided by our five core values: Do the right thing, put clients first, lead with exceptional ideas, commit to diversity and inclusion, and give back. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Leadership Morgan Stanley leadership is dedicated to conducting first-class business in a first-class way. Our board of directors and senior executives hold the belief that capital can and should benefit all of society. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. History From our origins as a small Wall Street partnership to becoming a global firm of more than 80,000 employees today, Morgan Stanley has been committed to clients and communities for 90 years. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Locations The global presence that Morgan Stanley maintains is key to our clients' success, giving us keen insight across regions and markets, and allowing us to make a difference around the world. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Diversity Morgan Stanley is differentiated by the caliber of our diverse team. Our culture of access and inclusion has built our legacy and shapes our future, helping to strengthen our business and bring value to clients. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Sustainability Our firm's commitment to sustainability informs our operations, governance, risk management, diversity efforts, philanthropy and research. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Giving Back At Morgan Stanley, giving back is a core value—a central part of our culture globally. We live that commitment through long-lasting partnerships, community-based delivery and engaging our best asset—Morgan Stanley employees. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Technology As a global financial services firm, Morgan Stanley is committed to technological innovation. We rely on our technologists around the world to create leading-edge, secure platforms for all our businesses. Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has consistently delivered first-class business in a first-class way. Underpinning all that we do are five core values. Sponsorships At Morgan Stanley, we believe creating a more equitable society begins with investing in access, knowledge and resources to foster potential for all. We are committed to supporting the next generation of leaders and ensuring that they reflect the diversity of the world they inherit. Careers Careers Students & Graduates Opportunities Experienced Professionals Opportunities Technology Professionals Experienced Financial Advisors We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Students & Graduates A career at Morgan Stanley means belonging to an ideas-driven culture that embraces new perspectives to solve complex problems. See how you can make meaningful contributions as a student or recent graduate at Morgan Stanley. We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Experienced Professionals At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find trusted colleagues, committed mentors and a culture that values diverse perspectives, individual intellect and cross-collaboration. See how you can continue your career journey at Morgan Stanley. We believe our greatest asset is our people. We value our commitment to diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion across the firm. Discover who we are and the right opportunity for you. Experienced Financial Advisors At Morgan Stanley, our premier brand, robust resources and market leadership can offer you a new opportunity to grow your practice and continue to fulfill on your commitment to deliver tailored wealth management advice that helps your clients reach their financial goals. Featured Explore Our Culture Careers Yes, You Can Be a Tech Innovator at Morgan Stanley Technology CLEAR Wealth Management Will 2026 Tame the Bull Market? Thoughts on the Market Will the Data Center Boom Impact Your Wallet? Research Clear Skies for Corporate Travel in 2026 EXPLORE MORE What We Do At Morgan Stanley, clients come first. We help individuals, families, institutions and governments raise, manage and distribute the capital they need to achieve their goals Explore Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Investment Banking & Capital Markets Sales & Trading Research Investment Management Morgan Stanley at Work Sustainable Investing Inclusive & Sustainable Ventures We help people, businesses and institutions build, preserve and manage wealth so they can pursue their financial goals. Wealth Management Wealth Management What Should I Do With My Money? Podcast We have global expertise in market analysis and in advisory and capital-raising services for corporations, institutions and governments. Investment Banking & Capital Markets Investment Banking AI's Next Leap: 5 Trends Shaping Innovation and ROI Global institutions, leading hedge funds and industry innovators turn to Morgan Stanley for sales, trading and market-making services. Sales & Trading Sales and Trading How M&A is Reshaping U.S. Healthcare Systems We offer timely, integrated analysis of companies, sectors, markets and economies, helping clients with their most critical decisions. Research Research GenAI Revenue Could Surpass $1 Trillion by 2028 We provide specialized investment strategies across a range of asset classes, in public and private markets, to help investors worldwide achieve their investment goals. Investment Management Investment Management Stock Market Outlook: Bull Market May Not Be Finished We provide comprehensive workplace financial solutions for organizations and their employees, combining personalized advice with modern technology. Morgan Stanley at Work Morgan Stanley at Work Listen in to "Invested at Work" Podcast We offer sustainable investment products, foster innovative solutions and provide actionable insights across sustainability issues. Sustainable Investing From our startup lab to our cutting-edge research, we broaden access to capital for diverse entrepreneurs and spotlight their success. Inclusive & Sustainable Ventures Diversity & Inclusion 20 Women Founders Who Have Raised More Than $1M Recent Insights At Morgan Stanley, we lead with exceptional ideas. Across all our businesses, we offer keen insight on today's most critical issues. See All Insights Investment Banking AI’s Impact on Software, Networks and Marketing in Europe Companies are racing to deliver AI-driven returns, cost savings and productivity gains while preparing for disruption that will create new winners and upend legacy models. Wealth Management Is Higher Inflation Here to Stay? Inflation could stay higher for longer than many expect. How should you position your portfolio? Insights The View from Morgan Stanley’s Asia Pacific Summit 2025 From AI and robotics to industrial growth, hear Morgan Stanley leaders discuss the most important trends shaping our 24th Asia Pacific Summit in Singapore. Research The Longevity Effect Morgan Stanley leaders discuss how the world’s aging population represents challenges, but also opportunities for businesses and investors. Research Dollar Depreciation Could Deepen Before a Rebound The U.S. dollar is poised for a volatile year ahead, with further declines expected through mid-2026 before a comeback in the second half. Wealth Management Early Surge or Late Grind for U.S. Stocks? The U.S. equity bull market may have room to run in 2026, but how much further is up for debate. How should you invest? Investment Banking AI’s Impact on Software, Networks and Marketing in Europe Wealth Management Is Higher Inflation Here to Stay? Insights The View from Morgan Stanley’s Asia Pacific Summit 2025 Research The Longevity Effect Research Dollar Depreciation Could Deepen Before a Rebound Wealth Management Early Surge or Late Grind for U.S. Stocks? 7275232 63766 3CD19151-F46C-4595-84CF-8EEC3E05FD19 false false Sign up to get Morgan Stanley’s Five Ideas newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox. Email Address Email Address (Required) Invalid Email Address Submit Thank You for Subscribing! Thank you for your interest in Morgan Stanley Ideas. default-msdotcom-options true Submit Thank You for Subscribing! Thank you for your interest in Morgan Stanley Ideas. Discover Who We Are & Join Us Ready to innovate and make an impact every day? Morgan Stanley offers unparalleled opportunities, a commitment to inclusion and a supportive environment in which our people can develop to reach their full potential. Learn More Giving Back Alliance for Children's Mental Health Diversity A Shared Past, a Common Purpose Students and Graduates Explore Our Programs Diversity not only powers innovation, but it makes for a much richer experience for all of us. I’ve been very fortunate to work for Morgan Stanley. Meet Mona Mona Eldam Head of Application Data Infrastructure and Messaging for Institutional Securities Technology More Insights Institute for Sustainable Investing Most Institutional Investors Maintain Positive Outlook for Sustainable Investments Outlooks 2026 Economic Outlook: Moderate Growth With a Range of Possibilities Outlooks 2026 Investment Outlook: U.S. Stocks Shine in Spotlight of Favorable Conditions Wealth Management Does Crypto Have a Place in Your Portfolio? What Should I Do With My Money Podcast Solidcore Founder Anne Mahlum Doesn’t Want to Die Rich Research Dick’s Sporting Goods: A New Arena for Retail Research Consumer Credit Remains Resilient at the Top Research AI and M&A in European Tech, Media and Telecom View More Insights Disclosures Investor Relations Corporate Governance Newsroom Careers Contact Us Global Offices Equal Employment Opportunity Cybersecurity Terms of Use Privacy & Cookies Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved.