Ms. Magazine — Feminist news and information in print and online - Ms. Magazine Skip to content Trending: MEDIA SEXISM FILM & TV TEXAS EPSTEIN SURVIVORS HUNGER VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN TRUMP WORKING WOMEN More Than A Magazine, A Movement donate join Renew Primary Menu News & Opinion Politics Health Culture Ms. Studios Women & Democracy Series Explore by Topic Store ‘We’re 53 Years Ahead of Where They Were Then’: Looking Back at 50+ Years of Ms.—and Looking Forward to a Feminist Future In a new bonus episode of Looking Back, Moving Forward , Ms. executive editor Kathy Spillar, consulting editor Carmen Rios, Ms. Committee of Scholars co-chair Janell Jobson, and legendary author, activist and professor Loretta Ross explore how the stories of our past can continue to inspire us—and give us hope in the fight forward. “I don’t believe that the assault on women and women’s rights can be extracted from the overall dysfunction of all societies.” “We have to keep rewriting history and reclaiming history, especially knowing that the forces out there are doing what they can to erase us.” “There’s a long lineage of people who have been fighting this fight, because they know that we deserve justice.” Carmen Rios Ms. Magazine’s Top Feminists of 2025 Ms. Editors What the Backlash Against Women’s Leadership Tells Us About Young Men Katie Usalis In Norfolk, Va., Parents and Community Members Took Children’s Education and Safety Into Their Own Hands Monét Johnson and Carl Poole Disrupting Intimidation: How Texas Hotel Workers Are Shaking Up the Industry Dayana Cruz Estudillo Fourteen Big Feminist Wins in 2025 Vivian Rose and Maya Olson Get the Ms. Weekly News Digest: Sign Up Listen, Rate, Review and subscribe on: Lessons from Ms. for the Feminist Future (with Kathy Spillar, Loretta Ross, and Janell Hobson) ProQuest’s Ms. magazine archive, available now in libraries and on campuses nationwide, offers an incredible view of the last 50-plus years of feminist activism and movement-building. This special bonus episode of Looking Back, Moving Forward—recorded live during a celebration in Los Angeles marking the launch of the archive and featuring Ms. editors, contributors, and scholar leaders—explores what our collective history can teach us about confronting our present moment, and how it can light the path toward the feminist future. Get the magazine and join the community Become a Member Support Ms. Donate National Anna Rose Layden / Getty Images No, Abortion Pills Aren’t Polluting U.S. Waterways Candace Gibson and Anna Bernstein Global Gary Hershorn / Getty Images How the Trump Administration Used a National Guard Tragedy to Accelerate Its Anti-Immigrant Agenda Mary Giovagnoli Feminist Daily Newswire Feminist Majority Foundation What Australia’s New Social Media Ban May Mean for Young Women Following Tragic D.C. Shooting, Afghan Allies Face a New Wave of Enforcement and Fear A Birth Control Battle: Survivors Take Pfizer to Court Over Depo-Provera South Carolina Senate Rejects Push for Abortion Criminalization Bill Planned Parenthood Forced to Close 20 Clinics After Medicaid Cuts From the Magazine: Join the Ms. community Get Ms.’s award-winning feminist reporting delivered directly to your mailbox! Sneak Peek: What’s in the Winter Issue of Ms.? Groundbreaking Reporting on Women’s Health and Power Mifepristone has shown potential to treat a striking range of diseases and conditions, some life-threatening: fibroids, breast cancer, depression, endometriosis, Gulf War illness and maybe even other autoimmune diseases, such as chronic fatigue syndrome and multiple sclerosis. Research also suggests that mifepristone may help prevent some forms of breast cancer and can serve as an effective weekly contraceptive without the side effects of hormonal birth control. Yet despite the drug’s promise, its development has been repeatedly stymied by abortion opponents who fear wider availability would weaken their attempts to suppress abortion access. The result? Women are left in needless pain and subject to invasive and unnecessary surgical procedures like hysterectomies. Ms. Editors Immigration Isn’t a Problem—It’s Part of the Solution [Part 2 of 3] Mary Giovagnoli What Feminist Wins Can Teach Us About Immigration [Part 3 of 3] Mary Giovagnoli A Message From the Life of Urvashi Vaid: Do Not Remain Silent Jaime Patel One Megabill for the Megarich Belle Taylor-McGhee Murder, Pardons and Impunity: How Antiabortion Violence Escalated Under Trump [Part 1 of 4] Jodi Enda The Long Shadow of Dr. George Tiller: Abortion Providers Under Attack [Part 2 of 4] Jodi Enda A Very Bad Year for Women’s Health When I started writing for The Contrarian , a funny-not-funny inside joke was whether there would be enough fodder for a weekly democracy column that overtly centers gender. I think you already know the punchline. Suffice it to say, I did not miss a single Wednesday in all of 2025. For my final entry of the year, we thought it worthwhile to offer a snapshot—a year’s worth of reporting on the depth of damage this administration has wreaked on women’s health, with real-time Contrarian reporting noted. Jennifer Weiss-Wolf Arts & Entertainment National The Best Feminist Fiction Films and TV Shows of 2025 Aviva Dove-Viebahn Arts & Entertainment National Our Favorite Feminist Documentaries From the Past Year Aviva Dove-Viebahn Community Global National The Most-Read Ms. Stories of 2025 Roxanne Szal Arts & Entertainment National 2025 ‘Best of the Rest’: Our Favorite Books of the Year Karla J. Strand and Violet Pandya Health Immigration Justice & Law National Politics Violence & Harassment Scott Olson / Getty Images The Best and Worst Quotes of 2025, By and About Women Katie Fleischer and Livia Follet Global Health Courtesy of Women Help Women A Global Telehealth First: Women Help Women Begins Producing Abortion Pill Combipack Carrie N. Baker Justice & Law National Politics Dominic Gwinn / Middle East Images via AFP Project 2026 Declares Open War on Women’s Rights Kathy Spillar Justice & Law National Violence & Harassment Mike Campbell / NurPhoto via Getty Images Police Officer Domestic Violence Is A Crisis. It’s Time for States to Take Action. Brian Stanley National Violence & Harassment Noah Williford / The Appalachian She Was an Antiabortion Poster Child. Now She’s a Reproductive Freedom Activist. Maddie Glenn and Ava Slocum Arts & Entertainment National December 2025 Reads for the Rest of Us Karla J. Strand and Violet Pandya About Ms. Ms. History Masthead Ms. Committee of Scholars Internships Membership Get Ms. Give the Gift of Ms. Manage Your Ms. Email Preferences Member Services Support Ms. Newsletters Back Issues Store Contact Media Center Writing for Ms. Contact Us Advertise with Ms. Programs & Sister Organizations Feminist Majority Foundation Feminist Campus Girls Learn International Copyright © 2026Feminist Majority Foundation Author Guidelines and Rights Terms of Service Privacy Policy Search for: Ms. is wholly owned and published by the Feminist Majority Foundation