www.mst.edu –
    Missouri University of Science and Technology |
 Missouri S&T Back to S&T Home Apply Visit Inquire Give Campus Map Departments Find a Department View A to Z directory Search Clear No results found. View all departments For You For You Future Students S&T Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Family & Friends Tools & Resources Canvas Email Joe'SS My S&T MinerLink myHR Directory News Social Media Events Library Search Explore S&T Missouri S&T Missouri University of Science and Technology Academics Admissions & Aid Campus Life Athletics Research About S&T www.mst.edu www.mst.edu Summer High School Programs Build confidence, strengthen your STEM skills, and get ready for college with hands-on experiences. Explore our summer programs S&T Students at the Heart of Innovation Our programs empower students to drive innovation and shape the future. Discover your future at S&T Unlock the Power of AI in Education Access AI tools, courses, programs, news, and workshops to enhance learning and innovation. Explore our AI programs R1 Status Achieved S&T joins the nation's top R1 research universities, driving innovation and discovery to solve tomorrow's biggest challenges. Discover our R1 advantage Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri S&T Solving For Tomorrow: We have over 100 degree programs in 40 areas of study such as computer science, business, engineering, humanities, and liberal arts. Find your passion at S&T. Academics Admissions & Aid Campus Life Miner Athletics Research About S&T Left Right Left Right Academics Admissions & Aid Campus Life Miner Athletics Research About S&T Left Right Our Programs Find the Right Program For You We have over 100 degree programs in 40 areas of study such as computer science, business, engineering, humanities, and liberal arts. What Do You Want To Study? Search Clear No results found. Explore all programs Explore by Program Type Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Doctoral Programs Online & Distance Programs Pre-College Summer Programs Explore all programs Collaborative Learning for Real-World Impact At S&T, collaboration drives learning. Work with professors and peers on research, design teams, and student organizations—applying theory to real challenges while building your network. Explore academics Build Your Legacy at Missouri S&T Whether you’re a mentor, competitor, or artist, you’ll find a welcoming dynamic community that inspires you to explore. Arrive with an open mind and graduate equipped to drive meaningful change in a rapidly evolving world. 1 No. Public University in Missouri for Return on Investment Georgetown's Center on Education 7,000 Over Students Enrolled at S&T, both on-campus and distance 3 No. Among Public Universities for Best Career Placement Princeton Review, 2025 7 th Best Value College in the United States SmartAsset, 2022 Degrees Visit S&T Scholarships Admissions Rankings & Highlights Top 10 Missouri S&T is nationally recognized for tremendous value and high earning potential by The
                                    New York Times. See NY
                                        Times ratings Top 10 Missouri S&T is the only Missouri university in The Wall Street Journal's top 10 list of
                                    universities on salary impact. See WSJ
                                        ratings Best ROI Among Public Universities in Missouri Wall Street Journal/College Pulse, 2023 Best Value University in Missouri SmartAsset, 2023 Best College In Missouri and 6th Among U.S. Public
                                    Universities DegreeChoices, 2022 Best ROI Among Public Universites in Missouri Wall Street Journal/College Pulse, 2023 Best Value University in Missouri SmartAsset, 2023 Best College In Missouri and 6th Among U.S. Public
                                    Universities DegreeChoices, 2022 Top 10 Missouri S&T is nationally recognized for tremendous value and high earning potential by The
                                    New York Times. See NY Times
                                        Ratings Top 10 Missouri S&T is the only Missouri university in The Wall Street Journal's top 10 list of
                                    universities on salary impact. See WSJ Ratings Design Teams Ignite Your Leadership Potential Through Experiential Learning Join one of our 21 design teams and work with fellow students in a cross-functional community, with opportunities to lead and solve challenges from day one—no matter your major. Explore design teams Campus Life Find Your Place at S&T There’s something here for everyone. With over 250 organizations and clubs, you’ll find your fit, connect with others, and grow in our inclusive campus community. Learn about campus life Unlock Tomorrow, Today. Through hands-on learning and real-world experiences, Missouri S&T supports your growth, fuels your curiosity, and empowers your passion to shape the future. Talk with an admissions counselor Your Future Starts Here in Rolla Step onto campus, connect with current students, and explore diverse majors at Missouri S&T. Discover your place and prepare to solve for tomorrow. Apply Visit Inquire Take the Next Step Apply Visit Inquire Campus Closed for Winter Break Campus will be closed for winter break Thursday, Dec. 25, through Thursday, Jan. 1. For more information, visit our alert site . × Missouri S&T Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri S&T, Rolla, MO 65409 800-522-0938 web@mst.edu Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri S&T, Rolla, MO 65409 800-522-0938 webmaster@mst.edu Work at S&T Accreditation Police and Parking Our Brand S&T Alerts Giving Student Accessibility and Testing Social Media
                              Directory Facebook Instagram Linked In Twitter Youtube Discord TikTok All S&T Accounts Missouri S&T is an equal opportunity employer . © The Curators of the University of Missouri UM System Privacy Policy Consumer Information Terminalfour 800-522-0938 web@mst.edu Accessibility Support Missouri S&T - Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri University of Science and Technology Close Search Search only Yes No Top Searches How to Apply Post Admission Checklist Costs & Fees Academic Dates Scholarships Advising Quick Links Directory Campus Map Current Students Parking S&T Email Giving to S&T Missouri S&T - Missouri University of Science and Technology Missouri University of Science and Technology Apply Visit Inquire Give Close Academics Menu Academics Overview of Academics Search Degrees & Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Online Degrees & Certificates Pre-College Summer Programs Admissions Menu Admissions & Aid Overview of Admissions & Aid First-Time Freshman Transfer Students International Students Graduate Students Online & Distance Military Students Dual Enrollment Summer Camp Students Campus Life Menu Campus Life Overview of Campus Life Living Options Miner Athletics Student Organizations Recreation Design Teams The Rolla Community Research Menu Research Overview of Research Office of Research & Innovation Faculty Experts Research Core Research News Innovation & Entrepreneurship University Libraries For You Future Students S&T Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Family & Friends Quick Links Social Events News Campus Map Directory The S&T Store About S&T Overview Rankings Leadership Giving S&T Alerts Work at S&T Facebook Instagram Linked In Twitter Youtube Discord TikTok All S&T Accounts Learn how Missouri S&T is Solving For Tomorrow Missouri S&T 800-522-0938 web@mst.edu Policies Privacy