___
Skip to Main Content
 

FDIC-Insured - Backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government

Personal Business Commercial Platinum
Log In 
Español
 
Help
 
Branch/ATM
 
Search
 
Menu
Get rewarded with up to a $200 bonus1.

EXCLUSIVE OFFER FOR YOU

Unlock a cash bonus when you open a new personal checking account and complete qualifying activities.1

Get Started

More Choices.
More Possibilities.

Explore products and services designed to help you reach your goals.

Checking
	
Mortgages
	
Lines of Credit/
Personal Loans
	
Credit Cards
Financial Education Center
	
Savings & CDs
	
Investments & Insurance
	
Digital Banking
Simple, encrypted and always in your pocket2

M&T MOBILE BANKING

Send & receive money

Deposit checks on the go

Available on Android and iOS

Monitor your spending habits

Mobile Banking

Holiday shopping is here

THE SPOTLIGHT SHOP

Shop small this season and find the perfect gift for everyone on your list.

Shop the Guide
What can we help you with today?

HELP CENTER

Search term
Search

BANKING WITH M&T

"Small business is the heartbeat of a community. M&T Bank is definitely committed to independent businesses. They really worked with us from the beginning. They are just as committed to our business as we are."

LAURA AND DAVID ALIMA
OWNERS OF THE CHARMERY

Top 10 SBA Lender3

Top 5% of Banks4

Driven by our purpose

2024 SUSTAINABLITY REPORT

At M&T Bank, sustainability is integral to our mission of making a difference in people's lives and we recognize its importance in the well-being of our customers, employees, and communities we serve. This report reflects our commitment, highlighting our 2024 focus areas, and demonstrates areas of progress and opportunities. We hope you find the information insightful and welcome your feedback.

Read our report 
Reflecting our communities.

MULTICULTURAL BANKING

M&T is committed to the growth and sustainability of the businesses and neighborhoods we serve, working to understand the needs of our clients and colleagues across our organization so we can truly reflect our communities.

Learn More
Partnering for Change in the Communities We Serve

$67.4M

IN COMMUNITY IMPACT

4,006

NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS

245,895

EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEER HOURS

Source: 2024 Community Impact Report

Time is our most valuable asset.

VOLUNTEERING

When it comes to giving back, we prefer sharing our time with the people in our community. Our employees receive 40 hours of volunteer time to share with the organization that speaks to them.

Learn More
Mortgage Assistance Programs

We're here to help. Learn about the programs we offer to help you through your mortgage and home equity loan hardship. Learn More

Why Bank with M&T?

We understand what's important. That's why we've built a banking experience with you in mind. 

CONTACT US
1-800-724-2440
 
Locations & ATMs
 
Make an Appointment
 
More ways to reach us
ABOUT
About M&T
 
Careers
 
Investor Relations
 
Privacy & Preference Center
 
Security
   
Search
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIN

Equal Housing Lender. © M&T Bank. NMLS #381076. Member FDIC. All rights reserved. Not all products are available in all states.

Manage Cookies Sitemap Digital Services Agreement ESign Consent Terms of Use

Disclosures:

Disclosure reference d1342

To receive the bonus (“Bonus”) you must: open a new M&T EZChoice Checking, MyChoice Plus Checking or MyChoice Premium Checking account between 7/1/2025 and 09/30/2025 and the account must receive a total of at least $500 in qualifying direct deposits within 90 days of account opening. Qualifying direct deposits include recurring electronic deposits of payroll, pension or Social Security. Person-to-person, bank transfers or other electronic money transfers, such as those made through Internet payment services, do not qualify. Checking Bonus will be credited to the account within 90 days of the account receiving the required qualifying direct deposits, as long as the account is still open at the time we seek to credit the bonus, and all of the eligibility requirements are satisfied.

Bonus offers are not available to anyone that has received a cash bonus credited to a personal M&T checking account within the last 12 months (Refer Friends Program is excluded from this 12-month period), or employees of M&T Bank or any of its affiliates. Only the primary signer on the new checking account may be eligible for the Bonus(es). The promo code is required at account opening to qualify for the bonus. Your new personal M&T checking account must still be open when we seek to credit the bonus. Only one bonus will be awarded per customer, regardless of the number of accounts opened. A $50 early close-out fee applies if the account is closed within 180 days of opening. Bonus offers may vary by product and region, are not transferable.

link back to first instance of disclosure callout d1342
Disclosure reference d204

Use of these features and services requires Internet and/or data access through a computer or mobile device. Subject to availability and the same limitations as any service available through the Internet. M&T Bank is not responsible for matters that are outside of its reasonable control that might impact availability and functionality. M&T Bank reserves the right to suspend service for any reason at any time. Your mobile carrier's text messaging and data charges may apply. Fees may apply for optional services provided through M&T Online Banking. View the M&T Digital Services Agreement for additional details.

link back to first instance of disclosure callout d204
Disclosure reference d174

According to statistics released by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) for total approved loans through the SBA's 7(a) lending program during the federal fiscal year ending 9/30/2025.

link back to first instance of disclosure callout d174
Disclosure reference d1045

Source: Coalition Greenwich 2025 Commercial Banking Program. 

link back to first instance of disclosure callout d1045

Unless otherwise specified, all advertised offers and terms and conditions of accounts and services are subject to change at any time without notice. After an account is opened or service begins, it is subject to its features, conditions and terms, which are subject to change at any time in accordance with applicable laws and agreements. Please contact an M&T representative for details.

Visa® is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association.

Use of the M&T Custom Card design service is subject to program Terms and Conditions and Image Guidelines.