MTCaptcha: GDPR Compliant Enterprise Captcha Service. protects your websites from bot, human abuse and fraud Home Demo Features Pricing FAQ Developer Guide Sign In Try MTCaptcha Free Sign In Try MTCaptcha Free English German Español "Advanced Threat Defense" "Comprehensive Threat Shield" "Ultimate Spam Blocker" "Effortless Integration" "Multilingual Support" "Works in China" "Top-tier CAPTCHA Service" "100% GDPR Compliant" "Top-Tier Support" "Privacy-Compliant Captcha" "Great reCaptcha Alternative" MTCaptcha A Smart and Beautiful Way to Stop Bots MTCaptcha is More Than CAPTCHA, a smart captcha service that is GDPR, WCAG 2.1 AAA, EAA, and accessibility compliant, providing the ultimate confidence in privacy and inclusivity. Our Adaptive Invisible NoCAPTCHA ensures frictionless verification for real humans while being robust against bots. Enterprise dashboards allow multiple user accounts for analytics and metrics. See Demo Demo Demo Themes Accessibility Developers Modern Mini Invisible Captcha English Chinese Dutch French German Italian Spanish - Other - Standard Neowhite Blackmoon For more themes and css style customization, see MTCaptcha's Code Builder Modern Mini 's compact layout is perfect for low profile form integration. To learn more see our Developers Guide - Form Factors Yes, Invisible Captcha is completely invisible (for most users), to learn more see our Invisible Captcha FAQ  verifying...  verified successfully To experience MTCaptcha with screen readers Play video here , or try the keyboard shortcuts , and ? in the captcha input field to play audio captcha and refresh challenge. MTCaptcha is WCAG 2.1 AAA, EAA and accessiblity compliant. For more details and supported audio languages see MTCatpcha's Accessibility FAQ Enable Automated Test Mode: Test Mode Enabled, try entering '11111111' into the captcha text field to complete the captcha. For more details on how to enable Test Mode and automated UX unit testing, see our Developers Guide Demo Sign in username password [close video] Trusted By Enterprises Features MTCaptcha - Designed for the Enterprise MTCaptcha provides more than just a captcha; it includes features designed for enterprises, such as support for a multi-user management console, automated unit tests, server-side token decryption, and Threat SPECT. GDPR Compliant Captcha From startups to large enterprises, organizations rely on MTCaptcha for GDPR-compliant protection against spam and abuse on their websites and online platforms. With a strong focus on enterprise, user, and privacy concerns, MTCaptcha operates seamlessly and automatically, ensuring optimal user experience without compromising privacy. Adaptive Risk Engine Backed by an adaptive Risk Engine, the system continuously monitors and responds to the threats of the environment, making MTCaptcha easy on real humans and difficult for bots. Both low friction invisible captcha and classic variations are available to support diverse risk profiles and use cases. 24/7 Global Availability ‍ With a decentralized architecture and data centers situated around the world, leveraging global edge nodes and smart scaling, we insure availability 24/7, even under DDoS scenarios. For particular network conditions such as seen in China, custom monitoring, routing and servers are in place to guarantee consistent and stable coverage where ever the customers may be. Accessibility, WCAG, and EAA Compliance MTCaptcha is fully WCAG 2.1 AAA, EAA, Section 508, and EN 301 549 compliant. Designed for accessibility, it’s colorblind-safe and screen-reader friendly, ensuring everyone including users with visual or motor impairments can securely and intuitively complete CAPTCHA challenges. Customizable Themes ‍ And of course MTCaptcha is build to look great. With multiple preset themes and customizable styles, it will look smart and just right on your website. Comparison User Interface Themes  11 preset themes  2  preset themes Customizable CSS Styles  Localized Languages (i18n Supports)   Easy on Humans Invisible Captcha  Low Friction Captcha  NoCaptcha Captcha Adaptive Captcha Complexity   Proof of Work  Adaptive Proof of Work Compliance GDPR  Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AAA/EAA)  WCAG 2.1 AAA Enterprise Features Multi Region Datacenters  Works in China  Inconsistent in China Actionable Risk Profile  Threat SPECT Support (by Real People)  Multiple User Accounts  Automated Regression Test Support (eg Selenium)  Other Firewall ready , API less token validation , Captcha event Log Admin audit log Discover What Customers are Saying About MTCaptcha Discover How MTCaptcha is Used Across Enterprises, SMEs, and Non-profit Organizations According to G2 Reviewers Try MTCaptcha Free See Demo Affordable, effective captcha solution for respecting privacy law requirements ‍ "MTCaptcha provides a great alternative for captcha that adheres to current privacy laws that other captcha solutions do not.  Low-friction invisible captcha is available.  The solution is priced well, and different pricing options are available.  Their documentation and tools were well-designed and thorough, to make it easy for us to put together our solution for our rather complex sites, and to observe the solution at work once deployed.  What impressed us most was that their team was incredibly responsive with high-expertise assistance where needed." Bob H. Great product, great service ‍ "MTCaptcha is privacy compliant in the EU, other than many of their competitors.We as a startup received a lot of help from the team. We also got the possibility to check out the enterprise version for a limited time.Implementing MTCaptcha to any site was quite easy and worked well. We are more than satifsfied!" Christoph K. A superb alternative to all other captcha services ‍ "Ease of use and support.  Great to work with, very responsive.  Listens to customer needs and adapts.So far we haven't had many downsides.  A few minor (and I do mean minor) quirks, but they worked through most of them." Verified User Slick captcha service, good reCaptcha alternative ‍ "Works in China, GDPR compliant,  great support team, an informative dashboard to monitor. Multiple language support in Captcha" Verified User in Financial Services A Great Experience ‍ "The interface is super user-friendly and secure. This helps the database identify between real users and bots, this way it can provide real data to the companies." Armando S. GDPR Compliant Captcha for the Enterprise Try MTCaptcha Free    Demo Features Pricing FAQ Sign Up About Us Contact Us Blogs No CAPTCHA Solutions ReCaptcha Alternative Accessiblity Resources Code Builder Developer Guide Terms Captcha Privacy All Legals Copyright © 2025 Sun Spray Technologies LLC By clicking “Accept” , you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. Accept