Magic: The Gathering Arena Skip to main content Products Coming Soon Coming Soon Lorwyn Eclipsed Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles The Hobbit™ Marvel Super Heroes Secrets of Strixhaven Reality Fracture Star Trek Available Now Available Now Avatar: The Last Airbender Marvel’s Spider-Man Edge of Eternities Magic: The Gathering—FINAL FANTASY Tarkir: Dragonstorm Foundations Festival in a Box Secret Lair Drop Series Latest Products Card Set Archive MTG Arena Download Getting Started Mastery Pass Drop Rates Alchemy Draft MTG Arena News Play Magic Play Events Play Events Prerelease Magic Academy Standard Showdown Commander Party Store Championship Friday Night Magic MagicCon Pro Tour All Events Formats Formats Commander Standard Modern Pioneer Booster Draft Pick-Two Draft Sealed Deck All Formats Platforms Platforms Store Locator MTG Arena Magic Online Spelltable Wizards Accounts Support Support Player Support Store Support Club Support Military Support Learn Magic Resources Resources Where to Start How to Play Product Guide Keyword Glossary Banned & Restricted List Card Database Companion App SHOP News Read Read Latest News Announcements Behind The Scenes Making Magic MTG Arena News Card Previews Competitive Watch Watch Drive To Work Podcast WeeklyMTG Magic Story Podcast Story Story Latest Stories Story Archive Planes and Planeswalkers More More Wallpapers Locator Card Database Accounts SUPPORT Magic: The Gathering Arena Play the iconic card game on Mobile, PC, and Mac. Learn the basics, perfect your strategy, and compete against others online. See the latests card sets below. Download for free and enter the Arena. Magic: The Gathering | Avatar: The Last Airbender Take your own life-changing field trip with Zuko, collect Avatar character cards, and find the Avatar (and your honor) for yourself. Create a powerful deck that will be strong when the world needs it most. Bend the elements. Master the game. EDGE OF ETERNITIES Enter an interstellar story in Magic's first space-opera set. Beyond the known horizon of Magic lies bold new characters, a galaxy-spanning conflict, and cards that harness the power of a dying star. Welcome, space travelers, to Edge of Eternities! Bloomburrow A fantastical woodland world awaits! Discover your inner folk hero with new kindred spells, powerful synergies and new animal folk mechanics like offspring, gift, and special villager classes. Bloomburrow’s small-scale world of larger-than-life adventure is awaiting you on MTG Arena! Magic: The Gathering Foundations Your favorite legends and Planeswalkers are here with quintessential Magic from across the Multiverse. This set was made for past, present, and future Magic players, featuring products for players fresh or famous and filled with cards legal in Standard, at least until 2029! ©2025 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Nickelodeon, Avatar: The Last Airbender and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc. How does MTG Arena work? MTG Arena follows the same rules as the tabletop card game. Players use decks of cards that generate five colors of mana, and play cards that consume mana to call for creatures, cast defensive and offensive spells, and activate effects or unique abilities. Complete the tutorial, build your profile and start playing MTG Arena ! Pick A Play Mode Customize Your Profile Choose Your Deck Pick A Play Mode Customize Your Profile Choose Your Deck STANDARD FORMAT Perfect for new players, this will get you familiar with a format used at events of all levels. Standard is a dynamic format where you build decks and play using cards in your collection from recently released Magic sets. ALCHEMY Alchemy is a new play mode featuring new-to-digital Magic cards designed specifically for digital play. Expect regular changes to the format to create a dynamic play experience in-between Standard set releases. HISTORIC Ranging from casual to competitive, Historic is a Magic format built to allow you to use cards that are no longer legal in Standard after rotation. This format is exclusive to MTG Arena . Brawl An exciting deck-brewing challenge, Brawl is most similar to Commander. In this format, you'll build a Commander-style deck around a legendary creature or Planeswalker and play 1v1 games on MTG Arena . TIMELESS Timeless is MTG Arena’s largest Constructed format where every card is legal. Make a deck with the most powerful cards throughout Magic history. This format is perfect for veteran players who want to experiment with unique combinations or revisit sets from Magic's past. Choose Your Avatar Swap Your Card Sleeves ADD A COMPANION Customize Your Emotes Choose Your Avatar It's your game! Customize your play with your favorite avatar! Start with 12 options and gain additional avatars through events and with the in-game store. Swap Your Card Sleeves Set the tone with card sleeves to show off your style. Artwork ranges from Planeswalkers to creatures to exclusive event art! ADD A COMPANION Bring your personality to the battlefield with pets! Choose the perfect pet to strike fear in your enemies (or to just look cute). Pets are available for purchase in the MTG Arena Store. Customize Your Emotes Want to say something with some emote magic? Change around your settings to use character emotes from your favorite set! Choose Your Deck Pick a play style and then select your deck! In MTG Arena you'll begin with a variety of starter decks. As you play you'll gain wildcards to redeem and earn boosters to expand your collection! In this section you can easily build, upload, and edit your decks. When choosing your play format, you'll only see decks that are legal in that format. Learn the basics, perfect your strategy, and compete against others online. Download for free and enter the Arena. A strategy game unlike any other The TCG experience, now available as a CCG video game on your phone and PC Collect, build and master your unique deck Show off your personality by unlocking avatars, card sleeves, and companions One shared account. Take MTG with you when you’re AFK New to Magic? No Problem Complete the tutorial to learn the basics Unlock 14 unique starter decks through the Color Challenge Compete against other newcomers in Starter Deck Duels Define your own strategy and build a deck Rise The Ranks Compete against others in ranked PVP games Join in-game tournaments for exciting prizes Earn daily rewards to build your collection Join events including Drafts, Midweek Magic, and Jump In! FANTASY AND MAGIC AWAIT Compete against others in ranked PVP games Join in-game tournaments for exciting prizes Earn daily rewards to build your collection Join events including Drafts, Midweek Magic, and Jump In! CODES, STATS, AND NEWS Sign up for the latest news and stay in the loop on redeemable codes delivered straight to your inbox. Active players get their statistics at the end of every set cycle! Mail GET YOUR STATS Yes! Wizards may send me promotional email and offers about Wizards’ events, games and services. By signing up to receive our promotional emails, you have read and acknowledge our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions . MTG Arena News MTG Arena Ranked Season Details Play ranked MTG Arena events to earn prizes, card styles, and build your rank toward an invitation to the Qualifier Weekend event. Wizards of the Coast MTG Arena Ranked Season Details MTG Arena Announcements – December 15, 2025 Catch up with the latest info and events on MTG Arena . John Schork MTG Arena Announcements – December 15, 2025 Brawl: Our Plans We're bringing the competitive spirit to Brawl with a new all-access event. Read more about our plans for the Brawl format. Jay Parker Brawl: Our Plans Load More New to MTG Arena? Learn the basics and start unlocking powerful cards and decks right away. Play Free Join Our Community Twitter The Latest News  #MTGARENA Facebook Join Our Community YouTube Watch Our Latest Content Twitch Live Video Coverage On TWITCH.TV/MAGIC Discord Talk With The Community Instagram Follow Us Tiktok Content For You Threads Get In The Conversation Magic: The Gathering Footer Find a store Find a store Social Find Articles Club Support Digital Books Formats Rules Military Support Company About Accounts Careers Support Wizards Play Network Affiliate Program Disclosure Magic Magic: The Gathering MTG Arena Magic.gg Store & Events Locator Card Database Secret Lair SpellTable Brands Dungeons & Dragons Duel Masters Magic: The Gathering Terms Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Customer Support Fan Content Policy DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Your Privacy Choices 简体中文 繁體中文 Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português (Brasil) Русский Español English © 1993-2026 Wizards of the Coast LLC, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc. All Rights Reserved.