Mount Holyoke College | Mount Holyoke College Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main menu Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Prospective employees Apply Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Admission & Financial Aid Undergraduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Forged in dissent: Raise your voice for MHC Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Open the search panel Search Mount Holyoke College MHC is a 2026 Best College USN&WR ranks MHC No. 29 among national liberal arts colleges Mount Holyoke places highly on multiple lists Lead with curiosity Discover your purpose Build a lasting community Engage with the world Lead with curiosity Wherever new ideas, important causes and bold action meet, you will find Mount Holyoke students. With keen curiosity and a collaborative spirit, we always seek a better way — from the classroom, laboratory and art studio to the leading edge of industry, innovation and impact. And we use what we’ve learned to make positive, lasting change for ourselves and our communities. Because at Mount Holyoke, we’re inspired to envision and build a better world — together. Why Mount Holyoke? Let's build a better world. Together. Let's build a better world. Together. 80% advanced degrees and career outcomes Within 10 years, nearly 80% of our graduates pursue an advanced degree at a top-level institution. Mount Holyoke alums across the decades pursue rewarding careers in fields ranging from medicine, law and business to communications, finance and consulting. Discover your purpose Here, you will be challenged. To follow your interests and forge your own academic pathway. To think critically, communicate clearly and grow intellectually. To break through barriers and engage across disciplines. To work closely with award-winning faculty — researching, discussing and advancing whole fields of knowledge. And when it’s time to take the next step, you’ll have the resources and support you need to begin your career and make a difference right away. What will you discover? Build a lasting community At Mount Holyoke, we are ourselves, together. We champion every individual for who they are, while coming together as a unified community. We collaborate, we cooperate and we always celebrate each other’s successes. The bonds we build and the friendships we forge at Mount Holyoke last a lifetime — opening opportunities and amplifying the impact we make in the world. Alums leading the way The alum network will be with you for life. 39K alums Alums of women’s colleges arguably constitute the most influential professional women’s networks on the globe. Engage with the world Pass through our Gates and you’ll enter an energizing campus filled with beautiful spaces and beloved traditions that foster lifelong connections. Students come from across the globe to build a welcoming, diverse and inclusive community that’s always evolving and expanding. And with a strong network of schools throughout the region and around the world, you’ll have access to incredible opportunities for international learning. Join our global community. Join our global community. 150 study abroad opportunities Programs that give you a powerful personal and intellectual experience MHC Forward: the strategic plan for Mount Holyoke College This far-reaching plan, which will take us through the next decade, has been shaped by the vision of students, staff, faculty, alums, trustees and friends. MHC Forward builds on more than 180 years of tradition to guide our next trailblazing chapter. MHC Forward will magnify Mount Holyoke’s position as the leading gender-diverse women’s college. We will continue to advance innovation, research and an inclusive liberal arts education. Explore the elements of the strategic plan Academics Excellence Programs and degrees At Mount Holyoke, a liberal arts education isn’t just about knowledge across diverse disciplines. It’s a way of intentionally connecting people, ideas and solutions to make the world work better. Here, we see the world through a different lens to discover new pathways and find new answers. Through an exploration of the arts, sciences, languages and humanities, we create an understanding of ourselves, our peers and the world around us. Find Your Program Undergraduate Whether your focus is STEM, social sciences, or the arts and humanities, you’ll study with award-winning professors in small classes as you pursue your personalized pathway to an undergraduate degree. Undergraduate Programs The Application Process Students discuss opportunities to get involved with faculty research Students discuss opportunities to get involved with faculty research 9:1 student / faculty ratio Graduate and professional To develop the next generation of groundbreaking educators, Mount Holyoke offers Master of Arts in Teaching programs as well as professional development opportunities. Co-ed programs Graduate Programs Professional and non-degree programs Hear from some of our recent graduate students about the flexibility of our graduate programs. Hear from some of our recent graduate students about the flexibility of our graduate programs. 100+ classes across 3 graduate programs and 10 professional development institutes The Mount Holyoke Experience Why Mount Holyoke? Here, our diverse and inclusive environment empowers you to build bonds and break through barriers like nowhere else. Learn more We are Mount Holyoke Meet some of the incredible people who call our community home. Why a Women's College? Hear from our students why they chose a women’s college that is gender-diverse. Alum network Our alums, who form a large network around the world, share their time, insights and connections. Campus Voices What stories will you tell? Activism and Social Justice BOOM! Right up my alley Mount Holyoke College first-year student Ana Susskind ’28 discusses their excitement and the things they hope to learn during their first Building on our Momentum (BOOM!) Learning Symposium. Ana Susskind ’28 they/them Athletics A path from psychology to coaching Mount Holyoke College senior Rachel Katzenberg ’25 said, “At Mount Holyoke, I 100% found a good community … a large community that wants to help me and see me succeed.” Rachel Katzenberg ’25 she/her Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. From psychology to AI: finding the human in digital trust Yurim Oh ’26 she/her Four generations of green griffins Lucie Gosson-Roy ’29 she/her From the Botanic Garden to Costa Rica Bridget McBride ’26 she/they Explore Stories Get to know us For over 180 years, Mount Holyoke has been an extraordinary, collaborative community of people opening new pathways of discovery and forging deep connections with each other. Fast Facts 200+ Distinguished faculty 100% of our classes are taught by faculty. Mount Holyoke professors have won Pulitzer and Guggenheim awards, NASA grants and Carnegie Fellowships. 40+ Departmental and interdepartmental majors Psychology, biology and English are among the top five. Our newest and fastest growing major? Data science. 20% International student population With over 80 countries represented, Mount Holyoke has the most globally diverse students of any liberal arts college in the U.S. This diversity provides a uniquely powerful context for global learning in the residence halls, classes and campus life. $1.5M Lynk internship funding We ensure every student has access to a paid internship. In 2024 the College awarded over $1,500,000 in internship funding to 358 students. 130+ Student-run clubs and organizations There’s something for everyone, from student organizations to student government, class boards and club sports! Traditions and annual events From Convocation to milk and cookies and the Laurel Parade, traditions and annual events bring the community closer together and create memorable moments to last a lifetime. Happening at Mount Holyoke Campus news Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. Celebrating the “grace and grit” of Nita M. Lowey ’59 Mount Holyoke College celebrated the life and legacy of alum Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey ’59, the first woman to chair the powerful House Appropriations Committee. Alum Faculty Giving Internships and Career Preparation Public Service Scholarships/Financial Aid Staff Student Women’s College Mount Holyoke students tackle the AWS Case Competition Mount Holyoke students dove into the future, applying interdisciplinary skills to technology innovation by designing ethical AI solutions for real-world issues in the College’s first-ever AWS Generative AI Case Competition. Academic Excellence Internships and Career Preparation MHC Forward Science & Technology Speakers Women’s College Shoshana Walter ’07 exposes “Rehab” issues Alum Shoshana Walter ’07, an investigative journalist, credits her Mount Holyoke education with fueling her drive to expose injustice. Her book “Rehab: An American Scandal” details how a flawed treatment system fails those battling addiction. Alum Faculty Humanities Explore all News Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission & Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Visit Mount Holyoke Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Youtube TikTok Non-Discrimination Statement Mount Holyoke College is a women’s college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2025 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Community Reporting