Marquette University // Be The Difference Academics Admissions Tuition & Financial Aid Campus Life Apply / Visit / Give Search Menu close Menu Apply Visit Give SEARCH MARQUETTE Search: search button Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Graduate Business Programs Majors Libraries Colleges/Schools Student Success Study Abroad Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Graduate Business Admissions Law Dentistry Apply Tuition & Financial Aid Undergraduate Scholarships Graduate/Professional Scholarships Apply for Aid Value of Marquette Marquette Central Campus Life Visit Marquette University Safety Residence Life Student Affairs Mission and Ministry Athletics About Our Mission Our History Catholic and Jesuit RANKINGS/RECOGNITIONS University Leadership Marquette Today Careers Alumni Research Research and Innovation Research and Sponsored Programs Faculty Research Marquette A to Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z facebook instagram x-twitter linkedin youtube tiktok threads Arrive with the will. Leave with a way. Take your first step Apply today Plan a visit Discover our difference We're here to help Explore your purpose. Become your potential. We’re a Catholic, Jesuit university in the heart of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that prepares our students with the knowledge, skills and sense of community they need to build meaningful careers, lead purposeful lives and transform the world around them. We're highly rated. Top 20% Best national universities U.S. News & World Report #6 Nationally for job placement Zippia.com, based on U.S. Department of Education data Best Value Top 60 U.S. News & World Report Be a part of something greater. Students don’t just come to Marquette for a degree. They come here to build lifelong connections and find a community of kindred spirits focused on the greater good. They leave ready to Be The Difference in their own extraordinary ways. Undergraduate application If you’re a first-year or transfer student, learn more about Marquette’s undergraduate admissions. Or if you’re ready to apply, start your application process below. Apply to Marquette Graduate School application Explore more than 90 Marquette graduate program opportunities and start your application process below. Apply to Graduate School Graduate School of Management application Discover Marquette’s graduate business programs and start your application process below. Apply to GSM Law School application Learn more about Marquette University Law School and start your application process below. Apply to Marquette Law School Health Sciences Professional applications Learn more about Marquette’s Health Sciences Professional programs and start your application process below. Apply to Health Sciences Professional Programs School of Dentistry application Interested in dental school? Explore Marquette University’s School of Dentistry and start your application below. Apply to Marquette School of dentistry We make connections that count. We are Marquette.* 8,000+ undergraduates 115,000+ alumni around the world 3,700+ graduate and professional students 1,772 first-generation undergraduate students * This is who we are. See what we do, every day at Marquette Today . You'll stand out with a Marquette degree. 96% of graduates with full-time employment consider their job to be related to their career goals Undergraduate First Destination Survey 2024 96% of our alumni are employed full time 10 years after graduation Zippia.com/U.S. Department of Education data 96% of graduating seniors reported satisfaction with their undergraduate Marquette University education Graduating Senior Survey 2025 Live large. Live well. Curious what campus life at Marquette is all about? Expect to have the time of your life! Research, scholarships and innovation. People across the globe are facing big challenges, and we need all available brains and bodies on board to solve them. So at Marquette, we have multiple opportunities to generate ideas, foster innovation and research critical questions. More ideas mean more solutions.* 1 in 4 Undergraduates participate in faculty research #48 Most Innovative Schools U.S. News & World Report $49.1M+ Research and development expenditures FY24 *Read about our research impact at Marquette Today . We take you into the community. Because being the difference begins at home. Ranked No. 1 in community service The Princeton Review ranked Marquette University in its list of best colleges for 2026, including a No. 1 ranking for engagement in community service for the second year in a row. Get the story MU and Milwaukee. Together since 1881. Our central location just over a mile from Lake Michigan gives you the ideal spot to discover Milwaukee, our hometown. You’ll find world-class sports, dining, concerts, festivals, shopping, art and theatre — all within walking distance. And with an extensive number of nonprofits, organizations and companies in every industry, including several Fortune 500 headquarters, Milwaukee boasts an abundance of job and internship opportunities. Come for a visit. Stay for The Difference . Take your first step APPLY TODAY PLAN A VISIT DISCOVER OUR DIFFERENCE WE'RE HERE TO HELP There's only one way to get here. Plan a visit Here to help Problem with this webpage? Report an accessibility problem . To report another problem, please contact webrequests@marquette.edu . Search search button facebook instagram x-twitter linkedin youtube tiktok threads Marquette University 1250 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, WI 53233 (800) 222-6544 Contact Us Key resources español Careers Campus Map Campus Contacts Marquette Email CheckMarq D2L MyJob Admissions About Libraries Research Athletics Alumni University Safety Catholic, Jesuit Identity Marquette A to Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Non-Discrimination Policy Accessible Technology © 2025 Marquette University ©