The Internet-Scale Blockchain | MultiversX Individuals Support See official channels Get and stake EGLD Limited supply. Unlimited potential. Get EGLD Get Started Blockchain to the power of X The EGLD Token eGold is the currency of MultiversX On-chain 2FA Easy to setup, impossible to break, unique to MultiversX Staking Secure the network and earn rewards Sustainability Towards a more responsible and sustainable infrastructure Builders Become a Validator Documentation Developer Discord Builders Hub Discover all MultiversX has to offer and take the first step today Build a dApp in 30 minutes Create your first MultiversX dApp Tutorials NEW Your journey starts here Tools & Resources Curated library of developer resources Releases Here’s a feed to help you catch up with our latest releases Tech Roadmap Provides a regularly updated high-level overview Sovereign Chains Ecosystem Partner Program Discover exciting opportunities Become a Partner Discover Explore projects and partners from the MultiversX ecosystem Grants NEW Join the MultiversX Growth Games grants program Projects A new dimension of utility built and launched on MultiversX Partners Seamlessly connect with leading platforms and protocols Validators Help secure the network and earn rewards Service Providers Bring your business to the MultiversX network Community Connect See official channels Events Calendar Meet us at events across the world Governance A new dimension of utility built and launched on MultiversX Ambassador Program NEW Seamlessly connect with leading platforms and protocols FAQ The answers to the questions you most seek Blog Latest posts on ecosystem, research, technology, and more About From Elrond to MultiversX The story of our transformation from Elrond to MultiversX Media Kit Latest media appearances, access to your official media kit Careers Join one of the most resourceful tech companies in the world Get EGLD New join the Growth Games Grants Program AI Agents welcome 🔥 The Internet-Scale Blockchain MultiversX, the EGLD network, is a distributed blockchain network for next-gen applications. Decentralized via 3,000+ nodes, scalable through sharding, fast, secure & green. Start building Get EGLD Foundry Sessions Average Cost per Transaction ~$0 .00 2 Total Transactions 434,785,336 Validator Nodes 3,200 Total Onchain Active Addresses 9.14 M Integrations and tools from leading companies around the globe Builders Let's make this decision easy for you MultiversX provides the infrastructure you need to tackle any use case. Native Assets Safest User Experience 30% Developer Royalties Developers get 30% of the gas fee every time someone calls their smart contract Adaptive  State Sharding The first to present a viable solution where all three aspects of sharding are live Secure Proof of Stake Energy-efficient consensus mechanism with provable security guarantees WASM-Based Virtual Machine Write smart contracts in familiar languages, compile, and run them through the fastest VM in the space Resilient and Battle-Tested Fast 263,000 transactions per second max recorded Live Sovereign Chains Decentralized 3,200+ validator nodes Featured Partners View All Ramp Empower users to buy & sell crypto inside your app CloudHero Scale Up with a Secure and Stable Infrastructure Kraken Kraken is the easy, safe and secure way to buy crypto such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin and more Chaiabuse Report malicious crypto activity  Report your case, maximise your chances of recovery while making web3 safer for all. WazirX WazirX is India's most trusted Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange & trading platform. AscendEX Launched in 2018, AscendEX is a full-stack cryptocurrency financial platform built by Wall Street investors Chainge Finance One marketplace. All crypto. OKX Buy BTC, ETH, XRP and more on OKX, a leading crypto exchange – explore Web3, invest in DeFi and NFTs. OneMint NFT Platform to Generate, Deploy, and Mint your NFT Collection Coinspot Buy, Sell & Swap Cryptocurrency The easiest way to buy Bitcoin (BTC) and a whole world of other digital currencies. The EGLD Token Secured by EGLD The native eGold token enables access and usage, provides security, reinforces growth, and ensures economic alignment for all stakeholders. Get EGLD What is EGLD? Discover our ecosystem Explore projects and partners from all around the world who chose to build using MultiversX technology. Explore the Ecosystem 123 Projects A new dimension of utility built and launched on MultiversX. 96 Partners Connected with leading platforms and protocols. 75 Validators Secure the network and earn rewards. 31 Service Providers Link your business with the MultiversX network. Future-Proof in Every Way MultiversX is leading the way towards a more responsible and sustainable infrastructure for all digital things. Learn about Sustainability 2,6k xDay 2023 attendees 2,6k xDay 2023 attendees 39k On Discord and Telegram 1k+ participants in the xDay 2023 hackathon 39k On Discord and Telegram 1k+ participants in the xDay 2023 hackathon Alone, we can do so little, together, we can move mountains. Latest News View All Ecosystem Dec 19, 2025 Bringing Real Estate Onchain: An Interview with Adel Louarrani & Adrien Vandenbossche, Shelters.finance Co-Founders Technical Dec 16, 2025 Build Wars: Shaping the Next Application Layer on MultiversX Ecosystem Nov 4, 2025 Battle of Nodes: Registration is Open Ecosystem Nov 4, 2025 Battle of Nodes: A New Dawn Community Nov 3, 2025 The Village that Put Democracy Onchain Use Cases Oct 23, 2025 Preserving Heritage, Building Trust: An Interview with Dr. Adrian-Victor Vevera, General Director of ICI Bucharest Economics Oct 22, 2025 The MultiversX Economic Evolution: A blueprint for growth and strategic expansion Community Oct 11, 2025 Shaping the Future of Blockchain Education: MultiversX Labs Partners with Blockchain School Ecosystem Sep 18, 2025 The Economy of Wellness: How Emorya Turns Daily Activity Into Digital Value Ecosystem Sep 15, 2025 MultiversX and the Future of xMoney Stay in-the-know and never miss an update Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. We're committed to your privacy. MultiversX uses the information you provide to us to contact you about MultiversX content and events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our Privacy Policy. Official Channels Individuals Get Started The EGLD Token On-chain 2FA Staking Sustainability Builders Builders Hub Build a dApp in 30 minutes Tutorials NEW Tools & Resources Hackathons Releases Tech Roadmap Documentation Become a Validator Ecosystem Discover Grants NEW Projects Partners Validators Service Providers Community Events Calendar Full Shard Podcast Governance Ambassadors Program NEW FAQ Blog Resources Whitepaper Economics Paper Token Metrics State of the Foundation Report About From Elrond to MultiversX Media Kit Careers Legal Disclaimer Responsible Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2023 MultiversX. All rights reserved