Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Active discussions
Talk
Pregnancy & baby
Parenting
Swears By
Holidays
Lifestyle
More
Sign up

The Other Phone is here Safe. Simple. Made for kids.

Find out more
Featured
Trending
Shopping
Active
For You
Following
Adult dd undermining me again
Moresittingaround
Parents of adult children

DD (22) back from Uni and living with us, working full time. Things have been ok, she doesn't have any local friends so hangs out with us mostly - but recently I've noticed she has started to try to exert control over what happens in the house and again. It's small things, decisions I make that she argues with - things that don't really concern her, eye rolls, laughing at what I'm doing or saying, like I'm stupid. She's done this before I probably should have acted sooner back then but I didn't want her to feel unwelcome but eventually it all got too much and I called her out on it - told her she either changed her ways or moved out because I wasn't going to put up with the snide little underhand comments, eye rolls and laughing at me. She was very apologetic and upset (she like to see herself as perfect) and it all stopped immediately.
I'm annoyed that it has all started again, I spoke to her before Christmas about her behaviour but it hasn't stopped - it feels like i'm being treated like an imbecile.

50
Today 23:36
to be pissed off that my MIL is annoyed that my 15mo can talk?
Vote
Spottedmirror
AIBU?

My 15mo is becoming a chatty little thing. Lots of new words by the day and happily starting to sing the odd word on a song “quick, quick, quick” in Polly had a Dolly or “inkle!” in Twinkle Twinkle, that kind of thing.

LO is our PFB after over a decade of trying so we are VERY proud, but I’m very careful not to be too overbearing (I know how wearing that is on other people) whilst still remaining encouraging. Lots of “yes that’s right shoes” when she points at shoes and whatever else - surely just normal parenting?
(and if anything I think I consciously keep my voice down when parenting outside our home because I’m always so aware that I might hurt someone who wants a baby but isn’t where we are now).

SIL is coming back from Australia for an extended stay. We have yet to meet her little one who is 3 (due to being mid-miscarriage when they were last here). Her 3yo is a very active and happy child by all accounts but as yet doesn’t speak.

MIL is very annoyed that my LO can speak and is picking things up rapidly. Each time we FaceTime she is outright annoyed that my child is chatting away with us.
She sighs, rolls her eyes and says things like “she doesn’t stop talking!” and makes snide remarks like “maybe Mummy talks too much!” or “mummy should turn your pram round so you two aren’t always chatting!”

On Boxing Day via FaceTime she hinted that when we visit her house and DIL is there, we should try not to encourage our child to talk.
She was insinuating that our 15 month old was showing off.

I understand that BIL and DIL are possibly concerned about potential issues but that shouldn’t be taken out on our small child.

I was a bit shocked last night by the hints on the phone call and I was working last night so I’ve stewed over it a bit.
Surely I’m not unreasonable feel pissed off by this?

EDIT: should add if I wasn’t out the door to work as the call was happening, I’d have probably told her to repeat what she had said.

263
Today 07:45
Family holidays wrapped: we reveal the kid-friendly resorts that Mumsnetters loved and booked in 2025
.
Created by TUI
What have your kids learned from caring for your family pet?
.

Created with Animal Friends

Monsoon’s kids’ Christmas pyjamas to add an extra bit of magic to December
.
Created by Monsoon
Step into Hamleys’ Jingle Town Fair, where Christmas magic comes to life
.
Created by Hamleys
Win a Fraupow Viva Pro breastfeeding bundle worth £250
.
Created by Fraupow
Eczema in children, a guide for parents
.
Created by Eucerin
Experts explain how to protect your child from winter bugs this season
.
Created by Sambucol
Win a family gaming bundle from Outright Games worth over £200
.
Created by Bandai Namco
When a cough isn’t just a cough: a parent’s guide to winter illnesses
.
Created by Broncho Junior
Today I returned my husband's christmas gift-how would you feel?
SootySweepAndSueToo
Chat

I need some perspective in this situation as I'm feeling quite emotional.

This christmas i bought my husband of 13 years a watch. Background: he loves watches, always looking at them online, when we go shopping we always have to stop and look in watch shops, he picks out ones he likes best. He's been having a rough time with work and car issues (nothing financial related and we're not struggiing thankfully) so I bought him a watch he'd picked out, I thought he deserved something nice to cheer him up. It's not super expensive but is a nice make.

On opening it, he saw the box and said "oh no". Throughout christmas day he kept saying he wouldn't wear it, he already has a watch, he doesn't like the leather straps etc. This carried on into boxing day when feeling a little upset I told him not to worry I'd return it which he agreed to. He even went to his parents to print off the return form, which I filled in, packaged it all up to take to the post office today. Today he states he didn't mean to upset me but wants to keep the watch however won't wear it. I've told him no, it's being returned he doesn't get to keep it just because he knows he's upset me.

I am upset but need some perspective, am I being too emotional about this? Was it a bad gift? How would you feel? Or do I need to get a grip?

145
Today 19:17
Supermarket carpark rage
Vote
Cotswoldmum70
AIBU?

Just popped to my local Waitrose to restock on the Belgian biscuits (half price!). As I drove in I spotted a nice convenient parking space outside the front of the store and pulled in, only vaguely aware of a vehicle approaching from my right. As I pulled in to park, the driver of the car, a 60 something blonde, started gesticulating and waving out of her window. I got out, saw that the car park was half empty so load of spaces for her. As I walked into the shop she shouted that I was a selfish bitch and worse!! In the store I saw her in the aisle and mentioned that I didn’t appreciate being sworn at by a total stranger. She repeated that I was a selfish bitch and threatened to punch me. At that point I realised I was on to a loser and went home. She’d left a note on my windscreen for good measure, again calling me a selfish bitch. I actually think she would have punched me if I hadn’t walked away. 2 questions - am I a selfish bitch? Genuinely didn’t see her and car park was half empty. Should I have reported her to the store manager or are threats of violence a factor of modern life that we all have to accept?

130
Today 23:43
Latest
Show more
What your VPN can (and can’t) do for family streaming
Created by Proton
Kids' gadgets and tech
Branded
Step into Hamleys’ Jingle Town Fair, where Christmas magic comes to life
Created by Hamleys
Christmas
Branded
Boden’s cosiest knits and winter warmers for 2025
Created by Boden
Style and beauty
Christmas
Festive dressing, the Boden way: sequins, velvet and something you can actually dance in
Created by Boden
Style and beauty
Branded
What children wish we understood about their online lives
Created by Other
News
Kids' gadgets and tech
Gutted. Amandaland
Shouldbeworkingnotreadingtalk
Telly addicts

Am I the only person to feel totally gutted / disappointed / sad … at Amandaland Christmas special ? … I LOVE all the motherland and ALand episodes and this was just awful. Or is that just me?

262
Today 23:26
To think its a bit shit that our posts end up on FB
Vote
gardenbouche
AIBU?

Not sure I am happy about that tbh

43
Today 23:43
Join the conversation

Start a new discussion and get support from the Mumsnet community

Start a new thread
Why am I shaped like a rectangle and how should I dress? Pics included
LilyFeather
Style and beauty

It’s dawned on me that I don’t have a curvy figure and am actually like a square box. Is it possible to have a big ribcage or something? I can never find a bra to fit me

Im 5 foot 2 and a half, weigh 9 stone 8 and am a size 10. But I always look so dumpy in photos - see proof - and wondered if anyone had any styling tips for my specific body type ? Thanks!

112
Today 23:37
Anyone else lamenting not quite get their child's presents right this year?
Kayoh
Christmas

I misjudged my 6 year old daughter's Christmas presents. She didn't ask for much, just a Squishmallow. I don't have a huge budget. She got that, plus books, yoto cards, a board game, a Rainbow lab, a Lego set and some crafty bits including a nice painting set.

After the initial excitement I could tell she was a bit flat and going to bed she told me she preferred the presents Santa brought last year. On further questioning next day I realised I missed out imaginative play presents and she'd actually wanted something like Sylvanian families, Barbies, or some kind of doll. I hadn't bought any of this on the basis she already a Barbie camper and some dolls plus various play sets like a Frozen one, all of which she admittedly plays with a lot. So a bit stupid of me in hindsight.

I feel pretty bad as despite how it may sound she's quite a thoughtful child, not generally bratty or spoilt at all.

Long story short I ended up telling her that my Christmas present to her was some money to spend on what she wanted and we went out and she chose some small dolls, which she has not stopped playing with in the 2 days since and has told everyone it's her favourite present. So I feel I've righted it although still a bit sad that Christmas Day wasn't quite what it might have been and that I kind of messed up.

Anyone else wish they'd done it slightly differently?

5
Today 20:49
Gifting
Show more
Monsoon’s kids’ Christmas pyjamas to add an extra bit of magic to December
Created by Monsoon
Christmas
Style and beauty
First look: OK! Beauty Box is back for 2025 with another beauty Advent calendar
Created by OK! Beauty Box
Christmas
Reviews
Best family board games 2025: played, reviewed and loved by real families
Child play
Swears By
This year's must-have Christmas toys 🎄
Christmas
Child play
When did it become common to wear evening dress for weddings?
CoastalGrey
Style and beauty

Looking at the pics of Gordon Ramsay’s daughter’s wedding and there seems to be much less traditional wedding wear and more evening dress/black tie. I didn’t think that was usually a thing for daytime weddings - is it common among real people or just celebs?

I’ve got 2 weddings next year and while I’m not a pastel coat dress/pashmina/fasinator type of person I wouldn’t pull off a slinky satin number either!

92
Today 23:39
Confronting STBX tomorrow about the OW.
PeeledOranges
Relationships

I've a thread somewhere about how I discovered my partner of 5 years has been seeing another woman.
After I recovered from the shock I've done lots of snooping and have a catalogue of evidence of what's he's been up to. It makes horrible reading tbh. An 18 month affair plus various dating profiles and many sexting conversations. Also a penchant for being called Daddy by women half his age while he talks about spanking them.
There has been much to digest!

Stbx has been away all weekend with his mates so he told me. He's actually holed up in a cottage with the OW. Obviously he doesn't know that I know all this. He sent me a photo of him and his mates from 2 years ago trying to pretend this was them last night.

I need to confront him on his return tomorrow evening. I've waited til Christmas is done because of my DC.

I guess I need a small handhold. I'm scared, I don't feel I know this man at all now. I've got two friends who I've told everything so I'm not completely alone. One friend said I should message him while he's away and spoil his weekend. I'm unsure about this. I don't really know how to begin the conversation when he comes back.

I hate him and want to claw his eyes out. (I won't). I have my ducks in a row as much as I can.
I'm shaking thinking about it.

190
Today 23:43
A ‘what will you do differently next year’ thread
OMGitsnotgood
Christmas

I’ve been hosting Christmas for almost 40 years so generally have it pretty well sorted, but there is always something to imporove on.
This year I had a pretty hectic December for a combination of reasons, some of it unexpected. I did still manage most things but ended up doing a lot of cleaning on Christmas Eve Eve and Christmas Eve, when I’d much rather have just had food prep to focus on them put my feet up enjoying a Baileys.

Next year I am going so make sure I do a deep clean early in December and keep on top of it.

160
Today 23:15
If your Christmas gifts from DH upset you, would you say something or not?
Moreshowergel
Relationships

We opened the gifts in a big family group as we had lots of family over.
He got me 4 lots of shower gel. 2 were basically the same. One did come in a box with a tiny scented candle. It just felt like he went to the l'occitane shop, scooped some shower gel off the shelves and thought "job done". I do like their shower gel but I actually have several in the bathroom already.

I guess I took lots of time choosing his gifts and it's just made me feel a bit of an afterthought

We've been together 10 years. I know he was busy in the runup.

He's asked me why I am quiet and I feel like it's unfair and petty to say something but equally it has left me feeling a bit shit and maybe its better to say ?

31
Today 23:44
Family holidays and deals
Show more
Best UK holiday parks for family fun
UK travel
Holidays
Best Canary Islands for families: where to book for your next family holiday
Europe travel
Holidays
Best Neilson Beach Clubs: activity holidays in Europe that Mumsnetters love
Europe travel
Holidays
Popular on Mumsnet Swears By

Our most useful reviews and buying advice

Best vacuum cleaners
Best steam irons
Best Eurocamp sites for families
Best air fryers
Best 360 spin car seats
Best stair gates
Best baby carriers
Best tumble dryers
Christmas compromise - who was BU?
orangesandcloves
Christmas

DH, his sibling, me and my parent always (20+ years) spend Christmas Eve at his parents. That's our main Christmas celebration (we're not from UK). This year his mum is very ill, suffering from some strong medicine side effects and can't host. We offered to cook dinner and bring it to them, but she declined.
DH has said prior he would just pop by to say hello and give them our presents, then come home so we would have dinner.
Then the day before he announces he is going to his parents as they invited him and his brother to celebrate together at 7pm, apologising not to have invited others and hoping we'd understand. I was a bit upset by the last minute change as I was expecting my DH to visit them earlier in the day, leaving us enough time to have our Christmas dinner. I said to DH that we agreed we'd compromise that way, to which he got defensive and argued the compromise here is that he goes only for two hours instead of the whole evening.
In the end we ate our dinner at 10pm. Who was BU with Christmas expectations?

21
Today 21:43
Who is the most dangerous person a woman will ever meet?
Vote
Streetissoquiet
AIBU?

Have just seen this on a podcast

What is your immediate answer/thought?

108
Today 18:47
DH being a complete arse!
Vote
Sam9769
AIBU?

Walking our two dogs today around a local field and rural road which is fairly busy. DH had one dog on a flexi lead and I had the other.
In the field, the the flexi leads were at their full length to allow the dogs to run around. As we were walking along the road, DH refused to rein in his flexi lead allowing the dog to run along the road. I asked him several time to rein him in as it was clearly a dangerous thing to do as he would have little control if the dog ran in front of a car our van. DH refused to do so saying it was safe! Several cars and a van went by including electric cars which are hard to hear.
When I asked him why he wouldn't listen to me the response was "Why, or why or why?" obviously belittling me. I then took hold of both dogs and struggled with them while another dog walker passed by with his dog. When I looked up DH was standing there laughing at me. I told him he was a complete arse and took the dogs into the house.
AIBU or is DH and arse?

17
Today 23:43
Looking for a high quality warm wool coat
Happyharper
Shopping

I've got an ugly puffer at the moment but I'm hoping for something as warm but smart so I can wear to work. I've got a couple of wool coats but they aren't as warm as the puffer. I'm size 10, 5'7. Ideally in black and budget around £200. Hoping for something in the sales.

15
Today 10:03
A no spend January with limited grocery shopping spend
MikeRafone
Money matters

Im needing a detox from spending for January

Ive cancelled my amazon prime account - for now as I rarely use it until easter so it saves £35

all my bills will go out by direct debit and standing order by 2nd of the month

Im going to set a limit of £4 per person per day for the grocery shopping so £28 per person per week. We have a lot of left overs, some of which im going to freeze for January.

Coffee at home rather than out in a coffee shop, no hitting the sales for stuff no-one else wanted!

Im wanting as many no spend days as possible for January

anyone want to join?

168
Today 23:40
Get involved
Show more
What have your kids learned from caring for your family pet?
Dec 22, 2025
What would you like to know about Santa's Lapland?
Nov 25, 2025
Share your fave Monsoon festive looks for expert styling tips!
Nov 19, 2025
Share your favourite party looks from Boden’s new collection
Nov 19, 2025
Winter wardrobe staples: what can’t you live without?
Oct 22, 2025
Becoming a dry robe wanker for dog walks.
Mmimmyokay
Style and beauty

Think I might do it.
For walking dogs and walks round local marina. I just wanta dry, warm, roomy coat.

57
Today 23:16
Jobs you have done you would NEVER recommend to your children
OneUmberJoker
Work

McDonald's

199
Today 23:43
M&S Christmas Food hit and misses
gbpaln
Christmas

I'm always taking notes for next year so interested in thoughts on M&S Christmas food hits and misses. Ours were:

Hits
Chateaubriand beef with peppercorn source
Sticky toffee trifle (was sceptical but delicious)
Christmas sourdough (made the most amazing Boxing Day sandwiches)

Misses
Dancing through the Snow dessert (it was fine and looked amazing when on the table but very.expensive for a couple of spoonfuls of mousse)
Pigs in Blankets Mac 'n' Cheese

Appreciate it is all down to personal taste but always wonder what delights I have missed.

108
Today 23:30
is it too late to still be eating the turkey and ham
EleanorReally
Christmas

turkey cooked 25th naturally.
ham cooked 23rd and roasted 24th

42
Today 23:41
Renting privately with a new benefit claim
amiac
Money matters

Hello all.
looking for some advice regarding private renting.
I’m going through a separation and looking to rent a home privately for myself and 2 kids.
im working part time and have used the online benefit calculator to see what help I could get with housing costs.
with that in mind I have started looking at private rented properties and wanted some advice about whether to be up front with agents about benefits or not.
I am going to be getting a loan from family for the deposit payment and initial month rent. However they will know that my earnings don’t cover the rent.
do you think it’s possible that some landlords/agents will be ok with the benefits covering the rent?
or should I just get on the council housing register?
TIA x

20
Today 19:15
Autumn essentials
Show more
Best heated clothes airers and drying pods for drying clothes indoors
Laundry
Swears By
The best heated throws to snuggle up under
Keeping warm
Swears By
Stay stylish this winter with one of these top winter coats
Keeping warm
Swears By
Best changing robes: I tested the Dryrobe, plus top alternatives Mumsnet users love
Keeping warm
Swears By
Best dehumidifiers for drying clothes and reducing damp
Laundry
Swears By
Stay warm while it's cold out: best heated gilets for women
Keeping warm
Swears By
To be shocked my parents treat me and DSis differently
Vote
RipsMyKnitting
AIBU?

Xmas day dinner at my parents, me, DH, DSis BIL, 4 grandkids. All having a great time, we all get on well. No dramas at all.

My DF let's slip that they've been supplementing my DSis household income for years

My DH and I have worked hard and enjoy the security and lifestyle our efforts are yielding. We both have corporate jobs that we don't mind but that we'd happily give up if we could.

DSis has always been open about having a different outlook on life and not wanting a high pressure carer and a commute etc etc. She's a yoga instructor and her DH is a self employed landscaper. They have a similar lifestyle to ours and jobs they love and I always assumed they earn well which is obviously great to make good money doing something you love, close to home in hours that suit your desire around work/life balance.

But it turns out they don't make good money, they are given financial support by my parents to afford a lifestyle that's on a par with ours. And it seems the reason is it's not really fair for me and DH to have this type of lifestyle and DSis and her family not to.

How would others feel? Not sure how I feel, I'm embarrassed to admit I feel a little resentful and jealous.

It's obviously my parents money and theirs to spend however I they want but I feel a little hurt, theres been time where we've been stretched, my DH was made redundant a few years ago and had a spell of our of work for several months. There was never any offer of help to us at that point.

Happy to be told I'm being petty and jealous. I wish I'd never heard about it. I was blissfully unaware and quite happy for my DSis to have a good life and jobs they loved.

994
Today 22:16
Who got the worst gift?
Vote
arcticpandas
AIBU?

Very very lighthearted. Some people are starving so no whining about not getting the perfect gift. Instead looking at it from a humoristic perspective: who got the worst gift in our family? Please add yours as well..
In our family;

DH got 200 ml cologne while he wanted/needed 100 ml to bring with him on airplane (travels every week).
I got fine chocolate with alcohol from uncle again (everyone has told him I do not like it but he just can't get it). He even added "I know you can't get enough of those". Not passive aggressive- that would be sinister. He really likes me and is convinced I like them.

Also got a large hand bag from DH. Not wildly expensive but still- the cords are too thin- I keep loads of stuff in my handbag. He bought it 3 months ago so can't return it.

DS1 got a sort of a travel bag for mobile Phone to attach on bike from an aunt. He hasn't been riding his bike for years.

4.DS2 got a shirt of his favourite team that was so large on him it looked like a dress. Can't return it. Bil said he will grow in it😅

Dh got Mil a a stylish coat size L. It was too small. Yet Mil isn't a big woman. I'm a medium and it was perfect on me but she's got bigger breasts. She wasn't happy about large being too small.. didn't say anything because very polite but it was obvious she was unhappy.
Aunt got a big box of chocolate. She's on wli and barely eats anything. Def not chocolate. She discreetly passed them on to dh.

So who wins?

450
Today 22:53
Need to rant? Come on over.
DontlikeChristmas
Christmas

I’ll start. We’ve just opened presents. I couldn’t give a fig about presents for myself, but I think if you’re going to spend money on a gift for someone you’d may as well make sure it’s something they will like/use. DH has panic bought me a horrible tie dye jumper two sizes too big. I’ve never worn tie dye in my life. My mother has inexplicably bought me a truly awful outfit clearly meant for a teenager (I’m 50) in a colour I never wear, also in the wrong size. DH has also managed to buy DC a load of stuff they already have because he couldn’t be bothered to check. I feel so deflated by this & think it’s all such a massive waste of money (we probably could have gone out for dinner with the cost of the presents no one is going to wear/use, or made a charity donation).

We now have DHs family coming for dinner, who are lovely people but seem to have ever changing dietary requirements (none of which are due to diagnosed conditions) that it’s impossible to keep up with, so I’ve got to make about 15 different gluten-free/oil free/non-acidic/anti-inflammatory and whatever else dishes (DH ‘doesn’t do cooking’).

I’m over Christmas & it’s not even 8.30. Anyone else?

434
Today 22:36
Load more posts
Trending
Handhold needed - Ex partner has not returned child to my care despite Court order
342
Confronting STBX tomorrow about the OW.
176
Am I in big trouble??
154
AIBU - Adult children and financial help.
82
Asked to leave over DH comments
463
Long term marriage is like shagging your best friend
122
Supermarket carpark rage
117
My feed
Topics
Active
I'm on

ADVERTISEMENT

Shopping
My feed
Topics
Active
I'm on

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

About us
Advertise with us
Mumsnet in the media
Influencers network
Insight
Campaigns
Careers
Parental leave policy
Gransnet
AIBU
Talk
Pregnancy and baby
Parenting
Pregnancy
Reviews
Swears by
Pregnancy calendar
Ovulation calculator
Due date calculator
Conception advice
Preparing for a baby
Newborns guide
Baby care

Get Mumsnet direct to your inbox

Subscribe now

Join us

Download the Talk app

© 2025 Mumsnet Ltd.

Mumsnet carries some affiliate marketing links, so if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale (more details here)

Help 
Contact Us 
Terms of use 
Privacy 
Privacy settings 
Accessibility 
Talk Guidelines