Product
Solutions
Services
Enterprise
Resources
Pricing
Login
Book a demo
Sign up free
Sync up. Speed up. Stand out.

You’re busier than ever. Mural is the visual AI platform that turns alignment into an ongoing way of working, connecting strategy to execution and driving results in one shared workspace.

By continuing, I agree to Mural's Collaborator Notice & Privacy Statement.
Which team are you part of?
Research and Development
Sales
Marketing
Consulting

Whether building strategic account plans, mapping stakeholder influence, or co-creating deals live with customers, Mural accelerates your time-to-close.

Map your sales funnel now
TRUSTED BY BRANDS AROUND THE WORLD
HEAR IT FROM THE REAL GAMECHANGERS: OUR CUSTOMERS
We don’t just talk about results, we show them.

Learn from the best and see how Mural and LUMA can be applied to gain a true business advantage.

See more results
50%

Increase in sales onboarding efficiency

Learn more
1.5

Days/week given back to the sales team

Learn more
800

Hours of meeting time saved per year

Learn more
AI BY YOUR SIDE
AI‑powered workflows that move teams forward

From kickoff to retro, Mural AI can supercharge your workflows and tasks every step of the way.

Learn more about Mural AI
WHO WE SERVE
Sales that close. Marketing that captivates. Products that deliver.

Give your teams the power of AI to align faster, deliver more impact, and scale results across your organization.

Book a demo
Research & development

Ideate, innovate, and launch — faster.

Start building
Sales

Plan and close better deals, faster.

Start closing
Marketing

Build omnichannel campaigns that convert.

Start converting
Consulting

Co-create value with customers.

Start scaling
OUR PRODUCTS
Solutions for high-performing teams
Real-time collaborative workspaces
Streamlined workflows & templates
AI for accelerated insights & decisions

Intelligent integrations
Real-time collaborative workspaces

Reach your global team's outcomes faster with our shared infinite canvas.

Start collaborating
Streamlined Workflows & Templates

Expert-designed methods and templates, paired with AI guidance and support, unlock productivity and efficiency.

Explore templates
AI for accelerated insights & decisions

Mural’s AI is a powerful tool that helps jumpstart brainstorming, instantly analyze feedback, and optimize next best steps to keep your work in the fast lane.

Discover AI tools
Intelligent integrations

Work seamlessly between Mural and the rest of your tech stack to organize, orchestrate, and execute your strategy without silos.


Explore integrations
LUMA SYSTEM
Seeing is how alignment fuels transformation

LUMA is for everyday problem solvers — the people who take action to Make Things Better™. It’s the most practical, flexible, and versatile approach to innovation in the world. Equip everyone in your organization to think creatively, collaborate effectively, and turn ideas into real solutions that help you reach your goals faster.

Start innovating
CUSTOMER VOICES
What our customers say

"We went from collaborating on whiteboards in person to working remotely, and our customers, partners, and internal teams don’t always share a common set of tools. We needed a flexible, easy way to collaborate visually among all parties — and we found that with Mural."

Stephen Goetzinger, Chief Product Owner

"In our role, we need to understand a lot of things from the customer: their current landscape, their goals, business drivers, current challenges, etc. We now use Mural to facilitate these discussions. This allows for discovery conversations to be more visual and more interactive; it brings the customer into the discussion."

Andrew Marti, UX Design Research Director

If you start listening to people's feedback and acting on it, 2 things will happen. They'll give you more feedback, and the quality of that feedback will improve every single time.

Anthony Coppedge, Global Agile Digital Sales Transformation Lead at IBM
Explore customer outcomes
RESOURCES
Latest insights and updates
Facilitation
Design thinking
12 tips for building stakeholder engagement

Learn how to strengthen collaboration with stakeholder engagement. Explore practical tips to build trust, gain alignment, and drive successful outcomes.

Design thinking
Digital collaboration
The essential guide to collecting stakeholder feedback effectively

Essential guide to effective stakeholder feedback. Learn steps to organize, analyze, and implement input, for better project alignment and quick consensus.

Digital collaboration
Facilitation
End-of-year retrospectives: Better projects for the new year

Run a powerful end-of-year retrospective. Reflect on wins & challenges. Explore guidance, key questions, and ready-to-use templates for a successful new year.

Explore resources
Designed for businesses of all sizes

Expand with reassurance: no credit card, cancel anytime, instant setup.

Start for free
See pricing
SEEING IS HOW
Ready to see what everyone’s talking about?
You can with Mural
Products
Product overview
Features
Mural AI
Templates
Developers
Integrations
Trust & security
Pricing
Enterprise
Solutions
The Mural System
Teamwork Assessment
Use cases
LUMA Institute
Professional Services
Resources
Events
Webinars
Blog
Resource hub
Microsoft partnership
Case studies
Accessibility
Mural status
Help center
Sitemap
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Brand assets
Contact sales
Contact us
Our Apps
Download our apps
Microsoft Teams
Surface Hub
Legal & privacy
Privacy statement
Terms of service
California privacy
Your privacy choices
© 2025 Mural. All rights reserved.
LUMA Institute, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tactivos, Inc. d/b/a Mural.
The Mural name and logo are trademarks of Tactivos, Inc. dba Mural.