Murdoch University Skip to main content Current Students Alumni Staff Library Contact Search Search Explore Explore About Murdoch Our locations Perth campus Rockingham campus Mandurah campus Whitby Falls Farm Nambeelup Food Centre Maps and tours Parking Our Colleges & Schools Our history Sir Walter Murdoch 50th anniversary Reconciliation in action The Voice to Parliament A brighter future is here Artificial Intelligence at Murdoch Sustainability and AI Governance and leadership Senate Senior Leadership Team Academic Council and Committees Quality assurance and improvement Annual reports Freedom of Information FOI application form Public Interest Disclosure Complaints Supplying to Murdoch Suppliers Tenders Addressing modern slavery No PO, No Pay Rectified student enrolment data Social Media Terms of Service Sexual Harm Prevention and Response Report Addressing sexual harm Strategy 2023-2030 Work at Murdoch Benefits and services Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Talent Register Graduate program Athena SWAN Contractors Payroll remediation Life and culture Murdoch University Art Collection About the Collection Selected acquisitions Exhibitions Support us Nexus Theatre Facilities Library Eat and drink Health and wellbeing Chiropractic Clinic Caladenia Counselling Clinic Murdoch Psychology Clinic Worship Centre Hiring a venue Kids on campus Bringing children on campus Child care centres Parenting facilities Security and safety Bushfire safety Sport and recreation Walks and trails Sporting venues Support services Careers and Employability Elite Athlete Program Elite Athlete Support Fund Australian Defence Force Students with Disability Kulbardi Aboriginal Centre Welcome to Country Engagement and outreach K-Track enabling program Support for our students Make an enquiry Donate to Kulbardi The Guild Study Study Courses Find a course Study areas Study online Award titles and abbreviations Why choose Murdoch Flexible study options Attendance modes Personalised courses Learning facilities Engineering facilities Media arts centre Veterinary facilities Exercise science facilities Pathways to uni High school leavers Entry requirements for high school leavers Parents and families Work and life experience Vocational education and training Our pathway with SM TAFE Higher education Enabling pathways Law Start Ngoolark Pre-Law Experienced Based Entry Pathways for international students Study levels Undergraduate Honours Honours opportunities Postgraduate Degrees Research Your research project Life as a research student International students Study Abroad and Exchange Decide what to study Fees and scholarships How to apply Life on campus Our social program When you leave Before moving to Perth Apply for a visa Relocating as a family Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC) Arrival in Perth Airport pickups Getting organised Working in Perth Life in Perth Facts about Perth, WA Things to do in and around Perth Climate and culture Accommodation Living costs Studying at Murdoch Life on campus International student groups Support services Information for parents Fees and scholarships Regional and remote students Staying at home Support for studying from home Moving to Perth Leaving home Support for moving to Perth How to apply Entry requirements English proficiency tests University preparation courses English language courses Previous tertiary study Vocational education Genuine Student (GS) requirements Apply directly to Murdoch Apply through TISC Apply through an agent Apply for a research degree Study a single unit Cross-institutional enrolment Want an early offer to study in 2026? Recognition of prior learning Accepting your offer Apply to Murdoch Fees Course fees Government support Job Ready Graduates – Student FAQs Student Services and Amenities Fee Cost of living Scholarships Find a scholarship Applying for scholarships Explore external scholarships Research scholarships Student loans Canadian student loans US Department of Veterans Affairs US (William D. Ford) Direct Loan Program Open Day What to expect at Open Day Research Research Research focus Food security Health futures Sustainable development Impact and engagement Building resilience in teachers Dealing with dieback Ecosensitive wastewater treatment Improving mine closure planning Murdoch defence research Institutes and Centres Industry and partnerships Capabilities & facilities Marine and Freshwater Research Laboratory Murdoch Virtual Centre for Simulation Our partnerships Research commercialisation Research and Innovation Office Research ethics and safety Research ethics and integrity Animal ethics Animal ethics committee Animal ethics resources Animal ethics approval Useful information Openness Agreement Legislation and links Animal ethics module (IRMA) Human research ethics Human ethics module - IRMA Human research committee Managing approved research Useful information Forms and resources Application and tips Research integrity Allegations Research integrity allegation form Collaborate Collaborate Business and industry WA Cricket Launchpad Community Connect with our students Work Integrated Learning Work placements Industry projects Industry expression of interest Discipline information Education Outreach workshops for high schools Creative Arts and Communication HASS STEM Activities Teachers and Advisors School programs SimLab Providing pathways for Year 12 students Health partnerships Chiropractic Radiation Safety Exams Current Students Alumni Staff Library Contact Study Study Courses Why Choose Murdoch Pathways to uni Study levels International students High school leavers Fees Scholarships How to apply Discover your future at Murdoch University Research Research Research focus Impact and engagement Industry and partnerships Research and Innovation Office Institutes and Centres Find out more about our world-leading-research Collaborate Collaborate Business and industry Community Education Health partnerships Connect with our students See how you could benefit from collaborating with us Explore Explore About Murdoch Leadership and governance Our strategy Work at Murdoch Life and culture Facilities Support services Explore our Schools News, Opinions and Blogs Events Explore Murdoch University and what makes us unique Previous Pause Next Apply now for Semester 1, 2026 Start your journey with us as an enabling, undergraduate, honours or postgraduate student. Apply now An unprecedented gift Our iconic veterinary school is about to be transformed thanks to the largest gift ever received by a WA university. Read more High school is over and a new chapter begins! Get up to speed on everything you need to know before starting at Murdoch University next year. Learn more Courses Choose from over 200 courses and ignite your bright future with a degree from Murdoch University. View Courses How to apply Ready to apply? Take the first step towards your university journey today. View How to apply Scholarships Discover our range of scholarships that can help you throughout your studies. View Scholarships About us Get to know Murdoch University, from studying and partnering with us, to our research impact. View About us Find your course Study Areas View all courses Explore our study areas Our courses are grouped into study areas to help you find the path that’s right for you. Agricultural Science Allied Health Business Creative Media and Communication Criminology Education Engineering and Energy Environmental and Conservation Sciences Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences Indigenous Knowledges Information Technology Law Medical, Molecular and Forensic Sciences Nursing Physical Sciences and Mathematics Psychology Veterinary Science Explore all study areas Undergraduate Your first degree, also referred to as Bachelor’s degree, is the first qualification you can complete at university. View Undergraduate Postgraduate Deepens your understanding on your undergraduate degree or helps you switch careers to a new area. View Postgraduate Research An advanced study program that gives you an opportunity to deeply explore a topic of your choice. View Research Honours An extension to your Undergraduate degree, focusing on a research project. View Honours International Join a global community committed to building a better, more sustainable future. View International About Murdoch University Did you know Murdoch University was founded in 1974? That we are the only city-based university in Australia to have an on-campus farm? That we were the first university in Australia to introduce a flexible admission system, making education more accessible? Get to know Murdoch University, our history and our focus to create a brighter future for all. #1 in WA For social equity and student to teacher ratio. Good Universities Guide 2024 Five-star rating Overall and for teaching, employability, facilities and inclusiveness. QS Stars Assessment 2024 World standard or above In 81% of research disciplines. Excellence in Research Australia Are you in Year 12 or a recent high school leaver? Discover our range of undergraduate courses, early offers program, supportive enabling pathways, scholarships and more! Ignite your potential at Murdoch University. Learn more What’s happening at Murdoch University? View all news {
      "url": "/api/public/newsarticles?sf_site=63f31cba-5a7c-4914-93a8-00b1a1a643ea&$expand=FeatureImage&$orderby=PublicationDate desc",
      "type": "news"
    } Welcome to Boola Katijin Designed with students at its heart, Boola Katitjin is our globally award-winning teaching and learning building that allows for a truly unique study experience. Explore our campus Alumni Murdoch University is dedicated to research that drives real-world impact through multidisciplinary and translational approaches. We transform laboratory discoveries and public policy insights into practical solutions for contemporary challenges, enhancing business, policy, practice, and outcomes. View Alumni Career Stories The career journeys from our alumni highlight the transformative curiosity and passion fostered at Murdoch University, leading to impactful and pioneering contributions. We are proud of the significant roles our alumni play in addressing local and national challenges. View Career Stories Acknowledgement of Country We acknowledge that Murdoch University is situated on the lands of the Whadjuk and Binjareb Noongar people. We pay our respects to their enduring and dynamic culture and the leadership of Noongar elders past and present. The boodjar (country) on which Murdoch University is located has, for thousands of years, been a place of learning. We at Murdoch University are proud to continue this long tradition. As a pillar of our strategic plan, we’re committed to the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities. Find out more Information for Information for Future students International students Parents & families Alumni Industry & community Quick Links Quick Links Apply to Murdoch Explore our Schools Events Staff Directory Work at Murdoch Provide feedback Our Locations Our Locations Perth Rockingham Mandurah Singapore Dubai General Enquiries General Enquiries Phone +61 8 9360 6000 Future student enquiries Help & emergencies Get Directions Get Directions Murdoch Maps © Murdoch University CRICOS 00125 | PRV12163 - Australian University Copyright & Disclaimer Privacy Live Chat Live Chat Want advice about your study, your wellbeing or getting the most out of university? Chat now