Europe's Largest Radio Company | Radio Advertising | Global uk 41.77.117.2 want more information, or to enquire about advertising with us? call us enquire now request a call back Name * First Last Organisation * City * Postcode * Phone * Email * Budget * Enquiry * Newsletter Signup Newsletter Signup (optional) Please tick if you want to be first to hear about news, special promotions and offers by email from us. If you have already opted in, don’t worry, your existing subscription won’t change. You can unsubscribe any time, using the link at the bottom of any of our emails. Consent * Consent * I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use CAPTCHA Your privacy is important to us. We want to better help you understand how and why we use your data. View our Privacy Statement for more details. We also use cookies on for personalisation, analytics and ads. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of these cookies . Accept radio outdoor dax global player advertise global goodness about contact global careers UK UK United Kingdom NI Northern Ireland IE Ireland ES Spain NL Netherlands US United States MC Monaco radio The UK and Europe's largest Radio & Outdoor company, Global is home to the UK’s biggest and best-loved radio stations. Entertaining more than 29 million people across the UK every week Our brands include Heart, Capital, LBC, Capital XTRA, Classic FM, Smooth, Radio X and Gold Radio. brands We’re home to some of the UK's biggest and best-loved radio stations, such as Heart, Capital, Smooth and Classic FM, to name a few. We keep more than 29 million people entertained each week. Click on a brand below to find out more or listen live. advertise with global UK’s No.1 Hit Music Station, reaching 9.4m weekly UK listeners UK’s largest radio brand, reaching 12.8m weekly UK listeners UK’s third largest commercial radio brand, reaching 7.6m weekly UK listeners UK’s most popular classical music brand, reaching 4.5m weekly UK listeners Home to the biggest personalities, reaching 2.5m weekly UK listeners A golden era for music, reaching 1.7m weekly UK listeners Britain’s biggest commercial news talk brand, reaching 3.3m weekly UK listeners From the heart of Monaco and across the Coté d'Azur Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live Learn more Listen live ways to listen You’ll never have to miss your favourite radio show again with Global stations available on DAB and DAB+, and Global Player, the entertainment app for every you, available on your mobile, smart speakers, or online at globalplayer.com . Find out all the ways you can listen to your favourite Global stations. discover more national coverage Across the UK, listeners wake up to national breakfast shows from some of the best loved radio stations including Heart, Capital, and LBC, and end the working day with national drive time shows from Smooth, Radio X, Classic FM and more. We keep more than 29 million people entertained across the UK each week. discover more local reach Fronted by presenters from all corners of the UK, our radio stations are national with a local connection. Plus, listeners in Scotland and Wales can enjoy local shows on Capital Scotland, Heart Scotland, and Smooth. Through live events and outdoor broadcasts, we take our shows on the road, bringing them to towns and cities across England, Wales and Scotland. discover more branded events We connect your brand to our passionate audiences by attracting the biggest artists, personalities and performers on the planet. discover more also at global outdoor outdoor With an extensive and diverse portfolio, Global is a leader in outdoor advertising across the UK and Europe. discover more DAX DAX Our digital advertising exchange connects brands with audiences at scale across audio and outdoor. discover more case studies View all case studies barbie Looking for the success stories? We have an ever-growing library of case studies demonstrating how we helped brands achieve their campaign goals. audience guaranteed Reacting to audience movement changes by monitoring entry and exit data through our unique partnership with TfL. lego Driving brand awareness and product consideration with cross media formats. berocca Using DAX to capture consumers’ attention and to drive awareness of Berocca Boost. organix Driving brand awareness and product consideration with cross media formats. careers. careers. careers. careers. Working at Global isn’t just a job – it’s an experience. global careers Figures sourced from: RAJAR / Ipsos-MORI / RSMB Main Menu radio outdoor dax global player advertise global goodness about contact More from Global what's new careers scheduling legal & regulatory international sales Contact Global 30 Leicester Square London WC2H 7LA 020 7766 6000 info@global.com © Global 2019-2025 • legal • privacy • cookies • modern slavery • terms of use • acceptable use • bug bounty • accessibility • Accessibility mode is off • Privacy manager Web Design by TWK