Music Streaming Service - DJ Streaming Platform | Music Worx Services Overview Discover the app Music fans Music PROs Label & Producer Blog Subscription Sign up for free A streaming service for all music fans. Your music with no limits. MUSIC IS THE KEY SIGN UP FOR FREE We serve only high quality music. Selected daily news tracks by our curators. DJ PROs & ARTISTS SIGN UP FOR FREE Music streaming and download for PROs and music fans. You‘re a DJ or music PRO? You are already known as a PRO DJ or collect music as a hobby? Find daily new releases from millions of songs, selected by our curators. > Join here You‘re a music fan? You love electronic music and are frequently in clubs? Join our music fan website and enjoy best music selected especially for you! > Join here World's most famous selected labels for you Capitol Armada-Deep Hand picked music from our curators Electronic Music - Dance - Urban - Lounge - Latino - Jazz - Pop HiFi audio quality thanks to FLAC lossless streaming! MP3-Quality 320 Kbps Best compromise between sound quality and data size. Lossless CD quality 1411 Kbps Stream in lossless FLAC format, for a clear music experience. Download our app for free. Start listening to music right away. No subscription required. FAQ Can I try Music Worx for free? When you register with Music Worx, you can listen to all tracks for up to 2 minutes, giving you a chance to explore the catalog and discover what we offer. Later, you have the option to purchase a subscription to unlock full access. You get a free subscription for a period of 30 days when you sign up with Music Worx. During this time, you’ll have complete access to all our features and services. You can cancel your subscription at any time during the trial period, without any costs or commitments. If you decide to continue after the trial, your subscription will automatically renew, ensuring uninterrupted access. How good does HiFi work on mobile devices? We recommend at least a 4G network for good streaming results. The best audio experience is achieved in offline mode to ensure uninterrupted playback. What is the difference between a PRO and a consumer subscription? By PRO’s we mean DJs, record labels, radio stations and musicians. Consumers, on the other hand, are fans of this music movement and also have their DJ idols, from whom they benefit because of the link between the two platforms. Who can I follow as a music fan on Music Worx? You can follow your favorite artists, DJs and labels . Receive new music from your followers every day and create always up to date playlists with the latest sound. You won’t miss any important tracks, we promise! Does Music Worx support FLAC DJ Streaming? Yes! With Music Worx, DJs can stream and mix unlimited tracks in lossless FLAC quality using our Streambox software. All tracks are stored offline, so you never have to worry about internet connection issues—and there’s no limit to the size of your personal music library. How can I benefit as a PRO or Consumer? Both have access to promo tracks , which are available for free download. Over 1K tracks are added monthly. You can download over 50K tracks with a subscription. There is no other streaming service that offers this! Can I as an artist promote my music on Music Worx? Yes, you can upload your own music directly to the platform. To get more exposure, you can also book various promotions. If you have this goal, you should register as an artist on the PRO website. Is Music Worx available worldwide? If the licensor has cleared the rights for your country, you can stream and download or just one of them. Since we create our weekly charts from the continents of Europe, North America, South America, Asia, Africa and Oceania, you will have a global overview of what is overview of what is being played by DJs on the other side of the world. Does Music Worx offer music genres other than EDM? Yes, we also offer Lounge, Chillout and Jazz for relaxing hours, as well as Hip Hop and Latino in the other area. A large field is also covered by Dance and Pop. We don’t want to offer all genres, because we want to be the best in our genres. WHO ARE YOU? Music Professional DJ and Radio Label and Producer Music Consumer Electronic music lovers MUSIC PROs Features Streaming & Download Music Promotion DJ app STREAMBOX Statistics Week Charts Mobile app Ibiza Radio Sessions WHO WE ARE About Us Contact Press Customer Support Plans Blog LEGAL Privacy and Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Imprint Terms Streambox Copyright Infringement English Deutsch Français Español Italiano Português Русский 繁體中文 日本語 Copyright Music Worx | All Rights Reserved | Owned by Pro Conecta Services Overview Discover the app Music fans Music PROs Label & Producer Blog Subscription Sign up for free We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information . Settings Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT