Muslim Pro App | Prayer Times, Adhan, Qibla, Holy Quran ❄️ Send essential comfort today to transform a winter of desperation into one of hope ❄️ Close About Us Features Core Features Ummah Pro Academy Prayer Times Blog All Articles Ramadan 2026 Guide Deen Lifestyle Quran Qalbox Premium Get Premium Gift Premium Redeem Premium Giving Winter Aid Perform Aqiqah Badal Umrah ❄️ Send essential comfort today to transform a winter of desperation into one of hope ❄️ Close About Us Features Core Features Ummah Pro Academy Prayer Times Blog All Articles Ramadan 2026 Guide Deen Lifestyle Quran Qalbox Premium Get Premium Gift Premium Redeem Premium Giving Winter Aid Perform Aqiqah Badal Umrah Your Islamic App Companion Practice Your Deen - Anytime, Anywhere إِنَّمَا الْأَعْمَالُ بِالنِّيَّاتِ Innamal a’malu binniyat (Indeed all actions are based on the intentions) At Muslim Pro, we provide religious tools and a personalised stream of content & resources that engage, inspire, and support Muslims around the world. From prayer times and the Holy Quran to Islamic resources, Muslim films and TV series - Muslim Pro is your digital home for all things Muslim. Fulfil Umrah For Your Loved Ones Gift a Badal Umrah to be performed in Makkah on behalf of your loved one. Whether for the deceased, the sick, or those unable to perform it themselves, this service ensures their reward is preserved. Each request is handled securely with our trusted partner Tawkeel, giving you peace of mind while honoring those dearest to you. Learn More Ease Hunger This Winter Giving with intention not only eases hardship for others but also nurtures compassion within ourselves. Through Giving by Muslim Pro’s Winter Aid and our trusted partners, food, warmth, and protection reach families in need across Gaza, the refugee camps, and Yemen. Give Generously Upgrade to Muslim Pro Premium! Ads help us keep Muslim Pro running, but upgrading to Premium offers you an uninterrupted experience while directly supporting the the app's growth and development. Explore our promos and discounts to find the perfect plan for you. Upgrade to Muslim Pro Premium today and enjoy an ad-free experience + unlock all features! Upgrade to Premium Get Verified Prayer Times, Qibla & Adhan Notifications Muslim Pro is recognized as having the most accurate prayer times among Muslim lifestyle apps, being the first app to offer verified prayer times for major cities across the world. Get Prayer Times Immerse & Learn the Holy Quran Muslim Pro features the full Quran with Arabic scripts, coloured Tajweed, 40+ translations and more. Now, you can also learn more about selected surahs and use our tools to kick start your Quran memorizing journey. Read the Quran Ask AiDeen - Muslim Pro's AI Islamic Chatbot Ask AiDeen is a companion in your journey of faith, offering you information about topics in Islam on-the-go. Ask AiDeen is trained to answer your Islamic queries based on the the holy Quran and authentic hadiths. Ask AiDeen Watch Qalbox Muslim Films, TV Series & More Qalbox is a Muslim streaming service in Muslim Pro, hosting an enriching library of Muslim-focused content - from films and TV series to kids' programmes, documentaries, Quranic recitations and much more. Watch Qalbox The Digital Home for All Things Muslim Muslim Pro received the Halal Digital Platform Excellence Award (International) at the World Halal Excellence Awards 2023 160+ million downloads and growing! 9.7M users on Day 1 of Ramadan 2024 4.7 Stars review on App Store 4.2 Stars reviews on Play Store “MashaAllah, a great source of reflection, learning, ibadah and being on track, whether it is praying on time or following your Deen in all aspects! May Allah reward the makers of this app. Immensely, InshaAllah and Ameen” ★★★★★ Islamic Resources for Daily Inspiration Besides the daily tools like prayer times and the holy Quran, Muslim Pro also produces and shares useful and beneficial Islamic articles, guides and infographics to inspire you to be a better Muslim every day. Ismail al-Jazari: The Muslim Engineer Who Shaped Early Robotics December 18, 2025 Siti Zahidah Learn about Ismail al-Jazari, a pioneering Muslim engineer whose machines blended faith, skill, and creativity, inspiring generations of young learners in science and engineering. Read more Ramadan Fasting Rules in Islam: Obligations, Exemptions, and Key Practices December 17, 2025 Siti Zahidah From making your daily intention (niyyah) to knowing what breaks your fast, get the answers you need for a successful Ramadan. Read more What Was the Golden Age of Islam? Timeline, Key Regions & Lasting Legacy December 17, 2025 Siti Zahidah Learn about the brilliant minds who mapped the stars, invented algebra, and built the first modern hospitals—all while staying true to their Islamic values. Read more Masjid an-Nabawi in Medina: Inside the Prophet’s Mosque and Its Iconic Umbrellas November 22, 2025 Siti Zahidah Masjid an-Nabawi, the Prophet's Mosque in Madinah, is the second holiest site in Islam and the resting place of Prophet Muhammad ﷺ. A single prayer here is worth a thousand… Read more Powerful Quranic Quotes for Daily Life: Find Peace and Purpose November 21, 2025 Muslim Pro Contributor Find peace and purpose with this curated collection of beautiful Quranic quotes and verses about life, patience, gratitude, and healing. Read more The History of Madinah from Hijrah to the Heart of Islamic Civilization November 20, 2025 Siti Zahidah Madinah, the home of Prophet Muhammad ﷺ, was originally Yathrib—a divided oasis that longed for unity and justice. The Hijrah (migration) in 622 CE transformed it into Al-Madinah Al-Munawwarah, the… Read more Read The Muslim Pro Blog Subscribe to Our Newsletter! For exciting updates on our app - from new features and sweet deal to new Muslim films & TV series, subscribe to our newsletter! First Name * Email Address * Country * HP Name Subscribe We care about the protection of your data. Read our Privacy Policy. As Seen On Who We Are About Us Job Openings What We Do Our Features Press Releases For Users Gift Premium Redeem Premium Contact Us For Business Corporate Gifting Advertise With Us Muslim Pro is the essential Islamic app companion for Muslims. Now with Qalbox, we are the digital home for all things Muslim. Help Center Contact Press Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Copyright © 2025 Bitsmedia Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved. English French Arabic Indonesian Dutch English