Muso - Best Music Player App with Offline Playback, Lyrics & Equalizer The Coolest Music Player Play music, play fun life Google Play Download See the beat of the music Live Music Visualizer Colourful rhythmic players AI lyrics, cover and music video Real-time synced lyrics High-quality song covers Listen to music offline Supports all audio formats Play smoothly without network Custom equalizer With our Professional and user-friendly music equalizer, help you to get the best sound experience. More useful features Floating Lyrics Let the lyrics float on the desktop and sing along with the music anytime, anywhere. Volume Booster Increasing the volume up to 200%, well above your device's maximum system volume. Sleep Timer Intelligent detection to turn off the music after falling asleep. Ringtone Maker Just one click, you can create ringtones out of songs with your favorite music. Speed Changer Slow down or speed up your audio for music practice, dance lesson, language study, etc What Muso's users say Aishwarya Devi Sharma Definitely deserves a five 🌟. The best music player out there. You can customize the music player style and change the cover of the song. I've been using this for a long time. I highly recommend to check it out. José Luis García Its really great, corrects and adds lyrics to the songs without having to edit it yourself from time to time. I really enjoying music with lyrics without internet connection. Pooja Patel I rate this app a 5 star why? Because I can change the music sounds and version like studio, party, distant sounds etc. This app is really amazing.✨ Priya Rajput Chaudhary This app is amazing listening song without any interruption enhancing music experience to the next level is in this app ❤️❤ Harshvardhan Singhania It gives additionally lyrics of the song it is very impressive and also have perfect integrated platform view. That cool mode is really awesome.✨💓💛🖤 Copyright © Beable Technology PTE. LTD. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | About Us Email: support@musoplayer.com