Muzli - Design inspiration hub Muzli Inspiration Muzli Me Search Colors Collections Blog Design Jobs About Contact us Advertise on Muzli Muzli for Chrome Mobile App Muzli Me Advertise on Muzli Blog Design Jobs NEW Products Get Muzli Designers' Secret Source The best design inspiration - expertly curated for you. Muzli is a new-tab browser extension that instantly delivers relevant design stories and inspiration to keep you in the loop. More about Muzli Get Muzli for Chrome Use Muzli on Web PRO Dennis Snellenberg Freelance Designer & Developer, Awwwards judge “When I just started with design Muzli helped me to get more reach and followers. The Parallax series that they promoted made my business go 🔥” Zhenya Rynzhuk Co-Founder & Art Director Synchronized Studio “Muzli provides a curated feed of useful insights and trending visual ideas. It helps to stay inspired and informed about what’s happening in the industry as well as provides an opportunity to showcase our latest projects with a growing community of creatives.” Domas Markevicius UX Lead at Wix.com “Navigating the creative landscape of digital design becomes effortless with Muzli, my ultimate guide to what's trending in the design world.” Claudio Guglieri Head of Design @OpalCamera “For years, the Muzli team has curated the finest designs in the industry. Muzli is the ultimate go-to destination for online inspiration. It doesn't get better than this” Louis Paquet Creative Director @TUX_HOUSE & jury @awwwards “Whenever I launch my browser, Muzli greets me with inspiration! It's my convenient go-to source for creative ideas, effectively kickstarting my creative flow each day.” Filippo Spiezia Founder & ECD Digital Design Days “I couldn’t imagine a life without Muzli 🖤 It has always been a source of inspiration, daily learning, finding newsworthy readings and talented projects.” Hand picked inspiration Join over 800k designers , product managers & developers to get your daily dose of fresh, professionally curated graphic design, tech, news, art, illustration, typography, photography, architecture, fashion and so much more. Be the first to know of the latest design trends Staying current is crucial to continuously improve yourself and be prepared for upcoming trends in design & technology. Learn new skills and get inspired by what others are doing. Customizable & personalized Muzli curates the latest content from hundreds of online design, tech & news publications. You can pick-and-choose what interests you and we'll take care of the rest by surfacing the best content and bring it all together. Stay on top of it all and find everything in one place. Infinite World of Inspiration Experience inspiration like never before. Loved by hundreds of thousands designers worldwide, Muzli is the leading go-to browser extension for creative professionals. Get Muzli for Chrome Join top World creatives who enjoy Muzli "I LOVE this app it is very useful and helpful. Thanks Muzli you made my daily life easy with awesome content" Waqas Karim "Hi Muzli, your team work is very inspirational for Designer, in every morning start one cup of coffee with MUZLi!" Anurag Tiwari "The best replacement for chrome new tab it keeps me up to-date with the latest designing feeds with no stupid ads all over the place thanks for that <3" Hadi Golkarian "I love every time I open my browser I get all of the latest design news. I use it when I am short on time to grab something interesting to share on my social media channels too." Clay Pruzinsky Muzli instantly delivers cutting-edge design projects and news each time a new tab is open in your browser. Discover the best web design inspiration, best websites, best logos, web trends, best mobiles sites and
  applications, minimalist websites, brutalist websites, innovative illustrations, design features, unique
  websites, photography projects, and visual art, as well as opinions and articles from design experts
  across the web and around the world. Products Muzli Me Chrome extension Edge extension Inspiration search Color palette generator Design inspiration collections Color names Design Jobs Blog Follow us Medium Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Company About Privacy policy Terms of service Advertise on Muzli Promote Your Job Reach us Contact us Suggest a link Bug report Publish on our Medium publication © 2025 Muzli X ltd. · All Right Reserved. Read our Privacy policy and Terms of service EN / 中文 / ES / FR / RU / DE / IT / PL / LT / हिन्दी