MWC - The Largest And Most Influential Connectivity… | MWC Barcelona Skip to main content. Search Attend Why attend? Only at MWC Barcelona can you find business leaders, industry legends, policy-leads and leading-edge tech experts, in one place. To turn ideas into action and meetings into deals. Discover more reasons Attend Why attend? Networking Explore passes Experience Barcelona Plan your visit Hotels Airline discounts Train discounts Transportation Book an external event space Explore Barcelona Buy a pass for 2026 Agenda Conference Overview Find the speakers, sessions, summits and programmes that will give you the knowledge and insights you need to make your ambitions reality in 2026. Explore Conference Overview Conference Agenda Speakers Themes 20 years of Iconic Thought Leadership Connected Industries Buy a Pass Exhibition Exhibitors Discover the tech companies, countries and organisations that are showcasing their latest innovations at MWC – from big names to breakthrough changemakers. Explore the exhibition Exhibition Exhibitors Airport of the Future New Frontiers Co-Located Events 4YFN Talent Arena Sports Tomorrow Congress Become an exhibitor About About Sponsors and Partners GSMA Ministerial Programme News Rewire Podcast Video Library Registration is open – Barcelona is waiting! Registration for MWC26 Barcelona is now live. Get your pass to global innovation, connectivity insight and business opportunity below. 2 – 5 March 2026 Fira Gran Via, Barcelona We’ll see you there! Buy your pass for MWC26 Barcelona Making way for The IQ Era Much can happen in a year within our ecosystem of innovation and connectivity. As we build on the success of MWC25 and engage with MWC26 to activate a new theme – The IQ Era – the world is already shifting to greater heights of digital awareness. In this new age of intelligence, the way to a better future is through smarter connection: human ideas leading technology, commercial impact and societal progress. MWC is where leaders of nations, business and technology assemble, and collective knowledge collaborates – make your insight count in The IQ Era. Get involved Secure your space, explore the floorplan and join thousands shaping the future of connectivity. Sponsor or Exhibit Buy your pass Download our floorplan Skip to speakers list. Meet our first wave of MWC26 keynote speakers Gwynne Shotwell President & COO, SpaceX John Stankey Chairman & CEO, AT&T Christel Heydemann CEO, Orange Group Mickey Mikitani Founder, Chairman & CEO, Rakuten Group, Inc. Kaan Terzioğlu Group CEO, VEON Group Allison Kirkby Chief Executive, BT Group Kate Johnson President and CEO, Lumen Technologies Gopal Vittal MD, Bharti Airtel Group & GSMA Chair Karandeep Anand CEO, Character.AI Alex Blania CEO and Co-founder, Tools for Humanity Johanna Faries President, Blizzard Entertainment Andrew Feinberg CEO & Chairman of the Board, Netcracker ​ Azeem Azhar Founder, Exponential View Benedict Evans Analyst & Author Michael Nicolls VP, Starlink Engineering Gabe Pereyra President & Co-Founder, Harvey Lara Dewar CMO, GSMA Vivek Badrinath Director General, GSMA John Giusti Chief Regulatory Officer, GSMA See the full lineup View speakers Discover the six themes shaping MWC26 Barcelona From AI to enterprise reinvention, our six thought leadership themes explore the technologies, ideas and people powering the next wave of innovation. Dive into the issues that matter most, across business, policy, and society, and join the conversations defining the future of connectivity. AI 4 Enterprise Theme Sponsor: AI Nexus Theme Sponsor: ConnectAI Theme Sponsor: Game Changers Theme Sponsor: Intelligent Infrastructure Theme Sponsor: Tech4All Theme Sponsor: View all Thought leadership themes What can MWC do for you? Whatever you're into - industry knowledge, radical innovation, powered-up business, policy leadership - MWC has it. I want to hear what's happening next Let's be straight, you know your stuff. People come to you for your thoughts because you like to stay informed. The latest studies, those new stats and out-there ideas everyone will be taking about? You've got them in your back pocket, but you always want more. If it's inspiration you need I want to see tomorrow's tech The phrase 'early adopter' was invented for you. You love getting hands-on with next-level tech and connecting with the innovators behind it. You know your AI from your IoT and you know exactly what your company needs to get moving. If it's tech you're after I want my ideas to grow You know you’re a good bet. An up-and-coming business with ingenuity to burn who’s ready to go big. You’re old friends with risk and you're not afraid to flex your portfolio with new partners and innovation no one saw coming. No one, except you. If you’re here to start scaling I want to be where the big decisions are made Collaborating seamlessly across borders, creating technology that serves everyone, coding ethically and sustainably, regulating with purpose. If words like these resonate with you, you're not alone – especially at MWC. If it's policy you want to push Explore them all Promoted Exhibitors Book Barcelona hotels Coming to MWC26 with your team? Benefit from guaranteed best rates, unrivalled customer service and a variety of locations. Booking early with our official partner, bnetwork, ensures your whole team can stay together for smoother event set-up, travel and networking. With average savings of 35% across Barcelona’s top hotels, reserving now gives you the best choice before demand increases as March approaches. Book now Introducing Rewire! Welcome to an electrifying new podcast from the GSMA and MWC - hear from tech trailblazers at the top of their game, as they slip out of the spotlight at MWC and head backstage for an intimate chat about their moments of becoming with legendary presenter, June Sarpong OBE. Listen now Unmissable keynote highlights View the replays and key insights from the MWC25 keynote sessions View highlights Stay up to date on the latest #MWC26 news Your email address Partners & Sponsors Showcasing our valued partners and sponsors who play a key role in supporting and enhancing our initiatives. An Event Of Mobile World Capital Barcelona AI 4 Enterprise Theme Sponsor AI Nexus Theme Sponsor ConnectAI Theme Sponsor Game Changers Theme Sponsor Intelligent Infrastructure Theme Sponsor Tech4All theme sponsor Connected Industries Knowledge Partner Security Headline Sponsor Digital Planet Official Partner Official Broadcast Partner Official Media Partner Official Media Partner Official Media Partner Our flagship mobile industry and technology event, returns to Barcelona for 2026. MWC Barcelona Accessibility App Environmental programme Get in Touch Security MWC Barcelona Accessibility App Environmental programme Get in Touch Security Sponsors & Partners Media & Association Partners Technology Partners Sponsors & Partners Sponsors & Partners Media & Association Partners Technology Partners GSMA About the GSMA GSMA Intelligence GSMA Membership GSMA Mobile for Development GSMA Services Mobile World Capital Barcelona GSMA Foundry GSMA Advance GSMA About the GSMA GSMA Intelligence GSMA Membership GSMA Mobile for Development GSMA Services Mobile World Capital Barcelona GSMA Foundry GSMA Advance GSMA Events MWC Kigali MWC Las Vegas MWC Shanghai MWC Doha M360 Series 4YFN GSMA Events MWC Kigali MWC Las Vegas MWC Shanghai MWC Doha M360 Series 4YFN Legal Legal Manage Cookies Legal Legal Manage Cookies #MWC25 Copyright 2025 GSM Association. The GSMA logo is registered and owned by the GSM Association. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. ​ Close Modal