Mweb | Your Go-To Choice for Affordable Internet Packages Switch to Mweb Help Centre Outages Moving Home Email Log In Fibre Wireless Online Store More Web Hosting Domains Internet Security Voice Calling DStv Stream Premium Mailbox Log In Fibre Wireless Online Store More Web Hosting Domains Internet Security Voice Calling DStv Stream Premium Mailbox WIN a Suzuki Jimny! Order an Octotel Fibre package now to enter the draw! See the FAQs section for T&Cs. Better Internet, Better You. You deserve better internet. SAVE up to 25% for 3 months on Fibre. Better Your Entertainment Uninterrupted Fibre. Unforgettable Nights. Better Starts Here All Your Devices. One Seamless Connection. WIN a Suzuki Jimny! Order an Octotel Fibre package now to enter the draw! See the FAQs section for T&Cs. Better Internet, Better You. You deserve better internet. SAVE up to 25% for 3 months on Fibre. Better Your Entertainment Uninterrupted Fibre. Unforgettable Nights. Better Starts Here All Your Devices. One Seamless Connection. WIN a Suzuki Jimny! Order an Octotel Fibre package now to enter the draw! See the FAQs section for T&Cs. Use current location Check Availability Use current location Alternatively click here to use our interactive Fibre map. Better Internet. Better you. We are all about better internet and technology, because we know the difference it makes in our daily lives. We know Better Internet. We’ve always been at the forefront of all things Internet and have been in the business since 1997. Bigger and Better Connections. We are always expanding our horizons and adding better internet products, better value added services and better hardware. Better Support. Better Care. We have dedicated teams and systems in place to answer your every question and give you a better experience. Helping You Get Better Entertainment. Transform your entertainment experience. With our reliable and high-speed internet connections, you're always at the forefront! We know Better Internet. We’ve always been at the forefront of all things Internet and have been in the business since 1997. Bigger and Better Connections. We are always expanding our horizons and adding better internet products, better value added services and better hardware. Better Support. Better Care. We have dedicated teams and systems in place to answer your every question and give you a better experience. Helping You Get Better Entertainment. Transform your entertainment experience. With our reliable and high-speed internet connections, you're always at the forefront! We’ve got everything you need FIBRE WIRELESS SECURITY VOICE Connect your home with our Fast, Reliable Internet Choose between a variety of our Fibre deals - no matter your needs we have the solution. Complete your setup with hassle-free installation and router delivery. Perfect packages for households of any size. Get Product Get Product Download our Mweb App Legal Notices Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy ©Mweb (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.