AlfredCamera | Simple Security at Your Fingertips Your brightest savings of the year! 🎄 How it works Features Cameras Made By AlfredCamera All Cameras AlfredCam AlfredCam Plus 2 See how AlfredCam can be used alongside your spare devices . Use Cases Home Security Baby Monitor Pet Camera Elderly Care Business Security Plans Resources Help Center Blog State of Security AlfredCircle New Contact Us Go to Web service WebViewer WebCamera Simple Security At
Your Fingertips Turn your spare phones into powerful security cameras Simple Security At
Your Fingertips Turn your spare phones into powerful security cameras The Most Popular
 Home Security Camera App. 70M Downloads
 Across all platforms 4.8 Stars
 Average rating Trusted by 70 million Protect your everything now. Get App Give Your Old Devices A Second Life. Instant, powerful security. 1 Install on two phones One is the monitor, the other's the camera. 2 Pair up Use a QR code or email to pair the devices. 3 Ready to go! Feature rich security is now at your fingertips. 1. Install on two phones One is the monitor, the other's the camera. 2. Pair up Use a QR code or email to pair the devices. 3. Ready to go! Feature rich security is now at your fingertips. Need More Instructions One App For All Your Security Needs. Stay connected to your home and your loved ones. Anytime, anywhere. Live View Be there, even when you’re not Motion Detection & Notifications Get notified about the things that matter Two-way Audio Chit-chat on the go Playback, Continuous Recording Never miss a beat, now or ever Low-Light Filter Crystal clear visuals, day and night Live View Be there, even when you’re not Motion Detection & Notifications Get notified about the things that matter Two-way Audio Chit-chat on the go Playback, Continuous Recording Never miss a beat, now or ever Low-Light Filter Crystal clear visuals, day and night Learn more No Spare Phones Around?
We’ve Got You Covered. Meet AlfredCam, the perfect all-rounder for indoor surveillance. Meet AlfredCam Beyond Home Security. AlfredCamera caters to all your surveillance needs, whatever they happen to be. Baby Monitoring Watch over newborns in their cribs, or check in with the kids when they get back from school. Elderly Care Monitoring Provide more effective caregiving, even when you can’t be there in-person. Home Security Protect what’s inside and outside your home: valuables, vehicles, and the people you cherish. Pet Monitoring Keep a watchful eye on pets—and the furniture they destroy when you’re not around. Business Monitoring Monitor small business places with ease, so you can focus on maximizing productivity. Heartfelt stories from everyday heroes. The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. Thank you guys so much and it's awesome. The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. ...More Lucian Aguirre I will forever be grateful for this app. Was staying at an AIRBNB and was a little skeptical about people we were renting from. I set up camera to monitor the room while I was out. While out, the alarm sounded on my phone letting me know there was movement in the room. I watched live footage of what was taking place and it was my girlfriend. I watched her for a few minutes when all of the sudden she took a couple steps backwards and dropped to the floor. I got on my Harley and rushed there. I was able to perform mouth to mouth and CPR on her till paramedics arrived. This app saved her life. If it weren’t for this app, she wouldn’t have made it. ...More Ray Osborne I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did. First of all, thank you for this app. I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did, he had falling and wasn’t able to get up. I rushed home and got him his walker and all was well. I’m glad I live next door to my dad. ...More Cheryl Glenn “AlfredCamera is watching you” I live it a rural area and there are no street lights at all. There have been several break-ins in the area lately. I use my AlfredCamera to see who is approaching my house at night. And I put up a sign warning people that they are on camera. “AlfredCamera is watching you” ...More Abby Villanueva Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! I just LOVE AlfredCamera because it reassures me my babies are safe! I have 6 dogs & they are my big babies. Problem is they don't get along anymore so they keep their own space. AlfredCamera helps me relax by letting me check in on them visually & with audio so I know if there's barking, howling, whimpering. Plus, I can talk to them & get them to calm down with the speaker function (still freaks some out when they hear me but can't find me, lol!) Also, I have it positioned in a small peephole pane of glass in the front door so when the camera is flipped to the rear, I can check who comes to my front door! Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! ...More Kamil Gamble I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I was living in a domestic violence shelter, with my service dog and child last summer. I noticed things of mine were going missing. I had used AlfredCamera in the past to watch over my pet if he were home alone or when my child was napping. I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I hate thieves, especially when you are all alone and scared in an unfamiliar place. I fled my abuser and had almost nothing just like all the other women there. She was told she had to leave, and from then on there was not another problem. ...More Blaine Mcguire I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby. It has been a lifesaver! Doggy Nanny Cam! My 2 year old Great Dane, Archer, is too big for a cage or kennel. So with the help of AlfredCamera, I can safely give Archer his own bedroom. I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby when I am not home. It has been a lifesaver! Literally! About a year ago, I was able to rush home the moment I found the dog trying to eat a dryer sheet that must have been stuck to his bedding. I used the speaker feature to tell him to stop chewing on it and got home before he could swallow anything dangerous! Although.... It does look a little strange when I am sitting in a restaurant yelling at my phone "BAD DOG....PUT THAT DOWN!" LOL! ...More Savannah Dennis AlfredCamera has been a huge help for people with epilepsy! I have had epilepsy for 25 years and most of my seizures occur at night thus I do not know when I have them all. I have use this to record myself sleeping, and when the motion activation is used it begins recording when a seizure happens, providing info I can share with my doctors. I have also mentioned this app to epilepsy groups as a possible aid for others who need help. ...More Halle Wolf It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. I evacuated to an evacuation center when Typhoon No. 19 came, but I was worried about the situation in my room during that time. I installed this app so I could grasp the situation of my room even when I was out. It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. ...More Philippa Lynn The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. Thank you guys so much and it's awesome. The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. ...More Lucian Aguirre I will forever be grateful for this app. Was staying at an AIRBNB and was a little skeptical about people we were renting from. I set up camera to monitor the room while I was out. While out, the alarm sounded on my phone letting me know there was movement in the room. I watched live footage of what was taking place and it was my girlfriend. I watched her for a few minutes when all of the sudden she took a couple steps backwards and dropped to the floor. I got on my Harley and rushed there. I was able to perform mouth to mouth and CPR on her till paramedics arrived. This app saved her life. If it weren’t for this app, she wouldn’t have made it. ...More Ray Osborne I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did. First of all, thank you for this app. I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did, he had falling and wasn’t able to get up. I rushed home and got him his walker and all was well. I’m glad I live next door to my dad. ...More Cheryl Glenn “AlfredCamera is watching you” I live it a rural area and there are no street lights at all. There have been several break-ins in the area lately. I use my AlfredCamera to see who is approaching my house at night. And I put up a sign warning people that they are on camera. “AlfredCamera is watching you” ...More Abby Villanueva Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! I just LOVE AlfredCamera because it reassures me my babies are safe! I have 6 dogs & they are my big babies. Problem is they don't get along anymore so they keep their own space. AlfredCamera helps me relax by letting me check in on them visually & with audio so I know if there's barking, howling, whimpering. Plus, I can talk to them & get them to calm down with the speaker function (still freaks some out when they hear me but can't find me, lol!) Also, I have it positioned in a small peephole pane of glass in the front door so when the camera is flipped to the rear, I can check who comes to my front door! Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! ...More Kamil Gamble I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I was living in a domestic violence shelter, with my service dog and child last summer. I noticed things of mine were going missing. I had used AlfredCamera in the past to watch over my pet if he were home alone or when my child was napping. I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I hate thieves, especially when you are all alone and scared in an unfamiliar place. I fled my abuser and had almost nothing just like all the other women there. She was told she had to leave, and from then on there was not another problem. ...More Blaine Mcguire I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby. It has been a lifesaver! Doggy Nanny Cam! My 2 year old Great Dane, Archer, is too big for a cage or kennel. So with the help of AlfredCamera, I can safely give Archer his own bedroom. I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby when I am not home. It has been a lifesaver! Literally! About a year ago, I was able to rush home the moment I found the dog trying to eat a dryer sheet that must have been stuck to his bedding. I used the speaker feature to tell him to stop chewing on it and got home before he could swallow anything dangerous! Although.... It does look a little strange when I am sitting in a restaurant yelling at my phone "BAD DOG....PUT THAT DOWN!" LOL! ...More Savannah Dennis AlfredCamera has been a huge help for people with epilepsy! I have had epilepsy for 25 years and most of my seizures occur at night thus I do not know when I have them all. I have use this to record myself sleeping, and when the motion activation is used it begins recording when a seizure happens, providing info I can share with my doctors. I have also mentioned this app to epilepsy groups as a possible aid for others who need help. ...More Halle Wolf It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. I evacuated to an evacuation center when Typhoon No. 19 came, but I was worried about the situation in my room during that time. I installed this app so I could grasp the situation of my room even when I was out. It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. ...More Philippa Lynn The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. Thank you guys so much and it's awesome. The neighborhood is a safer and more kid friendly place because of AlfredCamera. ...More Lucian Aguirre I will forever be grateful for this app. Was staying at an AIRBNB and was a little skeptical about people we were renting from. I set up camera to monitor the room while I was out. While out, the alarm sounded on my phone letting me know there was movement in the room. I watched live footage of what was taking place and it was my girlfriend. I watched her for a few minutes when all of the sudden she took a couple steps backwards and dropped to the floor. I got on my Harley and rushed there. I was able to perform mouth to mouth and CPR on her till paramedics arrived. This app saved her life. If it weren’t for this app, she wouldn’t have made it. ...More Ray Osborne I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did. First of all, thank you for this app. I watch my dad thru AlfredCamera at home and he is 89 years old. I checked on him and thank god I did, he had falling and wasn’t able to get up. I rushed home and got him his walker and all was well. I’m glad I live next door to my dad. ...More Cheryl Glenn “AlfredCamera is watching you” I live it a rural area and there are no street lights at all. There have been several break-ins in the area lately. I use my AlfredCamera to see who is approaching my house at night. And I put up a sign warning people that they are on camera. “AlfredCamera is watching you” ...More Abby Villanueva Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! I just LOVE AlfredCamera because it reassures me my babies are safe! I have 6 dogs & they are my big babies. Problem is they don't get along anymore so they keep their own space. AlfredCamera helps me relax by letting me check in on them visually & with audio so I know if there's barking, howling, whimpering. Plus, I can talk to them & get them to calm down with the speaker function (still freaks some out when they hear me but can't find me, lol!) Also, I have it positioned in a small peephole pane of glass in the front door so when the camera is flipped to the rear, I can check who comes to my front door! Like a smart doorbell & pet monitor in one! ...More Kamil Gamble I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I was living in a domestic violence shelter, with my service dog and child last summer. I noticed things of mine were going missing. I had used AlfredCamera in the past to watch over my pet if he were home alone or when my child was napping. I set AlfredCamera up and left for a walk. Within a few minutes I caught the thief on film. I hate thieves, especially when you are all alone and scared in an unfamiliar place. I fled my abuser and had almost nothing just like all the other women there. She was told she had to leave, and from then on there was not another problem. ...More Blaine Mcguire I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby. It has been a lifesaver! Doggy Nanny Cam! My 2 year old Great Dane, Archer, is too big for a cage or kennel. So with the help of AlfredCamera, I can safely give Archer his own bedroom. I have 2 old cell phones set up as AlfredCamera cameras to watch over my baby when I am not home. It has been a lifesaver! Literally! About a year ago, I was able to rush home the moment I found the dog trying to eat a dryer sheet that must have been stuck to his bedding. I used the speaker feature to tell him to stop chewing on it and got home before he could swallow anything dangerous! Although.... It does look a little strange when I am sitting in a restaurant yelling at my phone "BAD DOG....PUT THAT DOWN!" LOL! ...More Savannah Dennis AlfredCamera has been a huge help for people with epilepsy! I have had epilepsy for 25 years and most of my seizures occur at night thus I do not know when I have them all. I have use this to record myself sleeping, and when the motion activation is used it begins recording when a seizure happens, providing info I can share with my doctors. I have also mentioned this app to epilepsy groups as a possible aid for others who need help. ...More Halle Wolf It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. I evacuated to an evacuation center when Typhoon No. 19 came, but I was worried about the situation in my room during that time. I installed this app so I could grasp the situation of my room even when I was out. It is very convenient because you can check the status of your room. ...More Philippa Lynn You deserve a safer home. Get a month of Premium for the price of a cup of coffee. Stay in the know alfredCamera in the media. Apps such as Alfred can turn old phones into makeshift security cameras you can check remotely from your current phone or from the web. Alfred is free to use and gives you a remote view of your live feed, motion detection with alerts, a two-way audio feed and use of both the front and rear cameras. If you’re looking for the best security cam app to turn an old phone into a security asset, Alfred is your pick. This excellently designed app is installed on two phones — one for using your phone’s camera as a security cam, and one for controlling all of your settings and viewing footage. You don't need to spend money on a new security camera —an old smartphone will do as long as it can still connect to Wi-Fi. Just download a camera app (we like Alfred) to both your old phone and your new phone. Apps such as Alfred can turn old phones into makeshift security cameras you can check remotely from your current phone or from the web. Alfred is free to use and gives you a remote view of your live feed, motion detection with alerts, a two-way audio feed and use of both the front and rear cameras. If you’re looking for the best security cam app to turn an old phone into a security asset, Alfred is your pick. This excellently designed app is installed on two phones — one for using your phone’s camera as a security cam, and one for controlling all of your settings and viewing footage. You don't need to spend money on a new security camera —an old smartphone will do as long as it can still connect to Wi-Fi. Just download a camera app (we like Alfred) to both your old phone and your new phone. Apps such as Alfred can turn old phones into makeshift security cameras you can check remotely from your current phone or from the web. Level Up Your Security Knowledge. Unboxing AlfredCam: Brilliant Security on a Budget AlfredCamera has taken its first steps into the world of hardware camera releases with AlfredCam, a remarkably affordable and thoughtfully-designed security option that gets the basics just right. Get to know AlfredCam in our overview below. View all blog posts English ​ © 2025 Alfred Systems Inc. Company About Us Terms of Service Privacy Contact Us Press Center Affiliate Program Products AlfredCam AlfredCam Plus 2 AlfredCamera iOS AlfredCamera Android AlfredCamera Web AlfredCircle New Support Blog FAQ Payment Methods Shipping & Delivery Warranty & Return Track Your Order Get the app Follow us Company About Us Terms of Service Privacy Contact Us Press Center Affiliate Program Products AlfredCam AlfredCam Plus 2 AlfredCamera iOS AlfredCamera Android AlfredCamera Web AlfredCircle New Support Blog FAQ Payment Methods Shipping & Delivery Warranty & Return Track Your Order Get the app English ​ © 2025 Alfred Systems Inc.