Acca Insurance Offers: Best Bookmakers to Choose From Menu Acca insurance Online Casino Bonus Terms Articles Contact Us Acca Insurance Offers: Best Bookmakers to Choose From There are many people who place accumulator bets every single day in the hope of winning big. The bookmakers who take these bets are all fighting for business off you and because of that they offer a special offer sometimes on accumulators. This is known as acca insurance and offers a great back up for if your bet loses. Many bookmakers are now offering this, and if you bet accumulators on a regular basis you need to make sure you are with a bookmaker who offers the insurance. 
Landing an accumulator is difficult to do, so you need to make sure you have everything in your favour. That means as well as making sure you take the best odds, look out for acca insurance offers to give you a consolation if your bet loses and you qualify. With so many bookmakers offering these it is important you choose the right one that suits your betting style, so take a look at the list below. Score 9.8 Get Up To £100 In FREE Bets 754 Claim Now Review 9.8 Bet £10 Get £30 in Free Bets! 693 Claim Now Review 9.6 Bet 10 Get 30 Sign-up Offer 720 Claim Now Review 9.6 Free bet up to £25 962 Claim Now Review 9.6 Bet £10 Get £30 in Free Bets 711 Claim Now Review 9.5 £20 Sign Up Bonus 689 Claim Now Review 9.5 £35 Free Bet 677 Claim Now Review 9.4 £20 Free Bet 734 Claim Now Review 9.4 £50+ £10 Sports Betting 708 Claim Now Review 9.3 Up to £200 Bonus. 687 Claim Now Review Acca insurance function refunds your stake in cash Betfair Get Up To £100 In FREE Bets Acca Insurance: If you lose your accumulator by one, you get your money back. read more claim offer William Hill Bet £10 Get £30 in Free Bets! Acca Insurance: If just one selection fails then you'll be given your stake back as a free bet. read more claim offer 888 Sport Bet 10 Get 30 Sign-up Offer Acca Insurance: free bet if one misses on American sports. read more claim offer Ladbrokes Free bet up to £25 Place A 5+ Team Accumulator And Get Money Back As A Free Bet Up To £25 If One Side Lets You Down read more claim offer What is Acca Insurance? Acca insurance is a consolation offered by many different bookmakers to give you something back when your accumulator bets fails by one selection. An accumulator is very difficult to land, so to help you out, bookmakers are bringing in offers on them and this is a great safety net offer that you need to be taking advantage of. Many different bookmakers offer slightly different types of acca offers, and they also cover different sports so it is important to have a look into what each bookmaker offers. The main sport you will see acca insurance offered is football, but expect to see it offered on the various American sports and golf too. Claim Offer Those who place accumulator bets need to make sure they are receiving the acca insurance right now, and if you are not then you need to change your bookmaker. If you have never been covered before, think back about all the times you placed a bet and were let down by one selection. On those occasions you could have been receiving a free bet from your bookmaker to pay for your next accumulator, which would have saved you some money. This is what acca insurance is, saving money on your bets at the beste online casino using the free bets you get. You don’t have to change how you bet, simply keep placing your accumulator bets, but move to a bookmaker offering acca insurance and start reaping the rewards they give you. Even if you take advantage of acca insurance just once a month, and you stake £10 per bet, that would be a saving of over £100 a year, all of which goes into your profit total. This is a huge amount of money and it could also be the difference between making a profit and a loss from your betting. When you are placing accumulator bets, you know how difficult they are to land. Therefore you need everything in your favour if you want to make a profit and one of those things you can get in your favour is acca insurance. This is something you can do for yourself simply by choosing to bet with the right bookmaker, so make sure you check whether you already receive acca insurance, and if you don’t you need to change bookmakers. Acca insurance is so important it could be the difference maker when it comes to making a profit, so make sure you get on board now. This introduction should be enough to help you understand the acca insurance meaning. Claim Now Best Bookmakers' Acca Offers and Accumulator Insurance Acca insurance is not just limited to one bookmaker, many different bookmakers all have their own offers that you can take advantage of. When you are looking for a bookmaker to use, first of all make sure they offer acca insurance and then secondly make sure they offer the insurance on the sport that you bet on. There are many different bookmakers to choose from, and at least one will suit the way you bet, so take a look below at what is on offer so you can start taking advantage of acca insurance, before you miss out on any more free bets. That's right, let's see some of the best acca bets out there. Ladbrokes 5+ Footy Insurance There is nothing worse than placing a football accumulator bet and losing out because one selection lets you down. The acca insurance offered by Ladbrokes prevents that from happening, leaving you safe in the knowledge that although you will not win your bet, you will receive compensation for your near miss in the form of a free bet. If you are a regular football accumulator punter then it makes sense to put yourself somewhere that gives you the best deal, and Ladbrokes look after their football accumulator punters with their offer. Landing a big football accumulator can be very difficult, so you need to find all the help you can and the Ladbrokes 5+ footy insurance offer is just one way of helping yourself. It doesn’t matter what leagues you like to bet on, you can take advantage of acca insurance with Ladbrokes anywhere around the world you are betting, as long as it is a football game. Next time you are planning your football accumulator, remember the acca insurance offer available at Ladbrokes and make sure you get yourself the best deal. Placing an acca bet is hard enough, without making it harder for yourself, so head to Ladbrokes and get a little help. Betfair Acca Edge Give You Cash Back What is acca edge? Betfair are one of the few bookmakers who give you cash back into your account as your acca insurance instead of giving you a free bet. This is fantastic, and means you don’t have to spend the money on your next accumulator insurance if you don’t wish to. This is very generous from them and something that all accumulator punters should be looking to take advantage of. If you place bets on football on a regular basis and you place accumulators then you need to make sure you are giving yourself a great deal by using a bookmaker who offers acca insurance. Betting on football can prove to be very difficult, but with acca insurance on your side it does become easier and it has turned into a vital consolation for football punters, with many taking advantage each week. Make sure you are the next to take advantage of this great offer, which gives you cash back, not free bets, when one selection lets you down in your next football accumulator. When it comes to placing bets, remember about acca insurance at Betfair and take that into consideration so that you give yourself the very best deal you can, and you give yourself the best chance of winning money. Get Accumulator Insurance at Coral Coral are one bookmaker who are giving out acca insurance to their punters on the football bets they place. This is a great offer and one that a lot of football punters are taking advantage of, and seeing free bets as a consolation for losing out by one selection. These free bets can pay for further accumulator bets, saving you money which means you are more likely to finish in profit for your football betting. If you are a regular football punter then you need to make sure you have as much as possible going in your favour. Just as important as making sure you get the best odds is to make sure you are covered by accumulator insurance, something that Coral offers. With things like this in your favour, you are more likely to be a profitable punter and that is why we all place bets on a weekly basis, because we want to win money. 
Next time you are placing a football accumulator, make sure you getting yourself the very best deal, and that must include acca insurance. You will have lost by one selection on many occasions in the past, like every punter has so change where you bet to make sure you pick something up for those near misses, instead of recording another loss. Take Advantage of William Hill’s All Sports Acca Insurance William Hill have taken acca insurance one step further than most, by making it available to those who bet on any sport with them. This means you can take advantage of acca insurance on sports like tennis and rugby, as well as football. This means more and more people can take advantage and receive a free bet back if their accumulator loses by just one, no matter what the sport is. This will save you money on your betting, and make you a more profitable gambler if you take advantage of it on a regular basis. Any regular accumulator backer needs to be looking at William Hill and thinking about placing their bets with them. This will give you an edge no matter what sport you are betting on, and looking for the edge against the bookmakers is something we all do and something you need to find if you are to make your betting a success. Taking out acca insurance across a wide variety of sports could be the difference between you making a small profit or making a big profit, so make sure you take advantage every time you possibly can. When you are placing your next bet, no matter what the sport it, think about the William Hill acca insurance and how it could help you make your betting more profitable in the long run. Football Accumulator Insurance from Bet365 With so many different offers from the bookmakers available for you to take advantage of, you need to constantly check that you are receiving the best deal when you are betting. The acca insurance offered by Bet365 is one offer that you need to take advantage of and a big part in making sure you are getting a good deal from your bookmaker. If your football accumulator loses by one, then the Bet365 acca insurance offer will step in and give you a free bet as a consolation prize. There are many punters around the world placing accumulator bets on a daily basis and not everyone will know about, or take advantage of the acca insurance that is available. It is vital you do this, it will help your betting, make you more profit all without changing the type of bet you place or the stakes you play. Taking out acca insurance has changed many people’s betting for the good, so make sure you join them and start taking advantage today, so you can receive free bets from Bet365. Next time you place an accumulator, check you have the best odds available and check you are covered with acca insurance. This is vital to being a successful punter and something that everyone should be doing. Those who aren’t doing this, are not getting the best deal on their bets right now. American Sports Acca Insurance at 888Sport If you like to bet on American sports then you will be pleased to know that 888Sport cover those sports in their acca insurance. From the NFL, to the NBA, NHL and MLB they have everything covered, giving American sports fans the chance to get the best deal on their betting and one that could save them some money and make them more profitable. If your accumulator loses by just one selection on any of these sports, you can claim back a free bet to place on your next accumulator. Many punters out there will bet on these sports without accumulator insurance and those punters are not receiving the best deal. It is vital that you shop around when betting now, with so much available to punters as bookmakers like 888Sport try to win business. Those who bet on American sports should not be looking anywhere else, acca insurance on their bets is a huge offer and one that must be taken advantage of. This will give you a return of free bets every time you miss out by one. Next time you are putting together your American sports accumulator, think about the acca insurance offer and what it can do for you. It is vital you choose the best deal for your betting, and taking advantage of acca insurance with 888Sport is one way to do that. Accumulator Insurance with BetVictor There are many different offers on the market for punters to take advantage of but one of the most important to look at is accumulator insurance. This offer is a consolation offer that gives you your money back as a free bet if your accumulator misses by one selection. This is a great offer and will help you get over the disappointment of being so close to a big win, only to be let down by one team, something every single punter has felt before in the past. If you place a lot of accumulator bets then this offer is going to really change your betting, making you more profitable because you can use free bets as stake, instead of real money. By taking advantage of accumulator insurance just a few times a year could save you enough money to put you in profit with your betting, instead of breaking even, or perhaps even losing a little. This is how important acca insurance is, and how big an impact it can have on your betting so be sure to look into taking it out with BetVictor. When it comes to the time you place your bet, make sure you look to see whether or not you are covered with acca insurance, and if you aren’t then you need to consider the offer from BetVictor. Acca insurance can be the difference between losing and winning with your betting, don’t ignore it any longer. Betway’s Acca Insurance Offer Taking advantage of an offer to help improve your betting has never been so easy. One offer you can take advantage of is Betway’s acca insurance, which protects you when you place an accumulator bet with them. We have all felt the disappointment of losing out by one in the past and this offer gives you a free bet as a consolation for being so close. It is a great way to make your betting profitable and earn yourself free bets for being close to winning a nice amount. Those who place a lot of accumulator bets are going to love what this offer gives them. If you are one of those punters who bets in accumulators nearly all the time then you are going to see a big change in your betting. When you receive free bets back for being close, simply put them on the next accumulator you want to back and that will save you the cost of the bet, making you far more profitable, which is what we all want from gambling. When the time is right to place your next accumulator bet, check you have found yourself the best offers and odds you possibly can. That should involve making sure you have got acca insurance on the bet to cover you just in case you come very close to landing a big win. NFL Accumulator Insurance with Unibet Many people place accumulator bets on the NFL each week during the season but many of those often forget to think about covering themselves with acca insurance. This is a great offer, which gives you a free bet equal to your stake amount if you lose out by one selection on your bet. While everyone who places an accumulator wants to win, we all know that is not possible every time, so taking out this insurance is a good idea if you bet accumulators regularly. Those of you who do place regular NFL accumulators will really be able to take advantage of acca insurance with Unibet. This offer doesn’t enhance the odds you receive, but it can still have a huge impact on your betting profit. If you receive ten free bets throughout the season, because you missed out by one and you stake £10 per bet, that is £100 that you didn’t have to spend on stakes, making your betting more profitable by £100. This is why taking out acca insurance is so important and why so many people are now turning to it in an attempt to improve their betting. Next time you are ready to place your accumulator bets, make sure you think about the acca insurance offer from Unibet, this could give your betting profit a great boost. Take Advantage of Accumulator Insurance with Winner Winner offer accumulator insurance to their customers on a number of different sports which includes football and golf. This is great for punters who place bets on those sports, and something you need to be looking at taking advantage of. The Winner acca insurance offer is something that can enhance your betting, and make it more profitable so it makes sense to take advantage of it. If you are a punter who regularly places an accumulator bet on various sports then the Winner acca insurance offer is certainly something that will help your betting. Simply place a bet on one of the sports that they cover with their acca insurance and if you lose by one selection you will receive a free bet from them to place on your next bet. This means you don’t have to spend real cash, which means you are staking less, which in turn will make your betting more profitable in the long run. When it comes to placing your accumulator bets, you need to make sure you get the best deal by taking advantage of the Winner acca insurance that is on offer. This will enhance your betting, make you more profitable and give you the best deal possible, which is what we are all after. Many bookies provide their custommers with rather lucrative betting options, while some of them also give access to casino games with free slots no deposit win real money in particular. Claim Offer The Different Types of Acca Insurance There are many types of acca insurance for you to take advantage of, but they all cover you in the same basic way. This is that they all cover you if you place an accumulator bet and you lose because one selection let you down. This is the basic way all acca insurance offers work, it doesn’t matter how many selections you have as long as you have the minimum required to qualify for the offer. You could have six winners out of seven, or 19 winners out of 20, it doesn’t matter and the acca insurance will still work in the same way. You can take out acca insurance on a range of different sports, depending on the bookmaker you bet with. Some bookmakers offer acca insurance across every single sport, while others focus on football only and some of them focus on American sports. Depending on how you bet and what sports you stake the most on will depend which bookmaker and type of insurance you need to go for, this involves taking a look and seeing what is available out there for you to have. Regardless of the sport you take out acca insurance on, it still works in the same way, you will be given your stake back as a free bet if you lose by one selection. You will notice that when you start to look at the different accumulator insurance offers out there that they all have different minimum stakes required to qualify and different maximum free bets given. This is something else you need to consider, you need to find a bookmaker that matches the stakes you currently play If you place £10 accumulator bets, then signing up with someone who only rewards up to £5 back in free bets is not enough for you, look for someone who will give you your full £10 back as a free bet for next time you play. The final thing to consider when looking at the different accumulator insurance offers out there is how many selections you need to put in your bet for you to qualify. This can be anything from three to six, but if you choose the same amount of selection each week then it is vital you match your number of selections with the right bookmaker who will reward you. This means you will not be changing the way you bet, just so you qualify for the acca insurance, you will be able to continue betting in exactly the same way as you have done before. How Does Acca Insurance Work and How to Take Advantage? When you take a look at the list of acca insurance offers available you will see that although they are different, they all work in the same way. With just a small amount of differences between each one, it is easy for punters to understand how they work and what to expect when they place bets with the different acca insurance bookies. You will notice some differences that you have to look out for, but here is our general guide showing you how to place an acca insurance bet, and a look at how refunds are worked out when you lose. How to Place a Successful Acca Insurance Qualifying Bet Of course, the most important part about the acca insurance offer is that you place a bet that qualifies for the offer and fulfils all the criteria needed. The majority of bookmakers all ask for the same criteria to be complete, although there are some differences to this with some bookmakers, so you must always check out what your bookmaker requires before placing your bets. The first thing to do is make sure you are placing a bet that has five or more selections in it, this is generally the amount of selections needed to qualify. Secondly, make sure you reach the minimum odds total required, many bookmakers require you to hit a certain minimum odd number for the bet to be eligible for acca insurance. Thirdly, make sure the sport you are betting on is covered by the bookmaker, this is usually football with the majority of bookmakers, although some are now offering acca insurance on a range of other sports. The final check is to make sure the selections you have chosen are from the outlined markets that can be found in the terms and conditions of the acca insurance offer you are taking advantage of. Claim How Bookmakers Deal with Refunds and Pay You Out When you are starting to take advantage of the acca insurance offers that are available it is important you understand what is required to trigger the pay out, and when to expect it. In most cases the refund you will receive will only be paid out when one selection in your bet lets you down. The other thing to remember here is that in the majority of cases you will receive a free bet back for you to spend, not actual cash going back into your account. The free bet you receive will always be the total of the original stake you placed. However, there may be a maximum cap on this, so you may not get the full amount of what you staked. For example if you have placed a £30 accumulator and the maximum free bet offer is £20 then you will only receive a free bet voucher of £20  as your consolation bonus. You will notice the maximum refund amounts when you are looking at the acca insurance offers that are out there, the majority are between £20 and £50. If you are a large staking punter then make sure you find a bookmaker who will give you all, or the majority of your money back. There are three ways your bet can end, and each of those three ways can result in something different happening. Our examples below will help you work out when you are due a refund, when you win a bet and when you lose so take a look at them. However, remember to use the best acca betting sites out there to make sure you are on the right path to winning. If you win If you are lucky enough to place an accumulator that wins then you will not receive any money back because you have won the bet. Should you win then the insurance offer is not needed and not paid out. If you lose by two or more legs If you lose, but two or more legs let you down then you are not eligible for the acca insurance. This is because the insurance is there to pay out when you lose by one leg, you haven’t done that this time around, so you won’t get anything back. If you lose by one leg This is when the insurance offer kicks in, because you have lost by just one leg. You have come extremely close to winning, but not quite close enough. In this instance you will be given a free bet to the value of your stake for you to use next time you wish to place a bet. You were wondering how does acca insurance work. There you go, you have the answer! Acca Betting Fully Explained Despite the accumulator bet being one of the most popular bets placed anywhere in the world, some people may be new to it and may not know what it is all about. For those people we will explain everything you need to know here, we will answer the important questions and get you ready to place your very own accumulator bets. This also means taking advantage of the acca insurance offers that are out there, if you are placing accumulator bets then this is something you must do. The first thing to look at is what you actually do when you place an accumulator bet. When you place an accumulator you are betting on numerous teams to win, all in one bet. The cost of the bet is one unit stake, so for example a £10 accumulator will cost you £10. It is a single bet, and every single one of the selections you include in the bet must win for you to see any returns. For example, if you have four selections right out of eight then you will receive nothing back, despite having four winners. An accumulator works by adding up the total selections and their odds to create one huge pay out. For example, if your stake is £10 then you are placing a £10 single on that selection to win. Should it win then your winnings plus the £10 stake all go onto your second selection, if that wins it all goes onto the third selection and so on, depending on the amount of selection you have. Your money accumulates and rolls onto the next selection, which is where the name accumulator comes from. If your accumulator wins then you are set to land a very nice return due to how the bet works. However, if you lose then if your loss is just by one selection, you could find yourself winning a free bet as a result of this. You can do this by taking advantage of acca insurance, an offer created by bookmakers that gives you your stake back as a free bet if you miss out by one selection. If you miss out by more than one selection then you will receive nothing back, but if you are betting with a bookie who offers acca insurance, you will see something if you only lose by one. Acca insurance is a great way to cover your accumulator bet and if you are going to start placing accumulators then you need to sign up with a bookmaker who offers acca insurance. Claim Now The Most Common Acca Insurance Terms and Conditions As ever when you place a bet with a bookmaker and you are taking advantage of an offer with them, there are many terms and conditions to adhere to which you will find on the bookmaker’s website. You will need to adhere to these terms and conditions if you want to make yourself eligible for the acca insurance so make sure you are familiar with what your bookie requires. These acca insurance terms and conditions include things like minimum stake, minimum odds and maximum free bet amount given, all of which you need to know about so read up to avoid making a mistake. When you place an accumulator bet and you want to take advantage of the acca insurance offer with your bookmaker you need to match the minimum stake amount that they have in place. This can be £5 or £10, but if you don’t reach that amount on your bet then you will not be eligible to receive the acca insurance. Make sure you read about this before you place your bet, otherwise you could be thinking you are covered when actually you aren’t. Some bookmakers also put a limit on the minimum odds needed to activate the acca insurance offer. This can either be on each individual selection, or on the bet overall, if it is the bet overall then the minimum odds required are usually evens. On each selection it is usually 1/4 or 1/2, but to be on the safe side and to make sure you are covered it is always best to read up on the rules your bookmaker has in place, and of course make sure you stick to them. One of the other common terms and conditions bookmakers put on their acca insurance offers is that they will only pay out a maximum free bet amount, regardless of what you staked originially. Some people won’t be affected by this, and if you stake £10 then you will receive back a £10 free bet, however some bigger staking punters may be affected depending on their bookie. Some cap the maximum free bet at £25, while others cap it at £50. If you stake somewhere around these figures then it is vital you check out each bookmaker, make sure you go with one who will give you your total stake back as a free bet, this could cost you money if you don’t check it out. Acca Insurance FAQ – All You Need to Know Does acca insurance pay me the winnings for those selections that did win? No, acca insurance is insurance on your bet, not a pay out as a winner. If you take out acca insurance then you will receive a free bet back to the value of your stake, you will not receive any winnings from the bet. This is because the bet is a loser, and you are not being paid out for that, instead you receive an offer which entitles you to a free bet. Is there a limit to the number of acca insurances I can take advantage of? Some bookmakers limit the number of acca insurance claims you can make per day, so make sure you check out this when you are placing your bets. The majority will now pay out on all the bets you place, but it is always best to check with your individual bookmaker, and then compare it with others to ensure you are getting the best deal available to you. Can I select anything I want in my accumulator if I am using acca insurance? No, you need to make sure that what you select is covered by your bookmaker. The sport is the first thing to check, some bookmakers only cover football while others cover every sport. The second thing to check is the markets, this is usually limited to the traditional win markets, so if you choose something else like a first goal scorer or a correct score then you will not be covered by acca insurance. That's it! You've finished reading this comprehensive article about the acca betting meaning & the intricacies that go along with it for each bookmaker. Claim Now Last Articles Amazing Vegas World in Slot Game read more Stan James Bookmaker Offers read more Betfred Acca Insurance read more Acca insurance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Articles Contact Us About us Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Responsibile Gaming Secure Betting MyAccaInsurance © 2025