Brightwheel | The Best Childcare Management Software & App Skip to main content Limited Time: New Year, New Promos – Schedule Your Demo Now! Who we serve Preschools You own or manage a preschool with an educational program Multisite centers You own or manage multiple locations Switching to brightwheel Fast easy onboarding, no matter what you use today In-home child care You provide childcare services from your home Camps & afterschool programs You provide extended childcare before or after school Childcare centers You provide care for children including supervision, feeding, and naps Montessori Your program is based on Montessori principles Starting a new center? 1:1 coaching support to get set up and open on time Government & network partners Partner with us to bring brightwheel to providers in your state or network Features Billing & finances Billing & payments Childcare invoice Childcare receipts Expense management Staff & family management Communication Daily report Staff scheduling Classroom management Payroll Mobile app Learning & curriculum Experience curriculum Lesson plans Daily schedules Progress report Site management Enrollment and admissions Center management Attendance and check-in Childcare forms CACFP management Daily health checks Resources Customer stories Millions of educators and families love brightwheel Early education and childcare resources All the tools you need to run a successful early education program Webinars Live and recorded training opportunities for early childhood educators Childcare templates & tools Free printable resources to save you time while managing your childcare program Blog Ideas and inspiration to help you run an amazing early education center Help center Expertise and assistance from the brightwheel support team Pricing Login Get a demo Get a demo Request pricing Who we serve Preschools Multisite centers Switching to brightwheel In-home child care Camps & afterschool programs Childcare centers Montessori Starting a new center? Government & network partners Features Billing & finances Billing & payments Childcare invoice Childcare receipts Expense management Staff & family management Communication Daily report Staff scheduling Classroom management Payroll Mobile app Learning & curriculum Experience curriculum Lesson plans Daily schedules Progress report Site management Enrollment and admissions Center management Attendance and check-in Childcare forms CACFP management Daily health checks Resources Customer stories Early education and childcare resources Webinars Childcare templates & tools Blog Help center Pricing Get a demo Login Book a demo to save time and energy with brightwheel Pick up where you left off First, tell us about yourself. 1 of 7 I’m an admin or director I’m a staff member I’m a parent or guardian Continue Pick up where you left off What brings you here today? 2 of 7 I’m interested in brightwheel I want to log in to my account I want to create an account Continue Back Pick up where you left off Are you open and operating? 3 of 7 Yes No Continue Back Pick up where you left off What is your program’s maximum enrollment capacity? 4 of 7 1-9 students 10-19 students 20-99 students 100+ students Other Continue Back Pick up where you left off How many locations does your program have? 5 of 7 1 location 2 or more locations Continue Back Pick up where you left off What’s your email? 6 of 7 Email * Continue Back Pick up where you left off Lastly, what’s your contact information? 7 of 7 First name * Last name * Organization Name * Phone * Alabama Alberta Alaska Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington District of Columbia West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon American Samoa Guam Northern Mariana Islands Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands Other State / Region * By checking this box, you agree that brightwheel may contact you by phone call, SMS, or email at the contact information you provide, for informational and marketing purposes consistent with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Your consent to receive text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Reply STOP to opt out or HELP for help. Request your demo Back #1 childcare management software More time with children. Less time on admin. More time with children. Less time on admin. First, tell us about yourself. I’m an admin or director I’m a staff member I’m a parent or guardian Already use brightwheel? Join your school See why brightwheel is the #1 childcare software for ECE programs 4.9 |
			100,000+ reviews Why millions of educators and families love brightwheel #1 childcare software Ranked as leading childcare center software based on external reviews. Easy to use & save time Simplify administrative tasks with brightwheel and save up to 20 hours per month. Automatic billing & payments 90% of preschools report that more families pay on time with brightwheel. Quality connections 95% of administrators & staff report brightwheel improves communication with families. #1 childcare software Ranked as leading childcare center software based on external reviews. Easy to use & save time Simplify administrative tasks with brightwheel and save up to 20 hours per month. Automatic billing & payments 90% of preschools report that more families pay on time with brightwheel. Quality connections 95% of administrators & staff report brightwheel improves communication with families. Trusted by thousands of leading early childhood education programs Your complete preschool & childcare management system Billing & finances Simplify billing and get paid faster Easily set up and automate billing Give families a way to securely pay tuition online Track subsidy payments across multiple agencies Stay on top of your finances and year-end taxes See all billing features Communication Build quality connections with families and staff Give staff an easy tool to communicate with families, administrators, and other staff Centralize messaging, newsletters, and alerts Share milestones, photos, and videos See all communication features Learning Support child development in and out of the classroom Create and distribute custom curriculum efficiently Enhance programs with digital lessons and hands-on materials Track and share child development milestones with families See all learning features Childcare management Efficiently manage your center Manage your admissions process and waitlist online Stay compliant with digital check-in, health checks, and room ratio tracking and run reports quickly Enhanced CACFP reporting & logging See all childcare management features Payroll Automate your payroll with ease Auto-sync staff hours with payroll to quickly and accurately pay your staff Enable your staff to access pay stubs & tax forms online, anytime Staff time off for scheduling, tracking, and pay See all payroll features 2025 Back-to-School Release Every feature, fully delivered Learn more What educators are saying Read more testimonials in customer stories Brightwheel has been one of the best decisions I’ve made for our program. It’s the brain of our center and manages everything from signing in and out to billing to maintaining family relationships. Audra T. Executive Director and Owner at Happy Campers Preschool in San Carlos, CA When you do taxes at the end of the year or if you’re getting audited, all you do is go on brightwheel, download your reports, and you’re done. You can export it and send it off to your accountant. I just love it. Monique R. Owner of World Elite Academy in San Diego, CA We chose brightwheel when we were evaluating different tools because it integrates billing, admissions, and a great visual experience for families. It’s... view more We chose brightwheel when we were evaluating different tools because it integrates billing, admissions, and a great visual experience for families. It’s awesome that it’s an all-in-one system. Brandyn B. Co-founder of Magnolia Forest Preschools in Puget Sound, WA Brightwheel is the best! I am 100% sure the app is helping grow my enrollment, and it helps me be more in control of my center. Kashauna J. Owner of Smarty Pants Learning Center in San Antonio, TX Brightwheel is user-friendly and saves mounds of time. I enjoy all the tools they give Directors. We love it! Gigi M. Director at Children’s Day Out Preschool in Sweetwater, TX Brightwheel gets an A+ for parent satisfaction. A huge piece families love is how brightwheel brings them into the room. We get so many compliments. Marc H. Owner at A Strong Start Early Care & Education in Trumbull, CT Brightwheel’s customer service is phenomenal. I receive quick answers, and I always tell people to write in to Support. They are so informative. Pam M. Owner and Executive Director in Denver, CO We were the first ones to use brightwheel in our town. Now, every other center has adopted it as their software. It is an amazing all-in-one tool… Worth every penny! Melissa & Logan Owners of Happy Feet Academy in Ellensburg, WA Having everything on one platform makes it easy for us to train teachers. We use brightwheel to set expectations on the quality we expect. Alicia D. Director at Riverbend Christian School in Austin, TX I LOVE how easy it is to record a payment in billing. We no longer cross our fingers hoping our numbers match! It’s beautiful. Beth C. Director at Shiloh Preschool in Cincinnati, OH Brightwheel has cut out a third of my busy work. Enrollment is now all online, and we no longer have manual processes where families come in and sign paperwork in the office. Kelly R. Director at Good Shepherd Learning Center in Douglassville, PA Brightwheel has been one of the best decisions I’ve made for our program. It’s the brain of our center and manages everything from signing in and out to billing to maintaining family relationships. Audra T. Executive Director and Owner at Happy Campers Preschool in San Carlos, CA When you do taxes at the end of the year or if you’re getting audited, all you do is go on brightwheel, download your reports, and you’re done. You can export it and send it off to your accountant. I just love it. Monique R. Owner of World Elite Academy in San Diego, CA We chose brightwheel when we were evaluating different tools because it integrates billing, admissions, and a great visual experience for families. It’s awesome that it’s an all-in-one system. Brandyn B. Co-Founder of Magnolia Forest Preschools in Puget Sound, WA Brightwheel has been a tremendous blessing. I’ve received great feedback from teachers on Messaging because I’m able to step in and help answer questions a teacher might not be as comfortable answering. Cally B. Assistant Director at MBCC Journey in Birmingham, AL Brightwheel is the best! I am 100% sure the app is helping grow my enrollment, and it helps me be more in control of my center. Kashauna J. Owner of Smarty Pants Learning Center in San Antonio, TX Brightwheel is user-friendly and saves mounds of time. I enjoy all the tools they give Directors. We love it! Gigi M. Director at Children’s Day Out Preschool in Sweetwater, TX Brightwheel gets an A+ for parent satisfaction. A huge piece families love is how brightwheel brings them into the room. We get so many compliments. Marc H. Owner at A Strong Start Early Care & Education in Trumbull, CT Brightwheel’s customer service is phenomenal. I receive quick answers, and I always tell people to write in to Support. They are so informative. Pam M. Executive Director in Denver, CO We were the first ones to use brightwheel in our town. Now, every other center has adopted it as their software. It is an amazing all-in-one tool… Worth every penny! Melissa & Logan Owners of Happy Feet Academy in Ellensburg, WA Having everything on one platform makes it easy for us to train teachers. We use brightwheel to set expectations on the quality we expect. Alicia D. Director at Riverbend Christian School in Austin, TX I LOVE how easy it is to record a payment in billing. We no longer cross our fingers hoping our numbers match! It’s beautiful. Beth C. Director at Shiloh Preschool in Cincinnati, OH Brightwheel has cut out a third of my busy work. Enrollment is now all online, and we no longer have manual processes where families come in and sign paperwork in the office. Kelly R. Director at Good Shepherd Learning Center in Douglassville, PA # 1 Rated all-in-one childcare solution 20 hrs Saved each month on administrative tasks 95 % Customer satisfaction 99.9 % Uptime and 24x7 monitoring (we don’t crash) Brightwheel support Partnering for your success. Live chat support for you and your program Customized onboarding and seamless account set-up Dedicated account specialists that understand your program and your needs 24/7 access to free resources: Chatbot, Help Center articles, YouTube tutorials, and social communities Learn more Designed with you in mind Administrators & directors Manage enrollment, billing, payroll, communication, and business from the brightwheel app. Learn more Teachers & staff Easily manage daily tasks, from check-in and activities, to messaging with families. Learn more Parents & guardians Stay connected to your child's learning with messaging and easily set up online payments. Learn more Tour the easiest all-in-one childcare and preschool app Pick up where you left off First, tell us about yourself. 1 of 7 I’m an admin or director I’m a staff member I’m a parent or guardian Continue Pick up where you left off What brings you here today? 2 of 7 I’m interested in brightwheel I want to log in to my account I want to create an account Continue Back Pick up where you left off Are you open and operating? 3 of 7 Yes No Continue Back Pick up where you left off What is your program’s maximum enrollment capacity? 4 of 7 1-9 students 10-19 students 20-99 students 100+ students Other Continue Back Pick up where you left off How many locations does your program have? 5 of 7 1 location 2 or more locations Continue Back Pick up where you left off What’s your email? 6 of 7 Email * Continue Back Pick up where you left off Lastly, what’s your contact information? 7 of 7 First name * Last name * Organization Name * Phone * Alabama Alberta Alaska Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington District of Columbia West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon American Samoa Guam Northern Mariana Islands Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands Other State / Region * By checking this box, you agree that brightwheel may contact you by phone call, SMS, or email at the contact information you provide, for informational and marketing purposes consistent with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Your consent to receive text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Reply STOP to opt out or HELP for help. Request your demo Back Our Solutions Preschools & Child Care Government & Network Partners Parents Nannies/Caregivers Montessori Our Product Billing/Payments Curriculum Payroll Feature Overview Attendance tracking Communication Center Management Daily Activity Report Lesson Plans Resources Early Education and Childcare Resources Customer Stories Get Support Help Center Pricing Webinars Blog eBooks Childcare Templates & Forms Brightwheel vs. Procare Company About Careers Press Security & Safety Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Get a demo © 2025 Brightwheel - All rights reserved