MyCase | The #1 Legal Practice & Case Management Software | MyCase Skip to main content Welcome to 8am MyCase. Built for business. Built for you. 8am is the professional business platform designed to help your business thrive. Learn more 8am LawPay CasePeer DocketWise Support Login Products Firm Type Partner Network Use Cases Resources Pricing Get a Demo Try MyCase Free Open  main menu Open main menu Industry-Leading Legal Case Management Software and Solutions Case Management – keep all of your case details and documents in one location. Client Communication – real time updates, messaging, document sharing, and task management. Billing and Payments – track time, generate invoices, and accept payments. Get Started No credit card required. Client Intake Forms Send customizable online intake forms to new clients. Client Intake Forms eSignature Let clients sign, initial, and date documents electronically. Automate reminders. eSignature Calendaring Combine all your appointments, meetings, and events into one central calendar. Get text reminders. Calendaring Document Management Generate documents for client cases. Auto-populate with client details. Track all documents in one place. Document Management Time Entry and Expense Tracking Track time and expenses across client projects. Get time tracking reminders for common tasks. Time Entry and Expense Tracking Built-In Text Messaging Get unlimited texts for communication with leads and clients. Dedicated number. Auto-reminders. Built-In Text Messaging Client Portal Let clients access their case updates, invoicing, and more, through an online portal. Client Portal Billing & Invoicing Automatically create invoices from tracked time. Track time for multiple billing rates. Billing & Invoicing LawPay Payments Accept debit, credit, and eCheck payments. Set up payment plans. Scheduled and recurring payments. LawPay Payments Partnered with over 130+ bar associations Annually Monthly Increase Revenue By $158,400 Annually Take on 276 more cases Reclaim 528 hours Annually Start saving today Estimated monthly caseload* How many cases do you work on every month? 60 cases Billable rate* What is your hourly billable rate? $300 Clients billed monthly* How many clients do you invoice every month? 50 clients Time spent invoicing each client per month* On average, how much time do you spend invoicing each client every month? 1 hour Overdue invoices* How many late invoices are you currently trying to collect? 50 invoices *This information is reflected as estimates only and are not guaranteed. Learn more Disclaimer How the math works *This information is reflected as estimates only and not a guarantee
            of exact caseload growth, hours reclaimed, or revenue increased.
            Caseload growth estimate is based on MyCase’s potential caseload
            growth of 38%. The estimated output for hours reclaimed monthly is
            based on the number of clients billed monthly in addition to past
            due invoices, as well as the average hours spent invoicing and
            LawPay’s estimated improved efficiency rate of 39%. It assumes the
            time required to create and send invoices to current and past-due
            clients is equivalent. Finally, 5.3 hours are added to this number
            based on an analysis of anonymized MyCase customer data, which found
            that MyCase customers who used the Smart Time Finder feature
            captured an additional 64 hours per year, or an average of 5.3 hours
            per month. The estimate for potential revenue increase is based on
            the same Smart Time Finder time savings figure, as well as the
            inputted billable rate and the estimated hours reclaimed per month. 38 % Increase your caseload by 38% on average 15,000 + Law Firms Choose MyCase 3 + Billable Hours per Day Gained Immigration lawyers, are you ready for the USCIS payment switch? Starting Oct. 28, USCIS will no longer take paper checks for filing fees. It’s a big change, but don’t stress—you can easily switch to virtual credit card payments with 8am™ Smart Spend. Learn more Grow faster with lead management Get a 360-degree view of your law firm’s prospective client pipeline. Attorneys and staff can track leads from first contact through to signing, and see exactly where there’s room to grow. Customize web-based client intake forms for any area of your practice Handle the client intake process from start to finish Easily automate the creation and signing of retainer agreements Read more about lead management Stay organized with legal case management From calendaring and communications to document management and case reporting, keep track of every detail without falling behind. Stay in front of important deadlines with one centralized calendar Easily generate, edit, and access secure documents Connect with clients via a secure client portal, integrated text messaging, and event text reminders Read more about case management Get paid faster with billing and payments One platform for all your firm’s billing needs. Track time and simplify essential tasks from one convenient hub. Capture and find every billable minute with ease Take the stress out of invoicing and payment collection Understand firm performance with financial analytics reports Learn more about billing & payments Do More with MyCase We have the details covered, so you can worry less. See all features Easy Onboarding We know your time is valuable. That’s why we’ve designed MyCase onboarding to be quick, intuitive, and lawyer-friendly, so you can start working smarter right away. With MyCase, you’ll spend less time setting up and more time practicing law. From data migration to training, we’ve got you covered. Learn about onboarding Safe and Secure Feel confident knowing that your data is protected with MyCase’s bank-grade security measures, so you can focus on practicing law—not cybersecurity.” We safeguard your practice with the highest security standards, ensuring your peace of mind and your clients’ trust. Learn more about MyCase security Seamlessly Connected From payment processing to document management, MyCase integrates with the tools you already use to save you time and streamline your workflow. No more switching between platforms. MyCase brings everything together in one place to help you work smarter, not harder. Learn more about integrations "Because of MyCase, we’ve seen such a growth in the business. Literally going from maybe meeting three to four people a day to meeting 15 people a day." — Vi Nanthaveth Nanthaveth & Associates, PLLC Leading law firms choose MyCase I have been using MyCase for 6 years. It is an integral part of my practice and I cannot imagine doing it without it. The interface is extremely easy to navigate, the price is affordable, the customer service is impeccable and, they are constantly innovating and evolving. Omid R. We have a small firm, but since using MyCase we are more organized and file reviews are a breeze. It is extremely user friendly. It has helped us keep track of expenses, upload template documents, which saves time and money. I would recommend this case management system to every law office. Melissa G. MyCase has been beneficial to our firm right off the bat. The more we learn to use it, the more it is beneficial. It keeps everything all together in one place. Brian E. The client interaction and the client portal are among the best things we have ever had to help with communication with the clients. Shelbi C The best thing about this software program is that we only need this one program for all of our needs. Jessica J The time keeping is incredibly easy to use, the invoicing and ability for clients to pay is fantastic, the ability to execute documents remotely is unparalleled and the chance to communicate with our clients through the portal cannot be beat. Sam A MyCase has been the technological, and case management backbone of supporting our firm's case management and ensuring timeliness in our cases. Amy A I use MyCase on every single case that I have. As I have become more familiar with the software, I use more and more features. My clients love it and although I am a sole practitioner, I feel very professionally competitive because of the software. Paige M. My experience with MyCase has always been positive. I am able to contact representatives and provide feedback whenever I need to and suggest things that will enhance my experience. Shannon W The customer service of MyCase is amazing. Everyone that I talk with on their support line is very knowledgeable of the software. They are always trying to help any way they can. I really like how MyCase listens to their customers and actually implements suggestions that are made. Clint H MyCase has allowed me to consolidate all of my client files into a single virtual space, giving me and my clients access to all documents at all times. It is also secure and puts my clients at ease that their sensitive information is not being exchanged of email servers. Dana B Let's revolutionize the way you work Join lawyers from over 18,000+ firms who trust MyCase to grow their firm while managing their caseload. Get Started No credit card required. Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 6am-5pm PST Contact Support: (800) 571-8062 Contact Sales: (800) 462-8173 Contact us Products Client Intake & Lead Management Case Management Client Communications Billing & Payments Legal AI Financial Management View all features Pricing View plans Compare MyCase Firm Type Criminal Defense Family Law Immigration Law Bankruptcy Law Personal Injury Law Trust & Estate Law View all practice areas Partner Network Partnerships Integrations Associations Consultants MyCase Affiliate Program Resources Blog Guides Case Studies Video Library Interactive Tools Webinars Reports AI Resource Center Use Cases Maximize Every Minute Gain Financial Freedom Stay Secure & Compliant Support Help Articles Training Contact Support Company About us Why MyCase In the news Careers Reviews Refer a Colleague Security Products Client Intake & Lead Management Case Management Client Communications Billing & Payments Legal AI Financial Management View all features Pricing View plans Compare MyCase Firm Type Criminal Defense Family Law Immigration Law Bankruptcy Law Personal Injury Law Trust & Estate Law View all practice areas Partner Network Partnerships Integrations Associations Consultants MyCase Affiliate Program Resources Blog Guides Case Studies Video Library Interactive Tools Webinars Reports AI Resource Center Use Cases Maximize Every Minute Gain Financial Freedom Stay Secure & Compliant Support Help Articles Training Contact Support Company About us Why MyCase In the news Careers Reviews Refer a Colleague Security Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 6am-5pm PST Contact Support: (800) 571-8062 Contact Sales: (800) 462-8173 Contact us Get the MyCase App Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2025
8am, LLC. All Rights Reserved 8am™ is a trademark of 8am, LLC. Registration pending. 8am, LLC is a registered ISO of Synovus Bank, Columbus, GA., Fifth Third
      Bank, N.A., Cincinnati, OH, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Canadian Branch,
      Toronto, ON, Canada. The 8am™ Visa® Business Card is issued by Emprise Bank, pursuant to a
      license from Visa U.S.A., Inc.