New Year Credit Bonanza

🎉 Get up to 56% Extra Credit on Dukaan Wallet — Limited Time! 🎊

Avail Now
03Days:
20Hours:
37Minutes:
59Seconds
Products
Dukaan themesDiscover themes from our curated collection & start with the one perfect for your business.Dukaan deliveryYour pan-India hassle-free shipping partner.Dukaan pluginsAdd extra functionality, features, and customization with the help of plugins.Business toolsFree tools to help take your business to the next level.
Company
CareersJoin the team and be a part of the rocketship.AboutThe who, what, and why of Dukaan.
Resources
BlogGet useful tips on how to start & grow your online business.CommunityBecome a part of our exclusive Dukaan VIP Facebook group with over 50k+ members.VideosAcquire skills to setup and run your online store from our videos and tutorials.Help centerAdvice and answers from the Dukaan Team.
Pricing
Sign inStart free
Your Global Commerce Partner, Engineered for Peak Performance

Launch your eye-catching online store with ease, attract and convert more customers than ever before.

Get started

Also available on

Whether you’re a startup or an established business, here’s why Dukaan is your best choice
Launch Fast
Fully responsive e-commerce website & mobile app.
Loads 6X faster than existing solutions.
Upload/import products and inventory in bulk.
Integrate payment gateways.
Easily customizable themes.
Scale Faster
Guaranteed 99.5% uptime for your store - We keep you open for business.
60+ third party plugins.
Marketing tools and discounts to drive repeat orders.
Add staff accounts, assign different roles.
Unlimited transactions, minimal transaction fees.
Manage Better
Order tracking, invoicing and order reports.
Bulk edit product prices, variants, inventory.
Manage global deliveries.
In-depth business analytics.
Automate all tax calculations.
E-commerce Simplified, Success Amplified

Empowering your online business growth with all the essential tools.

Site Speed

Incredibly fast storefronts. Don't take our word for it, start selling online and see it for yourself!

Multi-Warehouse

One store, multiple locations. Ship products from multiple warehouses across India.

Optimised Checkouts

Offer a seamless shopping experience optimised for checkouts and reduce abandonment rates.

Staff Accounts

Add employees, colleagues and teammates to help you grow your business while managing access.

Android App

The world is mobile. It's time your store is too. Get more loyal customers with your mobile app.

Advanced Analytics

All the information about your sales, traffic, regions and products, just a single click away.

Kickstart your online store with these themes
Tinker
Ursa
Enigma
Mana
Nirvana
Oxford
View all
Enhance your site's functionality with plugins

Choose from over 40+ plugins. Be it tracking analytics, managing shipments to building email lists. There's a plugin for everything.

Take a look
Hear from our satisfied customers

From beginners to enterprise brands, everyone loves Dukaan!

“Substantial rise in our business metrics!”

Mindblown by our experience with Dukaan! Within 10 days of going live, we’ve seen a 27% increase in website traffic, 25% CAC improvement ,and an instant 52% daily revenue growth.

Sambuddha Bhattacharya

Founder & CEO, Lemonade

“A true game changer!”

It’s been a really smooth experience with Dukaan. We were deciding between Shopify and Dukaan. We thought through a lot and Dukaan seemed the smoothest for our selling experience considering we were setting up our store for the first time.

Vishu Tyagi and Pratyush Raj

Owner, Emo Bois of India

“Ecommerce tech for amazing experience!”

Dukaan has greatly enhanced our customers’ shopping experience. We now offer a faster & more streamlined checkout, user-friendly interfaces and advanced features. Dukaan has strengthened our commitment to providing exceptional experiences to our customers.

Sudeep Bansal

VP of Growth of WOW Skin Science

“30x orders after Shark Tank India!”

Dukaan's team helped us navigate post Shark Tank India and is always very prompt and pro-active. I love how easy their interface is. My experience selling through Dukaan has been seamless and great!

Anubhav Jain

Co-Founder & CEO, Jain Shikanji

“Substantial rise in our business metrics!”

Mindblown by our experience with Dukaan! Within 10 days of going live, we’ve seen a 27% increase in website traffic, 25% CAC improvement ,and an instant 52% daily revenue growth.

Sambuddha Bhattacharya

Founder & CEO, Lemonade

“A true game changer!”

It’s been a really smooth experience with Dukaan. We were deciding between Shopify and Dukaan. We thought through a lot and Dukaan seemed the smoothest for our selling experience considering we were setting up our store for the first time.

Vishu Tyagi and Pratyush Raj

Owner, Emo Bois of India

“Ecommerce tech for amazing experience!”

Dukaan has greatly enhanced our customers’ shopping experience. We now offer a faster & more streamlined checkout, user-friendly interfaces and advanced features. Dukaan has strengthened our commitment to providing exceptional experiences to our customers.

Sudeep Bansal

VP of Growth of WOW Skin Science

“30x orders after Shark Tank India!”

Dukaan's team helped us navigate post Shark Tank India and is always very prompt and pro-active. I love how easy their interface is. My experience selling through Dukaan has been seamless and great!

Anubhav Jain

Co-Founder & CEO, Jain Shikanji

“Substantial rise in our business metrics!”

Mindblown by our experience with Dukaan! Within 10 days of going live, we’ve seen a 27% increase in website traffic, 25% CAC improvement ,and an instant 52% daily revenue growth.

Sambuddha Bhattacharya

Founder & CEO, Lemonade

“A true game changer!”

It’s been a really smooth experience with Dukaan. We were deciding between Shopify and Dukaan. We thought through a lot and Dukaan seemed the smoothest for our selling experience considering we were setting up our store for the first time.

Vishu Tyagi and Pratyush Raj

Owner, Emo Bois of India

1
2
Scale your business with Dukaan Enterprise

Unlock your brands’s online potential on Dukaan’s lightning fast infrastructure with custom built features.

99.5% Uptime
Under 1ms Latency
Returns & Exchange
Controlled Shipping
Custom Plugins & Integrations
Personalised Storefront Design
Learn more
Grow your online store.
Learn the tips and tricks from experts.
View all
Start selling online.

Take your business online with Dukaan. Get your free online store in 30 seconds.

Get started
Business tools
Dukaan for PC
Dukaan delivery
Dukaan plugins
Dukaan themes
Dukaan enterprise
Awards '22
Help center
Blog
Banned items
About
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQ's
Jobs
Branding
Press inquiry
Bug bounty
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Growthpond Technology Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved, 2026.
Made in