Home Movies TV Shows Top IMDB
MyFlixer
1.8m
Shares
 318k 363k 491k 427k 175k
View Full Site 

What is MyFlixer?
MyFlixer is a free streaming website where you can watch movies and tv series online with multiple genres highlights such as Action, Comedy, Shooting, Sport, History, Thriller,... MyFlixer updates new HD Movies and Shows Daily so you will never miss your favorite title.

 

Watch Movies online free on MyFlixer
We start at the beginning of 2019 and been growing steadily. Free streaming, HD quality, fast download speed from the best video hosts like vidcloud, hydrax, mp4upload, vidstream, streamtape, mycloud are what make our users happy with our streaming service. Your Favorite Movies and Shows are always ready for live streaming and downloading from all around the world. When the first and main MyFlixer domain is down, many poor-quality copies were made to resemble the official website but with LOW quality, So please bookmark our MyFlixer official website and follow our Twitter page here to stay updated. 

 

Is MyFlixer Safe? Is it Legal to use MyFlixer?
One of the biggest fears while streaming movies for free is safety. It is only wise to be selective when it comes to which sites to visit. However, you can put your worries at rest as MyFlixer has been one of the safest destinations for cinema freaks. And here are reasons why the site has got millions of visitors on a monthly basis.

 

MyFlixer Proxy sites?
You can access MyFlixer through some of these proxy sites: MyFlixer io, MyFlixer se, and MyFlixer to. As many want to make money fast, there are many fake MyFlixer sites. Therefore, you should always read their reviews and feedbacks before giving them a click. For a full list of MyFlixer Proxy network, please check this:  https://myflixerz.me/  . Currently UK users will be unable to access Myflixer.to, please use this new Proxy site instead: https://myflixer.cx


Why MyFlixer should be your movies streaming site?

1. Safety

One of the most basic lessons you don’t want to learn the hard way on the Internet is not putting down your private information/credit card number if not necessary. But as no account or registration is needed to watch free movies on MyFlixer, you can rest assured the site is safe. 

2. Minimal UI design

Most of us are not patient enough to learn how to navigate a website so a simple design is a clincher. To watch free movies and TV shows on MyFlixer, you only need to use the search bar or use the website’s great filter. If you come looking for something interesting to watch, you can also check out the most-watched, trending movies, as well as IMDB recommendations. 
You can also save time by hovering over a title till a description box pops up with its most basic information such as release year, IMDB rating, plot, cast info, etc. 

3. Extensive content library

One of MyFlixer’ biggest strengths is its collection of movies and TV shows in the best resolution possible (normally HD). No matter what you are looking for, be it the latest releases or your old childhood classics, high budget Hollywood movies or regional indies, you are highly likely to find it at MyFlixer. 

4. Streaming experience

It is free, fast, and seamless. Normally you can only pick one but MyFlixer ticks all the three boxes. Although the website is free of charge, you are actually provided premium watching experience with fast loading times and little to no buffering.

5. Device compatibility

MyFlixer is mobile-friendly and Chromecast supported so you can stream movies and TV shows with any device available. 

6. Ads and popups

They are vital to any streaming site’s survival but MyFlixer doesn’t seem greedy. You will encounter ads and popups here and there but overall, the watching experience is fairly seamless.  

7. Great customer care

At MyFlixer, we have great customer care. If a link is broken or you cannot find the movie of interest, simply make a request. Our team will do our best to fulfil our wishes as it normally takes only a couple of days for us to update the links.

Please help us to spread the words and let your friends know about MyFlixer. Thank you

Go to MyFlixer 
Android App Terms of service Contact Sitemap 9anime free movies apps
MyFlixer is a Free Movies streaming site with zero ads. We let you watch movies online without having to register or paying, with over 10000 movies and TV-Series. You can also Download full movies from MyFlixer and watch it later if you want.

© MyFlixer