Freshworks: Uncomplicated Software | IT Service, Customer Service Skip to main content Cut complexity with AI-powered service | Stream Refresh Virtual Summit Skip to main content Products Platform Resources Pricing Demo Try it free Login English Deutsch Nederlands Français Svenska Español (España) Español (América Latina) Português Italiano 简体中文 繁體中文 日本語 한국어 Polski ภาษาไทย Türkçe Tiếng Việt Products Platform Resources Demo Pricing Languages Login Try it free NEW Product Launch 2025 Uncomplicate your IT and customer service Freshworks provides enterprise-grade, AI-assisted service software to deliver exceptional customer and employee experiences. Try it free Book a demo Trusted by 75,000+ businesses worldwide Powerful solutions to unlock loyalty, efficiency, and growth IT Service Management Freshservice Uncomplicated, AI-assisted ITSM. Learn more Customer Service Freshdesk Modern, AI-assisted customer service. Learn more Freddy: Agentic AI that reasons, acts, and resolves Explore Freddy AI See what’s new Designed for ease, built for value Faster implementation. Better ROI. Totally transparent costs. Freshworks delivers enterprise-grade performance without the enterprise-level complexity. 97% CSAT Hello, happiness. Looking for higher satisfaction scores? Solve more customer and employee issues, more quickly and easily. People love that. See the Customer Service Benchmark Report 74% first contact resolution (FCR) Get answers. Get going. Agentic AI gives users the freedom to find, fix, and finish their issues with a click. See the Freshservice Benchmark Report ~2m average chat resolution Solve customer issues sooner AI agents cut the number of tickets to solve; you cut your resolution time, and boost productivity. See the Customer Service Benchmark Report 77% faster handling time Automate to accelerate Advanced ticketing, automation, and built-in AI. Better, faster service has arrived. See the Freshservice Benchmark Report Join 73,000+ companies uncomplicating service delivery View all customer stories "Automation was one of the driving factors in the selection of Freshservice." Ali Chitsaz Senior Manager, Global Digital Workplace Read the story "Freshservice opened up a world of automation we didn’t have before. It’s made our helpdesk processes smoother and more efficient." Christophe Doguet IT helpdesk manager Read more "With Freshservice on our side, the transportation team can now resolve incoming requests in 15 minutes, versus three months." James Williams Senior Systems Administrator Read more "We were lucky to be part of the beta trial for Freddy AI. It was fantastic to have that opportunity and to see the power of what it can do. It was truly a game-changer for the team." Simon Birch Head of Customer Experience, Hobbycraft Read the story "We’ve seen significant cost savings in moving from 16 siloed customer support tools to Freshworks" Scott Bain Group Head of Customer Service, Frasers Group Read more Get the insights you need IT Service Management The AI-empowered CIO 4 technology leaders reveal the strategies for making AI real, relevant, and uncomplicated Read more Customer Service 2025 Customer Service Benchmark Report Compare your support metrics with benchmarks from 32,000+ teams. Uncover AI trends and tactics to boost your performance. Read more Other Resources Guides, stories, and playbooks to support every step of your journey Customer service, rewired See how AI solves key CS challenges in Forrester's Freshworks study. The CIO’s ITSM playbook Explore insights from 225 global IT decision-makers. Tap into the power of people + AI Explore how AI is transforming workplace and IT efficiency. Explore all resources Get started with Freshworks Trial Free to try. Fast to scale. Take better customer and employee experience for a spin with a free trial of Freshdesk or Freshservice. No credit card required. Try it free Contact Sales See rapid impact in action Let our product experts show you how Freshworks can solve your specific challenges. Get a personalized walkthrough tailored to your needs. Book a demo Resources Learn, explore, get inspired Explore our library of case studies, product tours, webinars and insights. Browse more Contact Freshworks Contact Us or sales@freshworks.com Company About Leadership Investors Careers Customers Partners Events Insights & Trends Newsroom Contact Support & Success Support Training & Certification Services Student Academy Community Products What’s New Freshdesk Freshdesk Omni Freshchat Freshservice Freshservice for MSPs Freshservice for Business Teams Freshsales Freshsales Suite Freshmarketer Freshworks Platform Freddy AI Legal Privacy Notice Site Terms Cookie Policy Do Not Share My Personal Information Security Accessibility Unsubscribe Sitemap © 2025 Freshworks Inc. All Rights Reserved