Package Management for Private & Public Feeds & Repositories | MyGet MyGet - Hosted Package Management Server for NuGet, symbols, Npm, Bower, Maven, PHP Composer and VSIX Features Enterprise Pricing Docs Support Blog Sign In Sign Up The Secure Universal Package Manager Continuously govern and audit all packages in your DevOps lifecycle START YOUR FREE TRIAL Thousands of teams worldwide trust MyGet with their package management and governance MyGet is compatible with the tools you already use NuGet Bower PHP Maven npm VSIX Python Ruby NuGet is the defacto open platform for sharing finished code packages with .NET developers around the world. From DLLs to other content needed in the projects that consume these packages, the Microsoft-supported mechanism for sharing code is NuGet, which defines how packages for .NET are created, hosted, and consumed, and provides the tools for each of those roles. Bower is the defacto open platform for sharing finished code packages for Front end projects around the world. Bower can manage components that contain HTML, CSS, JavaScript, fonts or even image files. Bower doesn’t concatenate or minify code or do anything else - it just installs the right versions of the packages you need and their dependencies. Composer is the defacto open platform for sharing finished code packages for PHP projects around the world. It allows you to declare the libraries your project depends on and it will manage (install/update) them for you. This idea is not new and Composer is strongly inspired by node's NPM and ruby's bundler. Maven is the defacto open platform for sharing finished code packages with Java and Java Enterprise (JEE) developers around the world. Maven originally started as an attempt to provide a standard way to build the projects, a clear definition of what the project consisted of, an easy way to publish project information and a way to share Java JARs across several projects. NPM is the defacto open platform for sharing finished code packages with Javascript and NodeJS developers around the world. It's the world's largest software registry, with billions of downloads per week. The registry contains over 600,000 packages and growing. Open-source developers from every continent use npm to share and borrow packages, and many organizations use npm to manage private development as well. Microsoft Visual Studio is the defacto enterprise software development IDE. VSIX was created to extend Visual studio, and is a software add-on created that is saved in a .ZIP format and contains files that extend the functionality of the Visual Studio software; stores a package description as well as binaries and other resources that comprise the extension. Python Wheel is the modern standard for formatting and distributing Python build binaries, libraries, and packages. Mirror or cache upstream Python libraries from the Python Package Index (PyPI) and govern them from your own private, hosted package repository on MyGet. Package and upload your own modules to provide easy, fast and secure access for teammates or customers. RubyGems is the standard for packaging, distributing, and installing Ruby programs and libraries. Publish your own gems in private, public, or community feeds to provide easy, fast and secure access for teammates or customers.
                            Proxy or mirror open-source gems from RubyGems.org and govern them from a hosted Ruby gems repository on MyGet. Accelerate your software team with cloud package management, robust security controls and easy continuous integration build services. Manage all of your packages in one place MyGet is a Universal Package Manager that integrates with your existing source code ecosystem and enables end-to-end package management. Centralized package management delivers consistency and governance to your DevOps workflow. Learn More Enforce compliance through powerful governance MyGet real-time software license detection tracks your teams’ package usage and detects dependencies across all of your packages. Customized usage policies ensure your teams are only using approved packages while reporting vulnerabilities and outdated packages early in your software build and release cycles. Learn More Accelerate your Software Development workflows MyGet automates build and packaging processes from a centralized cloud platform. MyGet speeds up the development lifecycle while integrating seamlessly with your existing DevOps workflows. Package, version & publish from GitHub, Assembla, Visual Studio Team Services and BitBucket. Learn More GET STARTED WITH A 14 DAY FREE TRIAL Teams love MyGet Thousands of organizations use MyGet to build software. Here’s what a few of them have to say. “Using MyGet Private Feeds we can control the access to the packages and authentication for users is straightforward. You can put together a package using Package Explorer but the real benefit comes from having automation to create new versions. We use Visual Studio Team Services and the automatic deployment of packages produced in the build to a MyGet feed saved us hours, possible days of PowerShell scripting.” “Octopus Deploy is built up of many smaller components. We use MyGet to stage our component packages and draw them all together during the build process for internal and public facing releases alike. Our team is distributed around the world. Using MyGet means everyone can work on Octopus Deploy regardless of where they are at any given time. Oh, and we don't need to manage our own infrastructure - what a perfect fit!.” “We wanted to maintain control of who had access to our NuGet packages, we were clearly in need of a private feed. MyGet was really the obvious choice for us. As a proof of concept, we have used a local file share briefly. Since our community is global and spans corporate boundaries we needed a solution that was not subject to any single IT jurisdiction. A scalable cloud based approach was what we needed and what MyGet delivered.” SEE MORE TESTIMONIALS Get started with MyGet today START YOUR FREE TRIAL Learn More Features Enterprise Pricing Testimonials Gallery Feeds NuGet npm Bower Vsix Maven PHP Composer Python Ruby Gems Resources Documentation Support Our Blog Free Trial Open Source Enterprise Trial Give us Feedback Legal Disclaimer