My Jewish Learning - Judaism & Jewish Life | My Jewish Learning Skip to Search Skip to Content Skip to Footer Newsletter Donate My Jewish Learning Events Daf Yomi Say Kaddish Search Submit Celebrate Visit Celebrate Jewish Calendar Shabbat Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Sukkot Shemini Atzeret/Simchat Torah Hanukkah Purim Passover Shavuot More Holidays Eat Visit Eat Jewish Recipes Food Videos The Nosher Holiday Food Keeping Kosher Challah Recipes Live Visit Live Birth Bar/Bat Mitzvah Weddings & Marriage Conversion Interfaith Divorce Denominations Health & Wellness Women & Feminism Gender & Sexuality Blogs Español Mourn Visit Mourn End of Life Sitting Shiva Mourner’s Kaddish Mourning Rituals Mourning Timeline Afterlife Grief Email Series Podcast: End of Life Pray Visit Pray Prayer Email Shema Prayer for the Sick Shabbat Prayers High Holidays Holiday Prayers Blessings for Food Traveler’s Prayer Study Visit Study Daf Yomi Weekly Torah Online Courses Email Mini-Courses Beliefs & Practices Jewish Texts Jewish History Jewish Culture Hebrew Holocaust Israel FAQ Events Daf Yomi Say Kaddish Newsletter Donate Trending Topics: Say Kaddish Online with MJL Day of Hebrew Learning Antisemitism & Bigotry Conspiracy Theories and the Jews From medieval blood libels to the attacks of September 11, Jews have been a favorite subject for conspiracists. Sephardic Cuisine: How It Emerged, Evolved, and Persisted For centuries, Sephardic food was shaped not only by flavors and ingredients, but also by the need for Jews to conceal their identity. Tale of Two Talmuds: Jerusalem and Babylonian The two versions of the Talmud developed simultaneously in the two major Jewish communities of the rabbinic era. Did God Write the Torah — and Does it Matter? For many Jews, the Torah’s authority does not derive from being a divine document. The Jewish Way To Make a New Year’s Resolution Jewish wisdom, anchored in the rhythms of the year, can help us set benchmarks that make sticking to our commitments more likely. BY Rabbi Danielle Upbin Advertisement Next Torah Portion Summary In this Torah portion, Joseph promises Jacob that he will bury him in Canaan. On his deathbed, Jacob blesses his grandchildren, Ephraim and Menashe, and then blesses each of his sons. Jacob dies and is embalmed. Joseph affirms to his brothers that he has forgiven them for their misdeeds. Ending the Book of Genesis, Joseph dies. FULL SUMMARY HAFTARAH SUMMARY Parashat Vayechi January 03, 2026 Torah Reading Genesis 47:28-50:26 Haftarah I Kings 2:1-12 Featured Commentary Parashat Vayechi: The Legend of You and Me Jacob’s blessing to his son Joseph offers a potent metaphor about maintaining steadfastness in a world defined by rapid change. By Rabbi Devin Maimon Villarreal Find Shabbat Candle-Lighting Times Upcoming Events The Hub, Jewish online classes and events Fri. Jan. 02, 2026 @ 5:00 pm ET Kabbalat Shabbat Services Hosted by: My Jewish Learning View More About Event Event Arrow Mon. Jan. 05, 2026 @ 4:00 pm ET Kaddish Minyan With Rabbi Rachel Isaacs (Mondays) Hosted by: My Jewish Learning View More About Event Event Arrow Daf Yomi A global project of Talmud study, Daf Yomi covers the entire 2,711 pages of the Talmud in 7.5 years of daily study. Click below to join by signing up for our Daily Dose of Talmud newsletter and to see our most recent Daf Yomi essays. Zevachim 109 What is exempt? Zevachim 108 Double trouble. Zevachim 107 Holiness that won’t quit. STUDY RESOURCES Sign Up For Our Daily Talmud Newsletter Access the Full Daf Yomi Archive Take Our Weekly Daf Yomi Class Talmud Words & Phrases to Know How to Read the Talmud Recharge Now Our weekly Shabbat newsletter, Recharge, features a thoughtful, timely essay to enrich your Shabbat. Here are a few of our recent pieces: Christmas and Hanukkah Have More in Common Than You Think Winter festivals meet a primal need that humans infuse with meaning. The History of Hanukkah Gifting Devotion implies contribution — and care. What Exactly Is Hanukkah? Talmudic sages posed the question. We’re still working through the answers. MORE from MY JEWISH LEARNING Jewish Food & Identity Why Do Jews Eat Chinese Food on Christmas? The story isn’t just about the lo mein and dumplings. Jewish Soup Recipes Molly Yeh’s Chicken and Stars Soup Will Make You Feel Like a Kid Again Having a chicken soup practice is an essential part of being a Jewish mom. Bar/Bat Mitzvah The Surprising History of Bar/Bat Mitzvah and Confirmation The bar mitzvah (and even more so the bat mitzvah) is a relatively new phenomena. Personalities of the Bible The Forgotten Jewish Queen: Shelamzion Alexandra Her peaceful reign upends many assumptions about power, piety and what Jewish leadership should look like. Holocaust A Timeline of the Holocaust From Hitler’s rise to power to the Nuremberg trials, key events of the Shoah. Pray Jewish Prayer for the Sick: Mi Sheberach A healing prayer for when a loved one is suffering. Advertisement Open more doors to Jewish discovery. Your year-end gift powers endless opportunities for millions of people looking for Jewish connection. $104,092 / 120,000 One-time Monthly Choose an amount to donate US $36 US $72 US $180 US $360 USD Support Us My Jewish Learning Igniting journeys of Jewish discovery Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Igniting journeys of Jewish discovery About Us Contact Advertise The Hub Special Email Series Learn Hebrew Recharge Newsletter Sign Up for Our Newsletter Get Jewish wisdom & discovery in your inbox Sign Up By submitting I agree to the privacy policy . 70 Faces Media Jewish Telegraphic Agency New York Jewish Week The Nosher Kveller Hey Alma My Jewish Learning Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025  My Jewish Learning All Rights Reserved. Skip to Banner / Top Skip to Search Skip to Content