Platform Group, Chain & Large Hotel Products Independent Hotel and B&B Products Data Solutions and Services LIGHTHOUSE AI Solutions Organization Type Group & Chain Hotel Get a competitive edge with extensive portfolio insights Independent Hotel Maximize your independent hotel's full revenue potential Hotel Management Company Elevate portfolio performance with data-driven insights DMO & Tourism Organizations Optimize campaigns with short-term rental and hotel analytics Enterprise Gain insights with solutions for every unique business need Solutions By Role Revenue Manager Drive growth to unlock your full revenue potential General Manager Streamline your revenue strategy for improved efficiency Independent Hotel Owner Maximize your independent hotel's full revenue potential Sales & Marketing Manager Harness insights to drive impactful campaigns New Lighthouse launches Connect AI HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Channel Manager Best Suited for Independent Hotels Company Company About Lighthouse is the leading commercial platform for the travel & hospitality industry Careers Unlock your potential: Explore open positions Partnerships Become a Lighthouse partner Customer Care Lighthouse support: Guiding you every step of the way Our Leadership Meet our leadership team Latest News Lighthouse launches Connect AI Join Lighthouse View Open Positions Resources Resource Hub Blog Insights that inspire. Ideas that ignite. Events Discover what’s next. Join us at upcoming events and conferences. Insights Explore data-driven insights to navigate the future of hospitality. Customer Stories Redefining hospitality, one success story at a time. Free Data Tools Dive into interactive hospitality data visualizations. Podcast Sharpen your skills with insider insights from 'The Spotlight' podcast. New The 11 trends that will shape 2026 What’s changing beneath the surface of travel and hospitality Highly Recommended Hotel Revenue Management glossary Check out the definitive guide Sign in en French Japanese Portuguese (BR) Spanish German Italian Dutch Login Contact sales Bringing
travel & hospitality
insights to light Lighthouse is the technology platform that turns data complexity into revenue growth. We give you the power to discover hidden insights, capture missed opportunities, and move faster while working smarter. Schedule a Demo Watch Video 70,000+ hotels trust Lighthouse with their growth, productivity, and peace of mind One platform, unlimited revenue potential All your critical data, all in one place. Groups, Chains, Large Hotels Independent and Smaller Hotels Data Solutions and Services Accurately forecast demand Gain insights based on forward-looking demand data for your market. Track competitive pricing Leverage the most trusted pricing database to ensure you’re pricing competitively. Simplify portfolio reporting Monitor, optimize and report on performance for your entire portfolio. Solve parity issues Identify and solve parity issues across all of your distribution channels. Benchmark your performance Leverage our Smart Compset to monitor competitive trends and analyze key KPIs. Grow your direct channel Boost direct revenue with AI-driven personalization, powered by The Hotels Network. Never miss a booking with AI Handle every guest query 24/7 with KITT - AI Receptionist, powered by The Hotels Network The power of a revenue maximizing toolbox, in just one tool Precise data, powerful decisions Harness the industry's most comprehensive and reliable real-time intelligence to drive your hotel's success with confidence. Simple, intuitive tools to save you time Our easy to use, real-time dashboards empower you to turn data into decisions. Unparalleled customer support Top-rated, global support that is always at your service, ensuring your operations run smoothly across every time zone. 1.7 billion Hotel rates collected daily 300,000+ Competitor hotels profiled 100 seconds Average customer support response time Driving growth for properties
in over 185 countries "Lighthouse’s tools have transformed the way I work. They’re like a 24/7 buffet where I can get all the live data I need, any time of the day." Ashfaq Ashique Revenue and Distribution Manager at Furaveri Maldives Read customer story 215% Rate Insight has helped us cut down on rate disparity cases and thus increase direct bookings by around 215%. “With Lighthouse’s tools, we can access on-the-books data, competitor rates, demand insights and calendars with all important upcoming events in our markets in one place.” Lior Sekler Senior Vice President of Revenue Management at HRI Properties Read customer story "Lighthouse saves me immense amounts of time because I no longer have to gather data and create reports manually." Dora Major Revenue and Reservation Manager at Six Senses Douro Valley Read customer story “We can get an idea about the market from talking to people, and by having an instinctual sense, but beyond that, as a revenue manager, we need real data.” Rajdeep Roy Director of Revenue at Radisson Dubai DAMAC Hills Read customer story "Lighthouse has been one of the best investments we’ve made." Lukas Peter Global Head of Revenue at Soho House & Co Read customer story Unlock industry insights:  Your daily dose of inspiration See all Resources 12 December, 2025 The 7 travel and hospitality trends that defined 2025 Industry technology News 12 December, 2025 The 11 travel and hospitality trends that will shape 2026 Industry technology News See all Resources For data insights you can trust, look to Lighthouse. Products Market Intelligence Rate Insight Benchmark Insight Market Insight Distribution Insight Parity Insight Direct Channel Personalization KITT - AI Receptionist Business Intelligence Business Intelligence AI & Automation Pricing Manager Channel Manager Booking Engine Payment Manager Reservation Manager Data & Services Data Solutions Revenue Strategy Services Solutions Solutions by Role Revenue Manager General Manager Sales & Marketing Manager Property Owner Solutions by Organization Type Group & Chain Hotel Independent Hotel Hotel Management Company Short-Term Rental for Enterprise DMO & Destinations Company About Careers Partnerships Customer Care Contact Security Marketplace Resources Resource Hub Blog Events Insights Customer Stories Free Data Tools Podcast © Lighthouse 2026 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Statement on modern slavery English (US) French Japanese Portuguese (BR) Spanish German Italian Dutch