Free Live Chat Software, Live Chat Software, Live Chat Software for Website, Live Support Software Free Live Chat Software | Live Chat Software | LiveChat | Free Live Chat Topbar Topbar Log In Sign Up Home Demos Embedded Chat All Demos - Template 1 - Template 2 - Template 3 - Template 4 - Template 5 - Template 8 - Template 10 - Template 12 Chat Image Button Chat Widget Chat Text Link Department List Demo Agent List Demo Setting User Key Demo Setting Product Key Demo Smart Invitation Demo Features Feature List Proactive Chat Live Chat Visitor Monitoring Live Co-Browsing Agent Console Dashboard Customization SSL Chat Communication Analytics Transcripts Comparison Support Live Chat Support Ticket Developers / API Downloads Plans Leading Live chat software Fast, clean, simple and free! 748,146 Accounts and Growing. Monitor and chat with visitors on your website. Convert visitors to customers. Boost your support and sales via live chat software. Get Started Learn More No credit card required. Engage with your website visitors now Live chat is a faster and more personal way to engage your visitors. CUSTOMERS WANT TO CHAT WITH YOU. Help your visitors before they leave your website. Give your customer messaging experience a human touch. Start Now See it on your website Preview Live Chat for your website If you're looking for a live chat option, but just aren't ready for a paid edition then My Live Chat Free version is the perfect way to go. With inserting a simple piece of HTML code, a floating chat button that doesn't interfere with your website design, and key features to help you do chat right, you'll be chatting to your website visitors without any cost. Get started Talk to customers in real-time Provide high-quality, personalized help at any scale by layering human and proactive support tools. My Live Chat equips you to offer instant, delightful support experience. With live chat, your customer service operators can anticipate what a visitor is going to type next and accordingly transfer chats to other agents to reduce resolution time. Agents can use features, such as canned responses in live support software to offer real-time quality answers. Start Now Make Customer Support a priority 748146 Total Accounts 628454.2 Web Sites Engaged 50088 Avg. Chats /Day Why MYLIVECHAT Grow your business with better web chat Unlimited Chats and Free! MyLiveChat gives you unlimited chats. No questions asked. Now, nothing can stop you from engaging with your customers. Sales & Support Chat Built to empower your sales and support teams with priority tiers, transfers, user roles, monitoring, reporting and team chats. Chat Customization Customize everything! The chat window, agent photos, company logos, chat buttons, and agent greeting messages. iOS and Android Chat App Mobile Chat App allows you to engage with your website visitors while on-the-go, so you never miss sales opportunity. File/Picture Sharing Agents and visitors can share images and other files with the click of a button - all within the chat window! Communicate faster than ever MyLiveChat will not impact your website's initial-load performance thanks to Asynchronous Loading. Unlimited Sites MyLiveChat works across all of your internet properties. SSL Secured With advanced 128 bit SSL encryption, your chats and calls are always secure. Chat away tension-free. Proactive Chats Welcome your visitors with automated personalized greetings based on location, URL and more. Sign up and Start Chatting A better way of customer communication For customers, support staff, sales agents, and managers. The ability to interact with customers live has already tripled our leads in the first quarter of 2015. Best marketing investment we have made! Sara Lisbon Business Manager After comparing various Chat Softwares, I picked up MyLiveChat and couldn’t be more happier! It's more stable and faster! Alice Williams Web Developer We got lots of leads on live chat and were able to close a big sale last week. Oh and btw, Kenneth & Terry from MyLiveChat Support rock! Philip Wearne Technical Director Live Chat Plugins MyLiveChat seamlessly connects with a wide variety of third-party apps. Integrate your chat with them to provide even better customer service. Chat with your visitors, Increase sales and conversions, make your customers happy! Get started for free! 201 Consumers Rd North York, ON, M2J 4G8 Canada Resources Demo Account Login Sign-up How It Works? Benefits Integrations & Plugins Premium Plans Agent Console for Web Browser for Windows for Mac OS for iOS for Android Useful Links Developers API Support Ticket Desktop & Mobile FAQ Affiliate Program GDPR Compliance Customers On-premise Chat Free Services Free Live Chat Software Javascript Obfuscator Free .NET Obfuscator Free Video Chat Room Free Chat Icons Features Proactive Chat Live Support Software iOS and Android Chat Visitor Monitoring Live Co-Browsing Agent Console SSL Chat Communication Analytics Transcripts More Products On-premises Live Chat Javascript Rich Text Editor .NET Rich Text Editor Ajax Uploader Chat Demos Embedded Chat Chat Image Button Chat Widget Chat Text Link Monitor Only Chat Box Setting Chat Data Department List Demo Agent List Demo Setting User Key Demo Setting Product Key Smart Invitation Demo Privacy & Policy Terms About Us Copyright 2003 - 2026 My Live Chat. All rights reserved. My Live Chat is a customer service and sales tool for your website that enables visitors to instantaneously communicate with your personnel.