Mynewsdesk: The Ultimate PR & Media Monitoring Platform Products Media monitoring Brand report Coverage Report Audio and video Tracking PR Distribution Press releases Newsroom Audience management Analysis & reports For journalists Resources Blog Our customers Guides & Templates Event & Webinars Get Our Newsletter Success Center Plans About About us Why Mynewsdesk AI & Mynewsdesk Careers Dansk Deutsch English Norsk Svenska Log in Book a demo Free trial Dansk Deutsch English Norsk Svenska Products Media monitoring Brand report Coverage Report Audio and video Tracking PR Distribution Press releases Newsroom Audience management Analysis & reports For journalists Resources Blog Our customers Guides & Templates Event & Webinars Get Our Newsletter Success Center Plans About About us Why Mynewsdesk AI & Mynewsdesk Careers Log in Book a demo Free trial All your PR 
- in one place Create, distribute, and measure your stories. Build your brand with impactful communication and smarter strategic media monitoring. Start free trial Book a demo Trusted by 4,000+ communicators worldwide Explore the product Media 
monitoring Track how your brand is mentioned across every channel – including news, social, audio, and video. Learn more PR
distribution Publish and share your stories with journalists and your audience across multiple channels, all at once. Learn more Analysis 
& reporting Measure the real impact of your PR efforts with reports on competitors, sentiment analysis, and positioning. Learn more Why Mynewsdesk The easy way to
make the headlines Reach the right journalists – With over 1 million journalists in our global media database, we ensure your story can get the coverage it deserves Easy to use – The market’s most automated all-in-one PR platform making your everyday work easier Leading media monitoring – Fast, 100% accurate, and spam-free coverage insights Get more strategic with your media monitoring, gain visibility in the right channels, and track measurable PR results – all in one platform. Test the product for free The first choice for leading brands Media monitoring Strategic 
media monitoring Industry-leading accuracy – Monitor every key source and get 100% relevant mentions – no spam. Always in the know – Get real-time alerts when something important happens, so you can act fast. Clear overview – Your most important results gathered on one easy-to-share dashboard. How media monitoring works PR distribution Press releases that 
build your visibility Reach the right journalists – Write and send press releases that reach the right journalists with automated audience targeting Publish everywhere at once – Share your story in your newsroom, by email, and on social media – all with one click. Track your impact – See opens, clicks, and engagement directly in the tool, so you can measure results and plan ahead. Read more about PR distribution Analysis & reporting Insightful PR reports 
with one click Get the full picture – Automatically create reports with all key KPIs, including reach, Share of Voice, and sentiment. Benchmark your performance – Compare your media presence against selected competitors and the wider industry. Spot trends early – Identify emerging topics and spot new opportunities in your market. How PR reporting works 8 out of 10 get media coverage every month with Mynewsdesk Etraveli Group We chose to switch to Mynewsdesk from another platform and are very pleased with the results. Sayna Oveisikian PR specialist Garmin The daily alerts provide a quick and easy overview of what the media writes about us. Camilla Friman Consumer Marketing - Garmin Mariestads municipality. Now it's incredibly accurate. Basically everything that comes up is about us as a municipality Carl-Fredrik Movitz Communications Manager Transform your PR with us Read how others have used Mynewsdesk to succeed. Distribute effectively to European media channels. Mynewsdesk’s platform not only saved us valuable time and resources, but also magnified Northern Norway’s international focus. Featuring in BBC Travel and The Times UK. Read more The National Museum of Science & Tech Mynewsdesk helps me with so much more than just monitoring or publishing press releases. It is important to work with a platform that is constantly evolving in relation to our needs without becoming difficult to use. Read more Mynewsdesk makes it Easier to Focus on PR We needed to streamline the process and find an easier way to work. We were also curious to have a press room on an external platform, instead of just on our website, to drive more traffic and improve SEO. Read more Stay updated with the monthly PR trends Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Mynewsdesk products, services, and events. By submitting this form you consent to the storing and processing of your personal data by Mynewsdesk as described in our privacy policy . You can withdraw your consent at any time. Product Media monitoring PR Distribution Plans Mynewsdesk For journalists Our Newsroom About us Career Resources Blog Customer Cases Guides & Templates Event & Webinars Get our newsletter Contact us Customer success center Contact us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Go to Stories Terms & conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy © Mynewsdesk 2025 . All rights reserved.