MyNetDiary - Free Calorie Counter and Diet Assistant Get the app Sign In Sign up Features Features iPhone & iPad app Android app User Reviews Diets Diets Calorie Counting Low-Carb Keto High-Protein Low-Fat Mediterranean Vegetarian Vegan DASH Library Library Weight Loss Blog Diet Library Dietitian team Food Food Food Search Database Licensing & API Business Business Professional Connect Find Healthcare Professional For Healthcare Professionals For Trainers and Clubs Food Database Licensing Sign up Sign In Be Healthy for Life! Your weight loss, diet, and nutrition assistant. Top Rated: 184,041 reviews & counting 4.8 4.7 What it takes to succeed Find your Diet Find a diet that fits your lifestyle: Calorie Counting, Low-Carb, Keto, Vegan, Vegetarian and more. Set Your Targets Choose your desired weekly weight loss rate, target date, and source of calories like fat, carbs, and proteins. Log Your Meals & Exercise Use the App to track your food, physical activities, and nutrients. Use the barcode scanner. Log ahead of time for better planning and scheduling. Reach Your Goals Monitor your daily progress, check your weight loss forecast, and receive ongoing advice and feedback. Learn more about nutrients in your diet and make better choices. Top Rated Calorie Counter App “This is my favorite food diary app. I used six of the "top" apps in this category for several days so that I could compare them and select what worked best for me. MyNetDiary was the winner. Intuitive, simple layout, decent database, appealing graphic design, and no ads.” See More Testimonials Premium Recipes Hundreds of easy recipes, with great variety, carefully crafted for great taste by a team of Registered Dietitians. Easy Tracking Massive food catalog, fastest barcode scanner, quickest food lookup making food tracking a breeze Insights and Guidance Encouraging and supportive feedback, guiding you to your goal. More Features Julie Martel Lost 71 lb (35%) and maintained after 492 days. “My life changed. My life is beautiful! I am beautiful!!!” Read Success Story Carrie Hammond lost and maintained 103 lbs (40%) after 616 days. “I love having a desire to go out and experience new things without worrying about if I'm too fat to do something.” Read Success Story Paul Reynolds Lost 50lb (22%) and maintained after 345 days. “The ability to track using MyNetDiary has been so important.” Read Success Story Joe Balfe Lost 65lb (20%) and maintained after 216 days. “MyNetDiary helps me know exactly how many calories I consume.” Read Success Story Rick White Lost 91 lb (30%) and maintained after 881 days. “I went body surfing for 4 hours straight with my 28 year old son and felt great!” Read Success Story Matthew Warner Lost 29lb (14%) and maintained after 379 days. “I used your product religiously for two years and it made a huge difference in my health and happiness.” Read Success Story Previous Next Being Healthy Has Never Been Easier 4 Best exercises for menopause—and why movement matters The best exercises for menopause and all its stages support muscle, protect bone health, preserve cardiometabolic health, and help you manage common symptoms such as fatigue, weight changes, mood shifts, and temperature fluctuations. Exe... 4 Tips to send travel weight gain packing Enjoying new foods and immersing yourself in other cultures are central to travel, but don't let weight gain take over. Read on to discover four tips to help you manage your weight while traveling. Affordable protein sources that don’t break the bank! While quality affordable protein, in particular, sounds like an oxymoron, still, budget-wise, healthy eating is possible. Check out these tips for building healthy meals using nutritious, protein-rich foods that don't break the bank. Choose foods for good nutrition with our dietitians’ guide to a healthy daily eating plan With all the choices out there, do you wonder what foods for good nutrition it really takes to create a healthy eating plan? Follow our guide to meet your nutrition needs with a balanced diet of tasty foods. View All Articles Compatible With Start Your Free Food Diary Today Sign up 4.8 • 184,041 Ratings App Features iPhone & iPad app Android app Keto Diet Low-Carb Diet Premium Calorie Counting Weight Loss Science Weight Loss Blog Diet Library Dietitian Team Business Professional Connect Gift cards & Group discounts For trainers For healthcare professionals For families Food database licensing Company About MyNetDiary PlateAI In the News Press Releases Press Kit Copyright © 2025 MyNetDiary Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us FAQ Privacy Terms of Use