MyNorthwest: Seattle News, Weather, Traffic, Opinion & More Close Log In/Sign Up MyNorthwest Home News Sports KIRO Opinion Traffic Weather Lifestyle Podcasts LIVE Radio KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM Seattle Sports Seattle Red News MyNorthwest News MyNorthwest Weather MyNorthwest Traffic MyNorthwest History MyNorthwest Politics Crime Blotter National News World News Money Odd News Photo Galleries Sponsored Stories Opinion Seattle's Morning News Gee and Ursula Jake and Spike John Curley Jason Rantz Sports Seattle Sports Brock and Salk Bump and Stacy Wyman and Bob Seahawks Mariners Kraken UW Huskies The Reset Podcast Tools MyNorthwest App KIRO Newsradio App Seattle Red App Seattle Sports App Search the Site Earthquake Tracker School Closings Share Photos With Us Advertise With Us Employment Contest Rules Connect Contact Us Newsletters Contests and Events Community Outreach Just Serve Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram KIRO on YouTube Seattle Sports on YouTube Seattle Red on YouTube RSS KIRO NEWSRADIO SEATTLE SPORTS Seattle Red | Log In/Sign Up News Sports Traffic Weather Podcasts Video Listen Live Menu THE LATEST Seahawks Roster Moves: WR placed on IR, possibly ending his season Stanwood man charged after allegedly stealing WSP vehicle, leading chase on I-5 11 minutes ago Space Needle set to host largest structurally launched fireworks display in North America 42 minutes ago Mercer Island police investigating after 2 found dead in home 2 hours ago Alaska Airlines IT outage prevents customers from accessing accounts 2 hours ago Woman killed in 2-alarm apartment fire in Lynnwood, 20 people displaced TOP STORIES Seattle sees winter freeze, but meteorologists say it could get much colder Chokepoints US 2 between Skykomish and Stevens Pass set to reopen ahead of schedule MyNorthwest News Meth is making a comeback in WA, DEA warns, and its more potent and dangerous than ever KIRO Newsradio Opinion 'Music to the ears': Ursula on what a Seahawks No. 1 seed means for local businesses LISTEN NOW: LIVE RADIO Listen | Watch Listen | Watch Listen | Watch MyNorthwest Inbox: Email the Hosts WEATHER | Seattle 47° | 30° 46° and sunny TRAFFIC View Traffic Map Watch 6 mins Gee's advice for making 2026 New Year's Resolutions 3 mins Mukilteo ferry dock needs repairs 5 years after opening 3 mins Seattle's office vacancy rate is the 2nd-worst in the U.S. 3 mins Update on the 'boy in the tent' off Seattle's Aurora... 2 mins An Update on the Boy in the Tent 7 mins Ranking the best and worst Christmas songs 5 mins Will Gov. Bob Ferguson's Housing Investment Plan Be Effective? 4 mins Behind the Scenes of "The Lion King" Musical w/ Manda... MyNorthwest News Associated Press Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk An Idaho-based company is recalling nearly 3,000 pounds of raw ground beef that may have been contaminated with E. coli bacteria. MyNorthwest Staff Stage 1 burn ban takes effect in Whatcom County’s Columbia Valley area A burn ban is in effect in Whatcom County, specifically for the Columbia Valley urban growth area and the Peaceful Valley and Paradise Lakes developments. Frank Sumrall Man killed by Vancouver Police after pointing gun, firing shot A man was killed by police in Vancouver after pointing a firearm at a woman and firing at least one round on Dec. 27. Jake Chapman, KIRO 7 News ‘It was hard to see him in that condition:’ Man hit by concrete on Tacoma highway still recovering It’s been more than a month since a man was hit by a slab of concrete on a Tacoma highway while heading home. Frank Sumrall Port Angeles man missing for 2 weeks found dead by K-9 search team A man who went missing near Port Angeles nearly two weeks ago was found dead by a Kitsap County K-9 search team. MyNorthwest Staff Road to Paradise at Mount Rainier reopens 7 days a week after 3-year cutback Mount Rainier’s road to Paradise is open seven days a week again this winter, a quiet return to full access after three years of reduced hours. KIRO Newsradio Opinion Charlie Harger Inside 'the boy in the tent': Conditions were worse than anyone knew Nearly two weeks after KIRO Newsradio first reported on a nine-year-old living in a fentanyl-filled encampment off Aurora Avenue, the tent has been abandoned. Gee Scott and Ursula Reutin Show 'The wording matters': Ursula responds to Kent mayor's criticism of flood alerts Kent Mayor Dana Ralph's comments on emergency alerts highlight the importance of communication during crises. John Curley Show John Curley shares Holocaust survivor's powerful story behind 'Man's Search for Meaning' Explore Dr. Viktor Frankl's profound lessons on finding purpose in life, as shared by John Curley on KIRO Newsradio. John Curley Show 'The pie is not fixed, Bob': Curley dismisses Ferguson's bid for millionaire income tax Washington Gov. Ferguson's 9.9% income tax on millionaires faces dismissal amid budget shortfall discussions for 2026. Gee Scott and Ursula Reutin Show 'It's largely performative': Ursula calls out land acknowledgments after appeals court sides with UW professor The Ninth Circuit's decision favors UW professor Reges, sparking debate on land acknowledgments in academia and beyond. Gee Scott and Ursula Reutin Show 'Pretty darn spectacular': Ursula shares her favorite WA Christmas attractions Explore festive markets and light displays in Washington's best Christmas attractions for a magical holiday experience. SeattleSports.com Brent Stecker Seahawks Roster Moves: WR placed on IR, possibly ending his season The Seattle Seahawks announced five roster moves on Tuesday, four days before taking on the San Francisco 49ers in an epic primetime matchup. Cameron Van Til Seahawks Playoff Update: What happens if Seattle loses to 49ers If the Seattle Seahawks beat the 49ers, they win the NFC West and claim the No. 1 seed. What about if they lose? There's now clarity on that too. Brent Stecker 49ers CB Deommodore Lenoir again calls out Seattle Seahawks’ JSN For the second time in less than a year, San Francisco 49ers CB Deommodore Lenoir made headlines by calling out star Seattle Seahawks WR Jaxon Smith-Njigba. The Associated Press Seahawks Status Report: A win away from the No. 1 seed With the NFC West title and No. 1 seed to the playoffs in reach, the Seattle Seahawks' rushing attack that has been an Achilles’ heel has rounded into form of late. Brent Stecker How much does Rashid Shaheed injury hurt the Seahawks? Seahawks wide receiver and Pro Bowl return man Rashid Shaheed has a concussion, putting his availability in doubt for Saturday's huge game. The Associated Press Kraken fall in shootout to Canucks, snapping 4-game win streak Kevin Lankinen made 37 saves and Liam Ohgren had the lone shootout goal in the Vancouver Canucks’ 3-2 victory over the Seattle Kraken on Monday night. Seattle Red Jason Rantz Lincoln statue vandalized again as red paint splashed across downtown Spokane Downtown Spokane’s Abraham Lincoln statue was vandalized with red paint again, echoing past attacks on historic monuments. City crews plan cleanup. Jason Rantz New law means more marijuana ads coming to Washington streets Washington’s new marijuana advertising law takes effect Jan. 1, expanding pot shop signage and raising questions about business growth and normalization. Jason Rantz Army veteran, state senator eyes Dan Newhouse’s open House seat State Sen. Matt Boehnke forms an exploratory committee for a potential run in Washington’s 4th Congressional District after Rep. Dan Newhouse exits the race. Jason Rantz Rantz: Washington wants to erase its failed business climate by rezoning it away for housing Washington Democrats want to convert empty malls and storefronts into housing — but Jason Rantz warns it masks the policies that drove jobs out. Jackson Meyer Gov. Ron DeSantis torches Seattle Times claim that millionaire tax won’t drive rich residents out Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis slams a Seattle Times column defending Washington’s proposed millionaire tax, warning it will drive wealth out and pave the way for a broader income tax. Jason Rantz Another longtime Seattle business ditching crime-plagued downtown Ross Dress for Less is closing its downtown Seattle store, highlighting ongoing issues with shoplifting, homelessness, and retail decline in the city core. Podcasts Listen to your favorite shows on your time. The Reset w/ Gee Scott Uinta Triangle The Cal Raleigh Show MyNorthwest Traffic MyNorthwest Staff Road to Paradise at Mount Rainier reopens 7 days a week after 3-year cutback Mount Rainier’s road to Paradise is open seven days a week again this winter, a quiet return to full access after three years of reduced hours. Chris Sullivan Heads up, commuters: Mukilteo-Clinton ferry disruptions start next week Service disruptions on the Mukilteo-Clinton route due to necessary repairs will start next week. Nate Connors Washington State Ferry adjustments with winter schedule and construction The Washington State Ferry's (WSF) winter schedule went into effect Dec. 28, coinciding with several construction projects that will bring additional changes to some routes. MyNorthwest Weather Ted Buehner A poetic recap of Washington’s turbulent 2025 weather As 2025 comes to a close, here’s a poetic look back at a year defined by drought, storms, and December flooding across the Pacific Northwest. Julia Dallas Kitsap County opens severe weather shelters ahead of freezing temps As cold weather hits, Kitsap County activates shelters to ensure community safety and support during severe conditions. Frank Sumrall Cold, dry stretch of weather settles over Western WA ahead of New Year after rain Friday While the weather has calmed, temperatures are only expected to drop in western Washington ahead of the New Year. MyNorthwest Politics MyNorthwest Staff HHS, Robert Kennedy Jr. declare public health emergency for WA after storms, flooding, landslides HHS is declaring a public health emergency for Washington after strong winds, flooding, landslides, and mudslides damaged the region. John Curley Show WA Policy Center: Only 0.5% of CCA funds went to flooding — mostly for planning Discover how CCA's funding response to historic flooding in Washington raises important questions about resource allocation. Frank Sumrall As WA’s roads fall apart, Ferguson wants to 'focus on the basics with $2.1B transportation investment Washington Governor Bob Ferguson is proposing a $2.1 billion investment in transportation, overhauling the state's transportation spending priorities. MyNorthwest Lifestyle Associated Press Florida's rare and controversial black bear hunt kills 52 ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Fifty-two bears were killed during Florida’s first black bear hunt in a decade, state wildlife officials said Tuesday. The bear hunt, which started Dec. 6 and ended on Sunday, had been restricted to 172 permit holders who had won their vouchers through a random lottery involving more than 160,000 applicants. At […] Associated Press Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds NEW YORK (AP) — They’re ready to embark on 2026. Three more dog breeds joined the American Kennel Club’s roster of recognized breeds on Tuesday, making them eligible for many U.S. dog shows and likely increasing their visibility to the pet-loving public. One of the newcomers is a terrier named for a U.S. president. Another […] Charlie Harger Edmonds high school graduate becomes first American to win Young Cheesemonger of the Year An Edmonds-Woodway High School graduate just made history winning the Young Cheesemonger of the Year award. MyNorthwest History Jason Sutich Spotify Wrapped 2025: Seattle's top artists, songs, albums revealed The 2025 edition of Spotify Wrapped was revealed on Wednesday, with a complete list of Seattle's go-to choices for artists, songs, and albums in 2025. Tom Brock Two suspects shot during attempted carjacking on Queen Anne hill A man trying to keep armed thugs from carjacking his sports car on Queen Anne hill early Sunday morning opened fire, apparently injuring two suspects. KIRO Newsradio staff Landscape still bears the scars of Mount St. Helens eruption 45 years later Sunday marks 45 years since Mount St. Helens erupted, killing 57 people and reshaping the landscape of southwest Washington, which still bears the scars of that devastating event. National News Associated Press California delays revoking 17,000 commercial driver's licenses until March after immigrants sue A week after immigrant groups filed a lawsuit, California said Tuesday it will delay the revocations of 17,000 commercial driver’s licenses until March to allow more time to ensure that truckers and bus drivers who legally qualify for the licenses can keep them. California decided to revoke the licenses after Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy pressured […] Associated Press Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump’s administration announced on Tuesday that it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after a series of fraud schemes in recent years. Acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Jim O’Neill announced on the social platform X that the step is in response to “blatant fraud that […] Associated Press Lee Enterprises stabilizes finances with $50M investment led by billionaire David Hoffmann Lee Enterprises announced a compromise Tuesday with billionaire investor David Hoffmann, who offered to take over the nation’s third-largest newspaper chain this year, to help stabilize the company’s finances with a $50 million investment and set Lee up for the future. Hoffmann, whose family investment firm already owns more than 40 other publications, will become […] Sponsored Articles MyNorthwest Staff WSECU Community Champion: Chrystal Ortega's mission to feed Spokane Chrystal Ortega's tireless dedication recently earned her the WSECU Community Champions Award and a $1,000 grant to further the mission. MyNorthwest Staff 'Food is my tool, community is my purpose': Meet the Tacoma chef feeding hundreds for free When Shawn Tibbitts opened Tibbitts FernHill, he was just trying to survive. The small Tacoma restaurant has since earned culinary awards and praise. MyNorthwest Staff Wilcox Family Farms donates nearly 1 million eggs to regional food banks this holiday season Wilcox Family Farms is continuing its cherished holiday tradition of giving back by donating nearly one million eggs to food banks across the South Sound region this season. Seattle, Washington, USA Contact Us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Email Alerts Advertise With Us Employment Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites AIM Digital Agency © 2025 Bonneville International. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Video Policy | Do Not Sell My Data EEO Public File Report | Copyright Infringement | Licensing FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH | 
                FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: Scott Blumenfeld - SBLUMENFELD@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000