What is PikPak
Platform
Price
Referral Program Pro
Resources
English
Log in/Sign up
PikPak - Download files to your private cloud and stream anywhere
20x Faster Download
Private & Secure
Optimized Playback
Try for Free
Why choose PikPak?
RevolutionaryHigh Speed Experience

PikPak provides you with a powerful enterprise-level network service with huge bandwidth. No matter the size of the file, more than 80% of the files can be downloaded to your PikPak ​​private Cloud Drive within a few seconds through the Cloud Download server.

Start PikPak
Average speed of current Cloud Download tasks
Personal broadband average download speed
0MB/s
Average speed of current Cloud Download tasks
0
Current number of Cloud Download tasks
0GB/s
The current full speed of Cloud Download
* If you're familiar with BitTorrent/Magnet Links, please Learn More
UnquestionableSafety

Your Cloud Downloads all happen on the PikPak remote server, and all server communication uses an encrypted protocol, so the ISP cannot monitor what you save.

Start PikPak
Torrent · Magnet · URL

Enter links from Torrent / Magnet / Social Media (X(Twitter)) Posts

PikPak Private Cloud Drive

The cloud server parses and downloads files to your private Cloud Drive

PC · Phone · Tablet

Browse files saved in PikPak anytime, anywhere on different devices

* You see, PikPak is just like a more powerful private NAS
Original QualityPlay Online

You can play the videos you saved in PikPak online at any time like using Youtube and support 4K videos for original quality online playback.

Start PikPak
Compressed Quality
Use an online video site to play
Original Quality
Play online with PikPak
* PikPak will automatically provide you with a variety of video resolution options, which can be played smoothly in various network environments
Enjoy PikPak on multiple platforms simultaneously
Android
Support the latest Android 16
iOS
Support the latest iOS 18
Windows
Support the latest Windows 11
macOS
Support for the latest macOS
TV APP
Support the latest Android 16
Web Drive
Online use without downloading
Browser Extension
One-click parse and save downloadable files or media on the webpage
Most praised
Telegram Bot
Forward to Bot to save TG content directly
Essential Skills
Web DAV
Accessible by any Web DAV client
Excellent and Cost-Efficient Cloud Service
MEGA
US$
0
TB/Month
Cloud Download
Click for Details
PikPak
US$
0
TB/Month
Fast Cloud Download
Click for Details
Google Drive
US$
0
TB/Month
Cloud Download
Click for Details
* PikPak is good at transferring and storing media files such as videos in the cloud, but there are certain quotas for uploading files, etc. No syncing of local photos or documents is provided.
Get Discount

The above prices are calculated based on annual paid premium divided equally into each TB per month. The final price is subject to the payment amount displayed on the purchase page.

A Wonderful User Experience

Here are reviews from Google Play/App Store

52***ku
The experience is very good, the success rate of offline download is very high, and the online playback is smooth
李**了
PikPak is the best magnet download software ever used, and it is also very convenient to transfer
IKi***u
The software is very good, the offline download speed is very fast, and the capacity of the Cloud Drive is also very large, very nice! Go devs!
m***te
The interface is simple and powerful, and Telegram’s videos are stored in seconds
fh**ro
Recommended by champs in the resource community. The offline download speed is super fast. The core benefit is that the resources will not fail. It is much better than ****. Many high-definition videos can be saved instantly and played directly, and all resolutions are very smooth. . There is a free trial period, and now the subscription price in the App is in a preferential promotion. Considering the 10T storage capacity, the price is very decent, so I paid for the annual plan already.
旅***行
I used this app with the attitude of giving it a try, and the result was unexpected; I finally found an artifact for downloading the files I wanted. Also, downloading and playing at full speed is also very smooth.
周**明
This software is simply too powerful and efficent. It solves the troublesome pain point of collecting videos, and there is super large capacity as well as an unrestricted download speed. PikPak has my respect and support.
Xi***ing
Simply Great. 10T huge capacity. Super fast download speed, Supports saving links from Magnet, and social networking sites; also highly integrated with Telegram, sending resources and links to bots can be saved, very easy to use. I've paid for a two-year subscription. I hope I can keep using it.
颜**光
It's the best online storage I've seen so far, You can save offline in seconds, basically all the resources can be downloaded, the download speed is very fast, watching movies is also very smooth. This is a fundamental function for me, Also there is a special Telegram Bot can directly dump all the files, very convenient.
Hu**ing
Proud to say that I am one of the earliest users. The Telegram Bot feature is a great innovation. Again, I hope PikPak is getting better and coming up with more new functions
Mao**Li
The interface is simple and ad-free, the storage capacity is large, the privacy is strong and the download speed is unrestricted. These features makes me very happy to use this product, compared with most of the online storage apps I have used, PikPak should belong to the top tiers. I highly recommend getting it!
gu**yang
The Cloud Download function is very powerful. Basically, downloads are completed in seconds; the 10TB capacity is very sufficient, the download can also run full broadband, online playback experience is also great!
我**22
PikPak is really great, with 10T capacity for Premium members and fast download speed. It supports adding via magnetism and sending files and links to telegram bots, which is very easy to use. I hope I can keep using it.
c**cc
Simple to use, the Premium price is fair, very good experience, especially uploading and downloading without speed limit, The huge 10TB storage is great, and the actual effect is very good. I recommended for users who need to experience, will feel immense satisfaction!
Kh**sin
Super good cloud storage, but also can save files in seconds; newly registered users have 10TB space, download speed is also extremely fast, but also supports saving Telegram, X(Twitter) and other links, highly recommended.
Th**ore
The software works well and basically meets the needs of the core users. The links are basically saved in seconds, but the cold resources are a little slower, but they are saved successfully. Playback is also very smooth, also support subtitles switch, hope more and more good.
Goo**户
I've been using it for a while, and it works very well for me. It saves links quickly, and it can also save videos from various software like Telegram.
ave**Li
I've been looking for a Cloud Drive that is easily accessible and private enough; until I found PikPak, it's really good; fast download speed, you can also add links to the cloud, and cloudcast actually supports playing original pictures ~ ~ conscience! Must support .
lg**99
Cloud is powerful, 10TB space is very powerful, download and online playback speed is very fast; The privacy of the cloud disk is also high, and the data is secure enough.
杨**锋
Too practical!!!!! PikPak is a cloud disk App that can conveniently capture and save videos from Telegram,X(Twitter), Tiktok, just tap Save to PikPak in the above App, and you can save them directly, very convenient.
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Anti-Abuse Policy
Child Sexual Abuse Policy
Copyright Infringement Policy
PIKCLOUD PTE. LTD.© 2025