Genesys Cloud CX

Genesys Cloud CX orchestrates experiences across every customer and employee interaction

Take the tour
Watch the demo

Genesys Cloud CX

Power personalized end-to-end experiences at scale

Genesys Cloud CX® is a leading AI‑Powered Experience Orchestration offering. With it, you can coordinate every step of your customer and employee experience by shaping journeys for moments that matter.

Trusted by businesses of all sizes in over 100 countries, Genesys Cloud CX is a leading customer and employee experience solution. It enables you to increase customer loyalty and employee retention with AI everywhere powering omnichannel engagements, intelligent routing, built-in workforce engagement, end-to-end journey management and more. Use one platform to power more connected, meaningful experiences. Every customer. Every interaction. Every time.

Solutions overview

AI‑powered

With native AI, gain deep customer and employee insights — predict needs, identify trends and make data-driven decisions.

Born in the cloud

With a native API-first, open cloud platform, ensure the agility, scalability and innovations you need to succeed.

Comprehensive platform

Combine customer engagement and workforce engagement with journey management capabilities in a single unified platform.

All the tools you need, all in one place

Orchestrate every experience with full-featured voice, digital, AI, journey analytics, customer engagement and workforce management capabilities — all from one platform.

View all capabilities

Contact center software

Shape customer and employee experiences for the moments that matter.

Digital channels

Optimize, connect and personalize experiences across channels.

AI and automation

Power personalized experiences, mine deep customer insights and more.

Workforce engagement management

Boost employee value and satisfaction while simplifying management.

Customer journey management

Unify all data, uncover insights and orchestrate connected journeys.

Cloud architecture and open platform

Unify your tech stack with a single cloud architecture that does it all.

Modernize your contact center with a CCaaS leader

Genesys Cloud CX delivers true AI-Powered Experience Orchestration

A versatile, comprehensive solution

A modern, cloud-native solution, Genesys Cloud CX delivers unmatched scalability; easy-to-use, ready-to-deploy interfaces; a single tool for building orchestration flows; and an event data platform for multistage data lifecycle management.

Secure. Resilient. Compliant.

The Genesys Cloud™ platform exceeds modern security standards with external penetration testing, attack defense automation, and TLS and AES-256 encryption. You can trust all data remains private — no matter what.

Flexible pricing to suit your needs

Purchase only the capabilities you need. Scaling down or upgrading is easy. With Genesys, you’re investing in a partner that’s proven and a product that’s visionary.

Transform customer and employee experiences with Genesys Cloud CX

See how credit management experts Lowell Norway drove results from unifying inbound, outbound, IVR, email and chat communications on a single agent desktop.

Read case study
94%

average response rates

90%

first-call resolution

20%

boost in agent productivity

See why customers love Genesys Cloud CX
Read all stories

“Using keyword searches, we’re able to identify potentially vulnerable customers who might not be registered for priority services, or situations that require more understanding if discussing issues like credit score ratings.”

Steven Johnson

Workforce Optimization Manager, Northumbrian Water Limited

Read the story

“March was our busiest month for call volumes and our service levels hit 92% compared to 77% the previous year. We’ve also improved schedule adherence by 10% and achieved a 60% increase in agent productivity over 12 months.”

Bill Lewis

Senior Director, Infrastructure and Security Engineering, AdaptHealth

Read the story
See what’s new at Genesys

REPORT

Genesys Cloud architecture and open platform

GUIDE

 Buyer’s Guide for AI and CX

EBOOK

Five trendsetters in AI innovation

EBOOK

Genesys prescriptive migration
Explore all you can do with Genesys Cloud CX

Request a demo and discover how Genesys Cloud CX can help you orchestrate an end-to-end experience that helps customers and employees alike reach their goals faster — and generates the business outcomes you’re looking for.

Get started