Featured Content on Myspace Myspace Search Discover Featured Music Videos People Sign up Sign in Help Site Info Privacy Terms Ad Opt-Out Do-Not-Sell My Personal Information A part of the People / Entertainment Weekly Network. Report Abuse © 2014 Myspace LLC. All rights reserved Prev Article Next Article NEWS DARK SIDE OF THE DREAM NEWS Gatlinburg Shines Merry and Bright for 50th Anniversary Fantasy of Lights Christmas Parade NEWS Lorde, The xx, Turnstile Gather For Kilby Block Party NEWS Hunter Hayes Unveils ‘Evergreen’ Holiday EP; Chosen as Grand Marshal for 2025 Gatlinburg Christmas Parade NEWS Rock Hall Welcomes Soundgarden, White Stripes, Outkast NEWS For Rob Thomas, Music Has Always Led the Way Katelyn Ryan Member Calvin Harris Musician Patrick McCloud Member Ashley Benson Artist, Actor Date, Network, and Connect with People or Profile Type Musician Designer Photographer Artist DJ / Producer Blogger Filmmaker Writer Comedian Actor Model Promoter Venue Brand Developer Entrepreneur Curator Dancer Athlete Activist Entertainer All Genres Pop Rap & Hip-Hop Rock Country Latin R&B Electronic Alternative/Indie Rock Metal Reggae Blues Religious Jazz Classical Folk Gender Male Female Age Search More ▾ NEWS ARTIST OF THE DAY Q&A EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST! TOP 8 PORTRAITS FREE LUNCH 10 THINGS PROFILING PREMIERE CROWD SURFING TATTOOSDAY WRESTLING WEDNESDAY NEW MUSIC FRIDAY MIKE'S FAVORITE THINGS ON THE INNERWEBS PLAYLIST FEATURE IN MEMORIAM GALLERY 20 QUESTIONS #THROWBACKTHURSDAY WHAT YOU MISSED OVER THE WEEKEND EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST! The Best Music Videos of 2025 Rumors of MTV’s demise have been greatly exaggerated. IN MEMORIAM Longtime Cure Guitarist Perry Bamonte Dies Longtime the Cure guitarist/keyboardist Perry Bamonte, who played on such iconic albums as 1992’s Wish and was onstage with the U.K. band for nearly 500 shows over the past 35 years, has died at the age of 65 after a short illness. NEWS Rolling Stones Ready New Album, Won’t Tour In ’26 It’s a day of mixed news for Rolling Stones fans, as the band has nixed plans for a 2026 stadium tour of U.K, NEWS 11 Green Day’s Mike Dirnt Talks About Creating Their Most ‘Essential’ Record in Years Sometimes even Mike Dirnt must escape from loud noises. The Green Day bassist and founding member has just been running around his Bay Area house shutting windows and doors, after gardeners unexpectedly turned up the blowers just when Dirnt was about to jump on the phone. “It was dead silent here until about five minutes ago,” he says with a laugh. “It sounded like they were cutting trees down everywhere.” IN MEMORIAM Update: Rob Reiner, Wife Murdered By Son At L.A. Home Director Rob Reiner and his wife Michele were murdered by their 32-year-old son Nick at their Los Angeles home, according to multiple reports. Per TMZ, the couple were discovered Sunday afternoon (Dec. 14) and appeared to have “suffered lacerations consistent with a knife. NEWS How Run-DMC Made Christmas Cool for Hip-Hop “Christmas in Hollis” almost didn’t happen. According to Darryl “DMC” McDaniels, when Bill Adler, Def Jam Recordings’ first publicist, presented him, Jason “Jam Master Jay” Mizell, and Joseph “Run” Simmons with the opportunity to participate in the 1987 charity album, A Very Special Christmas, they were skeptical. The Best in Music & Culture. All In One Place. Join the Millions of Musicians and Artists on Myspace Sign Up Today NEWS THE LADY OF THE LOWLANDS “I don’t appreciate things without an erotic charge,” says Lera Lynn, a singular wanderer on the Americana borderlands of country. “I know people really love Taylor Swift, but there’s no sex in that music — no sex or death. That’s what I find lacking in some pop music.” NEWS Stevie Nicks, Lorde, Eagles Are In Jazz Fest Groove Eagles, Stevie Nicks, Rod Stewart Kings of Leon, Lainey Wilson, Teddy Swims, Lorde, Jon Batiste, Tyler Childers and David Byrne will headline this year’s New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival, which runs from April 23-May 3 at Fair Grounds Race Course. NEWS 11 Altin Gün Salutes Neşet Ertaş On New Album Amsterdam-based Turkish psych purveyors Altin Gün mine the catalog Anatolian legend Neşet Ertaş for the source material on their new album, Garip, which will be released Feb. 20 through ATO Records. NEWS 13 Dijon Jams With Justin Vernon, Nick Hakim On ‘SNL’ Artist/producer Dijon coaxed Bon Iver’s Justin Vernon back to the live stage last night (Dec. 6) during his performances on NBC’s Saturday Night Live, as the latter joined a super-sized band for the occasion also featuring Zack Villere, Nick Hakim and former Dirty Projectors vocalist Amber Coffman. NEWS 11 Lily Allen Taking ‘West End Girl’ On Tour With her new BMG album West End Girl still buzzing, U.K. artist Lily Allen has announced a nine-date North American tour in support of it next spring. PLAYLIST 5 Albums I Can’t Live Without: Randy Bradbury of Pennywise and 84 Days 5 Albums I Can’t Live Without Myspace Exclusives GETTING NAILED Too Short - Getting Nailed THE PEDICAB INTERVIEWS The Pedicab Interviews: Chris Cole NEWS 19 Screw Parenting Books, I Have Noah Kahan “You guys are so happy right now, I feel bad for what’s about to happen,” Noah Kahan jokes from the center of Boston’s MGM Music Hall at Fenway’s stage. NEWS 26 Evanescence Emerge For First Tour In Four Years Evanescence is bringing Spiritbox, Nova Twins, Poppy and K.Flay along for a 2026 world tour, the band’s first in four years. Dates begin June 11 in West Palm Beach, Fl., and will run through Oct. 26 at Red Rocks Amphitheatre outside Denver. NEWS With Thom Yorke Ailing, Radiohead Postpone Copenhagen Gigs Radiohead are postponing their shows planned for tonight (Dec. 1) and tomorrow in Copenhagen to allow frontman Thom Yorke to recover from “an extreme throat infection which has made it impossible for him to sing. Treatment is underway.” IN MEMORIAM 16 Reggae Pioneer Jimmy Cliff Dies At 81 Jimmy Cliff, whose performance in the1972 film The Harder They Come helped reggae music dent the mainstream for the first time, died today (Nov. 24) at the age of 81. According to a statement from his family, the cause was a seizure followed by pneumonia. NEWS Man/Woman/Chainsaw is Slaying Their Way to Our Ears If the name of the band Man/Woman/Chainsaw sounds familiar, that’s because its members took inspiration from Carol J. Clover’s 1992 book, Men, Women, and Chain Saws: Gender in the Modern Horror Film, which explores the “final girl” horror film trope. NEWS 12 Donald Glover Reveals He Had A Stroke “I had a really bad pain in my head in Louisiana, and I did the show anyway,” he said. “I couldn’t really see well, so when we went to Houston, I went to the hospital, and the doctor was like, ‘you had a stroke.’ And the first thing I thought was like, ‘oh, here I am still copying Jamie Foxx.’ That’s really like the second thing. The first thing was like, ‘I’m letting everybody down.’” NEWS 18 ‘SNL’ Books Ariana, Cher, Lily For Final 2025 Shows The following week, actor Josh O’Connor will host and the resurgent Lily Allen will perform for the first time since 2007. The latter’s no-holds-barred new album, West End Girl, has become a quick critical darling and is also sizzling on the U.K. charts. NEWS 18 Foo Fighters, Guns N’ Roses Ready For Rockville Foo Fighters and Guns N’ Roses will round out the headliners for the 2026 edition of Welcome to Rockville, which, as previously reported, will also feature My Chemical Romance and Bring Me the Horizon when it returns to Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Fl., on May 7-10. NEWS 18 Hayley Williams Leaks Her Own Solo Tour Dates In typically irreverent fashion, Paramore’s Hayley Williams has purposefully leaked details for her first-ever solo tour, which will begin March 28 in Atlanta. Williams intended to tour solo in 2020 behind her album Petals for Armor, but was unable to do so during the early phase of the COVID-19 pandemic. NEWS 21 Chat Pile and Hayden Pedigo Team Up and Get Dirty On the surface, and let’s be honest, underneath the surface too, Chat Pile and Hayden Pedigo make unlikely collaborators. The intersection of DIY noise rock and instrumental guitar soli (as John Fahey called it) has been a lonely crossroads, but somehow the Oklahoma City musicians make it look like a fruitful place to cut deals and hatch plots. NEWS 18 Foo Fighters Go Full Circle During Amazon Music Live’s Streaming Series Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters performs during Amazon Music Live Season 4 at East End Studios on October 30, 2025, in Glendale, California. (Credit: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for Amazon Music)" />Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters performs during Amazon Music Live Season 4 at East End Studios on October 30, 2025, in Glendale, California. (Credit: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for Amazon Music) NEWS 10 Jimmy Eat World Tease ‘Loud’ EP With New Song “Failure” was recorded during 2019 sessions for the album Surviving but was ultimately held back from that project. The song was co-produced by the band and Justin Meldal Johnsen, while Failure leader Ken Andrews engineered and mixed. Check out its skateboarding-themed video below. NEWS 20 Mumford & Sons Confirm Second LP In A Year The material came together quickly last fall at Dessner’s upstate New York studio Long Pond, but was temporarily put on hold while Mumford & Sons focused first on completing the album RUSHMERE, which was released in late March. NEWS 15 Tame Impala Deliver ‘Deadbeat’ Debuts At Tour Opener Performing in the round for the first time, Tame Impala was at times nearly drowned out by the screams of a younger female demographic — some of whom perhaps only discovered the band in recent years through Parker’s collaborations with artists such as Dua Lipa and Justice. Parker also professed to be suffering from some kind of illness (he was drinking Throat Coat tea throughout), but his voice rarely sounded strained throughout the two-plus hour, 24-song set. NEWS 16 ‘Cornucopia Live’ Captures Björk At the Height of Her Live Power Taken from the September 1, 2023, performance at the Altice Arena in Lisbon, Cornucopia was initially released as a concert film directed by Ísold Uggadóttir earlier this year, along with a shortened audio-only version streaming on Apple Music. This new version, released on vinyl and CD, contains the entire 90-minute experience. The concert film is also available on DVD, Blu-ray, and Ultra HD Blu-ray. NEWS 10 Tool, My Chemical Romance Set For Sonic Temple Tool, My Chemical Romance, Shinedown and Bring Me the Horizon will headline the next Sonic Temple festival at Historic Crew Stadium in Columbus, Oh., which will take place May 14-17. Pierce the Veil, Breaking Benjamin, the Offspring, Staind, Good Charlotte, Godsmack and Megadeth will further anchor the bill. NEWS 25 Rosalía Readies ‘LUX’ For November Release Rosalía will make a grand re-entry next month with her fourth album, LUX, which is due Nov. 7 from Columbia. The project was unveiled last night (Oct. 20) around Madrid’s Gran Via, where the lights were turned off and on while revealing the official album artwork (see below). NEWS 13 Tame Impala Unveils New Tunes On ‘Sound Check’ Tame Impala unveils three songs from its just-released album, Deadbeat, as part of the first installment of the new live video series Sound Check at Cherry Lane Theatre. Filmed at the A24-owned New York venue, the episode sports the live debut of album opener “My Old Ways” plus the pre-release singles “Dracula” and “Loser.” NEWS 21 D’Angelo Dies At 51 After Cancer Battle Beloved R&B singer D’Angelo has died at the age of 51 after battling prostate cancer, according to his family. The musician, whose real name was Michael Archer, had backed out of a June performance at the Roots Picnic in Philadelphia “due to a longer-than-expected surgical recovery” without revealing specifics. NEWS 34 New York Alt-Rock Band SAMSARA is on the Verge The meaning of the word Samsara (the cycle of death) may imply the opposite of Nirvana (the circle of life), yet the New York band of the same name is not unlike the iconic grunge band that still defines an era of misfit musicians from the 90’s. Yet the alt rock band, SAMSARA’s musical oscillation and talent stands on its own merit. NEWS 29 Rush Reuniting For 2026 Anniversary Shows Rush will celebrate a milestone anniversary by hitting the road next year for the first time since the 2015 death of legendary drummer Neil Peart. Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson, who are both now 72, will be joined for the shows by new drummer Anika Nilles, who previously played with Jeff Beck and has released four solo albums. NEWS 13 Snapped: Passion Pit Debuts at Cascade Equinox with Rare DJ Set (A Photo Essay) Bringing an inspired DJ set to the Pacific Northwest’s Deschutes County Fairgrounds, indie-electronic favorites Passion Pit joined Disclosure, Sylvan Esso, TroyBoi, Big Gigantic, Chromeo (DJ Set) and others for the storied Cascade Equinox festival. Passion Pit front man Michael Angelakos also joined up with hyperpop/dubstep artist Tracey Brakes for an epic b2b during the set. NEWS 34 Seth MacFarlane Picks Up Where Sinatra Left Off on ‘Lush Life’ You know Seth MacFarlane’s voice. NEWS 33 Bad Bunny Boards Super Bowl LX Halftime Show Bad Bunny will be the first Puerto Rican artist to headline Apple Music’s Super Bowl Halftime Show on Feb. 8 at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, Ca. The news was revealed tonight (Sept. 28) following weeks of speculation about potential stars Taylor Swift and Adele. NEWS 18 Doja Cat’s Pop Life Even in our post-genre era, Doja Cat remains hard to pigeonhole. Since hitting superstardom in 2019, her hits have shifted between hip-hop, pop, R&B, Afrobeat, and even indie singer-songwriter. But even with all that, I didn’t expect Vie. NEWS 36 Post Malone, Lainey Wilson Pull Up For Stagecoach Fest Post Malone, Lainey Wilson and Cody Johnson will headline the annual Stagecoach festival on April 24-26 at Empire Polo Club in Indio, Ca., as part of a wildly diverse lineup that moves ever farther from the event’s country roots. NEWS 35 YUNGBLUD Rocks With Aerosmith On ‘More’ EP One More Time constitutes Aerosmith’s first new music in 12 years and was produced by Matt Schwartz. Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, Brad Whitford and Tom Hamilton all participated in the recording sessions, although Guns N’ Roses/Velvet Revolver’s Matt Sorum sat in for ailing drummer Joey Kramer. NEWS 44 Taylor Swift Bringing ‘Showgirl’ To Worldwide Cinemas Tickets are on sale now for AMC Theaters screenings and hundreds of others around the globe. NEWS 17 Update: My Chemical Romance Extend 2026 Tour Updating a story first posted here on Saturday, My Chemical Romance have bolstered their 2026 touring plans following the announcement that they will perform at three major U.S. festivals next year promoted by Danny Wimmer Presents, including Welcome to Rockville in Daytona Beach, Fl., Sonic Temple in Columbus, Oh., and Louder Than Life in Louisville, Ky. NEWS 28 Coachella Calls On Sabrina, Bieber, Karol G Sabrina Carpenter, Justin Bieber and Karol G will headline the 2026 edition of the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival, which descends on Empire Polo Field in Indio, Ca., from April 10-12 and 17-19. See the complete poster below. NEWS 27 Dogs, Dildos, and Double Neck Guitars: 10 Items Margaret Cho Can’t Live Without Was there ever a time before Margaret Cho? For as long as I can remember, the ever-relevant, effortlessly funny comedian—who also counts actor, musician, and entrepreneur on her résumé—has been part of the zeitgeist. EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST! 30 6 Alt-Rock Artists You Need to Hear Right Now Blending the grandiosity of arena rock with the refinement of orchestral music, NEWS 24 Bad Bunny, Amazon Pact For Puerto Rico Initiatives Bad Bunny and Amazon Music are teaming for a variety of initiatives based in the artist’s native Puerto Rico, including a global livestream of a newly added Sept. 20 finale for his No Me Quiero Ir de Aquí: Una Más residency at José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum in San Juan. NEWS 34 Gorillaz Gather With IDLES, Sparks On ‘The Mountain’ Gorillaz have gathered another highly eclectic cast of collaborators for their ninth album, The Mountain, which will be released March 20 on the Damon Albarn-led band’s new KONG label. Lead track “The Happy Dictator” features sibling pop auteurs Sparks and can be sampled below. NEWS 25 LCD Soundystem Ready Annual NYC Residency Extending a New York-area tradition since 2017, LCD Soundsystem will be back in action this winter with another residency, this time comprising 12 shows across three weekends at Knockdown Center in Maspeth, Queens. Dates for the Bowery Presents-produced run begin Nov. 20 and conclude Dec. 13. NEWS 22 BABYMETAL Is Bringing Kawaii Metal to the Masses That song ultimately appeared on the band’s international debut album, 2014’s BABYMETAL, along with the driving, swirling “Gimme Chocolate!!” NEWS 25 Haute & Freddy Run Away with the Circus It was just last year that Michelle Buzz and Lance Shipp, two seasoned Los Angeles-based pop songwriters, were feeling a little burnt out, and decided to do something different on the weekends for fun. NEWS 20 Alabama Shakes Break Decade-Plus Silence With New Song Amid their first tour since 2017, Alabama Shakes have released “Another Life,” their first new song in more than a decade. The track precedes their debut album for new label Island Records, a release date for which has yet to be announced. NEWS 21 My Chemical Romance Covers Smashing Pumpkins With Billy Corgan My Chemical Romance has covered Smashing Pumpkins’ 1995 rock radio staple “Bullet With Butterfly Wings” on a handful of occasions during its massive summer tour, but the rendition tonight (Aug. 29) at Chicago’s Soldier Field had extra bite. The group welcomed Pumpkins frontman and Windy City native Billy Corgan to guest on the tune, which closed the evening. NEWS 28 The Next Big Names in Music: 2025’s Top Emerging Artists As the music industry continues to transform, a new wave of artists is redefining genres, pushing creative boundaries, and captivating audiences around the world. NEWS 14 Bright Eyes Are Back At The ‘Table’ On New EP Bright Eyes crystallize going to the prom, experimenting with new SSRI medications and navigating the barriers to adulthood on Kids Table, a new eight-song EP arriving Sept. 26 from Dead Oceans. NEWS 20 Mau y Ricky Are Building Their Own Latin Music Empire In the middle of a rainstorm in Miami, Mau y Ricky are finding shelter in the place where they feel most at home—the recording studio. NEWS 32 Bon Jovi Update ‘Forever’ With Springsteen, Jelly Roll Bon Jovi have rounded up a deep roster of special guests for an updated version of their 2024 album Forever, which will reappear Oct. 24 via Island in a new Legendary Edition. NEWS 14 Endless Summer: A Dispatch From Bad Bunny’s San Juan Residency Home is a feeling. Home can be a mountain, an island, a stranger’s home where you’re welcomed like family. NEWS 16 Kendrick Lamar Makes Surprise Appearance With Clipse In L.A. Pusha and No Malice had already begun performing “Chains & Whips,” the studio version of which features Lamar, when the artist himself emerged from the back of the stage to rhyme his verse. Afterward, he took a moment to salute the influence of Clipse, whose recent album, Let God Sort Em Out, was their first in nearly 16 years. NEWS 17 Mastodon Salutes Brent Hinds At First Show In Alaska Mastodon saluted late member Brent Hinds at the end of its first show ever in Alaska last night (Aug. 22), a day after the guitarist, who left the band in March, was killed in an Atlanta motorcycle accident. See fan-shot footage from the Alaska State Fair performance below. NEWS 27 A Stellar Return: Chance the Rapper Unveils Star Line at Airbnb-Powered Adler Planetarium Experience Chicago has a way of making music feel bigger than sound. It’s in the air, the skyline, and woven into the city’s history — NEWS 26 John Power Explains How Cast Landed the Most Coveted Support Slot in Music The last time I saw John Power, frontperson of Cast, was at a mutual friend’s wedding, where he was throwing up out of the hotel window. That was 24 years ago. When I remind him, he says, “Well, you know, those were hedonistic days.” NEWS 40 Maye Opens the Heavens Maye Osorio couldn’t sleep. One day, while buying a yoga mat at the Grand Central Market’s Bazaar in Downtown Los Angeles, she found out why. NEWS 28 Primus Parties At L.A. Show With Tool Members, Matt Stone Chancellor and Burr (on drums) drove the rhythm section on “Too Many Puppies,” while Stone manned the drum kit for a cover of King Crimson’s “Thela Hun Ginjeet,” which Primus had only performed a handful of times since 1994. See fan-shot footage below. NEWS 48 GHOSTBUSTER As I pull up to Sunny War’s small, red and black Craftsman bungalow, the last remnants of the 4 inches of snow that fell earlier in the week are melting under the blue, cloudless sky over her historic Glenwood neighborhood in Chattanooga, Tennessee. NEWS 24 Hayley Williams Has A Nashville ‘Party’ In New Video A week after surprising fans with a drop of 17 new singles, Paramore frontwoman Hayley Williams has unveiled a video for the song “Ego Death at a Bachelorette Party.” Described as a “portrait” of the artist’s Nashville hometown, the Zachary Gray-directed clip finds her milling around the city’s popular Broadway district, hanging out with Tennessee House of Representative Justin Jones and even belting out some tunes in a karaoke bar. NEWS 45 Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Kendrick Lamar Lead MTV VMA Noms Lady Gaga (12), Bruno Mars (11) and Kendrick Lamar (10) lead the nominees for the 2025 edition of the MTV Video Music Awards, which will air live for the first time on CBS on Sept. 7 from UBS Arena just outside Manhattan. The show will also be simulcast on MTV and stream on Paramount+ in the United States. NEWS 41 Talking Heads Reissue Campaign Offers More Versions of ‘More Songs About Buildings and Food’ Though the final Talking Heads album came out in 1988, the band never really went away. NEWS 31 The Owl and the Jazzman Jazz trumpeter and composer Ambrose Akinmusire has a recurring theme in his music: owls. NEWS 29 Bleachers Jam With Hayley Williams, Maren Morris At Newport Folk Jack Antonoff and Bleachers rolled out a host of high-profile guests last night (July 25) during their closing set at the Newport Folk Festival, including Paramore’s Hayley Williams for a brand new song as well as Wilco’s Jeff Tweedy, Waxahatchee, Weyes Blood, Maren Morris, Rufus Wainwright and Dan Reeder. NEWS 16 Michael ‘Fitz’ Fitzpatrick of Fitz and the Tantrums Shares His 10 Essential Vacation Destinations Michael “Fitz” Fitzpatrick is on vacation with his family, which includes three young sons. It’s a brief getaway for the Fitz and the Tantrums frontperson, coming just ahead of the release of the band’s sixth album, Man on the Moon, and a 31-date headlining summer tour. NEWS 28 Post Animal Answers the Question: “What’s a Good Life?” Before Joe Keery became famous for his role as the big-haired, lovable Steve Harrington on Stranger Things, he was a founding member, drummer, and guitarist for the psych-prog rock band Post Animal. NEWS 34 Jakob Nowell Was Born For This It’s natural that Jakob Nowell might not want to be told this. NEWS 20 Billie Eilish Teams With James Cameron For 3-D Concert Film Billie Eilish is teaming with Terminator, Titantic and Avatar director James Cameron for a 3D project, which the singer announced yesterday (July 19) while onstage in Manchester, England. The exact nature of the collaboration hasn’t been confirmed, but it will encompass footage shot at Eilish’s four Manchester concerts through Wednesday. NEWS 29 Korean Brit Pop I don’t remember how I discovered the British-invasion-inspired band HOA, but I was confused when I came across one of the group’s 2024 singles, “Tomorrow and Tomorrow (I Love You).” The music sounded uncannily like the Beatles and the band even looked like them. NEWS 12 X and Los Lobos: Celebrating ‘99 Years of Rock n’ Roll’ Together For the first and last time, venerated L.A. rock bands X and Los Lobos will join forces for a historic co-headlining tour that gets underway in Denver on July 19th. The extensive ’99 Years of Rock n’ Roll’ Tour of North America runs through late November and not only celebrates the respective 48- and 51-year tenures of these musical trailblazers but does so with each of their actual original line-ups in place. NEWS 29 Jeff Tweedy Triples Up On New LP, ‘Twilight Override’ Wilco’s Jeff Tweedy has rounded up 30 new songs for his latest solo album, Twilight Override, which will be spread across three different discs upon their Sept. 26 release by the band’s dBpm Records. The tracks “One Tiny Flower,” “Out in the Dark,” “Stray Cats in Spain” and “Enough” are available to sample below. NEWS 83 Ozzy Osbourne’s Second Memoir, ‘Last Rites,’ Due In October Fresh off what was billed as his final live performances as a solo artist and as a member of Black Sabbath last weekend in Birmingham, England, Ozzy Osbourne has set an Oct. 7 release for his second memoir, Last Rites, from Grand Central Publishing/Hachette Book Group. NEWS 44 Paul McCartney Plots Fall North American Tour McCartney is showing no signs of slowing down. The 83-year-old Beatle will embark on a fall North American leg of his Got Back tour, starting Sept. 29 in Palm Desert, Ca. Dates are on the books through Nov. 24-25 in Chicago. NEWS 13 The Rapture Revive For First Tour Since 2012 2000s era New York rock outfit the Rapture will return to the live stage later this year for their first tour since 2012 and first shows of any kind since four California-area one-offs in 2020. The trek will begin Sept. 16 in Minneapolis and run through Nov. 23 in Barcelona; click here for tickets, which go on sale tomorrow (July 9). NEWS 29 Sorry, Baby’ Dares Us to Smile Wedding comedy with difficult subject matter is serious business. NEWS 21 Pearl Jam Drummer Matt Cameron Steps Down From Band In a stunning development, drummer Matt Cameron, who joined Pearl Jam in 1998 shortly after Soundgarden split up, is stepping away from the band. NEWS 39 Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs Found Not Guilty On Three Most Serious Charges Bad Boy Records mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs was found not guilty this morning (July 2) on the three most serious of the five criminal charges filed against him last year involving sex trafficking and racketeering, but he was found guilty on two counts of transportation to engage in prostitution. NEWS 32 Kendrick, Tyler, Nas Jump Aboard Clipse Comeback Album Kendrick Lamar, Tyler, the Creator, Nas, John Legend and the-Dream all lend a hand on LET GOD SORT EM OUT, the first new Clipse album in nearly 16 years. As previously reported, the project, due July 11, was produced by longtime collaborator Pharrell Williams. NEWS 17 Olivia Rodrigo, Robert Smith Find ‘Heaven’ At Glastonbury Weeks after jamming with former Talking Heads frontman David Byrne at Governors Ball in New York, Olivia Rodrigo welcomed the Cure’s Robert Smith to duet on his band’s classics “Friday I’m in Love” and “Just Like Heaven” yesterday (June 29) at the Glastonbury Festival in Pilton, England. NEWS 27 Public Enemy Put Tech, Ageism In The Crosshairs On Surprise New LP While most of Public Enemy’s biggest songs — including “Fight the Power” and “Don’t Believe the Hype” — NEWS 14 Lorde Opens Glastonbury With Surprise ‘Virgin’ Set “Thank you so much for being with us on the day that Virgin is born,” the New Zealand-reared singer told the crowd. “We decided to play the whole record for you, front to back. This may be a one of one, you know? I didn’t know if I’d make another record to be honest, but I am back here, completely free. And I’m so grateful to you for waiting.” NEWS 46 Taylor Swift Wows Nashville Club With Surprise Performance Taylor Swift gave her first public performance since the fall 2024 conclusion of her Eras Tour last night (June 24) at Nashville’s 1,200-capacity Brooklyn Bowl, as she hopped onstage during a Kane Brown-led benefit for an impromptu version of her hit “Shake It Off.” See fan-shot footage below. NEWS 16 My Morning Jacket Set ‘Z’ 20th Anniversary Shows My Morning Jacket are expanding their summer and fall North American tour with five new shows featuring a complete performance of their 2005 album Z, in honor of the latter’s 20th anniversary. The dates will be tacked onto previously announced stands in Denver (Aug. 15), Los Angeles (Aug. 19), Brooklyn, N.Y. (Oct. 16), Chicago (Oct. 26) and Atlanta (Nov. 1). NEWS 14 Tropical Fuck Storm Batten Down the Hatches Gareth Liddiard snarls wearily about a quarter of the way through the nearly 9-minute title track of Tropical Fuck Storm’s new album, the band’s fourth. It’s familiar territory for the Australian quartet, who’ve been celebrating catastrophe and embracing disaster since they formed in 2017. (The name of their 2024 live record: Tropical Fuck Storm’s Inflatable Graveyard). But Fairyland Codex, arriving on June 20, carries a new undertone: sadness. NEWS 35 Young Thug Welcomes Travis Scott, T.I. At First Post-Jail Show Young Thug got a big lift from Travis Scott, Ken Carson and his Atlanta hip-hop predecessor T.I. tonight (June 22) during his first major live appearance since being released from prison in October 2024. His set capped the three-day Lyrical Lemonade Summer Smash festival outside Chicago and, beyond the guest spots, also featured several live debuts, rarities and covers. NEWS 28 Dua Lipa Dances With Charli xcx, Jamiroquai At Massive London Gigs “So, for this next song, I thought I’d bring a friend out. And let me tell you, she is the biggest brat,” Lipa said by way of introducing Charli. The pair shared vocals and showed off their dance moves while singing the smash hit on the smaller B-stage, harkening back to Lipa’s appearance on the BRAT remix album version of “Talk Talk.” NEWS 26 See Bi-Ray’s New Video with Rebel Wilson That track, “Butterfly,” is the debut from J-pop four-octave girl group Bi-Ray — the latest stars-in-the-making from Japan, produced and formed by legendary composer, Yoshiki. NEWS 20 See Jeremy Allen White As Bruce Springsteen In First Biopic Trailer The first trailer has emerged from Springsteen: Deliver Me From Nowhere, a feature film chronicle of Bruce Springsteen making his classic 1982 album Nebraska. The Boss is portrayed by The Bear star Jeremy Allen White in a movie directed by Crazy Heart‘s Scott Cooper and based on Warren Zanes’ book of the same name. It will be released Oct. 24 by 20th Century Studios. NEWS 21 Brittany Davis Brings The ‘Thunder’ On New LP A sightless, millennial African-American who lived an itinerant childhood before finding her community in Seattle, Brittany Davis has long described herself as a vessel through which any number of musical spirits freely move. NEWS 15 Mary Halvorson Ain’t Afraid of No Ghosts You hear Mary Halvorson play a guitar once—it sticks with you. Info Connections Comments Shares Search Myspace Start typing... DID YOU MEAN Your search did not return any results. Please try again. Photo from You're now in slide show mode. Hitting < pauses the slideshow and goes back. Hitting > pauses the slideshow and goes forward. SPACEBAR resumes the slideshow. Press ESC to exit. Press ESC to close. Close Sign in to Myspace Use Facebook, Twitter or your email to sign in. Don't have a Myspace account yet? No worries, joining is easy. Facebook Twitter Email or Username Password Forgot password? Keep me signed in Sign In Forgot your password? Enter your email or username. We'll email instructions on how to reset your password. Need help? Learn more about how to retrieve an existing account. Your email ? The email you used to create your account. Username ? The last part of your Myspace URL. Ex: myspace.com/ username Back Submit Password request sent We've emailed you instructions on how to reset your password. If you don't see it, don't forget to check your spam folder. Still didnt get it? Go here . Go to Sign In Close Facebook Twitter Email Email or Username Password Forgot login? Don’t have an account? Joining is quick and easy . Join Myspace Getting in is easy. Use one of your social networks or start fresh with an email address. Already have a Myspace account? Sign in . Facebook Twitter Email Join with your email address Email Full Name ? This is how you’ll be known on Myspace. Most people use their real name. Select Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Please select Female Male Unspecified Username ? This is your profile URL. Pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. You can throw in numbers, dots and dashes, too. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Date of Birth ? Please enter the account owner's birth date here. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy . Create Account You're almost ready... We loaded your account with your Facebook details. Help us with just a few more questions. You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining. Facebook Username ? This is your profile URL. We based it off your Facebook details. But you can pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. Numbers, dots and dashes are ok, too. Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Select one Female Male Unspecified Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. Connect me to Facebook friends and artists on Myspace ? You may already know people on Myspace. If we find matches from your Facebook friends, we'll connect you to them right away. Tell my friends about Myspace ? Let your Facebook friends know you’re on Myspace with an update. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy . Create Account You're almost ready... We loaded your account with your Twitter details. Help us with just a few more questions. You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining. Twitter Username ? This is your profile URL. We based it off your Twitter details. But you can pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. Numbers, dots and dashes are ok, too. Date of Birth ? Please enter the account owner's birth date here. Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Select one Female Male Unspecified Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. Connect me to people I follow on Twitter ? You may already know people on Myspace. If we find matches from the people you follow on Twitter, we'll connect you to them right away. Tell my followers about Myspace ? Let your followers know you're on Myspace with a Tweet. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy . Create Account Press esc to close. Close Send a message SEND Welcome to Myspace. Just start typing to find music. Queue Mixes Drop music and videos into the areas below This is your queue. Just start typing to find music. Play Next Play Last Start Radio New Mix Create a mix. Sign in to start building your own. Press esc to close. Close remove Camera File Upload Upload Video remove Post Connecting to your webcam. You may be prompted by your browser for permission. No Filter Grayscale Sepia Nostalgia Hazy Days Orange Love Lomo Filters Cancel Next Myspace Tip close