How To Make a Website – Free Website Builder | Strikingly Limited Time Only: Get a free domain with any yearly plan. Offer ending soon. × English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português Suomi Norsk Svenska Polski Čeština Română عربي Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Log in Sign up Log in Templates Pricing Affiliates Resellers Blog Support Make a website in minutes Build your brand. Conquer the world. Zero code or design skills required. Uh-oh! By continuing, you agree to Strikingly's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . OR Sign up with Facebook OR Sign up with LinkedIn Trusted by millions of entrepreneurs and creatives Making a website has never been easier. Ben Keene Founder, Tribewanted "Within an hour, we had probably our best landing page yet and for a fraction of the price. It's amazing. Since then, I've built about 15 sites on Strikingly – it's currently my favorite startup tech tool." Tsveti Kamova Owner, Red Paper Plane "We chose Strikingly from the very beginning of our project aiming at simplicity and style. Now as our project is growing, we are very happy to see that our favorite platform is enriching its functionalities and will meet our needs." Edd Baptista Painter & Illustrator "There is no formula for what 'cool' is. It's a gut reaction. You just know it the moment you see it." View more customers Featured In The Easiest Website Editor Possible Click anything to edit, and publish instantly.
Absolutely no code or design experience needed. We keep it simple and focused.
Build a beautiful website in under 30 minutes. E-commerce Built In Just add our Simple Store and connect to PayPal or Stripe. Start making sales and getting paid, immediately. Strikingly is perfectly optimized for selling. Add shipping, coupons, membership log-ins, and more. Whether you're selling a single product or a hundred, we make it easy. Turn Visitors to Superfans Powerful tools to cultivate your audience. Create & manage signups, forms, live chat , and newsletters all in one place. You can even register memberships to keep your audience engaged! This isn’t just a static page — Strikingly brings your site to life. All the Features You Need www Domain Names Register a new domain name or use one you already own. (Available after upgrading.) Simple Store Sell products on your site with full e-commerce functionality! Coupons, shipping, digital goods, and much more are all fully built-in. Simple Blog Keep your visitors updated with our super easy blogging. Each blog post gets its own page. Analytics All sites come with analytics built-in. See who's been visiting with easy-to-read charts. Sign Up & Contact Forms Starting a new service or want to get feedback? Just add a sign up form or a contact form! Social Feed Show your Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram feed directly on your site. HTTPS Built-in All websites get HTTPS automatically, for free! Enhanced security, SEO boost, and gain visitors' trust. ...and much, much more! Galleries, video backgrounds, media sliders, custom colors, password protection. It's all integrated into our slick, modern designs and our intuitive editor. 24/7 Support Message us anytime by email or live chat. Our Happiness Team is always here to help you succeed. Our Customers Love Us We're fanatical about your success. Hear it from our users – Strikingly just works. Seth Godin Bestselling Author I started using this tool and it turns out it's a simple web development tool that is all plug and play... It's hard for me to imagine a website being ten times more beautiful than what you can build with Strikingly. Rebecca Bloom Editor & Writing Coach I run a small business from home and I quit GoDaddy long ago because it was expensive and pretty byzantine. I work part-time and I don't want those hours spent on satellite website issues — I want to maximize my earnings. Strikingly is so intuitive and functional. I love it! I've told tons of my friends about it already. Mike Pacifico Lead Advisor I actually just want to say how impressed I've been with the site/software/mobile app. I looked at a few options before going with Strikingly, but I'm so glad I did. Amazing UI/UX, perfect balance between being simple, yet customizable – and at no point was I "stuck"; everything just seems to work. Great stuff and thanks again! Zia Kusuma PR Manager & Teacher I'm one of your big fans! Strikingly is just amazing! I always had problems choosing templates or themes whether it's on Tumblr or Wordpress, with a bunch of options, but only few (like really few) that suits my taste. But Strikingly won my heart! David Smooke Founder, ArtMap When we first starting looking at Strikingly, we were taken back by how beautiful things were. Strikingly makes it so easy to make their templates your own that by the time you're done, the page won't have a "theme," it'll be yours. Ease of use, check. Beautiful, check. Different, check. View more love Talk of the Town - Curated tweets by Strikingly We help entrepreneurs & creatives thrive. Uh-oh! By continuing, you agree to Strikingly's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . OR Sign up with Facebook OR Sign up with LinkedIn Strikingly Templates AI Site Builder Pricing & Plans Extras Strikingly Kickstart AI Logo Maker iPhone App Community Strikingly Blog Idea Forum Sitemap Partners Affiliate Program Agencies & Resellers Company We're Hiring! Our Manifesto Terms & Privacy Help & Support Knowledgebase Cookie Use We use cookies to improve browsing experience, security, and data collection. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies for advertising and analytics. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Learn More Accept all Settings Decline All Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. These cookies can’t be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies help us better understand how visitors interact with our website and help us discover errors. Preferences Cookies These cookies allow the website to remember choices you've made to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. Save About Strikingly Strikingly brings beautiful mobile websites to everyone. What's so special about a Strikingly site? Simplicity, clarity, and accessibility. Owning a professional, mobile-optimized website is more important than ever. Don't lose your visitors under the weight of a heavy, confusing website. The same goes for editing: don't stress out about micromanaging your site, and don't waste time wondering where to change something. Edit it all on one screen, and get it done fast. Support For help with using Strikingly, please email support@strikingly.com. Press For press inquiries, please email press@strikingly.com. Social Media You can also reach out to us on Facebook or Twitter . × Launch Your Site in Minutes Build your site on-the-go DOWNLOAD STRIKINGLY APP Pick a template. Edit. Publish. All on your phone. Cookie Use We use cookies to improve browsing experience, security, and data collection. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies for advertising and analytics. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Learn More Accept all Settings Decline All Cookie Settings Necessary Cookies These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. These cookies can’t be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies help us better understand how visitors interact with our website and help us discover errors. Preferences Cookies These cookies allow the website to remember choices you've made to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. Save