LOG IN
 Log in
Templates
Pricing
Affiliates
Resellers
Blog
Support
   
  
 
Make a website in minutes

Build your brand. Conquer the world.
Zero code or design skills required.

 
 
 
By continuing, you agree to Strikingly's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
OR SIGN UP WITH FACEBOOK
Trusted by millions of entrepreneurs and creatives

Making a website has never been easier.

Ben Keene

Founder, Tribewanted

"Within an hour, we had probably our best landing page yet and for a fraction of the price. It's amazing. Since then, I've built about 15 sites on Strikingly – it's currently my favorite startup tech tool."

Tsveti Kamova

Owner, Red Paper Plane

"We chose Strikingly from the very beginning of our project aiming at simplicity and style. Now as our project is growing, we are very happy to see that our favorite platform is enriching its functionalities and will meet our needs."

Edd Baptista

Painter & Illustrator

"There is no formula for what 'cool' is. It's a gut reaction. You just know it the moment you see it."

VIEW MORE CUSTOMERS

Featured In



                    
The Easiest Website Editor Possible

Click anything to edit, and publish instantly. Absolutely no code or design experience needed.

We keep it simple and focused. Build a beautiful website in under 30 minutes.






E-commerce Built In

Just add our Simple Store and connect to PayPal or Stripe. Start making sales and getting paid, immediately.

Strikingly is perfectly optimized for selling. Add shipping, coupons, membership log-ins, and more. Whether you're selling a single product or a hundred, we make it easy.




Turn Visitors to Superfans

Powerful tools to cultivate your audience. Create & manage signups, forms, live chat, and newsletters all in one place. You can even register memberships to keep your audience engaged!

This isn’t just a static page — Strikingly brings your site to life.

All the Features You Need
www
Domain Names

Register a new domain name or use one you already own. (Available after upgrading.)

Simple Store

Sell products on your site with full e-commerce functionality! Coupons, shipping, digital goods, and much more are all fully built-in.

Simple Blog

Keep your visitors updated with our super easy blogging. Each blog post gets its own page.

Analytics

All sites come with analytics built-in. See who's been visiting with easy-to-read charts.

Sign Up & Contact Forms

Starting a new service or want to get feedback? Just add a sign up form or a contact form!

Social Feed

Show your Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram feed directly on your site.

HTTPS Built-in

All websites get HTTPS automatically, for free! Enhanced security, SEO boost, and gain visitors' trust.

 
...and much, much more!

Galleries, video backgrounds, media sliders, custom colors, password protection. It's all integrated into our slick, modern designs and our intuitive editor.

 24/7 Support

Message us anytime by email or live chat. Our Happiness Team is always here to help you succeed.

Our Customers Love Us

We're fanatical about your success. Hear it from our users – Strikingly just works.



SETH GODIN
Bestselling Author	

I started using this tool and it turns out it's a simple web development tool that is all plug and play... It's hard for me to imagine a website being ten times more beautiful than what you can build with Strikingly.

REBECCA BLOOM
Editor & Writing Coach	

I run a small business from home and I quit GoDaddy long ago because it was expensive and pretty byzantine. I work part-time and I don't want those hours spent on satellite website issues — I want to maximize my earnings. Strikingly is so intuitive and functional. I love it!

I've told tons of my friends about it already.

MIKE PACIFICO
Lead Advisor	

I actually just want to say how impressed I've been with the site/software/mobile app. I looked at a few options before going with Strikingly, but I'm so glad I did.

Amazing UI/UX, perfect balance between being simple, yet customizable – and at no point was I "stuck"; everything just seems to work. Great stuff and thanks again!

ZIA KUSUMA
PR Manager & Teacher	

I'm one of your big fans! Strikingly is just amazing! I always had problems choosing templates or themes whether it's on Tumblr or Wordpress, with a bunch of options, but only few (like really few) that suits my taste. But Strikingly won my heart!

DAVID SMOOKE
Founder, ArtMap	

When we first starting looking at Strikingly, we were taken back by how beautiful things were. Strikingly makes it so easy to make their templates your own that by the time you're done, the page won't have a "theme," it'll be yours. Ease of use, check. Beautiful, check. Different, check.

We help entrepreneurs & creatives thrive.

 
 
 
By continuing, you agree to Strikingly's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
OR SIGN UP WITH FACEBOOK
Strikingly
Templates
AI Site Builder
Pricing & Plans
Extras
Strikingly Kickstart
AI Logo Maker
iPhone App
Community
Strikingly Blog
Idea Forum
Sitemap
Partners
Affiliate Program
Agencies & Resellers
Company
We're Hiring!
Our Manifesto
Terms & Privacy
Help & Support
Knowledgebase
Cookie Use
We use cookies to improve browsing experience, security, and data collection. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies for advertising and analytics. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Learn More
Accept all
Settings
Decline All
Cookie Use
We use cookies to improve browsing experience, security, and data collection. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies for advertising and analytics. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Learn More
Accept all
Settings
Decline All