Open menu
Advice
Contact
Get started
Professional therapy by licensed therapists

Schedule a time to talk with a therapist by phone, video, or online messaging.

Get Started
 This website is owned and operated by BetterHelp, who receives all fees associated with the platform.
Let us do the hard work for you

Get matched to a directory of professional, credentialed therapists.

Choose who is best for YOU, not best for your commute.

More convenient than traditional therapy.

Phone, video, and chat sessions
Message your therapist between sessions
Write out your experiences as they're happening
Have sessions from the comfort of your own home
Testimonials
Client review for		Review for Dr. Tara MatthewsPhD, LPC

"She is understanding and non-judgmental, and I look forward to my journey with her to gain clarity." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Rachia WellnerLMFT

"Rachia has been a tremendous help to me while going through a difficult break up. Don't know where I would be without her support." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Katherine PageLCSW

"Katherine is very helpful and understanding. I am so grateful to be working with her and feel like I can really get some real help." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Rachia WellnerLMFT

"I tried different therapists, but with her I felt an immediate connection. She is there for me every time I need her, helping me feel stronger." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Dr. Leila OrtizPhD, LPC

"I've found the sessions with Dr Ortiz extremely helpful so far. This is the first time I've used a counsellor and she has been warm, friendly, approachable and extremely understanding. Thank you for everything." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Cindi StewartLPCC

"Cindi has been hugely helpful. Discussing things over email, rather than face to face, gives time for each point to sink in." - Member review

Client review for		Review for Sarah SutherlandMA, LPC

"Sarah is such a great listener, I feel like she is a friend. She always encourages me, and it's so nice to have someone objective to talk to about what's going on in my life!" - Member review

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Get started
×
Your session is about to expire!

You will be logged out in seconds.

Keep me active Log out
Language settings
Choose language:
Save
Don't use MyTherapist if you are having a crisis or someone you know may be in danger. Get immediate help.
Home
Advice
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sharing Settings
Web Accessibility
© 2026 MyTherapist