 TIMEZERO | Marine Navigation Software toggle navigation English français español English My TIMEZERO About Contact Blog TIMEZERO A full marine navigation software solution for recreational sailing and motor boat users or for professional navigation, choose the product that better suits your need. Explore our solutions Recreational Software TZ Navigator is a cutting edge navigation software, perfect fit for recreational sailing and motor boat users. Discover TZ Navigator TZ iBoat The only app you need at sea! All the features necessary for safe navigation at your fingertips. Discover TZ iBoat Professional Software The latest generation of marine navigation software and the one sole product suiting all the needs of professionals at sea. Professional Solutions TZ Maps TZ Maps - A revolutionary development in the world of maritime cartography Discover our charts TZ Coastal Monitoring TZ Coastal Monitoring is the first true turnkey solution for Maritime Surveillance. Learn More Previous Next TIMEZERO: 35 years of cutting-edge navigation software TZ Navigator The cutting edge software for recreational navigation TZ Professional The latest generation of professional navigation software TZ Maps The best provider for electronic nautical charts over the world TZ Coastal Monitoring The next generation of Maritime surveillance systems TZ iBoat The best marine navigation app. Detailed charts, GPS and Weather Access to your personal interface My TIMEZERO to enjoy all your online services including free weather forecast, TZ Cloud ecosystem and synchronization, TZ iBoat iOS app and be part of the TZ Community! Log in My TIMEZERO Did you know all TIMEZERO user guides are easily accessible online? Official TIMEZERO technical and user documentation is the best guarantee for the best setup and use! Discover TZ iBoat, the only app you need at sea! Navigate the seas with the most complete marine charts for coastal boating, sailing, and fishing with or without internet. GPS, anchoring, radar, AIS, tides, & tidal currents... This next-generation chart plotter is essential for sailors, boaters, and fishermen of all levels! TZ iBoat is the most advanced boat navigation app on the market and possesses all the essential features for safe maritime navigation. Experience the revolutionary TZ MAPS: a cutting-edge marine chart format that integrates Raster and Vector data, detailed land information, high-resolution satellite photos, and high-resolution Bathymetry. Unlock the full potential of TZ MAPS with a free 7-day trial. Learn more TZ Navigator + 15 K users around the world 84 % of users are very satisfied with TZ Navigator 77 % of users are very satisfied with chart features Tailored training sessions to better manage your navigation software Thanks to a close relationship we maintain with our international partners, we are able to offer tailor-made training sessions. Whether you are a professional or a recreational boater, we put at your disposal our knowledge and know-how to help you optimize your navigation. At our authorized partners’ centers, our offices or remotely, the TIMEZERO team members are here to answer your questions and help you to configure your software and instruments. From basic functionalities to the integration of navigation tools, our TIMEZERO technicians are here to help you. News & Events Available for iPhone and compatible with TZ Cloud Discover the new TIMEZERO – FURUNO ecosystem! It allows for real-time synchronization between TZ PC software, FURUNO NavNet TZtouch2 and 3 MFD, TIMEZERO online platform and now TZ iBoat app for iPad and iPhone! Read More A 2022 NMEA Product Excellence Award for TZ Professional For the sixth consecutive year, Nobeltec has been awarded « Best Marine Navigation Software » thanks to TZ Professional at the NMEA 2022 Awards. Discover We are excited to announce the official-launch of TZ MAPS A revolutionary development in the world of maritime cartography, unlike anything seen before! TZ MAPS combines several data types: Raster, Vector, detailed land information, high-resolution satellite photos, and high-resolution Bathymetry, in addition to new advanced features! Discover TZ Navigator: New Weather Routing Module New Weather Model Iridium Go! Compatibility Discover Software TZ Navigator TZ Professional TZ iBoat Upgrade to TZ Navigator Upgrade to TZ Professional TIMEZERO Features Modules TZ Weather Routing TZ Radar TZ PBG TZ Sounder TZ WASSP TZ DFF3D TZ S63 TZ VDR TZ Trawl Positioning TZ Bottom Hardness Module compatibility Services TZ Cloud TZ Weather Premium TZ Ocean-O Premium Chart Raster vs. Vector Charts European HR Tidal Currents HR Satellite Photos TZ Maps Chart Catalog List of marine charts classified by data type Info About us Contact us TIMEZERO Store Find a reseller Newsletter Signup App Newsletter Signup Work with us TIMEZERO Footer Legal Information Terms and Conditions of Sales Terms of Use Privacy Statement Photos Credits Cookies Useful Links Previous Versions Newsletter Signup MaxSea v2 extranet Nobeltec v2 extranet Social Media TimeZero © 2026