English

Solutions
Blog
Support
Add WOT to Chrome
4.5
+2M Reviews
REVEAL UNTRUSTED WEBSITES
Check If You’ve Been Compromised
Connect with Google to scan your browsing history and see if you've been exposed to untrusted sites.
Connect with Google
By signing in, you agree to data collection and use as described in our Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy
As featured on
What you can get with WOT
Website Security Check
Use MyWOT to run safety checks on any website. Checks are based on community ratings, reviews, and ML algorithms.
Try Now
Safer Browsing
Instantly catch potential threats with the WOT extension. WOT supports all popular search engines including Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo and more.
Try Now
Malware and Virus Alerts
Ensure your online safety. WOT will identify and block phishing scams, malware, and dangerous links in seconds.
Try Now
Search Engine Indicator
Your browsing experience and digital accounts have never been safer than they are with WOT.
Automatically block harmful websites
WOT’s combination of real-time warnings and blacklists provides instant alerts on whether a site is safe or not. Enabling you to shop and browse the web with total peace of mind.
Real-time security information
Make informed decisions by checking sites/links for their reputations, categories and whether or not you should avoid them.
Using a combination of machine learning algorithms and daily updated blacklists, you are safe online, all the time.
Protect your browsing today
UNLOCK PREMIUM FEATURES
Enhance your online protection
Avoid Scams and Malware
Get total online security against harmful websites, scams, malware, phishing, and dangerous links.
Adult Protection
Protect your family and let WOT automatically block websites that are inappropriate for children.
Start your free trial
Adult Protection
Identify and Privacy
Suspicious site detection
Safe Shopping
Anti Phishing alerts
Cross Platforms
Gambling Protection
Real-Time Checkups
Machine Learning
30 Day money back guarantee
Secure Payment
Cancel anytime
HERE’S WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS HAVE TO SAY
“Web of trust is a great addon extension for your browser. The purpose of the extension is to help others determine which websites are safe or not.”
Ranko Menendez
12/10/2020
“I’ve been using WOT since I discovered it, years ago. I have used it on both Firefox and Chrome and depend on it to protect me from the bad guys on the internet.”
Lindsay O'connor
12/23/2020
“I wouldn’t browse the web without WOT. It is a great way to understand if I should spend time reading specific content.”
Cleo Cooper
12/1/2020
All the online security you need to protect you against the most harmful websites and links.
Add WOT to chrome

English

MyWOT

About Us

Contact

Blog

Press

Community

Support

Community

Wiki

Products

Download

Mobile

Developers

Claim a Site

Safety Check

Download

ADD TO CHROME
Privacy Policy
Extension Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Guidelines
© WOT Services LP. All rights reserved
Also available on :
This site uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing, you agree to our cookie policy.
ACCEPT