AI Workflow Automation Platform & Tools - n8n Go from prompt to possibility with AI Workflow Builder [Beta] Learn how n8n.io n8n.io Product Product overview Integrations Templates AI Use cases Building AI agents RAG IT operations Security operations Embedded automation Lead automation Supercharge your CRM Limitless integrations Backend prototyping Docs Self-host n8n Documentation Our license Release notes Community Forum Discord Careers Blog Creators Contribute Hire an expert Support Events Enterprise Pricing GitHub 165,598 Sign in Get Started Flexible AI workflow automation for technical teams Build with the precision of code or the speed of drag-n-drop. Host with on-prem control or in-the-cloud convenience. n8n gives you more freedom to implement multi-step AI agents and integrate apps than any other tool. Get started for free Talk to sales IT Ops can ⚡ On-board new employees Sec Ops can ⚡ Enrich security incident tickets Dev Ops can ⚡ Convert natural language into API calls Sales can ⚡ Generate customer insights from reviews You can ▶️ Watch this video to hear our pitch The world's most popular workflow automation platform for technical teams including Top 50 Github. Our 165.6k stars place us among the most popular projects. 4.9/5 stars on G2. To quote "A solid automation tool that just works." 200k+ community members. This wouldn't be possible without you. Plug AI into your own data & over 500 integrations Browse all integrations The fast way to actually get AI working in your business Build multi-step agents calling custom tools Create agentic systems on a single screen. Integrate any LLM into your workflows as fast as you can drag-n-drop. Explore AI Update Detected Running Custom Unit Testing Update Rolled Back Automatically IT Team Notified of New Ticket Custom Unit Testing Failed Update Installed Self-host everything  – including AI models Protect your data by deploying on-prem. Deploy with Docker Access the entire source code on Github Hosted version also available Chat with your own data Use Slack, Teams, SMS, voice, or our embedded chat interface to get accurate answers from your data, create tasks, and complete workflows. Who held meetings with SpaceX last week? On Wednesday, Joe updated the status to "won" in Salesforce after a Zoom call. On Thursday, Sue provided on-site setup and closed the ServiceNow ticket. Create a task in Asana... Code when you need it, UI when you don't Other tools limit you to either a visual building experience, or code. With n8n, you get the best of both worlds. Write JavaScript or Python - you can always fall back to code Add libraries from npm or Python for even more power Paste cURL requests into your workflow Merge workflow branches , don’t just split them Run. Tweak. Repeat The same short feedback loops that make you smile at your scripts. Re-run single steps without re-running the whole workflow Replay or mock data to avoid waiting for external systems Debug fast , with logs in line with your code Use 1700+ templates to jump-start your project See full product overview See The Results Case Studies How Delivery Hero saved 200 hours each month with a single ITOps workflow "We have seen drastic efficiency improvements since we started using n8n for user management. It's incredibly powerful, but also simple to use." Dennis Zahrt Director of Global IT Service Delivery Read Case Study How StepStone finishes 2 weeks’ work in only 2 hours with n8n workflows “We’ve sped up our integration of marketplace data sources by 25X. It takes me 2 hours max to connect up APIs and transform the data we need. You can’t do this that fast in code.” Luka Pilic Marketplace Tech Lead Read Case Study Enterprise-ready Secure. Reliable. Collaborative. Remove inefficiencies across your org by rolling out automation as reliably as you deploy code. Run n8n air-gapped on your servers or on our secure cloud-based solution. Explore n8n for enterprise Talk to sales Security Fully on-prem option, SSO SAML, and LDAP, encrypted secret stores, version control, advanced RBAC permissions. Performance Audit logs & log streaming to 3rd party, workflow history, custom variables, external storage. Collaboration Git Control,  isolated environments, multi-user workflows. "The idea is that everybody in the organization can use n8n to manage data retrieval or data transformation." Martino Bonfiglioli Senior Product Manager See the case n8n embed Automation for your customers Wow your customers with access to 500+ app integrations to automate their own workflows. Your branding. Our white-labelled tech. Explore n8n embed There’s nothing you can’t automate with n8n Our customer’s words, not ours. Skeptical? Try it out , and see for yourself. Start building Build complex workflows that other tools can't . I used other tools before. I got to know the N8N and I say it properly: it is better to do everything on the n8n! Congratulations on your work, you are a star! Igor Fediczko @igordisco Thank you to the n8n community . I did the beginners course and promptly took an automation WAY beyond my skill level. Robin Tindall @robm n8n is a beast for automation. self-hosting and low-code make it a dev’s dream. if you’re not automating yet, you’re working too hard. Anderoav @Anderoav I've said it many times. But I'll say it again. n8n is the GOAT . Anything is possible with n8n. You just need some technical knowledge + imagination. I'm actually looking to start a side project. Just to have an excuse to use n8n more 😅 Maxim Poulsen @maximpoulsen It blows my mind. I was hating on no-code tools my whole life, but n8n changed everything. Made a Slack agent that can basically do everything, in half an hour. Felix Leber @felixleber I just have to say, n8n's integration with third-party services is absolutely mind-blowing . It's like having a Swiss Army knife for automation. So many tasks become a breeze, and I can quickly validate and implement my ideas without any hassle. Nanbing @1ronben Found the holy grail of automation yesterday... Yesterday I tried n8n and it blew my mind 🤯 What would've taken me 3 days to code from scratch? Done in 2 hours. The best part? If you still want to get your hands dirty with code (because let's be honest, we developers can't help ourselves 😅), you can just drop in custom code nodes. Zero restrictions. Francois Laßl @francois-laßl Anything is possible with n8n . I think @n8n_io Cloud version is great, they are doing amazing stuff and I love that everything is available to look at on Github. Jodie M @jodiem n8n.io Automate without limits Careers Hiring Contact Make vs n8n Press Legal Become an expert Case Studies Zapier vs n8n Hire an expert Tools AI agent report Affiliate program Merch Join user tests, get a gift Events Brand Guideline Popular integrations Google Sheets Telegram MySQL Slack Discord Postgres Notion Gmail Airtable Google Drive Show more integrations Show more Trending combinations HubSpot and Salesforce Twilio and WhatsApp GitHub and Jira Asana and Slack Asana and Salesforce Jira and Slack Jira and Salesforce GitHub and Slack HubSpot and QuickBooks HubSpot and Slack Show more integrations Show more Top integration categories Communication Development Cybersecurity AI Data & Storage Marketing Productivity Sales Utility Miscellaneous Explore more categories Show more Trending templates Creating an API endpoint AI agent chat Scrape and summarize webpages with AI Joining different datasets Back Up Your n8n Workflows To Github Very quick quickstart OpenAI GPT-3: Company Enrichment from website content Pulling data from services that n8n doesn’t have a pre-built integration for Convert JSON to an Excel file Telegram AI Chatbot Explore 800+ workflow templates Show more Top guides Telegram bots Open-source chatbot Open-source LLM Open-source low-code platforms Zapier alternatives Make vs Zapier AI agents AI coding assistants ChatGPT Discord bot Best AI chatbot Show guides Show more Imprint | Security | Privacy | Report a vulnerability © 2025 n8n   |   All rights reserved.