Narcotics Anonymous Skip to content Recovery Resources Find NA Near You Recovery Literature Daily Meditations Virtual Meeting Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Deaf/Hard of Hearing Local Recovery Events Subscribe Service Resources Service Material Service Handbooks Service Basics Service Pamphlets Fellowship Intellectual Property Trust (FIPT) Bulletins Local Service Resources NAWS Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources Public Relations Resources Fellowship Development Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Service Basics Public Relations Resources Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Rural Service Resources Fellowship Development Videos Maps, Diagrams, and NA’s Growth Zones Webinar Archive Local Service Resources Service Committee Updates World Service Conference For Professionals Find NA Near You About the NA Program Who are Our Members? Resources for Professionals NA World Services What is NA World Services? Contribute NAWS Events World Convention and Unity Day World Service Conference NAWS Webinars Annual Events NAWS Participation Requests NAWS Reports NAWS Update WSC Material NAWS Annual Report Miscellaneous Reports NAWS Publications NAWS News Reaching Out The NA Way Magazine Subscribe Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources World Service Conference Get Involved Visit NAWS Online Store US Store Canada Store Europe Store Purchase NA Literature Purchase eLit Order Forms and Discount Policy Free Literature Recovery Resources Find NA Near You Recovery Literature Daily Meditations Virtual Meeting Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Deaf/Hard of Hearing Local Recovery Events Subscribe Service Resources Service Material Service Handbooks Service Basics Service Pamphlets Fellowship Intellectual Property Trust (FIPT) Bulletins Local Service Resources NAWS Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources Public Relations Resources Fellowship Development Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Service Basics Public Relations Resources Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Rural Service Resources Fellowship Development Videos Maps, Diagrams, and NA’s Growth Zones Webinar Archive Local Service Resources Service Committee Updates World Service Conference For Professionals Find NA Near You About the NA Program Who are Our Members? Resources for Professionals NA World Services What is NA World Services? Contribute NAWS Events World Convention and Unity Day World Service Conference NAWS Webinars Annual Events NAWS Participation Requests NAWS Reports NAWS Update WSC Material NAWS Annual Report Miscellaneous Reports NAWS Publications NAWS News Reaching Out The NA Way Magazine Subscribe Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources World Service Conference Get Involved Visit NAWS Online Store US Store Canada Store Europe Store Purchase NA Literature Purchase eLit Order Forms and Discount Policy Free Literature Flyout Menu Recovery Resources Find NA Near You Recovery Literature Daily Meditations Virtual Meeting Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Deaf/Hard of Hearing Local Recovery Events Subscribe Service Resources Service Material Service Handbooks Service Basics Service Pamphlets Fellowship Intellectual Property Trust (FIPT) Bulletins Local Service Resources NAWS Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources Public Relations Resources Fellowship Development Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Service Basics Public Relations Resources Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Rural Service Resources Fellowship Development Videos Maps, Diagrams, and NA’s Growth Zones Webinar Archive Local Service Resources Service Committee Updates World Service Conference For Professionals Find NA Near You About the NA Program Who are Our Members? Resources for Professionals NA World Services What is NA World Services? Contribute NAWS Events World Convention and Unity Day World Service Conference NAWS Webinars Annual Events NAWS Participation Requests NAWS Reports NAWS Update WSC Material NAWS Annual Report Miscellaneous Reports NAWS Publications NAWS News Reaching Out The NA Way Magazine Subscribe Projects and Surveys Workshop and Issue Discussion Materials Current Issue Discussion Topics Service Workshops Issue Discussion Archive General Workshop Resources World Service Conference Get Involved Visit NAWS Online Store US Store Canada Store Europe Store Purchase NA Literature Purchase eLit Order Forms and Discount Policy Free Literature Welcome to Narcotics Anonymous What is our message? The message is that an addict, any addict, can stop using drugs, lose the desire to use, and find a new way to live. Our message is hope and the promise of freedom. Learn More Find NA Near You Read NA Literature Online Store Contribute Resource of the Month Need Help with a Drug Problem? Resources for Members Information for Professionals “When new members come to meetings, our sole interest is in their desire for freedom from active addiction and how we can be of help.” It Works: How and Why, “Third Tradition” Is NA for me? This is a question every potential member must answer for themselves. Here are some recommended resources that may be helpful: Am I an Addict? Welcome to Narcotics Anonymous An Introduction to NA Meetings Who, What, How, and Why Am I an Addict? Welcome to Narcotics Anonymous An Introduction to NA Meetings Who, What, How, and Why Need help for family or a friend? NA meetings are run by and for addicts. If you're looking for help for a loved one, you can contact Narcotics Anonymous near you. Information About NA An Introduction to NA Meetings For the Parents and Guardians Information About NA An Introduction to NA Meetings For the Parents and Guardians Find NA Near You Subscribe to NAWS Emails Sign up to receive Just for Today and SPAD daily meditation emails, as well as NAWS News, NAWS Updates, and more. Click Here Never before have so many clean addicts, of their own choice and in free society, been able to meet where they please, to maintain their recovery in complete creative freedom. Basic Text, “We Do Recover” Recovery Quicklinks: Find an NA Meeting Recovery Literature Virtual Meeting Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Find an NA Meeting Recovery Literature Virtual Meeting Resources How to Start an NA Meeting Service Quicklinks: Service Material NAWS Projects and Surveys Fellowship Development Resources Public Relations Resources Service Material NAWS Projects and Surveys Fellowship Development Resources Public Relations Resources Narcotics Anonymous sprang from the Alcoholics Anonymous Program of the late 1940s, with meetings first emerging in the Los Angeles area of California, USA, in the early Fifties. The NA program started as a small US movement that has grown into one of the world's oldest and largest organizations of its type. Today, Narcotics Anonymous is well established throughout much of the Americas, Western Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. Newly formed groups and NA communities are now scattered throughout the Indian subcontinent, Africa, East Asia, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe. Narcotics Anonymous books and information pamphlets are currently available in 49 languages. Information About NA About the NA Program Who are Our Members? NA: A Resource in Your Community NA and Persons Receiving Medication-Assisted Treatment About the NA Program Who are Our Members? NA: A Resource in Your Community NA and Persons Receiving Medication-Assisted Treatment Learn More about NA Daily Meditations Just for Today A Spiritual Principle a Day Just for Today December 31, 2025 Being of Service Page 381 “ Working with others is only the beginning of service work. “ Basic Text, p. 59 We're in recovery now. Through living the program, we've attained some stability in our lives. Our faith in a Higher Power has grown. Our individual spiritual awakening is progressing comfortably. So now what? Do we simply sit still and enjoy? Of course not. We find a way to be of service. We tend to think of service only in terms of committee service or holding a position at some level, but service goes far beyond this understanding. In fact, we can find opportunities to be of service in nearly every area of our lives. Our jobs are a form of service to our communities, no matter what our occupation. The work we do in our homes serves our families. Perhaps we do volunteer work in our communities. What a difference our service efforts make! If we doubt this, we can just imagine what the world would be like if no one bothered to be of service to others. Our work serves humanity. The message we carry goes beyond the rooms of recovery, affecting everything we do. Just for Today: I will look for opportunities to be of service in everything I do. Read More A Spiritual Principle a Day December 31, 2025 The Compassion of Tradition Three Page 377 “ We reach out where we can, and make an effort to increase our compassion for those who don't match our expectations or whose recovery doesn't look like our own. “ Guiding Principles, Tradition Three, “For Members” In a program where the only requirement for membership is the desire to stop using, it logically follows that there are myriad ways to work the program of Narcotics Anonymous. What doesn't necessarily follow that same logic is the fact that we addicts in recovery can lose our patience–or have none to start with–for addicts whose program differs from our own. For a bunch of nonconformists, we can sure be rigid. We certainly can have plenty of opinions about what works and doesn't work: how and when we work Steps, how we sponsor, what service looks like, to hug or not to hug, to medicate or not to medicate. These are the opinions of individual members, not NA's. Our passion about these opinions comes from our passion for recovery. We know what is working for us and what we see work for others. Yet there are times when we'd do well to infuse that passion for our experience with compassion for others who don't “get it” the way we expect they should. When we keep an open mind about the varied ways that members recover from addiction, we are honoring Tradition Three. When we become earnest in our desire to reach out to other members who are different from us, we are practicing compassion. If there's any logic here, that openness will make us more patient with newcomers because we know that everyone walks a different path. Who knows? We might even learn something. Translated literally from its Latin roots, compassion means “suffering together.” While some may take issue with “suffering” defining what we're doing together in NA, there's one thing that we can agree on: We are in this thing together. ———      ———      ———      ———      ——— I am passionate about what has worked for my own recovery, but I will try to remain open-minded toward others whose paths look different from mine. Today I strive to release any expectations I have that they should recover the same way I do. Read More Do you need help with a drug problem? Find NA Near You “If you’re new to NA or planning to go to a Narcotics Anonymous meeting for the first time, it might be nice to know a little bit about what happens in our meetings. The information here is meant to give you an understanding of what we do when we come together to share recovery…” An Introduction to NA Meetings Subscribe to NAWS Emails Sign up to receive NAWS Updates and NAWS News emails as well as Just for Today and SPAD daily emails. Subscribe Find Meetings Recovery Literature Online Store Contribute Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Meetings Recovery Literature Online Store Contribute Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Get the app: Apple Android Follow us: Instagram Facebook Soundcloud Youtube Copyright 2026 NA World Services, Inc. All rights reserved.