NAACP | Leading the Fight to End Racial Inequality Skip to main content Search Close Close Know the Issues Trending Topics Democracy & Voting National Convention Diversity in Entertainment Covid Know More Race & Justice Education Innovation Environmental & Climate Justice Inclusive Economy Health & Well-being Next Generation Leadership Advocacy & Litigation Policy & Legislation Take Action Action Center Join a Local NAACP Unit Become a Partner Sign up for Updates Become a Member Volunteer Hands Off Our Healthcare Find Resources Know Your Rights Resource Library Resolutions Library Grants History Explained Legislative Report Cards Scholarships, Awards & Internships Trainings & Workshops Youth & College ACT-SO Achievement Program NAACP ON TV Join the Fight Donate Empowerment Programs Join the NAACP Join our community of over 2 million activists across the nation fighting for change and for justice. Become a Member Renew Your Membership Our Work About Ways to Give News Events For Media Contact National Convention Image Awards Close Our Work About Ways to Give News Events For Media Contact National Convention Image Awards Seen us on TV? Start your monthly gift of $19 for a free t-shirt! Keep Advancing NAACP Empowerment Programs Donate Join the NAACP So glad to be a part of this great organization. Setting an example for my kids. Being a part of the change I want to see in the world. Starting in my own community! - Gwenveria S., NAACP member Join our community of over 2 million activists across the nation fighting for change and for justice. Become a Member Renew Your Membership Search Side Menu Know the Issues Trending Topics Democracy & Voting National Convention Diversity in Entertainment Covid Know More Race & Justice Fighting racial injustice by building Black political, social, and economic power Education Innovation A world-class education for all students Environmental & Climate Justice An environmental, social, and economic revolution Inclusive Economy Mobility and a thriving Black economy Health & Well-being An inclusive culture of health and equitable social health systems Next Generation Leadership Support for young leaders and change agents Advocacy & Litigation Fair and just representation for all by standing up for our rights in the courts and in Congress Policy & Legislation We work to turn the Black community's priorities into public policy through the legislative process. Take Action Action Center Join a Local NAACP Unit Become a Partner Sign up for Updates Become a Member Volunteer Hands Off Our Healthcare Find Resources Know Your Rights Resource Library Resolutions Library Grants History Explained Legislative Report Cards Scholarships, Awards & Internships Trainings & Workshops Youth & College ACT-SO Achievement Program NAACP ON TV Join the Fight Search Mobile Menu Side Menu Donate Share Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Give Monthly to Keep Advancing New & Now Blog 2025 in Black: 6 Defining Moments For the Culture Press Statement NAACP, Climate Justice Alliance Condemn Trump Administration's Move to Block State Authority on AI Regulation Press Statement NAACP Calls for Equity-First Approach to AI in Healthcare, Issues Governance Framework to Build Healthier Futures Let's Get Active Get Ready to Vote This election season, we hold the most powerful tool to make democracy work for Black Americans: our vote. Local elections impact our daily lives and our votes make sure we have a say. Get registered, get informed, and get to the polls on Election Day. Tell Congress: End the Shutdown The federal government has shut down  —  the second-longest shutdown in history  —  because Congress has not reached an agreement on a funding bill. Call on lawmakers to reach an agreement in the Continuing Resolution (CR) to fund the government that protects affordable healthcare access. Protect Black Workers In July 2025, the Black unemployment rate rose to 7.2%, the highest level in nearly five years, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Black workers are sounding the alarm  —  not only for themselves but for the nation's economic well-being. Urge the White House, U.S. Senate, and U.S. House of Representatives to take immediate action to stop the economic backsliding facing Black workers Get Involved Grab Your Gear We need all hands on deck this year. Grab your NAACP apparel to show that you're all in for your community. Grab Your Gear Leveraging Our Dollars For Change The Black Consumer Advisory informs and cautions Black consumers about the ongoing and intentional rollback of nationwide diversity, equity, and inclusion commitments. We encourage you to spend your money where you're respected, support Black-owned businesses, and demand businesses prioritize people over profit. Above all, we must continue to advocate for policies that ensure people of color, women, veterans, those with a disability, and all protected groups have equal access to opportunities across the country. Sign the Pledge The NAACP will continue to advocate for policies that dismantle systemic injustices and strive to improve the lives of the Black people and all Americans. - Derrick Johnson, President and CEO, NAACP WE NEED YOU IN THE FIGHT Each and every NAACP member makes a difference to the complex, ongoing work of advancing racial equity. We have driven the hardest-fought wins for civil rights and social justice — with you by our side, we can accelerate the next milestones for Black Americans. Join this multigenerational network of activists dismantling structural racism by using your power to take action on the most pressing issues of our time. Join NAACP today 116 Years the NAACP has spent fighting against racism and discrimination in communities across the country We tackle today's toughest challenges Pause Race & Justice Racial equity and justice through discourse and policy change Explore Race & Justice 30% likelihood of a Black person to be stopped without just cause than a white person 65% of Black adults have felt targeted because of their race Advocacy & Litigation Fair and just representation for all by standing up for our rights in the courts and in Congress Explore Advocacy & Litigation 675k calls made by NAACP volunteers to Black voters in 2020 10 battleground states reached during 2020 election year Inclusive Economy Mobility and a thriving Black economy Explore Inclusive Economy 10X more income made by White families than Black families 80% higher mortgage denial rate for Blacks applicants than white applicants Education Innovation A world-class education for all students Explore Education Innovation 32% of Black students lived in poverty in 2018 45% of Black students attended high-poverty schools in fall 2017 Health & Well-being An inclusive culture of health and equitable social health systems Explore Health & Well-being 34% of COVID-19 deaths were among non-Hispanic Black people 3x Black women are three times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes Environmental Climate Justice An environmental, social, and economic revolution Explore Environmental Climate Justice 68% of Black Americans live or have lived within 30 miles of a coal-fired power plant over the past several decades 60% of Black Americans live in communities with uncontrolled toxic waste sites Next Generation Leadership Support for young leaders and change agents Explore Next Generation Leadership 300k young people have participated in the NAACP ACT-SO Achievement Program 40+ years producing top Black talent through ACT-SO See all issues NAACP is leading the fight for justice Ensure that Black America continues to thrive This year will be pivotal. When it comes to civil rights and social justice, we have the unique ability to secure more wins than anyone else. The issues that affect our community will make or break how we continue to thrive in this country. Together, let's amplify the voice of Black America to make sure solutions to our most pressing issues are equitable. NAACP in your community One NAACP We are advocates united in the fight to end racial inequality. Become a Member Stay informed Submit Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Store Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2025 NAACP. All Rights Reserved. Give Monthly To Keep Advancing You can become a Champion for Change and receive a t-shirt with your monthly gift of $19 a month or more right now. Make a Difference - Donate $19 $25 $50 $75 $150 $228 $1000 Other