NACE NACE Jobwire NACE Community Store MyNACE MyNACE Join/Renew Sign In Sign Out NACE JobWire NACE Community Store Membership Membership Join/Renew Member Benefits Membership Pricing Membership FAQs Member Organizations Mentoring MyNACE About Us Professional Development Professional Development Upcoming Events Competency Symposium HBCU Summit MLI NACE Learning Platform NACE Certification Share Your Expertise Conference Research Research First‑Destination Job Outlook NACE Quick Polls Research Reports Custom Research Survey Instruments Join/Renew Sign In Sign Out Career Readiness What Is Career Readiness Competency Assessment Tool Faculty/Staff Fellows Resources Featured Articles Trends & Predictions Best Practices Competencies Career Development Featured Articles Trends & Predictions Student Attitudes Best Practices Branding & Marketing Organizational Structure Special Populations Internships Standards/Competencies Talent Acquisition Featured Articles Trends & Predictions Student Attitudes Candidate Selection Best Practices Branding & Marketing Organizational Structure Internships Standards/Competencies Inclusion Featured Articles NACE Commitment Trends & Predictions Best Practices Individuals With Disabilities Resources DEI Annual Report Job Market Featured Articles Trends & Predictions Graduate Outcomes Compensation Internships Public Policy & Legal Featured Articles Legal Issues Legislation & Regulations Your NACE membership expires soon!  >> X Your NACE Membership expires on Previous Slide < Next Slide > Just Released 2026 Job Outlook Our research reveals a cautious recruiting landscape, where employer hiring plans for new college graduates appear to be leveling off. See what else we uncovered about the job market for the Class of 2026. Get the free report Employers Say Career Services Is Important to Their Recruiting Success Providing insights and fostering relationships across campus are two ways career services helps employers. Read more What Happened to the Class of 2024? Explore the employment status, average starting salary, and more for 823,500 new college grads. NACE’s First-Destinations for the College Class of 2024 – free to all -- looks at where new college graduates landed
                                    within the first six months of graduation. Read more Class of 2026 Hiring Flat for the College Class of 2026 November 11, 2025 By: Kevin Gray Reflecting an uncertain job market for college graduates, employers are projecting just a 1.6% increase in hiring for the Class of 2026 when compared to the Class of 2025. Read more. Sponsored content General hiring tools are failing campus recruiters this fall General tools weren’t built for the unique challenges and faster pace of campus recruiting. See how purpose-built solutions are helping employers scale programs, improve ROI, and hire faster. Dive deeper. Updated November 18 Latest Federal Update The Trump administration has issued several executive orders and taken other actions that impact the work of career services and early talent recruiting professionals. Read more. Internships + Skills Employer Communication Helps Interns Connect Skills Development to the Job Search December 08, 2025 By: Kevin Gray Students embrace hands-on skills development through experiential learning and report that employers are helping them develop key skills they need as they prepare for the workplace. Read more. AI NACE Quick Poll: Use of AI by Career Centers to Help Students Is Growing November 11, 2025 By: Mary Gatta The use of AI in career centers to help students in their employment journey has grown substantially in recent years, according to results of NACE’s recent Quick Poll on Career Services Benchmarks. Read more. Best Practices Ways Employers Can Strengthen Valuable Relationships With Career Centers December 08, 2025 By: Kevin Gray Employers looking to maximize their campus recruiting efforts should establish and grow relationships with career services. There are several key steps they can take to do so. Read more. Upcoming events View all events Date: For: Date: For: Date: For: Date: For: Date: For: INSIGHTS Trending data 1.6% Projected increase in hiring, Class of 2026 versus Class of 2025 45% Percent of employers that rate the job market for Class of 2026 grads as “fair” 10.5% Percent of entry-level job posts that now require AI skills Now hiring Browse open positions Get involved at NACE View volunteer opportunities Business solutions View buyers guide 1-610-868-1421 [email protected] Contact NACE Staff NACE Careers NACE believes in a world that is inclusive in approach and where opportunity and access exist for all. ABOUT THE ASSOCIATION About Us Membership Professional Development Conference Research Advocacy NACE Community NACE Buyers Guide What Is an Internship? Press Room Member Voices Join / Renew Get Involved Media Kit NACE Jobwire Store © National Association of Colleges and Employers. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Copyright | Code of Ethics | Refund Policy Chat with us , powered by LiveChat