NAEYC Skip to main content Advertisement NAEYC Join/Renew Login Shop Our Work For Educators Join or renew your membership and unlock unbeatable member benefits. For Families Find research-based resources, tips and ideas for families—from child development to reading, writing, music, math, and more! For Faculty and Students Search an ECE degree directory, explore professional standards, and join our community of practice. For Advocates and Policymakers Engage with our policy agendas , advocacy resources , and current initiatives. Resources Books Learn about and purchase the best books and resources to support young children's learning and development. Young Children Stay up to date with research-based, teacher-focused articles on birth to age 8 in our award-winning, peer-reviewed journal. Educating Young Children Read NAEYC's new member-exclusive magazine for early learning community and practice! (Access past issues of TYC here.) Professional Development Enhance your career and improve your knowledge, skills, and practices with our online training . Topics Explore key early childhood topics such Developmentally Appropriate Practice, play, and math. Blog Stay up-to-date on issues in early childhood education and hear perspectives from a wide range of educators. Position Statements Learn about NAEYC’s informed positions on significant issues affecting young children’s education and development. Events Annual Conference Discover the latest research and best practices, and engage with our diverse community of professionals! Professional Learning Institute Ignite and fulfill your professional development goals! Public Policy Forum Join us at the members-only event and build your advocacy skills, expand your networks, and advance federal and state early childhood policy. Week of the Young Child Celebrate young children and their families with hands-on activities encouraging movement and healthy lifestyles through music, food, and art. Sponsor with NAEYC Find a sponsorship opportunity that’s right for you and help support early childhood educators, parents, and other professionals. Trainings & Webinars Deepen your professional knowledge wherever you are with NAEYC’s exciting webinar series and online and face-to-face training opportunities. Accreditation Early Learning Program Quality Assessment & Accreditation Discover the benefits of early childhood accreditation, learn about the s implified process , find support and resources for your program or login to the accreditation portal . Early Learning Accreditation Portal Login to the Early Learning Accreditation Portal to take charge of your accreditation process. Higher Education Accreditation Explore accreditation of early childhood higher education programs, discover the accreditation system standards , and view a list of accredited programs . Accreditation Research Databases Access accreditation data on early learning and higher education program characteristics and quality for research purposes. Get Involved Learn about Membership Join your professional membership association, explore local Affiliates , and access unbeatable member benefits. Advance your Career Explore jobs in the Career Center and find higher education and professional development opportunities. Become an Advocate Develop grassroots efforts advancing early childhood in your community with these tools and resources. Join our Communities Say HELLO and discuss, network, and connect with our interest forums and online communities. Align with Us Support our mission and reach the NAEYC audience through your advertisement, conference exhibit booth, or sponsorship. Leadership Opportunities Become a leader in your professional association. About Us People Read about NAEYC’s leadership , mission, values and beliefs , and strategic governance . Partner Become an organizational or corporate partner to inspire early childhood education at the local and national level. News and Updates Stay current on all things related to your professional association, from book releases to policy updates. Careers at NAEYC Join NAEYC’s team and help us advance the education of young children across the country. Donate Support access to high-quality early childhood education programs and opportunities and resources for educators. Contact Us Contact us with your questions-- we're here to help! Search X Search Enter your keywords Popular Searches: DAP ; Coping with COVID-19 ; E-books ; Anti-Bias Education ; Online Store National Association for the Education of Young Children Promoting high-quality learning by connecting practice, policy, and research About Us Explore OFFICE CLOSURE: Please note the NAEYC offices will be closed in observance of the Winter holidays and New Years starting Thursday, December 25. Our offices will reopen Monday, January 5th. We wish everyone a happy and healthy holidays! Spotlight Join or Renew Your NAEYC Membership Today! Members Only 2026 Public Policy Forum Early Bird Registration is Now Open! Members Only New Books! Making and Tinkering with STEM & Computational Thinking for Preschoolers Members Only Read Our Newest Blog: STEM Starts with Play! Members Only Meet the 2026 NAEYC Governing Board Election Candidates! Members Only 2025 Annual Conference Learning Lab Sessions are Now Available! Members Only Together We Empower Early Childhood Educators NAEYC members get access to our CARES— Community , Advocacy , Resources , Events , and Support — benefits categories, as well as exclusive discounts and savings! Explore NAEYC Membership Meet and Grow at NAEYC Events Connect with your peers at one of our events and get the latest research, best practices, and tools. Attend a NAEYC Event Deepen Our Knowledge Gain inspiration for your practice as an early childhood educator with our high-quality, research-based books and resources. Get Inspired with Publications Ensure Quality for Children and Educators Meet national standards of quality! Equip your program with tools that provide the best learning experiences for young children, and provide student educators with the highest quality professional preparation. Learn About Quality Standards Take Action Early Learning Advocacy Early Learning Advocacy Become the active, engaged, and informed early learning advocate that you want to be! Engage Today Join the NAEYC Community Join the NAEYC Community Find your professional community through Interest Forums and online communities. Join the Conversation Align With Our Mission Align With Our Mission Support our mission and reach the NAEYC audience through your advertisement, conference exhibit booth, or sponsorship. Support Our Mission Advertisement Featured NAEYC Books The best resources to support effective teaching and learning for children. Visit the Online Store for great books, purchasing information, and to preview content. Learn More Become a Member Support our efforts to secure a bright future for young children, educators, and  families. Join or Renew Support NAEYC Donate to help NAEYC advance a strong and dynamic early childhood profession and connect educators to cutting-edge resources. Make a Donation Find Your Affiliate Connect with professionals in your community at conferences, networking events, advocacy efforts, leadership opportunities and more! Connect Advertisement Get updates from NAEYC Get updates from NAEYC Email Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube LinkedIn About Mission & Strategic Direction Our Work People Careers @NAEYC Contact Us Your Early Childhood Career Early Childhood Career Center For Faculty & Students Advance your Career Higher Ed Programs Directory Professional Development Power to the Profession Resources and Favorites Books Young Children journal Teaching Young Children magazine For Families Hello—online community Shop FAQs Get Involved Annual Conference Professional Learning Institute Public Policy Forum Week of the Young Child Interest Forums & Online Communities Become an Accredited Center Trainings and Webinars Take Action Volunteer Advocate Partner Sponsor Advertise Membership Benefits Join or Renew Membership Options Families Membership Contact Us Support FAQ Site Name © National Association for the Education of Young Children 1401 H Street NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC 20005 | (202)232-8777 | (800)424-2460 | [email protected] Home Privacy Statement Terms of Use Cookie Policy Blog Careers at NAEYC Support Contact Us