NAFSA Skip to main content Close Search Advanced Search NAFSA MENU SEARCH Advanced Search Main navigation About BACK About NAFSA Membership For Students Partner with NAFSA Support/Donate Events BACK Programs & Events Academy for International Education Leadership e-Institute Management Development Program NAFSA Advocacy Day NAFSA RISE Fellowship Symposium on Leadership Network BACK Connect & Network Country Consortia Knowledge Communities Interest Groups Member Directory NAFSA Regions Network.NAFSA Volunteer Advocacy BACK Policy & Advocacy Current U.S. Administration International Student Economic Value Policy Priorities Policy Resources Take Action What We Stand For Resources BACK Professional Resources Adviser's Manual 360 Career Center IE Professional Certificate Learning & Training Partner Marketplace Publications Research & Trends Conferences BACK 2026 Annual Conference Inaugural Global Summit Regional Conferences Header Join Donate Contact My NAFSA Log in Search SHARE Exhibit at NAFSA 2026 Join us in Orlando, Florida for the NAFSA 2026 Annual Conference & Expo! Purchase a booth or partner with us to showcase your institution at the largest international education event of the year! Purchase a Booth Partner with Us NAFSA's Global Summit in Morocco Join us for the NAFSA Inaugural Global Summit in Tangier, Morocco, January 19–23, 2026. The groundbreaking Summit convenes future-minded international education thought leaders, strategic architects and innovators to reflect deeply and act boldly on what it means to be future-ready. Learn More Stand for International Students and Scholars Join NAFSA and the U.S. for Success Coalition in conveying to Congress that visa appointment issues and visa processing delays jeopardize the contributions international students and scholars make to every corner of this country--costing the country $7 billion in lost revenue. Urge Congress to Intervene Benefits of Membership Join the largest association serving international educators worldwide. Gain access to the resources to shape your international education programs, build skills, and achieve professional goals. NAFSA Members receive discounted rates on annual and regional conferences, professional learning programs, special events, publications, and much more. Join NAFSA today to take your next step towards success. Join NAFSA as a New Member for only $199! Join Us Discover the Benefits Image Updated International Enrollment Analysis NAFSA and JB International found that international students at U.S. colleges and universities contributed $42.9 billion and supported 355,736 jobs to the U.S. economy in the 2024-2025 academic year. Fall 2025 analysis shows a loss of more than $1.1 billion and nearly 23,000 jobs . Read the full Fall 2025 Snapshot and Impact Report . International Student Economic Value Tool Image Adviser's Manual 360 The Adviser's Manual 360 is an online, searchable knowledge center of current U.S. laws, policies, and procedures related to international student and scholar immigration and visa issues. License this continuously updated essential resource for you and your staff and enjoy access on any device, anytime. Learn More Upcoming Events See All Events January 14 - 16, 2026 | 2:00 pm July 15 - 17, 2026 | 2:00 pm F-1 Student Advising for Beginners Jumpstart your career in F-1 student advising through essential DSO training that builds compliance expertise, equips you with real-world scenario solutions, and develops your confidence in navigating international student visa regulations. Explore now! No Program Details & More March 18, 2026 | 8:30 am Special Event NAFSA Advocacy Day Advocacy Day 2026 NAFSA is pleased to announce a return to a virtual format for its annual Advocacy Day in 2026. The day of virtual congressional meetings will be held on March 18, with a half-day virtual training on March 10. All are welcome! First-time participants will forge new relationships... Learn More January 28 - 30, 2026 | 2:00 pm Workshop J-1 Advising for Beginners Build essential J-1 advising skills through foundational training in federal regulations, SEVIS reporting requirements, and practical compliance strategies designed specifically for new Responsible Officers (RO) and Alternate Responsible Officers (ARO). Take the next step! Learn More February 10 - March 5 | 1:30 pm Program Management Development Program - February 2026 Proven Training for IE Professionals Join us for this fully virtual MDP offering! Leading and managing in international education comes with unique challenges—but also incredible opportunities to create meaningful impact. Whether you’re stepping into a management role for the first time or seeking... Learn More February 12 - 13, 2026 | 2:00 pm Workshop International Credential Evaluation: Secondary-Level Credentials Strengthen your international credential evaluation skills through expert-guided training that dissects complex post-secondary transcripts, enhances graduate admissions assessment, and delivers confident transfer credit solutions. Explore more now! Learn More International Educator Magazine International Educator (IE) is the flagship magazine of NAFSA. IE maintains the highest standards of intellectual quality, editorial excellence, and design to service its readers who are working worldwide to advance international education and exchange. Read The Magazine Subscribe Image Featured Job Postings See All Postings Associate Director, Public Policy & Media Relations Washington D.C. NAFSA: Association of International Educators Program Manager, Learning & Training Services Washington D.C. NAFSA: Association of International Educators See All Postings Keep Up With All Things NAFSA Whether you are looking for the latest news or job updates or simply want to keep a finger on the pulse of the international education community, NAFSA has a number of easy ways to stay updated—all in your preferred social media platform. NAFSA Blog NAFSA Facebook NAFSA Instagram NAFSA LinkedIn NAFSA X/Twitter Footer Donate Marketplace Media Contact NAFSA: Association of International Educators Phone: 1.202.737.3699 1425 K Street, NW, Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20005 Copyright 1998-2025. NAFSA. All Rights Reserved. | Site by Unleashed Technologies Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Accessibility