National Association of Home Builders | NAHB Skip to main content Menu Close Quick Find Impact of Tariffs Directories Member Savings Shop Payments Login Join Now NAHB Community Community Home Member Benefits HBAs Leadership and Committees Councils Awards Directories News and Economics Industry News Press Room Housing Economics Housing Economics PLUS Digital Media and Publications Advocacy Advocacy Overview Top Priorities Industry Issues State and Local NAHB Policies Get Involved Legal Issues Education and Events Education Professional Development Meetings and Events The International Builders' Show Why NAHB About NAHB Types of Membership Value of Membership NAHB Past Chairmen and Presidents National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) NAHB Members Weigh In on New WOTUS Rule Several NAHB members recently voiced their concerns and insights during public engagement sessions hosted by EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Learn more NAHB Welcomes 24 New Student Chapters Two dozen student chapters were welcomed into the NAHB Federation in 2025, introducing an additional 1,287 young adults to the construction industry. Learn more NAHB-Supported Permitting Reform Bill to Spur Multifamily Development The House recently approved legislation that will help reduce regulatory barriers for multifamily housing. Learn more Ford Announces Big Savings for NAHB Members on 2026 Vehicles Members can get up to $5,500 off popular Ford vehicles such as Broncos, F-150s, Super Duty pickups, and Transit vans. Learn more Advocacy Workforce Development Housing Affordability Member Benefits Latest News View all Dec 30, 2025 News NAHB's Most Engaging Shop Talk Sessions of 2025 Dec 29, 2025 News NAHB Mourns the Passing of Past Chairman John “Joe” Robson Dec 29, 2025 News Last Chance to Complete the 2025 Census Survey Dec 26, 2025 News New Hampshire HBA Provides Free Home Renovations for Local Veterans Dec 24, 2025 News 10 Ways to Turn Your Business Into a Lean, Mean Building Machine Dec 23, 2025 News The 5 Types of Builders — and the One Built to Prosper Become a Member Access exclusive member benefits to help you build a better business today. Join NAHB Upcoming Events View all Jan 21 Free Pre-IBS Webinar: What Every Builder Must Know for Design in Today’s Market One of the most popular and highest rated speakers at IBS, Al Trellis, will show builders how to design homes that practically sell themselves. Learn more Feb 14 - 19 NAHB Leadership and Committee Meetings at IBS Feb 17 - 19 2026 International Builders' Show <p>In-depth economic analyses of the home building industry to help you gain insight into the issues and trends driving the industry.</p> Housing Economics Housing Economics In-depth economic analyses of the home building industry to help you gain insight into the issues and trends driving the industry. Learn more <p>NAHB offers numerous tools to state and local HBAs to help you grow your membership, enhance your services and stay connected within your community.</p> HBA Resources HBA Resources NAHB offers numerous tools to state and local HBAs to help you grow your membership, enhance your services and stay connected within your community. Learn more <p>Your local home builders association is your best resource to find a member, hire a local professional or join NAHB.</p> Find Your Local HBA Find Your Local HBA Your local home builders association is your best resource to find a member, hire a local professional or join NAHB. Learn more NAHB About NAHB Diversity, Equity and Inclusion NAHB Pressroom Consumer Resources Log Homes Advertise Careers Privacy Policy Cookies Notice Related NAHB Sites International Builders’ Show BuilderBooks.com Home Building Industry Disaster Relief Fund Home Builders Institute Home Innovation Research Labs International Housing Association National Housing Center National Housing Endowment Contact 1-800-368-5242 Email NAHB 1201 15th Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Connect with NAHB © 2025 National Association of Home Builders. All rights reserved. The NAHB website uses cookies. We do this to provide a personalized experience, improve our content, and monitor the site performance. By clicking Accept you consent to NAHB’s use of cookies in accordance with its Privacy Policy . To learn more and control what cookies are used, go to Manage Cookies . ACCEPT