NAIC - Supporting Insurance, Regulators, & Public Interest Skip to main content Mega Menu Regulator Regulator We provide tools and resources to help regulators set standards and best practices, provide regulatory support functions, and educate on U.S. state-based insurance regulation. Learn More Events and Meetings Explore future meetings and access past event documents. Member Funding Access forms and tools to file expense reports, review grant and zone scholarship balances, and travel guidelines. myNAIC Access technology tools and resources for U.S. insurance regulators. Education and Training Overview Training for Regulators Insurance Regulator Professional Designation Program International Fellows Program Regulatory Leadership Development Webinars and Training Events Awards Robert Dineen Award Raymond G. Farmer Award for Exceptional Leadership Industry Education and Events Education and Training Events and Meetings Industry Access forms, tools, and resources for individuals and organizations to file forms, improve efficiency, and remain compliant. Learn More Financial Statement Filing Filing Information Filing Instructions InsData Uniform Certificate of Authority Overview State Specific Requirements Electronic Application Principle Based Reserving Overview Securities Valuation Office Overview Resources Security Investment Filing Market Conduct Market Conduct Annual Statement Contacts and Scorecards Insurance Compact Homepage Record Adopted Standards Insurer Resources Structured Securities Group Overview Collateralized Loan Obligations RMBS/CMBS Listing Data Calls P&C Market Intelligence State Disaster Reporting Health AI/ML Survey Producer Registry Homepage Renew a License Producer Database Products Overview Account Manager Automated Valuation Service Data Products Online Premium Tax Filing State Based Systems System for Electronic Rates and Forms Filings Technology Applications (myNAIC) Vision Consumer Consumer Discover tools and resources to help you understand different types of insurance, claims processes, and practical tips to help support you through every stage of your life. Learn More Glossary of Insurance Terms Browse terms and definitions that are commonly used in the insurance industry File a Complaint Having a problem with an insurance company or agent? Insurance Advice Auto Insurance Cybersecurity Flood Insurance Health Insurance Homeowners Insurance Life Insurance & Annuities Long-Term Care Insurance Military Sharing Economy Small Business Interactive Learning Go-Bag Disaster Prep Understand Your Insurance Card What The Flood?! Quiz Mobile Apps Home Inventory Tools Consumer Insurance Search Life Insurance Policy Locator Consumer Participation Program Global Receivership Information System Online Fraud Reporting System Committees Events Events and Meetings Committees View actions considered by committees, task forces, and subgroups, as well as charges, schedules, and staff links. Learn More Conference Calls Access public conference call documents and information. Exposure Drafts Documents exposed by various committee workgroups. Liaison and Advisory Groups Representatives from diverse groups who provide varied perspectives on insurance regulatory issues. Committee Index Executive (EX) Life Insurance and Annuities (A) Health Insurance and Managed Care (B) Property and Casualty Insurance (C) Market Regulation and Consumer Affairs (D) Financial Condition (E) Financial Regulation Standards and Accreditation (F) International Insurance Relations (G) Innovation, Cybersecurity, and Technology (H) Consumer Liaison View All Trending Statutory Accounting Principles (E) Working Group Life Actuarial (A) Task Force Blanks (E) Working Group Risk-Based Capital Model Governance (EX) Task Force Big Data and Artificial Intelligence (H) Working Group Valuation Manual (VM)-22 (A) Subgroup Risk-Based Capital Investment Risk and Evaluation (E) Working Group Life Risk-Based Capital (E) Working Group Capital Adequacy (E) Task Force Reinsurance (E) Task Force Resource Center Resource Center Explore recent publications, the latest news articles, new federal and legislative news, and model laws to help inform your approach. Learn More Publications Exclusive, industry-focused manuals, data, and more. Government Affairs Domestic and international policy and outreach initiatives. Center for Insurance Policy and Research Research and analysis on important insurance issues. Newsroom The latest news and consumer articles. Capital Markets Bureau Developments and trends in financial markets and insurer investments. Model Laws Access to every published model law, regulation, and guideline State Insurance Charts Issue-specific charts, combining states' statutes and regulations. Health Coverage Policy and Regulation Answers regarding health care law and insurance. Insurance Topics Information on a range of insurance regulatory issues. Glossary A glossary of insurance terms and definitions. Library Archives and regulatory resources. Insurance Departments Insurance Departments Find contact information for insurance departments and local insurance agents, or file a complaint. Learn more Insurance Departments Select a state or jurisdiction for insurance department contact information. Select State State Search Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming About About The NAIC provides expertise, data, and analysis for insurance commissioners to effectively regulate the insurance industry and protect consumers. Learn More Contact Have a question or request? We're here to help. State Connected Our three-year blueprint for the future shows the way toward building on existing strengths. Budget Learn more about our transparent budgeting process and overall operations. Careers Overview Benefits Open Positions New Avenues to Insurance Careers Foundation Overview Internship Opportunities About 150 Years of Collaboration Browse our timeline to learn how we support insurance regulators in their mission to protect consumers and ensure fair and healthy insurance markets. Search Search NAIC Search Recommended Insurance Summit International Forum N.A.I.C. Foundation Insurance Departments Contacts Consumer Insurance Search Insurance Terms × Industry Leading on the Frontlines of Change In an evolving insurance landscape, the NAIC's 2025 Fall National Meeting showcased the collaboration and coordination that have supported consumers and markets for more than 150 years and continue to position state insurance regulators to lead and innovate. Read More NAIC Standing Committees The NAIC committee system is a cornerstone of collaboration among state insurance regulators. Through this structure, regulators work together to establish standards and best practices, conduct peer reviews, and coordinate regulatory efforts to address both current and emerging issues. Learn More The Power of Community For over 150 years, NAIC members have united across political and geographic lines to protect consumers and stabilize markets. In a world full of challenges and division, our commitment to supporting one another fuels our progress, growth, and effectiveness. Learn More Scroll Left Scroll Right Successful NAIC Fall National Meeting Continues Progress to ‘Secure Tomorrow’ Dec. 17, 2025 NAIC Statement on AI Executive Order Dec. 17, 2025 NAIC Officers Elected for 2026 Dec. 11, 2025 NAIC President Honors Two NAIC Members with 2025 Farmer Award Dec. 10, 2025 Three State Insurance Regulators Honored with 2025 Robert Dineen Award Dec. 10, 2025 Idaho, Kentucky, Oklahoma, and Vermont Achieve Reaccreditation Dec. 9, 2025 State-Based Insurance is ‘Not Only Effective’ but ‘Indispensable’: NAIC President Jon Godfread Dec. 9, 2025 NAIC Fall National Meeting to Highlight Year of Impact Dec. 5, 2025 2025 Fall National Meeting: CIPR Event on Consumer Outreach Dec. 5, 2025 CI: Can Insurance Safeguard Your Identity and Support Recovery Dec. 3, 2025 Navigating Shifts in Life Insurance: How Regulators Respond to Market Evolution Dec. 3, 2025 Supporting Regulators and Insurance Standards in America since 1871 We assist state insurance regulators, individually and collectively, in serving the public interest. Together, we protect consumers and ensure fair, competitive, and healthy insurance markets. Trusted Advice By setting standards and best practices, conducting peer reviews, providing regulatory support functions, and coordinating regulatory oversight, we help support compliant and informed decisions. Reliable Expertise By providing business intelligence, analytics, and reports for regulatory oversight functions, our efforts help make the U.S. one of the strongest and most resilient insurance markets in the world. Consumer Protection Through an agile, state-based system, we provide unique, dedicated, and unparalleled support for regulators and consumers from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories. Events August 10-13, 2025 Summer National Meeting Minneapolis, MN View details September 15-18, 2025 Insurance Summit Kansas City, MO View details December 8 - 11, 2025 Fall National Meeting Hollywood, FL View details Insurance Departments Select a state or jurisdiction for insurance department contact information. Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Select State State Search Explore Our Resource Center Learn about current trends, research, and legislative updates. Capital Markets Bureau Discover developments and trends in the financial markets through reports, research, training, and analysis support. View Capital Markets Government Affairs Explore ongoing work with state, federal, and foreign government officials on legislative and regulatory policy. View Government Affairs Health Coverage Policy and Regulation Find letters, testimony, and other materials in support of state and federal policymaking. View Policymaking Center for Insurance Policy and Research Browse research and analysis to drive discussion and action on current and emerging issues. View Research Insurance Topics Keep up with the latest background and work on common insurance terms and issues. View Insurance Topics Model Laws Get access to model laws, regulations, and guidelines including each state's enacted model or similar legislation. View Model Laws Publications Find exclusive, industry-focused procedural manuals, market share data, consumer information, tools and resources. View Publications Newsroom Read up on the latest news, organizational updates, publications, events, and general information. View Newsroom Education & Training Get professional development for state insurance regulators and industry professionals. Sign up today! © 1991-2026 National Association of Insurance Commissioners. All rights reserved. Stop.Call.Confirm is a registered service mark of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Privacy Policy Accessibility Connect Workplace Web CMS Services MyNAIC iSite+ Financial Statement Filing Account Manager Resources Resource Center Newsroom Publications Meetings and Events Education and Training Glossary of Insurance Terms Support Contact Help Careers