Cloud-Based Software Licensing, Monetization and Customer Success Software Solutions Business and Revenue Growth Nalpeiron Growth Platform Cloud-Based Licensing Overview Product Tour Get a Datasheet Sales & Customer Success Tools Overview Product Tour Get a Datasheet Platform Nalpeiron Growth Platform Zentitle Zengain Pricing Documentation Feedback Support Security Product News Who We Help Company Size Enterprise Small to Medium (SMB) Startups Roles Sales Teams Customer Success Product Teams Engineering Business Objectives Revenue Growth Go-to-Market Operations Resources Blog Podcast Newsletter Guides Videos Success Stories Support Nalpeiron University Get a Demo Pricing About Us About Nalpeiron Contact Us Book a Meeting Get a Demo Book a Meeting Send a Message Support Ticket Book a Meeting Increase your product revenues, sales and customer success performance. Imagine unlocking significant growth from your products Software Licensing, Monetization & Growth Tools for Sales, Customer Success, and Product Teams for SaaS , Software and Hardware companies Increase product revenues, license, control and grow your customers with all the tools you need - The Nalpeiron Growth Platform The Nalpeiron Growth Platform is comprised of Zentitle, Zengain and Zenmeter. Software Licensing and Monetization Cloud-based software licensing to monetize your OnPremise Software, SaaS or Hardware using new license models Learn more → Sales and Customer Success Tools to enable your teams to easily generate more revenue and gain, retain and grow customers Learn more → Metered usage of SaaS & AI bolt-ons Offer any type of usage-based business model with total flexibility, including rate plans to flexibly charge for tokens and AI Coming Soon Introduce new go-to-market strategies, win more customers, fight churn, and achieve sustainable revenue growth from your product. Learn more about the Nalpeiron Growth Platform → for Product Teams Go-to-market Teams Engineering Teams Software Licensing and Monetization Effortlessly implement any monetization strategy: Use any licensing model including subscription, perpetual, usage, consumption-based, concurrent hybrid and more Meet market demands, protect your valuable IP, and accelerate your go-to-market Decoupling monetization from engineering releases innovation, reduces lagtime and empowers the product team. Is your growth limited by outdated licensing models and having to wait forever on engineering to release new go-to-market? Need new software licensing and entitlement management? Learn more about software licensing solutions → for Sales Teams Customer Success Teams Growth Teams Sales & Customer Success Tools Drive growth and increase revenue with: Laser-focused, real-time insights into product usage and buying signals driven by sales analytics Enable proactive engagement that dramatically improves retention and prevents churn Automatically unlock hidden pre-qualified upsell opportunities and increase customer spend Are valuable sales opportunities slipping through the cracks or are you losing customers without seeing the signs? Do you need to drive more product revenue across the lifecycle? Learn more about sales & customer success tools → Nalpeiron is consistently celebrated as a leading choice to license and monetize software, SaaS, hardware and IoT products "It is definitely the best licensing I have worked with in my support career. I have worked with around 10 different licensing platforms. None have been as reliable, easy to use and implement for support and customers alike." Kelly Bishop Senior Associate at Quest "Fantastic flexibility is key in how we license our software and features in order to provide a smooth experience for our end users. Nalpeiron delivered on this and more with tools to provide us with what we need to integrate with our existing business systems." Mark Senior Sales Director at Pointfuse "The tool has plenty of features to match business requirements. Maintaining an in-house solution would be expensive and time consuming. Nalpeiron provides a service where you do not need to worry about this and focus on your business." Chris Ang CEO at Cognillo 1000s of companies of all sizes including Enterprise, SMBs and Startups use Nalpeiron - many going from startup to IPO on our platform Read more about why companies choose Nalpeiron → Talk to an expert Discover how we can help you license your products, lower your costs, and increase revenue from your software, SaaS or hardware Book a Meeting → Scalability to match your growth "Partnering with the fastest growing software companies and $1Bn tech giants for 20 years" 20 Years+ Track Record $1B+ Revenues Protected 300M+ Transactions / Month 99.9%+ Uptime SLA for 10 Years+ Get a 1:1 Demo Today → Nalpeiron: Reliable. Dependable. Contactable. For over two decades, we’ve delivered mission-critical services with the perfect balance of expert, responsive support and enterprise-grade infrastructure. Whether you’re transitioning from costly legacy solutions, upgrading from unreliable newcomers, enhancing your in-house licensing systems, or starting fresh - we have the expertise to guide you every step of the way. Supporting Software ISVs Since 2005. Nalpeiron has always been a trailblazer. As the first to introduce a commercial cloud-based software licensing platform 20 years ago, we’ve consistently driven innovation—including being the first to integrate AI into our platform. Backed by two issued U.S. patents, our technology stands apart from the competition. More than just a supplier, we’re your dedicated long-term partner. Our clients rely on us not only for cutting-edge solutions but also for expert guidance on best practices, strategic consulting, and hands-on support with implementation, planning, and rollout. Talk to an expert, no obligation Talk to us - for twenty years we have advised and helped clients of all sizes solve challenging Software Monetization problems in SaaS, On-premise and IoT. Book a Meeting → Your Questions Answered What is a software monetization platform like the Nalpeiron Growth Platform? A software monetization platform is a system that enables software companies to manage, protect, and generate revenue from their software products through licensing, entitlement management, analytics, and flexible business models Software pricing and packaging - License model flexibility and business model agility Software protection and compliance - Software license compliance and protection against VM cloning Software license and entitlement management - Centralization and automation – a single source of truth - End-user enablement and deployment in any environment Software usage tracking - Capturing actionable analytics data - Providing tools to different roles to empower revenue growth - Predictive analytics for future planning and action For Sales For Customer Success Contact Product News Join the Beta Which teams and persona in my company use the Nalpeiron Growth Platform? - Sales Leaders: Close More Deals, Faster: Unlock the Power of Real-Time Customer Intelligence. - Product Leaders: Monetize Flexibly and Bring Products to Market Faster. - Customer Success Leaders: Turn Churn into Loyalty: Proactively Engage and Grow Your Customer Relationships. - Engineering Leaders: Seamless Integration, Scalable Licensing Solutions. For more details see the solutions section on the navigation. How long does the Nalpeiron Growth Platform take to implement? Depending on the complexity of the project it can take from hours to weeks, smaller clients have released products in a weekend but larger enterpise implementations take more planning and therefore more time - they key benefit of The Nalpeiron Growth Platform is that you can use a "live" sandbox to quickly roll out your products and test them in realtime. What other suppliers does the Nalpeiron Growth Platform replace? Zentitle2 replaces home-grown and legacy systems from Flexera (Revenera), Thales, Ten duke, LicenseSpring and the other newcomers in the licensing space. ‍ Zengain replaces older point solutions like Gainsight, Churn zero, Totango, Planhat and newcomers like Pocus, Revsure and Thrivestack. In both cases The Nalpeiron Growth Platform generally offers better value for money, superior technical support and greater reliability. Does the Nalpeiron Growth Platform work with other platforms and systems? The Nalpeiron Growth Platform has extensive APIs, webhooks and integrations with many other systems - especially CRM systems like salesforce. How can I see the Nalpeiron Growth Platform in action? The great thing out The Nalpeiron Growth Platform is that you can try it out with a live sandbox and remove the risks when choosing the best solution for you. Click Free Trial to get started today. AI Tools for Sales, CS and Product Teams to increase revenue Use Nalpeiron's ZenAgent to transform the way you engage with your customers. Gain deep insights into their business and the unique needs of each individual buyer evaluating or using your product. Learn more about ZenAgent AI → Solutions Sales Customer Success Product Team Engineering Enterprise SMB Startup Products Nalpeiron Growth Platform Zengain Zentitle Business Objectives Revenue Growth Go-to-Market Operations Learn About Nalpeiron Support Security Success Stories Product News Blog Podcast Newsletter Guides Videos Careers Next Steps Book a Meeting Send a Message Support Ticket Technical Feedback Docs Trust Center Status Login Get a Demo © 2025 Copyright - Nalpeiron, all rights reserved Website use subject to Terms and Conditions . See our Privacy Policy Use of the Nalpeiron Growth Platform, Zentitle and Zengain is subject to our Service Terms and Conditions Nalpeiron, Zentitle, Zengain, NSA and NSL are trademarks of Nalpeiron Inc.