Nameshift.com
Home
For sellers
For buyers
Domain Database
Auctions
en
Login
Sign up

Sell your domains
with confidence

Use our marketplace to securely buy or sell your domain. We take away the hassle of domain transfers.

Sell your domain
Buy a domain
FIND YOUR DOMAIN NOW
Search through our database of 500,000+ domains now.
Search
NAMESHIFT.COM
Features for buyers and sellers
Secure escrow

Money or auth code first? With our platform, we solve this problem.

Multi-currency

Sell your domain in the currency of your choice: USD, GBP or EUR.

VAT compliant

We understand that taxes can be complicated. We provide the right VAT-compliant invoices. Simple as that.

Easy migration

Are you using another platform and you want to join us? You can! Export your .CSV file and import it into your account.

HOW IT WORKS
Sell your domain in three easy steps

Buying and selling a domain should be easy. We make sure it is easy and safe.

To buy a domain, all you need to do is send an offer to the seller or pay the buy-now price. We will keep your money safe in our bank account until you have full control of the domain you have bought.

Selling a domain is a simple three step procedure. List your domain, accept an offer and transfer the domain. As soon as the domain is transferred, we provide the option to receive your funds directly into your bank account.

Interested? Take a peek at our domain sellers page to see the many features you could benefit from as a domain seller.

01
List domains

Add your domains to our platform and change your nameservers.

02
Receive offers

Receive offers from potential buyers or set a buy-now price and sell instantly.

03
Finalize the transfer

After we have received the purchase amount from the buyer, we'll ask you to provide us with the necessary data to initiate the transfer.

Start selling →
OUR BENEFITS
What can you expect from us?
Bring your own buyer
5% per sale

If you already have a buyer lined up, but want to be sure the transfer goes through smoothly and you value our escrow service, this option is for you.

Nameshift.com platform
Seller-protection
Escrow service
Support
Nameshift.com nameservers
Commission fees
10% per sale

The easiest way to start using our platform. Point your domain to our nameservers and you are ready to receive offers and start selling your domain. If you do not use our name servers (landers), we charge a commission of 13%.

Nameshift.com platform
Seller-protection
Escrow service
Support
Nameshift.com nameservers
What makes us special?
Extra features

Nameshift.com has a wide range of features made for domain sellers. Take a look what makes the Nameshift domain exchange platform so special.

Instant Payout option
Multi currency options
Choose different languages
Traffic statistics
Archive your sales and leads
Partner Stripe.com & Sumsub
Personal Account Manager
Fast support team
'Lease before own' option
Rent out your domains
Affiliate program
Portfolio management
Domain Auctions
NEWSLETTER
Sign up for our newsletter and stay up to date.
Signup
NAMESHIFT

Over 500.000 domains are being offered on our platform. Start selling yours today.

Legal

Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy

General

Contact
About us
Affiliate
Auctions
API

Social

Facebook
LinkedIn
Events

Nameshift.com - Steenplaetsstraat 6, 2288AA Rijswijk, Netherlands. CoC: 95363017, VATID: NL867101623B01