Log In
Cart
Domains
Products
API
Support ●
How was your experience? Rate name.com on TrustPilot.
Save up to 50% on Google Workspace plans. Shop now
Get in touch with our 24/7 support team. Contact support
Domains, websites, and email built for entrepreneurs
Bet on yourself.

You've got the vision. We can make it real.

Start with a domain name that means business.

Find my domain.
Bulk Search
Search

Best Domain Registrar for Developers in 2025

Leandra, Business Owner

kettlebellco.fitness

Read Leandra's story
2.4 million

domains under management

600+

domain extensions

24/7

support

$100k

raised for local charities

Bundle your .app + .dev domains


Save 65% when you bundle your .app + .dev domains, only $14.99 for a limited time!

Get the bundle
Domains designed for entrepreneurs who refuse to settle

Your dream. Your journey. For over 20 years, name.com has stood behind entrepreneurs who started small and built big.

Integrity

Choose a partner that earns trust through action

Pricing that's clear, products that work, support that's real. For every customer, every day.

Simplicity

Choose solutions, not workarounds

Community

Choose a company that gives back
An enduring brand starts
with a solid domain name
More than a web address, your domain is brand identity, instant credibility, and complete control.
Start your domain name search
Establish your brand from day one

Your domain creates the first impression. Make it memorable. Make it personal.

Earn credibility with every click

A professional domain name signals legitimacy to customers, partners, and investors.

Own your own space

No more concern about shifting algorithms or changing policies. Your website is yours to control.

Get the most on-trend domains

.studio

$21.99 $41.99

.pro

$4.99 $33.99

.page

$9.99 $15.99

.store

$2.99 $72.99

.giving

$5.99 $29.99
Explore all TLDs
The one-stop shop to launch your business

We bring website builders, custom email solutions and hosting together in one place — so you can create the experience your business needs, all from one platform.

Complete app suite

Get Business Gmail and AI-powered productivity apps

Complete app suite

Create your website and grow with integrated, AI-enabled marketing tools

Standalone email

Get professional email that works seamlessly across your devices

Standalone website

Launch your flexible website, optimized and AI-enhanced.

Link in bio
by

Run your business and scale your social presence right from your bio.

Get help when you need it
Our support team is available 24/7, 365 days a year. From basic questions to technical solutions, count on quick responses and resolutions whenever help is needed.
Get direct help
Start a chat to get help with whatever is blocking you.
Find self-service help
Visit our help center for support articles.
Find answers to
everyday questions

From domain registration to renewals, our FAQs have you covered.

 
Why should I register my domain with name.com?

Registering a domain with name.com is as easy as a few clicks! Enter your desired domain name in the search bar, and we'll let you know if it's available. We'll also give you all the possible variations of your domain choice, from .com to .xyz so you can find creative alternatives or purchase them all to protect your online identity. Once you've found the perfect domain name, add it to your cart, proceed to checkout, and follow the simple steps to complete your new domain name registration.

 
What are the different domain extensions (TLDs) available for purchase on name.com?
 
How long can I register a domain name for?
 
What is WHOIS privacy protection, and do I need it for my domain name?
 
Are there any restrictions on domain name registration?
 
How does domain name renewal work on name.com?
 
Are there any web services or domain name features I can purchase along with my domain name?
Explore the name.com blog to learn more about domain names
Their words, your confidence

Trusted worldwide for domain registration, transfers, and renewals.

"I can confidently say that name.com has exceeded my expectations as a domain provider. I have been a loyal customer for years and their services have never failed to impress me. The ease of use, quick registration process, and reliable customer support make them stand out from the crowd."

Sun, Entrepreneur

"The creativity behind the next iteration of his business website was largely driven by his own clients who advised them to choose name.com as their registrar. Their original web address now redirects to their new .club URL, NewYorkSailing.Club. “.club was part rebranding and part SEO,” he says, encouraging any club-oriented business to opt for the TLD."

New York Sailing Club

"We have about 50 domains. Price matters to us, and name.com consistently has reasonable prices, in transfers, buying new domains and renewals."

Sue Davis

See how we've helped founders like you make their name online

Real business owners, real success stories. From idea to launch, get inspired by entrepreneurs who started with a domain and built something meaningful.

Read Leandra's story

Dark mode

Let's keep in touch.

Subscribe

You can opt out at any time. By clicking “Subscribe”, you agree that you have read, understand, and consent to the Privacy Policy with regards to the use of your personal data

Domain Names
Products
Web Hosting
Cloud Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Titan Email
Google Workspace
SSL Certificates
Wix Website Builder
Compare Website Products
Compare Email Products
Compare Hosting Products
Compare SSL Products
Information
Professionals
Domain Investing
name.com API
Affiliate Program
About Us
The name.com Team
Careers
name.gives
name.com Blog
Newsroom
Resources
Whois Search
What's My IP Address?
California Notice at Collection
Support
Help Center
Contact Us
Report Abuse
Layered Access Request
Accessibility
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube

name.com is an ICANN-accredited domain name registrar.

name.com is a proud part of Identity Digital, a leading domain name services company.

name.com is a Registered Trademark. © 2001 — 2025 All Rights Reserved

We and our partners use cookies to help our website function, measure and understand your activity, personalize your experience, and to inform which ads you see on other sites and services. You can reject or accept all cookies, or accept only some by clicking the “Preferences” button. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link on the footer of our sitePrivacy Policy
Preferences Reject All Accept All