Skip to content
Previous

Limited Time Offer! $50 off Every Wall Mount Setup Shop Now

Next
Smart Baby Monitor
Breathing Wear
Home 8" Display
Shop All
Explore The App
Discover
Nanit
0
$50 off every Wall Mount setup

A gift for you: Save $50 on a Smart
Baby Monitor with Wall Mount

SHOP NOW
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2

DEVICES THAT GROW WITH YOU

Meet the baby products parents love
Smart Baby Monitor System

HSA/FSA ELIGIBLE

Crisp HD video + track sleep data, breathing motion and milestones

SHOP NOW
Sound + Light Machine

THE SMART COMPANION TO OUR BABY MONITOR

A sound machine, night light, and audio monitor to create consistent sleep routines.

SHOP NOW

A SOLUTION FOR EVERY USE

Which set-up is best for you?
Floor Stand

• Best-selling stand
• Minimal assembly
• Freestanding with adjustable height

SHOP NOW
Wall Mount

• Secured to the wall next to crib
• Installation required
• Perfect for small areas

SHOP NOW
Our Flex Stand makes it easy to travel with your monitor

SHOP BUNDLES

35+ awards and counting

“The Nanit baby monitor… is like an AI parent who stays up all night logging rollovers and breathing patterns, and doesn’t need coffee the next morning.”

Your pro parenting toolkit is here
Pro Data

Our sleep coach for your sleep success

Pro Monitoring

Track your baby’s breathing movements in real time, sensor-free

Pro Care

Track daily tasks in one app for mental load management

Pro Tips

Customized insights to prepare for what's next

What sets Nanit apart

Your baby's breathing movements streamed directly to you

Nanit is like a personal coach in your pocket, using your baby's data to improve their overall sleep*

*Feature available with Insights Plan

Key Developmental Milestones are autocaptured for big-picture tracking + pattern monitoring

*Feature available with Insights Plan

70% of Nanit parents use the Baby Monitor for 4+ years

Our pro parenting toolkit grows as your family does, preparing you for every step of your journey.
Nanit is the only monitor you need!

Newborn

We offer the tools to build your confidence—and boost your sleep, too

Dive deeper into baby’s development with insights like Head + Body Position
Monitor baby’s breaths per minute for the ultimate peace of mind
Infant

As your baby grows, Nanit offers in-depth data and automatic growth tracking—ensuring you see all baby's can't-miss moments

Autocapture developmental milestones like rolling over, sitting up, and more
Sound + Light helps you create + manage healthy routines to establish consistency
Toddler

Big kid on the move? We have it covered. Our products grow with you through each age and stage

Smart Alerts allow you to customize notifications for key moments, like Baby Standing
Sound + Light lets you create customized routines for a fuss-free bedtime
Previous
Next
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Insights turns your Baby Monitor into a personal sleep coach

The one constant of parenthood (and being a baby) is change. With 3 Insights Plans to choose from, we keep you prepared for what comes next—through every age + stage. With every Baby Monitor purchase, you’ll get a free complimentary Insights trial to have a pro parenting toolkit from the very start

Sleep Plan

An always-on personal sleep coach at your fingertips
(Free Introductory Trial)

Memories Plan

More video footage, more informed decisions, less second guessing

Milestones Plan

Baby's ultimate wellness view at every developmental stage

Why Pro Parents Love Nanit

“We were using another monitor and it kept giving false alarms. Nanit is accurate and trustworthy! We love Nanit so much that we’re buying a second one.”

—Nikita C.

“I have loved my Nanit since my 3-year-old was born. I switched from the Owlet, which did not work well for me. I love that I don’t have to attach any electronics to monitor my baby’s breathing.”
“Nanit has been the best baby monitor! The high-quality video and video history helps us save those sweet memories. We highly recommend the Nanit to everyone, and are so excited to have a second one set up to monitor our baby coming next year!”
“I have 3 kids, and we've been through many so-so baby monitors. That is, until we found Nanit! The Breathing Motion Monitoring, crisp and clear view, ability to watch on our phone... the list goes on and on.”
Previous
Next
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Go to slide 4
Join the community
that helps you parent like a pro

NANIT'S PARENT BLOG

Parent Confidently

Gain true pro-parenting insights with our in-house pediatric experts! Learn tried and true tips on sleep, wellness, trending topics + more

READ BLOG

NANIT COMMUNITY

Your support network

Everyone welcome! Free, expert-led events hosted in the Nanit Community, including hot-topic AMAs + popular Parent Like
a Pro Summits

JOIN COMMUNITY

FAQs
Does Nanit require a subscription?
How much is Nanit Insights per month?
Can I watch Nanit away from home?
How does Nanit know when my baby is asleep?
How does Breathing Motion Monitoring work?
Is the Nanit baby monitor portable?
What other features does the Nanit Sound + Light Machine contain, beyond functioning as a night light and sound machine?

FOLLOW US

ABOUT

Nanit
Nanit Lab
Careers
Press
Privacy + Security
Reviews

SUPPORT

Contact Us
Payment Options
Shipping + Returns
Product FAQs
Server Status

PARTNERSHIPS

Worldwide Retailers
Partner With Us
Referral Program
Research

GET THE APP

Nanit App
Nanit Sound + Light App
Privacy Policy
Terms + Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Nanit