nanoCAD – Affordable and Powerful 2D/3D CAD Software for Professionals Products All nanoCAD Products nanoCAD 25 Platform Modules: 3D Solid Modeling Mechanica Construction Raster Topoplan nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD Free Product Comparison nanoCAD25 Explore nanoCAD products used by thousands of designers and engineers across various industries such as mechanical engineering, building design, architecture, site design, and landscaping to streamline design, increase productivity, and improve document communications. Experience the full benefits of nanoCAD with a 30-day trial. nanoCAD 25 Platform nanoCAD 25 Platform is a professional-grade CAD platform fully compatible with the industry’s DWG standard. It offers the standard user interface with a wide set of tools for 2D/3D drafting that can be extended with modules specific to the needs of professionals in engineering, architecture, and construction. Overview Features What’s new Download 3D Solid Modeling Module 3D Solid Modeling module extends the nanoCAD platform with direct editing and parametric modeling. The module also offers 3D constraints for mating parts into 3D assemblies and provides tools for sheet metal modeling. Overview Features What’s new Download Mechanica Module Mechanica module extends the nanoCAD platform with 2D and 3D mechanical design. Its parametric engine works with the included library of standard parts, and the many built-in calculators generate drawings quickly. Overview Features What’s new Download Construction Module Construction module extends the nanoCAD platform with drafting utilities suitable for parametric designs in architecture, engineering, and construction. Its IFC support and parametric libraries of standard parts help automate construction drawings. Overview Features What’s new Download Raster Module Raster module extends the nanoCAD platform with tools designed specifically for handling raster images, including very large ones. These tools import, correct, skew, convert, colorize, vectorize, and smart select raster images. Overview Features Download Topoplan Module Topoplan module extends the nanoCAD platform with digital terrain modeling. Surveyors can take advantage of tools that create and modify TINs, texture them with raster overlays, generate reliefs, and calculate volumes and areas. Overview Features What’s new Download nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD 3DScan is a versatile 3D scanning application designed for in-depth data analysis and modeling. It's ideal for engineering, construction, and geodesy, as it enhances the nanoCAD Platform with advanced point cloud processing and real-world data integration. Overview Features Download nanoCAD Free nanoCAD Free is the free version of nanoCAD that comes with a set of design tools for creating 2D engineering drawings and has no time limitations. Overview Download Product Comparison Check out the most important functionality of nanoCAD products and compare them with the functionality of alternative CAD systems. Support Tech Support FAQ Installation System requirements Tech Support You’re never alone in your journey with Nanosoft design tools. Make sure to check all the resources we provide for technical support and take full advantage of your experience with nanoCAD. Ask questions and get the answers you need on our forum, in the FAQ section, installation guide and support center. FAQ If you’re looking for a quick answer, check out the page with frequently asked questions. It contains essential information on everything you need to know to work effectively in the nanoCAD ecosystem. nanoCAD 25 Platform nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD Free Installation See detailed instructions on how to install nanoCAD products and start creating your best projects right away. This online guide will help you register, activate and set up workflows in the nanoCAD platform and its professional modules. nanoCAD 25 Platform nanoCAD 3DScan Sys requirements Check system requirements before downloading the software to make sure that you get the best out of your design experience with the nanoCAD platform. nanoCAD 25 Platform nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD Free Learning Learning Center Video tutorials Test-drives Articles Help Center Learning Center Find everything you need to know about the nanoCAD platform and its professional modules in our learning center to succeed in your projects. We’ve prepared video tutorials, test-drives, user guides and articles to improve your expertise in CAD design and boost your efficiency. Video tutorials Better to see something once than to hear about it a thousand times. That’s why we’ve prepared a number of video tutorials for you to get familiar with all the platform’s capabilities quickly. Use these interactive guides to sharpen your design skill set with nanoCAD. Test-drives Learn how to work with the nanoCAD Platform and use its specialized modules step-by-step with nanoCAD Test Drives. They are excellent for professionals to refresh their knowledge as well as for beginners to create their first projects with nanoCAD. Articles Being more than just a drawing tool, the nanoCAD platform provides extensive features for advanced design, precise view and careful organization of DWG files in engineering and architecture. We regularly post new insights, as well as tips & tricks to boost your efficiency and bring your designs to the next level. Help Center Don’t be afraid to get lost in nanoCAD’s extensive functionality. Our user guides will show you the way around the platform and introduce you to all the features of professional modules. Community For Teachers and Students For Developers For Betatesters Community Supporting existing and developing new communities is the foundation of nanoCAD growth. Become part of our communities, share your knowledge and ideas, ask For Teachers and Students Nanosoft supports a community of teachers and students to develop their CAD skills by providing free licenses to the latest version of the nanoCAD platform, with all add-on modules. We offer written tutorials and video materials to make teaching and learning easier. For Developers nanoCAD is designed for developers. It offers a layered application programming interface (API) for developing add-on applications using JavaScript, VBS, Python (via COM), LISP, .NET, and C ++. Join the nanoCAD developer community to get exclusive benefits. For Betatesters Join the beta tester community and get early access to new Nanosoft products prior to their release. Company About us Our News Contacts Our Partners Customer Reviews About us Get to know Nanosoft AS, a community of CAD professionals, with global presence in 140+ countries and over 920,000 users. Empowering learners with free licenses and uniting with partners across 30 countries, we're committed to fostering innovation, collaboration, and setting new CAD standards worldwide. Dive into our story and see how we're making a difference. Our News Stay updated with the latest news from Nanosoft AS. From breakthrough announcements to insights on the nanoCAD platform and our diverse range of products, this section will help you remain at the forefront of CAD advancements. Dive in to be informed, inspired, and in-sync with the software’s leading-edge transformations. Contacts Adolph Tidemands Gate 36 2000, Lillestrøm Norway Tel: +44 20 37 69 62 71 E-mail: support@nanocad.com Our Partners Discover the driving forces behind the global nanoCAD movement. As part of our expanding network, our partners play a pivotal role in bringing cutting-edge CAD solutions to professionals around the world. Do you want to join our partner network? Explore the benefits and become a beacon of CAD innovation with us. Customer Reviews Hear directly from those who've empowered their CAD journeys with nanoCAD. From success stories to constructive feedback, these testimonials provide genuine insights into the platform's impact. Buy nanoCAD nanoCAD 25 Platform Bundles: nanoCAD Pro nanoCAD Mechanica nanoCAD Construction nanoCAD Max nanoCAD 3DScan Enterprise Buy nanoCAD 25 Platform and modules Choose nanoCAD 25 Platform on its own or configured with modules specific to your needs. Buy nanoCAD Pro Save up to 12% nanoCAD Pro Bundled Solution includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Modeling Module Buy nanoCAD Mechanica Save up to 23% nanoCAD Mechanica Bundled Solution includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Modeling Module Mechanica Module Buy nanoCAD Construction Save up to 14% nanoCAD Construction Bundled Solution includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform Construction Module Buy nanoCAD Max Save up to 31% nanoCAD Max Bundled Solution includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Modeling Module Mechanica Module Construction Module Raster Module Topoplan Module Buy nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD 3DScan is always paired with nanoCAD Platform + 3D Module. The Topoplan module, necessary for creating topographic maps, is an optional add-on. Get a special offer for enterprise The nanoCAD platform is designed to integrate into both SMBs and enterprise-level settings. Remarkable performance is noted by engineers at Fortune 500 companies and green energy innovation firms. Affordable, flexible, and DWG-compatible, nanoCAD turns out to be the perfect choice. De Es Fr Pt En nanoCAD Engineering Ecosystem nanoCAD is a modern computer-aided design (CAD) platform that provides designers with powerful capabilities in 2D drafting and 3D modeling. nanoCAD can be used on its own as a cost-effective DWG-editor, or customized with essential modules: Construction, Mechanica, Raster, Topoplan and 3D Solid Modeling. System requirements Buy nanoCAD from $289 /year Get Free Trial with all modules How nanoCAD works Watch a 2 minute video about nanoCAD Choose bundled solutions nanoCAD Pro 2D drawings and 3D solid models with 2D and 3D parametric constraints, and dynamic UCS for effortless sketching on 3D faces. Documentation drawings link to 3D models. Fully DWG compatible. Includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Solid Modeling Module Buy from $459 / year nanoCAD Mechanica Mechanical drawings made of gears, shafts, and springs designed with built-in calculators based on ISO and other standards. Create and edit 2D and 3D drawings with 2D/3D constraints. Documentation drawings link to 3D models. Reads IDF data from ECAD systems. Includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Solid Modeling Module Mechanica Module Buy from $620 / year nanoCAD Construction Construction drawings made on predrawn outlined borders and title blocks with thousands of parametric symbols and objects adhering to ISO, DIN, and other standards. Data can be driven from SQL databases. Includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform Construction Module Buy from $459 / year nanoCAD Max Powerful all-in-one solution for companies needing advanced tools for mechanical design, construction documentation, terrain modeling, raster editing, and 3D modeling - all in a fully DWG-compatible environment. Includes: nanoCAD 25 Platform 3D Solid Modeling Module Mechanica Module Construction Module Raster Module Topoplan Module Buy from $849 / year OR Build your own nanoCAD! nanoCAD 25 Platform + All Modules: 3D Solid Modeling Construction Mechanica Topoplan Raster Build your nanoCAD Try nanoCAD with all modules for free nanoCAD Across Industries Mechanical Engineering Automotive Engineering Manufacturing Engineering Aerospace Engineering Design Industrial Engineering Marine Engineering nanoCAD Platform Mechanica module 3D Solid Modeling module Raster module Construction & Architecture Civil Engineering Architectural Engineering Interior Design nanoCAD Platform Construction module 3D Solid Modeling module Raster module Land Survey Civil Engineering Road Construction Network Engineering Railway Engineering nanoCAD Platform Construction module Topoplan module Raster module Oil & Gas Industry Equipment Design Facilities Design nanoCAD Platform Construction module 3D Solid Modeling module nanoCAD For Everyone Professional Engineers Create complex drawings and designs and document projects efficiently. Collaborate with engineers across. Business owners Optimize the cost of placing dozens of CAD workstations in your organization. Open, edit and save DWG drawings from clients and contractors. Students and Teachers Master computer-aided design skills and create projects free with our licenses for students and educators. Creators and Hobbyists Construct an airplane in your shed, sketch that kitchen renovation idea or design a new gazebo for the garden. nanoCAD is the right choice for you! Because... It is an All-inclusive CAD Platform nanoCAD is designed to get your work done no matter which industry you’re in. With it, you can create drawings from simple to complex, supported by international standards. The program has been successfully deployed across various disciplines such as mechanical engineering, building design, architecture, site design and landscaping. It combines a familiar interface with a powerful set of tools, native DWG files and responsive technical support to make it simply the best choice. It is a Native DWG Editor nanoCAD runs in the industry’s standard DWG format. It’s the same one other CAD systems are based on, such as AutoCAD. nanoCAD was in fact designed from the very beginning to use DWG natively - no translation or conversion needed. nanoCAD even supports complex DWG objects, like 3D point clouds and IFC models. It has an Open API for Developers nanoCAD offers an AutoCAD-compatible programming platform at no cost. This gives the possibility to accustom and develop CAD applications according to one's needs. Feel free to integrate calculations, automate design activities and link drawings with external databases. Run already created add-ins from other members of our developers’ club. nanoCAD’s API interface supports the following programming languages and technologies: C, C++, C#, COM, .NET, LISP, VBscript, JavaScript, and command scripting.. It has a Familiar user Interface If you are grounded in other DWG CAD then consider yourself at home with nanoCAD. The screen layout and its command structure are highly distinguishable and user-friendly. Even if it’s been a while since you’ve worked in CAD, you’ll get up to the speed and productivity in no time - quick and easy. Especially useful for mechanical engineering, building design, architecture, site design and landscaping. It has Annual Updates Every year a new version is coming. The new nanoCAD 25 release is full of new ways to create, compare and communicate. Five optional modules 3D Solid Modeling, Construction, Mechanica, Raster, Topoplan expands nanoCAD 25 functionality. Create with 3D Solid Modeling module using 2D and 3D parametric constraints to turn parts into assemblies. Edit scanned drawings and convert them to CAD with Raster module. Planning earthworks is easy with Topoplan module.. It has Great technical Support nanoCAD users with valid subscriptions are entitled to technical support during the use of the software, provided via email and help-desk. Free support is provided by nanoCAD's community through the Nanosoft forum. Nanosoft professionals and partners are also part of the community. And... nanoCAD is really Cost Effective First, see yourself how effective the platform is with 30-day free trial . Next, start with an annual subscription to ensure smooth integration into your current processes. Finally, upgrade to a 3-year subscription to make your licenses permanent and have free access to technical support and all the upgrades during that time. You’ll find that nanoCAD is far easier on your budget than any other DWG editor. We have a comparison chart to help you make the right decision. The most popular CAD a similar toolkit $ 2,095 * nanoCAD Pro a similar toolkit $ 459 * * US$ currency; prices accurate at time of writing. See nanoCAD prices Licensing Choose a plan that best meets your needs or try nanoCAD with all modules free for 30 days. Commercial from $289 /year Choose Network or Workstation license. For 1 or 3 years. Trial for 30 days nanoCAD with all modules is available for free for 30 days. For Teachers & Students Students and teachers can apply for free licenses. Customer Reviews 05.01.2023 Italy Engineering geology With nanoCAD we have overcome the challenge of creating topographic sections, even in 3D With nanoCAD we have overcome the challenge of creating topographic sections, even in 3D. nanoCAD offers a great high quality-price ratio, it is easy to use for our purpose and is very similar to autocad and its user guid. Nicola de Stefano, Freelance Geologist Geotechnical characterization of the subsoil, Environmental characterization, Stability analysis 01.02.2022 Australia Hospitality + 3D Solid Modeling nanoCAD is fantastic and has an affordable price nanoCAD has proved to be the most cost-effective solution on the market. It helps the drafters solve all the priority tasks fast and easily due to its user-friendly interface and fantastic performance. James, 3D Draft Drafter 02.02.2022 Hungary Surveying + 3D Solid Modeling nanoCAD is excellent and fast We find nanoCAD a very cost-effective solution that helps us well to achieve our goals. The main advantage of the platform is its 3d modeling from the point cloud. Gabor Farkas, Geodézia Kelet Zrt. Surveyor 04.02.2022 Australia Steel Fabrication nanoCAD lets me quickly transfer 2d bases to my 3d steel detailing software We find nanoCAD well-designed and easy to use. The main advantage of the platform is its fast response and quick select tool. Rob Shorrock, Kereugen Structural Detailing Pty Ltd Director 25.02.2022 UK Process & Rail + 3D Solid Modeling + Mechanica nanoCAD has same capabilities as Autocad at a much better price We can now produce DWG drawings at a much lower annual cost. Andy Tomlinson, Anglo Thermal Technology Ltd Managing Director 23.02.2022 USA personal house builder + Construction nanoCAD has a familiar interface and functionality compared to Autocad at a more affordable price I chose nanoCAD since the cost of AutoCAD is prohibitive. Wayland 03.02.2022 USA personal Drafter nanoCAD has familiar commands that keep me productive I find nanoCAD similar to Autocad but at a more affordable price. Dave Fullmer 01.02.2022 USA personal Drafter nanoCAD speeds up my drawing process I love that nanoCAD has all the necessary features for my projects and affordable price. Jackson Duane 02.03.2022 UK Lighting design + 3D Solid Modeling Network licenses have been great. We find nanoCAD easy to use and has similarity to Autocad at a lower price. Martyn Evans, Designs for Lighting Ltd IT manager 01.02.2022 Italy Mechanical nanoCAD is fully compatible with our processes We chose nanoCAD for its good compatibility and ability to print without changing fonts and dimensions. The main advantage of the platform is DWG modification and printing functionalities. Massimo Gnavolini, CO.IN.FER. SNC P.I. 01.02.2022 Canada Electrical Distribution nanoCAD  lets me open and comment on DWG files We use nanoCAD to design and conduct performance-based testing for electrical systems in new hospitals. We switched from Autodesk to nanoCAD because it is easy to use and more cost-effective. The main advantage of the platform is its intuitive interface and excellent customer support. James Blanchard, PS Intelligent Power Solutions Inc President 21.02.2023 USA Steel sales and custom fabrication + 3D Solid Modeling + Mechanica + Construction + Raster + Topoplan I look forward to using nanoCAD for years to come. I was looking for a cost effective version of a CAD solution and found nanoCAD. I started with a free version, and it worked so well that I decided to upgrade it to the latest functionality. It works well for the drawings I do everyday and for opening files sent to me. I love the interface that is so familiar to me, as well the overall ease of use. Dennis, The Steel Yard, Inc Fabrication, Sales and IT All reviews About us Headquartered in Norway, we're a dynamically growing company presented globally through our international team and vast partner network. We expand across the globe to ensure that our solutions are easily accessible to clients worldwide and cater for the evolving needs of the market. For the second decade, nanoCAD with its native DWG format has been evolving to provide designers with powerful capabilities in 2D drafting and 3D modeling. The software functionality is constantly upgraded and can be expanded with specialized modules tailored to professional needs. more 14 years more 920,000 users Our exclusive engineering ecosystem, represented by nanoCAD 24 and specialized modules, allows CAD engineers and designers across countless industries in over 140 countries to easily create, design, and collaborate on their projects with seamless interaction with alternative CAD systems. Products nanoCAD 25 Platform Modules 3D Solid Modeling Mechanica Construction Raster Topoplan nanoCAD 3DScan nanoCAD Free Buy nanoCAD nanoCAD 25 Platform Bundles nanoCAD Pro nanoCAD Mechanica nanoCAD Construction nanoCAD Max nanoCAD 3DScan Enterprise Solutions Commercial Enterprise Free Trial For Education For Developers Technical Support Support Forum FAQ Installation Sys requirements Knowledge base Video tutorials Test-drives Articles Help About us Company Contacts News Our Partners Reviews +44 20 37 69 62 71 support@nanocad.com ©2025 Nanosoft AS. All rights reserved Privacy Statement Terms of Use Cookies ↑ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡ ﹡