X
We use technical cookies to make sure you have the best experience on our website, and analytical and profiling cookies, including third-party cookies, in order to collect information about how you interact with our website to generate statistics and send advertisements in line with your preferences. By clicking Accept all you consent to the use of all cookies. Clicking Manage Cookies will allow the user to configure their choices. If the user chooses to close the banner using the button with the X in the upper right corner, the default settings that do not allow the use of cookies or other tracking tools other than technical will be maintained. At any time, you may withdraw your consent (Cookie policy)
Cookie settings
Accept all
About us
Products
Purchase
Support
Contacts
0
Login
Delivering solutions to IT pros and businesses

Remote support, Backup, and IT Management made easy and accessible

SUPREMO CONTROL
The flexible and affordable solution for remote access, control and support

Reduces distances to zero and gives you the freedom to be anywhere with just a few clicks

Learn more
URANIUM BACKUP
The all-in-one backup solution chosen by thousands of IT admins worldwide

A complete solution to meet all of your data protection and data transfer needs

Learn more
SUPREMO CONSOLE
Beyond remote control and backup: unleash the full potential with our Console

The Web Console that enhances remote access and control, backup, and provides advanced features that simplify technical support and monitoring tasks.

Learn more
Stay up-to-date and subscribe to the newsletter!
Subscribe
COMPANY

Nanosystems S.r.l.
Via del Commercio, 76/A
63100 Ascoli Piceno (AP), Italy
VATIN: IT01085650446
N. REA AP-111997

PRODUCTS
Supremo
Uranium Backup
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
SUPPORT

Do you need help?

Contact us

Website Privacy · Cookie · Terms and conditions of sale

© 2025 Nanosystems. All rights reserved

If you encounter any accessibility issues, please report them to us here specifying the problem and the web page involved.

Black Friday Offer

Unlock all features with the Professional plan, now available at an exclusive Black Friday discount. Don’t miss out on the most powerful remote monitoring and management solution!

Discover Details
Don't show this again