Napkin AI - The visual AI for business storytelling Get Napkin Free Home Pricing About us Blog Sign in Get Napkin Free Menu Close Home Pricing About us Blog Get Napkin Free Get visuals from your text Napkin turns your text into visuals so sharing your ideas is quick and effective. Get Napkin Free How it works 1 Start by Importing or Pasting your text Forget prompting, Napkin works directly from your text. 2 Click to generate visuals Napkin generates the most relevant visuals based on your text, then you pick the one that best expresses what you have in mind. 3 Polish it up, make it yours Napkin visuals are fully editable, so you can adjust content and style to maximize their impact. Icons Add or swap icons from our extensive database. Decorators Emphasize with style, they’re smart & versatile. Connectors Dynamic connectors that can connect anything. Colors Colors that always look good on light or dark mode. Fonts Fonts kept simple: casual or formal. 4 Take it anywhere Visuals created in Napkin can be used anywhere. Export them as .ppt, .png, .pdf or .svg to upgrade your content. PPT file PDF file PNG file SVG file Use cases Captivate your audience with auto-generated infographics, diagrams, mind maps, flowcharts, data charts, and more. Presentations Make impactful slides Blog Leave an impression Social Media Engage your audience Docs Write easy to read docs Gallery Here are a few visuals created on Napkin. Don’t take our word for it. I just wanted to take a moment to congratulate you all on the incredible work you’re doing! As a Project Manager, I’ve found your tool immensely helpful in my professional development. I often use Napkin to create presentations or simply to generate visual ideas based on my own concepts, and I must say, it’s been a game-changer for me. Nicolás Project Manager I recently used the Napkin platform to create visuals for a LinkedIn article, and I was impressed by how seamless the process was. The results were not only visually engaging but also aligned with the professional standards I aim to maintain. I look forward to incorporating it even more in the future. Emma Farquharson Professor I've literally been waiting years for a tool like Napkin. I love and use business diagrams ALL THE TIME, but I'm horrible at creating them and dislike most of the Powerpoint options. Happy that there's a new tool in town for biz diagramming! Eric Layland Growth Marketing Leader You are doing an amazing job - Napkin is so very useful for teaching and other purposes, especially in my case, to provide visuals that bring textual ideas to life. I am finding it invaluable already, and will be promoting it to our school district. Thank you for making this happen! Paul Penfold School Administrator I am obsessed with Napkin. I’m always on the lookout for tools that enhance creativity, streamline workflows, and help communicate ideas effectively—and Napkin absolutely nails it. The intuitive design and functionality of Napkin make it a game-changer. I can already see the incredible value it brings to professionals across education, training, and even community-building initiatives. Bhavani Kola Founder I’m seriously in love with your product! How many hours could I have saved in the last 4 years, if I would have known you then. The simplicity of this tool is absolutely phenomenal, it’s intuitive and easy to understand. Thank you for letting us try this out. Bianca Executive Administrator There are so many new AI apps that promise the world, and they are getting better. This is one that I've been able to use off of the bat. Yes, I would take the idea and create slick data and information graphics that fit the brand I'm working in. As a design professor, this is really such a gem and it could go so much further. So all this to say, NICE JOB! I'm so excited about where you take this application. Reece Quinones Teacher As I was making my 1st Napkin today, I told myself I was going to gatekeep your tool as my little secret. The very next second, I answered a phone call and immediately let the cat out of the bag!! Hats off to you & your team. It’s one of the most impressive tools I've used in a long time and something I'll use forever. Anna Consultant Frequently asked questions Can't find the answer you are looking for? Reach out to us here . What is special about Napkin? Napkin helps you transform your existing text content into visuals like diagrams, charts, scenes, and images. Think of it as having a personal visual expert right at your fingertips, ready to bring your ideas to life. Is Napkin free to use? Yes, Napkin offers a free plan with some limitations on quotas and features. You can find out more about our pricing here . Can I use Napkin on mobile? You can view your existing Napkins on mobile, but creating and editing Napkins is only available on desktop. We believe that the best Napkin generation and editing experience is on desktop for now. We may add generation and editing support on mobile in the future. How do I sign up for Napkin? Click the 'Get Napkin' button on our website and sign up using Google Single Sign-On option or by setting up an email and password combination. Currently, sign-up is only available on desktop. On mobile devices, you can request an invite, then use the link sent in the invitation email on your PC or laptop to complete sign-up. How do I write prompts in Napkin? You do not need to write prompts to use Napkin. Simply write, import or paste your text content into Napkin and click [Spark icon] to generate your visuals. What is the best way to use the visuals I create in Napkin? There are several ways to share your creations: Export your selected visual as PPT, PNG, SVG, or PDF files. We skipped supporting JPEG because PNG is higher quality. Export the entire document into a PDF. Share a link to your Napkin so your audience can see your text and graphics integrated together. How many languages does Napkin support? You can create visuals in 60+ languages using Napkin—the visuals will match the language of your text. Currently, our interface is only available in English; however, we plan to add additional interface languages in the future. What about team collaboration? Napkin offers robust features to support seamless team collaboration: Teamspace: Easily invite and manage team members to a shared workspace, making collaboration smooth and easy. Real-time Editing: Inviting multiple people to edit a Napkin in real-time, enabling dynamic teamwork through built-in sharing and co-editing functionalities. Commenting & Feedback: Use our built-in highlighter to leave feedback directly on text and visuals What support can I expect if I get stuck? You can contact us by clicking the chat widget in the bottom-right corner of our website or by emailing [email protected] with your notes, questions or feedback. Our team will be happy to help you get back on track. Try Napkin! Get started instantly, no download required. Get Napkin Free © 2025 Napkin AI Product How it works Use Cases Pricing Help Center Company About us Careers Blog Contact Us Privacy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy LinkedIn X YouTube Instagram TikTok