Narrative announces Composable Identity partnership with Hightouch!
Read more
Book a Demo
Drive growth with AI-Enabled Data Collaboration
Give your entire organization the power of advanced analytics, effortless management, and unparalleled efficiency with the world's most advanced data collaboration platform.
Trusted by startups and Fortune 500 companies alike
Instantly increase the value of your data

Automated data standardization makes your data interoperable and easier to use for your organization & partners across all ecosystems.

Read more
Save massive amounts of time & money

With no-code software and AI assistants to automate mundane, time-intensive tasks, your teams will get back time for more important things.

Read more
Clean room equipped for peace of mind

Narrative upholds the highest security standards, ensuring you’re always compliant in an ever-changing landscape.

Ask Rosetta
Easily Scale Up or Down

Easily scale your data operations up or down according to your business needs, ensuring flexibility and efficiency.

Ask Rosetta
Enable Real-Time Data Sharing

Facilitate instant data sharing and collaboration, enabling teams to work together in real-time, regardless of their location.

Ask Rosetta
Empower Every User, Any Skill Level

Designed for simplicity, users of all skill levels can navigate and manage data effectively, without the need for extensive technical knowledge.

Read more
NEW
Train and Fine-Tune AI With Model Studio

Access Fast and secure AI workflows that enable a new paradigm for collaboration. You can now share data and models in a way that protects your most valuable assets while unlocking new opportunities for innovation.

Learn more
Customer Stories

JUNE 24TH, 2022

How Froyoo uses Narrative to scale identity graph creation
Narrative makes it easy for companies like Froyoo to centralize their data acquisition strategy and scale identity graph creation.
Read article

JANUARY 31ST, 2024

How Intuizi Expanded Market Reach and Boosted Efficiency with Narrative
Intuizi, a leading provider of anonymized first-party consented geo-location data, faced challenges in integrating and maximizing revenue streams from its vast data assets. Narrative streramlined the whole process saving time and money.
Read article
Explore Narrative
By Solution
Audience Activation
Talk to Your Data
Data Cleanroom
Competitive Intelligence
Data Enrichment
Data Monetization
Data Validation
Geographic Intelligence
Identity Resolution
Retail Media Network
By Role
Business Analysts
Business Development
Data Engineers
Data Scientists
IT Managers
Legal
Marketers
For Product Managers
Sales
By Industry
Advertising & Media
Education
Finance
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Real Estate
Retail
Transportation
By Product
Connectors
Narrative Data Marketplace
Model Studio
My Data
Narrative Anywhere
Query Builder
Rosetta AI Assistant
Rosetta Stone 2.0

©2024 Narrative I/O, Inc.

Rosetta

Hi! I’m Rosetta, your big data assistant. Ask me anything! If you want to talk to one of our wonderful human team members, let me know! I can schedule a call for you.