National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Skip to main content Discover Events Engage About Donate Dropdown items My Academies Login Personal Library Account settings Logout Driving progress for the benefit of society by providing independent, objective advice to advance science, engineering, and medicine. DOE Should Develop AI-Based Foundation Models Fused with Traditional Computational Methods to Bring Paradigm Shift to Scientific Discovery News Release Foundation models are AI systems trained on vast amounts of data — often trillions of individual data points — and they are capable of learning new ways of modeling information and performing a range of tasks. A new National Academies report examines how the U.S. Department of Energy could use these models to potentially transform scientific discovery and innovation. Dec 16, 2025 Innovative Materials in Water Resources Infrastructure: Opportunities for the Corps of Engineers Announcement Dams, locks, and levees are critical to U.S. navigation, safety, and commerce — but many are reaching the end of or have surpassed their design lives. A new National Academies report examines how innovative materials could help the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers maintain, repair, and modernize this vital infrastructure. Dec 18, 2025 The State of Human H5N1 Therapeutic Evidence and Future Directions Announcement Safe and effective therapeutics play a critical role in treating influenza infections and preventing spread. A new rapid expert consultation from the National Academies summarizes the current landscape of therapeutic options against avian influenza A (H5N1) in humans and discusses opportunities to improve preparedness and response planning for a potential scenario of sustained human-to-human spread. Dec 22, 2025 From Illness to Impact: Turning Science into a Tool for Community Change Dec 29, 2025 Feature Story Elevating Intersections of Air Pollution in India: Climate Crossroads at RamFest 2025 Dec 16, 2025 Program News Colorado Crossroads: Building Resilience from the Ground Up Dec 12, 2025 Program News See all news Ways we are making a difference “There is a critical gap between the performance of machine learning [and] what we would expect in a safety-critical system,” – George Pappas, Associate Dean of Research, School of Engineering and Applied Science at University of Pennsylvania. 

Machine learning, a key enabler of artificial intelligence, is increasingly used for applications like self-driving cars, medical devices, and advanced robots that work near humans — all contexts where safety is of critical importance. Making Machine Learning Safer in High-Stakes Settings 2025 Read Article 12,757,958 12,757,958 Over 12,757,958 people have engaged with our work in 2025. 7,300 7,300 Over 7,300 innovative thinkers and accomplished practitioners volunteered their time with the National Academies in 2024. Topics Discover what the National Academies are doing to strengthen the fields of science, engineering, and medicine. Law, Society and Justice Space, Security and Conflicts Infrastructure and the Built Environment Information Technology Legislation and Policy Law, Society and Justice Space, Security and Conflicts Infrastructure and the Built Environment Information Technology Legislation and Policy Data and Statistics Agriculture and Natural Resources Research and Standards Engineering Environment and Biology Data and Statistics Agriculture and Natural Resources Research and Standards Engineering Environment and Biology Economy and Workforce Health and Medicine Transportation Education Economy and Workforce Health and Medicine Transportation Education View All Topics In Focus Strengthening the U.S. Research Enterprise A strong research enterprise drives innovation and discovery, improves Americans’ health and well-being, and protects national security. Learn more about our work on advancing U.S. leadership in science, protecting research integrity, and training a resilient STEM labor force. Learn More Supporting State and Local Decision Making Many science-related challenges that affect people’s health, environment, and livelihoods directly and profoundly require responses at the state, local, and regional levels. National Academies studies, workshops, and other projects help policymakers and communities better understand and navigate these challenges. Learn More Our Work on Transportation We rely on working transportation and infrastructure to go about our daily lives: a reliable electrical grid, durable buildings, and safe roads for all. The National Academies provide insights on how to create and maintain these critical systems to build a strong foundation for America’s future. Learn More Our Work on Artificial Intelligence As artificial intelligence increasingly becomes a part of daily life, the National Academies are advising the government on AI use, policy, ethics, and innovation. Explore our work, from making machine learning safer in high-stakes applications to setting standards for how AI is used in health and medicine. Learn More Advancing a Robust U.S. Economy Much of the National Academies’ work contributes to building a stronger, more competitive U.S. economy. We apply our expertise to spur innovation, bolster industrial capacity, modernize America’s infrastructure, and develop a skilled technical workforce for the 21st century. Learn More Our Work on Education Education shapes the future by building knowledge, creativity, and opportunity for all while giving us the building blocks for solving pressing global challenges and enhancing quality of life. The National Academies examine how students learn, how teachers can be supported, and how education systems can prepare all learners for success. Learn More Upcoming events See all events Key Non-Polar Destinations Across the Moon to Address Decadal-level Science Objectives with Human Explorers - Closed Meeting No. 18 Meeting · Upcoming Closed January 2, 2026 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM (EST) Committee on Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Sciences 2026 Spring Meeting Meeting · Upcoming January 5 - 6, 2026 44th Meeting of the Board on Science Education's Open Session Meeting · Upcoming January 5 - 6, 2026 Committee on Radio Frequencies - Monthly Call January 2026 Meeting · Upcoming Closed January 5, 2026 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM (EST) Future Directions for NSF’s Advanced Cyberinfrastructure (Meeting # 22) Meeting · Upcoming January 5, 2026 2:30 PM - 3:15 PM (EST) Symposium on Geotechnical Engineering Research Needs for Natural Hazard Mitigation Symposium · Upcoming January 7, 2026 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM (EST) Organizational Models for the Cyber Forces of the U.S. Armed Forces (Meeting # 3) Meeting · Upcoming January 7 - 8, 2026 National Academy of Sciences Building Art and Architecture Tour Lecture · Upcoming January 7, 2026 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM (EST) Status of Insects in North America Information Gathering Session Meeting · Upcoming January 7, 2026 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM (EST) Forum on Energy Systems Transformation and Decarbonization - Executive Meeting #5 Meeting · Upcoming Closed January 7, 2026 2:30 PM - 4:00 PM (EST) Webinar 4 - Bridging AI & Earth Systems Forecasting Applications Webinar · Upcoming January 8, 2026 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM (EST) Sexual Assault at Sea - Site Visit #2 Meeting · Upcoming Closed January 9, 2026 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM (EST) Based On Science Answers to everyday science and health questions Based On Science Do wildfires pose serious risks to human health? Fires pose serious health risks even when they are not deadly. People in fire zones can suffer burns, breathing problems due to smoke inhalation, injuries, and other trauma from evacuations. Read Article Are contrails harmful to the environment? Some contrails can contribute to global warming. Contrails—pure ice clouds (“cirrus”) that form from aircraft exhaust under specific cold conditions—can trap heat in the atmosphere, sometimes creating as much warming as the carbon dioxide released by burning jet fuel. Read Article Can vitamin A help prevent measles? Vitamin A does not prevent measles. The most effective way to prevent measles is through vaccination. Vitamin A supplements are a tool in reducing complications from measles, but they will not prevent infection. Vitamin A, when used under the guidance of a health care provider, may reduce the severity of measles, particularly among children at high risk of deficiency. However, too much vitamin A is dangerous. Read Article Visit Based On Science The National Academies The work of the private, nonprofit National Academies is grounded in the expertise of our three academies National Academy of Sciences The National Academy of Sciences was established in 1863 by an Act of Congress, signed by President Lincoln, as a private, nongovernmental institution to advise the government on issues related to science and technology. National Academy of Engineering The National Academy of Engineering was established in 1964 under the charter of the National Academy of Sciences to bring the practices of engineering to advising the government. National Academy of Medicine The National Academy of Medicine (formerly the Institute of Medicine) was established in 1970 under the charter of the National Academy of Sciences to advise the government on medical and health issues. Subscribe to Email from the National Academies Keep up with all of the activities, publications, and events by subscribing to free updates by email. Subscribe Driving progress for the benefit of society by providing independent, objective advice to advance science, engineering, and medicine. The National Academies National Academy of Sciences National Academy of Engineering National Academy of Medicine Careers Contact Us National Academies Press (NAP) Transportation Research Board Reports MyAcademies Accounts Journals and Periodicals PNAS PNAS Nexus ILAR Journal Issues in Science and Technology Transportation Research Record: Journal of the Transportation Research Board TR News Visit Visit Us Information Current Operating Status Beckman Center Legal Policies and Procedures Legal Information Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2026 National Academy of Sciences. All Rights
                Reserved. Discover Trending Topics Transportation Artificial Intelligence Space, Security and Conflicts See All Topics Our Work Consensus Studies Outreach Activities Standing Committees See All Work Our publications Our peer-reviewed reports present the evidence-based consensus of committees of experts. Events Convening Activities Roundtable and Forums Workshops Seminar/Webinar/Lecture Series Events Upcoming events Replay See all events Right Now & Next Up Stay in the loop with can’t-miss sessions, live events, and activities happening over the next two days. Engage Work with us Sponsoring a Project Contribute Expertise Donate Opportunities Engagement Programs Grants, Fellowships and Awards Careers Congressional and Government Affairs Connecting policymakers with the National Academies Based On Science Answers to everyday science and health questions About National Academies Purpose Process Get in touch Press and Media Contact Us Our People Leadership Program Centers Careers Latest News and Stories Latest News and Stories Members Learn about membership to the three Academies Search Search Mobile Navigation Primary Mobile Navigation Discover Trending Topics Transportation Artificial Intelligence Space, Security and Conflicts See All Topics Our Work Consensus Studies Outreach Activities Standing Committees See All Work Our publications Our peer-reviewed reports present the evidence-based consensus of committees of experts. Events Convening Activities Roundtable and Forums Workshops Seminar/Webinar/Lecture Series Events Upcoming events Replay See all events Right Now & Next Up Stay in the loop with can’t-miss sessions, live events, and activities happening over the next two days. Engage Work with us Sponsoring a Project Contribute Expertise Donate Opportunities Engagement Programs Grants, Fellowships and Awards Careers Congressional and Government Affairs Connecting policymakers with the National Academies Based On Science Answers to everyday science and health questions About National Academies Purpose Process Our People Leadership Program Centers Careers Get in touch Press and Media Contact Us Latest News and Stories Latest News and Stories Members Learn about membership to the three Academies My Academies Login Personal Library Account settings Logout Donate Log In Log In Sign in to access your saved publications, downloads, and email
        preferences. Former MyNAP users: You'll need to reset your password on your first
        login to MyAcademies. Click "Forgot password" below to receive a reset
        link via email. Having trouble? Visit our FAQ page to contact support. Members of the National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of
        Engineering, or National Academy of Medicine should log in through their
        respective Academy portals. Email (required) Password (required) Forgot password Log In Don't have an account? Sign up Register Register Email (required) New password (required) Retype password (required) Password must be at least 8 characters I accept the terms of use I accept the terms of use Sign Up Thank You Thank You Thank you for creating a MyAcademies account! Enjoy free access to thousands of National Academies' publications, a
        10% discount off every purchase, and build your personal library. Forgot Password Forgot Password Enter the email address for your MyAcademies (formerly MyNAP) account to
        receive password reset instructions. Email (required) Continue Reset Requested Reset Requested We sent password reset instructions to your email . Follow the link in that email to create a new password. Didn't receive
        it? Check your spam folder or contact us for assistance. Log In Reset Password Reset Password New password (required) Retype password (required) Password must be at least 8 characters Reset Password Reset Password Reset Password Your password has been reset. Log In Verify email Verify email Verify Your Email Address We sent a verification link to your email. Please check your inbox (and
        spam folder) and follow the link to verify your email address. If you
        did not receive the email, you can request a new verification link below Resend Verification Email Subscribe Subscribe First Name Last Name Email (required) I agree to receive emails from the National Academies (required) Subscribe We respect your privacy and will never share your information.