Nationwide Building Society
Skip to main content of page
Personal
Business
Search

Branch

Contact

Log in
Current accounts
Savings and ISAs
Mortgages
Loans
Credit cards
Insurance
Ways to bank
Help
Every one of our branches is staying put.

All 605 of our branches will remain open until at least the start of 2030.

That’s our Branch Promise to you.

About our Branch Promise
What are you looking for today?
Current accounts
Mortgages
Savings and ISAs
Insurance
Loans
Credit cards
Investments
Bank of England Base Rate: 

On Thursday 18 December 2025, the Bank of England announced a change in its base rate from 4% to 3.75%.

Learn what this means for our members
£175 when you switch to us

Switch to the Which? Banking Brand of the Year and we’ll give you £175. Conditions apply.

Get £175 when you switch to Nationwide
Earn 6.5% with our Flex Regular Saver

Save little and often towards what matters – whether it's special occasions, dream holidays, or home improvements.

Earn 6.5% AER/gross a year (variable) when you make no more than 3 withdrawals a year. Set aside up to £200 a month over a 12-month fixed term. Exclusively for existing current account customers. Terms apply.

Start saving now
The Nationwide banking app

Join over 6 million people who trust our banking app. Banking on our app is simple, easy and secure.

Manage your everyday money with ease.

Stay in control and check your balance or upcoming payments

Quickly freeze or unfreeze your debit card if it's lost or stolen

Chat to us or find the support you need

Explore and download our app
Internet banking

Check your balances or manage your payments all in one place.

Need any help logging in or registering? Visit our online banking help page.

Log into the internet bank
Register for the internet bank
Search for help
Search

Popular searches:

Check your savings interest rate
Fraud and security
All help topics
Independent service quality survey results

As part of a regulatory requirement, an independent survey was conducted to ask customers of the 17 largest personal current account providers for Great Britain and 12 largest personal current account providers for Northern Ireland if they would recommend their provider to friends and family.

We have published this information at the request of the Competition and Markets Authority so you can compare the overall quality of service from personal current account providers.

We asked customers how likely they would be to recommend their personal current account provider to friends and family.

Overall service quality – Great Britain

There’s more information to help you compare providers in the Competition and Markets Authority service quality results:

Service quality results for Great Britain
Overall service quality – Northern Ireland

There’s more information to help you compare providers in the Competition and Markets Authority service quality results:

Service quality results for Northern Ireland
Financial Conduct Authority Service Quality Metrics

The requirement to publish the Financial Conduct Authority Service Quality Information for personal current accounts can be found on our Nationwide Service Quality Metrics page.

Authorised push payment (APP) scams rankings in 2023

Authorised push payment (APP) scams happen when someone is tricked into transferring money to a fraudster's bank account.

These charts use data given to the Payment Systems Regulator (PSR) by major banking groups in the UK in 2024.

You can read the full report by visiting www.psr.org.uk/app-fraud-data.

Share of APP scams refunded

This is the proportion of total APP scam losses that were reimbursed, ranked out of 14 firms.

See full report on the PSR website
APP scams sent per £million transactions

This is the amount of money sent from the victim’s account to the scammer, ranked out of 14 firms.

For example, for every £1 million of Nationwide transactions sent in 2024, £219 was lost to APP scams.

See full report on the PSR website
APP scams received per £million transactions: smaller UK banks and payment firms

This is the amount of money received into the scammer’s account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and payment firms.

For example, for every £1 million received into consumer accounts at Skrill, £18,550 of it was APP scams.

See full report on the PSR website
APP scams received per £million transactions: major UK banks and building societies

This is the amount of money received into the scammer’s account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and payment firms.

For example, for every £1 million received into consumer accounts at Nationwide, £128 of it was APP scams.

See full report on the PSR website
Get in touch
Contact us
Telephone banking
Lost and stolen cards
Have your say
Branch finder
Suppliers
Careers (opens in a new window)
About Nationwide
About us
What membership means
Governance, reports and results
News and stories
Media centre
Inclusion and diversity
Slavery and human trafficking statement
Here to help
Accessibility
Service status
Fraud and security
Cookies and privacy
House price index
Investor Relations
Visa Secure

Nationwide Building Society is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority under registration number 106078.

You can confirm our registration on the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) website (opens in a new window)

Nationwide is not responsible for the content of external websites.

Social links
Like us on Facebook (this link will open in a new window)
LinkedIn (this link will open in a new window)
Follow us on X (this link will open in a new window)
YouTube (this link will open in a new window)
Instagram (this link will open in a new window)
©2025 Nationwide Building Society

Cookie settings

We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information from your device when you use our website.

Some are essential to make sure our website works properly and is secure. Others are optional and need your consent. For example, where we use cookies to help show you more relevant content and adverts.

You can change your settings at any time.

More about how we use cookies (opens in a new window)

Allow all cookies
Allow essential cookies only
Manage cookie settings