Welcome to the National Theatre Skip to main content Go to the homepage What’s on In Theatres In Cinemas Online Search the National Theatre Search Open Search Close Search Account My orders My details Log in Basket Donate Open Main Menu Menu National Theatre Main Menu Account My orders My details Log in Basket Donate Search the National Theatre Search Go to the homepage What’s on Experience world-class theatre In theatres London & On Tour In cinemas NT Live Online NT at home Search the National Theatre Search Your visit Access Getting here Our theatres and event spaces Things to do Venue hire Food and drink Lasdun Restaurant Forza Wine The Understudy Join and support Become a member Make a donation Corporate support Trusts and foundations Include a gift in your Will National Theatre in America Learn and explore Schools Skills Centre Teaching resources Training for business Young People About us Our history Careers, opportunities and advice Archive Contact us Shop The beloved adaptation of Ballet Shoes is back See what’s on Search the National Theatre Search In theatres What’s on End End Clive Owen and Saskia Reeves feature in this touching and funny play which completes David Eldridge’s trilogy exploring love and relationships. Directed by Rachel O'Riordan. Until 17 January 2026 Dates & tickets for End Dorfman Theatre - Ballet Shoes Ballet Shoes Noel Streatfeild’s best-selling book, spectacularly reinvented for the stage in this new adaptation by Kendall Feaver, returns later this year. Directed by Katy Rudd. Until 21 February 2026 Dates & tickets for Ballet Shoes Olivier Theatre - The Playboy of the Western World The Playboy of the Western World Caitríona McLaughlin directs Nicola Coughlan (Bridgerton) in John Millington Synge’s story of youth and self-discovery. Until 28 February 2026 Dates & tickets for The Playboy of the Western World Lyttelton Theatre - Man and Boy Man and Boy Ben Daniels and Laurie Kynaston play father and son in director Anthony Lau's production of Terence Rattigan’s tale of corruption. 30 January — 14 March 2026 Dates & tickets for Man and Boy Dorfman Theatre - Summerfolk Summerfolk A summer of pleasure. A storm on the horizon. Robert Hastie directs Maxim Gorky’s razor-sharp portrait of class, privilege and denial. 6 March — 29 April 2026 Dates & tickets for Summerfolk Olivier Theatre - Les Liaisons Dangereuses Les Liaisons Dangereuses Marianne Elliott directs Lesley Manville and Aidan Turner in a striking reimagining of Christopher Hampton’s celebrated adaptation of Choderlos de Laclos’ classic novel. 21 March — 6 June 2026 Dates & tickets for Les Liaisons Dangereuses Lyttelton Theatre - The Authenticator The Authenticator This house is full of secrets. A gripping and gothic psychological thriller from writer Winsome Pinnock (Leave Taking). Directed by Miranda Cromwell. 26 March — 9 May 2026 Dates & tickets for The Authenticator Dorfman Theatre - Pride Pride Fierce, funny and full of heart, Pride is based on the award-winning film which tells the inspiring true story of two threatened communities coming together. 11 June — 12 September 2026 Dates & tickets for Pride Dorfman Theatre - National Theatre at Home Stories worth sharing Gift over 100 world-class shows to stream anytime, anywhere… all in one thoughtful gift. Keep it easy this year with monthly or annual subscriptions to National Theatre at Home – unmissable shows ready to stream on mobile, desktop or straight to your TV. It only takes a few clicks to put your loved ones centre stage. You can choose the number of months to gift, set a delivery date and even add a custom message. Need help with your purchase? Read our FAQs . Gift a National Theatre at Home subscription Our ultimate theatre gift guide Discover our range of gifts, presents and experiences for the theatre-lovers in your life. View our gift ideas page Our ultimate theatre gift guide In cinemas The Fifth Step Watch Jack Lowden and Martin Freeman in the critically acclaimed and subversively funny new play by David Ireland. In cinemas now Find a venue near you Support unforgettable theatre for everyone As a charity, we rely on your support to make unforgettable theatre available to everyone. Find out more Stories Start Here Things to do on the South Bank Lasdun Restaurant Visit Lasdun for delicious seasonal dining in our modernist restaurant on the South Bank. Enjoy live music on Thursday and Friday evenings, from a roster of London’s established and emerging jazz musicians –  the perfect soundtrack to the Lasdun experience. Lasdun Restaurant Shop We are the leading theatre bookshop in the UK. Find our shop in the heart of the National Theatre and you’ll discover the latest plays, and a carefully chosen range of books and unique giftware. Every purchase supports the work of the National Theatre. National Theatre online shop The Greeks: Radical Reinvention The ancient Greeks were constantly reinventing their myths to speak to contemporary concerns and contemporary audiences. Explore how we have staged some of these powerful and still relevant, plays in this free exhibition. The Greeks: Radical Reinvention Footer Footer Navigation Access Careers Contact us Latest news Shop What we do Our history Press Research and reports What’s on Your visit Learn and explore Join and support Modern Slavery Statement Safeguarding Policy Donation and Sponsorship acceptance statement Complaints & Feedback Policy Get the latest from our newsletter What’s coming up on our stages and beyond. You’ll be the first to know about our new shows, ticket offers and upcoming events. Sign up to NT News Follow us on social media Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube TikTok BlueSky © National Theatre The Royal National Theatre is a registered charity no.224223. Registered as a company limited by guarantee in England no.749504. Registered Office: Upper Ground, London SE1 9PX Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions Site by substrakt CookieSettings