Focus Reset
Skip to content
Search
My Account
Donate
Visit
Discover & learn
Our cause
Membership
Support us
Holidays
Shop
Go wild
Reconnect with nature
Find a walk near you
Looking to the future
Protecting nature for everyone, for ever
Tune in
Discover nature, beauty and history on the go
Showing
1 of 3
Find your next visit

Discover more than 500 places to visit and lots of events to get involved in.

There are no suggestions available
Explore
Family-friendly places to visit 

Looking for a family day out that'll keep everyone entertained? Find things to do with the kids at the places we care for near you.

Discover the best places for you and your dog to explore, from coastal adventures and dramatic mountains to more leisurely walks and gardens to visit nearby. Plus, find information on dog-friendly cafés and read our Canine Code.

Explore some of the finest landscapes in our care on coastal paths, accessible trails, woodland walks and everything in between. Find the best places to walk near you.

Showing
1 of 3
Ideas for days out
Wassailing events 

Wassailing is an annual tradition to bless orchards and invite a good harvest for the year to come. Discover more about its Anglo-Saxon origins and find a wassailing event near you.

ARTICLE
Top 50 things to do in winter 

Winter is the perfect time for many of the ‘50 things to do before you’re 11¾’ activities. Wrap up warm and go welly wandering, fossil hunting or stargazing.

ARTICLE
Best lighthouses 

Discover some of the lighthouses in our care: places of science experiments, world-firsts and medieval warning systems.

ARTICLE
Trust10 trail runs 

Fancy soaking up the atmosphere of the beautiful places in our care while getting some exercise? Find out more about our free monthly 10k Trust10 trail runs.

ACTIVITY
Film and TV 

Go behind the scenes and discover which of our places have been filming locations for famous films and TV shows including Downton Abbey and Game of Thrones.

Discover our gardeners’ top tips so you can make the most of your garden, plot or window box.

Learn about people from the past, discover remarkable works of art and brush up on your knowledge of architecture and gardens.

Showing
1 of 3
Start your journey of discovery

Delve into history, get tips from our experts, learn a new skill and go behind the scenes at your favourite places.

Learn something new
Things to see and do
Wild places to get away from it all 

Despite our increasingly urbanised lives, there are still wild places in the UK to escape to. Why not visit one of the many areas of outstanding natural beauty that we look after?

ARTICLE
Wassailing: ritual and revelry 

Wassailing is a Twelfth Night tradition with pagan roots, which aims to ward off bad spirits and ensure a good harvest the following season. Learn more about the celebration.

ARTICLE
How to make a bird feeder 

If you’d like to see more birds in your outdoor space, discover how you can make a simple bird feeder with just a few items and ingredients.

ARTICLE
Gardening tips for winter 

Keep your garden or green spaces thriving with our winter gardening tips. There are plenty of jobs to keep you busy, from protecting your plants and wildlife to planning ahead for warmer days.

ARTICLE
Support our cause
APPEAL
Donate to the Cerne Abbas Nature Appeal 

We've looked after the Cerne Abbas Giant and the small plot of land he calls home since 1920. Now, we're committed to buying and caring for the land surrounding the Giant. With your support, we can transform it into a super site for nature. Please donate to the appeal or enter the prize draw, so together, we can help restore the land, habitats and species that live there.

In the news

More news
Weather and Wildlife Review 2025 

From drought to deluge, 2025 tested the UK’s wildlife and landscapes. Discover how plants and animals fared in 2025, and find out more about our vital work to address the nature and climate crises.

Holidays and shopping
Holidays for the year ahead 

Whether you're looking for rest, adventure or inspiration, we've got a holiday for you. Explore remote hideaways, cottages with sweeping coastal views and campsites for a range of active breaks.

ARTICLE
Get cosy indoors 

As the days gets chillier, make your home more welcoming with our interiors range. Browse cushions, throws, blankets and scented candles in designs that celebrate British craft and culture.

Become a member

Join today and help protect nature, beauty and history – for everyone, for ever. Enjoy access to more than 500 places with National Trust membership.

Join
Sign up to hear more from the National Trust
Subscribe

By sharing your email address you’re agreeing to receive marketing emails from the National Trust and confirm you’re 18 years old or over. Please see our Privacy policy for more information on how we look after your personal data.

For everyone, for ever
Who we are
About us
How we are run
Annual reports
Annual General Meeting
Jobs
Our partners
Our brand licence collaborations
News
Research
Services
Help centre
Holidays help centre
Online shop help centre
Venue hire and hosting experiences
Information for suppliers
Climate change adaptation guidance for heritage organisations
Public notices
Residential & farm lettings
Media
Get in touch
Contact us
Sign up to hear more
Our policies
Manage cookies
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Terms & conditions
Modern slavery
Privacy
You might also like
Jobs
Collections
Prints
Download the app
© National Trust Registered Charity 205846 Heelis, Kemble Drive, Swindon SN2 2NA

Cookies on nationaltrust.org.uk

This website uses cookies. Some are essential for the site to work or are used by embedded third party tools (such as video and audio players), and so will always be turned on.

Accept additional cookiesReject additional cookies
Manage cookies