Latest News | NationalWorld All Sections NationalWorld Sign In Subscribe News UK Politics Europe US Property Environment Crime Education Science Transport Obituaries Weather Submit Your Story Celebrity Royals TV Travel Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Food and Drink Homes and Gardens Family and Parenting Health Sport Football Olympics Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Other Sport Free Speech Newsletters BREAKING Top Stories One pub shut every day shut this year as cost pressures bite One pub shut its doors for good each day in 2025 as cost pressures continued to weigh on the sector, according to new figures. Here's how to make positive change as hospitals and hospices prepare for influx ... With the New Year approaching, hospitals and hospices across the UK are bracing for a wave of volunteer enquiries as people seek ways to turn resolutions into positive change, according to a national charity. Parents told to bin kids' Christmas present over 'choking risk' Sainsbury's and Argos are urging shoppers to bin a children's toy they were flogging ahead of Christmas - as it poses a 'choking risk'. The Wire and Veep star Isiah Whitlock Jr dies aged 71 American actor Isiah Whitlock Jr has died at the age of 71, his agent has confirmed. Major weather warning for UK New Year celebrations amid snow Brits are being warned that New Years celebrations could be a wintery affair, with plummeting temperatures and snow showers forecast for parts of the country. Editor's Picks How to spot January's 'Wolf Moon' - when is first full moon of 2026? Jools Holland's Annual Hootenanny 2025: Who is performing? What did Baba Vanga predict for 2026? From AI to WWIII warnings Former X-Factor star denies drink-driving in court appearance World's oldest professional fooballer, 58, joins new club People in the Spotlight What have been Princess Kate's best outfits of 2025? Catherine, Princess of Wales, has once again wowed the world when it came to her outfits in 2025. Marina Licht Mel Gibson separates from partner after nine years together Which celebrity couples split in 2025? Nicole Kidman included Beyoncé becomes fifth musician worth a billion - who are the others? Sign up to our NationalWorld Today newsletter Sign up Thank you for signing up! Did you know with an ad-lite subscription to NationalWorld, you get 70% fewer ads while viewing the news that matters to you. Subscription Offers Sorry, there seem to be some issues. Please try again later. Submitting... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Notice and Terms of Service apply. Celebrity News Grey's Anatomy star Eric Dane receiving 24/7 care amid ALS battle Grey’s Anatomy star Eric Dane is receiving round-the-clock care as his ALS diagnosis progresses, his wife Rebecca has said in a new update. Heather Carrick Kym Marsh says she felt ‘ashamed’ after being called fat on TV Idris Elba, Torvill and Dean, Lionesses and Red Roses lead honour list The Claudia Winkleman Show: Everything we know about the new chatshow Anthony Joshua involved in car crash in Nigeria as two people dead Fashion and Beauty Who were the worst dressed stars of 2025? Kim Kardashian included There were plenty of stars who dressed to impress in 2025, but there were others who failed to hit the fashion mark. Marina Licht The ultimate New Year's eve party dress for under £17 eBay Shopping guide for bargain finds Treat yourself to the Face the Future Festive Sparkle Edit - Natalie Dixon How I make the most of the Boots Boxing Day Sale The luxury last-minute Christmas gift shoppers are rushing to buy Boots £10 Tuesday deals: Huge Savings on today’s deals Struggling to buy for him - this is the gift that never fails Royals Close adviser to Duke and Duchess of Sussex quits job to return to UK The executive director at Harry and Meghan’s charity has announced he is quitting his job to return to the UK. Jamie Jones TV Who is on The Graham Norton New Year's Eve Show tonight? Graham norton is back with a jam-packed sofa to help you bring in the New Year. Heather Carrick What time is Stranger Things season five finale out? After a decade of waiting for loyal fans, there is only a few hours to wait until the release of the... Major warning for EastEnders fans ahead of New Years' Day episode EastEnders fans are being warned of a major update for the upcoming New Years’ Day flashforward epis... Malcolm In The Middle revival sets release date as new trailer drops The first teaser trailer for the new revival of Malcolm In The Middle has been released, with the re... Christine Lampard confirms departure from Lorraine after eight years Christine Lampard has confirmed her departure from ITV morning chat show Lorraine ahead of a major o... Travel Trains through Yorkshire delayed after thieves steal signalling cables Thieves have caused disruption to train services in south Yorkshire after they stole signalling cables, National Rail has said. David George Sunshine Saturday: This is the busiest day of the year to book holiday and get t... Passengers warned of more delays as Eurostar services resume All Eurostar services to and from London St Pancras cancelled Health What is Candida auris? Warning as 'killer fungus' cases rise “Inspiring” young man dies after 'flu' turned out to be cancer Magic AI Smart Mirror deal drops to £1,199 with free extras Meet the UK’s 10 super-donors who have saved countless lives Sport Jeremy Doku faces a race against time for Sunderland clash Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has given us an insight into how his staring XI will look for tomorrow’s trip to Sunderland. The 15 managers who could replace Nuno Espirito Santo at West Ham Arteta shares worrying update on Declan Rice's latest injury What have Tyson Fury and Jake Paul said after Anthony Joshua's crash? Liverpool sack coach after conceding 12 goals from set pieces Tottenham agree to sell forward to Crystal Palace in £35m deal Ex-Chelsea midfielder set for Premier League return Politics Alaa Abd El-Fattah apologises for 'shocking' posts in citizenship row Democracy activist Alaa Abd El-Fattah has apologised “unequivocally” for several historic tweets in which he appears to call for violence towards Zionists, but said some of the posts have been “completely twisted out of their meaning”. PA reporter Business news powered by Insider Media Nine major retailers that will open in the UK on New Year’s Day 2026 High street shops gone in 2025: Big name chains who closed UK stores What UK exporters need to know about China’s new duties on EU goods TGI Fridays UK on brink of administration The bank account that could be quietly earning you £10,000 next year Asda cushion recall: Customers to return items over fire safety fears Free Speech How to cope with a Christmas phobia A fear of Christmas is something you may not have even imagined, but it’s very real for those living with Christougenniatikophobia and no less valid than a fear... Oscar Brown NHS plan reads well but devil is in detail - we are not all the same Judith Potts I'm a TV writer - here's one of my most cherished Christmas traditions Heather Carrick Kylie Minogue inspired my world record Sapphira Silcock Crime Man charged after ‘three women sexually assaulted’ in Tesco Hospital staff attacked with ‘crowbar’ after man denied appointment Who Wants To Be a Millionaire? quiz contestant to pay back £4m Tributes to “deeply loved” grandad who died after village pub incident Victim left fighting for life after Sheffield Christmas Day shooting Two arrested after 30-year-old man stabbed to death in Wolverhampton Entertainment The games leaving PlayStation Plus in January 2026 Four games will be leaving the PlayStation Plus service in January, Sony has confirmed. David George Who is allowed to visit Michael Schumacher? Today marks 12 years since Michael Schumacher’s life-changing skiing accident. John Torode 'preparing for worst' over future of ITV show John Torode and Lisa Faulkner’s ITV cooking show is reportedly set to be rested in 2026, months afte... Death In Paradise season 15 update after Christmas special surprise Death In Paradise fans were left with hope that a fan-favourite character would be returning to the ... PlayStation confirms major shake-up to PS Plus service in 2026 Sony could be starting 2026 with a bang as it announces the first batch of free PlayStation games fo... Must Watch Watch the moment burglar falls over as he breaks off door handle A 'Home Alone' style burglar who got instant karma by being thwarted by a door handle has been jailed. Watch the moment cops ran this dangerous driver off the road Rogue builder who conned customers out of £1.25 million jailed Watch This 1 Discover Crete's hidden gem: Luxury and family bliss at Mirabello Bay 2 Sneak preview of Brewdog's 2025 Advent calendar – 24 beers and extras 3 Dashcam footage shows drivers running red lights - including near-miss 4 Holiday staycation island that's celeb favourite with stunning beaches 5 Economic expert shares where to shop during cost of living crisis Tickets British Olympian Tin-Tin Ho “can’t wait” for ITTF World Team Table Tennis Champi... Man wins £120,000 Rolls-Royce in spot the ball competition Louvre strike closures: Disruptions at world’s most popular museum Wolf Alice and Biffy Clyro to headline Kendal Calling 2026 Birmingham student’s career soars after fears Covid killed her dream England fans slam World Cup ticket prices as 'monumental betrayal' This website and its associated newspaper are members of Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Follow us on Explore News Submit Your Story Celebrity Royals TV Travel Health Sport Free Speech Useful Links About Contact Us Advertise My Business Place your Ad Archive Subscribe Jobs Today Publisher Guidelines Cookie Settings Terms and Conditions Privacy notice Modern Slavery Statement © 2025 Iconic Media Group Ltd. All rights reserved. Registered in England & Wales - company number 11499982 Registered office: 22 Princes Street, London, W1B 2LU Telling news your way Sign In Subscribe Switch to US edition News News UK Politics Europe US Property Environment Crime Education Science Transport Weather Submit Your Story Celebrity Royals Entertainment Entertainment TV Movies Music Arts and Books Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Food and Drink Homes and Gardens Family and Parenting Tech Cars and Motoring Health Sport Sport Football Olympics Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Other Sport Wealth & Money Free Speech Recommended Recommended Lifestyle Technology Entertainment Home and Garden Fashion and Beauty Deals World Network World Network BirminghamWorld BristolWorld GlasgowWorld LiverpoolWorld LondonWorld ManchesterWorld NewcastleWorld Advertise Advertise Advertise My Business Celebrations More from us Newsletter Podcasts Jobs Archive About Us Advertise Contact Us Follow us Sign up to our NationalWorld Today newsletter Sign up Thank you for signing up! Did you know with an ad-lite subscription to NationalWorld, you get 70% fewer ads while viewing the news that matters to you. Subscription Offers Sorry, there seem to be some issues. Please try again later. Submitting... This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Notice and Terms of Service apply. © 2025 Iconic Media Group Ltd. All rights reserved. Cookie Settings Terms and Conditions Privacy notice