National Journal Login Get Started Skip to content Toggle navigation Home About About Us Careers Our Culture Contact Products Membership Presentation Center News & Tools Latest News Podcasts Events Login Get Started Helping organizations effectively navigate policy and politics. We deliver insightful journalism, produce custom content and editable slides, and advise organizations on their advocacy strategy. New Report: Margins to Mainstream Our Solutions Presentations & Content Support News & Analysis Interactive Mapping Case Studies People Intelligence Featured Work The Listening Station Each week, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Dufour delivers a FREE newsletter with sharp, timely insights drawn from our powerful new tool monitoring how nontraditional media are shaping the political and policy landscape. Subscribe for Free → Almanac+ Download in-depth profiles and contact information for policymakers and their staff at the federal, state, and local levels. Learn More → Sunday Nightcap Newsletter Subscribe to National Journal’s Sunday Nightcap, a weekly check-in on the week that was and the week to come in politics and policy with National Journal's Editor in Chief, Jeff Dufour. Subscribe for Free → New Report! Margins to Mainstream Policy ideas are now emerging from non-traditional sources and then taking hold in Washington, often at an astonishing pace. Download our latest on nontraditional media's rise as a policy force. Download Report → Videos & Animated Graphics Leverage our multimedia support to deliver dense information in a way that is engaging, visual, and easy to digest. Explore Videos & GIFs → PAC Manager Toolbox Ready-made and customizable resources to help you with your PAC goals this cycle. Access Toolbox → Interactive Mapping Transform your government affairs data into powerful visuals with National Journal's new interactive mapping tool. Learn More → The Presentation Center produces timely, relevant content that is easy to access and use in our day-to-day work. National Journal helps us save time and optimize efficiency! Anna Schneider — Volkswagen, Senior Vice President, Industry and Government Relations Our Members Events Stay up-to-date with NJ Watch the Hotline team recap the results from the 2024 presidential race all the way down the ballot to Senate, House, and state races. View Replay → NJ in Action The C-Suite Political Briefing helps government affairs professionals to deliver clear, impactful political updates to busy leadership teams. Request a Demo Advertise with Us Press Staff Gravity Research Address: 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW The Watergate Washington, DC 20037 Phone: 202-266-7900 Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Reprints & Permissions | FAQs | NJ and CPR Partnership | Copyright 2025 National Journal Group LLC