The National Archives This website uses cookies We place some essential cookies on your device to make this website work. We'd like to use additional cookies to remember your settings and understand how you use our services. This information will help us make improvements to the website. Set cookie preferences Technical issues with our catalogue We are currently experiencing technical issues with our catalogue, Discovery, which may cause intermittent outages. Our team is working to resolve these problems as quickly as possible. Thank you for your patience. Skip to main content The National Archives Menu Visit What’s on Explore the collection Help using the archive Education Professional guidance and services Search Shop Search our website Search Discovery, our catalogue The National Archives Explore 1,000 years of history Help with your research Search the catalogue Plan your visit Feature Love Letters Discover 500 years of devotion, longing, sacrifice and passion. Feature Letters from the curator of St Vincent Botanic Gardens Discover surprising connections between Britain’s colonial past and some of our favourite festive spices.... Feature Happy & Glorious View a display of new works of art made in response to the 2023 coronation. Event Genealogy: Getting started with family history Start your journey with our expert-led three part series. News More than 600 government files released under 20-year rule Including Cabinet Office files and more. News Announcing upcoming exhibition, Revolution 250: The Making of the USA Free exhibition will feature rare Declaration of Independence Feature Visiting our reading rooms We encourage booking visits in advance. Our research & academic collaboration Learn about our work as an Independent Research Organisation. Archives sector Get help to develop your collections and archives services. Education View award-winning resources for students and teachers. Information management Access best practice in records management and transfer, and information re-use. The National Archives The National Archives Kew, Richmond TW9 4DU Follow us The National Archives X feed (formally known as Twitter) The National Archives YouTube channel The National Archives Facebook page The National Archives Flickr feed The National Archives Instagram feed Quick links About us Contact us News Blogs Podcasts Image library Press room Jobs British citizenship services Historical Manuscripts Commission Other websites UK Government Web Archive Legislation.gov.uk Find Case Law The Gazette The National Archives Trust Friends of The National Archives The National Archives Design System Sign up to our emails Hear about our latest news, stories from the collection and priority booking for events. Subscribe Accessibility statement Freedom of information Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies Open Government Licence All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated GOV.UK GOV.UK