Nationwide Children's Hospital Skip to Content Nationwide Children’s Hospital Schedule an Appointment MyChart For Medical Professionals Quality Research Donate Careers Search Nationwide Children’s Call Nationwide Children’s Search Search Schedule an Appointment MyChart Search Search Find A Doctor The Importance of Having a Relationship With Your Child's Pediatrician Questions to Ask When Choosing a Pediatrician Online Second Opinions View all our medical professionals If you would like to schedule an appointment with one of our nationally ranked specialists or Primary Care physicians please click or call (800) 881-7385. Request an Appointment Conditions We Treat Search Conditions Conditions We Treat Search Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder - ADHD Atrial Septal Defect Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia (BPD) Epilepsy Hirschsprung Disease View All Conditions NICU Parent Booklet Access resources for you to use during your baby's hospital stay and at home. NICU Resources Specialties Search Specialties Specialties Search Search Ear, Nose & Throat (Otolaryngology) Services The Fetal Center Gastroenterology,  Hepatology & Nutrition Hematology,  Oncology & Blood and Marrow Transplant Neurology Pediatric Surgery Sports Medicine View All Specialties The Heart Center Expertise. Compassion. Advanced technologies. Learn how we can help Locations Main Campus Emergency Care Locations Urgent Care Locations Close To Home Centers Primary Care Locations Laboratory Services Behavioral Health Care Radiology Locations Clinics, Centers and Other Nationwide Children's Hospital - Toledo See All Locations Urgent Care Wait Times Downtown 00:43-00:53 Canal Winchester 00:15 East Columbus 00:15 More Locations and Wait Times Your Visit Medical Records Financial Matters Same-Day Procedures Overnight and Extended Stays Visiting the Emergency Room Preparing for a Primary Care or Clinic Visit Telehealth Global Patient Services Send a Greeting Card Send a custom card to a child you know or brighten any child's stay with a smile by sending a card. Create a Card Family Resources & Education 700 Children's Blog Health, Wellness and Safety Resources Patient and Family Centered Care Community Resources Support Groups Patient Stories Classes for Parents and Kids Helping Hands Resources for Parents and Kids Community Resources Health is more than doctor visits. Find Community Resources for you and your family here. Find Resources For Medical Professionals Quality Research Donate Careers Search Search Search Search Search Locations Emergency Urgent Care Getting Kids Back to Being Kids. When Liam’s parents noticed something unusual with his breathing, they trusted their instincts and our experts. Thanks to expert care from Nationwide Children’s Heart Center, Liam is back to doing what he does best: just being a kid. Read Liam's Story Up Next: The Best Choice for Kids. The Best Choice for Kids. At Nationwide Children’s Hospital, we believe every child deserves extraordinary care. It’s why we've been ranked in the nation’s top 10 children’s hospitals by U.S. News & World Report for twelve years in a row. Learn More About This Recognition Up Next: Expanding Care in Toledo Expanding Care in Toledo Nationwide Children’s Hospital - Toledo is dedicated to providing the highest quality pediatric care to children and families in northwest Ohio. Learn More About Our Toledo Services Up Next: Getting Kids Back to Being Kids. When your child needs a hospital, everything matters. MyChart Login Learn More Your Visit Visitor Guidelines in Place As we anticipate a rise in respiratory viruses during the fall and winter months, it is necessary for Nationwide Children’s to protect the health of high-risk inpatients by restricting inpatient visitors. Beginning November 1, all visitors (including siblings) on units H2, H4, H8, H12 and the Neonatal Network must be free of illness and at least 12 years of age. Learn More About Visitor Guidelines Your Visit New Safety Screening at Main Campus Starting Monday, Dec. 1, as part of our ongoing work to ensure a safe environment for our patients and families, Nationwide Children’s will have metal detectors at main campus inpatient lobbies. Please build in extra time for your arrival. Plan Your Visit View Hospital Map Careers A Great Place to Work Nationwide Children’s is ranked as one of the top two organizations in Ohio, in the top five for children’s hospitals nationally, twelfth in the healthcare and social industry category and 31st among the top 500 large employers category. Learn More Join Our Team Locations Save My Place: Urgent Care Without the Waiting Room Skip the urgent care waiting room. Save your place in line and receive an arrival time, allowing you and your child to wait for urgent care wherever you’re most comfortable. Save Your Place Online Important Stats A Leader in Safety Committed to achieving zero preventable harm Magnet Recognition For nursing excellence 1.9 Million Patient Visits From around the world Community Support 47,000+ donors Every Story Matters “Access to resources like food assistance, housing support, transportation and utilities are crucial for families. Resources help ease burdens for our families that are impacted by chronic illness. Having access to resources promote better health outcomes for our patients.” Emily McDaniel, Clinical Medical Social Worker, Rheumatology Learn More About Social Work Careers “I became a pediatrician because I love helping kids stay healthy and reach their full potential. I practice emergency medicine because severe illness and injuries can happen at any time of the day. Our team is here to help kids and families whenever they need us… even in the middle of the night!” Mike Patrick, Physician, Emergency Medicine Learn More About Emergency Services “My role is important to patients and families because it is my job to get them from one destination to the other in a safe and timely manner. When transporting a patient, I always attempt to make parents as comfortable as possible.” Anthony Joyce, Patient Transport, Transportation Services Learn More About Career Opportunities Join the Conversation! Social Media at Nationwide Children’s Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Tiktok Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on YouTube Nationwide Children’s Hospital 700 Childrens Drive Columbus, OH 43205 (614) 722-2000 Contact us by Email Financial Matters Learn more about financial assistance. Price Transparency Pay My Bill Online International Patients Our Global Patient Services team is here to help international and out-of-area families every step of the way. Global Patient Services For Employees Access ANCHOR, the intranet for Nationwide Children’s employees. Access ANCHOR About Nationwide Children's Hospital Toggle Menu Who We Are How We Lead Population Health and Health Equity Corporate Integrity Program The Center for Clinical Excellence Toggle Menu Quality Improvement Bootcamp Quality Leadership Academy Clinical Outcomes Safety Equity Career Opportunities Toggle Menu What's Your Passion? Caring For You: Benefits and Perks Careers Events Calendar International Employee Resources YOU Matter Program ANCHOR COVID-19 Resources News at Nationwide Children's Toggle Menu News Releases Media Inquiries Stay Connected Hospital Publications Our Experts Privacy Policy Site Map Accessibility Nondiscrimination Notice © 2025 Nationwide Children’s Hospital