Your Guide to the World :: Nations Online Project Next Next Continents About Continents Africa The Americas Asia Europe Oceania/Australia Countries Countries Index Countries A to Z Sovereign States Dependent Areas Countries by Area Country Population Island Countries Countries of the Islamic World Third World First, Second, Third World Countries Human Development by Country Countries by Corruption Countries and Press Freedom Country Flags Currencies Cities Cities Index Megacities Famous Cities Capital Cities Africa Capital Cities Americas Capital Cities Asia Capital Cities Australia Capital Cities Europe US Capital Cities Largest US cities Airports and Airlines Landmarks Famous Landmarks City Icons Places of Power Sacred Mountains Languages Languages Languages by countries Language codes Most spoken Languages Maps Maps Index Maps by Country Maps of US States International Codes Index International News Country Codes Int. Calling Codes Currency Codes Airport Codes Culture BLM .:. Black Music ☰ ▲ Comet Lemmon over the High Tatras. C/2025 A6 (Lemmon) is a long-period comet with an orbital period of approximately 1150 years. Image: © Tomáš Slovinský & Constantine Themelis Hello Earthlings! ≈ Koan of the Week ∞ "... and f***ing Peace on Earth!" 100+ of the world's most amazing countries There are more than 200 countries in the world, and some are more amazing than others, but hardly. All Countries of the World Canada United Kingdom United States Argentina Hong Kong Puerto Rico Taiwan Panama Qatar Australia China Brazil Indonesia Italy Germany France Colombia Japan Philippines South Africa Spain Egypt Vietnam Iran - Persia Malaysia Singapore United Arab Emirates New Zealand India Ghana Saudi Arabia Ireland Bangladesh Mexico Thailand Russia Turkey Sri Lanka Nicaragua South Korea The Bahamas Chile Bolivia Cambodia Mauritius Austria Angola Israel Venezuela Norway Switzerland The Netherlands Madagascar Fiji Costa Rica Benin Algeria Sweden Myanmar - Burma Nigeria Uganda Belgium Greece Poland Nepal Denmark Senegal Portugal Bahrain Romania Jordan Peru Cuba Tanzania Slovenia Ethiopia Dominica Cyprus Pakistan Guatemala Bhutan Namibia Maldives Finland Papua New Guinea Jamaica Azerbaijan Malta Morocco Micronesia Kenya Iceland Ecuador Belize Mongolia Croatia Greenland El Salvador Malawi Oman Laos Guyana Quotes Tradition Being offended by facts is a long human tradition. Megan O'Keefe - Velocity Weapon Mysterious The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. He to whom the emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand wrapped in awe, is as good as dead —his eyes are closed. Albert Einstein Inspirational Quote of the Week Be the change that you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi No fear "Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." Babe Ruth Basic Rule Energy can neither be created nor destroyed, but only transformed from one form to another. The law of conservation of energy Are you confused by all the conflicting messages that rush at us daily? You are not alone. But be aware that this also happens to less educated people (like me) who are even less able to understand what interests are behind these messages. Many people feel more and more helpless or ignore the obvious and run to the next strong man. How can this be avoided in the future? Education could help. Give the next generation a better chance. Teach them critical thinking , make them understand the connections. UPDATE Languages of the World Languages by Continent and the most widely spoken languages in the world. UPDATE Population by Country The latest population figures for each country are now available. A tribute to Black Music In celebration of Black History Month (which should be every month), we've added  a little more color,   a few more artists and more music to our beloved List of Black Musicians , singers and songwriters, to remind us how much they've influenced the fabric of our global culture. The Nations Online Project .:. www.nationsonline.org .:. let's 
care for this planet .:. no fakes - just facts © Copyright | 1998-2023 Thanks to all those who have made their photos available to the public and thus also to Nations Online Project. Images credit: Sri Lanka - High Contrast; Hong Kong  - Timon Studler; Mexico - Daniel Schwen; Nicaragua - Phayne; Ghana - Stig Nygaard; Bangladesh - NASA; Saudi Arabia - Aiman Titi; Kenya - Key45; Ireland - Joachim Kohler; New-Zealand - Gobeirne; United Arab Emirates - ykeiko; Egypt - Diego Delso; Argentina - Gavieiro Juan M; Spain - Bernard Gagnon; South Africa - Mike Peel; Philippines - Eric Montalban; Japan - Midori; Nigeria - Ulf Ryttgens; Canada - Saffron Blaze; Pakistan - Ali Mujtaba; Indonesia - Heaven's Army; 
  Brazil - Donatas Dabravolskas; China - J. Patrick Fischer; Australia - Pavel Špindler; France - Michelle Maria; Russia - Grechkina Nadejda; USA - MadGrin; UK - Diliff; Italy - Wolfgang Moroder; Bahamas - Bahamas Government; Chile - visit-chile.org ; South Korea - Alexandre Chambon; Israel - Martin Furtschegger; Angola - L. Willms; Switzerland - Chnebelhäx; Norway - Motif Räsänen; Venezuela - Paolo Costa Baldi; Mauritius - Sofitel So Mauritius; Bolivia - Haceme un 14; Benin - Marc Auer; Madagascar - Frank Vassen; Netherlands - Tarod; Fiji - American; Algeria - Zinou de Batna; Costa Rica - Arturo Sotillo; Romania - Calatorinlume; Qatar - Francisco Anzola; Denmark - Sculptor: Edvard Eriksen; Slovenia - Neven Krcmarek; Jordan - David Bjorgen; Bahrain - Wadiia, Panama - Ron Reiring, Papua New Guinea - Anselmo Lastra, Malta - Berit Watkin; Morocco - Annabel Symington; Federated States of Micronesia - Garrett W; Guyana - amanderson; Ecuador - Simon Matzinger; Greenland - Dave Stanley; Belize - Seann McAuliffe; El Salvador - Ramon; All others images by kk nationsonline.org