Home - National Eating Disorders Association Learn Close Learn Open Learn Resource Center Research Grants What are Eating Disorders? Statistics Warning Signs and Symptoms Lived Experiences and Professional Insights Blog Get Help Close Get Help Open Get Help Screening Tool Find Treatment Free and Low Cost Support How to Help Someone Get Involved Close Get Involved Open Get Involved Ways to Give Raise Awareness in Your Community NEDA Cares Email Sign-Up Awareness Campaigns Campus Warriors About Us Close About Us Open About Us Our Work Advisors Impact Contact Us Board of Directors Jobs Staff Get Screened Español Donate Now Search … search Created by shuai tawf from the Noun Project Search … search Created by shuai tawf from the Noun Project Learn Resource Center What are Eating Disorders? Warning Signs and Symptoms Statistics Lived Experiences and Professional Insights Blog Research Grants Get Help Screening Tool Find Treatment Free and Low Cost Support How to Help Someone Get Involved Ways to Give NEDA Cares Awareness Campaigns Campus Warriors Raise Awareness in Your Community Email Sign-Up About Us Our Work Impact Board of Directors Staff Advisors Contact Us Jobs Donate Get Screened Donate Hope Starts Here The National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) is the nation’s leading nonprofit working to fundamentally change the way eating disorders are understood and treated so those affected can achieve lasting recovery and well-being. Learn more about us Hope Starts Here The National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) is the nation’s leading nonprofit working to fundamentally change the way eating disorders are understood and treated so those affected can achieve lasting recovery and well-being. Learn more about us I Want to Learn Get informed about eating disorders and their impact. Explore Resource Center cardlink I Want to Get Help Start your journey with our screening tool and find treatment options, support groups, and helpful resources. Start Your Journey cardlink I Want to Help Someone Whether you’re a loved one, educator, coach, or professional learn how to support those with eating disorders. Learn How to Help cardlink I Want to Make a Difference Join us to volunteer, fundraise, or raise awareness to support NEDA’s mission. Get Involved Today cardlink Help, Hope, And Healing Resources for every stage of Recovery Raising Awareness in Your Community Our Understanding Eating Disorders presentation helps people spot early signs and support those at risk. Available for schools, workplaces, non-profit organizations, and community events. Become a Presenter or Collaborate with Us NEDA Toolkits These comprehensive guides are tailored for parents and caregivers, coaches and athletic trainers, and educators and school staff, providing the information and resources needed to offer effective support. Explore our Toolkits Skill-Building Webinars We host monthly webinars led by eating disorders experts, offering practical skills to support recovery at every stage. Register or Watch a Webinar Awareness Campaigns Join NEDA’s campaigns throughout the year and help spread awareness, promote early intervention, and support lasting recovery. Join A Campaign Read NEDA’s Latest Blog Discover personal stories of hope and healing, plus expert insights to help you better understand eating disorders and support recovery. Read Our Latest Blog Think you may have an eating disorder? Take NEDA’s free and confidential screening tool today. Get Screened Our 2024 Impact Together, We’re Making a Difference Through the power of community, education, and research, NEDA is making a real difference in the lives of those affected by eating disorders. Your support helps us provide essential resources, fund research, and create a future where lasting recovery is possible for all. Learn More About Our Impact 1.6 M NEDA helped connect over 1.6 Million individuals to eating disorders information and resources. 110,000 Over 110,000 individuals completed NEDA’s screening tool. $225,000 NEDA awarded $225,000 in grants to fund innovative eating disorders treatment research. Donate Today Help us provide essential resources, fund research, and create a future where lasting recovery is possible for all. Give Today Subscribe to our Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Zip Lead Source --None-- Newsletter Web Phone Inquiry Partner Referral Purchased List Other Contact Us info@nationaleatingdisorders.org Mailing Address for Correspondence 333 Mamaroneck Avenue, #214, White Plains, NY 10605 Mailing Address for Donations P.O. Box 738780, Dallas. TX 75373 National Eating Disorders Association is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit, EIN: 13-3444882 Quick Links About Us Contact Donate Learn Resource Center Warning Signs What are Eating Disorders? Blog Research Grants Get Help Screening Tool Espańol Find Treatment Free & Low-Cost Support How to Help Someone Get Involved Ways to Give NEDA Cares Awareness Campaigns Campus Warriors Raise Awareness in Your Community Facebook Instagram Linkedin Privacy Policy Terms of Use Together we can win the fight against eating disorders. Become a monthly donor today. I'd like to become a monthly donor × Please fill out the form below to download and get news and resources in your inbox. First Name Last Name Zip Email Submit This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK Do Not Accept