Discover the Timeless Value of Natural Diamonds Trade US India UAE France Newsletter FAQs Magazine Natural Diamonds & Synthetics Engagement Rings Diamond Jewelry Sustainability & Ethics Magazine Sections Latest News Culture & Style Science of Diamonds Engagement Rings & Weddings Responsibility Historic Diamonds Top Stories Michelle Monaghan Sparkles in Diamonds The Royal Legacy of The Cullinan Diamond Jay Ellis Finds Empowerment in Jewelry Learn About Botswana Minister Kenewendo Diamond Engagement Ring Trends Diamond Mine Closures Find Your Style The Moval Cut 3 Carat Diamond Rings 22 Unique Engagement Rings The Round Brilliant Cut Diamond Tennis Necklace Ultimate Guide Natural Diamonds and Wood Jewelry Natural Diamonds & Synthetics What to Know? Discover Natural Diamonds Natural vs Lab Grown Diamonds Diamonds vs Moissanite Other Diamond Simulants Find Out More Diamond Myths Diamond Verification Methods What Affects Diamond Value? Diamond Certification and Appraisal Natural Diamond Origins Colored Diamonds Supporting Communities Engagement Rings What to Know Engagement Ring Shopping Guide Certification and Appraisal The 4Cs of Diamonds Diamond Shapes and Cuts Average Engagement Ring Cost Find Out More Natural vs Lab Grown Diamond Rings Moissanite vs Diamond Rings Engagement Ring Settings The History of Engagement Rings Diamond Myths A Guide to Engagement Ring Insurance How to Clean a Diamond Ring Find Your Diamond Ring Diamond Sustainability & Ethics Affordable Engagement Rings 1 Carat Diamond Ring 2 Carat Diamond Ring Custom Engagement Rings Vintage Engagement Rings Wedding Rings Diamond Rings Shop Our Retail Partners Diamond Jewelry What to Know Diamond Jewelry Guide Diamond Gifting and Milestones Buying & Selling Diamonds The 4Cs: Cut, Color, Clarity & Carat Find Out More What Affects Diamond Value? Jewelry Auctions Diamond Jewelry Insurance Diamond Myths Natural vs Lab Grown Diamonds About Natural Diamonds Natural Diamonds & Synthetics Find Your Diamond Jewelry Diamond Rings Diamond Bracelets Diamond Chains Diamond Tennis Bracelet Diamond Earrings Diamond Necklaces Diamond Anniversary Gifts Diamond Heirlooms Antique Engagement Rings Shop Our Retail Partners Sustainability & Ethics What to Know Responsible Sourcing Diamond Origins Supporting Communities Industry Regulations Industry Reports & Research Find Out More Environmental Stewardship Debunking Conflict Diamonds NDC Diamond Reports Natural Diamonds vs Lab Grown Diamonds Diamond Myths Trade FAQs Newsletter US India UAE France Discover the world of natural diamonds No results were found… Recommended Topics Natural Diamonds & Synthetics Engagement Ring Guide Sustainability and Ethics Magazine Trending Topics Landman Actress Ali Larter Is All Lit Up By Maggie Morris Botswana’s Minister Kenewendo and How Natural Diamonds Make Her Nation Shine By Sam Broekema All About the Heart of the Ocean Necklace from the Titanic By Hannah Militano Traveling With Jewelry: How to Safely Carry, Insure, and Store Diamonds By Meredith Lepore Bunny Mellon’s Extraordinary Legacy of Jewels By Meredith Lepore Exciting Diamond Engagement Ring Trends for 2026: What Will Shape the Year Ahead By Grant Mobley 10 Incredible Diamond Discoveries in Botswana That Shook the World By Meredith Lepore Step Inside the Glittering World of Marie Antoinette Style and the Jewels That Define It By Josie Goodbody Everything to Know About How to Sell a Diamond By Jill Newman Inside Barbara Hutton’s Legendary Diamond Collection By Meredith Lepore Discover Natural Diamonds Engagement Ring Shopping Guide To find the perfect engagement ring, learn the 4Cs, understand the difference between natural and lab-grown diamonds, and shop with a trusted retailer. Learn more Natural vs Lab-Grown Diamonds Natural and laboratory-grown diamonds may look alike, but experts can always distinguish them by analyzing growth patterns and inclusions. Learn more Diamond Formation Formed billions of years ago and brought to light by ancient volcanoes, natural diamonds, first found in India, embody timeless love and value. Learn more Average Engagement Ring Cost In 2024 the average U.S. engagement ring cost $6,750. The best choice is one that’s meaningful, suits your style and budget, and holds lasting value. Learn more Get the Newsletter Sign up for the latest diamond news, delivered directly to your inbox. Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email Address (Required) Consent (Required) I agree with the Terms of Service . (Required) Δ Natural Diamonds & Synthetics Engagement Rings Diamond Jewelry Sustainability & Ethics Magazine Natural Diamond Council (NDC) is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to promoting and protecting the integrity of the natural diamond industry worldwide. NDC serves as the authoritative voice for natural diamonds, inspiring and educating consumers on their real, rare and responsible values. Follow us Facebook YouTube Instagram X Tiktok Pinterest LinkedIn © 2026 — Natural Diamond Council Terms of Service Privacy Policy Legal Notices Exercise My Rights Site by Pollen Consent By clicking Download I confirm that I agree to the Terms & Conditions for image and video usage. Email (Required) Δ Get the Newsletter Sign up for the latest diamond news, delivered directly to your inbox. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email Address (Required) Consent (Required) I agree with the Terms of Service . (Required) Δ Close No results were found... Natural Diamonds & Synthetics Engagement Rings Natural Diamonds vs Lab Grown Diamonds Sustainability & Ethics Most searched lab grown vs natural diamonds sustainability & ethics the 4c's of diamonds history of engagement rings diamond shapes & ring settings natural diamonds