Limited-Time Match: Your $1 = $2 for Nature

Close
Skip to content
Language:
English
English
Español
WHAT WE DO
ABOUT US
GET INVOLVED
MEMBERSHIP & GIVING
Show search
 RENEW 
DONATE
The Nature Conservancy
Limited-Time Match

Give today and every $1 becomes $2 for nature.

MATCH MY GIFT
EXPLORE WHERE WE WORK
Stepping Up Progress in this Defining Decade

Alongside communities, we’re urgently clearing obstacles and finding solutions to the climate and biodiversity crises.

Who We Are

We are dedicated staff, scientists and members advancing effective, lasting conservation in more than 80 countries and territories.

What We Do

To make the highest possible impact on the climate and biodiversity crises between now and 2030, we’re developing breakthrough ideas, amplifying local leaders and influencing policy.

How To Help

There are so many ways to make positive change for our planet. Volunteer with us. Learn how to reduce your carbon footprint. Donate to conservation work.

Where We Work

Dense rainforests, remote coral reefs and the hearts of major cities. Our strategies are as diverse as the habitats and geographies in which we work.

OUR MISSION
Conserving the lands and waters on which all life depends

Every acre we protect and every river mile we restore begins with you. Your support helps us take on the dual threats of climate change and biodiversity loss across 80+ countries and territories.

DONATE NOW
Get our latest conservation news and see how we’re protecting our natural world.
Email address:
SIGN UP
Our Goals for 2030

We’re racing to hit these targets to help the world reverse climate change and biodiversity loss. Together, we find the paths to make change possible.

VIEW OUR PRIORITIES
3B

Avoid or sequester 3 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually—the same as taking 650 million cars off the road every year.

100M

Help 100 million people at severe risk of climate-related emergencies by safeguarding habitats that protect communities.

650M

Conserve 650 million hectares—a land area twice the size of India—of biodiverse habitats such as forests, grasslands and desert.

4B

Conserve 4 billion hectares of marine habitat—more than 10% of the world’s oceans—through protected areas, sustainable fishing and more.

1M+30M

Conserve 1 million kilometers of rivers—enough to stretch 25 times around the globe—plus 30 million hectares of lakes and wetlands.

45M

Support the leadership of 45 million people from Indigenous and local communities in stewarding their environment and securing rights.

What’s New in Nature

Recent updates, immersive stories and informative educational articles from around The Nature Conservancy.

An Ocean of Opportunity

Requiring few inputs and low startup costs, the seaweed industry is supporting sustainable livelihoods in coastal Kenya.

READ ABOUT SEAWEED HARVESTING
Landmark Acquisition in TN

TNC is proud to announce the acquisition of the Hatchie Bottom property, a 7,418-acre expanse of ecologically rich bottomland hardwood forest.

READ ABOUT THE ACQUISITION

NATURE CONSERVANCY MAGAZINE

Mongolia’s New Horizon

Faced with a changing climate and challenges to its citizens’ livelihoods, Mongolia has committed to conservation.

READ THE ARTICLE MORE MAGAZINE STORIES
Winter Wonderland
Real vs. Fake—Which Christmas Tree Is Better for the Environment?

Want a more sustainable holiday? Looking for an eco-friendly Christmas tree? Here’s why buying a real Christmas tree this year can help the planet.

Winter Animal Adaptations

Animals have various strategies for survival in winter—hibernation, migration or toughing it out. But climate change could be threatening those carefully honed systems.

BY CHRISTINE PETERSON

The Beauty of Winter

Images from our photo contest showcase the unique beauty of nature in the winter, where long shadows, delicate ice and blankets of snow transform the landscape.

Snow Birds: 10 Birds to Look for in Winter

Attention new birders: I have news for you. Winter is not the off-season.

BY JUSTINE E. HAUSHEER

Nature Needs You

There are so many ways you can get involved and do your part to support a world where people and nature thrive together.

Volunteer
Visit a Preserve
Take an Action
Donate to Our Mission
Discover Conservation Near You

Explore what The Nature Conservancy is doing in your community and support local conservation.

Region
Select Region
Africa
Asia Pacific
Canada
Caribbean
Europe
India
Latin America
United States
State or province
Select State or Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawai’i
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland and D.C.
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
VISIT MY AREA
Site Footer
Explore
Our Mission
Our Accountability
Newsroom
Magazine
Find Events
Volunteer
Connect
Contact Us
Careers
FAQ
Ethics Helpline
Give
Donate Now
Membership
Gift & Estate Planning
Sign Up for E-News
Email:
SIGN UP
Get text updates from The Nature Conservancy:
SIGN UP

 See Mobile Terms & Conditions

SOCIAL
GLOBAL SITES
Australia
Brazil
Canada
China
India
Mexico
Hong Kong (China): English 中文
Indonesia: English Bahasa
Mongolia: English Монгол хэл

The Nature Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 53-0242652) under Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Global sites represent either regional branches of The Nature Conservancy or local affiliates of The Nature Conservancy that are separate entities. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Cookies Settings

© 2025 The Nature Conservancy Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Charitable Solicitation Disclosures | Mobile Terms & Conditions | Notice of Nondiscrimination | Limited English Proficiency (LEP) Procedure

×
Limited-Time Match

Give today and every $1 = $2 for nature.

MATCH MY GIFT
Your cookie preferences
We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, customize your experience, and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking "Accept All Cookies" you agree to the storing of performance, functional, and targeting cookies on your device as further detailed in “Cookie Settings”. Individual cookie choices can be selected by clicking “Cookie Settings” and accepted by clicking on “Confirm My Choices”. If you do not agree to the storing of any cookies that are not strictly necessary for the functioning of the site on your device, click on “Reject All Cookies”. For more information, review our Privacy Statement.View our Privacy Statement.
COOKIES SETTINGS REJECT ALL COOKIES ACCEPT ALL COOKIES