NAU in Flagstaff, AZ
Arizona's mountain town with real winter wonder
Surprised by the snow? Most people are! With 100+ inches a year and big-mountain scenery, Flagstaff gives you four-season living, incredible outdoor access, and a campus experience unlike anywhere else in the state.
Plan a visit
NAU at a glance
←
→

97%
of NAU students receive some sort of scholarship or financial aid

800
research projects funded each year

73%
of graduates are employed or in graduate school within 6 months

39%
of undergrads are first-generation college students

Over
500
companies recruit directly from NAU each year

Explore degrees and programs
Undergraduate degrees
Graduate degrees
Online degrees
Certificate programs
Why students choose NAU

At Northern Arizona University, you’ll find more than a campus, you’ll find community, purpose, and opportunity. With career-driven programs, real-world experience, and a stunning Flagstaff location, NAU offers a college journey that’s as affordable as it is unforgettable. Here, every student matters, and every path is possible.

Discover why NAU stands out

News
←
→
NAU team releases 13 years of detailed U.S. CO2 emissions data  

New research from Northern Arizona University shows detailed CO2 emissions for the United States from 2010 to 2022. In the first of a series of data releases, professor Kevin Gurney of NAU’s School of Informatics, Computing, and Cyber Systems (SICCS) authored a study, published today in Scientific Data, that includes a database of 13 years of carbon dioxide emissions in the United States. Future releases will include neighborhood- and city-specific emissions, road segment vehicular emissions and industrial facility emissions. “The U.S. taxpayers have a…

Learn the surprising culprit limiting the abundance of Earth’s largest land animals 

Humans live in a world abundant in salt, but this everyday seasoning is a luxury for wild herbivores, and it’s far from clear how these animals get enough. A new study published today in Nature Ecology and Evolution and authored by Northern Arizona University researchers and collaborators found the density and distribution of Earth’s largest…

Graduate Linda Begaye: ‘Just stepping on campus was the best decision I ever made’ 

Stepping onto the graduation stage on Friday is the next step of Linda Begaye’s journey as a Lumberjack. Next, but not last. The early childhood education major, a transfer student from Many Farms on the Navajo Nation, has always wanted to go to NAU. But when her high school friends were making college plans, life…

Studying the past, shaping the future: Reanna Yazzie, a Navajo anthropologist in the making.

When Reanna Yazzie walks onto the NAU campus each day, she doesn’t just carry a backpack filled with notes and books. She also carries the stories of her people, the hopes of her young son and the determination of someone who has returned to school to make a difference. As a Navajo student pursuing a…

NAU honors Class of 2025 in two commencement ceremonies

More than 2,600 students have applied to graduate in NAU’s Fall 2025 commencement, which will take place in two ceremonies on Dec. 12. The ceremonies are held in the J. Lawrence Walkup Skydome (Bldg. 73), which will open 90 minutes before each ceremony. The clear bag policy will be in effect; all attendees, including guests, should familiarize themselves with the policy ahead…

Giving Tuesday, by the numbers

This Giving Tuesday, our community of Lumberjacks proved they have hearts of blue and gold! Jacks on and off campus gave back, raising more than $137,000 to address the most urgent student needs and create meaningful change. Their December Axe of Kindness will fuel important environmental research, provide emergency assistance to students in need…

Read more on news.nau.edu
Your education made affordable

Cost shouldn’t be a barrier to opportunity. That’s why we offer competitive tuition, generous scholarships, and Arizona resident tuition for qualified nonresidents. NAU students graduate with less debt than the national average.

Learn about what financial aid and scholarships are available to you.

Tuition help starts here
Expand your future

Higher education is within reach and worth the investment. NAU empowers students from all backgrounds to reach their true potential. With an academic experience focused on career readiness and NAU’s supportive community, get ready to turn your interests into lifelong impact.

Explore your interests and uncover paths that match your goals and passions.

Discover your career path
Find your people. Find your path.

College is more than learning in the classroom, it’s discovering new prospectives, building lifelong connections, and exploring your interests. With 400+ student clubs, 150+ trails in every direction, and 10,000+ students living on campus, you will experience endless opportunities to get involved.

Discover what’s possible at NAU.

Life beyond the classroom
Discover what's possible
 at NAU!
Find your campus
Find your program
Speak with an advisor
Estimate cost
Apply
Learn wherever you are

At NAU, you can learn your way. Whether that’s in the cool mountain air of Flagstaff, online from anywhere, or at one of our many Arizona campuses, we have courses that fit your schedule and lifestyle.

Explore campuses
Get in touch
Admissions
Financial Aid
University Advising
Campus Living
Contact Admissions
 admissions@nau.edu
 928-523-5511