World class IT solutions fully adapted to the Russian market — NAUMEN +7 (495) 145 90 45 RU Projects Solutions Clients Reviews About us Contacts +7 (495) 145 90 45 RU World class IT solutions fully adapted to the Russian market Contact us Why NAUMEN? In opinion of our clients We have been developing special software for contact centers, IT and other business departments for 19 years We have confirmed experience with international companies. In our portfolio there are successful projects with Jaguar Land Rover, Volkswagen Group, EFES, Amadeus, OTP Bank, Aviva, FleetCor, Brisco and others NAUMEN is an independent software vendor. We can quickly refine our solutions, if necessary Our projects are implemented in compliance with PMI/IPMA international project management practices We share a common language with market and can quickly respond to its needs Our consultants speak fluent English We acquired good experience with European and Asian markets and have a representative office in Germany We are adapted to the Russian legislation and specific features of the Russian market All our prices are specified in rubles Projects with international companies Jaguar Land Rover Naumen Contact Center Volkswagen Group Naumen Service Desk EFES Naumen Data Aggregation Platform Amadeus Naumen Contact Center OTP Bank Naumen Service Desk OTP Bank Naumen Contact Center Aviva Naumen Service Desk Moldtelecom Naumen Contact Center FleetCor Naumen Contact Center AVON Naumen WFM Solutions Manage IT services, processes and assets Naumen Service Desk Management of IT processes using big data and machine  learning technologies Naumen IT Asset Management (ITAM) Management of IT assets from planning to disposal Naumen Network Manager Monitoring and management of networks, forecasting and prediction of failures Naumen Business Service Monitoring Intelligent monitoring of IT and business services Manage Non-IT business processes Naumen Enterprise Service Management (ESM) Launching Shared Services Centers (SSC) and applying service management principles to all business departments Naumen Business Process Management Digital management of business processes, modelling and automation Naumen Customer Engagement Center Management of request flows Manage Contact Centers Naumen Contact Center All-in-one communication platform for a massive remote customer service  through all channels Naumen WFM Full-scale solution to manage workload Naumen Erudite AI platform to implement voice and text bots into the customer service Intelligent Solutions Naumen Legal Tech Intelligent document processing using data analysis tools Naumen Enterprise Search AI-based search and big data processing system Project experience with international companies References Customer Story Our clients value their precious time. We sought an up-to-date highest-technology solution for delivering the best service to them. When we compared capabilities of the leading automation platforms of call centers, we understood under otherwise equal conditions Naumen Contact Center was a value-added product featuring benefits vs. non-Russian products in respect to costs, though the solution has been globally recognized. Besides, we tested and were assured this platform would perfectly suit our works in a virtual environment. Yekaterina Zarubina Jaguar Land Rover, Client Liaison Unit Manager Customer Story We did a thorough research on proposals which were sent to us from various vendors and compared their software products. But we did not find anything as good as the Naumen Phone solution offered by NAUMEN. We did our bid not only in terms of 'price/function' but in terms of reliability and high quality. It is a common thing happening that you choose a solution which leads to poor works of your call-center . An added value of the NAUMEN solution was availability of the developer to tailor its product to our needs. Andrei Zakharov Chief, Technical Support Unit, Amadeus Information Technologies Customer Story A successful finalization of the service-based techniques and full-scale automation of processes (except for immediate application specific benefits) provided us with an opportunity not only to take essential decisions (e.g. improvement of IT unit head count) but also to become a basis for implementation of key process management concerning financial management, asset management, and accessibility matters) in the very near future. With the project implemented on the basis of the Naumen Service Desk solution, we were able to build up a centralized customer support system and ensure provision of the services at the level which is consistent with our business goals. The most appropriate definition for the resultant system of IT Management, in my opinion is a population of IT process management, it is the activities that are inter-related and effectively interfaced. Aleksandr Gutyanko OTP Bank, Director of IT Service Desk Department Customer Story On the market, there are loads of IT systems but the NAUMEN system is distinguished among them thanks to its functionality, flexibility, and adaptability to support various processes beyond the simple incident management techniques. Dmitri Semyonov IT Director, JSC Aviva Insurance Company (ZAO) Customer Story Our project’s specific requirement was an integration with SAP ERP 
systems to synchronize data on personnel with their further alignment with accounts in the distributed 
domain structure. Besides, Service Desk should have ensured a transparent authorization of users and be capable 
of a safe internet access. Naumen Service Desk satisfied all our requirements at a minimum cost of ownership 
and support, which could not be provided by business competitors. When implementing the system, NAUMEN specialists helped 
us at all project stages, consulted and solved our problems, which we had in the course of the project. Vladimir Demkin Efes Group, IT Service Team Leader Customer Story VOLKSWAGEN Group Rus is focused on delivering higher automation of our processes in line with the Industrie 4.0. concept. With implementation of the versatile and scalable solution offered by Naumen Service Desk we managed to implement our service techniques not only in IT but also in business process management for handling incoming requests from dealers and end-customers of the Group. Using this new tool we optimized support for both company staff and 350+ dealers of the Russian unit. Aleksandr Beschetnikov VOLKSWAGEN Group Rus, IT Manager Customer Story Avon is committed to digitalization and uses new technologies to improve business performance. Before Naumen WFM implementation, we mainly scheduled work of our agents manually using spreadsheets. Now, we can more efficiently and accurately build our contact center business processes and manage data on incoming calls. Marina Svettsova Senior Customer Service Manager, Avon Russia About Us NAUMEN Group is a Russian software vendor and cloud service provider, a technology partner for digital transformation of companies and public authorities. NAUMEN offers software solutions for management of digital infrastructures, customer communications and a variety of services. Naumen portfolio includes a wide range of software solutions to manage innovations, R&D, procurements, decision support and knowledge transfer. They allow to implement end-to-end business processes on the basis of artificial intelligence, predictive analytics and big data processing. Developed by Naumen virtual employees and assistants execute millions of tasks on a daily basis. Today NAUMEN solutions are available to clients in five countries, which host NAUMEN’s offices and offices of NAUMEN’s exclusive partners. Over 200 million users from Russia as well as European and Asian countries deal with NAUMEN solutions in their daily life. On the market since 2001 Possesses 4 engineering offices and 1 project management office Participates in the National Champions Program of Russia’s Ministry of Economic Development Included into Top Ten Software Developers by number of installations in Russia Contact us Contacts Floor 5, bldg 3, 35B Vorontsovskaya St, Time Center Business Center, Moscow  109147 (Krestyanskaya Zastava, Proletarskaya metro stations) Phone/fax: +7 (495) 145-90-45 E-mail : sales@naumen.ru Welcome on board to the digital future Sales department/General issues: Moscow: +7 (495) 145-90-45 Ekaterinburg: +7 (343) 378-42-87 sales@naumen.ru Technical support: support@naumen.ru © 2025 NAUMEN Personal data processing policy Solutions Naumen Service Desk Naumen IT Asset Management Naumen Network Manager Naumen BSM Naumen Contact Center Naumen WFM Naumen Erudite Naumen BPM Naumen ESM Naumen Customer Engagement Center Naumen Legal Tech Naumen Intelligent Search Projects Jaguar Land Rover Volkswagen Group Efes Amadeus OTP Bank (NSD) OTP Bank (NCC) Aviva Moldtelecom Fleetcor