Nav: A Recommended Solution for Building Business Credit - Nav Products Marketplace Who we serve Resources Nav Prime Support Sign up Log in Business credit, made better Monitor and build business credit with all three major bureaus so you can unlock your brightest business days. You can check your credit standing for free. Get started Meet Nav You didn’t start your business because you love business credit But that’s why we started ours. Nav isn’t just a powerful suite of financial tools — we’re part of your team. Credit health Track your business and personal credit scores in one place arrow_forward Financing Get matched to funding options that can help you expand arrow_forward Cash Flow Know what your financial health looks like anytime, anywhere arrow_forward credit health Track your business and personal credit side by side See the factors that impact your credit the most and take control with real-time alerts. Get your general credit standing for free, or unlock exact scores and detailed reports with Nav Prime. Nav Technologies, Inc is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank, Member FDIC. The Nav Prime charge card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa cards are accepted. See Cardholder Terms for additional details. All other features of the Nav Prime membership are not associated with Thread Bank. financial health The credit and financial health platform built for small business owners Understand where your business stands today, what your options are, and how to move forward. Monitor credit score progress Watch your business and personal credit health side by side. Access credit for your business Get matched to a loan, credit card, or line of credit that fits you and your needs. Track your cash flow Understand your full financial health snapshot so you can be ready for anything. Get essential business tools Scale with financing calculators, business checking, insurance, tax prep, and more. join nav prime The simpler way to build business credit Break plateaus, not the bank. Monitor and build your scores, get 1-on-1 guidance, and simplify your path to funding opportunities — for an incredible price. Pay monthly Pay quarterly save 20% Track $39.99 / mo For new business owners looking to monitor credit, or established ones who want to protect it Track with Prime check 5 credit scores, alerts, and reports from D&B, Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion check One tradeline to build business credit (membership payment) Build Popular $49.99 / mo For growing business owners looking to build business credit¹ with up to two tradelines Build with Prime check 5 credit scores, alerts, and reports from D&B, Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion check One tradeline to build business credit (membership payment) check Second tradeline to build business credit history (Nav Prime Card)² check Bookkeeping tools to manage cash flow and simplify taxes Expand $74.99 / mo For business owners seeking one-on-one guidance from an expert to reach their next level Expand with Prime check 5 credit scores, alerts, and reports from D&B, Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion check One tradeline to build business credit (membership payment) check Second tradeline to build business credit history (Nav Prime Card)² check Bookkeeping tools to manage cash flow and simplify taxes check Dedicated business credit coach check FICO SBSS score to track eligibility with 7,500+ lenders — and the SBA Nav Technologies, Inc is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank, Member FDIC. The Nav Prime charge card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa cards are accepted. See Cardholder Terms for additional details. All other features of the Nav Prime membership are not associated with Thread Bank. With regard to credit history building features: results will vary, some users may not see improved scores – improvement not guaranteed. Scores are calculated from many variables. The Nav Prime Charge Card is a business financing product and may not be used for personal, family or household transactions. by the numbers Nav helps your business reach new heights We’ve helped small businesses all over the U.S. take their business from idea to reality. Sign up for free 2.7M+ small businesses have trusted Nav with improving their financial health 26 avg. point increase 3 across business credit bureaus after 3 months as a Nav Prime member 90% of small business owners who use Nav have been in business for up to 13 years $76M+ in financing provided to small business owners through Nav’s partners in 2025 join nav prime The simpler way to build business credit Get the roadmap your business has been looking for. Up to 2 tradelines is just the start. Activate Prime The reviews are in Meet the small business owners who are redefining their business journey with Nav. Read customer stories “Their credit reports are extremely helpful, very clear, and informative, and they are all offered at a fraction of the cost that it would be if a business purchased individual business memberships from each credit bureau. And on top of it, they consistently report a credit line to the business credit bureaus once a month.” Sergio C. ENERGY COMPANY “Nav is the guide indisputably in aiding and ​guiding businesses to WIN.​ When 10 banks turned my brand down for credit or loans, Nav came through with a solution.” Jonathan C. 420XAA BY JCOLE “After being denied for funding, I downloaded Nav and found things on my business credit report that I didn’t even know existed. This app is far more in depth than any of its competitors... Nav shows you what the lenders are actually seeing. I’d give it 10 stars if I could.” Tyler J. PACKAGING COMPANY “I’m new to the whole business scene, so it helps to have an app that has so much all in one! Nav Prime is definitely a must-have for your new business.​” Edward Y. BGG LOGISTICS Made on Main Street: Where to shop this holiday season Discover gift ideas and inspiring stories from small businesses that help shape their communities. Explore collection About About Nav Newsroom Media Inquiries Contact Us Help Center Resources Product Cash Flow Credit Health Nav Prime Nav Prime Card Nav Business Checking Mobile App Work with us Careers Partnerships Privacy Policy Terms of Use Do Not Share My Information © 2025 Nav Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. California loans arranged pursuant to Department of Financial Protection & Innovation Lenders License 60DBO-98588 Nav Technologies, Inc is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank, Member FDIC. The Nav Prime charge card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa cards are accepted. See Cardholder Terms for additional details. All other features of the Nav Prime membership are not associated with Thread Bank. With regard to credit history building features: results will vary, some users may not see improved scores – improvement not guaranteed. Scores are calculated from many variables. The Nav Prime Charge Card is a business financing product and may not be used for personal, family or household transactions. 1 Results will vary. Scores are calculated from many variables; some users may not see improved scores. 2 There are no requirements to get Nav Prime. Second business tradeline when approved for the Nav Prime Card. To get the Nav Prime Card, you are required to be an active Nav Prime member, have an approved banking application, and have a successfully linked bank account to use as repayment for your Nav Prime Card. The Nav Prime Card is currently not available in ND, SD, and NV. 3 Based on aggregate data tracking positive business credit score changes across Equifax, Experian, and Dun & Bradstreet among Nav Prime subscribers observed after three months. This reflects an average score increase; individual results will vary. Each business credit bureau uses different scoring models and considers many factors, so some users may not see improved scores.