We use cookies to provide website functionality, to analyze our traffic and usage of the website, to remember your settings and privacy choices, help improve the user experience, and to support our marketing and sales efforts.
Please read our Privacy Statement for more information.

Cookie Preferences
Accept Cookies Decline
Skip to content.

[Live Webinar] Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk

Secondary navigation

Search
NAVEX for Small Business
Blog
Careers
Customer Support
1-866-297-0224
English (US)
Products
Products
Solutions
Solutions
Services & Support
Services & Support
Resources
Resources
Why NAVEX?
Why NAVEX?
Contact us 
Get Pricing
Get Your Demo

✅ Get compliant – without the complications. Book a NAVEX demo.

Risk and compliance solutions driven by connected intelligence

NAVEX helps 13,000 organizations worldwide confidently manage risk and compliance by connecting our software solutions with your data. How can we help you?

Get your demo
Explore the NAVEX One GRC platform
Trusted by 13,000+ customers worldwide
We take care of compliance so you can take care of business

To always be ready for change, you need oversight of your business intelligence. NAVEX One helps you connect people, processes, data and technology for improved visibility, adaptability and problem-solving capabilities – giving you better insight and control.  

Learn more about our AI-powered risk and compliance solutions.

NAVEX One

Where governance, risk and compliance programs find their solutions.

Learn more

Whistleblowing & Incident Management

Make speaking up and transparency a natural part of your risk and compliance routine.

Learn more

Ethics & Compliance Training

Educate and engage your people with online training that speaks in their language, to their experiences.

Learn more

Policy & Procedure Management

Turn your code of conduct and policies into tools for real conversations.

Learn more

Risk & Governance

Keep managing risks and understanding regulations as on ongoing focus, not just when issues arise.

Learn more

Services & Support

Make the most of your investment with compliance consulting services and award-winning customer support.

Learn more

The latest trends in governance, risk and compliance

Scroll through here for fresh thinking, handy resources and timely updates to make your job easier – and your impact bigger.

Top 10 Compliance Trends: Preparing for 2026’s New Rules of Risk

This NAVEX webinar covers AI regulation, enforcement updates, and emerging global standards shaping the next era of ethics and risk management.

Register today

AI-Powered Risk and Compliance

NAVEX One delivers transformational AI-powered risk and compliance automation with tools for editing, analysis, due diligence and more – for better team efficiency while using AI responsibly.

Learn more about our AI

Fall into Compliance: The Leadership Exchange

Compliance in a growing business takes both strategy and scrappy problem-solving. Master both with peer-driven tactics, AI best practices, and expert roadmaps

View on demand

A Consortium Led by Goldman Sachs Alternatives, Including Blackstone, Completes Majority Stake Acquisition of NAVEX...

Read more

Sex Scandals. Accounting Fraud. It’s All Showing Up on the Corporate Hotline.

A tip left on such a hotline led to the ouster of the Nestlé CEO. For affairs or minor office annoyances, operators are standing by.

Read more from WSJ

Modern GRC Leadership: How High-Performing Compliance Programs Earn Executive Trust

Take your seat at the executive table. Learn how today’s leading GRC teams are shaping strategy, building board confidence, and driving real enterprise impact in this on-demand webinar.

Watch it now

The 2025 State of Risk & Compliance Report

Get a data-driven look into the evolving landscape of risk and compliance. This report is based on surveys from nearly 1,000 professionals globally, expertly curated to help you improve your program.

Learn more

U.S. Executive Orders and Ethical Cultures: How to Manage Compliance Risks with Confidence

Navigate shifting U.S. regulations and strengthen your compliance program with clarity, confidence and integrity. Watch this popular webinar for expert insights and strategies.

View on-demand

Beyond the Noise: Elevating Whistleblower Trust & Accountability with NAVEX Solutions

In recognition of World Whistleblower Day, explore how evolving trends, shifting expectations and smarter technology are shaping the future of whistleblowing and incident management.

Watch the deminar

What is GRC – and why is it so important?

GRC is the strategic compass that aligns your business objectives with sustainability and integrity, and protects your reputation, employees and future.

Read more

Essential regional whistleblowing data

Get instant online access to select regional highlights from our 2025 whistleblowing benchmark data!

Read the report

Whistleblowing in 2025: See the latest data today

Rate your whistleblowing program against your peers using reporting data and insights from the world’s largest whistleblowing dataset.

See the stats

What can NAVEX risk and compliance solutions do for you?

Every organization in the world has compliance obligations, including yours. The universal aim is managing and meeting them as painlessly as possible. But how do you achieve that?  

Only by knowing exactly which business risks to handle first – and where to find them. 

NAVEX AI-powered risk and compliance software solutions work by connecting all your data – across people, technology and processes – so you get: 

Full risk oversight across your business 
Easy-to-locate insights into how to manage these risks 
Clear guidance on the specific risks you need to prioritize for compliance
Take a tour
Our customers tell our story

Far and wide, we’re known for our dedication to governance, risk and compliance. Find out why 13,000+ customers trust NAVEX.

Why NAVEX?
73m
people and employees supported worldwide
75%
of the Fortune 100 and 500
82%
of Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies
Why the NAVEX One GRC platform?

Who wouldn’t want complex work to be easier to manage? With NAVEX One AI-powered risk and compliance platform, you’ll enjoy:    

Hours saved – Spend more time strategizing and less time on manual tasks and troubleshooting  
Convenience – Get everything you need to manage risk and compliance, without the multi-tool clutter   
Better experiences – You’ll know every touchpoint with your employees and third-parties reflects your values  
Risk visibility – No more uncertainty with instant insights into risk status and activity   
Deeper insights – Make better business decisions by connecting intelligence across your business
See how it works
Real stories, real impact

Over 13,000 companies worldwide trust NAVEX to protect their reputation, people and assets. But don’t just take our word for it – see what our users have to say. 

Read their stories

Our ‘product’ is people – the people that care for patients…We’re really committed to using technology so they’re not bogged down with unnecessary tasks and can focus on the patient.

St. Croix Hospice

Kimberly Olson
Chief Compliance Officer

See their story

With NAVEX, our journey towards a holistic compliance strategy has empowered us to modernize our governance and prepare for the future with confidence.

Castolin Eutectic

Berthold G. Jansen
Global Chief People & Compliance Officer

See their story

The tremendous value in having everything in one place is transparency. There’s no scavenger hunt and NAVEX provides a one-stop shop where everything is there and easy to access.

CADCA

General Barrye Price
President and CEO

See their story

[Our organization] is such a geographically and multiculturally dispersed organization, and this system helps to instill some common values and common expectations about ethics and integrity across all of those contexts.

DAI

Mike Walsh
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (Retired)

See their story

NAVEX provides a single point of truth for all our compliance needs with the ability to scale as we grow. They are great partners with the right expertise and solutions to advance our compliance program.

CDL Nuclear Technologies

Heather Hurst
CQE, CCEP, CHC, Chief Compliance Officer

See their story

Get the NAVEX advantage: Browse our resource library

We don’t just create groundbreaking risk and compliance solutions – we share our knowledge and know-how, too. 

Explore our library of risk and compliance resources for the latest insights, pro tips and best practices honed from 40+ years of compliance expertise.

Visit our resource center
Do the right things right – take the next steps in your risk and compliance journey today
Get a NAVEX One demo
Contact
Subscribe for GRC insights
Explore
Language & Region
English (US)
English (UK)
Deutsch
Italiano
Français
Español
日本
Svenska
Suomi
English (India)
About NAVEX
Company
Leadership Team
Careers
Events
Newsroom
Transparency in Coverage
Popular Links
Resource Center
Ethics & Compliance Training Courses
Employee Compliance Solutions
Third-party Risk Management Products
Risk & Compliance Automation Software
GRC Data Intelligence Products
NAVEX Community
NAVEX One
Cookie Preferences
Cookie Statement
Do not sell or share my personal information
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Sitemap

© 2012-2025 NAVEX Global, Inc. All Rights Reserved