Telematics, GPS Tracking & Fleet Management Platform | Navixy Platform Solutions Resources Pricing Toggle menu Login Get started Unlock telematics. Your way. Empowering developers and enterprises to rapidly build, customize, and scale GPS and telematics applications Get started Build innovative GPS and telematics solutions Navixy simplifies the creation and scaling of high-performance GPS and telematics applications, equipping integrators and developers with powerful solutions and tools to tackle unique business challenges. Location tracking Vehicle telemetry Workforce management Data solutions Location tracking Enhance visibility with real-time location tracking and advanced mapping tools, including POIs, geofences, and custom map layers. Monitor vehicles, staff, and cargo with remote control capabilities for security and efficiency. Learn more Meet the companies who build with Navixy Together with our global network of integrators and developers, we have successfully delivered thousands of projects from startups to enterprises, solving industry-specific challenges. Anthony , CEO and Co-founder " Navixy gives us flexibility and robustness to provide a complete all-in-one solution to any business, regardless of their sphere and location. " Bodo Erken , CEO " We have been offering Navixy as a solution to our customers for over 5 years. The associated advantages such as user-friendliness, stability and fast service response are the guarantee of our success. " Danny , Chief Technical Officer " Our overall experience with Navixy has been great. The features and the support helped our company expand in many ways, and we look forward to working with them for years to come. " Telematics platform to innovate and scale globally Navixy makes building, deploying, and scaling GPS and telematics applications easy and flexible. With 20+ years of expertise, we ensure reliable performance and ongoing innovation. Get started 800K+ online assets 10K+ completed projects 130+ customer countries 99.9% historical uptime High-performance tracking Navixy combines modern technologies with an intuitive design, supporting real-time tracking of up to 25,000 assets in a single account. No-code customization Navixy telematics PaaS enables businesses to personalize UI, integrate third-party apps, and customize telematics data processing. Engineering support Navixy delivers top-tier technical and solution engineering support with a 98% satisfaction rate, enabling businesses to optimize operations. Data orchestration Navixy offers advanced tools and solutions for seamless ingestion, decoding, transformation, and visualization of telematics and GPS data. API-centric architecture Navixy provides powerful and easy-to-use APIs to streamline development and save engineering time for building scalable telematics solutions. Telematics superapp Navixy's iOS and Android apps empower field teams with real-time workforce management, ensuring seamless operations on the go. Explore Navixy Learn more about Navixy on our YouTube channel. From step-by-step guides and feature highlights to industry insights, our videos help you discover the full potential of the Navixy telematics platform. Watch more Expand Navixy with Marketplace solutions Discover, test, and deploy custom built GPS and telematics apps from the developer community, along with ready-made solutions from specialized partners and Navixy. Visit Marketplace Access rights Manage user permissions and access controls Web locator Web-based location tracking interface Infobip SMS Gateway Integrated SMS notifications and alerts CargoOnline Cargo and logistics management solution Mobile forms Create and manage mobile data collection forms Route optimization Make your field service more effective with Route optimization Altotrack Stream data from GPS tracking devices to any external server POI visits Improve efficiency by keeping tabs on each client visit Temperature & humidity Ensure the safety of your goods during transport Access rights Manage user permissions and access controls Web locator Web-based location tracking interface Infobip SMS Gateway Integrated SMS notifications and alerts CargoOnline Cargo and logistics management solution Mobile forms Create and manage mobile data collection forms Route optimization Make your field service more effective with Route optimization Altotrack Stream data from GPS tracking devices to any external server POI visits Improve efficiency by keeping tabs on each client visit Temperature & humidity Ensure the safety of your goods during transport Garmin (Chat) Organize an effective communication system Granit3 Stream data from GPS tracking devices to any platform Street view Enjoy 360° panoramic views around GPS tracker locations Recurring tasks Optimize your Field service management with Recurring tasks Task management Manage your tasks with ease, instantly dispatch and schedule jobs Custom fields Replicate CRM functionality with custom fields module Container security Ensure safety of cargo during transportation Chat Enable real-time communication between dispatchers and drivers Activity log Track and monitor all user activities and system events Garmin (Chat) Organize an effective communication system Granit3 Stream data from GPS tracking devices to any platform Street view Enjoy 360° panoramic views around GPS tracker locations Recurring tasks Optimize your Field service management with Recurring tasks Task management Manage your tasks with ease, instantly dispatch and schedule jobs Custom fields Replicate CRM functionality with custom fields module Container security Ensure safety of cargo during transportation Chat Enable real-time communication between dispatchers and drivers Activity log Track and monitor all user activities and system events Stay ahead with the latest news and trends Keep up with the latest Navixy updates and telematics news. Gain insights into emerging technologies, industry innovations, and best practices. Explore blog Footer Platform Location Intelligence IoT Logic IoT Query GPS & IoT devices Dashcams & MDVR Developer hub Marketplace Pricing Solutions Fleet management Field service Asset GPS tracking Resources Blog Support center Find a partner API & Docs Marketing collateral Roadmap Platform status Company Mission Careers Contacts Learn more GPS tracking software White label What is telematics Legal Data residency Security Support regulations Data processing agreement Platform Solutions Resources Company Learn more Legal © 2005–2025 Navixy by SquareGPS Inc. GPS tracking and telematics platform. All rights reserved. Privacy policy | Terms of service | Legal center | Cookie settings