Navigate360, the Leading Provider of Safety, Well-Being Solutions Client Sign-In & Support 330.661.0106 Order Supplies Get A Demo Search for: Solutions SCHOOLS Character & Culture Character Education Compass Curriculum for Students, Staff, & Families Behavior Intervention Behavior Referral System Mental Health & Prevention PBIS Rewards Professional Development Resiliency Detection & Prevention Anonymous Reporting System Behavioral Case Manager CSTAG Training Digital Threat Detection NTAC Training Program Development & Operation Suicide Awareness & Prevention Training Preparation & Response ALICE Active Shooter Response Training Emergency Management NEW! HallPass360 Panic Button Preparation & Response Training for Schools Risk Assessment Security Audit Site Mapping Visitor Management WORKPLACES P3 Community: Anonymous Tip Reporting ALICE Active Shooter Response Training for Workplaces Preparation & Response Training for Workplaces Risk Assessment Security Audit HEALTHCARE ALICE Active Shooter Response Training for Workplaces Preparation & Response Training for Workplaces Risk Assessment Security Audit PUBLIC SAFETY AGENCIES P3 Community: Anonymous Tip Reporting ALICE Active Shooter Response Training for Workplaces Preparation & Response Training for Workplaces Risk Assessment Security Audit Bundles Behavior360 Protect360 Campus360 Training ALICE Active Shooter Response Training ALICE Certification Training CSTAG Training eLearning Course Library NTAC Training Preparation & Response Training for Workplaces Preparation & Response Training for Schools Professional Development Suicide Awareness & Prevention Training Resources Resources School Safety Legislation & Funding Blog Events Calendar Alyssa’s Law On-Demand Webinars Compass Curriculum Resource Hub View All Resources FEATURED RESOURCES Michigan’s Mission: Unlock 2025 Section 31aa Funding Solution Bundles Navigate360 Ambassador Program Navigate360’s Optimized Response Assistance (N.O.R.A.) School Safety Grants to Keep Your Campus Safe The Ultimate Guide to Zero Incidents Why Navigate360 About Us Careers Leadership Thought Leadership Press & Media Information Contact Us Client Sign-In & Support 330.661.0106 Order Supplies Popular Character & Culture Detection & Prevention Preparation & Response Schools Healthcare Resources Select Page Search Get A Demo Current Raptor Technologies® Customers: SAVE UP TO 50% by switching to Navigate360 K-12 SAFETY AND WELL-BEING SOLUTIONS Set a course for zero incidents. Navigate360 provides easy-to-use technology, comprehensive training, and expert guidance to help you build your safe school now. Get Started A future with zero incidents takes a layered, holistic approach. With Navigate360, set a foundation for learning and well-being, proactively address concerning behaviors, and maximize your community’s readiness to act without the complexities of handling multiple vendors. Character & Culture A sense of well-being. Build and nurture a positive culture school-wide, and turn troubling behavior and necessary discipline into lasting learning. Discover a full suite of Character & Culture solutions Detection & Prevention A helping hand. Implement the protocols and procedures that prevent harm, stop bullying, and address emerging threats and violence. Discover a full suite of Detection & Prevention solutions Detection & Prevention A helping hand. Implement the protocols and procedures that prevent harm, stop bullying, and address emerging threats and violence. Discover a full suite of Detection & Prevention solutions Preparation & Response A readiness to act. Create proven programs to prepare for, respond to, and recover from incidents and emergencies. Discover a full suite of Preparation & Response solutions "Of all the school safety technology out there, Navigate360's products are among the best of the best. From the way they prepare us for emergency situations to the assurance they deliver in relation to crisis response, they are simply invaluable." Edward Vittardi Principal, St. Albert the Great School 5.0 Build Effective Safety & Well-Being Programs with Navigate360 Bundles With Navigate360 as your one-stop shop, you streamline operations, reduce costs, and enhance efficiency by eliminating the complexities of managing multiple vendors, systems, and support teams. Benefit from integrated solutions that simplify curriculum delivery, assessment management, and student engagement, all from a single trusted partner. EXPLORE BUNDLE OPTIONS Navigate360 leads across the nation. Navigate360 offers a complete suite of integrated school safety solutions and on-going support tailored to meet the specific needs of individuals, institutions, and communities. public safety agencies use Navigate360 safety training schools trust Navigate360 solutions to improve safety individuals are prepared with Navigate360 threat response options LEGISLATION, MANDATES & FUNDING State by state Get the facts about school safety mandates and funding in your state—and how Navigate360 can guide you to compliance. LEARN MORE Who We Serve A safe and secure environment gives all of us the freedom to thrive, personally and professionally. Learn how what we do will work for you. Schools Workplaces Healthcare Safety agencies Stay up-to-date on the latest in modern safety trends. Safety Solutions Character & Culture Detection & Prevention Preparation & Response Who We Serve Schools Workplaces Healthcare Public Safety Agencies Company About Us Careers Get a Demo Get Support Resources Safety Resources Blog School Safety Grants © 2026 Navigate360 Privacy Accessibility Sign In × Just Launched: New Safety & Security Suite Navigate360’s Safety & Security Suite integrates state-of-the-art Visitor, Volunteer and Emergency Management systems with Alyssa’s Law-compliant panic buttons, ensuring real-time, whole-campus oversight and accountability, as well as improving communication pathways between first responders, school staff, students and families, including reunification during a crisis. Learn More × ×