navify® digital solutions | Digital healthcare solutions Change region or lenguage Products Why navify News and events Global Contact us (opens in a new window) Connected insights for better care. It’s personal. navify® digital solutions navify digital solutions from Roche Diagnostics securely integrate data across care settings, connecting the healthcare community and accelerating access to innovation and insights. Explore the entire portfolio Streamlined data integration Integrate systems and workflows to enhance efficiency, reduce errors and improve consistency across your operations. Insight-driven disease management Access insights through tailored tools to support evidence-based decisions in diverse care settings. Operational and financial value Digital and AI-driven tools can help optimize resources, improve efficiency and drive financial growth. Products navify digital solutions are here to support confident healthcare decisions Discover innovative digital health solutions and select the right products to enhance your daily work. navify products seamlessly integrate data across the entire patient journey, providing actionable insights and simplifying targeted care decisions. Structured into three key areas – Digital infrastructure, Operational excellence and Medical insights – our portfolio supports diverse care settings, helping you optimize workflows and deliver value-based care. Explore the entire porfolio or Securely integrate data streams across the care continuum Digital infrastructure Optimize your operations to achieve more with less Operational excellence From data to insight to patient impact Medical insights Unleash the power of digital transformation Navigating digital transformation can be overwhelming. This is why we now offer tailored software plans designed to address your needs and challenges. Discover software plans Success of our customers is what truly drives us Patients and science are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how our customers benefit from navify digital solutions to achieve their organizational goals. Through stories of innovation, collaboration and medical breakthroughs, we measure the true impact of digital transformation and its ability to inspire hope and transform care. Success stories Driving healthcare forward with evidence-based solutions The future of healthcare relies on evidence-based solutions. navify digital solutions deliver clinical, financial and operational value. Discover how innovative approaches support safety, efficacy and measurable impact. Explore how health systems, payers, regulators and technology leaders collaborate to build a framework where innovation meets proven results, shaping a data-driven healthcare ecosystem for today and tomorrow. Clinical evidence Building on Roche's expertise in diagnostics and pharma At Roche, we redefine healthcare through innovation. With over 120 years of medical expertise, we combine diagnostics, pharma and digital solutions to create a unique partnership with healthcare providers. More than 6,500 1 customers trust navify digital solutions from Roche to enhance operational, and financial performance and personalized care across the patient journey. Discover how we accelerate innovation in health science and technology, empower clinicians, optimize labs and enhance patient care. About us News and Events Events News Ahead of care. Advancing diagnostics with AI. March 9 – 12, 2026 References and notes Data on File with Roche. Disclaimer Not every digital product is available in all markets. The use of any third-party app is subject to a separate license agreement with the respective third-party app developer. Roche gives no warranties (express or implied) with regard to any third-party app. Third-party apps might not be available in your country. This website and its content may be accessible worldwide, Roche assumes no liability with regard to the access to the information, which may not be compatible with legislations or regulations in force in your country. All claims made on this page have been carefully referenced, reviewed and approved as part of a rigorous compliance process overseen by our regulatory team. Regulatory approvals: MC--11638 6/2024, MC--14239 5/2024, MC--11863 5/2023, MC--11206 5/2023. © 2025 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. NAVIFY is a trademark of Roche. All other product names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) This website contains information on products which is targeted toward a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible, approved or valid in the location from where you are accessing this website. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibilities for accessing those information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin. Please also be aware that the information in this website should not be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease without the advice of a qualified medical professional, and does not replace medical advice or a medical examination. Legal statement (opens in a new window) Terms & Conditions (opens in a new window) Privacy Policy (opens in a new window) Cookie Notice (opens in a new window) California's Supply Chains Act (opens in a new window) Washington Privacy Policy (opens in a new window) US Supplemental Privacy Policy (opens in a new window) Cookie Preferences Contact (opens in a new window) Cyber Security (opens in a new window) Digital trust (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) Version