Navy Times - Independent News For Sailors | Navy Times Sections Pay & Benefits Flashpoints Pentagon & Congress Off Duty Education & Transition Military Honor Veterans Subscribe Now Opens in new window Subscribe Now Opens in new window News Your Navy Air Force Times Opens in new window Army Times Opens in new window Marine Corps Times Opens in new window Pentagon & Congress Defense News Opens in new window Flashpoints Pay & Benefits Benefits Guide Opens in new window Military Pay Center Military Retirement Military Benefits VA Loan Center Opens in new window Mil Money Discount Depot Off Duty GearScout Opens in new window Military Culture Military Fitness Military Movies & Video Games Military Sports Spouses Education & Transition Transition Guide Opens in new window Pay It Forward Opens in new window Veterans Military History Black Military History Opens in new window Congressional Veterans Caucus Opens in new window Military Appreciation Month Opens in new window Vietnam Vets & Rolling Thunder Opens in new window Military Honor Salute to Veterans Opens in new window Service Members of the Year Opens in new window Hall of Valor Opens in new window Create an Obituary Opens in new window Opinion Editorials Commentary Medals & Misfires Special Projects Installation Guide Opens in new window Battle Bracket CFC Givers Guide Task Force Violent Videos Newsletters Opens in new window Early Bird Brief Photo Galleries Military Native IHG Long-Term Care Partners Navy Federal Digital Edition Opens in new window Installation Guide Opens in new window Top stories Navy needs to improve fire safety enforcement on ships, watchdog warns Staffing shortages and ineffective ways of ensuring contractors comply with safety standards threaten to derail fire prevention efforts, GAO found. Navy to clear records for some sailors who refused COVID-19 vaccine The settlement comes as the result of a class-action lawsuit brought by sailors who denied the COVID-19 vaccine due to religious reasons. Court upholds order requiring VA to build housing for veterans in LA "There are now scores of unhoused veterans trying to survive ... despite the acres of land deeded to the VA for their care," the judge wrote. Featured A list of US military strikes against alleged drug-carrying vessels Court upholds order requiring VA to build housing for veterans in LA Navy doubles annual PT test requirement, updates failure guidelines Latest How the Continental Army became the lords of Spanktown Spanktown, name thusly after an early settler publicly took his spouse across his knee and chastised her, was to play an important role in the Forage Wars. Navy doubles annual PT test requirement, updates failure guidelines Sailors who fail three physical fitness assessments within four years will be processed for administrative separation, the new Navy policy states. US forces kill, capture ’nearly 25 ISIS’ fighters in Syria operations Over a nine-day period, U.S. and allied forces conducted 11 operations that killed at least seven ISIS fighters and destroyed four weapons caches. What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise In 1978, the 21-day exercise, dubbed “Nifty Nugget,” brought two dozen military commands to bear to support a notional conflict in Europe. EDITOR'S PICKS Your Navy US forces kill, capture ’nearly 25 ISIS’ fighters in Syria operations Over a nine-day period, U.S. and allied forces conducted 11 operations that killed at least seven ISIS fighters and destroyed four weapons caches. What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise In 1978, the 21-day exercise, dubbed “Nifty Nugget,” brought two dozen military commands to bear to support a notional conflict in Europe. How the Continental Army became the lords of Spanktown Spanktown, name thusly after an early settler publicly took his spouse across his knee and chastised her, was to play an important role in the Forage Wars. Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions New guidance from the Justice Department concluded that the VA lacks legal authority to provide the procedure — including in cases of rape or incest. In other news Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’ Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved or where it occurred. This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria VIDEOS The state of US hypersonic capabilities | Defense News Weekly Full Episode 12.13.25 As China and other U.S. rivals claim to field operational hypersonic missiles, where does the U.S. stand in developing its own weapons? An expert weighs in. Featured Videos Honoring accomplishment and courage: profiles of the 2023 Service Members of the Year Fireside chat with Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Daryl Caudle Kickstart Your Financial Goals This New Year — Money Minute Does the US need a ‘hypersonic czar’? Which service is leading the US hypersonics race? SPECIAL FEATURES Submit a FREE veteran obituary Military Times has partnered with Legacy on a special online memorial where you can read through U.S. veterans’ obituaries and publish a FREE veteran obit Insurance Guide Military Times has outlined helpful information about car insurance, renters insurance, and life insurance for troops. 2025 PCS Guide Read up on tips and tricks in Military Times’ 2025 Permanent Change of Station Guide. 2025 Benefits Guide Learn how your military benefits — including health care, retirement pay and more — have changed in 2025. Review: ‘In Waves and War’ shows promise of psychedelics to treat PTSD The documentary, streaming Monday, follows a group of veterans undergoing experimental treatments currently not approved for clinical use in the U.S. An enduring symbol: why troops keep naming things after reptiles From cobras to gators, reptilian mascots and call signs appear on patches, aircraft and unit logos across every branch. Why? By Clay Beyersdorfer Battlefield 6 review: the return of a war game worth fighting for After the rocky reception of Battlefield 2042, game developer DICE needed a strong comeback. The new Battlefield 6 mostly delivers, our reviewer writes. The next military shooter showdown: ‘Call of Duty’ vs. ‘Battlefield’ This fall, two video game franchises are going head-to-head, with the upcoming releases of "Call of Duty: Black Ops 7" and "Battlefield 6." Don't miss ‘The Terminal List: Dark Wolf’ cements dominance of military thrillers Country music no longer owns the troops, and that’s a good thing The National Guard, DC landscaping and the great pursuit of lethality Back-to-school, military edition: why August is also admin hell Deployment playlists, then and now: from Walkmans to wireless despair US Air Force vet charged with felony assault with a deli weapon MORE STORIES Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria The president says the U.S. launched a “powerful and deadly" strike against ISIS forces in Nigeria, claiming the group targeted Christians. 6 days ago Navy needs to improve fire safety enforcement on ships, watchdog warns Staffing shortages and ineffective ways of ensuring contractors comply with safety standards threaten to derail fire prevention efforts, GAO found. By Riley Ceder 7 days ago China’s military buildup makes US increasingly vulnerable, DOD says The Pentagon's latest annual report on the People’s Liberation Army described China’s recent buildup as “historic.” By Tanya Noury 7 days ago New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks Lakanwal remains charged with first-degree murder, assault with intent to kill and illegal possession of a firearm in the Nov. 26 shooting. By J.D. Simkins 7 days ago Ode to James Ransone’s memorable portrayal of a junior enlisted Marine In just seven episodes, James Ransone churned out one of the most relatable on-screen depictions of life as a junior enlisted Marine. By J.D. Simkins 8 days ago Santa’s elves have been busy bringing cheer to military families Santa takes time for train rides with military families through Alaska, and to attend parties with gifts and treats. By Karen Jowers 8 days ago Over $13 billion in US military aid to Israel improperly tracked: IG Investigators warned that such lapses increase the risk of sensitive U.S. weapons technology falling into the hands of hostile actors. By Tanya Noury 8 days ago Ham, turkey and cigars? A look at Christmas festivities during WWII It's not too late to put Snowflake potatoes on one's Christmas day menu. By Claire Barrett 8 days ago At least 2 killed in Mexican Navy plane crash near Galveston, Texas A small Mexican Navy plane transporting a 1-year-old medical patient along with seven others crashed Monday near Galveston, Texas. 9 days ago How did the US patrol the Caribbean for drug smuggling before strikes? Coast Guard crews have seized about half a million pounds of drugs this year. But instead of killing "enemy combatants," they’re sending them back home. By Sonner Kehrt, The War Horse 9 days ago Load More Trending Now Navy doubles annual PT test requirement, updates failure guidelines Navy to begin constructing 2 ‘Trump class’ battleships Navy needs to improve fire safety enforcement on ships, watchdog warns What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise Court upholds order requiring VA to build housing for veterans in LA Facebook page Twitter feed RSS feed Navy Times  © 2025 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get Us Subscribe Opens in new window Newsletters Opens in new window RSS Feeds Opens in new window Shop Merch Opens in new window Contact Us Advertise General Contacts, Subscription Services Editorial Staff About Us About Us Careers Opens in new window Jobs for Veterans Opens in new window