High Speed Fiber Internet Provider in Pakistan | Nayatel XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX;visibility:hidden"> Internet Services Support Coverage Areas Search Contact My account Get connection Business Internet services Video Home security Gaming Telephone Discount Offers Unlimited Bundle Maximize your social media SPEED-UP Supercharge your internet speed up to 500 mbps Safe Web Keep your browsing safe Cable TV Affordable cable TV entertainment NAYA TV Nayatel’s OTT streaming platform Digital Box 180+ digital & HD channels NAYA Box The best 4K android TV™ box Nwatch Cloud based CCTV camera solution Eview Watch your CCTV cameras remotely Optimus Optimize your gaming experience ExitLag The #1 low ping optimizer - now in Pakistan! See all services Contact Connect with us for support and inquiries Payment Options Flexible options for easy and smooth bill payments Security Advisory Security advisory to prevent cyber attacks Manuals Helpful user guides for Nayatel devices Hardware Charges Hardware, devices and set-top-boxes FAQs Quick answers to common questions Blog Latest news, technology tips, and updates Quick Links Nayatel helpline Nayatel packages Nayatel coverage Nayatel installation charges ExitLag Android TV Box Bill Payment Your trusted fiber internet cable TV telephone provider in Pakistan Explore premium fiber internet, phone, and cable TV packages and get connected today! Enjoy fast, reliable internet, crystal-clear voice services, entertainment, and more. Sign up online Check availability Stepping up your entertainment experience Explore Cable TV Why should you choose us? This is why we are your reliable link to the world. Unparalleled customer support Our customer-centric approach puts you on the wheel, ensuring you always have control over your experience. Our dedicated support engineers are always at your disposal, ready to assist with any queries or issues you might encounter. You get more than just Wi-Fi Fiber internet was just the beginning; we now bring you unlimited entertainment through our extensive portfolio of services. Enjoy a wide array of streaming options, digital content, and seamless connectivity that goes beyond traditional internet services. Stability & reliability guaranteed Never worry about buffering again with a consistent internet connection ensured by our robust fiber network. Our state-of-the-art infrastructure guarantees that you stay connected without interruptions, providing you with a seamless online experience. We deliver unbeatable speeds Stream, game, and download with our blazing-fast internet speeds, reaching up to 300 Mbps. Whether you're working from home, enjoying a movie night, or engaging in online gaming, our high-speed internet ensures you can do it all without any buffering. Why should you choose us? This is why we are your reliable link to the world. Unparalleled customer support Our customer-centric approach puts you on the wheel, ensuring you always have control over your experience. Our dedicated support engineers are always at your disposal, ready to assist with any queries or issues you might encounter. You get more than just Wi-Fi Fiber internet was just the beginning; we now bring you unlimited entertainment through our extensive portfolio of services. Enjoy a wide array of streaming options, digital content, and seamless connectivity that goes beyond traditional internet services. Stability & reliability guaranteed Never worry about buffering again with a consistent internet connection ensured by our robust fiber network. Our state-of-the-art infrastructure guarantees that you stay connected without interruptions, providing you with a seamless online experience. We deliver unbeatable speeds Stream, game, and download with our blazing-fast internet speeds, reaching up to 300 Mbps. Whether you're working from home, enjoying a movie night, or engaging in online gaming, our high-speed internet ensures you can do it all without any buffering. My Nayatel App Manage your Wi-Fi on the go! (Scan to download My Nayatel App) Optimize your Wi-Fi Optimize your Wi-Fi speed in just a few taps. New Services Explore and subscribe to a large catalog of services, with ease. Pay your bills View and pay your bill online with payment options of your choice. Complaint tracking Stay updated with your ongoing complaint status. Real time alerts Get notified instantly through push notifications. Optimize your Wi-Fi Optimize your Wi-Fi speed in just a few simple taps New Services Explore and subscribe to a large catalog of services, with ease. Pay your bills View and pay your bill online with payment options of your choice. Complaint tracking Stay updated with your ongoing complaint status. Real time alerts Get notified instantly through push notifications. Nayatel is the leading fiber internet and IT service provider in Pakistan, delivering high-speed connectivity along with reliable cloud computing, secure web and email hosting, crystal-clear HDTV, and advance digital solutions. Trusted by hundreds of thousands of businesses and homes, Nayatel is a trend setter in innovation, reliability, and customer experience. Explore Work with us Support My Nayatel Legal Explore About Blog Business Offers Coverage Areas Internet Packages Services Catalogue Work with us Careers Support Contact Manuals Hardware Charges Payment Options FAQs Security Advisory My Nayatel Sign up Log in Legal Privacy Policy Connect