Home | NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA Please Rotate Your Device 90 For the best experience, turn your mobile device portrait mode. Skip to main content Home About Leadership Comcast History Impact Brands Newsroom VERSANT Transaction Careers NBA On NBC Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Search Your browser does not support the video tag. Destinations & Experiences Universal Epic Universe The Portals Are Now Open Your browser does not support the video tag. Universal Pictures Wicked: For Good Get Your Tickets Now Your browser does not support the video tag. NBC Sports NBA on NBC and Peacock See the Full Schedule Newsroom NBC Sports Snoop Dogg Makes NBA Game Analyst Debut On January 5 “Peacock NBA Monday” Featuring Warriors-Clipper... 23 Dec 2025 NBC Sports “Gold Zone” Team Reunites For The Milan Cortina 2026 Olympic Winter Games 18 Dec 2025 NBC Peacock Wraps Up 2025 With Holiday Specials, Classic Films, and New Year's Eve Special 18 Dec 2025 Corporate Highlights From an Incredible Year: 2025 At NBCUniversal 18 Dec 2025 Advertising NBCUniversal Launches First-to-Market Cross-Platform Innovations, Setting the Stage for the Next Era... 17 Dec 2025 Universal Products & Experiences Universal’s Holiday Gift Guide 17 Dec 2025 NBC NBCUniversal Brings Iconic Shows and Films to Life at The Paley Center for Media 17 Dec 2025 Peacock Peacock Debuts Official Trailer for Season 4 of 'The Traitors' 16 Dec 2025 Destinations & Experiences 4 Innovative Initiatives Shaping Universal Destinations & Experiences in 2026 15 Dec 2025 NBC Sports Peacock To Exclusively Stream National Coverage of Baltimore Ravens at Green Bay Packers on Saturday... 12 Dec 2025 Impact LinkedIn and Comcast NBCUniversal Team Up to Amplify Nonprofit Voices 11 Dec 2025 NBC NBCU’s November to Remember Showcases the Power of Company’s Programming 10 Dec 2025 Telemundo Telemundo Launches ‘Tu Momento. Tu Jugada.’ – a Nationwide Initiative Inspiring Future Leaders Throu... 10 Dec 2025 Telemundo Telemundo Nearly Sold Out for 2026 FIFA World Cup With Largest Deals in Spanish-Language History 09 Dec 2025 Universal Pictures NBCUniversal Scores 22 Total 2025 Golden Globe Nominations 08 Dec 2025 Destinations & Experiences Universal Destinations & Experiences and Comcast Launch 'Inspiring Future Innovators Summit' at Univ... 05 Dec 2025 Telemundo Telemundo Surrounds the FIFA World Cup 2026™ Final Draw with Wall-to-Wall Onsite Coverage from Washi... 03 Dec 2025 NBC Olympics NBCUniversal Returns Creator Collective Program for 2026 Milan Cortina Olympic Winter Games in Partn... 02 Dec 2025 Universal Products & Experiences How 'Wicked: For Good' Became a Global Collaboration Story 02 Dec 2025 NBC ‘Wicked: One Wonderful Night’ Encore to Air Dec. 31 on NBC 01 Dec 2025 NBC NBC’s Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Set All-Time Viewership Record 01 Dec 2025 Universal Pictures Everything You Need to Know About 'Five Nights at Freddy's 2' 26 Nov 2025 NBC NBCUniversal Serves Up Thanksgiving Day Programming Across NBC and Peacock 26 Nov 2025 NBC 9 Fascinating Facts to Celebrate 99 Years of Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 26 Nov 2025 Environment Sustainability Was No Mystery on the Set of All Her Fault 25 Nov 2025 Universal Pictures 'Wicked: For Good' Opened No.1 At The Global Box Office 24 Nov 2025 NBC Behind the Scenes of NBCUniversal's Live Holiday Programming 24 Nov 2025 Advertising NBCUniversal’s Iconic Holiday Programming Is The Gift Of The Season For Marketers, Providing Unrival... 21 Nov 2025 Social Impact and Inclusion Bringing the Themes of 'Wicked: For Good' to Life: NBCUniversal's Social Impact Initiatives Make Cha... 20 Nov 2025 Universal Orlando Resort Universal Orlando Resort Receives Huge Honors at 2025 Thea Awards – Taking Home Four Outstanding Ach... 19 Nov 2025 Brands Explore all Brands NBC Develops and schedules programming for the network’s primetime, late-night, and daytime schedules. Develops and schedules programming for the network’s primetime, late-night, and daytime schedules. See More NBC News Global leader in news across all broadcast and digital platforms. Global leader in news across all broadcast and digital platforms. See More NBC Sports Serves today's passionate sports fans with coverage of the Olympics, NFL, NHL, NASCAR, Premier League and more. Serves today's passionate sports fans with coverage of the Olympics, NFL, NHL, NASCAR, Premier League and more. See More Peacock Thousands of hours of current and past season TV episodes plus iconic movies and more. Thousands of hours of current and past season TV episodes plus iconic movies and more. See More Telemundo A world class media company leading the industry in the production and distribution of Spanish-language content. A world class media company leading the industry in the production and distribution of Spanish-language content. See More NBC Olympics Produces, programs and promotes NBCUniversal's multi-platform Olympics coverage. Produces, programs and promotes NBCUniversal's multi-platform Olympics coverage. See More Universal Television Universal Television is one of the largest and most successful television production companies in the United States. Universal Television is one of the largest and most successful television production companies in the United States. See More NBC News NOW NBC News NOW is an online streaming network from NBC News where users can find the latest stories and breaking news on… NBC News NOW is an online streaming network from NBC News where users can find the latest stories and breaking news on world news and US news See More Universal Content Productions UCP is a best-in-class television studio that produces genre-defying, ground-breaking and intentional storytelling with a… UCP is a best-in-class television studio that produces genre-defying, ground-breaking and intentional storytelling with a sense of discovery. See More Universal Products & Experiences Universal Products & Experiences extends the company’s characters and stories by bringing them to life in immersive… Universal Products & Experiences extends the company’s characters and stories by bringing them to life in immersive experiences and in product categories such as toys, collectables, books, apparel, lifestyle categories, video games and more. See More Universal Pictures Produces and distributes theatrical and non-theatrical filmed entertainment for a growing global marketplace. Produces and distributes theatrical and non-theatrical filmed entertainment for a growing global marketplace. See More Universal Orlando Resort Offers epic vacations and experiences that place guests in the heart of powerful stories and adventures. Offers epic vacations and experiences that place guests in the heart of powerful stories and adventures. See More Universal Studios Hollywood Offers the ultimate Hollywood movie experience featuring real-life interpretations of iconic movie and television shows. Offers the ultimate Hollywood movie experience featuring real-life interpretations of iconic movie and television shows. See More Bravo The premier lifestyle and entertainment brand that drives cultural conversation around its diverse interactive original… The premier lifestyle and entertainment brand that drives cultural conversation around its diverse interactive original content. See More Hayu The first all-reality subscription video-on-demand streaming service of its kind – available in over 40 markets. The first all-reality subscription video-on-demand streaming service of its kind – available in over 40 markets. See More Illumination Illumination, founded by Chris Meledandri in 2007, is one of the entertainment industry’s leading producers of event-… Illumination, founded by Chris Meledandri in 2007, is one of the entertainment industry’s leading producers of event-animated films. See More DreamWorks DreamWorks delivers innovative films and television series that encourage us to imagine something different. DreamWorks delivers innovative films and television series that encourage us to imagine something different. See More Focus Features Produces, acquires, and releases movies from rising and established talent and filmmakers. Produces, acquires, and releases movies from rising and established talent and filmmakers. See More Careers Here you can create the extraordinary We’re smarter, more dynamic and better together. Explore Careers NBCUniversal is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies. We create world-class content, which we distribute across our portfolio of film, television, and streaming, and bring to life through our theme parks and consumer experiences. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Secondary Footer Company About Brands Careers History Impact Leadership Newsroom Footer Third Divisions Destinations & Experiences Media NBC News Group Studios © 2025 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC. Footer menu AD CHOICES New Privacy Policy YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES CA Notice New Terms Of Service Supply Chain Values