National Bureau of Economic Research | NBER Skip to main content NBER: National Bureau of Economic Research Subscribe Media Open Calls Search Research EXPLORE Research Findings Working Papers Books & Chapters Videos Periodicals The Digest The Reporter The Bulletin on the Economics of Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias The Bulletin on Health The Bulletin on Entrepreneurship The Bulletin on Retirement and Disability Archives The Bulletin on Aging & Health Archives Data & Business Cycles Boston Research Data Center Business Cycle Dating Public Use Data Archive All Topics Taxation Unemployment and Immigration Energy Entrepreneurship Trade Programs & Projects EXPLORE Programs & Projects Programs Economics of Aging Asset Pricing Children and Families Corporate Finance Development Economics Development of the American Economy Economic Fluctuations and Growth Economics of Education Economics of Health Environment and Energy Economics Industrial Organization International Finance and Macroeconomics International Trade and Investment Labor Studies Law and Economics Monetary Economics Political Economy Productivity, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship Public Economics Working Groups Behavioral Finance Chinese Economy Economics of Crime Entrepreneurship Gender in the Economy Household Finance Innovation Policy Insurance Market Design Organizational Economics Personnel Economics Race and Stratification in the Economy Urban Economics All Projects & Centers Center for Aging and Health Research Center on Economics of Alzheimer's Disease Conference on Research in Income and Wealth Economics of Digitization Economic Measurement Research Institute Financial Frictions and Systemic Risk New Developments in Long-Term Asset Management Healthcare Decision-Making and Outcomes for People Living with Alzheimer's Disease Macroeconomics Annual Measuring the Clinical and Economic Outcomes Associated with Delivery Systems The Roybal Center for Behavior Change in Health Science of Science Funding Training Program in Aging and Health Economics Transportation Economics in the 21st Century Conferences EXPLORE Conferences Summer Institute Reimbursements Affiliated Scholars NBER News EXPLORE NBER News Research in the News Nobel Laureates Featured Working Papers Archive Career Resources EXPLORE Career Resources RA Positions – at NBER RA Positions – not at the NBER Staff Positions at NBER Calls for Fellowship Applications Current Fellowship Recipients About EXPLORE About Leadership & Governance Support & Funding History Standards of Conduct Staff Subscribe Media Open Calls Search National Bureau of Economic Research Conducting and disseminating nonpartisan economic research Business Cycle Dating Information New This Week / Working Papers Latest from the NBER Indian School of Business-NBER Research Conference, 2025 news article The Indian School of Business (ISB) in Hyderabad, India, hosted the fourth meeting in the annual joint ISB-NBER conference series on December 13–14, 2025. The meeting, which focused on "Household Finance Across the Lifecycle," was co-organized by Shilpa Aggarwal of ISB and Amit Seru of Stanford University and NBER. The conference program included eight research papers that touched on many central topics in Indian household finance, including the lifecycle profile of saving rates, access to credit for large purchases of durable goods and housing, portfolio choice and the… A research summary from the monthly NBER Digest School Cell Phone Bans and Student Achievement article Two years after the imposition of a student cell phone ban, student test scores in a large urban school district were significantly higher than before, David N. Figlio and Umut Özek find in The Impact of Cell Phone Bans in Schools on Student Outcomes: Evidence from Florida (NBER Working Paper 34388). The study examines data from one of the 10 largest school districts in the United States, a large urban county-level school district in Florida. While Florida's statewide law banned cell phone use during instructional time, this district implemented a stricter policy requiring students to keep phones silenced and stored in backpacks during the entire school day,… From the NBER Reporter: Research, program, and conference summaries Firms’ Discount Rates and Investment article Discount rates play a key role in firms’ investment decisions. In standard theory and in practice, firms undertake an investment project if the expected return of the project exceeds a required return, which is known as the “discount rate” or “hurdle rate.” A large body of research has studied how firms should set discount rates, but relatively little work has explored how real-world discount rates change over time and whether discount rate dynamics shed light on the behavior of firms and the aggregate economy. In a recent set of papers, we analyze new hand-collected data on the discount rates used by large corporations. The data confirm that discount rates determine investment. But the real-world behavior of discount rates deviates substantially from standard theory. Discount rate dynamics help us… From the NBER Bulletin on Health Pain Management and the Opioid Epidemic article Death rates due to drug poisonings began to surge in the US in the mid-1990s, marking the emergence of an epidemic that has persisted for three decades. The health consequences have been stark, with annual deaths exceeding 100,000 since 2021. In Prescription for Disaster: The SSDI Rate, Pain, and Prescribing Practices (NBER Working Paper 34265), William N. Evans and Ethan M. J. Lieber examine characteristics of counties in 1990—prior to the surge—that predict the county-level severity of opioid deaths after 2000. After considering a wide range of potential determinants, they focus on one factor: the percentage of the working-age population... From the NBER Bulletin on Entrepreneurship Underwriting Based on Cash Flow Helps Younger Entrepreneurs Access Credit article Younger entrepreneurs are disadvantaged in small business loan markets because lenders rely heavily on personal credit scores, which favor long histories of repaying debt. In Modernizing Access to Credit for Younger Entrepreneurs: From FICO to Cash Flow (NBER Working Paper 33367), researchers Christopher M. Hair , Sabrina T. Howell , Mark J. Johnson , and Siena Matsumoto document this fact and show that younger entrepreneurs benefit from underwriting that augments personal credit scores (like FICO) with cash flow data. They analyze comprehensive… Featured Working Papers Experiencing Carbon Pricing December 31, 2025 Voter support for Washington state’s 2023 cap-and-invest carbon pricing policy increased after voters experienced it. While 56 percent of voters opposed a similar proposal in 2018, 62 percent opposed repeal of the program in 2024, after just one year of program exposure, according to Stefano Carattini , Ian Fletcher , Chad W. Kendall , Michael K. Price , and Arthur Vu . C-Sections and Maternal Labor Market Outcomes December 30, 2025 When a California hospital program reduced C-section rates among low-risk first-time mothers by approximately 10 percent, those exposed to the program were 2.4 percent more likely to return to their jobs immediately after birth, and there was no evidence of adverse health effects for either the mothers or their newborns, according to Sarah Miller , Petra Persson , Maya Rossin-Slater , and Laura R. Wherry . Argentina's Pre-Primary Education Expansion December 29, 2025 Samuel Berlinski , Guillermo Cruces , Sebastian Galiani , Paul Gertler , and Fabian Gonzalez find that an expansion of pre-primary education in Argentina between 1993–1999 increased educational attainment by 0.5 years and raised secondary school completion by 11.9 percentage points. The Evolving Effectiveness of E-Cigarette Taxes December 26, 2025 Over the period 2015–2019, a one-dollar increase in e-cigarette taxes was associated with a drop in youth vaping of 5.7 percentage points, but this effect attenuated to just 2.4 percentage points over the period 2020–2023, according to Dhaval M. Dave , Tessie Krishna , Yang Liang , and Joseph J. Sabia . Paid Sick Leave Mandates and SSI Participation December 24, 2025 Anwar Assamidanov , Dhaval M. Dave , Jooyoung Kim , Brandy Lipton , Xuechao Qian , and Joseph J. Sabia find that state-level paid sick leave mandates are associated with more than a 6 percent increase in initial claims for SSI benefits, with the strongest effects on children under 18. View all In the News Recent citations of NBER research in the media _______________________________________ The China Shock, Revisited (Again) | American Enterprise Institute - AEI December 9, 2025 Source: American Enterprise Institute Read the research here . Brexit Was Britain Slapping Itself. Why Is America Doing the Same? - The New York Times December 8, 2025 Source: The New York Times Read the research here . Prices Would Be Lower If Not For Trump's Tariffs, Says New Study November 27, 2025 Source: Forbes Read the research here . Home Prices on a Warming Planet November 20, 2025 Source: The New York Times Read the research here . Or a non-technical summary here . A flood of Chinese graduate students in STEM was a boon to U.S. students October 31, 2025 Source: Science Read the research here . View all Research Projects Economic Measurement Research Institute Project Coordinating Center on the Economics of Alzheimer’s Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease-Related Dementias: Prevention, Treatment, and Care Project Financial Frictions and Systemic Risk Project Healthcare Decision-Making and Outcomes for People Living with Alzheimer's Disease Project Economics of Science Project More NBER Research Projects Conferences CRIW Conference on Disaggregated Regional Accounts, Spring 2027 Conference Organizer(s): Abe Dunn , Kilian Huber & Ludwig Straub Roundtable on the Applications of AI in Healthcare, Spring 2026 Conference Organizer(s): Nikhil Agarwal & Kevin Schulman Geography and Health: Exploring Rural-Urban Disparities, Spring 2026 Conference Organizer(s): Alee Lockman & Sarah Miller Production Function Applications in IO, Fall 2026 Conference Organizer(s): Jan De Loecker , Mert Demirer & Paulo J. Somaini Fiscal and Monetary Policy Research Boot Camp, Spring 2026 Conference Organizer(s): Luigi Bocola Explore Conferences Books & Chapters Through a partnership with the University of Chicago Press, the NBER publishes the proceedings of four annual conferences as well as other research studies associated with NBER-based research projects. Social Security Programs and Retirement Around the World: The Effects of Pension Reforms on the Income Distribution of Retirees Book Social Security Programs and Retirement Around the World: Pension Reforms and the Health Distribution of Retirees Book The Economics of Race and Stratification Book Economics of Science Book The Economics of Transformative AI Book Explore Books & Chapters Videos Recordings of presentations, keynote addresses, and panel discussions at NBER conferences are available on the Videos page. 2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Keynote David Lubinski, "Creativity, Productivity, and Lifestyle at Midlife: Findings from the 50-Year, Longitudinal Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth" Video Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. 2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Niharika Singh, "Gender Dynamics in Entry into Competitive Careers: Evidence from Indian Civil Services" Video Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. 2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Jillian Grennan, "Unpacking the Innovator-Inventor Gap: Evidence from Engineers" Video Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. 2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Santiago Saavedra, "Discovering and Supporting Hidden Talents through Math Olympiads in Colombia" Video Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. 2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Jean-Felix Brouillette, "The Lost Marie Curies and Foregone Economic Growth" Video Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. Explore Videos Sign-Up for New This Week: The Weekly Announcement of New NBER Working Papers Manage your email preferences Learn More about NBER Research Activities Explore research programs National Bureau of Economic Research Contact Us 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138 617-868-3900 info@nber.org webaccessibility@nber.org Homepage Accessibility Policy Diversity Policy Privacy Policy Follow Top of page figure uses data from the FRED® API but is not endorsed or certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. © 2025 National Bureau of Economic Research. All Rights Reserved.