Skip to main content
Subscribe
Media
Open Calls
Login
Research
Programs & Projects
Conferences
Affiliated Scholars
NBER News
Career Resources
About
Search
National Bureau of Economic Research
Conducting and disseminating nonpartisan economic research
Business Cycle Dating Information
New This Week / Working Papers
Latest from the NBER
A research summary from the monthly NBER Digest
School Cell Phone Bans and Student Achievement

ARTICLE

Two years after the imposition of a student cell phone ban, student test scores in a large urban school district were significantly higher than before, David N. Figlio and Umut Özek find in The Impact of Cell Phone Bans in Schools on Student Outcomes: Evidence from Florida (NBER Working Paper 34388). The study examines data from one of the 10 largest school districts in the United States, a large urban county-level school district in Florida. While Florida's statewide law banned cell phone use during instructional time, this district implemented a stricter policy requiring students to keep phones silenced and stored in backpacks during the entire school day,…

From the NBER Reporter: Research, program, and conference summaries
Firms’ Discount Rates and Investment

ARTICLE

Discount rates play a key role in firms’ investment decisions. In standard theory and in practice, firms undertake an investment project if the expected return of the project exceeds a required return, which is known as the “discount rate” or “hurdle rate.” A large body of research has studied how firms should set discount rates, but relatively little work has explored how real-world discount rates change over time and whether discount rate dynamics shed light on the behavior of firms and the aggregate economy.

In a recent set of papers, we analyze new hand-collected data on the discount rates used by large corporations. The data confirm that discount rates determine investment. But the real-world behavior of discount rates deviates substantially from standard theory. Discount rate dynamics help us…

From the NBER Bulletin on Health
Pain Management and the Opioid Epidemic

ARTICLE

Death rates due to drug poisonings began to surge in the US in the mid-1990s, marking the emergence of an epidemic that has persisted for three decades. The health consequences have been stark, with annual deaths exceeding 100,000 since 2021.

In Prescription for Disaster: The SSDI Rate, Pain, and Prescribing Practices (NBER Working Paper 34265), William N. Evans and Ethan M. J. Lieber examine characteristics of counties in 1990—prior to the surge—that predict the county-level severity of opioid deaths after 2000. After considering a wide range of potential determinants, they focus on one factor: the percentage of the working-age population...

From the NBER Bulletin on Entrepreneurship
Underwriting Based on Cash Flow Helps Younger Entrepreneurs Access Credit

ARTICLE

Younger entrepreneurs are disadvantaged in small business loan markets because lenders rely heavily on personal credit scores, which favor long histories of repaying debt. In Modernizing Access to Credit for Younger Entrepreneurs: From FICO to Cash Flow (NBER Working Paper 33367), researchers Christopher M. Hair, Sabrina T. Howell, Mark J. Johnson, and Siena Matsumoto document this fact and show that younger entrepreneurs benefit from underwriting that augments personal credit scores (like FICO) with cash flow data. They analyze comprehensive…

Featured Working Papers
Argentina's Pre-Primary Education Expansion
DECEMBER 29, 2025

Samuel Berlinski, Guillermo Cruces, Sebastian Galiani, Paul Gertler, and Fabian Gonzalez find that an expansion of pre-primary education in Argentina between 1993–1999 increased educational attainment by 0.5 years and raised secondary school completion by 11.9 percentage points.

The Evolving Effectiveness of E-Cigarette Taxes
DECEMBER 26, 2025

Over the period 2015–2019, a one-dollar increase in e-cigarette taxes was associated with a drop in youth vaping of 5.7 percentage points, but this effect attenuated to just 2.4 percentage points over the period 2020–2023, according to Dhaval M. Dave, Tessie Krishna, Yang Liang, and Joseph J. Sabia.

Paid Sick Leave Mandates and SSI Participation
DECEMBER 24, 2025

Anwar Assamidanov, Dhaval M. Dave, Jooyoung Kim, Brandy Lipton, Xuechao Qian, and Joseph J. Sabia find that state-level paid sick leave mandates are associated with more than a 6 percent increase in initial claims for SSI benefits, with the strongest effects on children under 18.

Nursing Home Roommates and Patient Mortality
DECEMBER 23, 2025

Nursing home patients with dementia assigned to rooms with cognitively healthy roommates experience a 5.1 percentage point reduction in 90-day mortality, while cognitively healthy patients assigned to rooms with cognitively impaired roommates do not experience higher 90-day mortality, according to Alden Cheng and Martin B. Hackmann.

Clinical Trials Underrepresent High-Risk Cancer Patients
DECEMBER 22, 2025

Cancer patients at the 90th percentile of risk of adverse events are 2.5 times more likely to experience a treatment-induced hospitalization than those at the 10th percentile, yet those at the 10th percentile are 4 times more likely to enroll in trials. This leads trials to underestimate adverse events by 15 percent according to Jason Abaluck, Leila Agha, and Sachin Shah.

View all

In the News

Recent citations of NBER research in the media

_______________________________________

The China Shock, Revisited (Again) | American Enterprise Institute - AEI
DECEMBER 9, 2025
SOURCE: American Enterprise Institute
Read the research here.
Brexit Was Britain Slapping Itself. Why Is America Doing the Same? - The New York Times
DECEMBER 8, 2025
SOURCE: The New York Times
Read the research here.
Prices Would Be Lower If Not For Trump's Tariffs, Says New Study
NOVEMBER 27, 2025
SOURCE: Forbes
Read the research here.
Home Prices on a Warming Planet
NOVEMBER 20, 2025
SOURCE: The New York Times
Read the research here. Or a non-technical summary here.
A flood of Chinese graduate students in STEM was a boon to U.S. students
OCTOBER 31, 2025
SOURCE: Science
Read the research here.

View all

Research Projects
Economic Measurement Research Institute
PROJECT
Coordinating Center on the Economics of Alzheimer’s Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease-Related Dementias: Prevention, Treatment, and Care
PROJECT
Financial Frictions and Systemic Risk
PROJECT
Healthcare Decision-Making and Outcomes for People Living with Alzheimer's Disease
PROJECT
Economics of Science
PROJECT
More NBER Research Projects
Conferences
Roundtable on the Applications of AI in Healthcare, Spring 2026
CONFERENCE
ORGANIZER(S): Nikhil Agarwal & Kevin Schulman
Geography and Health: Exploring Rural-Urban Disparities, Spring 2026
CONFERENCE
ORGANIZER(S): Alee Lockman & Sarah Miller
Production Function Applications in IO, Fall 2026
CONFERENCE
ORGANIZER(S): Jan De Loecker, Mert Demirer & Paulo J. Somaini
Fiscal and Monetary Policy Research Boot Camp, Spring 2026
CONFERENCE
ORGANIZER(S): Luigi Bocola
Microeconomic Policies and Economic Growth, Spring 2027
CONFERENCE
ORGANIZER(S): Peter J. Klenow, Kenneth Kuttner & Heidi L. Williams
Explore Conferences
Books & Chapters

Through a partnership with the University of Chicago Press, the NBER publishes the proceedings of four annual conferences as well as other research studies associated with NBER-based research projects.

Social Security Programs and Retirement Around the World: The Effects of Pension Reforms on the Income Distribution of Retirees
BOOK
Social Security Programs and Retirement Around the World: Pension Reforms and the Health Distribution of Retirees
BOOK
The Economics of Race and Stratification
BOOK
Economics of Science
BOOK
The Economics of Transformative AI
BOOK
Explore Books & Chapters
Videos

Recordings of presentations, keynote addresses, and panel discussions at NBER conferences are available on the Videos page.

2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Keynote David Lubinski, "Creativity, Productivity, and Lifestyle at Midlife: Findings from the 50-Year, Longitudinal Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth"
VIDEO
Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc.
2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Niharika Singh, "Gender Dynamics in Entry into Competitive Careers: Evidence from Indian Civil Services"
VIDEO
Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc.
2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Jillian Grennan, "Unpacking the Innovator-Inventor Gap: Evidence from Engineers"
VIDEO
Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc.
2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Santiago Saavedra, "Discovering and Supporting Hidden Talents through Math Olympiads in Colombia"
VIDEO
Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc.
2025, Economics of Talent Meeting, Jean-Felix Brouillette, "The Lost Marie Curies and Foregone Economic Growth"
VIDEO
Supported by Carina Initiatives, Inc. 
Explore Videos
Sign-Up for New This Week: The Weekly Announcement of New NBER Working Papers
Manage your email preferences
Learn More about NBER Research Activities
Explore research programs
National Bureau of Economic Research

Contact Us
1050 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02138
617-868-3900
info@nber.org
webaccessibility@nber.org

HOMEPAGE
Accessibility Policy
Diversity Policy
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW

TOP OF PAGE FIGURE USES DATA FROM THE FRED® API BUT IS NOT ENDORSED OR CERTIFIED BY THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF ST. LOUIS.

© 2025 NATIONAL BUREAU OF ECONOMIC RESEARCH. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.