Skip to main content
FRAUD ALERT

Be aware of multiple fraudulent text scams requesting payment for NCDMV fees, fines or tolls. NCDMV will NEVER request payment by text. Please report it as spam and delete. Learn More

An official website of the State of North Carolina How you know 
Utility Menu
State Organizations
Directory
Jobs
Select Language
English
العربية
繁體中文
हिन्दी
Polski
Português
Русский
Español
Српски језик
Tiếng Việt
ไทย
Hmong
ភាសាខ្មែរ
ພາສາລາວ
Afsoomaali
አማርኛ

Main menu

Living
Working
Learning
Exploring
Your Government
Home
Search
POPULAR TOPICS
Find a job in NCGet unemployment helpFind my tax refundStart a businessFind unclaimed propertyPublic meetings calendar
Featured
In the Spotlight

A few highlights from around the state of North Carolina. 

Join Team North Carolina

We are seeking experienced professionals interested in a career in public service.

Got Your REAL ID Yet?

As of May 2025, a REAL ID, U.S. passport or another federally approved identification is required to board commercial flights and enter secure federal buildings.

Start Exploring NC Today

North Carolina is home to many State parks as well as world class museums and many historic sites. Looking for something to do? Start exploring today!

PRESS RELEASES
The Latest
DECEMBER 16, 2025
The Governor’s December Column: The Miracle of Light

This month, Governor Josh Stein is sharing reflections on the holiday season.

Read the details
DECEMBER 18, 2025
Governor Stein Celebrates Decision for Federal Recognition of Lumbee Tribe
DECEMBER 12, 2025
Holidays are Chirpy and Bright with Three New Otter Pups at Fort Fisher Aquarium
View all press releases

About NC

From the Mountains to the Coast

A culture rich in history and arts, scenic beauty, a moderate climate, and world-class sports and recreational opportunities make North Carolina an exceptional place to live, visit and do business. Combine that with a skilled workforce, quality health care, top universities, a low cost of living, and it's easy to see why most people who live here never want to leave.

Learn more about North Carolina

nc.gov

© 2025 The State of North Carolina. All rights reserved.

CONTACT US

Contact information for State agencies, legislators, hotlines, reporting fraud, and more.

State of North Carolina Directory

Network Menu
nc.gov
Website Feedback
Accessibility
Disclaimer & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Open Budget
Hosted on Digital Commons