NC DHHS: North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services Skip to main content FRAUD ALERT Be aware of multiple fraudulent text scams requesting payment for NCDMV fees, fines or tolls. NCDMV will NEVER request payment by text. Please report it as spam and delete. Learn More About NCDMV Fraudulent Text Scams An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu NCDHHS COVID-19 NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS Main menu Assistance Assistance ADA and Civil Rights Grievance Procedure Division of Aging Assistance Assistive Technology Children's Services Crisis Services Deaf-Blind Services Disability Services Guardianship Hearing Loss Low-Income Services Medicaid Assistance with Mental Health, Developmental Disabilities, Substance Use and Traumatic Brain Injury Mental Health Crisis Services Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements North Carolina Reproductive Health Services Unemployment Services Veteran's Services Vision Loss Vital Records Disaster Preparation and Recovery Divisions Divisions Aging Child and Family Well-Being Child Development And Early Education Disability Determination Services Employment and Independence for People with Disabilities Health Benefits (NC Medicaid) Health Service Regulation Mental Health, Developmental Disabilities and Substance Use Services Office of Economic Opportunity Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities Office of Rural Health Public Health Services for the Blind Services for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing (DSDHH) Social Services State Operated Healthcare Facilities Providers Providers Licensure Provider Information LME-MCO Directory Policies, Manuals and Forms News News Press Releases Events Newsletter Articles Follow NCDHHS on Social Media About About Administrative Offices Data Dashboards, Action Plans/White Papers Department Initiatives DHHS Mission, Vision, Values and Goals Directives Federal Government Shutdown Grant Opportunities Leadership Overview Priority Goals Contact Contact Division Contacts Hotlines Report Fraud Vendor Resources Utility Menu NCDHHS COVID-19 NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS Homepage Search Popular Topics Food Stamps (FNS) Medicaid Birth Certificates Apply for WIC Child Support Adoption Governor Stein, NCDHHS Announce More Than $6.5 Billion in Medical Debt Erased in North Carolina Through North Carolina’s Medical Debt Relief Program, more than $6.5 billion in medical debt has been relieved for more than 2.5 million North Carolinians over the past year. North Carolina Awarded $213 Million for Rural Health Transformation Program The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has awarded North Carolina more than $213 million in federal funding through the Rural Health Transformation Program (RHTP). North Carolina has the second-largest rural population in the U.S., with nearly 3 million people living in rural areas. Find Out More Department Initiatives DHHS Intranet (NCID required) DHHS Open Window DHHS Policies, Manuals and Forms Hotlines LME-MCO Directory NCDHHS Strategic Priorities Social Services County Information Work for DHHS Community and Partner Engagement NCDHHS has launched a Community and Engagement Plan and website to ensure the voices of North Carolina communities and families continue to be at the center of the department’s work. Inclusion Connects Inclusion Connects is an NCDHHS initiative to connect people with intellectual and developmental disabilities with more choices and access to services and supports, so they can live, work and play in their chosen communities. Data Dashboards, Action Plans/White Papers A central hub where you can view the current NCDHHS Data Dashboards and Action Plans/White Papers. What We Do The North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services manages the delivery of health and human-related services for all North Carolinians, especially our most vulnerable people – children, elderly, disabled and low-income families. The Department works closely with health care professionals, community leaders, advocacy groups, local, state and federal entities and many other stakeholders to make this happen. Learn more about the department . Local Social Services Office Each county in North Carolina has a local social services agency available to answer questions. They should also be your first call if you suspect a child is being abused or neglected. We're here to help you find contact information for your local county office. Assistance Child Care Provider Search Food and Nutrition Services Independent Living for People with Disabilities SVG Children's Services Deaf-Blind Services Disability Services Hearing Loss Low-Income Services Medicaid Mental Health and Substance Use Reproductive Health Services Refugee Services Division of Aging Guardianship Veteran's Services SVG Vision Loss Vital Records SVG Stay Updated Sign up to receive our latest press releases and newsletters on our News webpage Contact Information NC Department of Health and Human Services 2001 Mail Service Center Raleigh, NC 27699-2000 Customer Service Center: 1-800-662-7030 Visit RelayNC for information about TTY services. Follow Us Network Menu Employee Directory nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer & Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons