National Catholic Register A Service of EWTN News, Inc. EWTN News, Inc. is the world’s largest Catholic news organization, comprised of television, radio,
                print and digital media outlets, dedicated to reporting the truth in light of the Gospel and the
                Catholic Church. Newspaper National Catholic Register News Agencies Catholic News Agency CNA Deutsch ACI Africa ACI Afrique ACI Digital ACI Prensa ACI Stampa ACI Mena Digital Media ChurchPOP ChurchPOP Español ChurchPOP Italiano ChurchPOP Português TV & Radio EWTN News Indepth EWTN News Nightly EWTN Noticias EWTN Pro-life
                    Weekly Register Radio Vaticano World Over x x Search Jane Austen Carlo & Pier Giorgio Catholic Hubs Death Issue Jubilee 2025 Register Radio Job Board Subscribe Support the register Subscribe to our Print Edition -- Home -- Synod on Synodality Most Popular Publisher’s Note College Guide Register Radio -- News Blogs Commentaries Features Interviews Audio Video Cartoons Galleries -- Nation World Vatican Education Culture of Life Movies Arts & Entertainment Travel Saints Liturgy Books Editorials Publisher's Note Letters to the Editor -- Contact Us Support the Register Print subscriptions E-Newsletter Sign-up Job Board About Us Advertise EWTN Religious Catalogue National Catholic Register News Subscribe for just $49.95 $32.50! As 2025 Comes to a Close, Is Christian Unity Stalled? COMMENTARY: A century after the modern ecumenical movement began, recent events within the Anglican Communion in the Orthodox Church and the Orthodox Churches have halted plausible progress. Father Raymond J. de Souza Commentaries Related coverage Pope Leo’s First Apostolic Journey Delivers Real-World Results On the Gift of Life, Puerto Rico Points the Way The Editors Editorial New Jersey’s ‘Adopt-A-Sister’ Foundress Leaves Lasting Legacy Susan Klemond Nation Looking Back at 2025: Hope Shines Brightly Amid a Year of Transition and Turmoil Jonah McKeown News Who Is Vito Marcantonio, the Catholic Socialist Invoked by Zohran Mamdani? Paul James Macrae Commentaries A Rivalry Set Aside: Army Cadets and Navy Midshipmen Unite in Halftime Rosary Alyssa Murphy Blogs Jason Evert and Wife Crystalina Ask for Prayers After Son John Paul’s Cancer Diagnosis Alyssa Murphy Blogs Just Wars and Unjust Regimes Alberto M. Fernandez Commentaries Jesus Will See You Now: Adoration ‘Check-In’ and Scheduling Software a Boon for Parishes Jonah McKeown Features Catholics Pray for Speaker’s 5-Year-Old Son Now On Life Support, Calling on Venerable Fulton Sheen Alyssa Murphy Blogs Shifting Gears in Catholic Higher Ed: Belmont Abbey College’s Motorsport Program Races Ahead Our Christmas Mission Young Actors Inspired by Saint John Paul II Share the Good, True and Beautiful on Stage The Scriptures Jesus Knew: Stepping Into the World of the Dead Sea Scrolls Latest Search More Than 3 Million People Attended Vatican Audiences and Ceremonies in 2025 For Pope Leo XIV’s pontificate, which began on May 8, a total of 2,913,800 faithful attended various events. Almudena Martínez-Bordiú/ACI Prensa/CNA Vatican December 30, 2025 ‘Faith Must Be Lived Within a Community,’ Bishop Tells Historic Parish in Kenya In his homily, the bishop underlined the importance of strengthening the family at home, in Christian communities, and at the parish level. Agnes Aineah/CNA/Aci Africa World December 30, 2025 Pope Leo XIV Warns Against Gambling, Which ‘Ruins Many Families’ Pope Leo XIV focused his attention on certain realities that require special attention, such as the difficulties faced by families and young people as well as the loneliness of the elderly and the 'silent cry of the poor.' Almudena Martínez-Bordiú/CNA/Aci Prensa Vatican December 30, 2025 Thousands of Young Europeans Are Beginning the New Year at Ecumenical Gathering The program includes communal prayer in the large churches of Paris, various local initiatives, testimonies of hope, and workshops. Almudena Martínez-Bordiú/CNA/Aci Prensa World December 30, 2025 Rep. Tom Emmer Credits His Parents’ Example in Fostering Catholic Faith The congressman also opened up about his sister Bridget’s death from breast cancer, saying it made him question God’s will. Tyler Arnold/CNA Nation December 30, 2025 How Federal and State Abortion Policies Shifted in 2025 Abortion policy at the federal level shifted shortly after Trump took office, with the administration reinstating many policies from Trump’s first term that had been abandoned for four years under President Joe Biden’s administration. Tyler Arnold/CNA Nation December 30, 2025 Load more Voices Tim Clark Whose Relics Are Under Your Altar? Tito Edwards Why Catholics Should Learn to Dance, Your Guardian Angel Is Still on Duty, 5 Quotes From Newman on the Mass, God’s Right to Our Worship, and More Great Links! Richard C. Lukas A Christmas I Will Never Forget Christmas and the Tyranny of the Possible Joseph Pearce The Knight Before Christmas Matt D’Antuono Why Nietzsche’s Ears Were Deaf to the Word of the Cross Alexandra Greeley Why Tamales Belong on the Christmas Table Robert Klesko ‘People, Look East’: Thoughtful and Spiritually Impactful Reads Trending Jason Evert and Wife Crystalina Ask for Prayers After Son John Paul’s Cancer Diagnosis 4 Habits to Help You Get Along Better With Others Secularism, Security, and ‘Civilizational Erasure’ Why Catholics Should Learn to Dance, Your Guardian Angel Is Still on Duty, 5 Quotes From Newman on the Mass, God’s Right to Our Worship, and More Great Links! Young Actors Inspired by Saint John Paul II Share the Good, True and Beautiful on Stage 6 Catholic Public Figures Who Made Major Headlines in 2025 Enter Into the Holy Silence of the Christmas Octave Just Wars and Unjust Regimes Jesus Will See You Now: Adoration ‘Check-In’ and Scheduling Software a Boon for Parishes Shifting Gears in Catholic Higher Ed: Belmont Abbey College’s Motorsport Program Races Ahead Editor’s pick Enter Into the Holy Silence of the Christmas Octave 2025 Saw Expanded Access to Physician-Assisted Suicide Our Lady of Victory: Celebrating 100 Years of Venerable Nelson Baker’s Marian Basilica Pope Leo XIV: Christmas ‘Is a Feast of Hope’ Here’s Some Good News: The Jubilee of Hope Isn’t Over Yet Year in Review/Most Viewed Stories Social media Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Tools & Features E-Newsletters RSS Feeds Register News Widget Register Radio Podcast College Guide Print Subscriptions Subscribe Manage a Subscription Give a Subscription Order Bulk Subscriptions Marketplace Advertise Job Board EWTN Religious Catalogue More About Us Contact Us Support Us Archives Submissions Submit Letter to Editor Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025 EWTN News, Inc. All rights reserved. EIN 27-4581132 Reproduction of material from this website without written permission, or unlicensed commercial use or
          monetization of National Catholic Register RSS feeds is strictly prohibited. Subscription Options x Subscriber Service Center Already a subscriber? Renew or manage your subscription or gift subscription. My Account Subscribe for just $49.95 $32.50! Start your Register subscription today. Subscribe Now Give a Gift Subscription Bless friends, family or clergy with a gift of the Register. Order Now Order Bulk Subscriptions Get a discount on 6 or more copies sent to your parish, organization
              or school. Order Now Sign-up for E-Newsletter Get Register Updates sent daily or weeklyto your inbox. Sign Up