National Catholic Reporter | The Independent News Source Skip to main content Advertisement Search Search... Subscribe Renew Donate Menu News Vatican Culture Opinion Spirituality EarthBeat Global Sisters Report Subscribe Renew Donate Free Newsletters Sign up now NCR Default Section Menu Menu News Vatican Culture Opinion Spirituality EarthBeat Global Sisters Report Subscribe Renew Donate Search... Free Newsletters Sign up now NCR Mega-Menu Publications EarthBeat Stories of climate, crisis, faith and action Global Sisters Report Mission and ministry of Catholic women religious around the world GSR en español Comunicación al servicio de la vida religiosa Sections News Vatican Culture Opinion Spirituality Sunday Resources Advertising Classifieds Obituaries Advertise More Free Newsletters Contact Us Mission and Values Staff and Contributors Board of Directors Privacy Policy Help us deliver independent, lay-led Catholic journalism Donate Become a Member Subscribe Renew More Ways to Give Read our 2023 Donor Survey Immigration politics, popes and Charlie Kirk: NCR's top 10 most read opinion of 2025 News JD Vance, Charlie Kirk, Pope Leo XIV and Pope Francis were among the figures that NCR's columnists and contributors opined about in 2025. Stephanie Yeagle News EarthBeat news in 2025: Papal transition. US upheaval. Laudato Si' turns 10. Brian Roewe Opinion Pope Leo XIV's Christmas message breaks through with non-Catholics Michael Sean Winters The Latest December 30, 2025 Vatican agency says 17 churchworkers murdered in 2025 Cindy Wooden, Catholic News Service December 30, 2025 Political authority should embody humility, honesty, sharing, pope says Carol Glatz , Catholic News Service December 30, 2025 Q&A with Mary Casey O'Connor, who welcomes pregnant women into her convent Editors' Choice News A new pope, legacy of Francis: NCR's top 10 news stories of 2025 Stephanie Yeagle News As Holy Doors close, cardinals emphasize God's arms are always open Cindy Wooden, Catholic News Service NCR Voices Opinion Podcast: John Dear highlights visionary guests of 'The Nonviolent Jesus Podcast' Looking back at 2025: 10 noteworthy stories and series at GSR NCR Voices Opinion Looking back at 2025 in the life of the church Michael Sean Winters In Focus Pope Leo XIV: NCR's Newsmaker of the Year, 2025 The pontiff offers something rare: a pastor-leader urging the church to reclaim the dignity of every person — not as an abstract idea, but as the core of its public witness. NCR Editorial Staff Support journalism that matters. Your donation to NCR keeps independent Vatican news accessible to all. Donate Now Advertisement Most Read Stories #1 In pastoral letter, Charlotte's Bishop Martin ends altar rails for holy Communion Bishop Michael Martin wrote that his guidelines are to strengthen unity in worship, uphold the church's liturgical norms and encourage active participation by the faithful. By Patricia L. Guilfoyle , OSV News #2 Pope offers gentle critique of Vatican culture in Christmas greeting reminiscent of past Pope Leo XIV urged Vatican cardinals on Monday to put their ambitions of power and personal interests aside, as he followed in Pope Francis' footsteps and used a Christmas greeting to gently criticize his closest collaborators. By Nicole Winfield , Associated Press Guest Voices #3 Why the news leak about New York's change in archbishops should trouble Catholics "Playing havoc with Leo's appointment to replace Dolan looks like a disruptive move by those who realize that the U.S. church is at last aligning with Francis' and Leo's priorities," writes Steven P. Millies. By Steven P. Millies , Religion News Service #4 Church altar featuring homeless man goes on display a stone's throw from his grave at the Vatican #5 Why Hicks is the right choice for New York #6 'He's not ours anymore': Pope Leo XIV's brother on seeing a pope in the making Opinion Michael Sean Winters Pope Leo XIV's Christmas message breaks through with non-Catholics John Dear Podcast: John Dear highlights visionary guests of 'The Nonviolent Jesus Podcast' NCR Voices Michael Sean Winters Looking back at 2025 in the life of the church NCR Voices Arguably, the biggest story for the U.S. church this year was not the selection of Pope Leo XIV so much as the selection of new archbishops, which began when he was still a cardinal leading the Dicastery for Bishops. Yolanda Chávez Christmas is a child born in transit Steven P. Millies Religion News Service Why the news leak about New York's change in archbishops should trouble Catholics Guest Voices Michael Sean Winters A look back at the world of politics in 2025 NCR Voices As the year ends, much of American democracy seems to be in ruins with self-inflicted devastation, writes NCR's Michael Sean Winters. Advertisement Vatican Political authority should embody humility, honesty, sharing, pope says All power must be built on responsibility and service, Pope Leo XIV told local government leaders. Carol Glatz Catholic News Service The Leo Chronicles The Leo Chronicles: Naming rights The Leo Chronicles: No one is buying St. Peter's Basilica. By Pat Marrin Vatican News Pope Leo XIV urges the faithful on Christmas to shed indifference in the face of suffering Pope Leo XIV during his first Christmas Day message urged the faithful to shed indifference in the face of those who have lost everything, such as in Gaza, those who are impoverished, such as in Yemen, and the many migrants who cross the Mediterranean Sea and the American continent for a better future. By Silvia Stellacci , Colleen Barry , The Associated Press Vatican News To turn away others is to turn away God, pope says on Christmas Eve If people refuse to make room for others — like the poor, children and the stranger — then they also refuse to make room for God, Pope Leo XIV said as he celebrated the birth of Jesus. By Carol Glatz , Catholic News Service IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Pope thanks priests, encourages them to share responsibilities with laity Pope offers gentle critique of Vatican culture in Christmas greeting reminiscent of past Vatican News Pope Leo summons world's cardinals for key assembly to help him govern church EarthBeat EarthBeat news in 2025: Papal transition. US upheaval. Laudato Si' turns 10. With the death of Pope Francis, the introduction of Pope Leo XIV and major shifts in the U.S. away from climate and clean energy policies, there's no doubt 2025 has been a momentous year on the faith-and-environment beat. Brian Roewe Laudato Trees program in DC Archdiocese plants its 1,000th tree Just in time for the 10-year anniversary of Laudato Si' and Christmas, the independent, lay-led program has planted 1,000 trees throughout the archdiocese's massive geographic footprint — but they're not stopping yet. By Brian Roewe Parishes clean up damage, help those displaced by floods in Western Washington state Several parishes and schools across Western Washington have shut down operations due to historic flooding in the state. By OSV News 10 years ago, the world adopted the Paris Agreement on climate. NCR was there Assessing where the world stands with climate change a decade after the Paris Agreement is difficult. But in attempting to do so, it's important to remember, as many observed at the time, what it was: not the end of something, but rather a start. By Brian Roewe IN CASE YOU MISSED IT COP30 drew record Indigenous participation — but were their voices heard? Columns In Kenya, a fence builds hope and supports grassroots change UN climate summit in the Amazon falls short on fossil fuel phaseout plan Advertisement Culture 2025's films cast rescue as spiritual labor and ethical imperative These movies insist "that action, empathy and love are not abstract virtues: They are verbs. To seek, to carry, to fight for another is to embody a hope that is active, tangible and necessary." Jose Solís Book Reviews 'Twas a fight before Christmas in 1906, casting light on immigration past and present Scott Seligman's The Great Christmas Boycott of 1906 is a reality check, both for Republicans who believe past immigrants easily assimilated and Democrats who believe anti-immigrant hate has never been "who we are." By Tom Deignan 10 new Christmas movies for every holiday mood From romance to grief to horror, here are 10 must-watch holiday movies you can catch in theaters or on streaming right now. By Princess Jones Jane Austen, on her 250th birthday, has spiritual lessons for Christians today Jane Austen's faith resonates with practical 21st-century Christianity, whose adherents are eager to put the Gospel into action. When you think about it, her Christian understanding is surprisingly contemporary. By Nancy Fitzgerald IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Films tell story of African American Catholics' legacy, church's ministry to Native Americans A very Catholic 'Knives Out': Rian Johnson talks priests, forgiveness and complicated faith Sin, grace and absolution weave through 'Wake Up Dead Man' Global Sisters Report News Columns Arts & Media Community News Q&A GSR in the Classroom Columns I treasure my experience with the Indigenous tribes of India Living with the Adivasis has deepened my appreciation for cultural diversity and the importance of preserving Indigenous traditions, writes Sr. Molly Fernandes. Looking back at 2025: 10 noteworthy stories and series at GSR Global Sisters Report launched one of its most impactful series this year with "Out of the Shadows: Confronting Violence Against Women."  We also reported live in Rome at the funeral of Pope Francis and the conclave that elected Pope Leo XIV. By Stephanie Yeagle Columns The mystery of God unfolds in the Nativity scene While we think about our favorite crèche, and see all the players gathered, we know that on that very first Christmas everyone besides the Holy Family and that dear donkey were en route. By Q&A with Sr. Sabina Joseph, champion barefoot hurdler and lifelong PE teacher Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament Sr. Sabina Joseph has trained hundreds of students in athletics, helping many young people from rural families in India find confidence and opportunities. By IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Christmas is a headline, not a deadline Christmastime generosity brings light and hope for sisters' communities Sainthood effort begins for Mother Antonia, the nun who chose to bring Gospel behind bars Subscribe to NCR's Free Newsletters Enter your email address and select any of the newsletters below. Email address Daily Newsletters News Updates The latest news and feature articles EarthBeat Daily The latest EarthBeat articles, sent every morning Weekly newsletters Michael Sean Winters The nexus between religion and politics Culture Weekly NCR staff talk music, television, books, movies and more EarthBeat Weekly EarthBeat dives into the week's climate change news NCR Book Club Find your latest book to read Scripture for Life Reflections on the Sunday readings Sunday Resources Reflections on the readings sent two months ahead NCR Footer Sections NCR Sections News Vatican Culture Opinion Spirituality Sunday Resources NCR Channels EarthBeat Global Sisters Report Advertising Classifieds Obituaries Advertise NCR Footer Menu Ways to Give Give Now Become a Member A Culture of Giving Ways to Give Your NCR Legacy Our Donors Subscribe Subscribe to NCR Renew Subscription Free Newsletters eNCR and Kindle Edition Request a sample issue Contact Contact Us How to write for NCR Job Opportunities Letters to Editor Change your address Reprints About NCR About Mission & Values Privacy Policy Staff and Contributors Board of Directors National Catholic Reporter Follow Bluesky Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram TikTok Advertising Guidelines / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Site Map / Mailing Address: 115 E Armour Boulevard Kansas City, MO 64111 / Phone Number: +1-800-444-8910