NCSA College Recruiting: Get Recruited. Play College Sports. Top Suggestions Popular Links Workshops Name Image Likeness (NIL) NCAA Transfer Rules NCAA Scholarship Limits by Sport College Recruiting Guides Everything You Need to Know About JUCO Athlete Success Stories Looking to… Create a Recruiting Profile Contact NCSA Attend an Online Workshop NCAA Registration NCSA Reviews: Real Feedback from Athletes, Parents, Coaches What Does NCSA Cost? How to Get Recruited for College Sports How to Contact College Coaches College Camps, Combines, Showcases and Events #AddMoreAthletes Contact Us Log In NCSA College Recruiting Parents & Athletes College Coaches IMG Academy Essentials One-On-One Coaching IMG Academy Blackbaud Teamworks SchoolDoc Open Menu Services Student-Athletes Gain exposure to college coaches, get step-by-step guidance through the recruiting process, communicate directly with college coaches, access to development and tools to find the right college fit for you. College Coaches NCSA makes it easy to find the right recruits for your program on the largest recruiting network. We offer tools to simplify communication, track an athlete’s progress and an experienced staff dedicated to helping you succeed. Club & High School Coaches With NCSA’s recruiting and development education, group workshops and one-on-one coaching, your team can get access to the tools that can help each player perform at their best and navigate their future. Services Student-Athletes College Coaches Club & High School Coaches Connect Schedule Assessment Call Us Start a Chat Resources RESOURCES Everything student-athletes and their families need to navigate the recruiting and development process. View All Workshops > Expert Guidance College Recruiting Guides How to Get Recruited The Recruiting Process Contacting Coaches Recruiting Guide for Parents Scholarships Scholarship Facts Find Scholarships NCAA Eligibility NCAA Eligibility Center NCAA Eligibility Requirements NCAA Recruiting Rules NCAA Recruiting Calendars More Resources NAIA Eligibility Blog By Sport Women’s Sports Basketball Beach Volleyball Field Hockey Golf Gymnastics Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Men’s Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Coed Sports Cheerleading Resources By Sport Women’s Sports Basketball Golf Hockey Rowing Softball Tennis Volleyball Wrestling Beach Volleyball Field Hockey Gymnastics Lacrosse Soccer Swimming Track & Field Water Polo Men’s Sports Baseball Golf Lacrosse Soccer Tennis Volleyball Wrestling Basketball Football Hockey Rowing Swimming Track & Field Water Polo Coed Sports Cheerleading General Resources Expert Guidance College Recruiting Guides How to Get Recruited The Recruiting Process Contacting Coaches Recruiting Guide for Parents Scholarships Scholarship Facts Find Scholarships NCAA Eligibility NCAA Eligibility Center NCAA Eligibility Requirements NCAA Recruiting Rules NCAA Recruiting Calendars More Resources NAIA Eligibility Workshops Blog Connect Schedule Assessment Call Us Start a Chat Workshops Colleges COLLEGES Search every school in our database to find the one that fits for you. By Division NCAA Division 1 California Florida New York Texas NCAA Division 2 NCAA Division 3 NAIA Rankings By Sport Women’s Sports Basketball Beach Volleyball Field Hockey Golf Gymnastics Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Men’s Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Rowing Soccer Swimming Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Wrestling Coed Sports Cheerleading Colleges By Division NCAA Division 1 California Florida New York Texas NCAA Division 2 NCAA Division 3 NAIA By Sport Women’s Sports Basketball Golf Hockey Rowing Softball Tennis Volleyball Wrestling Beach Volleyball Field Hockey Gymnastics Lacrosse Soccer Swimming Track & Field Water Polo Men’s Sports Baseball Golf Lacrosse Soccer Tennis Volleyball Wrestling Basketball Football Hockey Rowing Swimming Track & Field Water Polo Coed Sports Cheerleading Rankings Connect Schedule Assessment Call Us Start a Chat Camps #AddMoreAthletes Contact Us Join Today Popular Links Workshops Name Image Likeness (NIL) NCAA Transfer Rules NCAA Scholarship Limits by Sport College Recruiting Guides Everything You Need to Know About JUCO Athlete Success Stories Join Free Today × Create My Profile Stand out to college coaches Attend free workshops Access our college coach directory Track college coach activity Find more schools that match your needs Get expert guidance Join Free Today Parents Start Here Athletes Start Here Confident. Connected. Recruited. Parents Start Here Athletes Start Here Secure Your Athletic Future NCSA offers customizable resources and coaching in college recruiting along with development from IMG Academy+. 4.35 million+ Total NCSA Athlete Profile Views by College Coaches in 2024 14 National Sports Governing Body Partners 40,000+ College Coaches Using NCSA 31,000+ NCSA Athlete College Commitments in 2024 All the Tools You Need to Achieve Your Goals Feel confident in your next step with educational content from NCSA. Workshops Questions To Ask College Coaches Register Blog Post A Parent's Guide To Junior Year Recruiting Read Now Recruiting Content Winter Recruiting Checklist Learn More Blog Post Behind The Scenes Of One Athlete's Journey Read More Guides College Recruiting Guide View Guides COLLEGE RECRUITING NCSA makes it easy for athletes to get noticed by college coaches. Members can directly message coaches, search for colleges that fit their preferences, upload highlight videos and transcripts and more. View Membership Options Developmental Coaching Become a better athlete and gain skills that extend beyond sports with the help of the experts at IMG Academy. Access on-demand drills, workshops and courses with IMG Academy+ Essentials and one-on-one coaching to empower student-athletes in the biggest moments. View Membership Options NCSA vs Do-It-Yourself You could DIY your college recruitment, but most families don’t have the time to devote toward everything necessary to get the results they desire. That is why thousands of parents, athletes and coaches trust the knowledge, expertise and proven success that NCSA’s college recruiting services offer. Do-It-Yourself Athlete profile on the #1 recruiting platform Exposure to the largest network of college coaches* College search tool to search and save colleges in one place* Get matched with and promoted to your best-fit colleges* Personalized Recruiting and Developmental Coaching from leading experts* See when college coaches open your direct message* *Available with premium memberships Get Help from NCSA > How Does NCSA Work? Recruiting Coach Heather Evans offers an overview on the recruiting process and the recruiting and developmental coaching available when you sign up for an NCSA profile. Meet Our Experts Having a coach takes the guesswork out of your personal development or recruiting goals. Meet Our Experts Coach | Jordan W. Recruiting Coach Former Division 3 football player and coach Coach | Lexis E. Mental Performance Coach Coach | Davide H. Senior Recruiting Coach Former Division 3 baseball player. Coach | Emily W. Mental Performance Coach Ph.D. in sports psychology with a specialization in youth sport parenting NCSA Helped More Than 31,000 Student-Athletes Commit To Play Their Sport In College in 2024 “I went from being off the radar to getting attention from college coaches from the D3-D1 level.” Earl Class of 2025 | Football “Coach Sue was terrific.” Kate Class of 2028 | Softball “I would never be able to navigate the college hockey landscape by myself.” Charlie Class of 2026 | Men’s Ice Hockey “I have gotten so many college looks and would definitely recommend NCSA to anyone!” Avelina Class of 2025 | Women’s Basketball “NCSA was with me every step of the recruiting process.” Reegan Class of 2024 | Women’s Volleyball “I have gotten so many opportunities I wouldn’t have gotten on my own.” Logan Class of 2028 | Men’s Basketball Pause Read More NCSA Reviews > NCSA is Built for Athletes, College Coaches and Club & High School Coaches STUDENT-ATHLETES Build Your Best Future Gain building blocks and knowledge that help in and out of sports and step by step guidance through your recruiting journey. Explore Memberships COLLEGE COACHES Recruit Your Best Team Find, track and communicate with athletes that are the right fit for your program. Simplify Your Recruiting CLUB & HS COACHES Help Your Athletes Get To The Next Level Give your athletes everything they need to reach their potential on your team and at the next level. Learn More Questions? We’ve Got Answers What is NCSA and what does NCSA do? NCSA College Recruiting is a team of more than 1,100 experts—mostly former college athletes and coaches—that helps student-athletes and their families navigate the college recruiting process. We provide a range of services to help student-athletes find the right college program for their academic and athletic goals. Learn more about NCSA . Why do I need a college recruiting service like NCSA? Becoming a collegiate athlete takes a lot of time and effort. Managing your own recruitment is possible, but many families find they don’t have enough time to do it effectively. That’s why thousands of parents, athletes, and coaches turn to NCSA for its proven expertise and successful track record in guiding the recruitment process. Sign up for free today ! Does NCSA help with athletic scholarships? Yes, NCSA can help. Finding scholarships can be a challenge, and knowing which ones you are eligible for can be even more difficult to figure out. We have scholarship resources to help you find the best opportunities, like our guide to athletic scholarships which includes everything you need to know about athletic scholarship offers and tips for getting them. Or you can search athletic scholarships here . How much does NCSA cost? Creating an online recruiting profile with NCSA is completely free. You will get access to over 40,000 college coaches actively searching for recruits, helpful recruiting content and expert advice, and free use of our interactive college search map. In addition, we provide several options to upgrade to some of our premium plans. View our membership page for more information. Can I Call NCSA? You can reach an NCSA recruiting expert by calling us at (866) 495-5172 or by emailing [email protected] . View our contact us page for more information. About About Us Reviews Our Experts Our Partners Careers All in Award Mobile Apps IMG Academy+ Mental Performance & Nutrition NCSA Athletic Recruiting © 2002-2025 NCSA College Recruiting All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices