Cookies on this site

We use some essential cookies to make this website work.

We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use our website so we can improve our services.

Accept optional cookies
Reject optional cookies
Manage Cookies (opens in a new tab)
Skip to main content
ABOUT NCSC
REPORT AN INCIDENT
CONTACT US
Home
Advice & guidance
Respond to a cyber attack
Find a product or service
Education & skills
News
The National Cyber Security Centre
Making the UK the safest place to live and work online.
Experienced a cyber attack?

Find resources to help you or your organisation to recover.

Popular content for you & your family
GUIDANCE
Shopping and paying safely online
Tips to help you purchase items safely and avoid fraudulent websites.
GUIDANCE
Managing your passwords
Why you should use a password manager to ‘remember’ your passwords for you.
GUIDANCE
Data breaches: guidance for individuals and families
How to protect yourself from the impact of data breaches
Latest content...
INFORMATION
Cyber Essentials Supply Chain Playbook
This guide will help you protect your business from cyber attacks by supporting you to embed Cyber Essentials in your supply chain.
BLOG POST
Cyber deception trials: what we’ve learned so far
An update on the NCSC's trials to test the real-world efficacy of cyber deception solutions.
BLOG POST
Updating our guidance on security certificates, TLS and IPsec
The NCSC has updated 3 key pieces of cryptographic guidance. Here, we explain the changes.
Cyber Security and Resilience Bill

New proposals will combat the growing threat to UK critical national infrastructure (CNI).

Learn more about the Bill in our blog
Cyber resilience

Resources for organisations and individuals to help them recover from a cyber attack, and improve their cyber resilience.

Advice for sole traders and small organisations to respond to cyber attacks
Advice for medium to large organisations to help respond to a cyber incident
Advice for individuals to respond to an online scam or cyber attack
Find guidance and resources for . . .
You & your family
Self employed & sole traders
Small & medium sized organisations
Large organisations
Public sector
Cyber security professionals
Free cyber security toolkit

Our free Cyber Action Toolkit helps sole traders and small businesses take simple steps to protect against cyber criminals.


Try the toolkit now
Popular content for organisations
BLOG POST
Trusting the tech: using password managers and passkeys to help you stay secure online
How today’s secure tools simplify your digital life, and reduce login stress and password fatigue
SECTION
Cyber Governance for Boards
Resources to enable Boards to govern cyber risks with confidence.
COLLECTION
Cyber Assessment Framework
The CAF is a collection of cyber security guidance for organisations that play a vital role in the day-to-day life of the UK, with a focus on essential functions.
Toughen up your business's online security with 2-step verification. 

 

Turn on 2-step verification now
Content by topic
Active Cyber Defence
Cyber assessment framework
Critical National Infrastructure (CNI)
Cyber strategy
Devices
Education
Passwords
Phishing
Follow us
ABOUT THIS WEBSITE
Privacy notice
Cookies
Accessibility
Terms & conditions
Social media policy
CONTACT THE NCSC
Report an incident
Report suspicious messages or websites
Verify an NCSC contact
Report a vulnerability
Contact the press office
Can't find what you're looking for?
USEFUL LINKS
GCHQ
MI5
SIS
NPSA
GOV.UK