Skip to main content Skip to Sign-In
Contact Us
Find a Branch and ATM
Rates & Fees
Lending Rates
Share & Deposit Account Rates
Account & Lending Fees
FAQs
Routing Number: 253177049
Toggle Navigation
Accounts
Credit Cards
Credit Cards (View All)
Cash Rewards Visa® Credit Card
Points Rewards Visa® Credit Card
Classic Visa® Credit Card
Credit Card Rewards
Everyday Spending
Everyday Spending (View All)
Checking Account
Debit Cards
CashPoints® Global
Visa® Gift Card
Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts (View All)
Share Account
Money Market Share Account
Share Term Certificates
Health Savings Account
Retirement Savings
Education Savings
Holiday Cash Club Account
Summer Cash Account
Investment Accounts
Investment Accounts (View All)
CUIS / SBS Business Continuity Plan
Accounts for Kids & Teens
Accounts for Kids & Teens (View All)
FAT CAT® Share Account
Zard® Accounts
Automated Account Services
Automated Account Services (View All)
ASK SECU
CashPoints® ATM
Direct Deposit
Funds Transfer
Overdraft Transfer Service
Payroll Deduction
Wire Transfer
Loans
Mortgages
Mortgages (View All)
Adjustable Rate Mortgages (ARM)
Fixed Rate Mortgages
Home Equity Line of Credit
Mortgage Refinancing
Special Mortgage Programs
Mortgage Resources
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Personal Loans (View All)
Signature Loans
Salary Advance Loans
Share-Secured Loans
Term Notes
Credit Cards
Credit Cards (View All)
Cash Rewards Visa® Credit Card
Points Rewards Visa® Credit Card
Classic Visa® Credit Card
Credit Card Rewards
Planning & Insurance
Insurance
Insurance (View All)
Auto & Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Annuities
Medicare Plans
Travel Insurance
Pet Insurance
Estate Planning
Estate Planning (View All)
Estate Planning Essentials
Trust Services
Investment Accounts
Investment Accounts (View All)
CUIS / SBS Business Continuity Plan
Retirement Planning
Financial Empowerment
Fiduciary Resource Guides
Digital Services
Mobile Services
Mobile Services (View All)
Alerts
Mobile App
Mobile Payments
One Time Passcode
Two-Way Text Messaging
Online Services
Online Services (View All)
BillPay
FICO® Score
Member Access
Real-Time Loan Advance
Statements
Visa® Credit Card Balance Transfer
Visa® Credit Card Cash Advance
Quicken Download
Online Security
Resources & Tools
Learning Hub
Calculators
Join
Search
Close
What can we help you find?
Conduct a search 
When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
Clear 
Submit
Popular searches
Mortgages
Credit cards
Auto loans
Calculate card rewards
Mobile App
Savings account
Sign in
Member Access
Close
User ID 
Remember me
 Remember me
Password 
Sign in

Sign in with the SECU Mobile App*

Sign in with Member Access

*You will be redirected to your app marketplace.


Enroll in Member Access

Forgotten Password

Online Security

New Year’s DayShowHide

On Thursday, January 1st, Credit Union branches will be closed in observance of New Year’s Day. During this time, Member Access, SECU Mobile App, Voice Response, and CashPoints® ATMs will be available. If you need assistance, please contact Member Services Support at (888) 732-8562.

Extend your first auto loan payment

Get a new or used vehicle loan and extend your first payment for up to 90 days.1 

Estimate rate Start application

Our Account Rules and Regulations and Fees and Terms disclosures will be updated, effective January 2, 2026. Access Account Disclosures for current versions.

How can we help you?
Savings accounts
Aspire for more

Our savings accounts offer competitive rates and help you manage the everyday, the unexpected, and the future.

Learn more Join SECU
Everyday spending accounts
Manage your money and everyday expenses

Access your money where and when you need it and earn dividends with an SECU Checking Account. Move money, pay bills, set up account alerts, and more.

Learn more
Visa® credit cards
Get spending confidence from your trusted Credit Union

An SECU Visa credit card is a top choice for purchases and balance transfers. Plus, convenience and security features come standard.

Learn more
Personal loans
Gain financial flexibility so you can find a path forward

Explore a range of options that fit your budget, timeline, and goals. Members get competitive rates and outstanding personalized support.

Apply now Learn more
Mortgages
Find the right mortgage from a lender you can trust

Confidently navigate choices, whether you’re buying a first home, refinancing, or tapping into equity. Members get the care and support they need to put home goals into focus.

Apply now Learn more
Why choose SECU?
We’re a cooperative owned by you, our members

As a not-for-profit member-owned cooperative, we are focused on providing you with the best products and services for your financial success. 

We’ve been a trusted financial provider since 1937

Grounded in the credit union philosophy of People Helping People®, SECU is committed to meeting the needs of our members and communities. That commitment will never change.

We’re here every step of the way

We provide products and services designed for every stage of your financial journey.

See membership eligibility
A lot can change in a year

Major milestones can mean major adjustments to your finances and your taxes. Our Financial Planning Guide helps explain what to consider.

Download guide
Check out SECU Checking

Help meet your everyday spending needs with budget-friendly benefits designed to provide value, confidence, and peace of mind.

Learn more
Help with job loss and financial hardship

Explore SECU guidance and resources to assist during job loss and financial hardship.

Learn more
Hear from our members

Members share how we’re serving our members and communities of North Carolina.

“I appreciate the care you take with me and my family. My son was able to get the best interest rate on a car loan through SECU. Joining your credit union was the best financial decision our family has ever made. Thank you!”

“SECU has provided me with financial security, but more importantly, people who kindly and wisely answer questions and help me navigate all financial situations. SECU is one of the very best aspects of being a retired schoolteacher.’’

“SECU is truly a community- and member-focused organization. My family has lived in multiple North Carolina locations, and every branch has been wonderful.’’

$57 billion
in assets
2.9 million
members
275
branch locations
1,100
ATMs
Related resources

article

Compare SECU Credit Cards
Watch our video to help you choose the best SECU credit card for your needs.
Read article

article

How To Claim Points Rewards
Watch our tutorial on redeeming rewards with your Points Rewards Visa® Credit Card.
Read article
View all learning resources
“Best Credit Unions in North Carolina for Member Service 2024”
Money.com
“2024 Plan Sponsor of the Year Total Retirement Offering”
PLANSPONSOR®
“Best-in-State Credit Unions in North Carolina”
2018-2024, Forbes Magazine
Want to join SECU?
See membership eligibility
Disclosures

Interest begins to accrue from the date of loan origination. The option to extend the first loan payment up to 90 days from the date of origination is only available for new and used vehicle loans originated between December 1, 2025, and January 31, 2026, including loans originated through SECU’s Auto Power program provided the vehicle is purchased between December 1, 2025, and January 31, 2026. This option is not available for refinancing of any existing SECU vehicle loan.

Newsroom
Account Disclosures
Annual Report
Newsletters
News Releases
View all newsroom >>
Branch Services
Coin Redemption
Foreign Currency
Notary & Signature Guarantee
Safe Deposit Boxes
Shred Days
United States Savings Bonds
View all branch services >>
Contact Us
(888) 732-8562
Find a branch or ATM
info@ncsecu.org
View all contacts >>
About Us
Annual Meeting
Board of Directors
Calendar
Careers
Community Impact
Corporate Information
Membership Eligibility
SECU Financial Status
Learn more about us >>
Calculators
Auto Loan Payment
Mortgage Payment
Loan Payment
View all calculators >>
Related Sites
NC Lifetime Income
SECU Foundation
SECU*RE Rental Housing Locator
Connect with SECU
opens in a new tab opens in a new tab opens in a new tab opens in a new tab
Download Acrobat Readeropens in a new tab
Accessibility
Sitemap
Privacy
HMDA
Equal Housing Opportunity
NMLS#430055
Legal
Terms of Use
CA Notice at Collection
Federally Insured by NCUA

State Employees’ Credit Union conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collection, marketing, and informational materials are provided in English only. As a service to our members, we will attempt to assist those who have limited English proficiency where possible.

SECU will not ask for personal information such as online credentials, account numbers, or card numbers via email, voice or text messaging.


©2026 State Employees' Credit Union


Back To Top
You are being redirected from our site

You are now leaving the Credit Union website. The website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the Credit Union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the Credit Union. The Credit Union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. If you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.

Continue to site Return to www.ncsecu.org
You are being redirected from our site

Please be advised that State Employees' Credit Union is responsible for the content we post to our social media sites. For more detailed information, please review our Terms of Use: Website and Social Media Accountsopens in a new tab.

You are now leaving the Credit Union website. The website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the Credit Union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the Credit Union. The Credit Union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. If you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.

Continue to site Return to www.ncsecu.org
You are being redirected from our site

The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) data about our residential mortgage lending are available for review. The data shows geographic distribution of loans and applications; ethnicity, race, sex, age, and income of applicants and borrowers; and information about loan approvals and denials. These data are available online at the consumer Financial Protection Bureau's website (www.consumerfinance.gov/hmdaopens in a new tab). HMDA data for many other Financial institutions are also available at this website.

You are now leaving the Credit Union website. The website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the Credit Union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the Credit Union. The Credit Union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. If you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.

Continue to site Return to www.ncsecu.org
You are being redirected from our site

The website you are accessing is for clients of Credit Union Investment Services, Inc. (CUIS), an Investment Adviser registered with the State of North Carolina. CUIS offers investment advisory services to North Carolina residents. Securities are offered through SECU Brokerage Services, Inc., Member FINRA / SIPC. Investments are not NCUA insured, are not guaranteed by or obligations of any credit union or its affiliates, and may lose value including the principal amount invested.

The website you are accessing is maintained by a third party that CUIS has engaged to provide online access (the CUIS Portal) to information about your investment accounts with CUIS. The third party’s website presents its own terms, conditions and privacy and security policies, which may differ from those of the Credit Union.

If you have not yet registered for the CUIS Client Portal, please contact your investment representative or our Financial Advisory Services Contact Center at (800) 451-5467 so that we may invite you to register.

Continue to site Return to www.ncsecu.org