The National Child Traumatic Stress Network | Jump to navigation What is Child Trauma? About Child Trauma Trauma Types Populations at Risk Treatments and Practices Trauma Treatments Screening and Assessment Psychological First Aid and SPR Trauma-Informed Care Trauma-Informed Systems Core Curriculum on Childhood Trauma Culture and Trauma Families and Trauma Family-Youth-Provider-Partnerships Secondary Traumatic Stress Trauma-Informed Organizational Assessment Resources All NCTSN Resources Training Información en Español Public Awareness Web Features About Us Who We Are Structure and Governance Network Members Strategic Partnerships Policy Issues Position Statements About This Website Contact Us GET HELP NOW Back to top Homepage OUR MISSION is to raise the standard of care and improve access to services for traumatized children, their families and communities throughout the United States. DEFINING CHILD TRAUMATIC STRESS The Latest Supporting Children and Teens Who Experienced Loss During This Holiday Season Age-Related Reactions to a Traumatic Event Hurricane Preparedness for New and Expectant Parents The Power of Parenting: Helping Your Child After a Family Homicide Loss Major Events Hurricane Resources Wildfire Resources Mass Violence Resources PFA and SPR Trauma Types Bullying Bullying is a deliberate and unsolicited action that occurs with the intent of inflicting social, emotional, physical, and/or psychological harm to someone who often is perceived as being less powerful. view Complex Trauma Complex trauma describes both children’s exposure to multiple traumatic events—often of an invasive, interpersonal nature—and the wide-ranging, long-term effects of this exposure. These events are severe and pervasive, such as abuse or profound neglect. view Disasters Natural disasters include hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, wildfires, tsunamis, and floods, as well as extreme weather events such as blizzards, droughts, extreme heat... view Traumatic Grief While many children adjust well after a death, other children have ongoing difficulties that interfere with everyday life and make it difficult to recall positive memories of their loved ones. view View All Trauma Treatments Child and Family Traumatic Stress Intervention CFTSI is a brief (5-8 session), evidence-based early mental health treatment specifically developed for implementation with children, adolescents, and their caregivers during the acute phase of trauma  response, after a recent traumatic event... view Trauma-Focused Cognitive Behavioral Therapy TF-CBT is an evidence-based treatment to address youth (ages 3-18 years) posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and related difficulties. view Alternatives for Families - A Cognitive Behavioral Therapy AF-CBT is a trauma-informed, evidence-based treatment designed to improve the relationships between children and caregivers. view Integrative Treatment of Complex Trauma for Adolescents ITCT-A is a component-based, assessment-driven, multi-modal treatment for traumatized adolescents (aged 12 to 21 years) and their families. view View All Trauma-Informed Care Schools Children's reactions to trauma can interfere considerably with learning and behavior at school. Schools serve as a critical system of support for children who have experienced trauma. view Justice Children who come to the attention of the juvenile justice system are a challenging and underserved population, with high rates of exposure to trauma. view Child Welfare In any given year, approximately one million children come to the attention of the U.S. child welfare system. Many are victims of abuse or neglect, live with caregivers who are impaired, and/or deal with school and community violence as a fact of life. view Families and Trauma All families experience trauma differently. Some factors such as a child’s age or the family’s culture or ethnicity may influence how the family copes and recovers from a traumatic event. Trauma changes families as they work to survive and adapt to their circumstances and environment. view View All NCTSN Resources Rosie Remembers Mommy: Forever in Her Heart Video Resource Description Brings to life the story of Rosie, a young girl who is struggling after the death of her mother. This video walks you through Rosie's story and illustrates how a parent can provide solace and support to a child after the death of a loved one. view Psychological First Aid (PFA) Online Resource Description Includes a 5-hour interactive course that puts the participant in the role of a provider in a post-disaster scene. This course is for individuals new to disaster response who want to learn the core goals of PFA, as well as for seasoned practitioners who want a review. view Talking About Suicide with Friends and Peers Resource Description Provides information to support youth talking about suicide with friends and peers. This fact sheet includes what you can do, action words, skills for getting help, as well as myths and facts about how to help as a peer. This resource is most helpful for youth ages 12 and older. view Preparando a los niños después de que los incendios forestales hayan dañado su comunidad Resource Description Offers guidance to parents and caregivers on deciding whether or not a child should return to their home or neighborhood after it was damaged in a wildfire. Translated 2024. view View All Resources By Audience Families and Caregivers Child Welfare Professionals Justice System Professionals School Personnel Healthcare Providers Youth Policy Makers Join the Conversation National Child Traumatic Stress Network View this profile on Instagram NCTSN (@ nctsn ) • Instagram photos and videos Back to top CONTACT US ABOUT THIS WEBSITE SITE MAP PRIVACY DISCLAIMER THE LEARNING CENTER Offers FREE continuing education (CE) credits and e-learning resources. CONNECT WITH US The NCTSN is funded by the Center for Mental Health Services (CMHS), Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and jointly coordinated by UCLA and Duke University. The views, policies, and opinions expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SAMHSA or HHS. What is Child Trauma? About Child Trauma Trauma Types Bullying Effects NCTSN Resources Community Violence Effects NCTSN Resources Complex Trauma Effects Screening and Assessment Interventions NCTSN Resources Disasters Earthquake Resources Extreme Heat Resources Flood Resources Hurricane Resources Landslide Resources COVID-19 Resources Tornado Resources Tsunami Resources Wildfire Resources Windstorm Resources Winter Storm Resources Early Childhood Trauma Effects Screening and Assessment Interventions NCTSN Resources Intimate Partner Violence Effects Interventions NCTSN Resources Medical Trauma Effects NCTSN Resources Physical Abuse Effects Interventions NCTSN Resources Race-Based Trauma NCTSN Resources Refugee Trauma About Refugees Effects Screening and Assessment Interventions NCTSN Resources External Resources Sexual Abuse Effects Interventions NCTSN Resources External Resources Sex Trafficking About Child Sex Trafficking Effects Screening, Identification, and Assessment NCTSN Resources External Resources Terrorism and Violence School Shooting Resources Mass Violence Resources NCTSN Resources Traumatic Grief Effects Interventions NCTSN Resources Populations at Risk Trauma and Substance Use NCTSN Resources Economic Stress NCTSN Resources Military and Veteran Families NCTSN Resources Youth Who Experience Homelessness NCTSN Resources LGBTQ Youth NCTSN Resources Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities NCTSN Resources Treatments and Practices Trauma Treatments Overview Interventions Screening and Assessment Trauma Screening Trauma-Informed Mental Health Assessment NCTSN Resources Measure Reviews All Measure Reviews Usage and Glossary Psychological First Aid and SPR About PFA About SPR NCTSN Resources Trauma-Informed Care Trauma-Informed Systems Child Welfare Essential Elements NCTSN Resources Children's Advocacy Centers NCTSN Resources External Resources Healthcare Essential Elements NCTSN Resources Justice Essential Elements NCTSN Resources Schools Essential Elements NCTSN Resources Trauma-Informed Pediatric Psychiatry Child Trauma Training NCTSN Resources Core Curriculum on Childhood Trauma What is the CCCT? 12 Core Concepts for Understanding Childhood Traumatic Stress Collaborative Experiential Learning CCCT Facilitation Frequently Asked Questions NCTSN Resources Culture and Trauma Introduction NCTSN Resources Families and Trauma Introduction NCTSN Resources Family-Youth-Provider-Partnerships Introduction NCTSN Resources Secondary Traumatic Stress Introduction NCTSN Resources Trauma-Informed Organizational Assessment What is Trauma-Informed Care and Why It Matters? What are the Domains and Items of the NCTSN TIOA? Why Work With an NCTSN TIOA Coach? What are the Pathways for Using the NCTSN TIOA? What Do Organizations Say About Implementing the NCTSN TIOA? How Do I Get Started? Frequently Asked Questions Resources All NCTSN Resources Training Webinars e-Learning Courses Training Curricula Información en Español Public Awareness National Domestic Violence Awareness Month National Homeless Youth Awareness Month National Substance Abuse Prevention Month Web Features About Us Who We Are Structure and Governance National Center Steering Committee Advisory Board Affiliate Program Network Members Strategic Partnerships Policy Issues NCTSN Resources External Resources Position Statements About This Website Contact Us Get Help Now For the Media NCTSN Resources