NCUA Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Help With My Credit Union Español Contact Us About About Created by the U.S. Congress in 1970, the National Credit Union Administration is an independent federal agency that insures deposits at federally insured credit unions, protects the members who own credit unions, and charters and regulates federal credit unions. Mission & Values Leadership Speaker Request Form Historical Timeline Workplace Resolutions Careers Business Opportunities Open Government Inspector General Budget & Performance AskNCUA Regulation & Supervision Regulation & Supervision The NCUA protects the safety and soundness of the credit union system by identifying, monitoring and reducing risks to the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund. Backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, the Share Insurance Fund provides up to $250,000 of federal share insurance to millions of account holders in all federal credit unions and the overwhelming majority of state-chartered credit unions. Letters to Credit Unions & Other Guidance Examination Program Rulemakings & Proposals for Comment Legal Opinions Rules & Regulations Regulatory & Compliance Resources Supervisory Review Committee Board Appeals Corporate Credit Unions Regulatory Reporting Manuals & Guides Examination Modernization Initiatives CUSO Activities Analysis Analysis The NCUA’s economists and analysts compile data on the credit union system’s financial performance, merger activity, changes in credit union chartering and fields of membership, as well as broader economic trends affecting credit unions. Users can find information on a single credit union or analyze broader nation-wide trends. Credit Union & Corporate Call Report Data Chartering & Mergers CUSO & Economic Data Research a Credit Union National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund Financial Overview and Performance Support Services Support Services The NCUA provides a number of support services to the credit union system, such as providing training, grants and loans, chartering, and field-of-membership services; maintaining the health and stability of Share Insurance Fund; managing the assets of failed credit unions; and providing emergency liquidity. ACCESS Credit Union Resources & Expansion Conservatorships & Liquidations Share Insurance Fund Corporate System Resolution Guaranteed Notes Program Central Liquidity Facility Consumers Consumers The NCUA works to protect credit union members and consumers, raise awareness of potential frauds, facilitate access to affordable financial services, and educate consumers on the importance of savings and how they can improve their financial well-being. Consumer Assistance Center Fraud Prevention Center Share Insurance Coverage MyCreditUnion.gov Credit Union Locator News News Stay up to date on the NCUA's activities by subscribing to the NCUA's Express messages. Read press releases, speeches, testimony, and Annual Reports. Register for upcoming conferences and events. Press Releases Speeches & Testimonies Deregulation Project Publications & Reports Board Meetings, Agendas, & Results Events Enforcement Actions Budget & Supplementary Materials Downloadable Graphics Cybersecurity Resources Cybersecurity Resources Cyberattacks and cybersecurity vulnerabilities pose significant risks to the financial system. Because of vulnerabilities within the credit union industry and the broader financial system to potential cyberattacks, cybersecurity is one of the NCUA’s top supervisory priorities and a top-tier risk under the agency’s enterprise risk-management program. NCUA’s Information Security Examination and Cybersecurity Assessment Program ACET and Other Assessment Tools Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) Cyber Incident Reporting Guide Report a Cybersecurity Incident NCUA’s Regulations and Guidance References & Resources Search The National Credit Union Administration NCUA Charters Haven Federal Credit Union News Press Release / Dec 31, 2025 NCUA Prohibits Three Individuals from Participating in the Affairs of Any Federally Insured Depository Institution Press Release / Dec 23, 2025 NCUA Announces Second Round of Deregulation Proposals Press Release / Dec 18, 2025 NCUA Board Approves Budget; Receives Update on Share Insurance Fund Press Release / Dec 17, 2025 NCUA Releases Q3 2025 State-level Credit Union Data Report All News Regulatory Guidance Letter to Credit Unions / Sep 25, 2025 Elimination of Reputation Risk Letter to Credit Unions / Sep 04, 2025 Removal of Disparate Impact Letter to Federal Credit Unions / Feb 13, 2025 Federal Credit Union Post-Examination Survey Letter to Federal Credit Unions / Feb 11, 2025 Federal Credit Union Operating Fee Schedule for 2025 Letter to Credit Unions / Feb 11, 2025 Exam Scheduling Policy Changes All Guidance AskNCUA Submit questions, comments, or recommendations Report a Cybersecurity Incident Go to the Cyber Reporting Form Tools & Services CUOnline A web-based program used by credit unions and state supervisory agencies to submit and certify operational and quarterly financial information to the NCUA. CUOnline contains two sections: the Profile and Call Report. Rulemakings and Proposals for Comment A complete list of the NCUA’s proposed rules and regulations and the comments received from 2008 to present day. Credit Union Locator Search for a credit union by address, credit union name or charter number. Select a credit union from your search results and view basic information. National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund Created by Congress in 1970 to insure members' deposits in federally insured credit unions. Administrative Orders Formal enforcement orders issued by the NCUA pursuant to Section 206 of the Federal Credit Union Act. Events Calendar Deadline / 2026-02-09 Comments on Deregulation Project Proposals Due Feb. 9 Deadline / 2026-02-27 Comments on Deregulation Project Proposals Due Feb. 27 All Events Features Share Insurance Estimator The NCUA's Share Insurance Estimator lets consumers, credit unions, and their members know how its share insurance rules apply to member share accounts—what's insured and what portion, if any, exceeds coverage limits. Your Money is Safe in Federally Insured Credit Unions Federally insured credit unions offer a safe place for you to save your money, with deposits insured up to at least $250,000 per individual depositor. Examiner's Guide The Examiner's Guide offers information about the examination and supervision process that credit unions may find useful. Data & Insights View More Financial Performance Reports Provides a financial summary for a credit union, including assets, liabilities and capital, and income and expenses. Research a Credit Union Provides users the ability to view general information for a specific credit union and download Call Reports and Profile information. Quarterly Performance Data Summary Provides an overview of the financial performance of federally insured credit unions based on information reported to the agency each quarter. Quarterly U.S. Map Review Covers several key indicators of the financial health and viability of federally insured credit unions across the U.S. by state. Merger Activity and Insurance Report Provides statistics for charter conversions, mergers, and field-of-membership expansions processed by the NCUA. Credit Union and Bank Interest Rates Compares the national average rates for 23 common loan and deposit products at banks and credit unions. Site Index Stay Informed Get Started Our Sites MyCreditUnion.gov Trusted resource for consumer financial protection information. Share Insurance Learn about credit union fund insurance. Research a Credit Union View information for a specific credit union, download Call Reports, and request Financial Performance Reports. Credit Union Locator Find a credit union by address, credit union name, or charter number. About NCUA Accessibility AskNCUA Careers FOIA Inspector General No Fear Act Privacy USA.gov Vulnerability Disclosure Website Feedback