Skip To Content
Skip To Navigation
Skip To Search
University of Notre Dame
Academics
Admissions
Research
Global
Faith
Community
About
Language
EN
2025 year in review

Explore selected stories, news, and sights from the past year under the Golden Dome.

Where challenge meets hope.

Notre Dame scholars and researchers pursue breakthroughs for a world in need.

United by our commitment to the common good, the global Notre Dame community builds bridges between the world we know and the world we desire. What would you fight for? For us, it is not just a question. It's a call to action.

Community regeneration

Gary, Indiana, has been a song lyric, a cultural hub, a stigma, a city to rush past, but now it is poised to revitalize, thanks in part to Notre Dame's School of Architecture.

Educating children in Ghana

Soccer opened doors for student-athlete Daniel Boateng, so he's leveraging the sport to offer opportunities for kids in his native Ghana.

Brain cancer

To better understand glioblastoma, an aggressive brain cancer, a Notre Dame researcher thought outside the box—and off planet Earth.

Maternal health

The US has the highest maternal mortality rate of developed nations. An innovative postpartum care model from Notre Dame can save mothers around the globe.

Faster virus detection

An electronic nose developed by Notre Dame researchers is helping sniff out bird flu biomarkers for faster detection and fewer sick birds.

Improving hurricane forecasts

Researchers at Notre Dame are improving hurricane forecast accuracy, giving officials time to evacuate and protect residents.

Addressing pressing challenges

Discovery at Notre Dame is grounded in ethical inquiry and a commitment to human flourishing. Across disciplines, our faculty and students are leading where they are needed most, working with partners around the globe to bring scholarship to bear on the world’s most urgent challenges.

Explore stories of Notre Dame’s impact:
Faith and service
Global
Health
Arts and humanities
Science and technology
What makes us distinctive
Academic excellence

At Notre Dame, academic rigor and ethical reflection go hand in hand—preparing students to meet complex global challenges.

Academics

Catholic
Research
Global
Community
 Official Podcast
A human-centered framework for AI ethics

December 4, 2025

New tech to help stop the spread of bird flu

November 5, 2025

Improving hurricane forecasts

October 01, 2025

Notre Dame as a leading research university

March 22, 2024

HIGHLIGHTED VIDEOS

Moments at Notre Dame
In the presence of Giants: Notre Dame is helping share the legacy of underrepresented baseball teams
A Perilous Journey: Economics students witness the challenges of migration in Mexico
Hometown in Crisis: How opioids devastated a community
A Watershed Moment: The growing threat of PFAS on our shores
Alec's Story: How Notre Dame supports rare disease research
80 years after Hiroshima and Nagasaki: Notre Dame student reflections
2025 year in photos
From the changing built environment to the changing seasons, every one of the 365 days of 2025 looked different. Notre Dame photographers have to be ready when the lightning strikes—sometimes literally!

“We aspire to become the leading global Catholic research university—called to push the frontiers of human knowledge and cultivating, in the words of our mission statement, ‘a disciplined sensibility to the poverty, injustice, and oppression that burden the lives of so many.’”

Rev. Robert A. Dowd, C.S.C.

President

University of Notre Dame

Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA
41.703234 -86.238985

Phone: (574) 631-5000

Contact

 Facebook
 X/Twitter
 Instagram
 YouTube
 LinkedIn
News
Stories
Events
Giving
Alumni
Athletics
Common Searches
Majors and Programs
Tuition and Financial Aid
Colleges and Schools
Undergraduate Admissions
Human Resources
Careers
Study Abroad
Registrar
Visiting Campus
Visit Notre Dame
Hammes Bookstore
Campus Map
Campus Tour
ND Mobile App
Parking
Experience ND
Morris Inn
Popular on Campus
Academic Calendar
InsideND
Directory
Canvas
Hesburgh Library
Campus Dining
RecSports
Basilica Schedule
Light/Dark

© 2025 University of Notre Dame

Policies & Resources
Accessibility
Emergency
Closed Captioning
Notice of Non-Discrimination