NDM Systems Company Products & Services Contacts 11 533 833 households use our products to access internet IntelliQoS application and device aware DPI with updates from the cloud IPsec professional grade performance on home grade hardware NDM SYSTEMS NDM is a smart router software company that offers best in class solution for retail Wi-Fi products with simple and intuitive management app backed by cloud infrastructure for support and analytics. Our solution targets retail customers with home and soho applications in mind. Our mission is to empower networking vendors in their fight for the market share and margin 25 inspired engineers 11.5M households and growing 2010 development started Career Opportunities Product Manager Linux C/C++ Developer QA Automation Expert Product Manager The Goal: NDM Systems’ position of Product Manager is a key for entering the professional Wi-Fi systems market. Working as a bridge between Sales&Marketing force and Product development teams, the Product Manager should build his/her vision on Product Owner’s current prospective. Translate the Product Owner's vision to all teams to achieve the maximum effectiveness of all processes and people involved. Provide timely, accurate and complete feedback to the company senior management. Scope: Initially, be involved into product creation: together with the Product team to deliver product strategies and planning, including Product Requirements Document (PRD); deliver workflow management for both Business and Product teams; maintain product roadmap; communicate with developers, designers, and other related departments; monitor customer feedback. On a later stage: set a profit goal for the product; develop and implement product strategy and development planning; analyze the user needs and feedback; communicate with senior department and provide the report of product progress; supervise the project management; promote and introduce the product for the later period. Requirements: at least 3 years on either position of Product Manager, Product Owner, or Analyst; Entrepreneurial, Engineering or IT background; Fan of Internet industry: it’s history, new trends, etc.; Advanced English, both speaking and writing. Experience in Customer Development Experience in User Story Mapping, Impact Mapping, or Value Stream Mapping To set up an interview: Please send us a CV and links to exisiting projects. Close Linux C/C++ Developer Scope: Develop operating system for Linux based smart Wi-Fi routers & systems. The daily tasks include system and algorithm design, programming in kernel/userspace (C/C++), and bugfixing. Requirements: 5+ years relevant experience Software development proficiency in C and C++ Knowledge of network protocols and experience with multithreaded POSIX programming Knowledge of Linux kernel, network stack, boot process, and driver architecture Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Strong attention to detail, highly organized Ability to work well in a fast-paced professional office environment Experience in using Agile Scrum methodology, Industry Standard Software design principles, Source Code Management (git) Extra: Expert knowledge of embedded systems development concepts and build tools (GNU toolchain, OpenWRT, buildroot), bootloaders (U-Boot, coreboot) is a strong plus To set up an interview: Please send us a CV and links to exisiting projects. Close QA Automation Expert Scope: Work closely with frontend developers and the product owner to ensure the product features are well understood and tested automatically and manually. Requirements: 3+ years testing/QA Engineer experience Selenium or Protractor knowledge CI implementation experience Collaborative team player Experience in using Agile Scrum methodology To set up an interview: Please send us a CV and links to exisiting projects. Close PRODUCTS & SERVICES NDM OS is a router operating system. It comes with all the basic features implemented with exceptional performance and has many distinctive capabilities to create unique selling points. NDM APP is a companion application for simple and intuitive management of entire home network. It does the magic of initial setup and serves as handy tool for daily tasks and monitoring. NDM CLOUD is a platform for product support and all sorts of analytics. It serves automatic software updates to ensure that end-user product gets better and more secure with time. NDM OS NDM OS is advanced router operating system and the foundation of smart Wi-Fi products for home. It comes with all the basic router features implemented with exceptional performance and has many distinctive smart capabilities to create unique selling points. NDM OS has modular architecture with router features and additional applications separated as installable components. Based on selected components binary firmware file is built on demand by cloud server for each device. This allows for unlimited feature set with limited FLASH size. Some of the NDM OS features include: Multiple Internet connections with backup VPN connections via PPTP, L2TP, IPsec, SSTP, OpenVPN VPN servers for PPTP, L2TP/IPsec, SSTP Per host DNS-based parental control IntelliQoS DPI engine Precise traffic shaping Captive portal Other popular add in applications include: File server Torrent client DLNA/UPnP AV server Print server Support for hundreds 3G/4G USB modems Support for custom USB accessories: DECT base station, VDSL2/ADSL2+ modem Close NDM APP NDM APP is Android/iOS companion application for simple and intuitive management of entire home network. It does the magic of initial setup and serves as handy tool for daily tasks and monitoring. Last, but not the least, it works from anywhere, no matter where you are at home or away and can manage multiple networks Close NDM CLOUD NDM CLOUD complements NDM OS by providing product support and all sorts of analytics. It allows end user to build custom firmware with features and applications relevant to his requirements and serves automatic updates to ensure that end-user product gets better and more secure with time. If end users wants to control home network from remote location NDM CLOUD will help to establish safe and secure connection between NDM OS and the NDM APP. Besides, NDM CLOUD offers free dynamic DNS service for advanced applications when it is necessary to refer to a server/service with an easily rememberable name Close WE'D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU! If you have more questions about what we do, we're here to help. Send us an email, and we'll get back to you shortly. info@ndmsystems.com