NDSU - North Dakota State University Skip to main content North Dakota State University cta Apply Visit Request Info Search Toggle Main Navigation main Academics Academics Menu Study at NDSU Study at NDSU Programs Programs Menu Undergraduate Graduate Certificates Online Colleges Colleges Menu Agriculture, Food Systems, and Natural Resources Arts and Sciences Business Engineering Health and Human Sciences Graduate School Back to level 1 Admission & Cost Admission & Cost Menu Admission Admission Cost & Aid Visit Admitted Students Graduate Admission For Parents & Families For Counselors & Advisors Contact Back to level 1 Bison Life Bison Life Menu Bison Life Bison Life Housing & Dining Services for Student Success Organizations & Engagement Experiential Learning Arts & Culture Events Back to level 1 About About Menu About About The Campus Fargo & the Community Alumni News Industry Relations Bison Youth (PreK-12) Contact Back to level 1 Research Research Menu Research Impact Research & Creative Activity Extension Back to level 1 Athletics Utility Current Students Faculty & Staff Jobs Give Directory A-Z Index Close Main Navigation Congratulations Fall 2025 Graduates Thank you, Bison community, for celebrating this milestone with us. View program and recordings Explore the possibilities Find Your Horizon Choose a program built for impact and a future with purpose. Program Level Undergraduate Graduate Program Type Undergraduate Certificate Graduate Certificate Certificates Program Format Online Search Programs by Keyword Now is your moment Apply to NDSU North Dakota State University Join the Herd. Begin your application today. Undergraduate Admission Power your career alongside bold, innovative experts. Graduate School Build on your credits. Finish your bachelor’s degree. Degree Completion Program Go further, faster with flexible online programs. Online at NDSU Find your place Visit us and discover your moment at NDSU Visit NDSU in Fargo — big enough to explore, small enough to feel like home. Feel the strength of community and the pride that powers NDSU. Visit the Campus Meet Fargo Bison Today. Bison Forever. From campus snapshots to alumni milestones, the Herd shows up strong everywhere, every day. Explore Life at NDSU Grads helping the next class lead the way We're Bison! 🤘 Alumni shaping a legacy of grit and excellence NDSU Impact As North Dakota’s land-grant, R1 research university, NDSU ranks among the nation’s best in higher education. Students and faculty work together to tackle real challenges, fuel the workforce and shape careers of the future. Horizons of new knowledge Push boundaries in labs, fields and studios with faculty who turn bold ideas into breakthroughs. Research at NDSU Research in action From crop science to cybersecurity, students dive into field-tested, industry-connected work that builds futures and drives progress. Industry Relations Bison Pride in Motion Bison Athletics NDSU is more than academics, it’s home to champions. With 284 conference titles and 30 national championships combined in all sports since 1925, Bison Athletics bring the thunder of game day and the pride of the Herd to life. Go Bison! News & Experiences NDSU graduates reflect on their college experiences Innovative, collaborative research advances 3D printing December 22, 2025 NDSU begins search for new president The State Board of Higher Education is expected to select the next permanent president during a special meeting the week of March 30. December 15, 2025 Fall commencement speaker shares story of resilience Graduating NDSU student, Wendi Wheeler will be graduating with a master’s degree in counselor education. She was selected as the student representative for the 2 p.m. ceremony on Friday, Dec. 19. December 15, 2025 NDSU graduate reflects on what it means to be a Bison NDSU graduate student Josi Solsaa will be graduating with her master’s degree in animal science. She was selected as the class representative for the 5 p.m. ceremony on Friday. Dec. 19. All News Moments at NDSU Powered by Curator.io North Dakota State University Fargo, ND North Dakota State University Footer A-Z Index Campus Map Consumer Information Contact One Stop Quick Links Social Navigation facebook instagram linkedin twitter youtube ©2025 North Dakota State University Privacy Statement | Nondiscrimination Statement NDSU Web | Website and Accessibility Feedback