Neatorama Neatorama Earn NeatoPoints! Hello, ! ( logout ) sign up | login ≡ ← Home Playing Risk on a Globe John Farrier • 1 hour ago Risk is a fun board game, but Instructables user madkins9 suggests building a spherical board for a "more frustrated, expensive, and time-consuming" experience. Fortunately, he's done the planning work, which is where most of the difficulty comes from. madkins9 used steel hemispheres to make the globe and glued magnets to the game pieces from an original 1962 set. His stained and polished wooden base comes with hexagonal drawers for each of the six player colors. The final product must make for a more realistic game, as, for example, Alaska and Kamchatka are no longer on opposite sides of the board. Thus the spherical design provides for superior practical training for world conquest. -via Hack-A-Day 0 Indiana Jones Stunt Becomes Real When Boulder Prop Rolls Toward Audience John Farrier • 1 hour ago In a fan-favorite scene of Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark , Jones must flee from a huge boulder rolling toward him as he, er, performs archaeological research in a tomb. That stunt came remarkably close to reality during a recent show at Disney World in Florida. The New York Post reports that a 400-pound rubber ball serving as the boulder fell off its planned track at an actor playing Indiana Jones and toward the audience. Heroically, a staff member intercepted it, blocking its movement with his own body. He was injured but, Disney World asserts , is recovering. The show schedule is continuing unchanged. -via Super Punch 0 15 Songs That "Borrowed" from Surprising Sources Miss Cellania • 12 hours ago Embed from Getty Images Neatorama readers are familiar with Led Zeppelin's habit of covering old songs and taking writing credit, from "When the Levee Breaks" to "Stairway to Heaven." You most certainly know about the time that George Harrison was sued for plagiarizing "He's So Fine" by The Chiffons. But that's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to songs that ripped off other songs. Sometimes it's just a sample that was used without permission, but sometimes it's the entire tune or even lyrics. Did you know that "Crocodile Rock" by Elton John was a direct ripoff of a Pat Boone number? Or that "Come Together" by the Beatles has some eerie resemblance to a much faster Chuck Berry song? The 1979 Rod Stewart song "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy" sounds suspiciously like a Brazilian song that you just have to hear. You know the hits, but in a list at Cracked, you'll hear the originals for comparison . You know, the ones that brought the lawsuits. 0 An Honest Trailer for Wake Up Dead Man Miss Cellania • 16 hours ago They made sure to append the title of Wake Up Dead Man with A Knives Out Mystery in its marketing materials so that the fans of the previous two films would at least hear about it. The previous two were Knives Out in 2019 and Glass Onion in 2022. The third installment assures us that Daniel Craig has landed a steady job after leaving the 007 movies. Here he reprises his role as detective Benoit Blanc solving a mystery by talking his way through it, just like the classic whodunits we've seen so many times. It's not really a spoiler to reveal that Blanc solves the murder mystery. That's pretty much a given. But beware that this Honest Trailer reveals whodunit right away, before they even introduce the many suspects (the Wikipedia plot summary does, too). If you are determined to see the movie without knowing who the killer is, then rest assured that Screen Junkies enjoyed Wake Up Dead Man , although they do poke fun at its over-the-top characterizations. So expect another Knives Out mystery in 2028. 0 Mark Your Calendar for the Celestial Events of 2026 Miss Cellania • 22 hours ago You should have a new calendar by now, and you can start filling it up with important events: family birthdays, your next teeth cleaning, the Olympics, and some important stargazing events you won't want to miss. If you live in Europe, you may be able to witness a total solar eclipse on August 12th, 2026. Depending on where you are, Americans have a chance at seeing a total lunar eclipse in March. But even in the right place, you'll need to adjust your sleep schedule. There's also a "parade of planets," when six of them appear at the same time, and another when five will align. You might want to observe a "full blood micromoon," which is when the moon seems small because of its distance while also being the second full moon of the month. Jupiter shows up in a spectacular manner in January, and of course there are the usual meteor showers you'll want to catch. Check out all these 2026 events and more with a rundown at Smithsonian. (Image credit: NASA/STSCI (S.T.A.R.S) ) 0 What Was the Brief Period When This Globe Was Accurate? John Farrier • Tuesday, December 30, 2025 at 6:12 AM I own a globe that could have only existed for 6 months in 1939 pic.twitter.com/IL6Slm4bOX — DJ Branham🗽 (@DJBranham) December 30, 2025 X user DJ Branham shares a photo of an unusual globe that he found at an antiques store in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He mentions that it would have been accurate for only about six months. The globe shows then-recent annexations by Nazi Germany that were at least tolerated if not accepted by the major powers of Europe. Poland is still independent, but all of Czechoslovakia is in German hands, so the globe must date between March 16 and July 31, 1939. One commenter dates the globe as prior to July 29, 1939, as it shows Hatay under the control of French Syria instead of Turkey. 0 The Many Names of the Red Panda Miss Cellania • Monday, December 29, 2025 at 3:55 PM The koala bear is not a bear, the raccoon dog is neither a raccoon nor a dog, and the horned toad is no toad at all. So is a red panda actually a panda? Yes! We call it a red panda to distinguish it from the giant panda, which is actually a bear. The giant panda was given its English name 40 years after the red panda was scientifically described, and besides it had already been called a panda long before that. The species name Ailurus fulgens means "shining cat." But we call them red pandas, cat bears, Himalayan raccoons, fire foxes, lesser pandas, or wahs. Wah is a confusing name, but probably as accurate as calling them pandas. It feels derogatory to call them lesser pandas, since the giant panda is the one that's not a panda. You have to wonder how these two very different animals were associated with each other in the first place. The Chinese name for a giant panda means big bear cat, which is two-thirds accurate. The red panda's name in Chinese is small bear cat, which is only one-third accurate. They are small, but they are not lesser. They are pandas. -via The Ark in Space 0 The Real Johnny Shiloh, Civil War Drummer Boy Miss Cellania • Monday, December 29, 2025 at 2:04 PM You've heard about boys joining the army in the Civil War who were so young that they weren't given weapons but played a drum instead. Perhaps you saw the 1963 Disney TV movie Johnny Shiloh . The film was fictionalized, but was based on a real boy who ran away from home to join the Union Army in 1861 when he was only nine years old. John Lincoln Clem was not accepted as a soldier at age nine, but he refused to go home and followed the 22nd Michigan Infantry Regiment. They had to feed the child, and the officers chipped in to pay him. The army officially accepted his enlistment a couple of years later. He was a drummer boy, but he also learned to shoot, and for his heroic deeds in the Battle of Chickamauga, he was promoted to sergeant. Johnny Clem was (and still is) the youngest soldier ever to become a noncommissioned officer in the US Army. He was twelve years old. After the war, in which Clem was wounded twice and captured once, he left the army to go to high school. Then he rejoined in 1871 when U.S. Grant appointed him a second lieutenant. Clem retired as a brigadier general in 1915, the last Civil War soldier on active duty. On retirement, he was promoted to major general. Read more on Clem's adventures and accomplishments at Wikipedia. -Thanks, WTM! 0 Only 3 People Mentioned in "We Didn't Start the Fire" Are Still Alive John Farrier • Monday, December 29, 2025 at 4:56 AM Yesterday, French artist and animal rights activist Brigitte Bardot died at the age of 91. Her passing prompted this X post: Brigitte Bardot’s death means there are now just three people mentioned in @billyjoel ’s We Didn’t Start the Fire who are still alive. — Jon Hollis (@JonHollis9) December 28, 2025 Billy Joel's 1989 song " We Didn't Start the Fire " contains lengthy lists of people and major events from 1949, when Joel was born, until 1989. It's an anthem of Baby Boomer popular culture mixed with the politics of the United States during the Cold War. Only three people listed in the song are still alive: Bob Dylan , Chubby Checker , and Bernhard Goetz . Image: 20th Century Fox 0 Swedemason Returns with Berry Bars Miss Cellania • Monday, December 29, 2025 at 4:04 AM Mary Berry is an English chef and food writer who's been on British TV for many years, including as a judge on The Great British Bake Off . Here she smoothly raps about anything and everything, thanks to the magic of editing. Listen carefully, and you'll hear a coherent narrative emerge. Now, I wasn't familiar with Mary Berry until today, but this is a video by master editor Swedemason ( previously at Neatorama), who can make anything interesting with his judicious cuts and deft timing. He's been absent from YouTube for seven years, due to the fact that he got a real job doing this. But his creative job was "indirectly" taken by artificial intelligence, a story that is referenced in the lyrics of this video. Bad news for Swedemason, but good news for us in that he's back making the videos he wants to in order to entertain us. It shouldn't be long before some other company snaps up his skills. -via b3ta 1 The Weird Physics That Enable Us to Skate on Ice Miss Cellania • Sunday, December 28, 2025 at 6:07 PM Ice is slippery. We all know that and take precautions when we have to walk across even a small amount, but when we put on ice skates, something magical happens. While ice skating uses many of the same skills and techniques as rollerblading, there is a fundamental difference in what's happening between the skater and the icy surface. That's because water, the most abundant substance on earth, is kind of strange in comparison with other materials. Water crystallizes when it freezes into a solid. However, unlike most substances, ice is less dense than water, which is why ice cubes float in your drink. Under the right conditions, ice will melt into water under pressure, while other substances just compact. When a person wear ice skates, their weight is concentrated into a very small surface, creating more pressure. That's why the condition of a sheet of ice is different before a skater reaches it, while the skate is on the surface, and then after the skater passes the ice. This combination of ice conditions allows a skater to glide across ice while keeping their balance (although it does take some practice). Read about the physical properties of ice and water that enable skating at Big Think. (Image credit: Sandro Halank , Wikimedia Commons) 1 The Architectural Abomination of 2025: The McModern Miss Cellania • Sunday, December 28, 2025 at 3:41 PM The McMansion arose in the 1980s and took over the suburban landscape: huge custom-built houses on too-small lots that defied design rules and contained all the dream elements of the family within. A new trend in architecture is threatening to overtake the McMansion, but it isn't any better. It's called the McModern, a term coined by Kate Wagner of McMansion Hell. It's like a McMansion in the style of midcentury California modernism. We all recognize it when we see it, but the modern version is so much larger than the originals, not to mention super expensive despite the architectural drawbacks. The McModern is made up of geometric blocks with a flat roof and lots of glass. The exterior is driven by the interior, where a magnificent view and luxury amenities are priority. The result is a mishmash of cantilevered square shapes on a too-small lot. To be honest, in looking for an illustration, most of the examples that came up were rendered in Minecraft. The interiors are also geometric and neutral in color, so as to preserve resale value. Read about the McModern trend and see plenty of examples at Architectural Digest. -via Fark 2 The Sad Fate of the 2025 Gävle Goat Miss Cellania • Sunday, December 28, 2025 at 2:48 AM Every year since 1966, the residents of Gävle, Sweden, erect a giant yule goat made of straw to celebrate the season. The Gävle Goat has proven to be a huge tourist draw, and an entire festival grew up around it. In recent years, it has been broadcast worldwide on a live webcam . But the goat is always in danger. In about one out of every three years, someone has managed to burn the goat down before the new year. The expected arson has been less frequent in the 21st century because of serious security protocols. But the goat is still vulnerable to other methods of destruction. In 2023, the Gävle Goat was eaten by birds ! In 2025, it appeared as if the goat was going to make it to New Year's Day, but fate intervened. Storm Johannes brought winds up to 40 miles per hour to Sweden, and the goat was no match for them. It collapsed to the ground early Saturday afternoo n. Thus, 2025 will be another disastrous entry into the history the world's unluckiest Christmas decoration. 0 The Annual Roundup of Items Stuck in Body Orifices for 2025 Miss Cellania • Saturday, December 27, 2025 at 6:44 PM Every year, Barry Petchesky ( previously at Neatorama) sifts through the records of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission's database of emergency room visits, looking for cases of foreign objects stuck in body orifices that require medical attention. 2025 is the 13th year of his report, and he has suspended reporting on things that were stuck in ears, noses, and throats. No one paid much attention to those anyway. But the internet is intrigued with the objects that had to be medically retrieved from penises, vaginas, and rectums. Some cases on the list come with notes taken verbatim from the medical reports, for example, "INSERTED TWO DIAMOND RINGS IN HER VAGINA WHILE AT A PARTY IN FEAR THEY WOULD BE STOLEN." Yes, there are a couple of tales of slipping and falling in the shower, and even more of patients not remembering how it happened. The entire post should be considered NSFW. Read all three lists at Defector. 0 The 15 Largest Desserts Served in Restaurants John Farrier • Saturday, December 27, 2025 at 3:57 PM It's common enough to get a couple fortune cookies delivered with the bill at the end of a meal at a Chinese restaurant. But TAO Asian Bistro goes much, much further. Its iconic fortune cookie is a complete dessert course. At a guess, I'd say that it's about eight inches across. Here's a video that shows how the chefs make it. Furthermore, the bistro makes custom versions of its fortune cookie dessert for Christmas , Breast Cancer Awareness Month , and the Chinese New Year . This fortune cookie is one of 15 huge desserts compiled by The Takeout , including huge sundaes, milkshakes, and a 25-pound apple pie. 0 New T-Shirts & Hot T-Shirts from NeatoShop Most Popular | Most Commented Only 3 People Mentioned in "We Didn't Start the Fire" Are Still Alive Is Reading an Analog Clock an Outdated Skill? The Sad Fate of the 2025 Gävle Goat The Annual Roundup of Items Stuck in Body Orifices for 2025 Statistically, How Likely Was the McCallister Oversleep? Is Reading an Analog Clock an Outdated Skill? The Architectural Abomination of 2025: The McModern The Funniest Rejected Custom License Plates The Truth Behind the Man-Eating Tree of Madagascar The Horrifying Philosophy of the Borg We hope you like what you see! Please share: Tweet Check out NeatoShop's large selection of T-shirts Science T-Shirts | Sci-Fi T-Shirts | Fantasy T-Shirts Funny T-Shirts | Horror T-Shirts | Video Game T-Shirts Shirts available in sizes S to 10XL: 6XL T-Shirts | 7XL T-Shirts | 8XL T-Shirts 9XL T-Shirts | 10XL T-Shirts Big & Tall and Curvy Tees are our specialties! Customization and personalization available. Specialty T-Shirts : Anime Big & Tall T-Shirts (3XL to 10XL) Email This Post to a Friend "" Separate multiple emails with a comma. Limit 5. try another Send Email Cancel Success! Your email has been sent! close window Neatorama is the neat side of the Web.
        We bring you the neatest, weirdest, and
        most wonderful stuff from all over the
        Web every day. Come back often, mmkay? Company Info FAQs Site Map Comment Policy Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Statement Channels Neatorama (Main Blog) NeatoBambino (Baby & Kids) Neatorama Spotlight NeatoShop Gift for Geeks Science T-Shirts Follow Us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Pinterest Find us on Flipboard Subscribe to RSS NeatoCMS by Rommel Santor X This website uses cookies. This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using this website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. I agree Learn More