Neat - Meeting Spaces the Neat way Select another country or region for content and pricing tailored to your 
                    location, and to place an order online. Region International United States Continue Discover Neat devices in our webinars and live product tours Limited time: Get a Free Neat Center when you buy Neat Bar Pro and Neat Center Toggle menu Products Shop by Device Neat Bars Neat Boards Companion Devices Accessories Shop by Room Type Small and personal spaces 2-5 people Medium spaces Up to 10 people Large spaces 14+ people Enjoy complete control of your Neat device deployment with Neat Pulse Featured BYOD Big performance. Even bigger value. Learn more Solutions Shop by industry Education Public Sector Retail Financial Small Business Neat Solutions Meeting Spaces Experiences Software and Services Neat Pulse Neat App Hub Neat-as-a-Service Product Evaluation Program Build your room Your meeting. Your setup. Your way. Neat Spaces Resources Product Information Mounting Guides Device Manuals Brochures Support Explore and Learn Build Your Room Webinars On-Demand Videos Company News Customer Stories Perspective Blogs Need help? We're here for you. Get Support Plans and Pricing Get a Demo Open cart and account navigation Close panel Cart Orders & account Sign in Close menu Products Experiences Spaces Stories Pulse Support Get a Demo Contact Company Partners Careers Resources Neat as a Service Get newsletter Facebook: open in a new window Twitter: open in a new window Instagram: open in a new window YouTube: open in a new window LinkedIn: open in a new window Neat - Meeting Spaces the Neat way Intelligent, simple video devices. Enable any space with our AI-powered distributed architecture to bring your teams together. Learn more Request a demo Learn more BYOD US$ 699 Packs a punch. Learn more Buy now US$ 599 A beautiful way to meet and greet. Learn more Buy now Built for small spaces and big ideas. Learn more Generation 2 US$ 3,990 The power of simple. Learn more Buy now US$ 5,850 Go up a notch. Learn more Buy now From US$ 7,490 Welcome to the big leagues. Learn more Buy now From US$ 5,990 Flow with the moment. Learn more Buy now US$ 820 Touch base. Book a space. Learn more Buy now US$ 2,290 Don’t miss a thing. Learn more Buy now Get an additional Neat Center for free. Buy a Neat Bar Pro and a Neat Center, and get a second Neat Center for free. Shop now Neat Pulse is a full-service offering that gives you complete control of your device deployment, premium support
                        care and extended warranty coverage. Learn more about Neat Pulse View Neat Pulse plans “Neat provides us with simplicity, giving our end users peace of mind.” Adrian Mason, Workplace Productivity Analyst, Atlassian “Neat is helping accelerate our virtual global collaboration efforts.” Yasufumi Hirai, Group Executive Vice President, CIO & CISO, Rakuten “Simplicity, resilience and innovation.” Group CIO, EG Group “Nothing compares to a Neat video meeting.” Lior Zagury, Director of Global IT, Monday.com “Neat was able to get us as close as possible to that equitable meeting experience.” Courtney Lelinho, Director of Collaboration Technology, HubSpot “We’d been searching for something that just worked. This was it!” Jason Epstein, Director of Global Technical Delivery, Havi “Neat is the Apple of the meeting room.” Sebastian Gauthier, Senior IT Engineer, Criteo Trade-up and save up to 10% on Neat devices. Try Neat risk-free. For 30 days. Trade-up and save up to 10% on Neat devices. Neat Brings High-Performance Video Technology to Oracle Red Bull Racing Customer stories Speed Into Meetings Like a Formula 1 World Champion Perspective Neat and Shure Enable Fantastic Audio Quality in Large Spaces News Neat Is Helping the LA Clippers Change the Game Customer stories × OK Open chat widget Products Experiences Spaces Stories Pulse Contact Support Company Partners Careers Events Neat App Hub Resources Neat as a Service Product Evaluation Program Get News For Education For Financial Services For the Public Sector For Retail For Small Business Get News Shop Accessories Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn | International International | Copyright © 2025 Neat Cookie Settings Privacy and cookies policy Terms and Conditions × × Meet with our team. Find the optimal solution for your company's needs via 
                    a personalized one-on-one video demo with a Neat product specialist. Ready to purchase? Fill out this quick form and we will invite you to a video demo. × Neat Select Get more information about Neat's BYOD only solution. × × Get notified Complete this form to learn more about Neat Board 32 and get notified when it's available to order. Modal newsletter Thank you × × × × × Get a Free Neat Center Today! For a limited time, receive an additional Neat Center at no cost when you purchase a Neat Bar Pro and Neat Center. Learn more Add to cart Purchase of one (1) Neat Bar Pro and one (1) Neat Center entitles the customer to receive one (1) additional Neat Center
at no extra cost (“Free Neat Center”), up to a maximum of three (3) Free Neat Centers per customer. Each Free Neat
Center requires a separate qualifying purchase and must be completed in separate checkout transactions. Offer valid from December 8, 2025, at 9:00 am EST to January 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PST. Offer applies only to qualified
purchases made during the promotion period. Offer valid while supplies last and may not be combined with any other
discounts, promotions, or special pricing. No substitutions, exchanges, or cash equivalents. Neat reserves the right to
modify or terminate this offer at any time without prior notice. Taxes are not included in the promotion and remain the
purchaser’s responsibility. Standard U.S. free ground shipping (where available) applies and may be combined with this
promotion. × Do you need a Power over Ethernet (PoE) power supply If your Ethernet connection doesn’t deliver power, you’ll need a PoE power supply to power your Neat Center. Select the number of Neat Centers you need PoE power for: Choose platform None For one device For two devices Select your PoE power supply type: International + US$ 90.00 China + US$ 90.00 Continue Get a Demo × ×