University of Nebraska System Skip to main content × Close Menu Strategic Plan Get to Know Nebraska Doing Leading Research Meet Our People Making an Impact Support by Giving Directory Regents President Transparency News & Events Offices & Policies For Faculty & Staff Directory Regents President Transparency News & Events Offices & Policies For Faculty & Staff Strategic Plan Get to Know Nebraska Doing Leading Research Meet Our People Making an Impact Support by Giving Toggle search Close Previous Slide Next Slide Odyssey to Extraordinary The University of Nebraska's Strategic Plan Learn about NU's reinvention Dr. Jeffrey P. Gold Begins Term as 9th NU System President Meet Dr. Gold Attend the University of Nebraska, Tuition Free with the Nebraska promise Learn More Making a Difference in Nebraska, Every Day Read the "NU for NE" Stories The NU System: Driving Nebraska's Economy Read Our Economic Impact Report Transparency at the University of Nebraska Demonstrating Our Accountability Visit Site Join the University of Nebraska Advocates Learn More Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 Slide 6 Slide 7 One University. Four Campuses. One Nebraska. A land-grant flagship campus. An academic medical center. A metropolitan campus serving our urban citizens. And a campus focused on undergraduates. Collectively, these four unique institutions are known as the University of Nebraska. Each institution has distinct strengths, giving the University of Nebraska a scope of expertise that is hard to equal. UNK focuses on undergraduate education— offering a hands-on, private-school feel on a major state university campus. University of Nebraska at Kearney University of Nebraska at Kearney UNK focuses on undergraduate education— offering a hands-on, private-school feel on a major state university campus. UNL is the system’s flagship—a land-grant research institution and Big Ten member that has led and innovated for over 150 years. University of Nebraska - Lincoln University of Nebraska - Lincoln UNL is the system’s flagship—a land-grant research institution and Big Ten member that has led and innovated for over 150 years. UNMC is Nebraska’s only public academic health science center—creating a healthier future through education, groundbreaking research and exceptional patient care. University of Nebraska Medical Center University of Nebraska Medical Center UNMC is Nebraska’s only public academic health science center—creating a healthier future through education, groundbreaking research and exceptional patient care. UNO is a metropolitan institution, with students, alumni, and faculty who propel the economy of the largest city in Nebraska. University of Nebraska at Omaha University of Nebraska at Omaha UNO is a metropolitan institution, with students, alumni, and faculty who propel the economy of the largest city in Nebraska. An Overview of Our Campuses Meet President Gold Visit the Presidential Site Three Institutes, Immeasurable Impact. The University of Nebraska has invested in three interdisciplinary, University-wide institutes. Through these institutes, talented experts from our four campuses come together, finding innovative solutions to challenges that face our state, our nation, and our world. The Daugherty Water for Food Global Institute is impacting lives everywhere by helping to grow more food with less water. Daugherty Water for Food Institute Daugherty Water for Food Institute The Daugherty Water for Food Global Institute is impacting lives everywhere by helping to grow more food with less water. The Buffett Early Childhood Institute is a catalyst for helping Nebraska’s youngest citizens to thrive and succeed in life. Buffett Early Childhood Institute Buffett Early Childhood Institute The Buffett Early Childhood Institute is a catalyst for helping Nebraska’s youngest citizens to thrive and succeed in life. One of only 15 university research centers affiliated with the Department of Defense, the NSRI provides solutions that improve national security. National Strategic Research Institute National Strategic Research Institute One of only 15 university research centers affiliated with the Department of Defense, the NSRI provides solutions that improve national security. Learn More About Our Institutes Earn a University of Nebraska Degree Online Choose from more than 150 programs offered online. Flexible courses taught by expert faculty give Nebraskans—and others—access to a high-quality education, no matter where they are. Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture Located in Curtis, Nebraska, we prepare students for careers in agriculture, veterinary technology, food and other influential industries. Learn More News & Events All NU Administration News & Events Campus News: KEARNEY Lincoln Medical Center OMAHA 49,638 Students enrolled in the Fall 2025 semester 11,376 Number of degrees awarded in 2023-2024 156 Years since the first NU campus was founded COOKIE USAGE: The University of Nebraska System uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By clicking "I Agree" and/or continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser settings, you accept the use of cookies. PRIVACY SETTINGS I Accept × Footer Quick Links Home Careers Contact Us News & Events Campuses University of Nebraska at Kearney University of Nebraska–Lincoln Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture University of Nebraska Medical Center University of Nebraska at Omaha Giving matters and it's easy. Make a gift through the University of Nebraska Foundation © University of Nebraska Board of Regents Accessibility Statement Notice of Nondiscrimination Online Privacy Statement