Home | Nebraska Medicine Omaha, NE Skip to main content NEBRASKA MEDICINE UNMC Find Care Now One Chart Pay Bill For Providers Careers Help Find a Doctor Care and Services Care and Services Comprehensive care for all your health needs. View All Services Featured Services Primary Care Heart and Vascular Cancer Care Women's Health Orthopaedics Neurological Care Ear Nose Throat Behavioral Health Dermatology Eye Care Gastrointestinal Care Transplant Convenient Care Emergency Care Immediate Care Options Pharmacy Schedule an Appointment Digital Services One Chart | Patient Portal Nebraska Medicine Mobile App Virtual Care (Telehealth) Locations Our Locations Find care close to you at our locations throughout the region. Find a Location Locations by Category Emergency Departments Immediate Care Clinics Primary Care Clinics Specialty Clinics Hospitals and Medical Centers Surgery Centers Radiology Labs Pharmacies Popular Locations Nebraska Medical Center Bellevue Medical Center Village Pointe Health Center Patients and Visitors Find Care Now One Chart Pay Bill For Providers Careers Help UNMC Search What can we help you find? Search Explore same-day care options Convenience meets care Expert care and seamless scheduling so you can focus on what matters most. Schedule Online Immediate Care Video Visit Find a Doctor Find a Service Find a Location Your health in the palm of your hand With the Nebraska Medicine app, you can: Find a doctor and schedule appointments. View test results and message your care team. Explore nearby locations, parking information and clinic hours. Start a video visit right from your phone. Download the app and get started today. Get health information you can use, fact-checked by Nebraska Medicine experts. Conditions and Services Cervical cancer: Symptoms, diagnosis and treatment December 30, 2025 Questions and Answers You asked, we answered: What does blood in your stool mean? December 29, 2025 Conditions and Services Preventing Alzheimer’s disease and dementia by treating obstructive sleep apnea December 24, 2025 Healthy Lifestyle What type of exercise is best for heart health? December 18, 2025 Conditions and Services Understanding your lipid panel: What it is and why it matters December 16, 2025 Conditions and Services First in the state to develop strategy to test pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia December 10, 2025 View More Conditions and Services Cervical cancer: Symptoms, diagnosis and treatment December 30, 2025 Questions and Answers You asked, we answered: What does blood in your stool mean? December 29, 2025 Conditions and Services Preventing Alzheimer’s disease and dementia by treating obstructive sleep apnea December 24, 2025 Healthy Lifestyle What type of exercise is best for heart health? December 18, 2025 Conditions and Services Understanding your lipid panel: What it is and why it matters December 16, 2025 Conditions and Services First in the state to develop strategy to test pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia December 10, 2025 View More Explore our locations With more than 40 locations across the Omaha metro and Nebraska, extraordinary care is just a short drive from home. View All Locations Emergency Departments Locations providing immediate care for trauma, serious illnesses and medical emergencies. View All Medical Centers Full-service locations offering inpatient care and specialty treatments. View All Immediate Care Clinics Convenient, walk-in care for minor illnesses and injuries – no appointment needed. View All Primary Care Clinics Locations providing routine checkups, preventive care and management of chronic conditions. View All Specialty Clinics Expert care and consultations for specific conditions, treatments or procedures. View All Labs Locations for blood draws, diagnostic testing and other lab services. View All Surgery Centers Locations for outpatient and specialized surgical procedures. View All Radiology Imaging centers offering X-rays, MRIs, CT scans and other diagnostic services. View All Open modal window Open directions modal Modal window You're leaving our website You’re about to leave the Nebraska Medicine website. The other site may collect information about your visit, including your IP address. Do you want to continue? Open in Google Maps Close modal window close modal window Get taken care of today. Call 800.922.0000 or Schedule an Appointment Our mission is to transform lives and create a healthier future through education, research and extraordinary patient care. Quick Links Find Care Now Help Center One Chart | Patient Billing and Insurance For Providers Clinical Trials Quick Links Find Care Now Help Center One Chart | Patient Billing and Insurance For Providers Clinical Trials Connect with Us Nebraska Medicine App Advancing Health Blog Events and Webinars Contact Us Connect with Us Nebraska Medicine App Advancing Health Blog Events and Webinars Contact Us About Our Story Careers For the Media For Employees About Our Story Careers For the Media For Employees Ways to Help Giving Volunteering Organ Donation Ways to Help Giving Volunteering Organ Donation © 2025 Nebraska Medicine. All rights reserved. BlueSky Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Threads X YouTube Legal Accessibility Equal Employment Opportunity Non-Discrimination Notice Notice of Privacy Practices Price Transparency BlueSky Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Threads X YouTube