Personal banking services for better money choices | Nedbank Personal Private Wealth Business Corporate Group Search Log in Bank Manage your money Explore Bank Accounts Credit cards Greenbacks Digital banking Switch to Nedbank Fraud awareness Forex Save & Invest Grow your money Explore Save & Invest Accounts Share trading Secure investments Investment services Borrow Achieve your goals Explore Borrow Personal loans Home loans Student loans Overdrafts Vehicle finance Solar finance Debt assistance Insure Protect what you love Explore Insure Life cover Funeral cover Short term insurance Credit Life Travel insurance Business cover Secure investments Plan Plan your wealth Explore Plan Financial planning Estate, wills & trust services Nedbank Private Wealth Speak to a financial adviser Nedbank Connect Stay connected for less Explore Nedbank Connect Rewards and benefits See prepaid bundles Check roaming coverage Frequently asked questions Help Centre We're at your service Explore Help Centre Check NedFinHealth score Chat to Enbi Contact us Find a branch Read our blog We use cookies to improve your experience. This is how you can manage your cookie settings . Ok PERSONAL Personal Private Wealth Business Corporate Group Back We use cookies to improve your experience. This is how you can manage your cookie settings . Ok For endless rewards as you bank Get a Nedbank account Better banking. Better rewards. One of the perks of being a Nedbank client is that you get to earn an ever-increasing amount of Greenbacks and other great lifestyle benefits every time you pay a bill, swipe your card, or save yourself some money. Simply put, we'll pay YOU for making good choices, with your own money. Now how's that for a good deal? × What we can do for you Accounts Bank with ease Personal loans Achieve your goals Credit cards Get ahead Home loans Start your journey Save & Invest Grow your money Insurance Stay protected Why partner with Nedbank? • Honest guidance that helps you choose what works for you. • Affordable offers that suit your goals and budget. • Competitive interest rate based on how you spend. • No hidden fees, just clear pricing and payment plans. Ready to switch? Start here Promotions See all Join the Money AppVenture Welcome to a new kind of banking experience – packed with mystery, discovery, and rewards. Find out more #GetMoneyFit with Nedbank Your biggest achievements are a sum of all the little habits you adopt to get you there. Let’s get you in the game. Switch to Nedbank to #GetMoneyFit. Find out more Get 50% off on Nu Metro regular 2D, 3D, VIP Use your Nedbank card at Nu Metro to get your discount. You will earn more Greenbacks if you pay with your Greenbacks-linked Amex card. Find out more Need help? Get in touch To speak to one of our helpful staff, get in touch with the right department or find a branch near you see below. Contact us Find a branch Chat to us Book a banker Ways to bank There are so many ways to manage your money at Nedbank. Simply choose the option that works best for you. Choose how you bank Switch to Nedbank, hassle-free Open a Nedbank account and switch your salary payments and debit orders without having to visit a branch. Great rewards and benefits too. Make the switch Report corrupt and unethical behaviour as well as human rights complaints Corruption: Tip-offs Anonymous on 0800 000 909 or at nedbankgroup@tip-offs.com Unethical behaviour as well as human rights complaints: talktotheethicso@nedbank.co.za or Tip-offs Anonymous on 0800 000 909 or at nedbankgroup@tip-offs.com Nedbank Group Connect with us Bank with us Legal About us Careers Investor relations Nedbank suppliers News and insights Contact us Get debt assistance Resume application Promotions Nedbank blog Need help? Chat to Enbi 2026 rates and fees Digital banking Switch to Nedbank Log in to Online Banking Fraud awareness Unclaimed balances Depositor insurance Dormant accounts Code of Banking Practice FAIS Conflict of Interest FATCA and CRS FICA PAIA Privacy Notice Terms and conditions Termination of agreement Nedbank Group About us Careers Investor relations Nedbank suppliers News and insights Connect with us Contact us Get debt assistance Resume application Promotions Nedbank blog Need help? Chat to Enbi Bank with us 2026 rates and fees Digital banking Switch to Nedbank Log in to Online Banking Fraud awareness Unclaimed balances Depositor insurance Dormant accounts Legal Code of Banking Practice FAIS Conflict of Interest FATCA and CRS FICA PAIA Privacy Notice Terms and conditions Termination of agreement Nedbank Ltd Reg No 1951/000009/06. Licensed financial services provider (FSP9363) and registered credit provider (NCRCP16)