The leading all-in-one real estate market data platform in the USA - NeighborhoodScout Skip to content . × . NeighborhoodScout × Reports Match Match Discover your neighborhood's best match, anywhere. "Match Any Neighborhood" calculates the Match Level of one neighborhood to another using more than 200 characteristics of each neighborhood. Create Create Select your ideal criteria and let Scout do the rest. The search engine finds the neighborhoods that are the optimum fit to the set of criteria you choose. My Account NeighborhoodScout Credits Available Admin SUBSCRIBE Reports Center Match & Append Center Saved Places Manage Account Log Out De-Impersonate Subscribe or Log In × Cart (0 items) View Cart NeighborhoodScout SecurityGauge Subtotal $0.00 Checkout Cart Your cart is empty Looks like you have not added anything to your cart. Go ahead and explore our products to add to your cart to get started! Go to Plans & Pricing × NeighborhoodScout Credits Available Admin Subscribe or Log In My Account Reports Center Match & Append Center Saved Places Manage Account De-Impersonate Home About NeighborhoodScout Data Data Overview Real Estate Economics & Demographics Crime Public School Ratings Trends & Forecasts About Us Want Our Data? See Sample Report Who We Serve Investors Lenders Brokers/Agents Property Managers Home Buyers / Sellers Blog Help Legal Terms Privacy Disclaimer Fair Housing Custom Analytics to Invest, Appraise, or Finance Real Estate Match Any Neighborhood Create Your Ideal Neighborhood REPORTS MATCH CREATE Search any address, city, or state Discover your neighborhood’s best match, anywhere Select your ideal criteria and let Scout do the rest Investor Grade Analytics For Every Location NeighborhoodScout’s exclusive condition, trend, and forecasting data empowers professionals to: Uncover Opportunity Mitigate Risk Invest Wisely Unprecedented Data Integrity The most accurate, comprehensive, neighborhood-specific crime, demographic, housing, school performance, and real estate trend and forecast analytics available today, with seamless coverage for the entire United States. Find Out More Join Other Discerning Subscribers Your Search Starts and Ends Here Free, consumer real estate websites are no match for NeighborhoodScout. Depend on the best. Precise, micro-neighborhood trends, forecasts, and exclusive analytics are a few clicks away. Know the Neighborhood. Intimately. Don’t risk it all by trusting stereotypes, hunches, or unvalidated hearsay. NeighborhoodScout reveals the truth about every Neighborhood in the U.S., address-by-address. Everything that you need to know is all in one place, in one comprehensive report.  6 report categories, 600+ data elements, predictive analytics. Exclusive data and insights. See Sample Report. Challenge Assumptions. Regularly. “This neighborhood is poised to go up in value, so it is a good investment.” Now, with NeighborhoodScout you don’t have to guess.  Let the data tell the true story, and you may be surprised at what you find. Up Your Investing Game. Dramatically. Did you know that in 1970, it was cheaper to purchase residential property in Nantucket than in the old industrial city of Bridgeport, Connecticut? By 1989, Nantucket had become some of the most expensive real estate in the world, while Bridgeport today is less expensive than the U.S. average.  Where are those places today – the ones that look like Nantucket in 1970? Newly available, Scout Vision™ Trends & Forecasts provide you this looking glass into every neighborhood in the United States. Maximum Access, Minimal Investment Pay As You Scout $30.00 per report Get Started Subscribe & Save FROM $112.50 per month See Pricing License Scout Data API Bulk Processing Flat File Explore Now Scout Before You Invest. “We have been using NeighborhoodScout data from Location Inc. for over 5 years.  In addition to exceptional and reliable service, the quality and accuracy of the data supplied has provided a foundation for sound decisions in the residential investment property field.” Shane Sauer , Co-Founder, RentFax “We rely heavily on NeighborhoodScout for our due diligence, and recommend it to our clients for theirs.  It’s an invaluable tool for real estate investors.” Marco Santarelli , CEO, Norada Real Estate Investments NeighborhoodScout In the News NeighborhoodScout gives real estate investors a wealth of valuable market data and insights. LEARN MORE » NeighborhoodScout digs deep to match homebuyers with their perfect New York City suburb. LEARN MORE » NeighborhoodScout empowers real estate agents with hyperlocal price forecasts and crime ratings. LEARN MORE » Highlights From Scout's Insights Blog Safest Cities In America 2023 Real Estate Investor Forecast Report 2019 America's Best Public Schools Florida's Ten Best Towns For Families with Children Texas’ Ten Best Towns for Families with Children Highest Appreciating Cities Select a State and Start Scouting Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Covered By About Help Terms Sitemap Privacy Press Disclaimer Fair Housing © 2026 Cotality. All rights reserved. Cotality™, Intelligence beyond bounds™, the Cotality logo, and NeighborhoodScout® are the trademarks of CoreLogic, Inc. d/b/a Cotality or its affiliates or subsidiaries.