Main - Nekki - game developer and publisher Games Spine Shadow Fight 4 Shadow Fight 3 Shadow Fight 2 Fight Me! Vector Shades Ninja Party Careers Contacts Support We create emotions worth sharing Since 2002, our games have been downloaded over a billion times. Let’s go for the next billion together! Join Nekki Our games spine.game SPINE SPINE is a single-player story rich action game focused on intense close-quarters gun fights with aesthetics of Gun Fu movies. Made with UE5 and Cascadeur, SPINE kicks off our new franchise for PC and consoles. shadowfight.com Shadow Fight 4 Shadow Fight 4: Arena is a multiplatform real-time PvP fighting game, which features 3v3 battles with classic Shadow Fight controls, dozens of heroes with unique abilities and excellent graphics. shadowfight3.com Shadow Fight 3 Story-driven fighting game with RPG elements in a unique setting. Exciting battles, a huge variety of equipment and 250,000,000 installs. shadowfight2.com Shadow Fight 2 The company’s landmark project that has been released on platforms ranging from mobile to PC to Nintendo Switch. The total audience of Shadow Fight 2 is over 400 million players. ninjaparty.com Ninja Party Ninja Party is a multiplayer parkour action game. Insane maps, dozens of weapons, total movement freedom. Play solo or team up with you friends on almost any platform — become the last ninja standing! fight.me Fight Me Nekki continues to push boundaries and captivate new players with its innovative approach to game development. The new project: Fight Me is a play-to-own and compete-to-earn fighting browser game, accessible on any device! vector Vector Vector is a parkour-themed runner, and it’s back in a remastered version. Become a real urban ninja, hide from your pursuers, and break free... now with updated style! shades Shades Shades is a RPG fighting game that continues the story of the legendary Shadow Fight 2. Get ready for the enhanced features of the original game that bring your experience to the next level. Cascadeur Besides games, we have developed our own AI-assisted keyframe animation software Cascadeur is a standalone software for 3D keyframe animation of humanoid or other characters. Never before making animation from scratch or editing one has been so easy and fun. Thanks to its AI-assisted tools, you can make key poses really fast, instantly see physical result and adjust secondary motion. All while retaining full control at any point. Learn more Our values In pursuit of our mission to create emotions worth sharing, we have developed a set of core values that guide our creative journey and help to make our games truly outstanding. Unique design We craft exceptional and original games, always striving to stand out and avoid cloning. Wow factor We develop games that create «wow» emotions for our players, thanks to unique features and details Gameplay first We create games we want to play ourselves. Fun, spectacular, and addictive, designed for long-term engagement. Commitment to tech We develop and use cutting-edge technologies to improve and innovate our games. Low entry barrier We make our games accessible to everyone by making them easy to learn but hard to master. Sustainable growth We self-fund our projects, focusing on stability and commercial success, all while keeping player satisfaction and feedback in mind. Outstanding quality We aim for exceptional quality in everything we do without falling into perfectionism. Culture of passion Our drive comes from a deep-rooted passion for gaming. We cultivate a growth mindset, ensuring that as our skills and ambitions expand, we grow as a team. We’re hiring All 12 Animation 1 Art 3 Game design 5 Programming 1 QA 2 QA Engineer, Remote QA engineer (UE), Remote Senior Core Game Designer (PC/Console, UE5) (Bots and Bosses), Remote Narrative Lead, Remote Technical Support, Remote Concept Artist (Characters), Remote 3D Artist (Characters), Remote Technical Game Designer (TypeScript), Remote Principal UX/UI Designer / Artist (Gamedev), Remote Core Game Designer (Characters, Combat Design), Remote Technical Animator (UE5), Remote Senior Unreal Engine Developer (UE5), Remote More Technical Animator (UE5), Remote More Concept Artist (Characters), Remote 3D Artist (Characters), Remote Principal UX/UI Designer / Artist (Gamedev), Remote More QA Engineer, Remote Senior Core Game Designer (PC/Console, UE5) (Bots and Bosses), Remote Narrative Lead, Remote Technical Game Designer (TypeScript), Remote Core Game Designer (Characters, Combat Design), Remote More Senior Unreal Engine Developer (UE5), Remote More QA engineer (UE), Remote Technical Support, Remote More Kimonos 43A, Limassol, 3095, Cyprus Contact us Games: SPINE Shadow Fight 4 Shadow Fight 3 Shadow Fight 2 Fight Me! Vector Shades Cascadeur Information: Privacy policy License agreement Rules of user support service Game rules