Neocom | AI-native commerce experience platform Platform + Case Stories Resources + About Us Login Book a Demo Platform Products Shop Agent Turn every visit into a unique, conversational experience. Shopping Quiz Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Configurator & Bundler Configure complex rule based product combinations. Platform Overview Turn visitors into engaged customers Analytics & Insights Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Customer Data Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Resources Blog This is a subheader Webinars This is a subheader Knowledge base This is a subheader Socials Latest podcasts Latest webinars Resources Platform + Book a Demo Platform Products Shop Agent Turn every visit into a unique, conversational experience. Shopping Quiz Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Configurator & Bundler Configure complex rule based product combinations. Platform Overview Turn visitors into engaged customers Analytics & Insights Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Customer Data Turn visitors into engaged customers with category-level guidance and deep expertise. Resources Blog This is a subheader Webinars This is a subheader Knowledge base This is a subheader Socials Latest podcasts Latest webinars Resources Platform + Book a Demo AI-Native Commerce Experience Platform One AI to make every shop experience truly 1-to-1 Neocom turns confusing shop experiences into truly personal journeys. Just like talking to an expert who knows exactly what you're looking for. Book a Demo AI-Native Commerce Experience Platform One AI to make every shop experience truly 1-to-1 Neocom turns confusing shop experiences into truly personal journeys. Just like talking to an expert who knows exactly what you're looking for. Book a Demo AI-Native Commerce Experience Platform One AI to make every shop experience truly 1-to-1 Neocom turns confusing shop experiences into truly personal journeys. Just like talking to an expert who knows exactly what you're looking for. Book a Demo Explore our products With Neocom's AI-native commerce experience platform, eCommerce becomes truly 1to1 - powered by state-of-the-art multi-agent capabilities while you keep full control over everything. Explore our products With Neocom's AI-native commerce experience platform, eCommerce becomes truly 1to1 - powered by state-of-the-art multi-agent capabilities while you keep full control over everything. Explore our products With Neocom's AI-native commerce experience platform, eCommerce becomes truly 1to1 - powered by state-of-the-art multi-agent capabilities while you keep full control over everything. Shop Agent A seller, a service expert and a support agent. All in one. Get instant, personalized help and answers to any question, any time. Seamlessly integrated and truly 1to1. Discover Shop Agent Shop Agent A seller, a service expert and a support agent. All in one. Get instant, personalized help and answers to any question, any time. Seamlessly integrated and truly 1to1. Discover Shop Agent Shop Agent A seller, a service expert and a support agent. All in one. Get instant, personalized help and answers to any question, any time. Seamlessly integrated and truly 1to1. Discover Shop Agent Shopping Quiz Provides tailored, category-level guidance with deep expertise, ideal for high-touch advisory and omnichannel- use cases, while keeping full control. Discover Shopping Quiz Shopping Quiz Provides tailored, category-level guidance with deep expertise, ideal for high-touch advisory and omnichannel- use cases, while keeping full control. Discover Shopping Quiz Shopping Quiz Provides tailored, category-level guidance with deep expertise, ideal for high-touch advisory and omnichannel- use cases, while keeping full control. Discover Shopping Quiz Configurator & Bundler Configure complex rule based product combinations and provide conversational guidance through every step - no guesswork, no mismatches.  Discover Configurator & Bundler. Discover Configurator & Bundler Configurator & Bundler Configure complex rule based product combinations and provide conversational guidance through every step - no guesswork, no mismatches.  Discover Configurator & Bundler. Discover Configurator & Bundler Configurator & Bundler Configure complex rule based product combinations and provide conversational guidance through every step - no guesswork, no mismatches.  Discover Configurator & Bundler. Discover Configurator & Bundler Success stories from our customers Read up on the challenges our customers solve with Neocom. Success stories from our customers Read up on the challenges our customers solve with Neocom. Success stories from our customers Read up on the challenges our customers solve with Neocom. "We wanted something similar to what's happening in the store. And now we are seeing that we have doubled the conversion rate of people that interact with the product advisor. And we're seeing the average order value is also double from someone that instead didn't." Lorenzo De Paolis, E-Commerce Manager, Miele Read case story “We always tried to bring the advantages of brick-and-mortar retail into the online shop. Touching is difficult, instant availability is impossible with big boxes. But consultation—that’s the core factor of physical retail.” Lars Mehler, VP Commerce Read case story "The E-Bike Advisor isn't just a nice-to-have. It's essential for our business. We're actively pushing as much traffic as possible to it because it solves our biggest challenge." Roman Burdick, CMO Read case story "Our customers need to understand intuitively where to find the product to quickly add it to the cart, get to checkout, and then be happy with the product when it arrives. That's our big goal and Neocom helps us achieve this." Andreas Müller, E-Commerce Manager Read case story "We wanted something similar to what's happening in the store. And now we are seeing that we have doubled the conversion rate of people that interact with the product advisor. And we're seeing the average order value is also double from someone that instead didn't." Lorenzo De Paolis, E-Commerce Manager, Miele Read case story “We always tried to bring the advantages of brick-and-mortar retail into the online shop. Touching is difficult, instant availability is impossible with big boxes. But consultation—that’s the core factor of physical retail.” Lars Mehler, VP Commerce Read case story "The E-Bike Advisor isn't just a nice-to-have. It's essential for our business. We're actively pushing as much traffic as possible to it because it solves our biggest challenge." Roman Burdick, CMO Read case story "Our customers need to understand intuitively where to find the product to quickly add it to the cart, get to checkout, and then be happy with the product when it arrives. That's our big goal and Neocom helps us achieve this." Andreas Müller, E-Commerce Manager Read case story Integrations Seamlessly connect with your tech stack Deliver truly personalized experiences with a click. Supported by open APIs and pre-built workflows. Developed for faster impact and smarter decisions Learn more Integrations Seamlessly connect with your tech stack Deliver truly personalized experiences with a click. Supported by open APIs and pre-built workflows. Developed for faster impact and smarter decisions Learn more Integrations Seamlessly connect with your tech stack Deliver truly personalized experiences with a click. Supported by open APIs and pre-built workflows. Developed for faster impact and smarter decisions Learn more A platform you can trust A platform you can trust 4.9 Game-changing, easy-to-setup AI tool that delivers superior UX and massive conversion uplift. Learn more Learn more Learn more 4.9 Intuitive, 24/7 sales advisor. Effortless integration meets first-class, solution-oriented support. Learn more Learn more Learn more Enterprise-grade security Keep your data secure and compliant with industry-leading security standards and certifications. Explore our Trust Center Resources Latest podcasts Latest podcasts Latest podcasts Decoding the AI hype in e-commerce with real takeaways. Webinar highlights Webinar highlights Webinar highlights Get the latest insights from industry experts. Knowledge base Find answers to questions about the neocom platform. Knowledge base Find answers to questions about the neocom platform. Knowledge base Find answers to questions about the neocom platform. Articles Read up on the latest news. Articles Read up on the latest news. Articles Read up on the latest news. neocom About us How we shape the future of shopping. neocom About us How we shape the future of shopping. neocom About us How we shape the future of shopping. Become truly obsessed with your customers' experience Book a Demo Become truly obsessed with your customers' experience Book a Demo Become truly obsessed with your customers' experience Book a Demo Follow us on Product Shop Agent Shopping Quiz Configurator & Bundler Platform Overview Resources Case Stories Knowledge Base Webinars Blog Subscribe to our newsletter Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Trust Center Cookie Settings © Copyright 2025 Neo Commerce GmbH Follow us on Product Shop Agent Shopping Quiz Configurator & Bundler Platform Overview Resources Case Stories Knowledge Base Webinars Blog Subscribe to our newsletter Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Trust Center Cookie Settings © Copyright 2025 Neo Commerce GmbH Follow us on Product Shop Agent Shopping Quiz Configurator & Bundler Platform Overview Resources Case Stories Knowledge Base Webinars Blog Subscribe to our newsletter Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Trust Center Cookie Settings © Copyright 2025 Neo Commerce GmbH