NEOM: Made to Change About About US NEOM Leadership Team NEOM Social Responsibility Regions Magna Leyja Epicon Siranna Utamo Norlana Aquellum Zardun Xaynor Elanan Gidori Treyam JAUMUR Oxagon Sindalah THE LINE Trojena Our Business Sectors Biotech Design and Construction Education, research, and innovation energy Entertainment and Culture Financial Services Food Health and Wellbeing Manufacturing Media Mobility Sport Technology and Digital tourism Water Partners Suppliers Port of NEOM NEOM Bay Airport News News & Media Center events Invest Invest in NEOM NEOM Investment Office NEOM Investment Fund Careers Working at NEOM Job Search GET IN TOUCH English العربية Your browser does not support the video tag. A NEW FUTURE NEOM is a region in the making in northwest Saudi Arabia Discover more Your browser does not support the video tag. Powering Data A new industrial model is taking shape at Oxagon Watch full video Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. THIS IS NEOM ABOUT US OUR REGION OUR NATURE Trojena 1 Learn more THE LINE 2 Learn more Oxagon 3 Learn more Sindalah 4 Learn more Magna 5 Learn more 100 + nationalities working at NEOM 26,500 km² land footprint 71 % of Saudi population is under 35 years old 10 degrees cooler on average in our mountain areas than the rest of the GCC NEOM is a region in the making in northwest Saudi Arabia, conceived to support the diversification of the Kingdom’s economy and deliver urban solutions so that people and planet can thrive in harmony. Powered by renewable energy and driven by innovation - NEOM is redefining business, livability and conservation. About NEOM → Learn More Trojena 1 Learn More THE LINE 2 Learn More Oxagon 3 Learn More Sindalah 4 Learn More MAGNA 5 MAGNA 3 continents converge near to NEOM 5 regions and a nature reserve 13 % of global trade in close proximity 40 % world less than 6 hours away Strategically located at the crossroads of three continents, NEOM is emerging as a global hub for trade and innovation. Developments include Oxagon, THE LINE and Trojena, as well as an expansive Nature Reserve, all spread across 26,500 square kilometers. About NEOM→ Learn More Marine Landscapes 1 Lower Desert 2 MOUNTAIN 3 UPPER VALLEY 4 41 Islands 468 KM Coastline 3 regions of diverse ecology including mountains, desert and sea 4.7 million plants and shrubs planted Surrounded by breathtaking landscapes and rich in renewable resources, NEOM is driven by a vision to protect and preserve our nature for future generations. Our Nature → Learn More Our Stories Guarding the Red Sea Through innovative techniques in mangrove planting, Wajd Alaidrous is helping revive NEOM’s coastal ecosystems, showcasing the power of innovation and nature together. Watch the Story Our Careers Where Ambition Has a Home Join the people shaping tomorrow. Discover career opportunities across disciplines, sectors and regions. Explore Careers Our Community NEOM Sports Club NEOM S.C. is a growing community built on unity, passion and performance, bringing people together through sport. Visit NEOM S.C. Oxagon HOME OF ADVANCED AND CLEAN INDUSTRIES Strategically located on the Red Sea, Oxagon is creating a new blueprint for the industrial cities of the future. At the crossroads of major trade routes, Oxagon is where livability, technology and sustainability converge. At the Port of NEOM, expanded capabilities and a new terminal in 2026 will enable the seamless trade of materials. Explore Oxagon A REGION IN THE MAKING NEOM is enabled by an ecosystem of sectors, companies and investments Mobility NEOM is connecting
people and services, aiming to
create a smart, shared and
sustainable public transport
system – powered by renewable
energy. Explore Sector Water NEOM is building a sustainable water management system that aims to eliminate waste and prevent pollution for future communities. Explore Sector Energy NEOM is investing in green energy solutions which will harness our rich, renewable natural resources and power the cities of the future. Explore Sector Tech and Digital NEOM is developing the digital infrastructure to enable our emerging regions and the smart cities of the future. Explore Sector Latest News Discover the latest news, updates and insights. Explore more Explore more Your request has been sent successfully Get news & updates from NEOM Sign up and be the first to know about the latest developments and exciting news on how we are shaping the future! your request has been sent successfully an error has occurred, please try again Email 1000 characters Sign up About About NEOM Leadership Team NEOM Social Responsibility NEOM Bay Airport Invest Invest Invest in NEOM NEOM Investment Fund Regions Regions Magna Sindalah Oxagon THE LINE Trojena Our Business Our Business Sectors Partners Suppliers Port of NEOM News News Media Gallery News and Media All News Media & Resources Press Enquiries Careers Careers Working at NEOM FOLLOW NEOM ON SOCIAL MEDIA Privacy policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Crypto Disclaimer © 2026 NEOM This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Clear All Download All