Skip to Main Content
Neon One
SOLUTIONS PRODUCTS RESOURCES PRICING ABOUT US
Our Mission & Vision
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Press
Contact Us
Partner with Us
Request a Demo
Login

One Platform.
Made for Personal Connections.
Built to Grow With You.

Making personal connections—with donors, members, and your entire community—is essential to accomplishing your mission. But as a nonprofit grows, it can be harder to make and sustain those relationships.

Neon One is the nonprofit relationship management platform that empowers small and midsize nonprofits like you to make and maintain the personal connections that drive real, sustainable growth.

Get Started
Smiling woman with icons that read "donations" and "memberships"
Image of clothing being exchanged in a clothes drive
Powerful Solutions,
Relationships That Last
Image of Neon CRM’s generosity indicator rating someone a 3.5/5
See Your Donors as People—Not Profiles

See every gift, message, and interaction in a single, connected platform. Neon One gives you a 360° view of your supporters that lets you personalize your outreach and build relationships that last.

Learn More
Fundraising That Raises More Than Donations

From donation forms to peer-to-peer, Neon One gives you everything in one unified platform to simplify your day-to-day and amplify results. Spend less time juggling tools and more time reaching your goals.

Learn More
a campaign goal thermometer and suggested donation amounts on a form
an event seat map and the event creation admin view
Create Events That Bring People Closer

Galas, performances, trivia nights–whatever you’re planning, Neon One makes it easy to sell tickets, track attendance, and follow up with donors. Every detail automatically syncs in your integrated platform, so you can focus on people, not data.

Learn More
Performing Arts

Nonprofits that use Neon One
see average donation growth of 33%
in the first year.

A smiling woman onstage at an event, holding a mic and sitting on a stool
Empower Your Members. Strengthen Your Mission.

Make it easy for people to join, renew, and stay engaged. With features like auto-renewals, member portals, and built-in communications, Neon One enables you to put relationships first.

Learn More

Need a Better Solution for Your Association?
Neon One has all the tools you need to grow your membership roll!

 
Book a Demo
Customer Stories
Real Nonprofits. Real Results.

See how other organizations are raising more, saving time, and making a difference with Neon One. Our client stories celebrate the wins—big and small—that become possible when your systems finally support you instead of slowing you down.

Learn How They’re Getting It Done
Genesis greeting Victor and his dog on a snowy day

I found donors that had been donating to us for years, and I had no idea because we never had all of our data in one place before!

Caitlin Knight
Founder & Executive Director
Path of Hope Rescue

Ready to Deepen Your Community Relationships?

You shouldn’t have to choose between people and technology. With Neon One, you get a nonprofit relationship management platform that’s powerful, practical, and built for personal connections. We help you simplify your tech stack, increase your impact, and engage your community—all at an affordable and fair price.

Schedule My Neon One Demo
Victor with his foot on a rock, consulting a map
Site Links by Category
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Solutions
For Fundraising Growth
For Engaged Donors
For Streamlined Operations
For Measuring Impact
For Performing Arts
For Peer-to-Peer Campaigns
For Website Design

Customer Success Stories
Self-Guided Product Tours
Integrations
Pricing
Products
Neon CRM
Neon Fundraise
Neon Websites
Arts People
Neon Pay
Neon Launch
By Function
Database Management
Marketing & Communications
Fundraising
Membership Management
Volunteer Coordination
Event Management
Payment Processing
Resources
Resource Hub
Neon One Blog
Webinars & Events
Guides & Templates
Research Reports
Company
About Us
Careers
Partner Program
Contact Us

© 2025 Neon One, LLC

NEON ONE HOMEPAGE
 PRODUCTS RESOURCES SUPPORT 
Search
 
 SUBSCRIBE GET A DEMO