NeoProtect.net | Minecraft DDoS Protection Home Pricing Products Support Log in Sign up Resilient DDoS Protection as a Service. With our cutting-edge technology and state-of-the-art infrastructure, we are committed to providing reliable and efficient DDoS protection services to businesses and individuals of all sizes. Get started Read more Your old provider does not meet your standards anymore? Dont hesitate to contact us, we are happy to help! Get DDoS protection today 8+ Tbit/s Largest attack mitigated Our always-on, inline DDoS filter can detect and mitigate all kind of attacks with 0 TTM. Choose us to safeguard your services against DDoS attacks and enjoy unparalleled protection and reliability. 100% Uptime last 3 months Looking for a reliable and uninterrupted service? Trust us to keep your business running smoothly, with the highest levels of uptime and performance. 40,000+ Registered customers Join over 4000 active customers and experience our exceptional service today! Our team is proud to have a loyal base of over 20000 registered customers who trust us to provide reliable solutions and support. 24/7 On-Call availability Need help anytime? Our 24/7 on-call support team is always available to assist you. Don't let technical issues disrupt your day - get the help you need when you need it. Make your secure online presence available, anywhere, for anyone, anytime. Due to our advanced mitigation technologies we are able to mitigate almost any attack vector. Choose us now and receive key benefits to gain business opportunity. Extreme performance Go international with NeoProtect's global network which provides key performance for latency-critical gamemodes all around the world. Filtering bots with ease Experience unmatched bot attack defense with our state-of-the-art filtering technology, providing the most effective protection on the market. Customize anything Unleash your creativity and personalize NeoProtect! You can customize every single aspect from kick messages to your own offline server icon with ease. Proficient support Our expert support team is dedicated to providing exceptional service. Trust us to have your back whenever you need us. Industry standardised notifications Streamline your communication and stay ahead of the curve with our industry-leading notification system. Providing mail notification as well as webhooks. Novel mitigation opportunities Tailor your DDoS protection to fit your unique needs with our extensive array of customizable settings, ensuring maximum security and peace of mind for your business. What are you waiting for? Take yourself 5 minutes to discover the broad range of functions we provide to you and your business. Try it now! Join our Discord Global anycast network with inline DDoS protection. GameShield Pricing Locations Setup Legal Terms of service Privacy Policy Imprint Support Overview Contact us Discord Status © 2025 NeoProtect.net. All rights reserved. Imprint