Skip to Main Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
Platform
Products
Solutions
Why Tenable
Resources
Partners
Support
Company
contact_icon
Try
Buy
Products
Nessus
Tenable Nessus®
The first tool in your cybersecurity toolbox

Expose and close weaknesses across your constantly changing attack surface with the industry’s most trusted vulnerability assessment solution.

Try Tenable Nessus for free
Unlimited vulnerability assessments you can use anywhere
Know
your vulnerabilities

Identify software flaws, missing patches, and misconfigurations across operating systems, devices, and applications with fast, accurate scans that eliminate blind spots.

Expose
the threats that matter

Cut through the noise by highlighting the vulnerabilities that pose the greatest risk, with built-in compliance checks, CVSS and EPSS risk scoring, and easy-to-read reports to guide focus.

Close
the gaps faster

Move from findings to fixes with clear remediation guidance and streamlined collaboration between IT and security teams to reduce risk quickly.

The global gold standard in vulnerability assessment
Nessus Professional
Unlimited IT vulnerability assessments
Vulnerability scoring with CVSS v4, EPSS and VPR (for Top 10 Vulns)
Configuration, compliance and security audits
Use anywhere
Configurable reports
Community support
Advanced support (available as an option)
On-demand training (available as an option)
Web application scans (5 FQDNs with the option to add more)
External attack surface scans
Try
Buy
Learn more
Nessus Expert
Unlimited IT vulnerability assessments
Vulnerability scoring with CVSS v4, EPSS and VPR (for Top 10 Vulns)
Configuration, compliance and security audits
Use anywhere
Configurable reports
Community support
Advanced support (available as an option)
On-demand training (available as an option)
Web application scans (5 FQDNs with the option to add more)
External attack surface scans
Try
Buy
Learn more
Tenable Nessus ranks at the top
#1
in accuracy
Nessus has the industry's lowest false positive rate with six-sigma accuracy.

*.32 defects per 1 million scans

Try now
#1
in coverage
Nessus has the deepest and broadest vulnerability coverage in the industry.
See how
#1
in adoption
Nessus is trusted by tens of thousands of organizations, with 2 million downloads worldwide.
Learn more
#1
in hearts and minds
Don't just take our word for it. Security practitioners around the world put their trust in Nessus.
See more

See how Nessus compares to other solutions on the market.

Nessus is #1 For Vulnerability Assessment

From the beginning, we've worked hand-in-hand with the security community. We continuously optimize Nessus based on community feedback to make it the most accurate and comprehensive vulnerability assessment solution in the market. Twenty-five years later and we're still laser focused on community collaboration and product innovation to provide the most accurate and complete vulnerability data — so you don't miss critical issues which could put your organization at risk.

Today, Nessus is trusted by tens of thousands of organizations worldwide as one of the most widely deployed security technologies on the planet — and the gold standard for vulnerability assessment.

See for yourself - explore the product here

113K+
CVEs
295,000+
plugins
100+
new plugins
released weekly

Tenable’s Zero Day Research provides 24/7 updates into new and emergent vulnerabilities so you’ll always have full situational awareness.

Tenable Nessus reviews
Tenable is the only vendor to be named a Customers’ Choice in the 2025 Gartner® Peer Insights™ Voice of the Customer for Vulnerability Assessment

Read the Report
Explore the reviews
Built by practitioners

Nessus is built from the ground-up with a deep understanding of how security practitioners work. Every feature in Nessus is designed to make vulnerability assessment simple, easy and intuitive. The result: less time and effort to assess, prioritize and remediate issues. Learn more about the features here.

Deploy on any platform

You can deploy Nessus on a variety of platforms, including Raspberry Pi. Nessus is there with you, no matter where you are, where you’re headed or how distributed your environment is.

Read the press release

Efficiency and accuracy
Zero in on threats that matter most
Pre-built policies and templates
Customizable reporting & troubleshooting
Live results
Ease of use
Grouped view
Key use cases for Nessus

Nessus is the world’s No. 1 vulnerability scanning solution. Learn how Tenable customers put it to work in a range of critical situations.

Network pen tester
Cybersecurity education programs faculty and students
Consultant
SMB Security admin
Network pen testers play a unique role in the IT security ecosystem.

Before executing full breach simulations, pen testers use Nessus first to find where those major vulnerabilities are hiding.

Read more

To learn more about Nessus features and functionality, visit our Nessus documentation page.
To learn more about purchasing options, please contact your preferred reseller or visit our online store.

Nessus Professional—
Built for security professionals like you

Get the world’s most widely deployed vulnerability assessment solution.

Try for free
Buy Nessus Pro

Buy a multi-year license and save. Add Advanced Support for access to phone, community and chat support 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Select your license

Buy a multi-year license and save.

 1 Year - $4,390
 2 Years - $8,560.50 (Save )
 3 Years - $12,511.50 (Save )
Add support and training
 Advanced Support - $400

24x365 Access to phone, email, community, and chat support. More info.

 On-Demand Training - $275

1 Year Access to the Nessus Fundamentals On-Demand Video Course for 1 person. More info.

Buy now
Renew an existing license
Find a reseller
Customers rely on Nessus to stay safe
American Eagle Outfitters
Virtustream
World Wide Technology
Learn more
Nessus Professional data sheet
Download the data sheet
Nessus frequently asked questions
Visit the FAQ
Nessus Expert data sheet
Download the data sheet
Related products
Tenable One Exposure Management Platform

Improve attack prevention with less effort.

Request a demo


Data sheet
Tenable Vulnerability Management

Close vulnerability exposures with the world’s #1 Vulnerability Management solution.

Try for free


Data sheet
Tenable Security Center

Identify and prioritize vulnerabilities based on risk to your business. Managed on premises.

Request a demo


Data sheet
Tenable Nessus
Featured products
Tenable One Exposure Management Platform
Tenable Cloud Security (CNAPP)
Tenable Cloud Vulnerability Management
Tenable CIEM
Tenable Vulnerability Management
Tenable Security Center
Tenable Web App Scanning
Tenable Patch Management
Tenable Enclave Security
Tenable Attack Surface Management
Tenable Nessus
Tenable AI Exposure
Tenable OT Security
Tenable Identity Exposure
View all
Featured solutions
Active Directory
Building management systems
Cloud security posture management
Compliance
Exposure management
Banks and financial services
Generative AI
Healthcare
Hybrid cloud security
IT/OT
Ransomware
State / Local / Education
US federal
Vulnerability management
Zero trust
View all
Customer resources
Resource library
Exposure management resources
Community & support
Customer education
Tenable Research
Documentation
Cybersecurity guide
Why Tenable
Trust
System status
Connections
Blog
Contact us
Careers
Investors
Tenable Ventures
Events
Media
Privacy policy
Do not sell/share my personal information
Legal
508 compliance

© 2025 Tenable®, Inc. All rights reserved

×
Contact our sales team