Nesta | UK innovation agency for social good We are Nesta www.nesta.org.uk / Skip to content Our missions A fairer start Our mission is that from 2030 every child has the same chance of developing to their full potential in the early years. A healthy life Our mission is to halve the prevalence of obesity in the UK by 2030. A sustainable future Our mission is to reduce home carbon emissions in the UK by 30% by 2030. How we work Our innovation methods Our expert teams blend different innovation practices to tackle some of society’s biggest challenges. Mission Discovery We scan for emerging trends, promising technologies and interventions to help test encouraging ideas that we can apply to our missions. Policy We develop and promote policy ideas that are critical to achieving our missions. The Mission Studio We're building the next generation of mission-led start-ups. Impact investments About Nesta in a nutshell An introduction to our purpose, how we operate, where we work and the people behind our missions. Our strategy Find out more about what we want to achieve over the next decade. Our people Meet the team behind our work. Our history Find how Nesta has evolved since we started more than 20 years ago. Case studies Equity, diversity and inclusion How we're governed Jobs at Nesta Nesta Trust Contact us Latest content Blogs Follow the latest thinking from people working at the cutting edge of social innovation. Reports Browse our vast library of research and analysis on how innovation happens. Events Register for our upcoming events and catch up on content from our archive. Project updates Read the latest news, research analysis and progress updates from our mission and practice teams Features & long-reads Data visualisation & interactive Toolkits & guides Help me innovate Share this Twitter Facebook Linkedin Bluesky Search nesta Popular searches Events Jobs Ravi Gurumurthy Home Our missions A fairer start A healthy life A sustainable future How we work Our innovation methods Mission Discovery Policy The Mission Studio Impact investments About Nesta in a nutshell Our strategy Our people Our history Case studies Equity, diversity and inclusion How we're governed Jobs at Nesta Nesta Trust Contact us Latest content Blogs Reports Events Project updates Features & long-reads Data visualisation & interactive Toolkits & guides Help me innovate We are Nesta We are the research and innovation foundation Our focus is on three ambitious missions A healthy life Our mission is to halve the prevalence of obesity in the UK by 2030. Learn more A sustainable future Our mission is to reduce home carbon emissions in the UK by 30% by 2030. Learn more A fairer start Our mission is that from 2030 every child has the same chance of developing to their full potential in the early years. Learn more We apply our deep expertise in applied methods to design, test and scale solutions across the innovation lifecycle Explore our innovation methods Start at Home Visit the website to learn how heating engineers in Great Britain can get a fully-funded heat pump and expert support with installing it in their own home Find out more Family Hubs Pregnancy Grant Toolkit The Family Hubs Pregnancy Grant aims to offer timely, meaningful support to pregnant people experiencing financial hardship - on their terms. Explore our toolkit to learn what is needed to deliver the service. Explore the toolkit A powerful ecosystem for innovation We extend our impact through two specialised units that help people and organisations to solve complex problems and achieve their goals. BIT BIT helps clients from government, nonprofits and the private sector to improve people’s lives through our empirical problem solving and deep understanding of human behaviour. Challenge Works Challenge Works designs and runs challenge prizes to spark innovation in science, technology and society. Stay up to date Join our mailing list to receive the Nesta Edit, our regular newsletter showcasing how we design, test and scale solutions to some of society's biggest challenges, with updates from Nesta, BIT, Challenge Works and the wider innovation sector. * denotes a required field Sign up for our newsletter Personal Details Email (e.g. [email protected] ) First name: Last name: Organisation: Job title: Country of residence: United Kingdom Aaland Islands Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey  (Channel Islands) Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Kosovo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa (Independent) San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay USA Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Take a deeper dive by signing up for our sector-specific emails too: Early years Environment Health Sign up You can unsubscribe by clicking the link in our emails where indicated, or emailing [email protected] . Or you can update your contact preferences . We promise to keep your details safe and secure. We won’t share your details outside of Nesta without your permission. Find out more about how we use personal information in our Privacy Policy . Press Jobs Privacy Terms of use Accessibility Contact us © 2025 Nesta Nesta is a registered charity in England and Wales 1144091 and Scotland SC042833. Our main address is 58 Victoria Embankment, London, EC4Y 0DS. You can reach us by phone on 020 7438 2500 or drop us a line at [email protected] . All our work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License, unless it says otherwise. We hope you find it useful. Back to top