Document and Email Management for Legal Firms and Departments | NetDocuments Customer Support Help Center Service Status Submit a Ticket Partners Partner Program Integrations ndConnect App Directory Locate a Partner Partner Portal English(US) Español Português English (UK) Português Brasileiro Contact Us Solutions WEBINAR: Why Now Matters: See why leaders in legal are rethinking the role of the DMS + our latest  features like AI Profiling and Agentic AI Save Your Spot Microsoft 365 integrations Connect to Microsoft Word, Teams, Copilot & More A next-generation experience with real-time desktop co-authoring, predictive email filing, document access from Microsoft Teams, and more. Explore Microsoft integrations Browse all integrations Document & Knowledge Management Document & Knowledge Management Overview Email Management Search & Filter Analytics Reporting Collaboration & Productivity Collaboration & Productivity Overview Document Collaboration Sites Microsoft Teams Integration eSignature Document Bundling Legal AI & Workflow Automation Legal AI & Workflow Automation Overview Legal AI Assistant AI App Builder Ready-to-Go Legal AI Apps Legal Document Automation Security & Data Governance Security & Data Governance Overview Data Loss Prevention Ethical Walls Advanced Security Who We Serve WEBINAR: Why Now Matters: See why leaders in legal are rethinking the role of the DMS + our latest  features like AI Profiling and Agentic AI Save Your Spot Customer Stories Discover how legal professionals like you are experiencing a better way to work. Explore stories of moving from on-prem to the cloud, integrating technologies, elevating collaboration and security, automating workflows with AI, and more. Explore customer success stories By Organization Type Law Firms & Lawyers Small Law Firms Midsize Law Firms Large Law Firms In-House Legal Departments Public Sector Federal Government State, Local Government & Higher Education By Region Asia Australia & New Zealand North America South America UK & Europe By Use Case AI-Powered Automation & Workflows Cloud Document Management Collaboration Document Management Software Legal Practice Management + Document Management Microsoft 365 Integrations Security & Compliance Resources Inspire User Conference Join us for the annual event of the year! Don’t miss this chance to connect with a diverse community of industry leaders, experts, influencers, and peers to collectively share knowledge and discuss what’s next in the future of document management and legal technology. See more about Inspire in Arizona See more about Inspire in London See more about Inspire in Melbourne About the Company Our People Our Strategy Careers News & Press Industry Awards & Recognition Ways to Learn Blog Customer Stories Events Resource Library Help & Support Customer Help Center Service Status Submit a Ticket Partner Portal Contact Sales Sign In Region Login United States United Kingdom Germany Australia Canada Schedule a Demo NetDocuments named Overall LegalTech Company of the Year by the LegalTech Breakthrough Awards #1 trusted intelligent platform where legal professionals do their best work Simply intelligent document management Transform the way you work with an intelligent DMS that does more than just organize and secure your documents. Automate routine tasks, streamline workflows, and easily collaborate on documents with AI built into the platform — so you can focus on high-value legal work, deliver faster results, and provide better service to your clients. Schedule a demo Helping legal professionals do their best work for 25+ years. platform capabilities Experience a platform built for legal document management and in-house legal teams . Browse by use case Use Case Organization Type Document Management Go beyond getting organized and tap into your knowledge with an intelligent document management system. Learn about document & knowledge management Collaboration & Productivity Access documents from any device and share files with colleagues or clients securely, with real-time edits and version history. Learn about collaboration tools Legal AI & Automated Workflows Turn complex processes into automated workflows powered by AI, always keeping documents secure in NetDocuments. Learn about legal AI Security & Data Governance Sleep well knowing your documents are secure with tools for data loss prevention, ethical walls, and more. Learn about security Law Firms Find what you need, scale your practice, stay compliant, and deliver better client outcomes. Explore how we serve law firms In-House Legal Teams Do more with less, simplify data governance, and drive more value for the business. Explore how we serve in-house teams Public Sector Manage documents more efficiently and enhance transparency to better serve the public interest. Explore how we serve the public sector Featured Your success is our success. 7,000+ customers around the world leveraging an intelligent DMS 99.9% service uptime for reliable access to your documents whenever you need them 150+ seamless integrations that meet you where you work 4x per week average times an AI customer asks the Legal AI Assistant a question discover A smarter way to work Explore our most popular features Document Management Legal AI Assistant Microsoft Teams Integration AI App Builder Email Management Document Bundling Document Management Get organized using the world’s #1 trusted cloud-native document management system built to help legal professionals do their best work. Easily find the documents you need with secure and reliable document management software Be confident the version you’re working on is the right one Manage, share, and collaborate on documents in a centralized, secure space Learn more Legal AI Assistant Getting started with generative AI for legal is easier than you think! Instead of digging through documents to find answers, let the NetDocuments Legal AI Assistant do the work for you! Ask questions of one or hundreds of documents and get instant reliable answers Use pre-built prompts with the click of a button Keep your information securely within the DMS Learn more Microsoft Teams Integration NetDocuments seamlessly integrates with Microsoft Teams, allowing you to manage, preview, and collaborate on documents using the tools you’re already familiar with. Access the documents you need without leaving Microsoft Teams Easily save details from a Teams chat to NetDocuments Experience a better way to collaborate Learn more AI App Builder Automate routine tasks, scale your practice, and see day-one value with the AI App Builder – always keeping your documents within the secure guardrails of the NetDocuments intelligent DMS. Create AI apps for your unique workflows Use our ready-to-go AI apps for legal use cases Access education and demos to ensure you get the most out of generative AI Learn more Email Management Stop sifting through mountains of emails and let NetDocuments help you automatically file email messages by client, matter, topic, and more. Tame your inbox Centralize all related files and discussions Find what you need faster Learn more Document Bundling Say goodbye to tedious hours spent labeling and organizing printed documents for closings, litigation support, and more with better, faster document compilation. Assemble document sets quickly and accurately Reduce your paper footprint Work securely without ever leaving your DMS Learn more on-demand webinar The Hidden Costs of Outdated LegalTech: Understanding the gaps – and how to fix them Access Now Integrations Connect all your favorite tech for a single secure experience. The NetDocuments platform integrates with 150+ other technologies, including Microsoft 365, DocuSign, and practice management systems, making it a core solution that meets users wherever they work. Featured Microsoft 365 NetDocuments has long worked with Microsoft to bring together two foundational technologies that legal professionals use every day. Co-author, access documents from Teams, use Copilot, and more. Explore Microsoft integrations Docusign Advanced Litera LexisNexis Clio FileTrail Thomson Reuters Upland BA Insight and 150+ more Find an integration Featured Customer Story “In selecting technology, in large part it comes down to the people we’ll be working with moving forward. That’s what makes a change successful. Throughout our meetings and conversations, we had a comfort level with the NetDocuments team. And this sentiment was echoed by existing NetDocuments customers that we engaged with as part of our due diligence process.” Harris Tilevitz Chief Technology Officer Read customer story Resources Level up with these resources eBook/Whitepaper 2026 Legal Tech Trends: EMEA/APAC Edition The must-read report for legal professionals navigating AI, automation and the… eBook/Whitepaper 2026 Legal Tech Trends Report The must-read report for legal professionals navigating AI, automation, and the… Webinar AI in action: How APAC legal teams are shaping the future of work See how AI is transforming APAC legal work. AI is no… eBook/Whitepaper Lawyers Weekly Legal Ops unlocked 2025: Get Future-Ready or Fall Behind Your roadmap to modern, AI-powered legal operations. In 2025, legal teams… netdocuments An intelligent platform transforming the way legal teams work. Book a Demo Ready to make the switch to NetDocuments and make it easier to get work done? Contact Sales Solutions Document & Knowledge Management Legal AI & Automation Microsoft Integrations Collaboration & Productivity Email Management Security & Data Governance Resources & Support Customer Help Center Partner Portal Blog Events Resources Library Customer Stories Ready-to-Go Legal AI Apps Company Our People Our Strategy News & Press Inspire US Inspire APAC Inspire EMEA Awards Contact Us NetDocuments 2500 Executive Parkway, Suite 300, Lehi, Utah 84048 LinkedIn X Terms of Use Privacy Policy Privacy Policy (California Residents) Cookie Policy Compliance Copyright © 2025 NetDocuments Software, Inc. All rights reserved.