Neterra Telecommunications Services Connectivity Dedicated Business Internet (DIA) Starlink Satellite Internet Broadband Business Internet (BIA) NetIX Layer 1 services  (Dark Fiber) Layer 2 services (Ethernet & IP VPN) Satellite Internet Satellite Services ICT Cloud & Dedicated Servers DDoS protection RIPE Services Managed Services Data Center Colocation Teleport IoT GPS Tracking Audio-Video & IPTV Search  Basic Audio-Video Services Neterra.TV IPTV: Online Video Platform Audio-video Streaming Industries Enterprises Finance & Insurance ICT Healthcare Media & Broadcasting Online gaming & Bets Content & Digital Media Transportation & Logistics Telecom Carriers Retail customers Network International network Sofia Metro Fibеr Network National network Resources Services Catalogue Presentations Brochures News Case Studies Blog Neterra.TV blog (BG only) Neterra.Cloud Blog About us Company Awards News Media about us Careers Partners Blog Contacts Български English Português Español Search Neterra We are a global communications service provider and IT assets manager. Nine of the world's 10 largest telecoms and nearly 1,000 global enterprises trust us, solidifying our position as an industry leader. We have been providing international connectivity , network management services, and security for almost 30 years across our core network of over 220 locations in 75+ countries . Your business can rely on us for international connectivity , DIA/BIA , peering , LEO Satellite Internet , DDoS protection , data center services , servers & cloud solutions , and many other solutions. See the full catalogue of services here. 4.6 220 75 145 30 Contact us https://www.trustpilot.com/review/neterra.net" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Trustpilot An Authorized Starlink Reseller We offer high-speed Low Earth Orbit (LEO) Satellite Internet by Starlink with 24/7 support and global installation. International Connectivity Expand your business internationally with Neterra. You can rely on over 220 Points of Presence in more than 75 countries on 6 continents. DIA: Dedicated Internet Access If you’re looking for reliable and consistent connection speeds with guaranteed uptime, Neterra’s DIA solution is for you. Available in more than 140 countries. Sofia Metro Fibеr Network Neterra's state-of-the-art infrastructure provides fast, dedicated and secure Internet with unlimited capacity to sustain the future growth of your business. Global connectivity for your business Connect with your customers swiftly, securely, and reliably—no matter where they are—through Neterra's expansive global optical network, featuring over 220 Points of Presence across 75+ countries on 6 continents. Trust Neterra for: All your high-speed, fully-redundant, global network connectivity requirements with speeds up to Nx100 Gbps. International IP connectivity. Peering with NetIX . Neterra is the parent company of the global internet exchange platform NetIX, offering you access to hundreds of internet exchanges and over 10,000 networks through a single port, single connection, single contact, and single contract. This allows you to connect to more than 50 global Internet Exchange platforms and numerous cloud services with guaranteed quality over an Ethernet-based infrastructure. A broad, global reach via its unrivalled partnership agreements. Benefit from our long-standing, diverse and valuable partnerships with key connectivity partners, cloud providers, data centers and IXPs. Cross-border connections to all neighboring countries via a highly-developed network across the Balkans and connections with Central and Western Europe, countries in the CIS region, North America, and South America. Connection of the Bulgarian-Romanian with the Bulgarian-Turkish and Bulgarian-Greek border through entirely own optical infrastructure, providing the shortest route for access to Asian and African operators. View our global network Global Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) Receive all of your data 2.3 times faster with the newly upgraded and improved network! DIA connections aren't shared with anyone else, giving you guaranteed speed whatever you’re doing, whilst enjoying upload speeds that are just as fast as download speeds 24/7! Discover our DIA Life at Neterra Become a part of us Services Connectivity Solutions Layer 1 Services Layer 2 Services Sofia Metro Fibеr Network Remote VPN IP VPN Business Internet Solutions Dedicated Business Internet (DIA) Starlink Satellite Internet Broadband Business Internet (BIA) Sofia Metro Fiber Network NetIX Rental of resources Neterra.Cloud Colocation DDoS protection RIPE Services Audio-Video Services Satellite Services Basic Audio-Video Services Online Video Platform Event Streaming Playout-as-a-service TV Channel IP Distribution End-user Services Satellite Internet Neterra.TV Customer Resource Management Netfleet Managed Network Services News Neterra Develops Innovative Software with EU Support Neterra Ltd. has launched a new project titled “Development of Analytical Software for Identifying Key Objectives and Specifics in Complex Custo... Read more The National Palace of Culture "The joint complex solutions and continuous monitoring provided by the company prevented multiple attacks, and the services provided guarantee the reliable and secure operation and protection of the systems." WebIT foundation "We are impressed by the professionalism, experience and responsiveness of Neterra's technical teams, who ensured the smooth and successful running of the festival by ensuring connectivity." Unimasters Logistic "Without any hesitation, we would highly recommend Neterra as a trusted provider of IT services and solutions." Partners view all Request information First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Company * Message * * Please, make sure you that your contact information is correct, so we can get back in touch! I have read and agree to the General Terms * I agree to receive marketing information from Neterra Send General Terms News Careers Partners Tenders Resources About us General Terms Policies Financial Data Contacts contact@neterra.net +359 2 975 16 16 Daily. Copyright © 2025 Neterra. All rights reserved. Website by Kipo