This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.

If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.

Accept
Decline
Products
Applications
Customers
Pricing
Support
Company
Buy Now
Secure networking solutions for the home

 

The world’s most popular, feature-rich and robust firewall, router and VPN solutions. Ideal for personal users, professional users, and organizations looking for easy-to-use, powerful, flexible, proven solutions for safely connecting to the Internet.

Home
Office
Cloud
Get Started
Prioritized office, IoT, and entertainment traffic
Prevent intrusions into your personal network
Secure network access for work-from-home
Stay connected with speed and reliability
Affordable next-gen firewall protection
Secure remote access to other offices and cloud
High-speed inter- or intra-cloud connectivity
Protect cloud-hosted applications and data
Run your own VPN service, or setup high speed site-to-cloud secure connections
Find the Right Secure Networking Software for Your Needs

Netgate offers two very powerful, but different, secure networking solutions - pfSense Plus and TNSR.

All-in-one network firewall, router, and VPN solution




Ideal for home, remote worker, business, and service provider network connectivity and protection

Equipped with many router and firewall features typically found only in expensive commercial routers
Flexible VPN solution options
Known for robustness and stability
Highly extensible with 3rd party packages to support block lists, content filtering, intrusion prevention, policy-based routing and more
Easy to install and maintain via web GUI
Available for on-premises and cloud deployment
Learn MoreCompare with TNSR
"We've been using pfSense for our Firewall/IDS for five years - across multiple work sites with HA CARP configured - and it is outstanding. Just does most things exceptionally well."
Stephen D.
FINANCIAL SERVICES
High-performance software router with industry-leading price-performance, scalability

Ideal for demanding service provider and business edge, campus, data center and cloud connectivity environments - where high-speed routing and encrypted traffic handling are required

Vector Packet Processing (VPP) with Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) enable up to two orders of magnitude speed gain over traditional kernel-based packet processing solutions
Software scalable to 10, 25, 40, 100 Gbps and beyond
Suitable for edge and core routing, site-to-site VPN, cloud connectivity, large scale NAT applications
Managed through CLI and/or RESTCONF API
Achieves super-scale routing without the six-figure price tag.
Contact sales for pricing. 
Learn MoreCompare with pfSense Plus
"I really put TNSR through the paces. What I found was that I’m incapable of generating enough traffic to stress the box - without a lot of effort - and that frankly, I’ll never generate real-world traffic anywhere near its capacity."
Torstein S.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Secure Networking Bases Covered

Whether at home or in the office, safely connecting to the digital world requires three fundamental capabilities at the network edge.

Firewall Protection

Monitor incoming and outgoing network traffic and configure settings to allow or block specific traffic based on a defined set of security rules.

pfSense Plus

Secure VPN

Encrypt your traffic so no one can see what you do online, or interfere with your traffic - to and from your location, across the Internet, to its far-end destination.



pfSense Plus

TNSR

Routing Control

Connect computers and other devices to the home or business to the world, choose the best route for your information to travel, and decide which computers get priority over others.

pfSense Plus

TNSR

Deploy How You Like and Where You Need

Netgate secure networking solutions can be deployed virtually or physically on premises, and virtually in the cloud.

Appliance
Software
Cloud
1100
2100
4200
6100
8200
8300
Netgate 1100

The Netgate 1100 is the ideal microdevice for the home and small office network with up to 1 Gbps routing and 607 Mbps of firewall throughput.

 Cost-efficient / Low power
 Sleek, compact
 Silent operation (fanless)

Put on a desktop, shelf, or wall
1100 with pfSense+
pfSense+ Appliances
TNSR Appliances
Compare All Appliances
Customer Stories

Read customer stories to learn how pfSense Plus and TNSR software empower their businesses while saving precious budget.

All Customer Stories
By Solution
Firewall
Router
VPN
Attack Prevention

 

High-Performance Edge Routing
High-Throughput Site-to-Site IPsec
By Industry
Construction
Defense
Education
Healthcare
IT Services
Featured Story
USNS Mercy

U.S. Navy deploys pfSense Plus software on the Netgate 1537 and AWS Cloud for network security and management.

Read Full Story
Why Netgate?
Industry-Leading Open
Source Contribution and Leverage

The power of open source software is evident. Netgate closes the gap between open source projects and ready-to-deploy, business-assured solutions.

Price-Performance that is
second to none

Cutting-edge packet processing performance and feature sets with no-frills, flat-rate pricing that crushes proprietary alternatives.

Champion of low total
cost of ownership

No hidden costs. No vendor lock-in. Easily integrated into your existing management framework.

Enterprise-class
customer support

24x7 TAC Support with SLAs included to provide the business assurance you need.

Proven and Trusted the
World Over

Over seven million firewall, VPN, and router installs worldwide. Netgate can fulfill virtually any day-to-day or mission-critical secure networking need.

Strong Commitment to the Open Source Movement

Ongoing contribution to numerous secure-networking open source projects including Clixon, DPDK, FD.io, FreeBSD, FRR, pfSense, strongSwan, and VPP.

Featured Netgate Resources
Solution Briefs
5 Reasons Security Teams Choose pfSense Plus Firewalls
Download Now
Whitepapers
Open Networking Survey Report
Download the Report
Latest Resources
pfSense, FreeBSD
Security Advisory: Potential remote command execution via DNSSL router advertisement messages
pfSense, Releases
Netgate Releases pfSense Plus Software Version 25.11
TNSR, Cloud, AWS
TNSR on AWS: A High-Performance, Cost-Saving NAT Gateway Enhancement
See More Resources
Change your secure networking destiny.
Get Started
Products
Appliances
pfSense Plus
TNSR
Applications
pfSense Plus
TNSR
Customers
Stories
Pricing
Appliances
pfSense Plus
TNSR
Training & Professional Services
Support
FAQ
Resources Library
Professional Services
Training
Community Forum
Documentation
Contact Support
Security
Company
About Us
Blog
Press
Careers
Partners
Legal
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Subscribe to Email Updates
 
 
 
 
Copyright 2025 Rubicon Communications LLC (Netgate). All rights reserved.