UK Web Hosting from NetHosted | Fast & Reliable with UK Support Email Hosting Personal Hosting Business Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Why Us? Client Login Status Contact us Contact us Status Client Login Why Us? VPS Hosting Business Hosting Web Hosting 30 Day Trial I have a Support enquiry I have a Sales enquiry UK Web hosting you can trust Find out why tens of thousands of websites call NetHosted home. NetHosted Features 24/7 support from our UK team UK Based servers and datacentres Established for 20+ years Prices from just £3 .29 /month The NetHosted Promise 30 DAY GUARANTEE We guarantee you'll love our fast, friendly service - or we'll refund your money. No quibble, no fuss, no hassle. Rated Excellent ★★★★★ "I would recommend them to anyone. You can get your site hosted for peanuts elsewhere, but NetHosted go the extra mile in terms of support, advice and up-time." Tim Stephenson 5 / 5 nethosted.co.uk Application optimised hosting Our UK hosting plans come with over 150 apps for FREE . We offer optimised hosting for the popular applications below (and 100s more!), including automated installation, updates and backups. We provide SSD disks for database hosting which means your pages will load up to 10x quicker than on spinning disks. WordPress WordPress is the leading blogging platform, we offer highly optimised UK WordPress hosting using SSDs for database queries ensuring a fast loading blog. Drupal Drupal is an advanced content management system allowing flexible website design, powering business and government portals it offers advanced features for enterprise. Joomla Joomla is the most popular extensible content management system used by businesses such as eBay, it's between WordPress and Drupal in ease of use, with a passionate dev community. Magento Magento is a powerful eCommerce store system providing online shopfronts for leading retailers including Nike. With advanced features it offers everything an online store could need. MediaWiki MediaWiki allows you to create your own user editable Wiki, powering Wikipedia one of the most visited websites globally it's ideal for collaborative documentation. Piwigo Piwigo is an online gallery application letting you build and organise private or public photo albums. Simple and secure it makes online photo sharing easy. Try us RISK-FREE - Join NetHosted today and get a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee - View our hosting plans Benefits of NetHosted 100% SSD based hosting Files and databases are hosted on our SSD RAID array which provides blisteringly fast access times and provides a huge increase in operations per second over traditional hard disk based hosting, as well as increased reliability. Continuous data protection Your email and website data is backed up daily and we keep these backups off-server for up to 1 month. At any time we will be storing around 10 complete backups of your data. Free application installer Our application installer lets you setup web apps in a few clicks, no need to worry about downloading files or databases, upgrading installed software is just as simple! Smartphone support Whether you have an iPhone, Android or any other smartphone it can be configured to connect to our email servers, so you can always access your email on the move, wherever you are in the world. Established business We're not a fly-by-night operation; we've been operating for over 20+ years now and we serve millions of web pages each day on our service. Cloud Based Hosting Our CloudLinux platform isolates each user account, preventing any one account from being able to monopolise resources, ensuring your websites and email will always load quickly and without interruption. UK servers and staff We are an entirely UK based company, we do not outsource any of our servers or staff so you receive the best support possible at all times - 24/7 - 365 days a year. Free Website Builder We offer a powerful website builder with 900+ templates that are ready to use, so you can get a professional website up and running quickly without any coding required. 30 money back guarantee We offer a no-quibble 30 day money back guarantee so you can try us risk free. We love happy customers so try us today with nothing to lose! Still not sure? Click here now for a 30-day trial for just £1 Navigate Blog Knowledgebase Status Affiliates Careers Client Login Contact us Support Sales Our trusted partners © NetHosted Ltd. - Company No. 05123818 - VAT Reg No. GB919677471 Terms & Conditions