Netmera | Omnichannel Customer Engagement Platform See Customer Journeys That Drive Growth → Skip to content Platform Channels Mobile and Web Push Notifications E-mail Mobile In-App SMS Marketing – Netmera WhatsApp Web Pop-Ups Feedback Button Products Web Personalization Mobile A/B Testing Data & Analytics Tagless Data Capture Surveys & Feedback​ Funnels Customer Journeys Customer Data Platform Live Activities Industries Banking and Finance Retail and E-commerce Travel And Hospitality Telecommunication Media and Entertainment Media and Entertainment Banking and Finance Retail and E-commerce Travel and Hospitality Telecommunication Company About Netmera – Our company, story and leadership team Contact us – Netmera Partners – Netmera Netmera Careers About Us Contact Us Careers Partners Resources Blog Glossary – Netmera Top Customer Engagement Use Cases Banking & Fintech Media & Entertainment Food & Beverage Resources – Netmera Netmera Developer and User Guide Case Studies Blog Glossary Top Use Cases Resources Success Stories News Docs & User Guide​s X Login Get a Demo Customer Engagement & Growth Platform REQUEST A DEMO Unify data. Run analysis. Perfect every conversation. All in one AI-powered platform. Connect and Engage better with your users Power your campaigns with Netmera. Boost their impact with a personalized, cross-channel approach. Take advantage of your owned media sources to drive higher engagement and improve retention. Churn won’t be a problem for you any more. Watch Video Take your marketing to the next level Build omnichannel campaigns easily Segment your users and create personalized campaigns with Netmera’s drag-and-drop dashboard. It’s all yours! You have complete control of your campaigns. The best performance, at any scale Our best-in-class infrastructure allows brands to scale up without having any performance problems. Sending millions of push notifications in a few seconds is a piece of cake. Performance and reliability at any scale. Your messaging delivered indeed 100% Reliable. Trusted for mission-critical messaging of all industries including Banking and Telecom. Premium support Support and success teams guide you all along the way, with regular follow up meetings. Yes, like an extension of your team. 500+ million app users 5 min to create and publish a campaign on Netmera dashboard 35% uplift in LTV Netmera gives you all the growth tools you need. Different channels complete each other. Reach your users the right way with Netmera’s omnichannel engagement platform. Mobile Push Notification Keep your users coming back to your app with personalized mobile notifications. Increase your app traffic and boost your conversions. Mobile In-App Better engage users who are actively using your app with targeted messages, pop-ups, or surveys that urge them to complete key in-app actions. Customer Journey Every customer takes a different journey.  Craft high-impact journeys, create personalized experiences, and engage with your customers across channels. Reach them wherever they are. Web Personalization Personalize on-page elements without the need of coding in the blink of an eye. Communication tailored to your customers’ needs make it easier to get the results you want. Web Pop-Up Get your message in front of your audience in all the channels, grow constantly. Choose one of our pre-built templates that best suit your brand or simply create a new one. Web Push Notification Catch your visitors’ attention even offsite and ensure that they come back to your site with desktop and browser notifications. New blog post, abandoned cart reminder, promotion or product announcements… SMS Give your users a connected experience across all channels. Whether it’s transactional or marketing related messages, use SMS to reach your customers anywhere. Your secret weapon for retention. E-mail​ Use emails as part of your omnichannel strategy. Easily design and send e-mails that get noticed. Win back your lost or inactive users that you can’t reach with push notifications. Hear what our customers say Hakan Öztürk OTT Growth & Product Coordinator at beIN MEDIA GROUP beIN MEDIA GROUP We effectively utilize the Netmera system on the TOD OTT platform. Segmentation efforts maintain our leadership position. The user-friendly interface allows us to conduct operations seamlessly. We became industry leaders with the widget feature we acquired last year. Berk Çağlayan General Manager at Hayhay E-Para ve Ödeme Hiz. AŞ The integration of Netmera into our Hayhay strategy holds significant importance beyond automated and transactional communications—it's crucial for user segmentation. This enables us to address our widest audience and finely segmented individuals precisely. Successfully testing our communication campaigns on segmented audiences in a test environment allows us to confidently plan for our future agendas. Mehmet Sungur CRM Data & Analytics Director - Aktifbank As Aktifbank, we needed a service provider to keep in touch with our customers at all times and to keep our customers informed of current situations, new campaigns and innovative solutions. We started working with Netmera Customer Engagement Platform, in order to strengthen our communications via the app. We achieved this goal thanks to Netmera's ease of use, clarity, innovative solutions and always responding to our demands as soon as possible. Engin Kehale VP, Product, Content & Business Development - MacKolik Netmera was the solution to our problem regarding sending push notifications to millions of users in seconds. And with them as our partner, we set MacKolik apart as a leading company in the industry and our brand is seen as the fastest and most reliable sports news source by our users. Plus, thanks to Netmera's rich notification and personalization capabilities, we improved our open rates and retention easily. Rıza Doruk Ercan Performance Marketing Director - Denizbank At the integration stage, there are various obstacles for both mobile applications and websites. In order to truly overcome these obstacles, it is necessary to approach with a macro perspective and be planned. Therefore, it should be intended that data continue to be collected in line with your other existing integrations. If you build your structure on the existing data architecture while acting in line with this purpose, your integration will be carried out with minimum resource effort. You can also easily solve issues such as automation, targeting, segmentation and conversion tracking. At this point, Netmera's compatibility with our existing architecture also enabled us to manage our scenarios quickly and securely. Samet Kaçan Growth Executive - Moov We switched to Netmera from another provider. We can set up automation scenarios for the correctly segmented audiences a lot more easily than we used to do with our previous provider. We have many criteria for our automations and it's super easy with Netmera. We use it like a multichannel platform for push notifications, in-app messaging, SMS and email. Reminders, coupon codes, surveys and much more. We also like its reporting capabilities, we are able to track the funnels based on specific events and take necessary actions. They are really like an extended team of ours. We keep having regular meetings to discuss the results of our campaigns. We are very pleased to work with Netmera. Samia Gamal Managing Director - Sarmady. Netmera’s ability to micro-segment and target based on events in real-time, over web and mobile, enables us to interact with our users most effectively. This is critical for our media assets where the value of content is so time-critical. We see Netmera’s omnichannel approach and consistent customer support in building our brands as a true differentiator. Ataç Tansuğ Executive Vice President, Digital Services&Solutions - Turkcell Since we have started to work with Netmera, we feel like we are now capable of doing more than we could. We were already using Netmera for our push notification, pop-up and analytics needs to reach out to our 39.4 million subscribers. With this product, we can now set up feedback forms in a few minutes and collect instant feedback which allows us to gain insights, and take actions more freely and fast. We can have real-time data. Netmera also allows us to edit our campaigns whenever we want before publishing, and everything is editable. We feel more confident and free while working on our campaigns. Analyzing our campaigns is also easier and more measurable. Easy integrations with the tools you already use We integrate with all the leading solutions. Just to name a few: Proven. Tested. Trusted. 4.8/5 Overall Score Check out the objective reviews about Netmera’s Services and Products by leading brands. Latest Blog Posts Blog 2026 Mobile Marketing Strategies and the Best Tools to Apply Them Customers expect experiences that feel personal and seamless, yet most brands still deliver fragmented interactions across apps, web, SMS, and… Read More Blog Tagless Data Capture: Automatic Event Tracking for Teams That Can’t Wait on IT Tagless data capture automatically detects and collects screen views and user interactions without requiring manual code implementation for each new… Read More Blog Picking the Right Journey Orchestration Software That Integrates Data and Automates Workflows Marketing and product teams know they need customer journey orchestration. The concept is familiar. What is still difficult is building… Read More View more posts Connect better with your users Request a Demo Subscribe to our newsletter Products Customer Data Management Customer Journeys Web Personalization Testing and Experimentation Data & Analytics Tagless Data Capture Surveys & Feedback​ Funnels Channels Mobile & Web Push E-Mail SMS Whatsapp Mobile In-App Web Pop-Ups Live Activities Feedback Button Netmera AI Industries Media and Entertainment Banking and Finance Retail and E-commerce Travel and Hospitality Telecommunication Company About Us Careers Contact Us Partners Why Netmera Customer Referral Program Resources Blog Glossary Top Use Cases Resources Success Stories Developer and User Guide © 2024 — Netmera. All Rights Reserved.   | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy (EU) | GDPR | KVKK Linkedin X-twitter Facebook Youtube Instagram Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent