Net Nanny: Parental Control Software & Website Blocker | Net Nanny Contact Us Buy Now Products Features All Features Parental Controls Screen Time Management Website Blocker Block Apps Track Location Internet Filter Block Pornography Alerts and Reporting Family Feed Parent Dashboard YouTube Monitoring Social Media Protection Blog Support Net Nanny 10 Downloads My Settings My Subscription Net Nanny 10 Settings Forgot Password? Buy Now Best Parental Control App Only Net Nanny® uses Artificial Intelligence to block dangerous content the instant before your child sees it. While other solutions use older techniques, attempting to catalogue each website, Net Nanny® uses modern content detection technology to look at every web page every time your kids click on a link, enter a URL, or do a search. Best Parental Control App 5 Device Family Protection Pass $79.99 $54.99 Get Started Windows Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com Macos Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com macOS Ios Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com iOS Works on Windows, macOS, and iOS 30% OFF | 5 Device Family Protection Pass $79.99 $54.99 Rated #1 Best Parental Control - Tom's Guide Net Nanny is the safest Content Filtering solution available and is accurate the instant web content is requested. Windows Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com Macos Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com macOS Ios Streamline Icon: https://streamlinehq.com iOS Works on Windows, macOS, and iOS Get Started The Best Parental Control to Keep Your Kids and Family Safe Online Monitor With Net Nanny®, you can monitor your family’s digital habits and protect them from harmful content. Limit Make managing screen time a breeze with the power to change limits at your fingertips. Protect Net Nanny® provides the most effective content filtering to keep your family’s website browsing safe in real-time. Net Nanny's Revolutionary New Family Feed Provides: Instant Reporting of Online Searches Visibilty to Apps Used by Your Kids Real-time Alerts on Porn, Suicide, Weapons and Drug-related Content How Net Nanny® Protects icon Parental Controls Get peace of mind with the best parental control software on the market. icon Internet Filter Be in control of your family’s online activity with the #1-rated Internet filter. icon Block Pornography Limit exposure to adult content or block pornography in real-time. icon Screen Time Management Tailor your family’s screen time and set specific hours of the day when your child can be online. icon Block Apps Block apps on your child's cell phone and tablet with Net Nanny's parental control software. icon Website Blocker The most effective and best website blocker available for families. Learn More 1 Desktop For PC & Mac $49.99 $39.99 /Year Protect one desktop with all Net Nanny ® features. Windows macOS Buy Now 30% Off For A Limited Time 5 Devices Family Protection Pass For PC, Mac & iOS $79.99 $54.99 /Year $11 per device/year Protect 5 devices with all Net Nanny ® features. Windows macOS IOS Buy Now 20 Devices Family Protection Pass For PC, Mac & iOS $129.99 $89.99 /Year Less than $5 per device/year Protect 20 devices with all Net Nanny ® features. Windows macOS IOS Buy Now The #1-Rated Internet Filter Net Nanny® keeps kids safe from viewing adult content while allowing them to browse online safely. The #1-Rated Internet Filter Net Nanny® keeps kids safe from viewing adult content while allowing them to browse online safely. Learn More The #1-Rated Internet Filter Net Nanny® keeps kids safe from viewing adult content while allowing them to browse online safely. Learn More Use Net Nanny’s top-rated porn blocker and parental control software to get peace of mind today! Use Net Nanny’s top-rated porn blocker and parental control software to get peace of mind today! Did you know that 82% of children are exposed to inappropriate material online by age 11? Did you know that 82% of children are exposed to inappropriate material online by age 11? Learn More Featured On: Take back control of your family’s screen time with the most trusted parental control software used by millions of parents since 1996. Get Started Take back control of your family’s screen time with the most trusted parental control software used by millions of parents since 1996. Get Started About Us Press Room Testimonials Customers Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Tech Support Documentation Accuracy Feedback Other Brands Zift Parent Portal Follow us on © 2018-2025 SafeToNet Limited. All Rights Reserved.