Netpulse | EGYM Skip to main content Discover our exciting 2025 innovations – built to supercharge your club. Netpulse joins EGYM The EGYM Branded Member App is your next-generation fitness app, combining features you love with a new and improved user experience. New Mobile Packs Tailored Features The complete mobile fitness solution is a package of features and functionalities – not just an app. Our mobile packs consist of the right mix of features and branding options for your fitness or health facility. Deeper Integration By joining forces with the international fitness technology player EGYM, we are now able to provide a deeply integrated mobile product that connects seamlessly with all major wearables, apps, and member management systems. Bigger Ecosystem EGYM combines hard- and software into powerful fitness technology solutions. Whether you are looking for a digital-only option or expanding into smart fitness equipment, we can now offer you a full-fledged ecosystem of products. New Features. New Possibilities. The Branded Member App continues improving on the Netpulse app you love and adds numerous powerful features to the mix. Easy-to-use slot booking feature to manage capacity restrictions and traffic flow at your facility. Improved workout tracking that tracks nearly every possible workout type via endless integration of wearables and apps. Engaging challenges to provide your members with extra motivation and a sense of community. Points-based activity levels that members can collect by being active. Reach new levels and unlock powerful health benefits! Check out the Branded Member App! Discover our different Mobile Packs or sign up for a free demo today! Learn More This content is hosted by a third party (%%host%%) and requires you to allow Marketing Cookies, which you currently have disabled. By showing the external content, you accept our use of Marketing Cookies and our Show External Content Select Your Location Can't find your country? Check out our International page for distributors in your area! Close Smart Strength Smart Cardio Fitness Hub Branded Member App EGYM Trainer Support Careers Training Programs For Operators Copyright © 2025 EGYM Whistleblowing Channel Cookies Legal Notice Privacy Policy Health data notice for Washington and Nevada Terms of Use Update Cookie Preferences and Do Not Sell My Data Settings Please select your location and language Country Language Continue in English Continue in English (Germany) Continuer en Français (France) Weiter auf Deutsch (Deutschland) Continuar en Español (España) Continue in English (France) Continue in English (United Kingdom) Continue in English (Spain) Can't find your country? Check out our international page for distributors in your area.