Netspark Mobile - Netspark Mobile Features Pricing Download iPhone Android Windows Mac Support FAQ Getting Started Account Settings Contact Us Call (US): 1 855 772 7530 Call (UK): 0808 281 2504 Language עברית Français Menu Features Pricing Download iPhone Android Windows Mac Support FAQ Getting Started Account Settings Contact Us Call (US): 1 855 772 7530 Call (UK): 0808 281 2504 Language עברית Français Free Trial Log In Netspark Mobile. The Best Internet Filter For You & Your Family Netspark Mobile. The Best internet filter for you & your family 2,000,000+ Daily Active Users 90% of Israel’s Schools 20 billion+ Webpages, Images, and Videos Scanned Daily The Features You need Real-Time
Online Filtering Netspark scans and filters all incoming pictures and videos (including streaming video) for inappropriate content. Sexting Prevention Prevent a device from sending and receiving inappropriate text, photos, and videos. Screen Time
Management Limit screen time on specific devices with daily or weekly settings, and adjust schedules as needed. Filter Even While Offline On many Windows and Android devices, Netspark Mobile can filter offline content such as video and image files. Personalized Settings Block or allow specific websites or categories. Adjust filtering levels for certain users or devices. meeting you and your family's needs Netspark Mobile is designed to work on any device you and your family members may use – computer, tablet, or smartphone. It can be run on Windows , Mac , iOS , and Android , ( Chromebook – coming soon!) so you do not have to choose between a new device and a lack of internet protection! Try It Free! Choose Your Plan Every plan includes: Real-time filtering of images, videos, and text Screen Time management Offline Protection (Windows / Android) Remote Dashboard Manage websites, programs, and games Uninstall Protection Filtering without blocking the entire page/site Sharing (Sexting) Prevention Monthly $ 15 7-Day Free Trial Try It Now! Cancel anytime Annually $ 150 7-Day Free Trial Try It Now! Organizations Contact us! Request Quote Cancel anytime Save 15% On 3+ Devices* Your discount will be automatically applied when using the same credit card. *For up to 9 devices. For additional devices, please contact us . They like us, they really like us! “Excellent software. Does the job in the most efficient way possible. Can be changed according to different needs. Holy work” – Abraham Google review “The app works very well, and it helps me filter harmful content. It works in total seamlessly, and you don’t even know it’s there until the app needs to block something.” Apple review “Properly the best Internet filter money can buy” Zack Google review “This is among the best out there. It’s tough to properly secure iPhone, but Netspark does a good job.” Apple review “Amazing amazing filter with top notch service! Highly recommended” Google review “The app really helps me to filter the harmful contact such a photos videos and text from my child device when he browse the Internet” Toto Apple review Previous Next Proven and Trusted Netspark Mobile is built on patented, advanced algorithms developed by Netspark Ltd. over the past thirteen years. Netspark’s technology is trusted and used across the world: I ndividuals and families depend on it for a safer internet experience. Schools , including 3,000+ schools in Israel, rely on it to shield students from pornography and other negative effects of internet use. Law enforcement partners with Netspark to detect CSAM (child sexual abuse material) and arrest criminals. Major UGC (User-Generated Content) platforms utilize Netspark to efficiently and quickly scan user-generated content for inappropriate materials. Our Partners & Customers Netspark's technology protects over 2,000,000 daily active users! Support Help Center Guides FAQ Contact us Company About Privacy policy EU Privacy policy Terms of use Connect Facebook Linkedin © Copyright Netspark 2025