Network Rail – we run, look after and improve Britain's railway Skip to main content Who we are Who we are Discover more about the people who run Network Rail, our commitment to safety and sustainability and how we connect Britain through our infrastructure. Sustainability Publications and resources Our approach to safety Transparency and ethics Equity, diversity and inclusion Our history Our stories Safety in the community Community Rail Charities and volunteering Our work Our work Our work keeps Britain moving. From maintaining and upgrading thousands of miles of track to delivering major infrastructure projects, we ensure the railway is safe, reliable, and sustainable. Our regions Our routes Looking after the railway Long-term planning Key projects Keeping our workforce safe Living by the railway Industry and commercial Industry and commercial Whether you're an operator, supplier, or commercial stakeholder, here you'll find the essential tools and information needed to work with us. Rail freight Information for operators Third party investors Supply chain Efficient and dependable partner Research, development and innovation Consulting insight – using AI to run a reliable railway The timetable GSM-R: the railway’s mobile communication system Rail Travel Rail Travel Whether you're planning a journey or need station information, we can help. Discover everything from accessibility and safety to how we manage disruptions and support passengers. Assisted travel Our stations Planning a trip Station Retail Directory Staying safe and secure Delays explained Train operating companies Careers Careers We’re building a better railway for a better Britain—and we need passionate people to help us do it. Whether you're just starting out, changing direction, or looking to grow your career, we offer a wide range of opportunities. Careers search Life at Network Rail How we recruit Early Careers Students Media Media Network Rail's Media Centre Contact the press team National and regional news Pictures and videos Contact us Search Contact us Who we are Discover more about the people who run Network Rail, our commitment to safety and sustainability and how we connect Britain through our infrastructure. Sustainability Publications and resources Our approach to safety Transparency and ethics Equity, diversity and inclusion Our history Our stories Safety in the community Community Rail Charities and volunteering Our work Our work keeps Britain moving. From maintaining and upgrading thousands of miles of track to delivering major infrastructure projects, we ensure the railway is safe, reliable, and sustainable. Our regions Our routes Looking after the railway Long-term planning Key projects Keeping our workforce safe Living by the railway Industry and commercial Whether you're an operator, supplier, or commercial stakeholder, here you'll find the essential tools and information needed to work with us. Rail freight Information for operators Third party investors Supply chain Efficient and dependable partner Research, development and innovation Consulting insight – using AI to run a reliable railway The timetable GSM-R: the railway’s mobile communication system Rail Travel Whether you're planning a journey or need station information, we can help. Discover everything from accessibility and safety to how we manage disruptions and support passengers. Assisted travel Our stations Planning a trip Station Retail Directory Staying safe and secure Delays explained Train operating companies Careers We’re building a better railway for a better Britain—and we need passionate people to help us do it. Whether you're just starting out, changing direction, or looking to grow your career, we offer a wide range of opportunities. Careers search Life at Network Rail How we recruit Early Careers Students Media Contact the press team National and regional news Pictures and videos Main menu Contact us Search Network Rail homepage Stories around our network More stories Find us on X We own, operate and develop Britain’s rail infrastructure. Follow #PuttingPassengersFirst #RailwayUpgradePlan Visit us on X Find us on Facebook For more information & current news around Network Rail, please visit us on Facebook. Visit us on Facebook Together we can end domestic abuse Home Who we are Staying safe and secure Media Contact us Rail Ombudsman Copyright © 2025 Network Rail Privacy notice Cookies Terms & conditions Accessibility statement Modern Slavery Statement Site Map Follow us on: