Network for Good | Bonterra Skip to Main Content Products For Nonprofits Fundraising + Engagement​ EveryAction Personalize outreach and turn insights into action Network for Good Smart tools for small nonprofits DonorDrive Peer-to-peer fundraising that works Mobilize Mobilize and manage volunteers GiveGab Run record-breaking giving days Case Management Apricot Flexible case management tools built for scale Explore Solutions for Nonprofits For Foundations​ Capacity Building Jumpstart Equip nonprofits with tools to fundraise more effectively Giving Days​ GiveGab Run record-breaking giving days Explore Solutions for Foundations For Corporations​​​​ Grantmaking & Employee Engagement​ CyberGrants Streamline grant management and employee engagement Capacity Building Jumpstart Equip nonprofits with tools to fundraise more effectively Explore Solutions for Corporations For Government Case Management Apricot for Government Case management compliance solutions built for scale Capacity Building Jumpstart Equip nonprofits with tools to fundraise more effectively Explore Solutions for Government Solutions Solutions by Need Fundraising Software Grant Management Software CSR Software Case Management Software Employee Engagement Software Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Software Nonprofit CRM Volunteer Management Software Donor Management Software Advocacy Software Bonterra Que: Nonprofit AI Solutions by Industry Health + Human Services Banks and Financial Institutions Medical Affairs + Research Arts + Cultural Organizations Education Why Us Pricing Corporate Social Responsibility Fundraising and Engagement Case Management Resources Discover resources that will help you advance your mission Learn more Resource by type Insights & Learnings Expert tips, guides, videos, and worksheets Blog News, trends, and thought leadership Events and Webinars Live and on-demand learning sessions Case Studies Success stories from real organizations Bonterra Academy Courses and training for better nonprofit management Resource by topic Capacity Building Digital Communications & Marketing Employee Giving Employee Volunteering Fundraising Giving Day Grants Management Medical Affairs Login Social Solutions ETO (United States) Social Solutions ETO (Australia) Social Solutions ETO (Canada) CyberGrants DonorTrends FrontDoor GiveGab – Core GiveGab – Enterprise Donation Forms Mobilize Network for Good SalsaLabs – Salsa Engage Social Solutions Apricot Login Support Request a Demo Login Select a Product to Log In Social Solutions ETO (United States) Social Solutions ETO (Australia) Social Solutions ETO (Canada) CyberGrants DonorTrends FrontDoor GiveGab – Core GiveGab – Enterprise Donation Forms Mobilize Network for Good SalsaLabs – Salsa Engage Social Solutions Apricot Login Support Request a demo Search for: Search Dismiss Search Modal Bonterra Network for Good Tools, support and coaching small nonprofits need to succeed Everything that made Network for Good the industry leader for small and medium nonprofit fundraising is now part of Bonterra. Request a demo View pricing The Network for Good you loved — now powered by Bonterra Request a demo Features Bonterra Network for Good includes powerful features, including: • Donor management • Volunteer management • Online fundraising pages • Peer-to-peer fundraising • Mobile messaging • Events and auctions • Bonterra Que AI fundraising assistant Flexibility Network for Good helps thousands of small and medium-sized nonprofits attract and organize donors and volunteers. Nonprofits and organizations of any size can benefit from the industry-leading features from Network for Good, alongside other best-in-class software to attract new donors, increase engagement, and empower motivated supporters. Coaching Network for Good offered coaching and free online resources through its extensive blog and webinar series — many of which have moved to our events and webinars page. Additionally, Bonterra offers tools like comprehensive supporter profiles, data-driven dashboards, and tools to optimize the supporter experience so you can build lifelong connections with donors. Built-in, always-on, mission-aligned AI Bonterra Que is your trusted AI fundraising assistant built directly into Network for Good. Que helps your team work with more confidence and clarity. No new tools to learn, no technical training required, and clear logic behind every insight. It doesn’t just advise, it acts, providing outputs based on fundraising best practices, and your data, to save time and increase impact. Best practice guidance Get guidance grounded in fundraising best practices. Bonterra Que gives advice informed by anonymized insights from over 90,000 campaigns, so you can act with confidence. Access data-driven fundraising strategies without hiring a consultant or more staff. Make confident decisions backed by proven methods and real-world results. Personalized coaching Make smarter decisions with advice tailored to your data and mission. Bonterra Que reviews your performance signals, suggests the next best action to take, and plans out entire fundraising campaigns to support your mission. Surface priority opportunities based on your donor data, past campaign performance, and peer benchmarks. For example, focusing on mid‑level givers where you’ve seen the most success. Generate step‑by‑step fundraising campaign plans aligned to your strengths. Remove the guesswork with recommendations based on real results. Donor segmentation in plain language Create segments in seconds to improve targeting and increase response rates. Just describe who you want to reach, and Bonterra Que builds precise audiences using giving behavior, engagement history, and interests. Use simple prompts like, “Help me find lapsed mid‑level donors likely to reengage.” Easily make adjustments and save segments to activate across channels. Intelligent donor stewardship Build stronger donor relationships without added staff or effort. Using your own data and predictive AI models, it surfaces which donors you should be connecting with to increase engagement, retention, and long-term giving. Prompt the right outreach at the moment it matters most, based on donor behavior and patterns in your data. Craft relevant messages that make donors feel seen and valued, regardless of their stage as a donor. Maintain consistent, meaningful communication that boosts loyalty and lifetime value — even without a dedicated stewardship team. Email and form creation Launch compelling campaigns faster. Instantly build emails and donation forms that feel like your organization, not a template. Que handles the heavy lifting so you can focus on strategy and storytelling. Build fundraising emails in your brand, tone, and voice, tailored to your audience and ready for real-time editing. Keep messaging consistent and compelling while speeding up creation, so you can launch more often, with less effort. Launch polished, mission-aligned donation forms using natural language prompts, no past fundraising experience required. Learn more about Bonterra Que HOW IT WORKS Preview Network for Good 1 of 5 Network for Good Known for its easy-to-use software and accessible fundraising coaches, Network For Good has always provided the technology and expertise nonprofits need to fundraise and manage donors. EveryAction Known for its world-class digital fundraising, advocacy, development, and CRM capabilities, EveryAction is the unified core that powers Bonterra’s fundraising and engagement solutions. It enables you to deliver one unified experience across all the programs you run. Mobilize Known for its deep network of engaged volunteers and easy-to-use volunteer management capabilities, Mobilize brings the power of volunteer management to our solutions, enabling you to integrate volunteering seamlessly into the broader supporter experience. GiveGab Known for helping communities, nonprofits, and educational institutions run successful, high-impact fundraising events and giving days, GiveGab allows customers to integrate extremely successful giving days into their fundraising strategy. DonorTrends A first mover and industry leader in bringing data science and artificial intelligence to the nonprofit space, Bonterra’s solutions are deeply integrated with DonorTrends’s proprietary predictive models and intelligence. Support Packages Your technology should give you expanded capacity, better efficiency, and less stress. Bonterra’s Support Packages are here to help you maximize the value of your solutions with dedicated assistance for team training and process improvement. Learn more Why Bonterra Network for Good? 22+ years of experience servicing non-profits This is a great home for Network for Good, with its kindred focus on impact, and we are excited to leverage the combined [Bonterra]’s leading software solutions to the benefit of our customers and the sector. Bill Strathmann Award-winning fundraising and engagement software THE NEXT PHASE Network for Good is now a part of Bonterra For the last twenty-plus years, Network for Good has helped more than 8,000 small —to medium-sized nonprofits build their supporter base. Known for its easy-to-use software and accessible fundraising coaches, Network for Good has always provided the technology and expertise nonprofits need to raise money and manage donors. Network For Good retains everything that made it an industry leader for small and medium nonprofit fundraising while deepening and sharpening that focus. Bonterra Network for Good the simplest, most holistic, and most powerful packaging of Network For Good software to date. This offering includes tiers not only for small and medium-sized nonprofits that Network for Good specializes in but also for nonprofits of all sizes and their unique fundraising needs. FAQs about Network for Good What is Network for Good? Network for Good is nonprofit software for fundraising and donor engagement. Before it was acquired by Bonterra, Network for Good was founded in 2001 and was a certified B Corporation. The business was originally set up by a partnership formed by Yahoo!, AOL, and Cisco Systems to process charitable donations. Network for Good grew quickly and acquired several other charitable giving platforms, eventually becoming an independent company in 2013. When did Bonterra acquire Network for Good? On January 4, 2022, Network for Good officially confirmed that it had joined EveryAction, Social Solutions, and CyberGrants in being acquired by Bonterra. Network for Good previously had two distinct sides of its business: nonprofit technology, including fundraising software, coaching, and resources. Bonterra acquired this software, and its features are now part of Bonterra Network for Good product. The other part of of the company still exists today as a 501(c)(3) donor-advised fund (DAF). What kinds of security standards does your platform follow? Bonterra takes the security and reliability of our solutions seriously. With over two decades of experience in the nonprofit software space, we understand how important it is to safeguard supporter records, understand how your data is stored, and adhere to industry best practices and protocols — especially for organizations working with sensitive information. Talk to us to learn more about how our solutions can meet your security standards. What kind of onboarding and migration support do you offer? Bonterra offers a range of options, from data migration and customer onboarding included for smaller organizations to more custom migration planning and account management options for mid-sized and larger nonprofits. We’d love to help you navigate your move to Bonterra. How can I log in to Network for Good? Login to our products using the link below Network for Good Looking for support? Visit our support page . Bonterra Network for Good Streamline your fundraising efforts and maximize impact with an all-in-one fundraising software — designed to save you time and resources. Request a demo ForGood.org The 501(c)(3) charity that operates a technology-enabled donor advised fund which enables donors to raise and direct funds to their favorite charities. Formerly known as Network for Good. View ForGood.org The latest from our social good ecosystem Blog The 16 best donor management software options for nonprofits in 2025 Effective donor and donation management means more than tracking financial contributions. Finding the best donor management software is one of the best ways to engage your donors and enhance your fundraising approaches to generate interest, maximize impact, and build strong relationships with your donor base. Selecting the best donor management software for their current needs, […] Blog How to create a donor stewardship plan: step-by-step guide Resources Must-have nonprofit email list growth checklist Resources Best practices for your next fundraiser auction. Browse Resources WORK WITH BONTERRA Ready to drive more impact? Request a demo Office Austin, TX 10801-2 N Mopac Expy Suite 300 Austin, TX 78759 Products For Nonprofits For Foundations For Corporations For Government Discover Resource Hub Insights & Learnings Blog Events and Webinars Case Studies Bonterra Academy Get Support Bonterra Newsletter About Bonterra Why Us Culture, Values + DEIB Our Responsible AI Commitment Leadership Careers News and Press Partner with Us Contact Awards Let’s get started Get answers from Bonterra experts about the best tools for your teams. Request a demo Bonterra's Instagram Account Bonterra's LinkedIn Account Bonterra's Facebook Account Bonterra's YouTube Account Bonterra's X Account Want to partner with us? Copyright © 2025 Bonterra. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice Your privacy choices Mobilize NGP VAN Terms of Use