New America Skip to main content New America Search Programs Programs — Better Life Lab Center on Education & Labor Early & Elementary Education Future Frontlines Future of Land and Housing Future Security Higher Education New America Chicago New America Fellows New Practice Lab Open Technology Institute Planetary Politics Political Reform PreK-12 Education Teaching, Learning & Tech Us@250 Initiative Publications The Thread Events About Support New America — We are dedicated to renewing the promise of America by continuing the quest to realize our nation's highest ideals, honestly confronting the challenges caused by rapid technological and social change, and seizing the opportunities those changes create. About — Our Story Our People Our Funding Press Room Jobs & Fellowships Donate Apply to the New America Fellows Program We are now accepting applications for the Class of 2027 to the New America Fellows Program! Program About Page The Impact of Increased ICE Activity on the Child Care Workforce and Mothers’ Employment Better Life Lab Report An Analysis of DC Eviction Filings: June Through October 2025 Future of Land and Housing Brief Highlights Our Story Find out more about our distinctive community of thinkers, writers, researchers, technologists, and community activists. Jobs & Fellowships Explore the jobs, fellowships, and internship opportunities at New America. Podcasts New America's slate of podcasts focuses on telling stories about realizing America's promise of equity and opportunity. Highlights Our Story Find out more about our distinctive community of thinkers, writers, researchers, technologists, and community activists. Jobs & Fellowships Explore the jobs, fellowships, and internship opportunities at New America. Podcasts New America's slate of podcasts focuses on telling stories about realizing America's promise of equity and opportunity. We are dedicated to renewing the promise of America Read about our mission. Upcoming Events Jan. 13th, 2026 Redrawing the Lines that Divide Our Students: Data and Tools for Better, Fairer School District Boundaries Join New America’s Education Funding Equity Initiative to learn more about their new report, Redrawing the Lines, and interactive tools. Online Only RSVP Jan. 15th, 2026 CTE 101 Join PAYA National Partner Advance CTE for a CTE 101 session designed for youth apprenticeship intermediaries and advocates new to youth app Online Only RSVP Jan. 15th, 2026 Wisdom of the Crowds Explore how governments can successfully host and possibly institutionalize citizens assemblies through this panel followed by a reception. Washington,
  DC RSVP View All Where policy, equity, and culture come together. Read and subscribe to The Thread, a blog by New America. Recent Publications Dec. 19th, 2025 Four Ways Netflix’s ‘A House of Dynamite’ Could Rewrite the Future of Nuclear Preparedness Amy Nelson says the issue isn't if ‘A House of Dynamite’ could happen, but whether it will change how we confront nuclear-crisis risks. By: Amy J. Nelson Future Security Article In The Thread Dec. 19th, 2025 Tackling Displacement, Eviction Data, and More: FLH’s Year in Review Future of Land and Housing Blog Post Dec. 19th, 2025 What Peter Arnett Asked Osama bin Laden Peter Bergen writes on the death of Peter Arnett and the question he asked Osama bin Laden. By: Peter Bergen Future Security Article/Op-Ed Dec. 18th, 2025 US Dramatically Escalates Air Strikes on Somalia Under Trump This Year Al Jazeera cites New America's data on U.S. strikes in Somalia. By: David Sterman Future Security In The News Piece View All New America Our Story Publications Programs Events Our People Jobs & Fellowships Press Contact Us New America 740 15th Street NW, Suite 900 Washington, DC 20005 Programs Events Publications Subscribe Creative Commons Mission People Funding Policies & Procedures Contact Jobs & Fellowships Press Donate