Dec 30, 2025 2:00 PM
Subscribe
E-PAPER
NATION
WORLD
STATES
OPINION
CITIES
BUSINESS
SPORT
GOOD NEWS
MOVIES
LIFESTYLE
VIDEOS
WEB SCRAWL
Top Stories
Delhi
Dense fog disrupts Delhi airport operations: Over 100 flights cancelled, several diverted
According to officials, 60 arrivals and 58 departures were called off due to low visibility, while 16 flights had to be diverted to other airports.
World
Trump once again claims credit for ending India-Pakistan conflict during Netanyahu meeting
Delhi
Air India Express pilot arrested in connection with alleged assault on passenger at Delhi airport
World
Australian police find no evidence of 'broader terrorist cell' in Bondi Beach shooting
World
Khaleda Zia, Bangladesh’s first female prime minister and archrival of Hasina, dies at 80
Zia had faced corruption cases she said were politically motivated, but in January 2025, Court acquitted Zia in the last corruption case against her, which would have let her run in February's general ...
Nation
Rats destroyed 200 kg of marijuana? Jharkhand police claim leaves court stunned
Calling the explanation a case of “gross negligence,” the court expressed serious concern over the police’s failure to safeguard seized material.

Advertisement

Load More
Nation
Tripura student killing: NHRC issues notice to Dehradun DM, SSP
The 24-year-old student from Tripura was "brutally attacked" when he tried to defend his brother, who was called "Chinese" by the attackers.
Congress claims national water award won by MP's Khandwa with AI-images; administration rejects charge
Six Hindu Raksha Dal members held for distributing swords in Ghaziabad colony
INTERVIEW | ‘Aravalli should be defined in terms of geology than height’
INTERVIEW | ‘Aravallis among the oldest mountain systems in world’
Will provide full support to expert panel: Yadav
After reunion of Pawars, Shinde likely to join them against BJP in Pune polls
Load More

Advertisement

Web only
A lot to cheer for the Indian economy in 2025, but rupee, jobs and exports remain a concern
Homebound plagiarism dispute: The poignant question of who truly owns the narrative?
By losing local body polls, has Pinarayi already lost Kerala? And what of Tharoor and BJP?
Portrait of the filmmaker as a young world cinema snob
When Santa met Bapu: The Christmas spirit in Gandhi's soul
India's shameful failure to grieve Dalits killed for love
Delhi's poisoned air and the failure of Indian environmentalism
Sreenivasan: The master of subtle humour

Advertisement

Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms Of Use
The Morning Standard
Dinamani
Kannada Prabha
Samakalika Malayalam
Cinema Express
Indulgexpress
Edex Live
E-PAPER

Copyright - newindianexpress.com 2025. All rights reserved.

Powered by Quintype

X