News for Black America - NewsOne Menu News World Nation Local Current Events Crime Good News Obituaries Social Justice Race Matters Police Brutality #BlackLivesMatter Video Politics Policy Surviving Trump The Black Ballot DNC RNC Opinion Entertainment Movies Television Music Sports Black History Black Folklore Juneteenth Womens History Month Tech Subscribe Toggle search Search Search ✕ Close Opinion Dumbest Moments Of 2025 Part 2: The Trump Effect NewsOne compiled a list of the dumbest moments of 2025, largely based on the failures of the Trump administration. Comment Opinion Afrikaner Detained By ICE Shocked Whiteness Didn't Save Him Benjamin Schoonwinkel, an Afrikaner from South Africa seeking asylum in the United States, was arrested by immigration agents in Georgia. Comment Opinion Before We Step Into 2026, Here Are Some Of The Dumbest Moments Of 2025 There were so many dumb moments in 2025 that we had to split them into two separate columns. Read this one, and read part 2 tomorrow. Comment Opinion Judge Dismisses Indictment Against Richard LA The judge dismissed the indictment against Carlitos Ricardo Parias with prejudice, which means the feds can't attempt to go after him again. Comment Opinion Kwanzaa Isn’t 'Fake,' But America’s Outrage Over It Is Kwanzaa teaches Black folks that they are allowed to build meaning deliberately, community can be centered, and identity does not have to be mediated through whiteness. Comment News Supreme Court Blocks Trump From Deploying National Guard In Chicago The Supreme Court’s block comes as President Donald Trump approved the deployment of 350 National Guardsmen into New Orleans ahead of the new year. Comment Race Matters For White People Who Want The 'W' In White Capitalized When White Privilege Isn't Enough Elon Musk retweeted a post complaining about the "b" in Black being capitalized, while "white" is still in lowercase. Comment Opinion JD Vance Responds To Nick Fuentes' Remarks About His Wife Vice President J.D. Vance attacked Nick Fuentes over racist comments he made about Vance's wife, Usha Vance. Comment Race Matters JD Vance Was A Perfect Messenger For Unapologetic Whiteness Vice President J.D. Vance is the walking proof-of-concept for the lie at the heart of white grievance politics. Comment Opinion The Prison Rape Elimination Act Isn’t About Sex. It’s About Power And Accountability PREA is a federal law that mandates safety, dignity, and accountability for incarcerated people, but its enforcement is being quietly rolled back. Comment Race Matters Jasmine Crockett Claps Back At JD Vance's Racist Comments Black women in politics face intense misogynoir, but Rep. Jasmine Crockett refuses to be distracted, embracing her authenticity. Comment Solve the crossword → Play Newsone’s daily puzzle! Newsletters → Join the NewsOne Newsletter Latest News News Justin, Christian Combs To Release New Docuseries On Diddy Comment News Cop Who Killed Tamir Rice Fired From Another Policing Job, Again Comment Good News Here Are The Most Popular Slang Words Of 2025 Comment Crime Judge Overturns Conviction Of Accused Jam Master Jay Killer Comment Bison ONE Newsroom – From The Yard To The Frontlines The Bison ONE Newsroom is a groundbreaking, first-of-its-kind partnership between a national media corporation and an HBCU journalism program—a partnership that honors the power of HBCUs as incubators of cultural and political transformation. Comment Covfefe Chronicles with Dr. Stacey Patton <b><i>The Covfefe Chronicles with Dr. Stacey Patton</i></b> is where America’s chaos meets unflinching commentary. Hosted by award-winning journalist and author Dr. Stacey Patton, this podcast cuts through the noise with sharp analysis, biting humor, and unapologetic truth-telling about race, culture, politics, and power. Each episode peels back the headlines to expose the double standards, lies, and historical amnesia shaping our current moment. If you’re tired of sanitized punditry and craving clarity with edge, The Covfefe Chronicles will give you the context and candor mainstream media won’t touch. Comment Crossword Puzzles NewsOne Crossword Puzzle Sept 17 Comment Trending Rumored 'Texas Serial Killer': Here's What We Know Comment White Man Pulls Gun On Ohio Cop And Is Taken Alive Comment Tina Peters Asks State Court To Honor Trump's Illegal Pardon Comment Stephen Miller Dreams Of A White Nationalist Christmas Comment Dad Who Fatally Shot Kentucky State Student Not Indicted Comment Black Folklore The Ghost Of Willie Earle: A Civil Rights Horror Story There is a ghost roaming the halls of Pickens County Museum in South Carolina and his name is Willie Earle. Comment How Racism Destroyed A Black Town In California Comment The Black Pilgrims Of Plymouth Comment MLK Conspiracy Theories Surrounding His Assassination Comment 2:25 Black Folklore In Video Season 2 Ep 8: The Brothers Of Pine Oak Comment More Black Folklore Arts & Entertainment Movies The Best Family Movies To Watch This Holiday Season Holiday movies bring families together, offer diverse stories, and inspire reflection on relationships and life's journey. Comment Entertainment Tory Lanez Speaks From Prison, Says He's Not A 'Monster' Tory Lanez fights conviction for shooting Megan Thee Stallion, claims new evidence deserves review. Comment Entertainment The Most Common Holiday Scams—And How To Avoid Them Every year, we hear that “scam season” starts earlier and ends later—and if you think crooks only work 9-to-5, think again. People fall victim to fraud year-round, but there’s a real spike during the holiday season. That’s because during this time folks are stressed, in a rush, spending more money, and opening themselves up to […] Comment More Arts & Entertainment Politics News Alicia Johnson: 1st Black Woman On Georgia’s Public Service Commission With her election to the Public Service Commission, Alicia Johnson also becomes one of the first Democrats to win statewide office in 19 years. Comment Opinion Jasmine Crockett Supports Israel And Here’s What That Means Rep. Crockett’s defense is not that she hasn’t materially supported Israel. Her defense is that the support came packaged with other priorities. Comment News Hakeem Jeffries Says ACA Subsidies Bill Has Bipartisan Support Four House Republicans signed a discharge petition last week that forces a vote on extending ACA subsidies, despite House Speaker Mike Johnson's refusal. Comment More Politics Social Justice Opinion VP JD Vance Says 'Don't Apologize For Being White' VP Vance tells white Americans they no longer need to apologize for being white, makes racist remarks about Rep. Crockett. Comment Race Matters Black Students Face Racism In Texas Schools With No Support The Education Department has closed several civil rights offices, leaving many Black students with no recourse when dealing with systemic racism. Comment Race Matters 18 Navy SEALS Were Disciplined For Racist Harassment Of Black SEAL Rear Adm. Milton Sands, the former head of Naval Special Warfare Command who disciplined the SEALS, was fired by Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth. Comment More Social Justice Good News News Buddhist Monks March Through Georgia During 'Walk For Peace' The 19 monks, led by Bhikkhu Pannakara, began their journey Oct. 26 at the Huong Dao Vipassana Bhavana Center in Fort Worth, Texas. Comment Good News Black Man Who Spent Decades On Death Row Has Case Dismissed Elwood Jones was convicted of aggravated murder in 1994 and received the death penalty for the murder of 67-year-old Rhoda Nathan. Comment 29:43 Bison ONE cover The Bison ONE Newsroom in Conversation with Cathy Hughes Over 50 years ago, Cathy Hughes, the founder and chairperson of Urban One, was one of the very first faculty members of the School of Communications at Howard University. Comment More Good News Opinion Opinion Why Black Paychecks Are About To Shrink As Health Care Costs Surge For Black workers, increased premiums will show up directly in their paychecks as higher premium contributions, reduced benefits, and slower wage growth. Comment Opinion Pam Bondi Credits Trump With Biden's Drug Death Decline Attorney General Pam Bondi tweeted a chart that showed a sharp decline in drug overdose deaths, thinking she was praising Trump, not Biden. Comment News Brian Cole: DOJ Memo Explains Pipe Bombs Placed At RNC, DNC Brian J. Cole Jr. was arrested this month after a nearly five-year investigation into pipe bombs planted in D.C., before the Capitol Riot. Comment More Opinion Latest News HHS Freezing Child Care Funds In Minnesota Over Fraud Claims Conservative influencer Nick Shirley went viral with a video alleging several Somali-owned child care facilities were committing fraud. Comment News More Musicians Cancel Kennedy Center Performance After Trump Renaming The Kennedy Center Board unanimously voted to add President Donald Trump’s name to the center, despite it possibly being a violation of federal law. Comment News Boxer Anthony Joshua Injured In Fatal Car Crash In Nigeria British Boxer Anthony Joshua was a passenger in the vehicle and riding with four others when the tragic car crash happened. Comment News What 2025 Taught Us About Pop Culture, Politics And Ourselves 2025 made it clear that pop culture and politics now overlap, with the internet acting as a public court of opinion. Comment Celebrity News Tyler Perry Faces Another Sexual Assault Lawsuit, 2nd This Year Over the summer, “The Oval” actor Derek Dixon sued Tyler Perry for allegedly sexually assaulting him throughout production of the series. Comment National Gmail Will Allow Users To Change Their Email Addresses Gmail To Let Users Change Their Email Addresses Without Losing Data Or Old Emails Google is finally allowing Gmail users to change their email addresses without losing their data. This long-awaited feature addresses a common frustration for users who have been stuck with outdated or unprofessional email addresses created years ago. Previously, Gmail users who […] Comment Opinion ICE Agents Forcibly Enter Women's Restroom During Raid Immigration agents forced their way into a women’s bathroom and told an occupant to "pull up your pants and come out" during a raid. Comment News K’aun Green To Receive $8M Settlement Over Police Shooting In 2022, K’aun Green was shot four times by a San Jose police officer in a case of mistaken identity. The officer has since resigned from the force. Comment Opinion Diasporic Connection: Finding Deeper Roots In The Bahamas Taryn Finley writes, "throughout history, our music, food, and dialect have been the most accessible forms of expression we’ve been able to hold onto." Comment Load More Love NewsOne? Get more! Join the NewsOne Newsletter Thank you for subscribing! This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe We care about your data. See our privacy policy . NewsOne News World Nation Local Current Events Crime Good News Obituaries Social Justice Race Matters Police Brutality #BlackLivesMatter Video Politics Policy Surviving Trump The Black Ballot DNC RNC Opinion Entertainment Movies Television Music Sports Football Basketball College Sports Black History Black Folklore Juneteenth Womens History Month Tech Quick Links About Us Advertising Careers Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service COOKIE SETTINGS Ad Choice Subscribe Facebook X Instagram YouTube An Urban One Brand Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved. Facebook X Instagram YouTube Privacy Policy Terms of Service COOKIE SETTINGS Ad Choice Careers About Us Subscribe Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC .
		All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP | An Urban One Brand Close