Dedicated Server, Server Colocation, Web Hosting, Web Design, Best Web Hosting Providers in Hong Kong Profile Web



                  Hosting Server



                  Management Other



                  Services Domain



                  Search Corporation



                  News Our



                  Customers Technical



                  Support Contact



                  Us Order 



            Form Download Form Flash



                  Version Profile Newsbook 



              Limited has been a licensed ISP and providing full Internet 



              services to clients with years' experience. We have 2200Mbps connection (faster than 1400 T1 leased lines) to the HKIX and the international Internet backbones. Our price, bandwidth and service quality are rated the best Web Hosting provider in Hong Kong by world-known Enterprise Association. We have grown to become one of the biggest - fifth B2B ISP in Hong Kong as reported by Sing Tao Daily and PC Market. (ref: PC



            Market 329 issue, 17th Nov., 99 ); -- Being one of the largest web hosting house (ref: Wen



            Wei Po Newspaper, 14th April, 2000 ); -- A report of HK's largest web hosting house Newsbook (ref: Ming



            Pao Daily, 11th July, 2000 ) --



            Newsbook Ltd. develops stablely (ref: A



            report by Economic Report 19th November,2001 ) --



            Quality service and special price to attract small to medium sized enterprises (ref: A



            report by Sing Tao Daily 11th September,2002 ) more.. Background Founded



            in 1998, Newsbook Limited is an Internet service provider with full



            ISP license from Hong Kong government. The company has been a licensed reseller of the American network pioneer Cisco



            System. Newsbook Limited uses these innovative broadband network



            technologies and multimedia applications in the operations of



            Internet Exchange. Mission Our mission is to provide



            state-of-the-art services and technology to the benefit of the



            business and the Internet community in Hong Kong. Through our high



            capacity Internet exchange functions and application software,



            interactive multimedia services can be provided in an open and cost



            effective manner. Strength *Extremely fast ATM



            backbone connection *Experienced technical and networking staff *Adaptive and smart co-operation mentality *Well-equipped and stable Data Center *State-of-the-art networking equipment *Strong consulting and application development capability News * 2025 Spring Festival Newsbook have interest to purchase web hosting same business in Hong Kong Newsbook have interest to purchase web hosting same business in Hong Kong, We are welcome for your call or mail contact if your company have a mind to to terminate or to



                  resell. Requirement : over 100 no. of existed clients and got HK business registration . More details... Register Newsbook webhosting plan  Gain double storage space From now on, new client registered Newsbook webhosting plan will gain almost double hosting storage space. So attractive and amazing ! . More details... Newsbook



                        provide free virus-filtrated service Over



                        hundred Virus-emails received in your mailbox, afraid



                        your computer will be infected and caused computer down,



                        thus slow down your working speed? Dont worry.



                        Newsbook can help you! More details... SiteMap ©1998-2020 NEWSBOOK LIMITED Rm 1, 1/F, Hung Tai



        Bldg., 37-39 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong (Property of Newsbook



        Group) Tel:(852)27820197 Fax:(852)23967073 E-mail: info@newsbook.net Newsbook provides web hosting , website design dedicated servers , Hong Kong server colocation , China server rental. Newsbook has Windows dedicated servers, Linux dedicated servers etc. Support php, 

		asp, net, windows, forum, blog web hosting . Newsbook services : email , web hosting providers, hosting services, virtual website hosts , web page design, Liunx dedicated server , Windows dedicated host , HK host colocation , server rental, China server colocation , Hong Kong server renta l, China server rent , IDC data center , domain name registration , news , 1 , 2 , sitemap