San Antonio News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Family and friends call for justice after man killed during Christmas party shooting SAN ANTONIO &mdash; Family and friends are celebrating the life of Edward Trejo, the man killed after a noise complaint turned violent.His family says he was a man of PHOTOS: Alamo Bowl Tailgate Party ahead of TCU and USC clash SAN ANTONIO &mdash; We've got a big game here in town tonight. TCU and USC will face off in the Valero Alamo Bowl. Former Austin police officer Christopher Taylor acquitted in 2019 fatal shooting case An appeals court has overturned the conviction of a former Austin police officer who was sentenced to prison in connection with the 2019 shooting death of 46-ye Multimodal transportation plans in New Braunfels to tackle traffic woes and enhance safety The city of New Braunfels, in collaboration with the Texas Department of Transportation (TXDOT), is set to embark on a series of infrastructure projects totalin SUBSCRIBE Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Dangerous Dogs Investigators Beyond The Podium Question of the Day Amazing America Spotlight on America Connect to Congress Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted Texas Pay It 4-Ward Crisis in the Classroom Immigration Crisis Podcast Mobile App Weather Current Weather San Antonio Sunny 40 F 68 / 40 Today 68 / 40 Thursday 73 / 54 Friday 86 / 58 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Maps Radar Weather Stories Allergens Hurricane Center Weather App Investigations Investigations New lead emerges in 16-year-old disappearance of baby Gabriel Johnson SAN ANTONIO - New details have surfaced in the mysterious disappearance of Gabriel Johnson, a baby who vanished 16 years ago.Gabriel was last seen in San Anton Company building Bandera solar farm files Chapter 11 bankruptcy BANDERA, TX - A new development in the battle over a huge solar farm in Bandera. The company behind the project has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.A North Caro AI-Generated porch pirate videos go viral as package theft climbs Holiday deliveries are stacking up across the city, and so are the viral videos claiming to catch porch pirates in booby-trapped &ldquo;instant karma&rdquo; moments. I-Team uncovers abandoned vehicles at airport garage as long as two years SAN ANTONIO - The airport is looking to hire a towing company to remove abandoned vehicles from its parking garages. The move comes after our News 4 I-Team inve Cleanest Kitchens Medical Bills SA Living SA Living Aim to Bring Kindness and Warmth in 2026 with Your New Years Resolutions New Years resolutions usually come with a long to do list, but this year, we're flipping the script. Instead of doing more, what if we focused on being better t Pet of the Week: Meet Marlin and Peaches The holidays are all about family and that includes our furry friends. This morning, we're introducing you to a loveable pet looking for a forever home. Marlene Pet of the Week: Meet Cookie and Cupcake It's time for our Pet of the Week and this holiday season; you can give to animals in need. Wendy Black and Allisa Stringo with the Footbridge Foundation joined LearningRx Reflects on Life-Changing Improvements Families Experienced This Year The holidays are all about unwrapping gifts, but today, we’re talking about a different kind of gift. Dr. Gina Cruz from LearningRx joined us to share what fami Food Contests Living Bios Subscribe to Newsletter Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 40 ° Thu 73 ° Fri 85 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow SUBSCRIBE Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Dangerous Dogs Investigators Beyond The Podium Question of the Day Amazing America Spotlight on America Connect to Congress Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Addicted Texas Pay It 4-Ward Crisis in the Classroom Immigration Crisis Podcast Mobile App Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Maps Radar Weather Stories Allergens Hurricane Center Weather App Investigations Down Arrow Investigations Home Cleanest Kitchens Medical Bills SA Living Down Arrow SA Living Home Food Contests Living Bios Subscribe to Newsletter Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Features Down Arrow Features Home Contests Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight For Pet's Sake Armstrong Army Strong Healthy Home Pay it 4-Ward Where the Locals Go Newsletter Sign Up About Us Down Arrow About Us Home Contact News Team Careers Programming Commercial Production Mobile App Newsletter Sign Up Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Local Sports Spurs Zone Don's Extra Point High School Cowboys Texans UTSA TICKETS City Guide Olympics Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Body discovered during search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.Investigators t Ken Seals' storybook debut lifts TCU past No. 16 USC in Alamo Bowl We've got a big game here in town tonight. TCU and USC will face off in the Valero Alamo Bowl. Countdown to 2026 at Celebrate SA Join us as we say goodbye to 2025 and countdown to 2026 at Celebrate SA, San Antonio's largest new year's eve party. Fatal plane crash near Fredericksburg leaves one dead, investigation continues FREDERICKSBURG, Texas &mdash; One person was killed after a plane crashed on Tuesday near Fredericksburg.According to a social media post by Fredericksburg Fire EMS, MISSING: 17-year-old Angelique Johnson SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office is asking for the public’s help in locating a missing 17-year-old girl last seen on the Northwest Side of San An Three school district employees arrested on child abuse charges amid misconduct allegation CIBOLO, Texas - The Cibolo Police Department has announced the arrest of three employees from Watts Elementary School following allegations of misconduct.On De Teen accused in River Walk pepper spray attack denied release SAN ANTONIO - A woman who was arrested after allegedly pepper spraying a guided riverboat tour along the San Antonio River Walk will stay in jail at least for a Suspect accused of assaulting woman numerous times arrested, police investigating SAN ANTONIO - A man is in custody after allegedly restraining and repeatedly assaulting a female family member.Around 1:30 p.m. on Monday, Dec. 29, officers wer Family and friends call for justice after man killed during Christmas party shooting SAN ANTONIO &mdash; Family and friends are celebrating the life of Edward Trejo, the man killed after a noise complaint turned violent.His family says he was a man of Man arrested minutes after failed bank robbery attempt KERRVILLE, Texas &mdash; A man is in custody after police say he attempted to rob a Kerrville bank on Tuesday afternoon.Police were called just before 1 p.m. to the K Local News Human smuggling suspects jump into Rio Grande River with infant child to avoid capture The infant was placed under the care of law enforcement. AR-10 Rifle found at community park near elementary school, police investigating SAN ANTONIO - Police are investigating after an AR-10-style rifle was found in a park, not far from an elementary school campus.Around 11:10 a.m. on Christmas D Tragic Christmas Eve crash claims lives of two teens, community rallies support The Soapy Falls Express Car Wash family in Round Rock is remembering two of their employees who tragically lost their lives in a multi-vehicle crash on Christma Multimodal transportation plans in New Braunfels to tackle traffic woes and enhance safety The city of New Braunfels, in collaboration with the Texas Department of Transportation (TXDOT), is set to embark on a series of infrastructure projects totalin H-E-B recalls dairy-free coconut yogurt over undeclared almond allergen concerns SAN ANTONIO &mdash; A recall has been issued for an H-E-B yogurt due to the presence of an undeclared allergen.Plantbased Innovations, of Leominster, MA, is recalling Texas man charged with trying to provide bomb materials to ISIS The investigation began in mid-October, according to the complaint. Suspect accused of murdering wife in Christmas Day shooting arrested ROCKPORT, Texas - A suspect has been arreste in connection to a shooting on Christmas Day according to the Rockport Police Department.Alberto Sanchez, 65, has b See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Body discovered in search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.According to in Body discovered during search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.Investigators t Williamson County man arrested after attempting to kidnap child at park near Georgetown The Williamson County Sheriff's Office arrested a 28-year-old man over the weekend after he attempted to kidnap a child at a park near Georgetown.Christopher G Three school district employees arrested on child abuse charges amid misconduct allegation CIBOLO, Texas - The Cibolo Police Department has announced the arrest of three employees from Watts Elementary School following allegations of misconduct.On De FOUND SAFE: 14-year-old Sofia Gabriela Peters-Cobos last seen on Monday SAN ANTONIO - Offiicials are asking for the public's help finding a teen who was last seen on Monday. Nation & World CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. Oregon Somali community reacts to national rhetoric on Minnesota fraud allegations A surge of federal officers are cracking down on immigration in Minnesota after fresh allegations of fraud against daycares run by Somali residents. Fact Check Team: Exploring the roots of US-Venezuela conflict Tensions between the United States and Venezuela are once again climbing. While recent headlines focus on drug smuggling and U.S. strikes tied to trafficking ro More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. 2 charged for abusing 6 kids with baseball bats, hoarding animals in feces-ridden home: DA Two Elizabethtown residents accused of abusing six children with baseball bats and hoarding numerous animals will have their cases moved through county court. New law restricts people with extreme DUI convictions from buying alcohol A new law going into effect on New Year’s Day will restrict people convicted of extreme DUI offenses from buying alcohol. See More Right arrow Sports Fran-Tastic: Austin is Home to One of World's Best Wheelchair Tennis Players Plenty of players hold court at Grey Rock Tennis Club. However, few hold a candle to Francisca Mardones."It's almost impossible to describe how amazing it is," said former United States Davis Cup Captain, Dennis Rolston.Francisca enjoys tennis because it' Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. PHOTOS: Alamo Bowl Tailgate Party ahead of TCU and USC clash SAN ANTONIO &mdash; We've got a big game here in town tonight. TCU and USC will face off in the Valero Alamo Bowl. See More Right arrow Entertainment The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Staying safe on Texas roads: What to do after common accidents Accidents happen every day in Texas, and while no one plans to be involved in one, understanding the most common types of crashes can help you stay prepared. SPONSORED How to get the most benefit from a consultation with a defense attorney If you’re facing criminal charges, one of the most important first steps you can take is scheduling an attorney consultation. SPONSORED Decorate, don’t destroy: 6 holiday decoration tips to protect your home Holiday decorating brings joy and sparkle to the season, but it can also bring risks. Thomas J. Henry law shares some decorating tips. SPONSORED Fire-free festivities: 12 home holiday safety tips The holidays see an increase in home fires. Keep your home and your family safe with these tips. SPONSORED 5 warning signs of pharmacy malpractice Pharmacy malpractice can result in serious health consequences. Follow these tips to ensure you have the correct medication. SPONSORED Document everything: The value of evidence in a personal injury case When you’re injured in an accident, your health and recovery are always the top priorities. But soon afterward, documentation should be a main focus too. SPONSORED The right to a speedy trial and other important Sixth Amendment protections When someone is accused of a crime, the U.S. Constitution guarantees them certain fundamental rights that secure a fair trial. SPONSORED Summer safety: 10 backyard pool tips for kids Summer is here, and while swimming pools are an enticing way to beat the heat, they can also pose safety risks for children left unattended.Drowning is a leadin SPONSORED Swimming, grilling, and driving: 20 tips to stay safe this summer Summer is here at last, but with excitement comes the potential for risks and accidents. Stay safe with these tips. SPONSORED 7 personal injury situations that call for legal help If you’ve been hurt in an accident, you may be wondering whether you need a personal injury lawyer or if you can handle the situation on your own. SPONSORED Back to school: Know these common sports injuries Protect your kids against sports injuries. SPONSORED Back-to-school legal issues: How Texas law handles cyberbullying, digital crimes, and more As Texas students return to school, educators and parents face a growing set of legal challenges related to minors' digital behavior. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Hometown Experts Flex AC from Jon Wayne Service Company Discover the unique benefits of Jon Wayne&rsquo;s Energy and Space Efficient Flex AC Systems from Jon Wayne Service Company, an Alamo City Expert.Jon Wayne Service Co Improve the Airflow of your AC If you have a room in your home that&rsquo;s warmer or cooler than the others, you may have an A/C airflow issue. Here&rsquo;s more from our friends at Jon Wayne Service Co A/C Maintenance to Prevent Breakdowns Your home A/C System needs proper maintenance for efficiency, long life, and to prevent breakdowns. See how an A/C tune-up is performed by Jon Wayne Service Com Improve the Airflow of your AC If you have a room in your home that&rsquo;s warmer or cooler than the others, you may have an A/C airflow issue. Here&rsquo;s more from our friends at Jon Wayne Service Co A/C Tune-Up by Jon Wayne Service Company Your home a/c system needs proper maintenance for efficiency, long life, and to prevent breakdowns. See how an a/c tune-up is performed by Jon Wayne Service Com Randy Carroll Talks About his Jon Wayne AC System Country Radio Hall of Famer Randy Carroll shares some cool things about his Flex AC System from Jon Wayne Service Company, our Alamo City Expert.Jon Wayne Servi Improve the Airflow of your AC If you have a room in your home that&rsquo;s warmer or cooler than others, you may have an AC airflow issue. Find out what can be done from our friends at Jon Wayne S A/C Tune up from Jon Wayne Service Company Like your vehicle, your home A/C System needs proper maintenance. See how and why an A/C tune up is performed by Jon Wayne Service Company, an Alamo City expert San Antonio Gunslingers Professional Indoor Football Team San Antonio Gunslingers football games must be seen in person to truly experience the difference. This is not football as you know it, don&rsquo;t miss it!San Antonio Find the Right A/C System for Your House! Does you&rsquo;re A/C struggle to keep your home cool? You may have an under-sized A/C System. Jon Wayne Service Company, an Alamo City expert, tell us more!Jon Wayne Flex AC With Jon Wayne service Company! Discover the unique benefits of Jon Wayne&rsquo;s energy and space efficient Flex AC systems. Only from Jon Wayne Service Company, an Alamo City expert. Take a look t Creating a Comfortable Home with Jon Wayne Service Company Despite the cooler weather this week, we know the hot temperatures are on their way. Our hometown expert Jon Wayne Service Company has a new energy and space ef Cooler Homes with Jon Wayne Service Company! Country Radio Hall of Famer Randy Carroll shares some cool things about his flex ac system Jon Wayne Service Company, an alamo city expert.JON WAYNE SERVICE CO Getting AC Right with Jon Wayne Service Company! It can be difficult determining the right size AC system for your home. Jon Wayne service company, an alamo city expert, shows us how with a Manual J load Calc Keeping the Power with Jon Wayne Service Company! On the third anniversary of Snowmageddon, we&rsquo;ll never forget the poweroutages,Jon Wayne Service Company, an Alamo City Expert, shows how power loss can be pre See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Investigations AI-Generated porch pirate videos go viral as package theft climbs Holiday deliveries are stacking up across the city, and so are the viral videos claiming to catch porch pirates in booby-trapped &ldquo;instant karma&rdquo; moments. Dangerous dog filings double as San Antonio residents report more incidents The number of affidavits for dangerous dogs doubled over the last  fiscal year, rising from 300 to over 600 Residents report improvements after one year of new dangerous dog enforcement policies SAN ANTONIO &mdash; A San Antonio letter carrier is recovering after a violent dog attack in the 78201 ZIP code, an area longtime postal workers say has been a persis See More Right arrow SA Living Aim to Bring Kindness and Warmth in 2026 with Your New Years Resolutions New Years resolutions usually come with a long to do list, but this year, we're flipping the script. Instead of doing more, what if we focused on being better t Pet of the Week: Meet Marlin and Peaches The holidays are all about family and that includes our furry friends. This morning, we're introducing you to a loveable pet looking for a forever home. Marlene Could the rise in winter vegetable sales signal a shift in holiday dining habits? Salads layered like art projects, bright pesto pastas, skillet green beans with sizzling garlic, soups blended into luminous shades of jade. Pet of the Week: Meet Cookie and Cupcake It's time for our Pet of the Week and this holiday season; you can give to animals in need. Wendy Black and Allisa Stringo with the Footbridge Foundation joined See More Right arrow Food How to make a protein rich steak salad Ring in the holidays at Bohanan's bar where you can enjoy delicious drinks and great food! Chef Heather was here to tell us more.Chef Heather showed us her prot Private igloo dining experience at the Hard Rock Cafe If you want to unwrap a magical experience this holiday season, we know just the spot. Michaela was at Hard Rock Cafe to show us a private igloo dining experien Great tamales for your holiday party It's that time of year, tamale season! Tanji Patton was here with a few of her favorites.Tanji recommends heading out to Chilitos for your tamales this year! T See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contests News Weather Sports About Us Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.