Newswise | Leading Source of Research News ☰ News Latest News COVID News Currently Embargoed Research News Releases Research Alert Preprints Marketplace News With Video/Audio RSS Browse More Sections Medicine Science Life Business Expert Pitches Channels Medicine Science Life Business Journal News Trends and Top Stories By Location Meeting, Grants & Events Biotech Cancer COVID Clinical Trials Diabetes Genetics Infectious Disease Neuro Obesity Women's Health View all Medicine Channels Chemistry Climate Science Dinosaurs DOE Science News Engineering Materials Science Physics Space View all Science Channels Behavioral Science Education Government History Politics Social Media View all Life Channels Economics Wall Street In the Workplace Women in Business View all Business Channels Cell (journal) JAMA Journal of Experimental Medicine Nature (journal) NEJM Neurology (journal) PLoS View all Journal Channels Editor's Picks Popular with Readers Stories Getting News Coverage View all Trends and Top Stories Afghanistan News African News China News Cuba News Europe News Germany News Gulf of Mexico India/Pakistan News Iraq News View all by Location Channels Grant Funded News Medical Meetings Newswise Live - Event in Progress Newswise Live - Expert Spotlight Newswise Live - Events Scientific Meetings View all Meeting, Grants & Events Channels Sign up for the wires and see archived wires Sign Up Now Experts Expert Pitch Browse experts available to comment on breaking news Expert Query Request an expert contact, get responses directly to your inbox Expert Directory Find an expert by topic in a comprehensive database Journalists Pricing About About Curious by Nature Podcast Member Services Pricing Accessibility Statement Newswise Live Invoice Lookup Archived Wires Media Subscribers Services for Journalists Sample Effectiveness Reports Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Us Blog FAQ Help ⌕ Request a Demo Login Register Connecting Research and Experts with Journalists Simplify and reduce the time it takes to connect with reporters for the research and innovation at your institution. Learn More Trending News From Pollution to Solution: A Tiered Pathway for Low-Carbon Wastewater Treatment Chinese Academy of Sciences 30-Dec-2025 - Wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) are essential for clean water, yet they also generate significant greenhouse gas... Analyzer Delivers Real-Time Insights for US Power Grid Oak Ridge National Laboratory 29-Dec-2025 - Researchers at the Department of Energy’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory partnered with the University of Tennessee to... 2025 in Review: ORNL’s Top Science News Stories Oak Ridge National Laboratory 29-Dec-2025 - The Department of Energy’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory marked another year of research driven by innovation and... Chula Partners with ASEAN Vinyl Council Associationto Drive a More Sustainable PVC Industry Chulalongkorn University 29-Dec-2025 - Bangkok, Thailand — On December 16, 2025, the Petroleum and Petrochemical College at Chulalongkorn University, in... 3D Modeling Reveals How Deep Drones Can “See” Into Maize Canopies Chinese Academy of Sciences 29-Dec-2025 - A research team revealed how deeply drone-mounted optical sensors can detect maize canopy layers using UAV... Expert Opinion and Breaking News Commentaries Celebrate Smart, Stay Safe: Johns Hopkins Children’s Center Shares Safety Tips for Families in the New Year Johns Hopkins Medicine 26-Dec-2025 - Johns Hopkins Children’s Center pediatric emergency medicine physician Mary Beth Howard and director of the pediatric... Dry January: Small Changes, Big Impact on Well-Being Tufts University 19-Dec-2025 Marijuana Reclassified to Schedule III - U-Mich Experts Available, Quotes Michigan Medicine - University of Michigan 19-Dec-2025 Why Many Americans Avoid Negotiating, Even When It Costs Them Indiana University 19-Dec-2025 - Would you pay thousands of dollars more for a car just to skip the negotiation process? According to new research by... UNLV Cannabis Policy Institute Expert Available: Trump EO Reclassifies Marijuana as a Less Dangerous Drug University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) 18-Dec-2025 See More Expert Pitches Latest Academic Journal News NASA's Chandra Rings in New Year With Champagne Cluster Chandra X-ray Observatory 30-Dec-2025 - Celebrate the New Year with the “Champagne Cluster,” a galaxy cluster seen in this new image from NASA’s Chandra... Pregnant Women Hospitalized for COVID-19, and Their Newborns, Have Higher Complication Risk Michigan Medicine - University of Michigan 30-Dec-2025 - When hospitalized for COVID-19, pregnant women — and their eventual newborn children — have a higher risk of... Medicare capped drug costs — but cancer patients still can’t afford their meds Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania 30-Dec-2025 From Pollution to Solution: A Tiered Pathway for Low-Carbon Wastewater Treatment Chinese Academy of Sciences 30-Dec-2025 - Wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) are essential for clean water, yet they also generate significant greenhouse gas... Too Much Hydrogen? Scientists Reveal How Metabolic Shifts and Viral Defense in Syngas Microbiomes Chinese Academy of Sciences 30-Dec-2025 - Syngas biomethanation—converting CO/CO₂/H₂ into renewable methane—relies on coordinated microbial interactions.... Breaking Medical News Nine Easy New Year’s Resolutions for People Over 50 Michigan Medicine - University of Michigan 30-Dec-2025 - Based on findings from polls of people over 50, a list of nine actions that many older adults haven't taken but should... Mount Sinai Health System CEO Named to Modern Healthcare’s 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare Mount Sinai Health System 30-Dec-2025 - Mount Sinai Health System today announced that Brendan G. Carr, MD, MA, MS, its Chief Executive Officer, has been named... Clarity Child Guidance Center Earns Level 1 Trauma-Informed Care Certification Clarity Child Guidance Center 30-Dec-2025 - Clarity Child Guidance Center has received the Level 1 Foundational Trauma-Informed Care Organizational Certification... Pregnant Women Hospitalized for COVID-19, and Their Newborns, Have Higher Complication Risk Michigan Medicine - University of Michigan 30-Dec-2025 - When hospitalized for COVID-19, pregnant women — and their eventual newborn children — have a higher risk of... Medicare capped drug costs — but cancer patients still can’t afford their meds Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania 30-Dec-2025 See More Medical News Breaking Science News NASA's Chandra Rings in New Year With Champagne Cluster Chandra X-ray Observatory 30-Dec-2025 - Celebrate the New Year with the “Champagne Cluster,” a galaxy cluster seen in this new image from NASA’s Chandra... From Pollution to Solution: A Tiered Pathway for Low-Carbon Wastewater Treatment Chinese Academy of Sciences 30-Dec-2025 - Wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) are essential for clean water, yet they also generate significant greenhouse gas... Too Much Hydrogen? Scientists Reveal How Metabolic Shifts and Viral Defense in Syngas Microbiomes Chinese Academy of Sciences 30-Dec-2025 - Syngas biomethanation—converting CO/CO₂/H₂ into renewable methane—relies on coordinated microbial interactions.... Research Expenditures Ranking Underscores ASU’s Dramatic Growth in High-Impact Science Arizona State University (ASU) 30-Dec-2025 - Arizona State University has surpassed $1 billion in annual research funding for the first time, placing the university... KIST Develops Eco-Friendly Palladium Recovery Technology to Safeguard Resource Security National Research Council of Science and Technology 30-Dec-2025 - A research team led by Dr. Jae-Woo Choi from the Water Resources Recycling Research Group and Dr. Jin Young Kim from... See More Science News Breaking Humanities and Social Science News From Classroom to Community Iowa State University 29-Dec-2025 - An advanced landscape architecture professor in the College of Design partnered with local town's parks commission to... How Doubting Your Doubts May Increase Commitment to Goals Ohio State University 29-Dec-2025 - When it comes to our most important long-term goals in life, it is not uncommon to face obstacles that may lead us to... Chulalongkorn University Hosts Their Majesties the King and Queen of Bhutan on the Occasion of the Conferral of the Honorary Doctor of Philosophy Degrees Chulalongkorn University 26-Dec-2025 - Chulalongkorn University had the great honour of welcoming His Majesty King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck and Her... 2026 Will Require Brands to Balance AI and Authenticity New York Institute of Technology, New York Tech 23-Dec-2025 2026 Will Require Brands to Balance AI and Authenticity New York Institute of Technology, New York Tech 23-Dec-2025 See More Life News Breaking Business News 2026 Will Require Brands to Balance AI and Authenticity New York Institute of Technology, New York Tech 23-Dec-2025 Digital Science’s Dimensions Data Underpins Select Committee Report Into U.S.-Funded Research and Foreign Influence Digital Science and Research Solutions Ltd 22-Dec-2025 - Digital Science has affirmed its support for U.S. government efforts to safeguard taxpayer-funded research, following... AAHRPP Accredits Six More Research Organizations Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs 22-Dec-2025 - The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs has awarded full accreditation to six more... Why Many Americans Avoid Negotiating, Even When It Costs Them Indiana University 19-Dec-2025 - Would you pay thousands of dollars more for a car just to skip the negotiation process? According to new research by... Digital Science Awards 2025 Catalyst Grants to Two Teams Visualizing the Future of Research Digital Science and Research Solutions Ltd 19-Dec-2025 - Digital Science is excited to announce that its 2025 Catalyst Grant has been awarded to two teams working to advance... See More Business News Scientific and Medical Meetings Black Patients Diagnosed with Aggressive Leukemia  Experience Worse Outcomes, But Differences Not Linked to Key Genetic Changes University of Maryland School of Medicine 17-Dec-2025 -  - Compared with white patients, Black patients with an aggressive form of leukemia--called acute myeloid leukemia... Multidisciplinary Symposium Focused on Radiopharmaceutical Therapy in Cancer Care Debuts February 17–18 American Society for Radiation Oncology (ASTRO) 16-Dec-2025 -  - The inaugural Multidisciplinary Radiopharmaceutical Therapy Symposium will take place Feb. 17–18 in Palm Desert,... Leading Symposium for Head and Neck Cancer Specialists to Be Held February 19-21 American Society for Radiation Oncology (ASTRO) 16-Dec-2025 -  - The 2026 Multidisciplinary Head and Neck Cancers Symposium will take place Feb. 19-21 in Palm Desert, California... Cleveland Clinic Presents Final Results of Phase 1 Clinical Trial of Preventive Breast Cancer Vaccine Study Cleveland Clinic 11-Dec-2025 -  - Cleveland Clinic researchers are presenting final Phase 1 data from their novel study of a vaccine aimed at... Mayo Clinic Researchers Find New Hope for Toughest Myeloma Through Off-the-Shelf Immunotherapy Mayo Clinic 10-Dec-2025 -  - A new Mayo Clinic study published in the New England Journal of Medicine has uncovered that an off-the-shelf,... Forms Media Press Pass User Registration Find My Account Pay an Invoice Contact Us Experts Request an Expert Expert Directory Embargoed News Search Sources Newswise Services for Journalists Services for Communicators Get Email Alerts Daily Wires Latest News Channel Index Advanced Search Select Media Database Live Events Get a Demo Pricing FAQ About Newswise Journalists use Newswise as a source for research news, experts, ready-to-use content and story ideas. Media relations professionals can connect with reporters and share their organization's news with a wider  audience. Public readers discover the latest research news in science, medicine, social sciences, environment, technology, factchecks and business news from the world's most credible universities and research organizations. More than 7,000 email wires go to journalists from more than 2,400 media outlets around the globe. Contact Us Signup Subscribe to Newswise For Journalists Receive a Demo Privacy Notice Terms of Service 2025 Newswise , Inc ⌕ Login News Latest News Research News Releases Research Alert News with Video/Audio Browse More Sections Medicine Science Life Business Expert Pitches Channels Medicine Biotech Cancer COVID Clinical Trials Diabetes Genetics Infectious Disease Neuro Obesity Women?s Health View all Medicine Channels Science Chemistry Climate Science Dinosaurs DOE Science News Engineering Materials Science Physics Space View all Science Channels Life Behavioral Science Education Government History Politics Social Media View all Life Channels Business Economics Wall Street In the Workplace Women in Business View all Business Channels Journal News Cell (journal) JAMA Journal of Experimental Medicine Nature (journal) NEJM Neurology (journal) PLoS View all Journal Channels Trends and Top Stories Staff Picks Top Clipped
										Stories Top Hit Stories By Location Afghanistan News African News China News Cuba News Europe News Germany News Gulf of Mexico India/Pakistan News Iraq News View all by Location Channels Meetings, Grants, and Events Grant Funded News Medical Meetings Newswise Live - Event in Progress Newswise Live - Expert Spotlight Newswise Live - Events Scientific Meetings View all Meeting, Grants & Events Channels RSS Experts Expert Pitch Expert Query Expert Directory Journalists Pricing About Member Services Accessibility Statement Newswise Live Invoice Lookup Services for Journalists Archived Wires Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog FAQ Help 0.04685