Las Vegas News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. TONIGHT: Las Vegas hosting biggest bash yet for New Year's Eve The Strip and downtown will host America's Party, the citywide New Year's Eve celebration that starts Wednesday night. Ride the bus for free in Southern Nevada for New Year's Eve You can leave the car at home and ride the bus for free to celebrate New Year's Eve. One-term Nevada state senator announces retirement Jeff Stone, a Republican Nevada state senator from Clark County, announced his retirement on Tuesday. Local Nation & World Entertainment Videos Offbeat Special Reports Politics Things To Do Photo Galleries Amazing America Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day Spotlight on America Auto Matters Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom ARC Formula Vegas Weather Current Weather Las Vegas PM Showers 45 F 59 / 47 Today 59 / 47 Thursday 53 / 46 Friday 59 / 46 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Maps Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News 3 Degree Guarantee Features Features The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. TONIGHT: Las Vegas hosting biggest bash yet for New Year's Eve The Strip and downtown will host America's Party, the citywide New Year's Eve celebration that starts Wednesday night. Ride the bus for free in Southern Nevada for New Year's Eve You can leave the car at home and ride the bus for free to celebrate New Year's Eve. One-term Nevada state senator announces retirement Jeff Stone, a Republican Nevada state senator from Clark County, announced his retirement on Tuesday. Consumer Reports Make A Wish Monday Drive Safe Las Vegas SInclair Cares Partner Spotlight Around the Web For Pet's Sake Spanish Closed Captioning Smart Money Moves Breaking Down the Law Job Connection Who's Hiring? Research Spotlight Ask The Experts Local Living Cooking with Chef Jeff Mental Health Matters Your Place Inside and Out Locally Owned Small Businesses Ask the Experts: Finance Souper Bowl of Caring Teacher of the Month Traffic Traffic Gov. Sisolak, health officials urge those who can help to join Battle Born Medical Corps Nevada Governor Steve Sisolak along with the state health officials urged Nevadas to those who can help to join Battle Born Medical Corps. Nevada Department of Health and Human Services and the Nevada Health Response Center joined to call on health care providers and health care administrations to assist in the state's COVID-19 pandemic response. Gov. CCSD, CCEA announce agreement for educators to 'donate' sick leave The Clark County School District and the Clark County Educators Association has reached an agreement for educators to donate sick leave to each other. Thursday's announcement said the two organizations signed a "memorandum of understanding" to allow the donation of sick leave to other educators within the district. According to Superintendent Dr. Jesus Jara, the measure covers something not currently covered in the bargaining agreement. Project Neon is complete, so why is there still traffic? The ambitious roadway project known as Project Neon was supposed to alleviate frustrations and shorten commute times. So now that it&rsquo;s done, why is traffic still heavy? The $1 billion construction project started in 2016 and was completed this year. Tony Illia with NDOT tells News 3 that although the project is finished, crews are now working on a punch list of items or loose ends for Project Neon, which is why there is still some construction. Overnight Spaghetti Bowl ramp closure planned for Project Neon work Get ready for some ramp closures on the Spaghetti Bowl for three nights next week. The Nevada Department of Transportation will be closing the ramp connecting southbound U. S. 95 to southbound Interstate 15 starting Monday, Sept. 16. RELATED | Project Neon comes to close, a few final touches remain. The closures will last from 10 p. m. to 5 a. m. for three nights Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Waze Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 45 ° Thu 54 ° Fri 59 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow News Home Local Nation & World Entertainment Videos Offbeat Special Reports Politics Things To Do Photo Galleries Amazing America Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day Spotlight on America Auto Matters Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Did You Know? Addicted America Crisis in the Classroom ARC Formula Vegas Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Maps Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News 3 Degree Guarantee Features Down Arrow Features Home Consumer Reports Make A Wish Monday Drive Safe Las Vegas SInclair Cares Partner Spotlight Around the Web For Pet's Sake Spanish Closed Captioning Smart Money Moves Breaking Down the Law Job Connection Who's Hiring? Research Spotlight Ask The Experts Local Living Cooking with Chef Jeff Mental Health Matters Your Place Inside and Out Locally Owned Small Businesses Ask the Experts: Finance Souper Bowl of Caring Teacher of the Month Traffic Down Arrow Traffic Home Waze Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home People Contact Contests Schedule Submit News Tips News 3 Sponsored Events Community Calendar Employment Tour Request Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV St. Jude Home Giveaway The CW Las Vegas Down Arrow The CW Las Vegas Home CW NEWS AT TEN Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Thursday Night Lights Extras Sports Night in Las Vegas Scoreboard Vegas Golden Knights Henderson Silver Knights Olympics TICKETS Las Vegas Aces City Guide Advertise With Us Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report Public Inspection File FCC Applications Public Inspection File Assistance Contact Us Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY RAINY NEW YEAR'S Las Vegas is expected to welcome 2026 with light to moderate rain showers. Latest News 3 forecast Close TONIGHT: Las Vegas hosting biggest bash yet for New Year's Eve The Strip and downtown will host America's Party, the citywide New Year's Eve celebration that starts Wednesday night. Ride the bus for free in Southern Nevada for New Year's Eve You can leave the car at home and ride the bus for free to celebrate New Year's Eve. Boulder City businesses persevere despite street party cancellation The second annual New Year's Eve street party in Boulder City has been canceled due to unfavorable weather conditions, but local businesses are determined to ca Las Vegas New Year's fireworks to feature drones for first time The world-renowned "Fireworks by Grucci" team is gearing up for a spectacular New Year's Eve show on the Las Vegas Strip, promising a dazzling display that will Top 10 stories of 2025 on news3lv.com As we turn the page on 2025, we’re taking a moment to look back &mdash; at the stories that made us hopeful, the moments that filled us with pride, and the tragedies Clark County issues air quality advisory for New Year's Eve fireworks The Clark County Department of Environment and Sustainability (DES) has issued an advisory for Wednesday, Dec. 31 and Thursday, Jan. 1 for smoke and high levels Las Vegas officials outline New Year's Eve restrictions and road closures Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Andrew Walsh, alongside Clark County Commissioner Jim Gibson, Clark County Fire Chief Billy Samuels, and C Vegas welcomes our neighbors, the Utah Utes & newbies Nebraska Huskers for Las Vegas Bowl Beyond the X’s and O’s, the 2025 Las Vegas Bowl is rich with compelling coaching storylines, starting on the Nebraska sideline with Matt Rhule, who has made it Gilcrease Orchard seeks public's help after vandalism damage Gilcrease Orchard in Las Vegas is asking for the communities assistance after vandals caused approximately $6,000 in damage to their property.The incident occu Las Vegas police arrest suspect in fatal street takeover shooting Las Vegas police responded to a report of an illegal street takeover on Nov. 8, 2025, in the 5000 block of West Patrick Lane.Upon arrival, officers were inform Local News One-term Nevada state senator announces retirement Jeff Stone, a Republican Nevada state senator from Clark County, announced his retirement on Tuesday. New breakfast, lunch spot opens at Rio Hotel & Casino The Kitchen Table, a modern American breakfast and lunch destination, is now open at Rio Hotel & Casino, offering guests a fresh take on classic comfort food in Clark County hosts Día de Reyes event with giveaways, giant King's Cake Clark County invites families and community members to celebrate Día de Reyes (Three Kings' Day) at its annual free event on Saturday, January 3, 2026, from 10 City of Las Vegas celebrates continued success of Operation Pawsitive Change Since the beginning of 2025, the city of Las Vegas has successfully recovered 28 puppies and issued 56 citations through the Department of Public Safety's Opera Arrest report: Las Vegas man arrested for his parents' murder told 911 'I killed them' A Las Vegas man arrested for the murder of his parents on Saturday allegedly told a 911 operator, "I killed them," according to an arrest report. Reality TV star accused of killing Las Vegas jail cellmate to get competency hearing Court records indicate Chad Ollinger, 41, was ordered Tuesday to remain held without bail ahead of a competency hearing. VOTE NOW: What is your favorite Las Vegas sports franchise? Las Vegas has turned into the sports and entertainment capital of the world. See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Reality TV star accused of killing Las Vegas jail cellmate to get competency hearing Court records indicate Chad Ollinger, 41, was ordered Tuesday to remain held without bail ahead of a competency hearing. Las Vegas officials outline New Year's Eve restrictions and road closures Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Andrew Walsh, alongside Clark County Commissioner Jim Gibson, Clark County Fire Chief Billy Samuels, and C Body discovered in search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.According to in Clark County urges residents to prioritize emergency preparedness for the New Year Clark County emergency managers are encouraging residents to make emergency preparedness their New Year’s resolution.The top hazards identified in Southern Neva Vegas Loop gets approval to take passengers to airport Vegas Loop, the nascent underground people-mover system, is now cleared to take passengers to Harry Reid International Airport. Nation & World CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. Oregon Somali community reacts to national rhetoric on Minnesota fraud allegations A surge of federal officers are cracking down on immigration in Minnesota after fresh allegations of fraud against daycares run by Somali residents. Fact Check Team: Exploring the roots of US-Venezuela conflict Tensions between the United States and Venezuela are once again climbing. While recent headlines focus on drug smuggling and U.S. strikes tied to trafficking ro HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. 2 charged for abusing 6 kids with baseball bats, hoarding animals in feces-ridden home: DA Two Elizabethtown residents accused of abusing six children with baseball bats and hoarding numerous animals will have their cases moved through county court. See More Right arrow Sports SPORTS: Las Vegas Bowl preps Utes vs. Huskers battle & VGK welcome back former favorites Beyond the X’s and O’s, the 2025 Las Vegas Bowl is rich with compelling coaching storylines, starting on the Nebraska sideline with Matt Rhule, who has made it Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Ex-Raiders offensive coordinator Chip Kelly returning to college football Former Las Vegas Raiders offensive coordinator Chip Kelly is returning to the college ranks. See More Right arrow Entertainment The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED From combat to community: Sgt. Jim Dellinger’s journey from Vietnam to protecting L.A. From the army to the police. One veteran found joy in his life serving and protecting the city of Los Angeles and our country.News 3 recognizes Vietnam veteran SPONSORED Why older adults should review their Medicare plans every year Medicare’s Annual Enrollment Period runs from Oct. 15 through Dec. 7 each year. SPONSORED Road Trippin' Nevada: Nine places to stargaze with minimum light pollution What’s Nevada without its dazzling lights? Well, it’s also the many miles of uncharted desert offering travelers some of the darkest corners of the country, whi SPONSORED Road Trippin' Nevada: Explore these top 10 state parks Desert adventures begin in the Battle Born State, and Nevada’s state parks showcase the wild beauty of the American West. From the sun-drenched streets of south SPONSORED Change your watering clock now for Winter! Stay in the game and out of the penalty box!Winter watering restrictions are in play from November through February&mdash;change your clock and water ONLY 1 assigned SPONSORED After Air Force career, TSgt. Oliver Cannon continues mission to uplift lives in community News 3 recognizes Technical Sergeant Oliver Cannon in this month's salute our troops for his 20 years of service in the Air Force. SPONSORED Leaving Las Vegas: Top 5 destinations that take only two hours to get there Maverik is here to highlight the best adventures near the fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada! SPONSORED From Combat to Community: Sgt. Jim Welborn's Lifelong Duty to Fellow Veterans Vietnam army Veteran Sergeant Jim Welborn proudly displays his mementos and accolades is his office space, News 3 recognizes him for our September Salute Our Tr SPONSORED 5 instant benefits of replacing your windows and doors Replacing your windows and doors is more than a home improvement project. This upgrade is a significant investment in your home’s efficiency and comfort. SPONSORED Air Force veteran David Crete fights for other veterans Local veteran Dave Crete, has been named the August recipient of the "Salute Our Troops" award and has found a new calling in life.Fighting for other veterans w SPONSORED Change your watering clock now for fall! Celebrate your water-saving wins! Fall watering restrictions are in effect&mdash;water grass ONLY 3 days a week.Got plants & trees?We recommend watering them just SPONSORED Windows and doors: The energy-saving guardians of your home and wallet Your windows and doors are something pretty to look at on your home’s exterior, but they do so much more than add light and curb appeal. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page For Pet's Sake Winter wellness guide for healthy pets As cold weather moves in and winter settles around us, it’s important to remember that pets feel the chill just like people do. A pet parent's guide to holiday travel As the holiday season approaches and travel plans begin to shape, it’s a wonderful time to include your four-legged family member in the fun. Paws off the turkey: A Thanksgiving food warning for all pet parents The seasonings and herbs on your Thanksgiving turkey can cause harm to your pet. Beat the winter woes: 9 tips to keep your pet warm, dry, and safe Keep your pets warm and safe during the colder months with these tips. The holidays are near: 7 tips to prepare your pet for travel Prepare your pet for holiday travel with these tips. Happy paw-tumn: 7 ways to celebrate fall with your pet Celebrate fall with your pet. Bone appétit: How to choose the best food for your pet Choose the right food for your pet with these tips. Eat, sleep, play, repeat: 8 tips for creating a daily routine for your pet Maintaining a daily routine for your pet is important for their physical and mental health. Purr-fectly prepared: 13 essential items to welcome your new pet These essential pet items will welcome your new furry friend with open arms. Pet-proof your home: 11 tips to create a safe environment for your new fur baby Is your home ready to welcome a new, four-legged friend? Follow these tips to pet-proof your home. Fireworks and thunderstorms: 10 pet safety tips for loud noises and severe weather Fireworks and summer storms are scary to pets. Here is how to protect them. Summer holiday safety: Protect your pets with these 10 tips Protect your pet with these holiday safety tips. Fluff out the fur: Nine at-home pet grooming tips for summer Check out these nine important pet grooming tips for the summer. 12 summer pet safety reminders to stay cool, calm, and protected Temperatures are climbing, and once again it's time for pet owners to remember the dangers summer can pose to our furry friends. What to consider before adopting a pet Here is what to consider before adopting a pet. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Coronavirus How concerning is ‘ razor blade’ sore throat COVID symptom? How concerned should we be over a rising Covid-19 variant with a terrifyingly named symptom?That’s because the variant &mdash; NB.1.8.1. or &ldquo;Nimbus&rdquo; &mdash; may cause painf What can we expect with this updated COVID-19 vaccine? Regulators at the Food & Drug Administration have approved an updated COVID-19 vaccine with the shot designed to more closely target recent virus strains -- and US going through first increase in COVID since end of national emergency The U.S. is seeing a rise in coronavirus cases for the first time since the public health emergency was ended in May. See More Right arrow Connect to Congress Republican moderates defy party leaders to force vote on ACA tax credits extension The tension in the Capitol had been building for weeks &mdash; a quiet, humming anxiety that threaded through late-night committee rooms and whispered conversations i Government shutdown to stretch into next week with Senate on recess and no end in sight The government shutdown entered a 24th day on Friday as lawmakers remain deeply divided on a plan to reopen the government. Lawmakers renew vows to address online safety for kids in long-delayed void Congress is trying to gear up for another run at addressing a longstanding problem with protecting children online after years of promises to crack down. Retirements pile up as lawmakers see dysfunction and brutal midterm cycle More lawmakers are showing themselves out of Congress instead of running for reelection amid complaints about the legislative branch’s dysfunction. See More Right arrow Who's Hiring? Goodwill looking to hire for open positions during upcoming hiring event Goodwill store managers are looking to hire of dozens of new staff memebers during an upcoming job fair. Hearthstone Kitchen & Cellar to host three-day hiring event Hearthstone Kitchen & Cellar is gearing up for its return to Las Vegas by hosting a multi-day job fair, looking to hire staff for their upcoming return. Hundreds of jobs up for grabs during upcoming EmployNV career fair EmployNV is looking to connect with dozens of job seekers at its upcoming Winter Career Fair.The free event is scheduled for Tuesday, December 2, from 10 a.m. t See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report Public Inspection File FCC Applications Public Inspection File Assistance Contact Us Contests News Weather Traffic Sports Station Politics Around the Web Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.