News-Gazette | Your Source for News and Advertising in East Central Illinois Skip to main content Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Site search Search Subscribe Today's Paper Download App Subscription Services Subscription FAQs Self-Service Subscription Information Change of Address Delivery Issues Pay Bill Vacation Stop/Restart Home About Us Newsroom Directory Contact Us Forms Digital Edition Subscribe Pay Bill Where to Buy News Local Our Communities Kathy's #Mailbag State Weather Election 2026 Sports Illini Sports Prep Sports Community Colleges Business Ag Check Network People's Choice Central Illinois Business Magazine Local Offers Agriculture Banking Economy Employment Entrepreneurs Restaurants Retail Living At Home Milestones Church Directory Family Food Gardening Health & Fitness Pets Religion Travel A&E Calendar Art Books Film & Television Music Theater Opinion Editorials Columns Guest Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Obits Submit an obit Request a reprint Obit Archive Classifieds Real Estate Business Services Jobs Garage Sales Merchandise Transportation Submit a Classified Legal Announcements Jobs Games Login Subscriber Services Subscription FAQs Self-Service System Info Pay Bill Change of Address Delivery Issues Vacation Stop/Restart Contact Us Local Offers Newsletters Forms Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram iOS App Android App Central Illinois Radio Network WDWS 1400/93.9 - News/Talk/Sports WHMS 97.5 - Lite Rock WKIO 105.5 - Classic Rock The Rooster 107.9- Hot Country D102 - Adult Contemporary WDAN 1490 - News/Talk/Sports KROCK 94.9 - Classic Rock 95Q - Country Y103 - Top 40 WSOY 1340/103.3 - News/Talk/Sports Fox Sports 1050 - Sports 35° Cloudy Champaign, IL (61820) Today Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 16F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 16F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: December 31, 2025 @ 6:45 pm Full Forecast Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Today's E-Edition Subscribe Toggle navigation Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Site search Search Home About Us Newsroom Directory Contact Us Forms Digital Edition Subscribe Pay Bill Where to Buy News Local University of Illinois Courts, Police & Fire Politics & Government Education Environment Health Care Housing History Keeping Watch Military Parks & Recreation Science & Technology Social Services Transportation Road Construction Special Reports Our Communities Rantoul Douglas County Ford County Piatt County Vermilion County Kathy's #Mailbag State Weather Election 2026 Sports Illini Sports Football Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Volleyball Recruiting Baseball Cross-Country Golf Gymnastics Soccer Softball Swimming & DIving Tennis Track & Field Wrestling Prep Sports Football Boys' Basketball Girls' Basketball Baseball Softball Boys' Golf Girls' Golf Boys' Soccer Girls' Soccer Cross-Country Swimming and Diving Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Wrestling Athletes of the Week Team of the Week Features Highlights Other Community Colleges Business Ag Check Network People's Choice Central Illinois Business Magazine Local Offers Agriculture Banking Economy Employment Entrepreneurs Restaurants Retail Living At Home Milestones Church Directory Family Food Gardening Health & Fitness Pets Religion Travel A&E Calendar Promote Your Event Art Books Film & Television Music Theater Opinion Editorials Columns Guest Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Inside Illini Basketball Inside Illini Football Extra Prep Penny for Your Thoughts Locals Youth Baseball Videos Obits Submit an obit Request a reprint Obit Archive Classifieds Real Estate Business Services Jobs Garage Sales Merchandise Transportation Submit a Classified Legal Announcements Jobs Games Due to scheduled maintenance from Saturday, March 15, 2025, at 10 PM to Sunday, March 16, 2025, at 2 AM , there may be interruptions for our News Gazette Digital subscribers. 
    During this time frame, please click on any News Gazette website content without logging into your News Gazette Digital subscription account. 
    Thank you for your patience during this scheduled maintenance. Gordyville USA finishes 2025 with largest show of year 6 hrs ago People from all corners of the United States, and even parts of Canada, have driven to rural Gifford for Gordyville USA’s largest event of the year, the Standardbred Horse Sale. 1:28 Carle shifts protocols temporarily amid uptick in respiratory illness 4 hrs ago The temporary changes include limiting patient rooms to two visitors at a time, who must be 18 years or older. Additionally, individuals with symptoms of respiratory illness are "strongly encouraged" to mask up while in Carle facilities. PHOTO GALLERY: Where Illini Nation was watching, Music City Bowl edition 4 hrs ago From Cabo San Lucas to the emergency room of a California hospital, Illini football fans and former players were glued to the tube for Tuesday's Music City Bowl thriller. Here's a collection o… Gibson City man charged with aggravated arson 5 hrs ago A 71-year-old Gibson City man has been arrested and charged with aggravated arson for allegedly setting fire to his apartment the day after Christmas. 'I woke up and she was still gone' 14 hrs ago After learning of the arrest, "I was able to go to bed and get some rest last night," Dorothy Smith, Ororo Taylor's grandmother said. "But then in the morning, I woke up and she was still gone." A sunnier outlook: Strides expected to stay open through at least April 14 hrs ago The City of Champaign Township’s low-barrier shelter, previously estimated to be at risk of closing in early 2026, is now expected to make it through April or even June. Featured Picks Sports Good Morning, Illini Nation: Let's talk brackets 12 hrs ago Current projections have Illinois as a potential No. 4 seed in the NCAA tournament Columns Holy Cow History | A teen’s daring ‘date’ with the 'King of Hollywood' 13 hrs ago Nearly 150 years after his death, just mentioning the name Parson Brownlow can trigger a reaction. Sports Tuesday's prep highlights: Unity boys' basketball to play for holiday tournament title in Effingham 13 hrs ago Rockets will face Teutopolis on Wednesday afternoon in Effingham-Teutopolis Christmas Classic championship game +2 Education Top of the Morning, Dec. 31, 2025 14 hrs ago Meet our talented High School Confidential reporter from Mahomet-Seymour, Abby Eden. Mobile App Download Now The News-Gazette mobile app brings you the latest local breaking news, updates, and more.  Read the News-Gazette on your mobile device just as it appears in print. More News News +2 UPDATE: Rantoul man detained at least temporarily in fatal campus hit-and-run Dec 30, 2025 "I'm just glad he's finally caught and justice is served," said Perry Lee, Ms. Taylor's father. "May God bless my family." Clerk injured in Christmas Eve armed robbery at Urbana Circle K Dec 30, 2025 The suspect was described as a male individual wearing a black jacket, black pants, sunglasses and a face covering, police said. Baldarotta's to re-open after weekend burglary Dec 30, 2025 Baldarotta said an employee had come in and quit Saturday night and refused to leave after she told him to, so she had just gone back to working because she was busy. Now, she has learned that none of the staff actually saw the former employee leave. Area history, Dec. 30, 2025 Dec 30, 2025 Today is Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. Here are local news reports from 100 and 50 years ago: FarmWeek | Congress advances whole milk bill Dec 29, 2025 “With passage of the Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act, students will once again have access to a fortified, nutritious whole milk option at school, supporting healthy growth and development," says Illinois Farm Bureau President Philip Nelson. Champaign County Crime Stoppers | IDs sought in $3,000 Dick's theft Dec 29, 2025 Champaign County Crime Stoppers is asking for the public's help identifying suspects in a retail theft. Capitol News Illinois | Illinois expands job-protected leave for parents with newborns in NICU Dec 29, 2025 The Family Neonatal Intensive Care Leave Act requires employers of between 16 and 50 workers to provide up to 10 days of unpaid leave to employees who have a child in the NICU. Larger employers must provide up to 20 days. Preps More Sports Sports Green Street | Scouting Maryland 9 hrs ago Terrapins, who are the Big Ten's last remaining undefeated team, will face Illinois on New Year's Day in Champaign Good Morning, Illini Nation: Let's talk brackets 12 hrs ago Current projections have Illinois as a potential No. 4 seed in the NCAA tournament Tuesday's prep highlights: Unity boys' basketball to play for holiday tournament title in Effingham 13 hrs ago Rockets will face Teutopolis on Wednesday afternoon in Effingham-Teutopolis Christmas Classi… Notes: Defensive pressure key in Music City Bowl win 19 hrs ago Illinois got to Tennessee quarterback Joey Aguilar, kept explosive Vols offense out of rhythm Quick hits | Illinois 30, Tennessee 28 21 hrs ago Illini win second straight bowl game against an SEC foe with Music City Bowl victory on Tues… More Multimedia Photo & Video Gallery More Videos Videos View all Special Sections Music City Bowl 12 30 25 Entertainment Extra December 19, 2025 High School Confidential 12 18 25 Entertainment Extra December 12, 2025 Giving 2025 High School Confidential 12 11 25 More Business Business Carle shifts protocols temporarily amid uptick in respiratory illness 4 hrs ago The temporary changes include limiting patient rooms to two visitors at a time, who must be 18 years or older. Additionally, individuals with symptoms of respiratory illness are "strongly encouraged" to mask up while in Carle facilities. New Year's Resolutions for Recent Retirees Dec 30, 2025 Four decades of helping people retire successfully has given me plenty of insight as to what… Taxable Brokerage Accounts Dec 30, 2025 Though people often focus on tax-advantaged accounts such as 401(k)s and IRAs, perhaps the m… Baldarotta's to re-open after weekend burglary Dec 30, 2025 Baldarotta said an employee had come in and quit Saturday night and refused to leave after s… Top of the Morning, Dec. 29, 2025 Dec 29, 2025 Lola's Bar and Grill is the only show in town when it comes to places to eat in Potomac More Arts & Entertainment Patricia Hruby Powell/review | In search for freedom, Samira chooses family, friends, culture Dec 28, 2025 In brilliant yet accessible poetry, Safia Elhillo tells the story of Samira, who has been falsely branded a bad girl in “Bright Red Fruit” (Make Me a World/Random House 2024). Not even her mother or her aunties will defend her. Recently immigrated from Sudan, the women watch her like a hawk.… Mad About the Movies | Repeatedly hits the mark Dec 28, 2025 How can Hallmark produce so many thematically related films and maintain originality? Well, … Who lives here? Dec. 27, 2025 Dec 27, 2025 Can you identify the screenshot of this home from a movie or TV show? The Screening Room | 'Song Sung Blue' a rockin' tale of inspiration Dec 27, 2025 Craig Brewer managed to change my mind about two things with his surprising “Song Sung Blue.… C-U Haiku, Dec. 27, 2025 Dec 27, 2025 Snowglobe Upcoming Events More Living My Amish Home | Wishing everyone a joyous, blessed holiday season 13 hrs ago This is Friday as I write. It is cold and windy. It started out heavily cloudy, but now the clouds have mostly broken up, and it is sort of sunny. Letter from Birdland | Prunes and figs and lima beans Dec 28, 2025 I am making a significant passage into elderhood with a big birthday coming up, and I decided to celebrate with a knee replacement. Here's to … For the 55-and-over crowd, Dec. 27, 2025-Jan. 3, 2026 Dec 27, 2025 Ethel & Maud Luncheon: The January edition is set for Jan. 17 at City View on the fourth floor of the Illinois Terminal More Letters Opinion My Turn | A curmudgeon's 2026 New Year's resolutions "These are my resolutions for the coming year. As for your resolutions, my wish is that those of you blocking my path toward personal improvem… Holy Cow History | A teen’s daring ‘date’ with the 'King of Hollywood' Nearly 150 years after his death, just mentioning the name Parson Brownlow can trigger a reaction. My Turn | Why I support medical aid in dying as a Christian minister "I come to this position as a pastor and chaplain who has spent 10 years at bedsides where theology stops being theoretical and suffering beco… Jim Dey | State giving drivers a break by skipping fuel-tax hike It’s time once again to dive into another round of quick takes on the people, places and events that were being talked about over the past week. Recent Obituaries View All Latest News Drummers pound in the new year as others mark 2026 with defiance or hope Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 What to know about Trump administration freezing federal child care funds Chief Justice says Constitution remains 'firm and unshaken' with major Supreme Court rulings ahead Gospel singer Richard Smallwood dies at 77, leaving a legacy that inspired many in music Trump says he's dropping push for National Guard in Chicago, LA and Portland, Oregon, for now Latest e-Edition Already a subscriber? Click the image on the left to view the latest e-edition. Don't have a subscription? Click here to see our subscription options. Mobile App Download Now The News-Gazette mobile app brings you the latest local breaking news, updates, and more.  Read the News-Gazette on your mobile device just as it appears in print. e-Edition & App Help How to log in Using the mobile app Navigating the E-edition The #Mailbag Pick the brain of multimedia reporter Kathy Reiser. Read the latest The Bailey Buzz Have a question for 25-year Vermilion County beat writer Jennifer Bailey? Submit them here and she'll respond each Thursday. Read the latest View All Local Offers Most Popular Articles Articles Former Illini basketball star Dave Downey dies at 84 Good Morning, Illini Nation: Midseason additions Good Morning, Illini Nation: Another 2026 prospect to know A peek into Kathy's #Mailbag Good Morning, Illini Nation: What role will Mihailo Petrovic fill? Kathy's #Mailbag, Dec. 26, 2025 UPDATE: Rantoul man detained at least temporarily in fatal campus hit-and-run Family continues historic Danville diner tradition The News-Gazette's 2025 All-Area Football Team: Meet the complete team Good Morning, Illini Nation: More draft buzz for Christmas Sections Home News Sports Illini Sports Business Arts & Entertainment Local Events Announcements Obituaries Opinion Multimedia Subscriber Services Subscription FAQs Self-Service Subscription Information Change of Address Delivery Issues Pay Bill Vacation Stop/Restart Other Services Advertise with Us Classifieds Employee Directory Forms Library Lookup Service Promote Your Event Search Website Search Archives Submit a Classified Weather Where to Buy Contact Information news-gazette.com 2101 Fox Drive Champaign, IL 61820 Phone: 217-351-5252 Email: news@news-gazette.com Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram iOS App Android App Illinois Hancock Journal-Pilot Iroquois Times-Republic Journal-Republican The News-Gazette Indiana Fountain Co. Neighbor Herald Journal KV Post News Newton Co. Enterprise Rensselaer Republican Review-Republican Iowa Atlantic News Telegraph Audubon Advocate-Journal Barr's Post Card News Burlington Hawk Eye Collector's Journal Fayette County Union Ft. Madison Daily Democrat Independence Bulletin-Journal Keokuk Daily Gate City Oelwein Daily Register Vinton Newspapers Waverly Newspapers Michigan Iosco County News-Herald Ludington Daily News Oceana's Herald-Journal Oscoda Press White Lake Beacon New York Finger Lakes Times Olean Times Herald Salamanca Press Pennsylvania Bradford Era Clearfield Progress Courier Express Free Press Courier Jeffersonian Democrat Leader Vindicator Potter Leader-Enterprise The Wellsboro Gazette × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2025 The News-Gazette 2101 Fox Drive, Champaign, IL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy