CHATTANOOGA News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News New Tennessee law aims to train tattoo artists to help trafficking victims A new Tennessee law set to go into effect January 1st, 2026 is drawing attention as tattoos are becoming indicators of sex trafficking.And, inside tattoo shops New North Carolina law strictly defining sexes as male or female goes into effect A new North Carolina law that strictly defines individual sexes as either male or female will go into effect on Thursday, Jan. 1. Planning ahead for a safe New Years celebrations New Years eve is the time to gather with friends and family to celebrate whats to come.:19 real person Caleb Wilson &ldquo;have a good New Year's. But make good choi Reader roundup: These are the 9 most-viewed NewsChannel 9 web stories of 2025 From breaking news to public safety scares and stories that traveled far beyond our viewing area, these were the nine stories NewsChannel 9 viewers clicked on t Local Entertainment Nation & World ARC CHATTANOOGA Offbeat Election Election Results Connect to Congress Amazing America Traffic Tracker Missing Persons Armstrong Army Strong Question of the Day Spotlight on America Beyond the Podium Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Crisis in the Classroom Weather Current Weather Chattanooga Clear 39 F 60 / 30 Today 60 / 30 Thursday 60 / 36 Friday 59 / 47 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Hurricane Tracker Stormcam 9 Network StormTrack 9 Blog Maps & More Pollen Count Closings Program Your Weather Radio Features Features Sunshine for New Years Day New Years Day Thursday looks mostly sunny with a milder afternoon in the mid/upper 50s.The next best chance for scattered to widespread showers arrives Friday a New Tennessee law aims to train tattoo artists to help trafficking victims A new Tennessee law set to go into effect January 1st, 2026 is drawing attention as tattoos are becoming indicators of sex trafficking.And, inside tattoo shops 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. Pay It Forward Price of Freedom Educator of the Week Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight For Pet's Sake Road Trippin' Community Spotlight Contests Black History Honors Tomorrow Town, Tennessee Lifestyle Lifestyle Sunshine for New Years Day New Years Day Thursday looks mostly sunny with a milder afternoon in the mid/upper 50s.The next best chance for scattered to widespread showers arrives Friday a New Tennessee law aims to train tattoo artists to help trafficking victims A new Tennessee law set to go into effect January 1st, 2026 is drawing attention as tattoos are becoming indicators of sex trafficking.And, inside tattoo shops 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. This 'N That Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 39 ° Thu 58 ° Fri 57 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Entertainment Nation & World ARC CHATTANOOGA Offbeat Election Election Results Connect to Congress Amazing America Traffic Tracker Missing Persons Armstrong Army Strong Question of the Day Spotlight on America Beyond the Podium Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Crisis in the Classroom Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Hurricane Tracker Stormcam 9 Network StormTrack 9 Blog Maps & More Pollen Count Closings Program Your Weather Radio Features Down Arrow Features Home Pay It Forward Price of Freedom Educator of the Week Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight For Pet's Sake Road Trippin' Community Spotlight Contests Black History Honors Tomorrow Town, Tennessee Lifestyle Down Arrow Lifestyle Home This 'N That Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Sports Headlines College Outdoors Friday Night Rivals Scoreboard Soccer High School Hoops TICKETS City Guide Sideline Spotlight Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers What's on NC9 WTVC Legacy Good News Sinclair Broadcast Diversity Scholarship Fund Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV Health Advertise With Us Memorials Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Online Public File FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY New Tennessee law aims to train tattoo artists to help trafficking victims A new Tennessee law set to go into effect January 1st, 2026 is drawing attention as tattoos are becoming indicators of sex trafficking.And, inside tattoo shops Planning ahead for a safe New Years celebrations New Years eve is the time to gather with friends and family to celebrate whats to come.:19 real person Caleb Wilson &ldquo;have a good New Year's. But make good choi Tennessee sees significant drop in traffic deaths in 2025, state says Tennessee saw a significant drop in traffic deaths in 2025, continuing a trend of improving roadway safety across the state.According to AAA, following the spee Parents of Rock Spring toddler shot on Christmas morning won't be charged, GBI says Deputies and emergency crews emphasized the emotional toll such incidents take on families and responders alike. Officer shot in Hixson released from hospital after Sunday shooting A Chattanooga police officer who was shot Sunday night at a gas station in Hixson has been released from the hospital, authorities say.Chattanooga Police say th House Judiciary Committee releases 255-page transcript of Jack Smith's deposition The House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday released a 255-page transcript of its closed-door deposition with Jack Smith from earlier this month. Reader roundup: These are the 9 most-viewed NewsChannel 9 web stories of 2025 From breaking news to public safety scares and stories that traveled far beyond our viewing area, these were the nine stories NewsChannel 9 viewers clicked on t These five states ban SNAP purchases of soda and candy as part of health initiative 5 states will roll out food restriction waivers for sugary drinks and candy on January 1. Georgia judge dismisses major racketeering case against 'Cop City' protesters A Georgia judge on Tuesday tossed racketeering charges against dozens of defendants accused of a yearslong conspiracy to halt the construction of a police and f Tennessee sees rise in black bear encounters as population grows The Tennessee Wildlife Resource Agency (TWRA) has issued a warning about increased interactions with black bears as the state's population continues to grow. Local News New North Carolina law strictly defining sexes as male or female goes into effect A new North Carolina law that strictly defines individual sexes as either male or female will go into effect on Thursday, Jan. 1. Public memorial planned for Greg Biffle and the victims of Statesville plane crash A public memorial service honoring the lives lost in the December 18 plane crash in Statesville, North Carolina, will be held the morning of January 16 at Bojan Tennesseans steer into 2026: New laws drive change for motorists, pet owners, and more When Tennesseans ring in 2026, several new state laws will quietly take effect, changing how drivers, pet owners, consumers, and even tattoo artists interact wi From an acorn to an apple, to a golden keg: N.C.'s unique New Year's Eve celebrations Towns and cities all across North Carolina have their own ways of bringing in the New Year, and there are even unique ones here in the Western North Carolina. Tennessee flu cases soar in December, with Hamilton County among hardest hit areas Tennessee is seeing a spike in flu cases, with Hamilton county seeing some of the highest reported activity, according to data from theCenters for Disease Cont Driver hospitalized after car crashes into building off Amnicola Highway in Chattanooga A driver in Chattanooga was rushed to the hospital after her car swiped a school bus, crossed railroad tracks, and crashed into a commercial building off Amnico Affidavit: Jogger in East Ridge saw laser near his feet before gunfire; Suspect charged A jogger told East Ridge police a man shouted belligerent remarks, threw bottles, and aimed a laser sight near his feet moments before he heard a gunshot along See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. Parents of Rock Spring toddler shot on Christmas morning won't be charged, GBI says Deputies and emergency crews emphasized the emotional toll such incidents take on families and responders alike. Tennesseans steer into 2026: New laws drive change for motorists, pet owners, and more When Tennesseans ring in 2026, several new state laws will quietly take effect, changing how drivers, pet owners, consumers, and even tattoo artists interact wi New driving laws aim to improve safety in Tennessee New laws take effect Thursday in Tennessee that could impact your safety on the road.Among the changes, bicyclist hand signals will now be a required part of th 14-year-old Alabama teen dies of flu complications at Chattanooga hospital Monday A 14-year-old from Alabama reportedly died from flu-related complications at a hospital in Chattanooga on Monday.Noah &ldquo;Smo&rdquo; Smothers' was a freshman at Ider Hig Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports Tennessee young sportsman hunt to close 2025-26 deer season The final opportunity of Tennessee’s 2025-26 deer hunting season will belong to young hunters later this month.The state’s second Young Sportsman Deer Hunt is s Illinois beats Tennessee in Music City Bowl, preserves Big Ten’s perfect bowl record David Olano kicked a 29-yard field goal as time expired, and Illinois beat Tennessee 30-28 Tuesday night in the Music City Bowl.Illinois (9-4) posted the first Top 10 NewsChannel 9 Outdoors stories of 2025 The Year 2025 was a big year for NewsChannel9.com/Outdoors. About 1 million users viewed these 10 stories alone. In reverse order, here is a recap of the Top 10 See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Rescue ranch in Cleveland helps more than just horses In Bradley County, Andrew McClure went from class to the juvenile court system for fighting, getting caught with alcohol and a vape pen on campus. The court SPONSORED Cohutta Police chief says after devastating fire, there's light at the end of the tunnel The smoke has finally cleared for the police department in Cohutta, 2 years after their livelyhood went up in flames.It was one week before Christmas in 2022 wh SPONSORED Beyond the pom-poms: Walker County cheer coach teaches invaluable life lessons W0 36 ]] C2.5 G 3 [[TAKE NATSFULLRUNS=3((***NATS***))((1:18-21 So let me see the money 500 All right, here we go ((dissolve to woman walking down the hall))Mon SPONSORED North Georgia man's luck turns around after friend notices his ministry effort Let's start with total transparency.I met this week's recipient, Bee James, in 2012 at Opening Day for the Whitfield County Miracle League, which is baseball SPONSORED 'Remarkable:' Chattanooga girl raises thousands to help the homeless community A Chattanooga 9-year-old who was given a second chance at life is giving back to the homeless community so they can have another chance too.On this Pay It Forwa SPONSORED Advancing pediatric care: Chattanooga surgeon's approach to pain management reduces opioid exposure in children Children may require surgery for numerous reasons, from unexpected injuries to chronic conditions. In fact, 3.9 million pediatric procedures are performed each SPONSORED Hemp retailer prides itself on high standards With the hemp industry growing like a weed, consumers can get CBD or hemp products pretty much anywhere nowadays. Gas stations convenience stores, coffee shops, SPONSORED Home Cookin': Fruit Kabobs Watch Brian Smith and Addison makeFruit Kabobs. Stay connected with Food CityFacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite______________Stay connected with Brian SmithFacebookInstagramTwitter______________Follow This N That on our social media accounts as well:FacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite. SPONSORED Road Trippin in Gordon County: Gem Theatre The GEM Theatre114 N. Wall StreetCalhoun, GA 30701calhoungemtheatre. org.     Caption: 2021_RT_Gordon_FS_REV.    Follow This N That on our social media accounts:FacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite. SPONSORED Road Trippin in Gordon County: Downtown Calhoun Downtown CalhounCalhoun, Gadowntowncalhounga. com.     Caption: 2021_RT_Gordon_FS_REV.    Follow This N That on our social media accounts:FacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite. SPONSORED Road Trippin in Gordon County: Copper Creek Farm Sunflower Festival Copper Creek Farm Sunflower Festival1514 Reeves Station Rd SWCalhoun, GA 30701coppercreekfarm. com.     Caption: 2021_RT_Gordon_FS_REV.    Follow This N That on our social media accounts:FacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite. SPONSORED Entire show of Road Trippin in Gordon County, Ga. Come and watch the entire Road Trippin in Gordon County, Ga. You may find all the segments from the show with links and more information here.     Caption: 2021_RT_Gordon_FS_REV.    Follow This N That on our social media:FacebookInstagramTwitterWebsite. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Pay it Forward Cleveland hairstylist spreads hope with pay-what-you-can cuts and heartfelt generosity A hair stylist from Cleveland owns Queer Clips by Asher RiveraHe tells clients "Pay what your can." Some clients pay full price. If clients can't pay, Asher d Unseen hero: 'Yaya's' giving spirit makes her a blessing at a Chattanooga daycare People who know Angela Montgomery says she is heads, shoulders, kneed and toes above above the rest.At Serenity Daycare on Third Street in Chattanooga, Angela A heart that heals: Man behind Chattanooga ministry brings hope to widows At Silverdale Baptist Church in St. Elmo there's a group of girls who meet every Tuesday morning at 11. They share fun, fellowship and prayer. A lot of prayer. Bradley Central homecoming queen's act of kindness bridges gap between shared struggles A simple college scholarship essay written by a senior atBradley Central High School turned into a support system for a young girl facing her own medical hurdl Hixson daycare creates food pantry, turning compassion into action during shutdown crisis The Federal Government shut down for a record 43 days leaving people without benefits like Supplemental Nurtrion Assistance Program or SNAP. Some people call t Off-key magic: Rhea County counselor's renditions make student birthdays unforgettable The Happy Birthday Song is the most recognized song in English. That's according to the Guinness Book of World Records. At Rhea County High School, there's a On Heart Health Day, Chattanooga non-profit reminds us CPR is a gift that keeps giving The American Heart Association has the numbers:Every year, eight hundred thousand people have a heart attack every year. Someone has a heart attack every 40 s Behind the sirens: McMinn County volunteer firefighter inspires next generation Conversation opened. 1 unread message.Skip to contentUsing Gmail with screen readersPIFPIFInboxKim ChapmanSun, Nov 9, 6:29PM (18 hours ago)to meTHERE'S A LOT O A golden gift: Marcus Burnett's joyful spirit enriches Bledsoe County apple farm In the hills of Bledsoe County .. there's an apple orchard that's been in business seventy-five years.The orchard is roughly 125 acres where 35-thousand apple Veteran in Athens paints tribute fence to honor military and first responders In Athens, Tenn., a unique tribute stands along a driveway&mdash;a fence painted by Susan Racliff, a Navy veteran, to honor military personnel and first respond Ivy Academy Doughboys rise to the occasion: Teacher uses baking as valuable lesson tool At Ivy Academy there's a class with five students. Each has a special need. Heidi Gaines is their teacher who has interesting ways to help her students learn Hamilton County deputy goes above and beyond to guide lost woman safely home The call came in the the Hamilton County 9-1-1 Center. A person in a parking lot at the corner of Ease Brainerd and Ooltewah Ringgold Roads needed help,The d Whitwell teacher's dedication changes life of visually impaired student Think about your favorite teacher. Someone who guided you. Gave you advice maybe? Someone you'll never forget. This we From isolation to inspiration: Dalton mother's vision 'blooms' into a lifeline for many A group in Dalton formed all because of an idea on social media.Now, they help people find community and a place to belong.We surprise the woman who started the 'Always thinking of others:' Catoosa County 911 Center surprises retiring custodian Pay it Forward takes a lot of planning, but when we pull off the big $500 surprise it's all worth it.We try to catch the recipient in real time when they're a See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Price of Freedom 100-year-old World War II veteran shares his U.S. military service experience Earl Lamar Beaird lives in Ringgold. He celebrated his 100th birthday on Saturday, adn though he enlisted when he was 16, he still remembers what it was like t Rhea County Vietnam veteran who survived being shot down gets national Purple Heart honors A Spring City Air Force pilot who survived being shot down over Vietnam after flying hundreds of combat missions is now being honored on a national stage for a Eagles lineman Tyler Steen honors grandfather's heroic sacrifice during Vietnam War On this Veterans Day, the story of Marine Corps hero Sergeant Rodney Maxwell Davis continues to inspire generations &mdash; including his grandson, Philadelphia Eagle See More Right arrow Crisis in the Classroom Chattanooga mom joins lawsuit challenging Tennessee’s new private school voucher program A Hamilton County mother is adding her voice to a growing legal fight over Tennessee’s new statewide private school voucher program.Crystal Boehm, who has child Hamilton County Schools recommends adding 5 mental health providers amid concerns Hamilton County Schools is bringing school-based mental health services back to the board agenda after ending its previous agreement with Centerstone.On Thursda 602 Hamilton County students using school vouchers as Governor Lee pushes expansion New data shows that just over 600 Hamilton County students are enrolled in private schools this school year through Tennessee’s Education Savings Account (ESA) Reaction mixed for Tennessee speaker's idea to drop bachelor's requirement for teachers Tennessee House Speaker Cameron Sexton says lawmakers are exploring whether teachers should still need a bachelor’s degree to be in the classroom.Sexton says th See More Right arrow Connect to Congress Republican moderates defy party leaders to force vote on ACA tax credits extension The tension in the Capitol had been building for weeks &mdash; a quiet, humming anxiety that threaded through late-night committee rooms and whispered conversations i Interview: Rep. Chuck Fleischmann explains next steps in resolving the shutdown For the 41st day, the federal government remains partially closed, leaving families in Tennessee and Georgia still waiting for benefits like SNAP that many rely Lawmakers renew vows to address online safety for kids in long-delayed void Congress is trying to gear up for another run at addressing a longstanding problem with protecting children online after years of promises to crack down. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Online Public File FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.