News4JAX | Jacksonville, Florida News, Weather, Sports | WJXT Channel 4 Close Skip to main content Open Main Menu Navigation Search all of News4JAX.com Clear icon 46 º Go to the WJXT homepage Join Insider Sign In Open the WJXT News4JAX Help Desk News Watch Live Weather Sports Features River City Live SnapJAX Newsletters WJXT CW17 11 warnings and an advisory in effect for 12 regions in the area Read full article: 11 warnings and an advisory in effect for 12 regions in the area See the complete list WEATHER ALERT Hide Breaking News Bar JSO Lt. Marc Crawford fired multiple shots into a semi-truck following a crash where he was found to be at fault. Off-duty JSO lieutenant who fired at truck driver during I-95 encounter won’t be charged, SAO says Read full article: Off-duty JSO lieutenant who fired at truck driver during I-95 encounter won’t be charged, SAO says No description available 46 minutes ago JSO identifies man shot in the head, killed in officer-involved shooting in Oceanway Read full article: JSO identifies man shot in the head, killed in officer-involved shooting in Oceanway Man killed in officer-involved shooting ▶ 1:15 Man killed in officer-involved shooting Cold snap returns to Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia ▶ 1:17 Cold snap returns to Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia Concerns raised after Jacksonville sees 3 pedestrians killed by vehicles in past week ▶ 0:59 Concerns raised after Jacksonville sees 3 pedestrians killed by vehicles in past week Mizzou fans get in the spirit at Jacksonville Beach pep rally for TaxSlayer Gator Bowl ▶ 0:31 Mizzou fans get in the spirit at Jacksonville Beach pep rally for TaxSlayer Gator Bowl Virginia fans get hyped for TaxSlayer Gator Bowl with pep rally in Jacksonville Beach ▶ 0:31 Virginia fans get hyped for TaxSlayer Gator Bowl with pep rally in Jacksonville Beach Will the Jacksonville Icemen play Friday night despite ECHL strike? ▶ 0:41 Will the Jacksonville Icemen play Friday night despite ECHL strike? Community steps up to help after food truck owner's trailer stolen on Christmas morning ▶ 0:27 Community steps up to help after food truck owner's trailer stolen on Christmas morning Man dies in Christmas Eve shooting outside business near St. Augustine Road: JSO ▶ 0:43 Man dies in Christmas Eve shooting outside business near St. Augustine Road: JSO Jacksonville family moves into home donated by church after losing everything in apartment fire ▶ 1:12 Jacksonville family moves into home donated by church after losing everything in apartment fire Watch Katie's hilarious fail at re-gifting gift cards on The Morning Show ▶ 0:58 Watch Katie's hilarious fail at re-gifting gift cards on The Morning Show Defense team in Jared Bridegan murder case wants ‘crucial’ witness to answer written questions ▶ 0:57 Defense team in Jared Bridegan murder case wants ‘crucial’ witness to answer written questions Sinkhole on apartment property leaves Westside residents without water since Friday ▶ 1:52 Sinkhole on apartment property leaves Westside residents without water since Friday Jacksonville street racers will have new option with groundbreaking of Callahan drag strip ▶ 0:59 Jacksonville street racers will have new option with groundbreaking of Callahan drag strip Jacksonville private school faces setback after $200K in technology stolen ▶ 1:07 Jacksonville private school faces setback after $200K in technology stolen Jags fans snatching up merchandise as team rides wave of success ▶ 0:54 Jags fans snatching up merchandise as team rides wave of success News4JAX is tracking Santa on Christmas Eve 🎅 Tune in and show the kids! ▶ 0:45 News4JAX is tracking Santa on Christmas Eve 🎅 Tune in and show the kids! Workers strike outside San Marco area Starbucks ▶ 0:30 Workers strike outside San Marco area Starbucks Schools from across Jacksonville join parade to celebrate Raines High's state title ▶ 0:44 Schools from across Jacksonville join parade to celebrate Raines High's state title Community celebrates Raines High's state title with championship parade ▶ 0:44 Community celebrates Raines High's state title with championship parade Tiny 'Vette driver steals hearts during Raines championship parade ▶ 0:38 Tiny 'Vette driver steals hearts during Raines championship parade Jacksonville man who lost home in fire moved to tears after Christmas deliver from News4JAX ▶ 0:20 Jacksonville man who lost home in fire moved to tears after Christmas deliver from News4JAX Richard's Swing Makeover Pt. 17 ▶ 1:15 Richard's Swing Makeover Pt. 17 Color the Weather: Clayton’s Forecast ☀️📚 ▶ 1:14 Color the Weather: Clayton’s Forecast ☀️📚 Man arrested in connection with 'road rage' shooting ▶ 0:43 Man arrested in connection with 'road rage' shooting Neighbor describes scene of deadly double shooting in Orange Park ▶ 0:17 Neighbor describes scene of deadly double shooting in Orange Park Previous photo Next photo This file photo shows fireworks over downtown Jacksonville. Viewing, traffic: Here’s what you need to know about the New Year’s Eve fireworks show in downtown Jacksonville Read full article: Viewing, traffic: Here’s what you need to know about the New Year’s Eve fireworks show in downtown Jacksonville River City Guide has you covered for all the holiday festivities 10 minutes ago 🔒River City Guide: Blast into the New Year with events from Dec. 30 - Jan. 4 Read full article: 🔒River City Guide: Blast into the New Year with events from Dec. 30 - Jan. 4 No description available 4 minutes ago Jonas Brothers show to mark last concert at Daily’s Place before 2-year closure for stadium renovations Read full article: Jonas Brothers show to mark last concert at Daily’s Place before 2-year closure for stadium renovations No description available Frigid start for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia: Wind chills plunge temperatures into the 30s Read full article: Frigid start for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia: Wind chills plunge temperatures into the 30s Cold night shelters Cold night shelters opening across Northeast Florida as temperatures drop heading into New Year Read full article: Cold night shelters opening across Northeast Florida as temperatures drop heading into New Year E-bikes ‘They’re not indestructible’: Child e-bike injuries jump by almost 4,000% in three years Read full article: ‘They’re not indestructible’: Child e-bike injuries jump by almost 4,000% in three years FILE - A certified medical assistant holds a syringe for a flu vaccine at a clinic in Seattle, on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson, File) Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Read full article: Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Brunswick Police Department Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident Read full article: Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident Top 10 I-Team & Addressing Affordability Stories From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories Read full article: From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories Forecast Feels Like Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia Read full article: Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia A black bear in Florida Florida’s rare and controversial black bear hunt kills 52 Read full article: Florida’s rare and controversial black bear hunt kills 52 Marion County Fire Rescue Former Marion County firefighters plead not guilty in hazing case Read full article: Former Marion County firefighters plead not guilty in hazing case County-by-county breakdown of garbage collection for the holidays How will the Christmas holiday affect trash collection in my county? Read full article: How will the Christmas holiday affect trash collection in my county? The NXT breakout star, Evolve Champ joins us 2 days ago Going Ringside Ep. 167: Kendal Grey Read full article: Going Ringside Ep. 167: Kendal Grey Have a news tip? Share with the News4JAX team WEATHER NEWS Forecast Feels Like Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia Read full article: Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia Today, cloud coverage and lack of sunshine are keeping temperatures lower than expected. Add in a northwesterly wind, and it’s downright chilly! Start every day with News4JAX Morning Blend sent to your inbox: Sign Up SPORTS Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence scores past Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Adetomiwa Adebawore (95) and safety Camryn Bynum (0) during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 28, 2025, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/AJ Mast) 1 day ago Trevor Lawrence runs for 2 scores as Jaguars close in on AFC South title with 23-17 win over Colts Read full article: Trevor Lawrence runs for 2 scores as Jaguars close in on AFC South title with 23-17 win over Colts INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA - DECEMBER 28: Trevor Lawrence #16 of the Jacksonville Jaguars runs the ball against Adetomiwa Adebawore #95 of the Indianapolis Colts during the first half of the game at Lucas Oil Stadium on December 28, 2025 in Indianapolis, Indiana. (Photo by Michael Hickey/Getty Images) 2 days ago Four Cents: Jaguars show that they’re the team to beat in the AFC Read full article: Four Cents: Jaguars show that they’re the team to beat in the AFC I-TEAM Top 10 I-Team & Addressing Affordability Stories From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories Read full article: From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories No description available ‘Piling up for two weeks’: Northside apartment complex residents frustrated over unresolved trash complaints Read full article: ‘Piling up for two weeks’: Northside apartment complex residents frustrated over unresolved trash complaints GEORGIA NEWS Brunswick Police Department Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident Read full article: Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident No description available NE Florida, SE Georgia sheriff offices buckle down on drunk driving with hosts of arrests Read full article: NE Florida, SE Georgia sheriff offices buckle down on drunk driving with hosts of arrests HEALTH HEADLINES FILE - A certified medical assistant holds a syringe for a flu vaccine at a clinic in Seattle, on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson, File) Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Read full article: Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know U.S. Ambassador to the Ivory Coast Jessica Davis Ba, left, and Adam Coulibaly, minister of finance and budget, sign a health agreement in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Diomande Ble Blonde) US commits $480m in health funding to Ivory Coast, the latest to sign 'America First' health deals Read full article: US commits $480m in health funding to Ivory Coast, the latest to sign 'America First' health deals CONSUMER NEWS No description available Need to make it a ‘Thriftmas’ this year? Consumer Reports experts share advice for second-hand gifts Read full article: Need to make it a ‘Thriftmas’ this year? Consumer Reports experts share advice for second-hand gifts No description available Important advice for safety and protection while last-minute holiday shopping and after returning home Read full article: Important advice for safety and protection while last-minute holiday shopping and after returning home MORE NEWS HEADLINES Seth Holton mugshot St. Augustine man, 54, arrested in Flagler County after being accused of sexually assaulting minor Read full article: St. Augustine man, 54, arrested in Flagler County after being accused of sexually assaulting minor FILE - New England Patriots wide receiver Stefon Diggs (8) leaves the field following an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Nov 23, 2025, in Cincinnati, Ohio. (AP Photo/Peter Joneleit, File) Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations Read full article: Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charge, denies allegations Rendering of Sulzbacher Enterprise Village, to be completed by the end of 2026. | Sulzbacher #AskJAXTDY l When will Sulzbacher hire for manufacturing jobs? Read full article: #AskJAXTDY l When will Sulzbacher hire for manufacturing jobs? No description available NE Florida, SE Georgia sheriff offices buckle down on drunk driving with hosts of arrests Read full article: NE Florida, SE Georgia sheriff offices buckle down on drunk driving with hosts of arrests FILE - The Omaha World Herald building is seen in downtown Omaha, Neb. Nov. 30, 2011. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik, File) 59 minutes ago Lee Enterprises stabilizes finances with $50M investment led by billionaire David Hoffmann Read full article: Lee Enterprises stabilizes finances with $50M investment led by billionaire David Hoffmann FILE - Motorists pass outside Bor State Hospital in Bor, South Sudan, Monday, Aug. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly, File) Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants Read full article: Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants E-bikes ‘They’re not indestructible’: Child e-bike injuries jump by almost 4,000% in three years Read full article: ‘They’re not indestructible’: Child e-bike injuries jump by almost 4,000% in three years Miguel Thornton stands under memorial flags for the victims of a Jan. 1, 2025, vehicle ramming attack, outside of the Bourbon Street bar, where he works, on Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Jack Brook) New Orleans prepares for New Year's celebrations on anniversary of Bourbon Street attack Read full article: New Orleans prepares for New Year's celebrations on anniversary of Bourbon Street attack FILE - A certified medical assistant holds a syringe for a flu vaccine at a clinic in Seattle, on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson, File) Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Read full article: Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Forecast Feels Like Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia Read full article: Freezing conditions continue into Wednesday for Northeast Florida, Southeast Georgia FILE - Lobsters are displayed on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2022, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File) Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England Read full article: Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England This undated combo photo created with images released by the Iowa National Guard shows Sgts. William Nathaniel Howard, left, and Edgar Brian Torres-Tovar. (Iowa National Guard via AP) Nearly 25 Islamic State fighters killed or captured in Syria, US military says Read full article: Nearly 25 Islamic State fighters killed or captured in Syria, US military says WEIRD NEWS FILE - Lobsters are displayed on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2022, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File) Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England Read full article: Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England Shamans hold photos of U.S. President Donald Trump and Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro during their annual ritual to predict political and social issues for the new year in Lima, Peru, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025. (AP Photo/Guadalupe Pardo) 1 day ago Peruvian shamans predict Maduro's fall, continued global conflicts in 2026 Read full article: Peruvian shamans predict Maduro's fall, continued global conflicts in 2026 Aryna Sabalenka and Nick Kyrgios laugh ahead of their Battle of the Sexes tennis match in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sunday Dec. 28, 2025. (Amr Alfiky/Pool Photo via AP) 2 days ago Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest 'Battle of the Sexes' in tennis Read full article: Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest 'Battle of the Sexes' in tennis This photo provided by the family shows Suze Lopez, and her son, Ryu, in California in October 2025. (Lopez family via AP) 'The best gift ever': Baby is born after the rarest of pregnancies, defying all odds Read full article: 'The best gift ever': Baby is born after the rarest of pregnancies, defying all odds No description available Start 2026 With Purpose: Volunteer on MLK Day of Service With United Way Northeast Florida Read full article: Start 2026 With Purpose: Volunteer on MLK Day of Service With United Way Northeast Florida What you wear, how you behave, and how you conduct yourself—even when you’re not speaking—matters more than you may think Sponsored Split Happens Ep. 6: Why courtroom etiquette matters more than you think Read full article: Split Happens Ep. 6: Why courtroom etiquette matters more than you think Hanania Automotive adds Palm Coast dealership, continuing Northeast Florida growth (2025) Hanania Automotive adds Palm Coast dealership, continuing Northeast Florida growth Read full article: Hanania Automotive adds Palm Coast dealership, continuing Northeast Florida growth No description available Season Finale|Voices of the 904 Ep. 8 - Her spin on placemaking calls people to fall back in love with downtown JAX Read full article: Season Finale|Voices of the 904 Ep. 8 - Her spin on placemaking calls people to fall back in love with downtown JAX An ice fisherman starts his auger before drilling a hole in the ice on Long Lake following yesterday's freezing rainstorm, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Harrison, Maine. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty) Extreme Midwest cold follows storm that barreled across Great Lakes and Northeast Read full article: Extreme Midwest cold follows storm that barreled across Great Lakes and Northeast This file photo shows fireworks over downtown Jacksonville. Viewing, traffic: Here’s what you need to know about the New Year’s Eve fireworks show in downtown Jacksonville Read full article: Viewing, traffic: Here’s what you need to know about the New Year’s Eve fireworks show in downtown Jacksonville U.S. Ambassador to the Ivory Coast Jessica Davis Ba, left, and Adam Coulibaly, minister of finance and budget, sign a health agreement in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Diomande Ble Blonde) US commits $480m in health funding to Ivory Coast, the latest to sign 'America First' health deals Read full article: US commits $480m in health funding to Ivory Coast, the latest to sign 'America First' health deals JSO Lt. Marc Crawford fired multiple shots into a semi-truck following a crash where he was found to be at fault. Off-duty JSO lieutenant who fired at truck driver during I-95 encounter won’t be charged, SAO says Read full article: Off-duty JSO lieutenant who fired at truck driver during I-95 encounter won’t be charged, SAO says FILE - Caroline Kennedy, ambassador of the United States to Australia, left, arrives with her husband, Edwin Schlossberg, center left, and her children, Tatiana Schlossberg, center right, and Jack Schlossberg, right, Sunday, Oct. 29, 2023, before the presentation ceremony for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne, File) Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Read full article: Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Kilmar Abrego Garcia and his wife Jennifer Vasquez Sura leave the United States District Court District of Maryland, Monday, Dec. 22, 2025, in Greenbelt, Md. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough) DOJ pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge's order says Read full article: DOJ pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge's order says The Federal Reserve Chair logo appears on a podium at the Federal Reserve, Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show Read full article: December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show This combination of photos provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in December 2025 shows a 16-ounce package of Forward Farms Grass-Fed Ground Beef produced by Mountain West Food Group. (USDA via AP) Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk Read full article: Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk No description available 46 minutes ago JSO identifies man shot in the head, killed in officer-involved shooting in Oceanway Read full article: JSO identifies man shot in the head, killed in officer-involved shooting in Oceanway FILE - Marching bands perform along Colorado Blvd. in the 136th Rose Parade, in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File) Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop Read full article: Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop FILE - Xhosa boys stand in a field during traditional Xhosa male circumcision ceremonies into manhood in Qunu, South Africa, on Saturday, June 30, 2013. (AP Photo/Schalk van Zuydam, File) 41 young men die in South Africa from circumcision procedures during initiation ceremonies Read full article: 41 young men die in South Africa from circumcision procedures during initiation ceremonies FILE - Vehicles drive along Pennsylvania Ave. during rush hour traffic at sunrise Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2025, in Washington, with the U.S. Capitol in the background. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) IRS increases 2026 business mileage rate by 2.5 cents Read full article: IRS increases 2026 business mileage rate by 2.5 cents Top 10 I-Team & Addressing Affordability Stories From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories Read full article: From a botched fridge install to landlord complaints: Here are the top 2025 I-TEAM and Addressing Affordability stories FILE - An EBT SNAP sign is shown on a self check out screen at a grocery store in Mount Prospect, Ill., Saturday, Nov. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, File) SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 Read full article: SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Mar-a-Lago, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) U.S. sanctions 10 people and firms from Iran and Venezuela over drone and missile trade Read full article: U.S. sanctions 10 people and firms from Iran and Venezuela over drone and missile trade Conductor Yannick Nzet-Sguin conducts the Vienna Philharmonic at the Musikverein in Vienna on Dec. 30, 2025, ahead of their New Year's Day concert. (Dieter Nagl/Vienna Philharmonic via AP) Nézet-Séguin’s path to the Vienna New Year’s concert began when he replaced banned conductor in 2022 Read full article: Nézet-Séguin’s path to the Vienna New Year’s concert began when he replaced banned conductor in 2022 FILE - Director of the Office of Management and Budget Russell Vought speaks to reporters at the White House, Thursday, July 24, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) Judge blocks White House's attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid Read full article: Judge blocks White House's attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid Seth Holton mugshot St. Augustine man, 54, arrested in Flagler County after being accused of sexually assaulting minor Read full article: St. Augustine man, 54, arrested in Flagler County after being accused of sexually assaulting minor Brunswick Police Department Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident Read full article: Brunswick police officer arrested, accused of trespassing during domestic incident FILE - FBI Director Kash Patel White House speaks during a press briefing at the White House, Wednesday, Nov. 12, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File) Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Read full article: Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers FILE - Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during the company's Connect developer conference Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2025, in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Nic Coury, File) Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance its artificial intelligence efforts Read full article: Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance its artificial intelligence efforts Rendering of Sulzbacher Enterprise Village, to be completed by the end of 2026. | Sulzbacher #AskJAXTDY l When will Sulzbacher hire for manufacturing jobs? Read full article: #AskJAXTDY l When will Sulzbacher hire for manufacturing jobs? New signage, The Donald J. Trump and The John F. Kennedy Memorial Center For The Performing Arts, is unveiled on the Kennedy Center, Friday, Dec. 19, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations Read full article: Kennedy Center renaming prompts a new round of cancellations No description available 4 minutes ago Jonas Brothers show to mark last concert at Daily’s Place before 2-year closure for stadium renovations Read full article: Jonas Brothers show to mark last concert at Daily’s Place before 2-year closure for stadium renovations FILE - Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Greg Abel poses for pictures with shareholders while touring the booths Berkshires companies set up, May 3, 2024, in Omaha, Neb. (AP Photo/Josh Funk, File) The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era Read full article: The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era A Basset Fauve De Bretagne stands for photographs during a Meet the Breeds event February 22, 2022 in San Diego. (David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP) Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Read full article: Unleash the hounds! And terriers and lapdogs. The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds Palestinians pass along a street surrounded by buildings destroyed during Israeli air and ground operations in the Sheikh Radwan neighborhood, in Gaza City, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana) Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 Read full article: Israel says it will halt operations of several humanitarian organizations in Gaza starting in 2026 FILE - Voters fill out their ballots Nov. 4, 2025, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File) After quiet off-year elections, Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms Read full article: After quiet off-year elections, Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in the midterms FILE - Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., arrives on stage at the inaugural Make America Healthy Again summit at the Waldorf Astoria, Nov. 12, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Rod Lamkey, Jr., File) In a tumultuous year, US health policy has been dramatically reshaped under RFK Jr. Read full article: In a tumultuous year, US health policy has been dramatically reshaped under RFK Jr. This 1825 etching provided by the Library of Congress shows an astronomical chart depicting Bootes the Ploughman holding a spear, a sickle, and two dogs, Asterion and Chara, on leashes, a quadrant, and the hair of Berenice forming the constellations. (Sidney Hall/Library of Congress via AP) The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Read full article: The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Crash on I-295 All northbound lanes reopen on I-295 near UNF Drive after crash Read full article: All northbound lanes reopen on I-295 near UNF Drive after crash Official of the Union Election Commission prepare to close a polling station after the votes are counted, during the first phase of general election, in Naypyitaw, Myanmar, Sunday, Dec. 28, 2025. (AP Photo/Aung Shine Oo) Myanmar's military-backed party claims strong lead in election's first phase Read full article: Myanmar's military-backed party claims strong lead in election's first phase BACK TO TOP TV Listings Email Newsletters RSS Feeds Contests and Rules Contact Us Careers at WJXT / WCWJ Closed Captioning / Audio Description WJXT Public File WJXT EEO Report WCWJ Public File WCWJ EEO Report Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info FCC Applications Cookie Preferences Follow Us Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab) Visit our X page (opens in a new tab) Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab) Get Results With Omne If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801 At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence. Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.