Skip to main content
Newsletter
Sign In
Subscribe
Search
The Latest
News
Books & Culture
Fiction & Poetry
Humor & Cartoons
Magazine
Puzzles & Games
Video
Podcasts
Goings On
Shop
100th Anniversary
Going Folk

Natalia Lafourcade started out as a teen pop star—now she’s reinventing traditional Mexican music. Jack Herrera on how she became the emblem of “Veracruz sound.”

Support The New Yorker's Pulitzer Prize-winning journalism. Subscribe today »
Today’s Mix
Why A.I. Didn’t Transform Our Lives in 2025

This was supposed to be the year when autonomous agents took over everyday tasks. The tech industry overpromised and underdelivered.

By Cal Newport
The Weirdly Refreshing Honesty of the Oscars of TikTok

The app might wreak havoc on users’ mental health, but there was a satisfying frankness at the gathering about the fact that everything in life is now fodder for content.

By Naomi Fry
It Takes Only Five Paintings to See Helen Frankenthaler’s Genius

In a small show at moma, Frankenthaler seems to make paint its own living force, untouched by an artist.

By Zachary Fine
The Organists Improvising Soundtracks to Silent Films

Early on, movies had no sound, but musicians provided live accompaniment. The tradition continues.

By Alex Ross
Fiction
“The Ice-Skater”
BY Kanak Kapur
Illustration by Sophia Deng
They were young men when they first met. Both of them in skinny jeans and American-branded T-shirts, purchased at a greater cost than either would have admitted to his family. Samar’s T-shirt read “GUESS?,” and Yogan’s “American Eagle.” The meaning of these inscriptions did not matter to them, though Yogan suspected that his had something to do with the American postal service, and this excited him.Continue reading »
This Week in Fiction
Kanak Kapur on Migrant Labor and Skating in Dubai
New Year’s sale on wall art and Desk Diaries! Use the code NYE2025 and enjoy 20% off framed cartoons and covers and 35% off Desk Diaries.Order »
The Lede

A daily column on what you need to know.

Trump, Epstein, and the Women

The Epstein files are a vast trove of documents and will take time to absorb, but Trump made his attitude about women clear long ago.

By David Remnick
The Right Wing Rises in Latin America

The new President of Chile joins a new class of leaders trying to seize the future by rewriting the past.

By Jon Lee Anderson
Trump Dishonors the Kennedy Center

A memorial to John F. Kennedy and his respect for the freedom of the arts has been renamed for a man with authoritarian instincts.

By David Remnick
What Zohran Mamdani Is Up Against

When the thirty-four-year-old socialist is sworn in as mayor, he will have to navigate ice raids, intransigent city power players, and twists of fate and nature.

By Eric Lach
Is Cognitive Dissonance Actually a Thing?

A foundational 1956 study of the concept, focussed on a U.F.O. doomsday cult, has been all but debunked by new research.

By Shayla Love
How America Gave China an Edge in Nuclear Power

Though the two countries are now in a race to develop atomic technology, China’s most advanced reactor was the result of collaboration with American scientists.

By Colin Jones
Books
The Psychology of Fashion

Our garments offer glimpses of the unconscious; we may also choose them because they feel nothing like us—because they allow us, briefly, to become someone else.

By Leslie Jamison
Listen
Goings On

Recommendations on what to read, eat, watch, listen to, and more.

A Night Out on New Year’s Eve

Sheldon Pearce on where to dance when the clock strikes midnight. Plus: Vinson Cunningham shares some of his favorite songs of the year.

“Marty Supreme” Is Timothée Chalamet’s Show

Richard Brody reviews Josh Safdie’s hectic new film, in which the actor plays a gifted Ping-Pong player who’s also a born performer.

Memory Speaks in “Marjorie Prime” and “Anna Christie”

June Squibb sparkles opposite Cynthia Nixon in a futuristic drama, and Michelle Williams loses her way in Eugene O’Neill’s Pulitzer Prize winner, Helen Shaw writes.

The Literature of Harlem

Thelma Golden, the director of the Studio Museum, chooses some of her most beloved books about the neighborhood—both as a place and as an anchor for Black cultural consciousness.

Annals of Education
Dyslexia and the Reading Wars

Proven methods for teaching the readers who struggle most have been known for decades. Why do we often fail to use them?

By David Owen
Listen
Dept. of Hoopla

Resolve to laugh more in 2026.

New Year’s Resolutions for an Anteater
By Emma Rathbone
This Is the Year!
By Colin Nissan
Hangover Cures for New Year’s Day
By Ella Quittner and Colin Stokes
The King’s New Year’s Fitness Journal
By Kate Greathead and Teddy Wayne
Ten Minutes ’Til the New Year
By Marc Philippe Eskenazi
The Times Square New Year’s Ball Tells All
By Ellis Rosen and Colin Stokes
2025 in Review
What Kind of New World Is Being Born?

An essay for tumultuous times.

By Vinson Cunningham
Have confidential information to share with our newsroom?Send us a tip »
The Critics
The Front Row
“Father Mother Sister Brother” Explores the Mysteries of Family Life

Jim Jarmusch’s three-part drama, set in New Jersey, Dublin, and Paris, casts such notables as Adam Driver and Cate Blanchett in wry, ironic probes of grown children’s relationships with their parents.

By Richard Brody
The Current Cinema
“Avatar: Fire and Ash” Mostly Treads Water

In James Cameron’s latest 3-D science-fiction extravaganza, the Na’vi family tree gets more complicated, but our sense of wonderment flattens out.

By Justin Chang
On Television
The Extremely Online Bona Fides of “I Love L.A.”

Rachel Sennott, the HBO series’ creator and star, may be a relative newcomer to Los Angeles, but she’s a native of the show’s true setting: the internet.

By Inkoo Kang
The Current Cinema
“No Other Choice” Eliminates the Competition with Style

In Park Chan-wook’s adaptation of Donald E. Westlake’s crime novel, Lee Byung-hun plays a newly laid-off executive who launches his own campaign of mass termination.

By Justin Chang
Under Review
What Can Conversion Memoirs Tell Us?

Two recent books follow young religious converts down the winding back roads of belief.

By Lauren Boersma Harris
The Theatre
Matthew Broderick Stars as the Titular Grifter in “Tartuffe”

It’s been the year of Molière, and therefore the year of the liar, the hypocrite, the poseur, the clown.

By Helen Shaw
Peruse a gallery ofcartoons from the issue »
The Cartoons & Puzzles Issue

Play new games and seasonal brainteasers, and explore a century of wit.

2025 in Review
The Top Twenty-five New Yorker Stories of 2025

Consider this your personal year-end reading list, one that we hope provides hours of pleasure.

By Michael Luo
Ten of My Favorite Cookbooks of 2025

The year’s best culinary titles include a food history of the United States, a guide to being an excellent dinner-party guest, and a collection of recipes that people decided to take to their graves.

By Hannah Goldfield
The Role of Doctors Is Changing Forever

Some patients don’t trust us. Others say they don’t need us. It’s time for us to think of ourselves not as the high priests of health care but as what we have always been: healers.

By Dhruv Khullar
A Year of Listening Beyond the Algorithm

A list of songs I loved in 2025.

By Hanif Abdurraqib
The Best Performances

In a year when the entertainment industry embraced the artificial, extraordinary human acts made their mark.

By Michael Schulman
The Best Theatre

It was a banner year for generation-defining performance, both up- and downtown.

By Helen Shaw
The Best Things I Ate

Our restaurant critic rounds up her favorite menu items from a year of eating out.

By Helen Rosner
The Best TV Shows

This year, Hollywood’s decline was evident from its output—but a few great, conversation-starting shows made our critic crave the return of the water cooler.

By Inkoo Kang
Instagram’s Favorite New Yorker Cartoons

The year’s most-liked gag drawings suggest that you, our readers, are really going through something.

By Emma Allen
A Low Point of Human Inaction on Climate Change

Trump’s assault on the environment has been as damaging as expected, but other developments this year give some hope for the future.

By Bill McKibben
The Essential Reads of 2025

New Yorker editors and critics have chosen a dozen essential reads of the year in nonfiction and a dozen, too, in fiction and poetry.

The Best Films of 2025

Our critics rank their favorite movies of the year.

By Justin Chang and Richard Brody
A Century of New Yorker Cartoons

Highlights from the first hundred years of this magazine’s most succinct, quadrilateral humor.

Our Columnists
Fault Lines
Americans Won’t Ban Kids from Social Media. What Can We Do Instead?

Free-speech norms and powerful tech companies make legal restrictions unlikely—but social changes are already taking place.

By Jay Caspian Kang
The Financial Page
The Biggest Threat to the 2026 Economy Is Still Donald Trump

Many analysts are predicting an election-year upturn, but they aren’t accounting for the President’s ability to cause more chaos.

By John Cassidy
Critic’s Notebook
“Waiting to Exhale,” Thirty Years On

The 1995 classic became as much a sociological phenomenon as an artistic one—but its designation as a “chick flick” belies its emotional sophistication and intelligence.

By Niela Orr
The Sporting Scene
Watching Philip Rivers Play Football Makes Me Feel Old

He and I are the same age, but only one of us is an N.F.L. quarterback.

By Louisa Thomas
A Critic at Large
Is the Dictionary Done For?

The print edition of Merriam-Webster was once a touchstone of authority and stability. Then the internet brought about a revolution.

By Louis Menand
Listen
Persons of Interest
How Willie Nelson Sees America
By Alex Abramovich
The Burgled Louvre’s Stolen-Art Expert
By Julian Lucas
The Wild, Sad Life of John Cage’s First Lover
By Alex Ross
Rob Reiner Made a New Kind of Fairy Tale
By Alexandra Schwartz
A Reporter at Large
Peter Navarro, Trump’s Ultimate Yes-Man

The tariff cheerleader established the template of sycophancy for Trump Administration officials.

By Ian Parker
Listen
Limited-edition anniversary totes, T-shirts, hats, and more are now available in The New Yorker Store.Browse and buy »
Puzzles & Games

Take a break and play.

The Crossword

A puzzle that ranges in difficulty, with the occasional theme.

Solve the latest puzzle
The Mini

A bite-size crossword, for a quick diversion.

Solve the latest puzzle
Shuffalo

Can you make a longer word with each new letter?

Play today’s game
Laugh Lines

Can you place the cartoons in chronological order?

Play this week’s game
Cartoon Caption Contest

We provide a cartoon, you provide a caption.

Enter this week’s contest
Name Drop

Can you guess the notable person in six clues or fewer?

Play a quiz from the vault
In Case You Missed It
Books
Stephen Sondheim, Puzzle Maestro
By Michael Schulman
The Weekend Essay
What if Readers Like A.I.-Generated Fiction?
By Vauhini Vara
The New Yorker Interview
How Noah Baumbach Fell (Back) in Love with the Movies
By Susan Morrison
The Weekend Essay
A Battle with My Blood
By Tatiana Schlossberg
The Talk of the Town
London Postcard
A Puppet Called Paddington
By Anna Russell
Mockup Dept.
The Re-Assemblage of Joseph Cornell
By Bruce Handy
Dept. of Austerity
Mona Fastvold Knows Her Way Around a Chair
By Michael Schulman
Sketchpad
maha Country
By Liana Finck
Daily Cartoon
“Sorry we lied about being a centipede, but we all really, really liked you.”
Cartoon by Enrico Pinto
This week’s cartoons »
Shouts & Murmurs

Cartoons, comics, and other funny stuff. Sign up for the Humor newsletter.

Bill Clinton’s M10: The Story Behind My Favorite Cartoon
By Mort Gerberg
“All I Want for Christmas Is You,” Edited by Someone in Couples Therapy
By Anna Pook
Dear Pepper: Slaying the Self-Doubt Dragon
By Liana Finck
Premeditated
By Anthony Lane
The Disruptors Behind Radiohead’s Art
By Zoe Si
So You Want to Come to My New Vinyl-Listening Bar
By Brian Braiker

Sections

NewsBooks & CultureFiction & PoetryHumor & CartoonsMagazineCrosswordVideoPodcasts100th AnniversaryGoings On

More

Manage AccountShop The New YorkerBuy Covers and CartoonsCondé Nast StoreDigital AccessNewslettersJigsaw PuzzleRSSSite Map
AboutCareersContactF.A.Q.Media KitPressAccessibility HelpUser AgreementPrivacy PolicyYour California Privacy Rights

© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Privacy Information