Home - Nexicom Business Residential Menu 1-705-775-6394 My Account Menu Internet Phone TV Security Support About Us Contact My Account Business Residential Menu 1-705-775-6394 My Account Menu Internet Phone TV Security Support About Us Contact Business Residential Menu 1-705-775-6394 Menu Internet Phone TV Security Support About Us Contact My Account The Speed You Deserve At Home From streaming to video calls, we keep you connected when it matters most! Explore Plans Elevate Your Viewing Experience Flexible packages, and reliable service — built for the way you watch! View Packages Power Up Your Gaming Experience Stream, work & play without interruption with Fibre internet Learn More Keeping You Connected Get The Best Services For Your Lifestyle Internet Phone TV Security About Nexicom Why Choose Us? At Nexicom, we’ve proudly served our local communities for over 125 years, delivering reliable and innovative telecommunications services. As an independent service provider, we put customer service first. Whether you’re looking for high-speed internet, TV or home phone services, you can count on Nexicom to provide you with the best service to keep you connected. Discover Our Best Plans Choose The Plan That Works Best For You INTERNET Fast & Reliable Fibre Internet Unlimited Monthly Data Usage Local Support Learn More Price based on availability & location* INTERNET + PHONE + Fast & Reliable Fibre Internet Unlimited Monthly Data Usage Affordable Home Phone Services Learn More Price based on availability & location* INTERNET + PHONE + TV + + Fast & Reliable Fibre Internet Affordable Home Phone Service 30+ Basic TV Channels Learn More Price based on availability & location* More Than A Provider We Are Your Neighbour We take extra pride in ensuring the best possible experience for our customers, because we live, work and raise our families in the same communities we serve. When you choose Nexicom, you’re not only getting reliable, top-tier telecommunications services but also the support of a team that genuinely cares about your needs because they’re part of your community too. Learn More News & Updates Get The Latest News & Updates From Nexicom 20 Jan Looking Back – And Forward – On Growth, Investment, and Community Commitment As this year takes off with a promising start, Nexicom reflects on the last year of milestones, local investments, and enhanced connectivity for residents and businesses in Millbrook and surrounding... Read More 08 Jul Nexicom Continues Expanding Fibre Infrastructure in Hamilton Township Nexicom is pleased to announce the completion of the final phases of their Precious Corners Transport Project, funded through the CRTC Universal Broadband Fund. The project has supported the installation... Read More View all News & Updates Testimonials What Our Neighbours Are Saying I enjoyed Nexicom Internet services for over 8 years while living in Selwyn. The response time for any issues was very quick and efficient. Billing was easy and the rate was affordable. Suzan T Selwyn Had a wonderful conversation with Karen!! She explained everything and went above and beyond to make our family feel like our business was appreciated!! Kelly P Peterborough Amazing company. All the techs are hard working dedicated lads. Curtis E Millbrook We all never have great experiences with certain places but when I called the other day had a problem with my modem I took in the old one. They replaced it with a new one. Everything works good. Steve B Peterborough Frequently Asked Questions About Nexicom Why Choose Nexicom? Choosing Nexicom for your telecom needs means supporting a locally operated, proudly Canadian company that truly cares about its customers and community. With over 125 years of experience, Nexicom is committed to delivering reliable, high-speed internet, crystal-clear home phone, and feature-rich TV services tailored to your needs. Unlike larger providers, Nexicom offers personalized customer service, ensuring that you speak with someone from your community who understands your needs when you call for support. Our investment in expanding fibre-optic infrastructure means faster, more dependable connections for homes and businesses, keeping you connected to what matters most. Plus, with competitive pricing and no gimmicks, you get the best value without the hassle. Experience the Nexicom difference—where quality service meets local commitment. What Internet Speed Works Best for Me? We get it – you want blazing-fast internet without breaking the bank. The right speed depends on how you use the internet. For casual browsing, email, social media, and occasional streaming, lower speeds work just fine. But if you’re frequently downloading music and HD movies, gaming online, streaming in high definition, or managing multiple smart home devices, a higher speed is the way to go. Living in a busy household or an area with high interference? Choosing a faster speed ensures a smoother online experience, especially when multiple devices are connected. At Nexicom, we know reliable internet is essential for everyday life. With a range of internet solutions, we strive to be the local choice for fast and dependable service. Stay connected with plans designed for your needs. Whether you’re looking for the best internet provider in Ontario, a reliable phone service, or simply a seamless connection, Nexicom has you covered. Try our Usage Tool to find the perfect  fit! What’s the Best Internet Speed Available? The fastest internet speed available varies by location, as our services adapt to the infrastructure in each area. Contact us to check your address and find out the top speeds available to you or try our Usage Tool to find the perfect  fit! Can I Bundle Services? Get the most out of your home services by bundling Internet, TV, and Home Phone to match your lifestyle and budget. Whether you’re streaming, gaming, working from home, or staying connected with loved ones, we have a bundle that’s right for you. Our service bundles vary depending on your location, ensuring you get the best available options for your area. With flexible plans, exclusive savings, and the reliability of our local network, you can enjoy seamless connectivity with one simple bill. Contact us today to explore the best bundle options available in your neighbourhood! How Do I Pay My Bill? The easiest way to pay your bill is by setting up Pre-Authorized Payment (PAP), which automatically withdraws your payment each month. To enroll, log into SmartHub and access your Nexicom account here . Pricing valid as of today’s date and may change in accordance with market trends. Services and rates not available in all areas. Exact Internet speeds not guaranteed. Additional fees may apply. 5 King Street East Millbrook, Ontario L0A 1G0 Shop Menu Internet Phone TV Security Support Menu Support My Account Network Notices News & Updates Legal Menu Accessibility Standards Legal & Regulatory Customer Comments Customer Concerns About Us Menu About Us Careers Contact Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin-in 5 King Street East Millbrook, Ontario L0A 1G0 Shop Internet Phone TV Security Support Support My Account Network Notices News & Updates Legal Accessibility Standards Legal & Regulatory Customer Comments Customer Concerns About Us About Us Careers Contact Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin-in Consent Preferences Copyright © 2025 Nexicom Internet Phone TV Security Support About Us Contact Type to search Search for: Please note: Customer Service and Technical Support will be available from 8AM - 4PM on Dec. 24, Closed Dec. 25 & 26, 8AM - 4PM on Dec. 31 and Closed Jan. 1. Please note: Customer service is closed August 4th for the Civic Holiday. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer service is closed September 1st for Labour Day. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer service is closed October 13th for Thanksgiving. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer service is closed February 17th for Family Day. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer service is closed April 18th for Easter. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer service is closed May 19th for Victoria Day. Our Technical Support is still available by phone from 9AM - 5PM. Please note: Customer Service and Technical Support will be available from 8AM - 4PM on December 5th due to a company event. Nexicom will be closed on July 1st for Canada Day.