Nexign Official Products and Solutions Telecom Business Operations Full-Stack Digital BSS Nexign BSS Monetization Nexign Converged Charging Wholesale and Partner Management Nexign Interconnect Nexign Roaming Support Nexign Partner Management IoT Nexign IoT Connectivity Platform Mobile and Fixed Network Solutions Policy Management Nexign Policy and Charging Rules Function (PCRF) 5G ∙ Nexign 5G Policy Control Function (PCF) Nexign Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting (AAA) Nexign User Data Repository (UDR) Data & Analytics Nexign Mediation Nexign RAN Congestion Awareness Function (RCAF) Signaling Nexign Diameter Routing Agent (DRA) 5G ∙ Nexign Service Communication Proxy (SCP) 5G ∙ Nexign Network Repository Function (NRF) Network API Nexign Service Capability Exposure Function (SCEF) Digital Employee Experience Employee Engagement and Productivity Neon HRM Services End-to-End Delivery Managed Services Technical Support About About Nexign News Media Coverage Customers Events Quality Certificates Contacts ENG RUS Contact us Contact us Business Solutions at High Speeds We develop high-performance software to help you unlock the potential of your business Key Solutions Product v2 Nexign BSS Modular & database-agnostic BSS platform for telco growth and lean operations Product v2 Neon HRM All-in-one agile system that empowers HR teams in driving talent development, engagement, and productivity Product Nexign IoT Connectivity Platform A comprehensive telco-grade solution to accelerate IoT business development Product Nexign Policy Management Converged solution for high-performance, dynamic QoS control in all Gs Product Nexign Partner Management End-to-end solution for managing and monetizing relationships with any type of partner All news All news Nexign Wins MEA Business Awards for Its Converged Charging Solution Nexign Ensures New Opportunities for the Expansion of Ucell’s Subscriber Base Next-Generation Billing: Unification on the Digital Edge Show more Nexign BSS Conformance to Open API Principles Certified by TM Forum Read more About company Nexign’s 32 years of successful implementation of over 150 projects globally lay the foundation to support digital initiatives of any scale. Our solutions help companies automate business processes and achieve agility in delivering business goals so that they can continuously maintain their level of service and innovate to respond to changing market demands and gain a competitive edge. Show more 32 years of experience 12 countries 150+ successful projects 80 cross-functional teams 2000 employees Customer wins Telecom operator (Russia) Telecom operator Kcell MegaFon T2 Ucell Uzbektelecom Rostelecom Telecom operator (Russia) One of the leading Tier-1 communications service providers (CSPs) in Eastern Europe has deployed Nexign PCRF/PCF, a high-performance converged solution for dynamic policy management in 4G and 5G… Read more Telecom operator A leading mobile operator in the CIS with over 8 million subscribers successfully migrated to Nexign Mediation in just four months. The new high-performance platform accelerates network data… Read more Kcell Kcell replaced the Amdocs and Orga solutions with unified, convergent billing platform. The migration included over 140 current rate plans and approximately 1,000 products being transferred for 8… Read more MegaFon Nexign helped MegaFon to switch to Nexign Nord DBMS without compromising on reliability and performance. The project resulted in improved technological agility and a multiple reduction in TCO. Read more MegaFon Nexign Network Monetization Suite helped MegaFon to optimize 4G (LTE) network management, reduce expenses, and enhance brand loyalty. Also, the operator receives capabilities to launch next-generation… Read more MegaFon Nexign Microservices Framework has played a pivotal role in MegaFon’s digital journey by enabling an ecosystem that streamlines partner onboarding and helps to create new digital services for… Read more MegaFon Nexign implemented a project by migrating MegaFon’s eight subsidiaries and the subscriber base to a unified BSS platform. Nexign’s solution enabled the establishment of a partner ecosystem and a… Read more MegaFon Nexign RSS increased the settlement processes transparency and support roaming broker functions. As a result, the closure time for accounting periods reduced from 10 days to 2 days, operational… Read more Rostelecom,T2 With the help of Nexign, Rostelecom and Tele2 launched a joint IoT platform, which ensured seamless integration with their BSS systems and enabled competitive M2M solutions. This project resulted in… Read more Ucell Ucell replaced the existing BSS with Nexign Converged BSS. As a result, the operator enhanced the network reliability and flexibility of processes, improved KPIs and NPS, and increased the subscriber… Read more Uzbektelecom Uzbektelecom replaced five separate systems with one unified platform, Nexign Converged BSS. As a result, the operator balanced operational excellence with improved revenue generation strategies,… Read more Rostelecom,T2 With the help of Nexign, Rostelecom and Tele2 launched a joint IoT platform, which ensured seamless integration with their BSS systems and enabled competitive M2M solutions. This project resulted in… Read more Get in touch with us Fill out the form below, and our manager will contact you shortly First Name Last Name Business E-mail Phone Company Job Title Comments I accept Terms of Service Subscribe to Nexign’s Newsletter What code is in the image? Enter the characters shown in the image. Get new captcha! Press Releases, Events, In the News, Blog and Resources. Products and solutions Business Support System Nexign Converged Charging Nexign Interconnect Nexign Roaming Support IoT Connectivity Platform Nexign Policy and Charging Rules Function (PCRF) Nexign Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting (AAA) Nexign User Data Repository (UDR) Solutions Services End-to-End Delivery Managed Services Technical Support About About Nexign News Media Coverage Blog Customers Events Contacts Sitemap © Nexign, JSC, 1992–2025 Head office address: Uralskaya Street 4, Saint Petersburg, 199155, Russia 7 (812) 326–1299 office@nexign.com You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Subscribe to the newsletter Email I accept Terms of Service What code is in the image? Enter the characters shown in the image. Get new captcha! Privacy Policy Terms of Use Anti-Corruption Policy ENG RUS