Nexo: Your Wealth Platform for Digital Assets Log in Sign up Personal Business Markets Company Get started Buy BTC, ETH, and over 100 other digital assets and start earning interest. Buy assets Grow your savings Flexible Savings Earn interest with daily payouts and no lock-ups. Fixed-term Savings Earn more interest for longer periods of up to 12 months. Dual Investment Earn high yield while buying low and selling high. Manage your assets Exchange Swap over 100 digital assets with just a tap. Credit Line Borrow funds without selling your digital assets. Futures Capitalize on uptrends & downtrends with perpetuals. Spend anywhere Nexo Card Spend while earning interest and receiving cashback. Private Clients Accounts above $100,000 unlock access to bespoke assistance from a relationship manager. Loyalty Program Unlock higher savings rates, lower borrowing rates, and more. Grow your business Discover the many ways Nexo’s solutions empower businesses looking to expand their digital assets portfolio. Corporate Accounts Create a corporate account for your business or family office. Prime Brokerage Leverage an all-in-one solution for institutional investors. White Label Customize Nexo’s solutions to fit your business’ needs. Nexo Ventures Get the funding your business needs to thrive. Payment Gateway Allow your clients to pay with crypto. Market is up 1.35% in the last 24 hours Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, and over 100 other digital assets and start earning interest. Browse all assets Bitcoin BTC $88,645 1.69% Ethereum ETH $2,979.39 1.53% NEXO Token NEXO $0.8945 0.37% XRP XRP $1.88 1.84% BNB BNB $861.40 1.09% Solana SOL $125.58 1.98% USD Coin USDC $0.999926 0.02% Cardano ADA $0.352607 0.41% Tether USDT $0.998925 0% Driving the next generation of wealth Nexo has been helping clients grow their digital assets since 2018. About Learn more about our values, mission, and what defines us as a company. Security Discover Nexo’s fundamentals-first approach to custody, compliance, and more. Growth plan Explore our strategic initiatives in 2025. Partnerships Get to know our strategic partnerships in the world of sports. News & Insights Stay up to date with the latest from Nexo and the crypto world. Help Center Browse hundreds of helpful articles about Nexo’s products. Follow Nexo Language English Español (Latinoamérica) Polski Português (Brasil) Русский Tiếng Việt 中文(简体) 中文(繁體) Currency $ USD € EUR £ GBP Download the Nexo app: OR Direct download Personal Buy assets Flexible Savings Fixed-term Savings Dual Investment Exchange Credit Line Futures Nexo Card Private Clients Loyalty Program Business Corporate Accounts Prime Brokerage White Label Nexo Ventures Payment Gateway Markets Market is up 1.35% in the last 24 hours Bitcoin BTC 1.69% Ethereum ETH 1.53% NEXO Token NEXO 0.37% XRP XRP 1.84% BNB BNB 1.09% Solana SOL 1.98% USD Coin USDC 0.02% Cardano ADA 0.41% Tether USDT 0% Browse all assets Company About Security Growth plan Partnerships News & Insights Help Center English English Español (Latinoamérica) Polski Português (Brasil) Русский Tiếng Việt 中文(简体) 中文(繁體) USD $ USD € EUR £ GBP Log in Sign up Earn, borrow, spend. All in one place. Access the premier wealth platform built to grow your crypto. Sign up Download the Nexo app or Direct download Unlock white-glove wealth solutions when you add $100,000 or more. Discover Nexo Private Operating since 2018 Personalized client care 24/7 Assets under management $11+ billion Operating since 2018 Personalized client care 24/7 Assets under management $11+ billion Build your portfolio from a single app, designed for the forward-thinking investor. Sign up Grow your savings Let your assets work passively or use active strategies for high-yield returns. Grow your savings Let your assets work passively or use active strategies for high-yield returns. Sign up Earn daily compound interest with Flexible Savings Build your wealth with daily compound interest while keeping your funds available anytime . Learn more Earn higher rates for longer with Fixed-term Savings Earn more for a specific time period and achieve your long-term savings goals . Learn more Earn high yield with Dual Investment Use short or mid-term strategies to buy low and sell high. Earn yield while waiting for your target buy or sell conditions to be met. Learn more Our annual savings rates for supported digital assets. Up to 5.5% On BTC Up to 6.5% On ETH Up to 12% On NEXO Up to 12% On USDT Up to 7% On SOL Up to 15% On GBPx Up to 15% On USDx Up to 15% On EURx See all Open an account and earn up to 16% annually on your digital assets. Sign up Manage your assets Trade crypto and manage a Credit Line, seamlessly from one platform. Manage your assets Trade crypto and manage a Credit Line, seamlessly from one platform. Sign up Diversify your portfolio with the Nexo Exchange Exchange 100+ digital assets like BTC, ETH, or SOL and get cashback on each trade. Set Recurring Buys orders to execute trades at your desired price automatically. Learn more Unlock liquidity with a Credit Line from 2.9%. Receive the funds you need without selling your crypto. Bitcoin BTC 50% LTV Ethereum ETH 50% LTV Solana SOL 30% LTV XRP XRP 30% LTV NEXO Token NEXO 15% LTV Learn more Capitalize on the uptrends and downtrends with Futures Trade perpetual Futures with up to 100x leverage to take advantage of price moves in either direction. Learn more Exchange over 100 assets and unlock liquidity with a crypto-backed Credit Line. Sign up Spend anywhere Enjoy one card for debit and credit spending, and switch between the two anytime. Spend anywhere Enjoy one card for debit and credit spending, and switch between the two anytime. Sign up Debit Mode Spend and grow your savings. Earn up to 14% annual interest on your balance and have it ready to spend anytime. Take control and prioritize your spending assets with a simple drag and drop. Credit Mode Spend without selling  your crypto. Use your crypto as collateral to finance your expenses. Get up to 2% in cashback on purchases. Your expenses are tied to your Credit Line starting from 2.9% annual interest. About Nexo Card Spend without selling your digital assets and get up to 2% cashback with the Nexo Card. Wealth solutions for private and corporate clients. Access bespoke services built for those who demand flexibility, discretion, and trust. Bespoke services for your private wealth Available to individual clients and family offices with $100,000 in digital assets, Nexo Private offers tailored onboarding, a dedicated relationship manager, high-limit OTC trading, bespoke credit, and other exclusive benefits. Build a digital asset treasury for your business The Nexo corporate account combines institutional-grade custody, advanced OTC services, and extensive 24/7 client care to help your business diversify and thrive. Fund your account effortlessly. Add funds via bank transfers under your name, or choose from simple alternatives that match your needs. Crypto-friendly bank transfers Your personal USD, EUR, and GBP accounts on Nexo help you prevent blocked or delayed transactions that banks can impose on third-party transfers. Seamless crypto transfers Receive crypto from external platforms or wallets across 20+ blockchain networks like Ethereum, Solana, and Tron. Instant and local payment solutions Choose between instant card payments with Visa, Mastercard, Apple Pay, Google Pay or popular regional payment methods that work best for you. Enjoy exclusive benefits with the Nexo Loyalty Program. Join Nexo’s Loyalty Program with an account balance above $5,000. Enjoy daily interest earnings, lower borrow rates, crypto cashback on purchases, and many more premium benefits. Read more Why choose Nexo? Nexo empowers forward-thinking investors to build long-term wealth by offering the most comprehensive suite of digital asset solutions. Our approach unites cutting-edge products, robust infrastructure security, and white-glove client care. We aim to unlock new growth opportunities and drive the next generation of wealth. Read more Proven track record Trusted since 2018 White-glove client care Personalized client care available 24/7 Global footprint Present in 150+ jurisdictions Outstanding confidence $11+ billion assets under management Strong financial health Proven regulatory compliance High liquidity Processed $371+ billion Serving clients since 2018. Individuals, businesses, and institutions rely on us to help grow their digital asset portfolios. John A. Business Owner "No matter the time zone, Nexo’s team has always been very accessible and has helped me understand their unique products, helping me in my decision-making process." Andrew Founder & Chairman of a Property Development Group “My relationship manager has brought a unique focus to the business angle of crypto investments, understanding the importance of strategic movement and timing. In the fast-paced world of cryptocurrency, having established relationships is invaluable.” Oleg Entrepreneur “After four successful years with Nexo, we made the bold decision to shift our entire family balance sheet into the crypto world and on Nexo. We believe that crypto and Nexo are here to stay for many years to come, and we already view Nexo as the “Amazon of finance”, seamlessly bridging the worlds of fiat and crypto.” Rudolf G. Entrepreneur “Although the whole crypto space was really unknown to me, I trusted Nexo. Now, after 6 years of being a client, I can truly say Nexo is a serious and trustworthy company that cares about its customers and helps to enhance my investments.” Radio S. Entrepreneur “From the moment I joined Nexo, I felt the impact of their commitment to customer service and innovation. The seamless transactions, the variety of products, and the ease of managing my crypto assets have contributed significantly to the growth of my wealth. Nexo’s platform is intuitive, reliable, and has become an integral part of my strategy.” Awards and recognitions. Our dedicated team is available seven days a week
to provide personal assistance. "I'm planning to move more coins to Nexo because I feel much safer there. Honestly, safer than a cold wallet. I could lose my cold wallet, my apartment could burn down, but Nexo is securing my coins all day long with a highly skilled personnel that is aware of the latest threats." “I was able to resolve my query and continue with my busy day at work. This experience gave me peace of mind that if I need assistance again, I am confident in Nexo's professionalism.” “Reliable customer support with a personable touch on all levels. I've dealt with an abundance of teams internationally and I'm still awe struck at the level of support I've experienced with Nexo.” “I have been a Nexo user for 4 years by now. The interaction with the platform remained always very good and the customer support was prompt and efficient throughout.” “Their customer service was courteous, patient and helpful. The issues I had were eventually resolved. I am impressed with the level of security they employ and am pleased to have an account with them.” “I recently experienced a personal emergency and reached out to Nexo’s support team for assistance. I was incredibly impressed by their prompt and compassionate response.” See more Frequently asked questions. How can I create an account on Nexo? Creating your Nexo account is quick and straightforward. Simply sign up, confirm your email, and complete a fast identity check. Once verified, you’ll be ready to start building wealth with Nexo. You can learn about the process in detail here . How do I start earning interest? After you create your account, you need to buy or transfer crypto, opt in for interest earning via the Nexo app, and maintain an account balance above $5,000 worth of digital assets. Once that's done, you'll be earning daily interest on your digital assets with our Flexible Savings offering. To start earning interest, clients in certain jurisdictions must proactively opt-in for the service in their Nexo account. What cryptocurrencies can I buy and hold on Nexo? Nexo offers over 100 cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and USDC — all accessible through flexible payment options. Choose between Apple Pay, Google Pay, bank transfers, or bank cards, and purchase digital assets in the way that suits you best. View the full list of assets here . How can I open a Credit Line against my digital
assets? Once you buy or top up crypto, you can immediately access your Credit Line to borrow funds — either sent to your bank account or your Nexo account in the form of stablecoins. Visit our Help Center for more detailed information. Driving the next generation of wealth. Nexo is built for pioneers ready to leverage blockchain technology for wealth generation. Create your account today and get started. Sign up Download the Nexo app or Direct download Get updates, insights, and reports on the latest industry trends. Subscribe Download the Nexo app on your mobile device. 24/7 client care Operating since 2018 Strong 256-bit encryption Personal Buy Crypto Flexible Savings Fixed-term Savings Exchange Credit Line Nexo Crypto Card Dual Investment Futures Loyalty Program Private Clients Tax Reporting Referral Program Affiliate Program Business Corporates Institutions White Label Nexo Ventures Company About Growth Plan Ambassadors Security Partnerships Vulnerability Disclosure News & Insights Help Center Status Center Contacts Sitemap Legal Follow Nexo All or part of the Nexo Services, some features thereof, or some Digital Assets, are not available in certain jurisdictions, including where restrictions or limitations may apply, as indicated on the Nexo Platform and in the relevant general terms and conditions. While the nature of digital assets is unique, and when considering digital assets in the context of wealth enhancement, any such reference is for a general understanding of Nexo’s offerings. Materials related to Nexo’s services should not be treated as a guarantee of future results or as financial advice. When terms such as "up to" or "from" are used to denote limits, achieving these maximum or minimum thresholds may be conditional on additional actions or fulfilment of certain criteria and requirements that may not be attainable by all clients. Тhis material is for general information purposes only and is not intended to provide and should not be relied on for tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult a qualified professional, as this material is not tailored to your specific circumstances. When referencing digital assets as potential investments, any similarities with the traditional concept of investments are entirely circumstantial, therefore any parallels between them should not be interpreted as deliberate or intended. Assets under management figure last updated September 2025. © 2018 - 2025 Nexo