Defined Contribution Plans - Goldman Sachs Asset Management Find a Solution What We Do Funds Insights Creating Impact About Us search Login Capabilities Defined Contribution (DC) Resetting the retirement roadmap to help improve outcomes for retirees through personalized retirement planning, industry-advancing investment solutions and timely, consultative insights. At a Glance $2.9+ Trillion Asset Management AUS $52 Billion Stable Value AUS $339 Billion Alternatives AUS Source: Goldman Sachs Asset Management as of March 31, 2025. Assets Under Supervision (AUS) includes assets under management and other client assets for which Goldman Sachs does not have full discretion. What Makes Us Different First-hand Insights to Understand Retirement’s Realities Drawing on a deep history of multi-asset advisory experience and insights from our financial wellness advisors, we bring real-world perspectives to the evolving complexities of retirement from the employer and employee perspective. Flexible Solutions to Enable Unique Paths for All We bring together high-touch support and scalable technology to deliver personalized retirement journeys for every employee. Our leading digital platform can be configured to meet the needs of each plan’s diverse workforce. Investment Rigor to Turn Ambitions into Reality Our investment capabilities are underpinned by the expertise and rigor of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, leveraging decades of experience across public and private markets. We provide a comprehensive range of services and innovative technologies. Integrated Benefits to Enhance Offerings From Plan to Participant By incorporating an array of retirement benefits into each participant’s plan and asset allocation, we strive to help participants get the most out of their retirement benefits, while also helping employers optimize their offerings. What We Do Multi-Asset Solutions For investors seeking diversity across asset classes, Goldman Sachs Asset Management can customize multi-asset portfolios to an investor’s risk profile. Learn More arrow_forward Our Leadership Team close arrow_back arrow_forward Start the Conversation Contact Goldman Sachs Asset Management for a detailed discussion of your needs. Contact Us Market Insights in Your Inbox Discover our views on the economy, markets and investment strategy by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe © 2025 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. Risk considerations and disclosures 1. https://am.gs.com/en-us/institutions/news/press-release/2022/goldman-sachs-completes-acquisition-of-nextcapital-group THESE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED SOLELY ON THE BASIS THAT THEY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE INVESTMENT ADVICE AND WILL NOT FORM A PRIMARY BASIS FOR ANY PERSON'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT DECISIONS, AND GOLDMAN SACHS IS NOT A FIDUCIARY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PERSON OR PLAN BY REASON OF PROVIDING THE MATERIAL OR CONTENT HEREIN. PLAN FIDUCIARIES SHOULD CONSIDER THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES IN ASSESSING ANY POTENTIAL INVESTMENT COURSE OF ACTION. Certain fiduciary services, including Workplace Managed Accounts, Point-In-Time Advice, and on-demand guidance, are provided by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. (“GSAM”). Digital financial wellness and planning services are provided by Goldman Sachs Wealth Services, L.P.; GSAM is a registered investment adviser and part of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a public company that is a bank holding company, financial holding company and a world-wide, full-service finance organization. Goldman Sachs Ayco is a brand of Goldman Sachs Wealth Services, L.P. Brokerage services are offered through GS&Co. and Mercer Allied Company, L.P. (a limited purpose broker-dealer), both affiliates of Goldman Sachs Wealth Services and members of FINRA / SIPC . THIS MATERIAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT WOULD BE UNAUTHORIZED OR UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. Prospective investors should inform themselves as to any applicable legal requirements and taxation and exchange control regulations in the countries of their citizenship, residence or domicile which might be relevant. This material is provided for educational and informational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice or an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities. This material is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment recommendations, and makes no implied or express recommendations concerning the manner in which any client’s account should or would be handled, as appropriate investment strategies depend upon the client’s investment objectives. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary. The value of investments and the income derived from investments will fluctuate and can go down as well as up. A loss of principal may occur. This information discusses general market activity, industry or sector trends, or other broad-based economic, market or political conditions and should not be construed as research or investment advice. This material has been prepared by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and is not financial research nor a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research (GIR). It was not prepared in compliance with applicable provisions of law designed to promote the independence of financial analysis and is not subject to a prohibition on trading following the distribution of financial research. The views and opinions expressed may differ from those of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research or other departments or divisions of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates. Investors are urged to consult with their financial advisors before buying or selling any securities. This information may not be current and Goldman Sachs Asset Management has no obligation to provide any updates or changes. Any reference to a specific company or security does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell, hold or directly invest in the company or its securities. It should not be assumed that investment decisions made in the future will be profitable or will equal the performance of the securities discussed in this document. Views and opinions expressed are for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation by Goldman Sachs Asset Management to buy, sell, or hold any security. Views and opinions are current as of the date of this publication and may be subject to change, they should not be construed as investment advice. Goldman Sachs Asset Management provides Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice as investment adviser to the employer sponsored retirement plan at the employer’s direction as plan sponsor. GSAM does not have an individual client relationship with any participant and provides investment advisory services to a participant's account enrolled in Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice only in the participant's role as a participant in (and authorized agent of) the plan, not in the participant's individual capacity. Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice is generally not available to non-US residents or participants who have investments through self-directed brokerage accounts (e.g., through a plan brokerage window). There is no guarantee Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice will provide adequate income at or through retirement. Before making any enrollment or investment decision, you should read and consider all the relevant investment products’ offering documents and information. You should also seriously consider whether Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice and related investments are suitable for the plan and its participants before making any decision. Investment funds used in Workplace Managed Accounts and Point-In-Time Advice may lose value and are not FDIC-insured, and are not guaranteed by any government agency, bank or other financial institution. United States: In the United States, this material is offered by and has been approved by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, which are registered investment advisers with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Compliance code: 410015-TMPL-03/2025-2230152