Nextgov/FCW - Federal Technology News and Analysis for IT Managers & Acquisition Teams Continue to the site → Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Emerging Tech Modernization People Acquisition Digital Government Newsletters Events Magazine About Insights Advertise Trending Rise of the Chief AI Officer Presidential Transition Customer Experience Cyber Defense Sponsored: Resource Center Sponsored: Innovation in Gov Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Emerging Tech Modernization People Acquisition Digital Government Newsletters Events Magazine About Insights Advertise Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights ▼ Scroll To Continue ▼ Inside the Transportation Department’s technology transformation Modernization Inside the Transportation Department’s technology transformation The agency took a step in its digital transformation journey in September by striking a deal with Google, through the General Services Administration’s OneGov program. By Frank Konkel December 29, 2025 2026 is set to be the year of agentic AI, industry predicts Ed Forst sworn in as GSA administrator VA readies to restart EHR deployments in 2026, despite lingering lawmaker unease Cyber experts pinpoint what to look out for in 2026 Fed 100 deadline extended to Jan. 14, 2026 sponsor content Revolutionizing Government Contact Centers 2026 is set to be the year of agentic AI, industry predicts Ed Forst sworn in as GSA administrator VA readies to restart EHR deployments in 2026, despite lingering lawmaker unease Cyber experts pinpoint what to look out for in 2026 Fed 100 deadline extended to Jan. 14, 2026 sponsor content Revolutionizing Government Contact Centers Cybersecurity Cyber experts pinpoint what to look out for in 2026 Expect significant innovations in AI-driven cyber tools and a closer convergence between cybersecurity and geopolitics, they said. By David DiMolfetta 10 hours ago People Fed 100 deadline extended to Jan. 14, 2026 There is still time to get nominations in for the people that went above and beyond in federal IT this past year. By Jessie Bur December 29, 2025 Artificial Intelligence 2026 is set to be the year of agentic AI, industry predicts Leaders from major technology companies said their clients are asking for more specific agentic AI solutions, and cloud computing and data transformation will pave the way. By Alexandra Kelley December 29, 2025 Sponsor Content Sponsor Content New Booz Allen Tech Cripples Cybercriminals’ Arsenal How Booz Allen is using agentic AI to reverse engineer malware in minutes—helping government and industry fight faster, more sophisticated AI-powered cyber threats. Presented by Booz Allen People Ed Forst sworn in as GSA administrator Forst was sworn in on Christmas Eve in Florida while on jury duty. By Frank Konkel December 24, 2025 Modernization VA readies to restart EHR deployments in 2026, despite lingering lawmaker unease VA and Oracle Health say the modernization project’s operational pause has allowed them to enhance the new software’s usability and effectiveness. By Edward Graham December 23, 2025 Ideas When data defense becomes national defense COMMENTARY | The next frontier of defense is not in the skies or at sea; it is in the cloud, in our data centers and in the invisible flows of information that keep our societies running. By Riccardo Di Blasio December 23, 2025 Get the latest federal technology news delivered to your inbox. email Register for Newsletter Stay Connected Insights & Reports Redefining Mission Security Presented By Babel Street Download Now Defending government cloud against advancing threats Presented By CrowdStrike Download Now Get the latest federal technology news delivered to your inbox. email Register for Newsletter Defense Now you can train for the next drone war on simulated Ukrainian front lines A newly-released, public version of the drone simulator used to train thousands of Ukrainian military pilots offers a terrifyingly accurate glimpse into modern warfare. By John Breeden II December 23, 2025 Digital Government SSA phone wait times longer than publicly reported metrics, per OIG report The agency’s “average speed of answer” metric masks longer call wait times, according to data in a recent OIG report. By Natalie Alms December 22, 2025 Cybersecurity Senate adjourns without confirming CISA director Sean Plankey’s nomination faltered as lawmakers ran out the clock after a tumultuous year of workforce reductions. The cyberdefense agency enters the new year without a permanent leader as the White House finalizes a sweeping national cyber strategy. By David DiMolfetta December 22, 2025 Sponsor Content Sponsor Content From Ambition to Action: Modernizing Federal Healthcare IT Why federal healthcare agencies must modernize now—using interoperability and AI to secure data, improve care coordination, and build a resilient, mission-ready health system. Presented by Google Public Sector Ideas Three moves that can jumpstart cyber modernization — even wthout a full budget COMMENTARY | You don’t need a billion-dollar overhaul to modernize cybersecurity. Lou Eichenbaum shares three quick wins and three long-term priorities that agencies can act on, even with limited budgets. By Lou Eichenbaum December 22, 2025 Digital Government Agriculture focuses on SNAP fraud, while experts worry EBT theft will go unabated “The most damaging form of fraud in SNAP is fraud where the low-income recipients are the victims, not the perpetrators,” a senior analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities argues. By Natalie Alms December 22, 2025 Ideas The cyberwarfare landscape is changing — here’s how to prepare COMMENTARY | Entering 2026, cyberattack targets and tactics are poised to shift from perpetuating fraud and theft to societal disruption. By Tom Marlow December 19, 2025 People GSA backs off planned layoffs within its technology team after court order The Technology Transformation Services has lost 67% of its staff since Jan. 25. By Natalie Alms and Eric Katz December 19, 2025 Latest Digital Edition Show All Featured eBooks CDM Read Now Future-Ready Workforce Read Now Health Tech Read Now People Senate confirms Ethan Klein to be fifth US CTO In a sweeping nominee package, Klein was confirmed alongside Kirsten Davies to be DOD CIO and Pedro Allende to be DHS Undersecretary for Science and Technology. By David DiMolfetta December 19, 2025 Artificial Intelligence Inside the White House meeting on its AI Genesis Mission Radical AI’s CEO, who participated in the meeting, said there was a goal-oriented, partnership-driven focus for Genesis Mission and the ways it can change how AI and science work together. By Alexandra Kelley December 18, 2025 People Feds will have Dec. 24 and Dec. 26 off Federal employees will now have a five-day weekend, beginning on Christmas Eve. By Sean Michael Newhouse December 18, 2025 People Trump formally taps Joshua Rudd to lead NSA, Cyber Command The nomination marks a turning point for the electronic surveillance and hacking teams that have been without a permanent leader for eight months. By David DiMolfetta December 18, 2025 Cybersecurity Sen. Cotton urges top White House cyber official to protect open-source software A letter from the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee cites previous Nextgov/FCW reporting about a potential Russian backdoor into a Defense Department software suite. By David DiMolfetta December 18, 2025 Digital Government NASA and Microsoft finalize tool to track Earth’s water changes The space agency will host the Microsoft and OpenAI-powered Earth Copilot to make analyzing hydraulic data easier. By Alexandra Kelley December 18, 2025 Next About Contact Us Events Advertise Digital Editions Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Government Executive Defense One Route Fifty Washington Technology GovTribe More © 2025 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name * I Work For... * — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Agency/Department * — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Agency/Department * — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Agency/Department * — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Agency/Department * — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State Agency/Department * — select — Organization Function * — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Please Provide Your Org.'s Name * Industry * — select — Job Title * Job Function * — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Country * United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name * Postal code * Phone Number Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive
                  Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Thank you! Thank you for subscribing! Please check out our other newsletter offerings on our Newsletter page. Close × Get the latest federal technology news in your inbox. Sign up for Federal Tech Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Nextgov/FCW can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Submit More from Nextgov/FCW Privacy Policy