my.nextdns.io
NextDNS
Pricing
Privacy Policy
Help
The new firewall for the modern Internet.
NextDNS protects you from all kinds of security threats, blocks ads and trackers on websites and in apps and provides a safe and supervised Internet for kids — on all devices and on all networks.
Try it now
No signup required.
Sign up later to save your settings.
Learn more
SECURITY
Protect yourself against malware and phishing attacks, cryptojacking and more.
Determine your threat model and fine-tune your security strategy by enabling 10+ different types of protections.
Use the most trusted threat intelligence feeds containing millions of malicious domains — all updated in real-time.
Go beyond the domain — we analyze DNS questions and answers on-the-fly (in a matter of nanoseconds) in order to detect and block malicious behavior.
With usually only a few hours between domain registration and the start of an attack, our threat intelligence system is built to catch malicious domains earlier than classic security solutions.
Threat Intelligence FeedsGoogle Safe BrowsingCryptojackingDNS RebindingIDN HomographsTyposquattingDomain Generation Algorithms (DGAs)Newly Registered Domains (NRDs)Parked DomainsTop-Level Domains (TLDs)Child Sexual Abuse Material
PRIVACY
Block ads and trackers on websites and in apps — including the most devious ones.
Use the most popular ads & trackers blocklists — millions of domains all updated in real-time.
With Native Tracking Protection, block wide spectrum trackers that record your activity on a device at the operating system level.
Detect and block third-party trackers disguising themselves as first-party to circumvent browsers' privacy protections like ITP.
PARENTAL CONTROL
Protect your kids and control what they can access online, and when.
Block all websites containing porn, violence, piracy and more.
Enforce SafeSearch — filter explicit results on all search engines, including images and videos.
Enforce YouTube Restricted Mode — filter mature videos on YouTube and other websites.
Block specific websites, apps and games — Facebook, Tinder, Fortnite and many more.
With Recreation Time, only allow access to some websites, apps or games during specific times each day.
Facebook
TikTok
Snapchat
Tinder
Fortnite
Instagram
Twitch
YouTube
ANALYTICS & LOGS
See what's happening on your devices with in-depth analytics and real-time logs.
Measure the efficiency of your security, privacy and parental control strategies.
Decide how long your logs are kept — from one hour up to two years — or disable logging completely for a no-logs experience.
Meet your data residency requirements by choosing where your logs are stored — United States, European Union, United Kingdom or Switzerland.
With Tracker Insights, see who is tracking you, how much of your web traffic they are tracking, and more.
SETUP
Natively supported on all major platforms — it only takes a few seconds to set up.
Enjoy the privacy and security benefits of DNS-over-HTTPS and DNS-over-TLS — the modern and encrypted DNS protocols.
Cover all networks — at home, on cellular, at work and on public Wi-Fi.
Zero impact on your CPU, memory or battery life — it's all done at the DNS level, not on your device.
MORE FEATURES
Unlimited Configurations
Create as many different configurations as you want in your account — each with their own settings.
Custom Denylist/Allowlist
Manually block or allow an unlimited amount of domains.
Customizable Block Page
Customize the optional page that shows up when a domain is being blocked.
Rewrites
Set or override the DNS response for any domain.
DNSSEC
Automatically validate the authenticity of DNS answers.
Handshake
Try the experimental peer-to-peer root naming system.
ULTRA-LOW LATENCY NETWORK
SEL
6 ms
Embedded within carriers' networks in major metropolitan areas — minimizing hops and delivering unbeatably low latency at the edge.
100,000,000,000
queries each month
15,000,000,000
queries blocked each month
132
server locations
WHAT EXPERTS SAY
“I'm really impressed and I think it's something people should pay attention to. [...] I've put it on at home and on my phones and so far it works and it works imperceptibly and it absolutely will speed up your surfing.“
Leo Laporte
Chief TWiT and The Tech Guy
“NextDNS allows you to control and monitor your DNS queries. Think Pi-hole on the cloud. I'm impressed by the high quality of their work. I found it specially useful to learn of what services my phone talks to without me realizing.“
Vinicius Fortuna
Engineering Lead at Google's Jigsaw
“Began tinkering with NextDNS for my home network and phone.. basically cloud hosted Pi-Hole. Lets you block various known ad/malware/phishing domains [...] and more.. and there’s a mobile VPN app to use on LTE.“
Paul Stamatiou
Designer at Twitter
TRUSTED BY
“Firefox Announces New Partner in Delivering Private and Secure DNS Services to Users.”
Try it now
No signup required.
Sign up later to save your settings.
NextDNS Inc.
AS34939
FOUNDED BY
Romain Cointepas
Previously Head of Mobile & TV at Dailymotion
Olivier Poitrey
Director of Engineering at Netflix
Co-founder & former CTO at Dailymotion