Skip to main content

Nextcloud Special Event Winter 2026 is coming

Read more 
Products
Solutions
Resources
Partners
Community
About
Instant trial
Download
Contact
ENGLISH
Regain control
over your data
Remote collaboration made easy
On-premises or cloud
Customizable and scalable
No data leaks to third parties
Try Nextcloud now
Download
Trusted by thousands of organizations

The most popular open source content collaboration platform for tens of millions of users at thousands of organizations across the globe

See all case studies

Nextcloud Hub combines the key Nextcloud products Files, Talk, Groupware, Office, Assistant and Flow, into a single platform, optimizing the flow of collaboration.

Nextcloud Hub
Easy access anywhere Powerful access control Infrastructure integration Designed for humans
Nextcloud Files

Nextcloud Files offers a self-hosted file storage and sync platform with powerful collaboration capabilities with desktop, mobile and web interfaces

Learn more
Nextcloud Talk
Nextcloud Groupware
Nextcloud Office
Nextcloud Assistant
Nextcloud Flow
Play Hub video now

SOLUTIONS

Nextcloud use cases

Nextcloud is committed to provide self hosted open source cloud file storage technology that is a perfect fit for the privacy and security of your enterprise

Public sector
Governments are moving away from foreign cloud providers amid rising concerns about digital sovereignty and are opting for secure self hosted cloud file storage platforms.
See more
Enterprises
Amid a push to improve efficiency and facilitate remote work through online collaboration technology, enterprises counter a growing compliance, cost and data leak risk by strategic deployments of Nextcloud.
See more
Service providers
Leverage your infrastructure and keep your customers yours with easily scalable, fully branded cloud storage software and collaboration tools.
See more
Education
Education is a heavily regulated industry where protection of academic data and personal information of students with compliant file sync collaboration tools is a top priority.
See more
Get Nextcloud at home
Get in touch

Reduce risk, improve remote team communication and minimize operational expenses with the leading open source cloud file storage and content collaboration platform. Contact us now to learn how Nextcloud can help you!

Get a quote
Talk to us
Newsletter
Why Nextcloud?

With over 400.000 deployments, Nextcloud is the most popular on-premises content collaboration platform you can download. It scales from a Raspberry Pi with 2 users to globally distributed installations with tens of millions of users at major hosting providers. What makes it so popular?

Productivity

Enable productivity across any platform, whether in the office or on the road, to share, collaborate and communicate across organizational boundaries. Nextcloud provides transparent access to data on any storage.

Control

Protect, control and monitor data and communication across your company. Guarantee compliance with business and legal requirements. Keep your data on servers you own, at all times. Nothing leaks, not even metadata.

Community

Enjoy constant improvements from a thriving and transparent, entirely open-source community development model, free of lockins or paywalls. Enjoy the benefits of enterprise support when you need it.

Try Nextcloud now
See it in action

Nextcloud is designed to offer best in class productivity, and is developed at an impressive pace with new functionality becoming available every few months. We selected some videos to give you an idea of what we’re up to.

Learn more
Nextcloud Hub 25 Autumn
Watch the announcement of Nextcloud Hub 25 Autumn
Home office
Why Nextcloud is the perfect home office platform
Nextcloud events

Nextcloud welcomes you to in-person events, conferences and trade shows as well as webinars and online meetings.

See all events
Compliance Kit
See more
Auditing capabilities
See more
File Access Control
See more

HIPAA, GDPR AND MORE

Compliant by design

Nextcloud products are designed with compliance in mind, providing extensive data policy enforcement, encryption, user management and auditing capabilities.

More about compliance
Get in touch

Reduce risk, improve citizen communication and reduce
operational expenses with the leading content collaboration platform.
Contact us now to learn how Nextcloud can help you!

Get a quote
Talk to us
Newsletter
See how we stack up

Compare Nextcloud with other solutions and see why it is the market leader in open source cloud file storage and collaboration platforms.

Compare

Nextcloud offers a modern, on-premises content collaboration platform with real-time document editing, video chat & groupware on mobile, desktop and web.

Search:
About Nextcloud
About us
Jobs
Code of conduct
Privacy
Press
Legal note
Trademarks
Brand guidelines
Features
Human Rights Policy
Code of Ethics
Resources
Download
App Store
Admin manual
User manual
Security
Developer information
Code on GitHub
Compare with others
Search
Newsletter
Status
Interact
Support
Forums
Demo
Contact us
Bug Tracker
Cookies preferences

© 2016 - 2025 Nextcloud GmbH

We save some cookies to count visitors and make the site easier to use. This doesn't leave our server and isn't to track you personally! See our Privacy Policy for more information.
Customize
Accept all cookies Reject all