SALES 800.868.3694 CLIENT SUPPORT CLIENT LOGIN
Schedule a Demo
Specialties
 
Solutions
 
Resources
 
Company
 
Thrive On
Nextech's specialty-specific software solutions simplify the delivery of excellent patient care so your practice can thrive.
 

Schedule a Demo
Learn More

 
You only need one solution.
Nextech's cloud-based software solution is trusted by more than 16,000 medical practices.
We offer industry-leading software for the following specialties:

Dermatology

 

Med Spa

 

Ophthalmology

 

Orthopedics

 

Plastic Surgery

 
 
TIME SAVED PER PATIENT PROCESSING PAYMENTS

Read Case Study

 
SEE MORE PATIENTS PER DAY

Read Case Study

 
SPEND LESS TIME ON LEAD CONVERSION

Watch Video

 
Don’t Let Software Tasks Keep You From Spending Valuable Time With Patients

In order to run a successful and efficient practice, you need technology that doesn’t get in the way of your everyday routine. If your software is holding you back in the following ways, it’s time for a change:

A complicated, overwhelming interface that makes you less productive.
Tedious workflows that take away valuable time with patients.
Templated features not designed for your specialty.

Get started with streamlined, simple solutions today to take your business to the next level.

Stop stressing over your EHR & Practice Management

We understand what it’s like to feel abandoned without the support you need. Now, you can enjoy a life outside of work with the power of internal solutions that simplify your workday.

Simple, User-friendly Interface Eliminated Inefficiencies and Roadblocks
 
Comprehensive PM Solutions That Simplify Your Workday Routine
 
Customizable Features Designed for Your Practice & Specialty
WHAT YOUR PEERS ARE SAYING:
 
“Nextech has helped tremendously, it just makes sense for your specialty in regard to the order of the templates, workups and how everything is laid out.”

Erin Grisafe
McKnight Eye Centers, Practice Administrator

Read Case Study

 
“Nextech allows me to finish charting before the patient leaves the room. I get through the entire charting process, including coding and referral letters, in under two minutes with Nextech.”

Dr. David Salvay, MD, PhD
Salvay Vision

Read Case Study

 
“The information is accurate, converts quite easily, and the system is very user friendly for my entire team. Everything is right there on one page, and I like how visually appealing it is.”

Naomi Horton
Patient Resource Specialist

Read Case Study

  
 

At Nextech, We Help You Take Control of Your Practice.

The wrong EHR and Practice Management software can make you feel overwhelmed and defeated. You need to be able to rely on technology, not have it get in the way of your everyday routine. That’s why our customizable solutions and proven implementation process are designed to make sure you're ready to hit the ground running on day one and beyond.

Download eBook

 
Resources for Healthier Practices

Access the most up-to-date industry, regulatory, and practice optimization resources to run your business successfully.

EHR & Practice Management for Specialty Providers

Simplify the delivery of excellent patient care with software solutions designed for your specialty.

Schedule a Demo

4221 W Boy Scout Blvd
Suite 350
Tampa, FL 33607
866.654.4396

 
 
 
 
Specialties
Dermatology
Med Spa
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Plastic Surgery
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Revenue Cycle Management
How Nextech Helps You Thrive
Nextech for Enterprise
Advanced Analytics
TouchMD
Cloud-Based EHR
Tools
Resource Center
Blog
Press Releases
Industry News
Developers Portal
21st Century Cures Act
Client Resources
Client Support
Client Login
Company
About
Leadership
Upcoming Events
Connected Solutions
Careers
Contact

4221 W Boy Scout Blvd, Suite 200
Tampa, FL 33607
866.654.4396

© 2025 Nextech Systems, LLC | Privacy Policy | California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures