Cloud EHR & PM for Specialty Practices | NextGen Mirth Connect NextGen Office Login Toggle Clients Client Advocate Program Client Success Community Client Support Learning Center NextGen Office Login UGM 25 Search Schedule Demo Solutions Electronic Health Records (EHR) Practice Management Patient Experience Provider Experience Revenue Cycle Management Analytics and Insights Mirth / Interoperability Electronic Health Records (EHR) A trusted partner for ambulatory health—elevating performance and driving efficiency with AI & automation-enhanced solutions to maximize better healthcare outcomes for all. NextGen Enterprise (10+ Providers) Enhance quality care, optimize operations, and drive better financial outcomes with our fully integrated, award-winning platform. NextGen Office (Under 10 Providers) Enhance care quality, operations, and financial outcomes with our fully integrated, award-winning small practice solutions. View All EHR Solutions View all of our electronic health record solutions. AI & NextGen Mobile (EHR) Say goodbye to after-hours charting with the intuitive, cloud-based NextGen Mobile. Access to your practice and powerful AI documentation tools, all in the palm of your hand. NextGen Ambient Assist Streamline documentation, reduce administrative burden, receive recommendations, and enhance patient care with powerful AI. NextGen Mobile (EHR) An intuitive, user-friendly mobile experience helps you increase efficiency and access the EHR, anytime and from anywhere. View All Mobile EHR View all of our mobile electronic health record solutions. Practice Management Optimize your practice’s financial performance, operations, and efficiency with our award-winning Practice Management (PM) solution—designed to tackle today’s complex billing challenges. AI Rules Engine Ensure precise and accurate claims with AI-driven automation, streamlining workflows and optimizing your revenue cycle. Billing Increase collections and reduce days in A/R with integrated PM. Clearinghouse and EDI Experience an award-winning clearinghouse designed to streamline claims processing, reduce denials, and accelerate reimbursements. Coding and Operations Leverage intuitive workflows powered by advanced, performance-driving, technology to ensure billing accuracy and staff efficiency. Collections and AR Management Boost A/R efficiency and collections pre-service, during service, & post-service. Registration and Scheduling Utilize enterprise-wide configurability with automated eligibility and intelligent check-in workflows. View All of Practice Management View all of our practice management solutions. Patient Experience Patient Access Referral automation, self-scheduling, reputation management, and more—increase & improve access to your practice. Patient Intake Digital forms and discrete data integration—empower patients and staff with newly unlocked efficiency. Patient Visit AI documentation tools—spend less time documenting care and more time providing it with integrated AI solutions. Patient Care Coordination Data-driven insights and proactive care coordination—optimize chronic care management and population health. Patient Health Management Empowering patients with real-time access, seamless communication, and easy appointment management. Case Study: Transform the Patient Experience See how Valle Del Sol enhanced their NextGen Enterprise platform with a suite of intelligent Luma Health solutions to elevate patient care. View All Patient Experience Enhance the patient experience with easy-to-use solutions that improve clinical workflows, operations, outcomes, and patient communications. Provider Experience AI-powered provider solutions designed to enhance efficiency, accuracy, and patient care by supporting providers and alleviating the repetitive routine tasks behind providing care. Your AI Ally- Ambient Assist Streamline documentation, reduce administrative burden, receive recommendations, and enhance patient care with powerful AI. Intelligent Documentation Documentation your way with accurate and efficient charting automation. Virtual Visits Real-time video consultations and remote monitoring—enhancing care access, participation, and delivery. View All Provider Experience View all of our provider experience solutions. NextGen® Closed Loop™ Patient & Practice Experience An end-to-end solution that creates a seamless experience for patients, providers, and staff. Case Study: Ambient Assist in Action See how NextGen Ambient Assist has helped Christopher A. Cefalu, MD transform North Texas Urology Clinics' workflows and restore work-life balance. Revenue Cycle Management Unlock your practice’s full revenue potential with our industry-leading RCM solutions and services. Prevent denials, accelerate collections, reduce days in A/R, and enhance the patient experience with innovative technology and expert-level strategies. NextGen Enterprise (10+ Providers) Enterprise-level technological solutions paired with expert-level strategy. NextGen Office (Under 10 providers) Integrated automation and revenue cycle management designed for small-practices. Case Study: NextGen Revenue Cycle Management in Action See how NextGen RCM services have helped Eye Specialty Group withstand consolidators in the industry. Brochure: Making Healthcare Better EMPOWERING YOU, To deliver high-quality, cost-effective, convenient care—today and tomorrow. Analytics and Insights NextGen Data Platform Real-time data, predictive insights, and performance tracking enable your practice to optimize revenue and streamline workflows. NextGen Intelligence Surfaces the clinical, operational, and financial signals your staff need to prioritize work and improve outcomes, fast. Population Health Aggregated, multi-source data and an easy-to-navigate visual display to help you meet the challenges of value-based care. Regulatory Reporting Comprehensive regulatory reporting solutions to help you stay compliant, avoid penalties, and optimize reimbursements. Brochure: NextGen Data Platform Overview Learn More Mirth® Data Platform Mirth® Connect Integration Engine From integration to innovation, connect systems with ease using HL7. Mirth® Fully Managed Fully managed and cloud-native interoperability integration platform. Mirth® Partner Program Partner with us in our mission for successful interoperability. Mirth® Health Data Hub Robust data platform for exchanging and aggregating community data. Mirth® Connect Training Learn the skills needed to expertly run Mirth Connect. More Interoperability API Vendor Program Innovation and integration with our API Vendor Program. Interfaces NextGen Enterprise supported data exchange interfaces. API Marketplace Marketplace for third-party applications that use proprietary APIs. NextGen® Share Robust interfaces expand access to insights and data exchange. NextGen® Share Diagnostic Hub Easily access over 725 labs through just one service. Services Services Care Management Support Services Streamline operations, enhance patient care, and ensure the efficient utilization of EHR. Consulting Consulting services to meet your practice's unique health IT needs. Credentialing Services We specialize in credentialing services for independent physician practices. Managed Cloud Hosting Elevate your practice's health IT with managed cloud services. Managed Services Streamline operations, enhance patient care, and ensure the efficient utilization of EHR. Professional Services To help ensure your success so you can provide the best care possible. Training Access expert training on your EMR and other NextGen Healthcare solutions. View All NextGen's Available Services Choose from a variety of service and support options to make it easier for your practice to get the most out of technology. Put the Breaks on Burnout Whether it be chronic care management, remote patient care, behavioral health integration, or you simply want to provide the most expansive care possible. Specialties Specialties NextGen Healthcare offers integrated health IT solutions and specialty-specific content designed to meet the clinical and financial goals of your practice. Behavioral Health Cardiology FQHC Gastroenterology Internal Medicine Multi-specialty Neurology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Podiatry Primary Care Pulmonology Rheumatology Urology View All Our 40+ Specialty Markets EHR solutions for every specialty—including yours. View All Specialties Medical Billing Companies Keep your costs down and your team efficient with a cloud-based medical billing system. Company Company NextGen Healthcare provides customized solutions to fit the exact needs of ambulatory practices. Our solutions empower patients to take control of their health. About Us Awards Careers Client Advocates Corporate Responsibility Events Leadership Partners Security Newsroom Learn how NextGen Healthcare continues to revolutionize the healthcare industry and work with medical practices to deliver better outcomes for all. Blog In the News Podcasts Press Releases NextGen UGM 25: Where Innovation Meets Impact Get ready for a reimagined experience that brings together cutting-edge solutions, collaborative learning, and unforgettable moments. Resources Resources Blogs Brochures Case Studies E-Books Health IT 101 Events On-demand Webinars Public API Documentation Podcasts Videos White Papers View All API Marketplace Find third-party vendors that offer applications that use APIs to easily enable valuable integrations. Success Community Success community, solution support, documentation, educational resources, and training. Contact Contact Contact Us How can we help you achieve better healthcare outcomes for all? Book a Meeting Our sales team is ready to answer any of your questions. Live Chat Skip the line and talk with one of our sales team members now. Request a Demo Ready to see how it works? Pick a date and time that works for you. Client Support Session Keys are issued by your NextGen team member. Careers How can we help you achieve better healthcare outcomes for all? Partners Our corporate partners and channel resellers help deliver solutions. UGM 25 Schedule Demo Solutions Electronic Health Records (EHR) NextGen Enterprise (10+ Providers) NextGen Office (Under 10 Providers) View All EHR Solutions AI & NextGen Mobile (EHR) NextGen Ambient Assist NextGen Mobile (EHR) View All Mobile EHR Practice Management AI Rules Engine Billing Clearinghouse and EDI Coding and Operations Collections and AR Management Registration and Scheduling View All of Practice Management Patient Experience Patient Access Patient Intake Patient Visit Patient Care Coordination Patient Health Management Provider Experience Your AI Ally- Ambient Assist Intelligent Documentation Virtual Visits View All Provider Experience Revenue Cycle Management NextGen Enterprise (10+ Providers) NextGen Office (Under 10 providers) Analytics and Insights NextGen Data Platform NextGen Intelligence Population Health Regulatory Reporting Mirth® Data Platform Mirth® Connect Integration Engine Mirth® Fully Managed Mirth® Partner Program Mirth® Health Data Hub Mirth® Connect Training More Interoperability API Vendor Program Interfaces API Marketplace NextGen® Share NextGen® Share Diagnostic Hub Services Care Management Support Services Consulting Credentialing Services Managed Cloud Hosting Managed Services Professional Services Training View All Services Specialties Behavioral Health Cardiology FQHC Gastroenterology Internal Medicine Multi-specialty Neurology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Podiatry Primary Care Pulmonology Rheumatology Urology View All Company About Us Awards Careers Client Advocates Corporate Responsibility Events Leadership Partners Security Newsroom Blog In the News Podcasts Press Releases Resources Blogs Brochures Case Studies E-Books Health IT 101 Events On-demand Webinars Public API Documentation Podcasts Videos White Papers View All Contact Contact Us Book a Meeting Live Chat Request a Demo Client Support Careers Partners UGM 25 Your Practice. Our Purpose.™ Intelligent EHR, PM, Patient Experience, and RCMS turn complexity into clarity. With Al-powered workflows and real-time patient engagement, practices can perform their best—today and tomorrow. Schedule Meeting Chat With Sales AI-Enhanced Documentation Is Here Bring the joy back to your day with a new documentation workflow designed to end after-hours charting for good. Watch Now Close SOLUTION The New UI is No UI™ Providers shouldn’t be tied to the keyboard. We’re using AI to improve doctor-patient connections to make healthcare better for both. On a smartphone, NextGen® Ambient Assist automatically transforms doctor-patient conversations into structured SOAP notes—saving providers up to 2.5 hours per day—and with AI suggestions for ICD-10 coding, medications, lab orders, and configurable charge capture workflow. All with a simple finger tap. See It In Action Meet the NextGen® Intelligent Agent NextGen Healthcare’s Intelligent Orchestrator Agent The NextGen Intelligent Agent is an always-on, adaptive layer that transforms how providers and staff interact with the EHR by using voice and text commands to direct tasks to specialized AI agents. These agents handle everything from checking schedules and patient charts to managing revenue cycles and patient engagement—giving users hands-free access to insights anytime. NextGen® Closed Loop™ Patient & Practice Experience Better healthcare outcomes for the patient, the provider, and the practice is the ultimate goal. Throughout the journey from access to intake, to the visit, to care coordination, and ongoing health management, we provide innovations for healthier communities. Access / Discovery Online visibility and reputation management Self-scheduling IVR, chat bot, call deflection Appointment reminders Recall Automated wait-list Watch Client Testimonial Intake / Pre-visit Secure text messaging Pre-appointment Intake Digital document and information upload Cost and payment transparency Broadcast messaging Interoperability with payers, HIEs & state reporting Watch Client Testimonial Visit / Live and Virtual Customizable EHR/PM workflows Ambient listening (AI-generated SOAP notes) Virtual visits Direct-to-desktop Mobile ePrescribing Watch Client Testimonial Care Coordination / Post-visit Automated messaging Patient surveys Referrals Medication refill Population health analytics/care coordination Revenue cycle management Watch Client Testimonial Health Management / Ongoing Remote patient monitoring Automated e-statements and electronic bill pay options Patient portal (payments, education, results, etc.) Watch Client Testimonial Revenue Integrity NextGen ® Closed Loop ™ Patient & Practice Experience Access Intake Visit Care Management eBook The 7 Levers of Efficiency for Stronger Practice Performance In today’s healthcare landscape, the most successful organizations understand it’s not about working harder, it’s about working smarter. Explore the 7 Levers of Efficiency and discover how organizations across specialties are leveraging NextGen Healthcare solutions to optimize their operations and drive measurable results. Learn More Specialties Solutions for every specialty Your specialty. Your way. With the flexibility and configurability to create workflows you need, NextGen Healthcare delivers an integrated EHR system stocked with specialty-specific content designed to meet the clinical and operational goals of your practice. See all specialties Ambulatory Surgical Center Behavioral Health Cardiology Community Health (CHC/FQHC) Internal Medicine Multi-specialty Ophthalmology Optometry Orthopedics Pediatrics Physical Therapy Podiatry Urgent Care Primary Care NextGen Office Small practices An all-in-one solution to run your practice so you can focus on care. Practice the way you want with an award-winning, cloud-based EHR that includes a practice management platform and a patient portal. Learn more NextGen Enterprise Mid-size to enterprise practices A powerhouse EHR solution that’s scalable and adaptable to suit your specialty, workflow, and preferences. With robust specialty-specific clinical content, best-in-class practice management, advanced analytics, RCM, Clearinghouse, patient engagement, and mobile documentation, we’ve got you covered. Learn more Experience the benefits of one system, one partner An EHR system that works seamlessly across the entire organization—EHR, practice management (PM), interoperability, patient self-scheduling, virtual visits, check-in, examination, documentation, check-out, billing, etc. is ideal. Clinical templates for 26 specialties Designed with all the productivity tools and reporting capabilities providers need, we have pre-built clinical content for 26 specialties to help you achieve better outcomes. Plus, you can configure the templates to your heart’s delight. A virtual front door People expect an excellent digital experience to connect with your practice. Our solutions make it easy for your patients to communicate with your practice, schedule appointments, access their medical records, complete forms, and pay their bills. Care for your community Manage the care of your community with a powerful population health solution. Our user-friendly population health solutions sync with your EHR, provide risk stratification of your patient population, help identify gaps in care, and support patient outreach. A Mobile EHR With a mobile extension of your practice, you give providers an easier way to work, from anywhere. The access enabled by a mobile EHR means you can treat patients anywhere—and all documentation flows into the patient chart automatically. The right data now Securely exchange health information and connect disparate systems across a patient’s entire spectrum of care, easily. Better interoperability is defined by capabilities that boost speed, security, cost-effectiveness, and compliance. Get the data you need when and where you need it. Secure hosting with AWS Focus on patient care, not IT management. Scalable, cloud-based hosting services can help reduce the burden of health IT maintenance, speed implementations, simplify upgrades, and cut technology costs. Amazon Web Services (AWS) offer world-class security capabilities and system performance. People are loving NextGen Healthcare Hear what our clients have to say about us Close “NextGen Healthcare was the only comprehensive solution to provide unmatched provider and patient experience through configurability, flexibility, and scalability while addressing the needs of a growing organization like ours with multiple lines of service.” Carl Coyle, MSW Chief Executive Officer Liberty Resources “NextGen Healthcare was the only company that offered a single database, enterprise-ready musculoskeletal solution that could address the needs of our multi-discipline orthopedic organization. We were also impressed with the company’s solid and successful history of providing revenue cycle management services to musculoskeletal organizations." Norm Belair Chief Financial Officer Spectrum Healthcare Partners Our clients are making healthcare better Everything we do is with our clients in mind. Our solutions are driven by our clients’ input, designed with their needs at the center. Every decision we make is to help our clients become more successful, to improve their clinical and financial outcomes, and to strengthen the health of their communities. We are grateful for our clients every day, in every corner of this company. Previous Next Previous Next We needed a solution that offers meaningful insights to support and sustain our growth. An added benefit of this fluid functionality and connectivity is that it streamlines processes for our staff and provides a better work/life balance for our doctors. Lois J. Bookhardt-Murray, MD CMO Morris Heights Health Center Related Content Learn more about NextGen Healthcare solutions Close Previous Interactive NextGen Enterprise EHR Explore Here Video The Better Patient and Provider Journey Watch White paper Top Trends in HIT Adoption and Optimization Read Now E-Book 10 Steps to Find the EHR That's Right for You Download Now Next Previous Next The results speak for themselves Our solutions have garnered many accolades, but we’re most proud of improving the lives of patients and providers. We continue to develop innovations that help make healthcare better for everyone. View all our awards Previous Next Previous Next Ready to upgrade your practice? Make the switch to NextGen Healthcare Schedule Custom Demo Toggle Solutions Solutions Electronic Health Records Provider Experience Telehealth Practice Management Patient Experience Value-Based Care Data Platforms Interoperability Marketplace Public API Documentation API Developer Program Toggle Services Services Managed Cloud Services Professional Services Consulting RCM Services Medical Billing Services Training Mirth Connect Training Documentation Management Toggle Company Company Awards Careers Corporate Social Responsibility Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Leadership Newsroom ©1974-2025 NXGN Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility Certifications & Cost Disclosures EHRA developer code of conduct Privacy Policy Legal notices NextGen Healthcare supports rigorous industry and regulatory standards so that our clients can successfully participate in various quality reporting and incentive programs. Please fill out the form Close Email Address First Name Last Name Company Country Select a Country United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.s. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State Select a State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Practice Specialty Select a Specialty Anesthesiology Asthma & Allergy Audiology / ENT / Otolaryngology Behavioral Health / Mental Health Billing Service Cardiology / Pulmonology Chiropractic Corrections Dental Dermatology Endocrinology / Nephrology FQHC / CHC / Tribal / Public Health Gastrointestinal Hospice / Palliative / Home Health Hospital / Health System Multi-Specialty Neurology / Neurosurgery OB/GYN - Women's Health Occupational Medicine Oncology / Hematolgy Ophthalmology / Optometry / Retina Orthopedics / Sports Medicine PACE Pain Management Pediatrics Physical Therapy Planned Parenthood Podiatry Primary Care / Internal Med / Family Med Rheumatology Surgery / Plastic Surgery / ASC Urgent Care Other Number of Providers Submit By submitting this request you agree to the processing of your personal data by NextGen Healthcare as described in the Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Thank you for your interest. Please download your content below. If you have further inquiries, please reach out and let us know how we can help. At NextGen Healthcare, we are committed to delivering better healthcare outcomes for all. Download We're submitting your information, thank you for your patience. ⚠ We apologize, but something has gone wrong. Please try again later. Close