Nexters your next adv e nture is here Nexters is an international game development company which strives to introduce the joy of core gaming experiences to casual
            players on mobile and desktop. Thanks to our hit games like Hero Wars , Island Hoppers , and others, we’ve reached over 220 million installs worldwide, built a team of 700+ inspired game developers, and become one of the top five independent mobile game companies in Europe. Learn more Nexters is an international game development company which strives to introduce the joy of core gaming experiences to casual
                players on mobile and desktop. Thanks to our hit games like Hero Wars , Island Hoppers , and others, we’ve reached over 220 million installs worldwide, built a team of 700+ inspired game developers, and become one of the top five independent mobile game companies in Europe. Learn more Our Valu e s Hero W a rs Multiplayer Fantasy RPG Blockbuster! Learn more Island Hopp e rs Mystery, drama and breathtaking beauty! Learn more Recent Ne w s Business 27.10.2023 Nexters happy
                    to announce the global release of Island Hoppers game Nexters happy to announce the global release of Island Hoppers game (formerly known as Island Questaway) following the
                      successful completion of its soft launch. Life 26.06.2023 Nexters
                    releases Q4 2022 and whole 2002 financial and operational results Nexters releases Q4 2022 and whole 2002 financial and operational results Business 22.06.2023 Nexters Inc. evolves into gaming and entertainment holding company, GDEV Inc. Nexters Inc. evolves into gaming and entertainment holding company, GDEV Inc. More News Limassol 55 Georgiou Griva Digeni, Limassol, 3101, Cyprus Nexters owns a number of companies internationally, with remote and in-house teams located in Cyprus and
                other locations
                across the globe. Learn more about the Nexters companies General Questions info@nexters.com Care & Support support@nexters.zendesk.com Press press@nexters.com Business bd@nexters.com part of Terms of Service · Privacy policy · Open Source Software · Parent’s Guide ©2025 Nexters Global Limited. Registered at 107 Faneromenis Avenue, Larnaca, 6031,
                        Cyprus When you browse this page of the Website, we collect cookies that are required for Service functioning and
            providing the
            Services. Cookies policy .