Nexus | The Layer 1 for Verifiable Finance Developers About Connect to Nexus Developers About Connect to Nexus Developers About Connect to Nexus The Layer 1 for Verifiable Finance Help power the blockchain purpose-built for intelligent markets and high-performance financial applications. Earn Rewards NEW: Nexus DEX Alpha Network ERC20 tokens deployed 4.443 M active nodes 60.15 K Active Cities 1120 supercomputer power (ops/s) 269.9 M In Partnership With in partnership with Nexus DEX Alpha With a native orderbook, deep liquidity, and lightning-fast execution, the Nexus DEX Alpha will deliver both trading power and user control. Trade perpetual futures with up to 50x leverage, securely and seamlessly. Get Early Access DEX Developer Docs The DEX Layer 1 The DEX Layer 1 The DEX Layer 1 Nexus is developing a new type of blockchain: a DEX Layer 1, purpose-built for high-frequency financial applications and designed to give users around the world access to a new era of verifiable finance. Layer 1 Docs zkVM 3.0 Specification An Enshrined Exchange An Enshrined Exchange The Nexus DEX Alpha is the universal financial engine at the core of our Layer 1 and includes a verifiable CLOB that unifies trading, settlement, and liquidity across markets. The Nexus DEX Alpha is the universal financial engine at the core of our Layer 1 and includes a verifiable CLOB that unifies trading, settlement, and liquidity across markets. Dual Core Architecture Dual Core Architecture The Execution Layer is comprised of a parallel dual-core architecture, and features both general-purpose and special-purpose financial state machines in one environment. The Execution Layer is comprised of a parallel dual-core architecture, and features both general-purpose and special-purpose financial state machines in one environment. Optimized for Performance Optimized for Performance Every node runs the Nexus zkVM 3.0 to provide infrastructure that is verifiable and low latency by design. Validation speed scales proportionally to compute power, enabling a new generation of financial applications. Every node runs the Nexus zkVM 3.0 to provide infrastructure that is verifiable and low latency by design. Validation speed scales proportionally to compute power, enabling a new generation of financial applications. Join Testnet and Earn Rewards (01) Contribute your idle compute to the Nexus Layer 1 (03) Earn NEX Testnet Points as a record of your early participation (02) Connect in one click from any device (04) Run nodes for more proving power What's New Introducing the Nexus DEX Alpha Crypto exchanges weren’t built for traders — they were built for volume. For too long, users have had to choose between speed and security, usability and decentralization, flexibility and control. The Nexus Roadmap When Nexus launched in 2024, it was introduced as a universal verifiable machine — a cryptographic system for proving anything, anywhere. That vision hasn’t changed. But its shape has evolved. Nexus Milestones: A Look Back In the span of just a few years, Nexus has evolved from an ambitious prototype to a globally recognized effort to transform how computation works at its core. Gridcrews: Choose Your Path Node Running started as individual contribution. You secured Glyphs. You completed quests. You built reputation. Partner With Us Partner With Us If you’re part of the next wave of AI, financial, or blockchain innovation, we invite you to help shape the infrastructure that will empower autonomous systems to operate with integrity and purpose. Let's Work Together PARTNERS All Partners zkVM Layer 1 AI Web2 DeFi Compute Load More All Partners zkVM Layer 1 AI Web2 DeFi Compute Load More All Partners zkVM Layer 1 AI Web2 DeFi Compute Disclaimer: Information related to ecosystem partners and solutions not developed, controlled, or tested by Nexus is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Nexus assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, security, accuracy, or use of third-party offerings. For more information on each project or company, please contact the company or developer. investors Join Us Nexus is building the foundation for the AI economy — where agents, applications, and markets run with cryptographic trust at planetary scale. Join the Discord Open Roles Developers Docs Github Whitepaper Specification About Open Roles Discord Blog Videos Media X Privacy Policy Terms of Use Join Us Nexus is building the foundation for the AI economy — where agents, applications, and markets run with cryptographic trust at planetary scale. Join the Discord Open Roles Developers Docs Github Whitepaper Specification About Open Roles Discord Blog Videos Media X Privacy Policy Terms of Use Join Us Nexus is building the foundation for the AI economy — where agents, applications, and markets run with cryptographic trust at planetary scale. Join the Discord Open Roles Developers Docs Github Whitepaper Specification About Open Roles Discord Blog Videos Media X Privacy Policy Terms of Use