Seamless programmatic server-side connections | Nexx360 Skip to content Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact Login to the console Book a meeting Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact Login to the console Book a meeting Home Benefits • Yield • Web-performance • Transparency • Control • Agility • Carbon footprint Environments News Clients Contact Home Benefits • Yield • Web-performance • Transparency • Control • Agility • Carbon footprint Environments News Clients Contact Book a meeting Shape your success through seamless connections Shape your success through seamless connections Nexx360 enables inventory owners to exchange with their demand partners in a cloud-based auction house Book a meeting Watch testimonial 0 % SATISFIED CLIENTS Our value proposition A specialised solution to embrace the transformation your business needs! Connect to all your partners without limits, efficiently and effortlessly. Build powerful, result-driven collaborations with full control, flexibility and clarity. Manage your omnichannel inventory from one place Handle all your partners in a central and no-code environment enhanced with cutting-edge AI and advanced features. Make the most our of your AdStack Turn complexity into opportunity. Optimize your AdStack to unlock more revenue, while keeping the user experience smooth and uninterrupted. Regain control and visibility Rely on a fully independent player outside the value chain, ensuring total transparency and putting you back in control. Explore the solution’s benefits Challenges you face Pain points we solve Digital advertising can be complex, but with Nexx360, publishers can stay ahead and tackle challenges like revenue loss, omnichannel management, latency, dependency, and more. Yield Performance Transparency Control Agility Carbon footprint Yield Aren’t you limiting your revenue potential by restricting the number of partners and not technically enhancing collaboration with existing ones? Unlock more revenue Performance Isn’t the accumulation of partners to ensure continuous revenue growth slowing down your page loading times? Improve site speed Transparency Do you really have a detailed view of the bidstream, and do you know where personal data is going? See the full picture Control Aren’t you losing grasp over your inventory and further diminishing your position in the value chain by outsourcing? Reclaim your stack Agility Isn’t it hard to maintain competitive advantages due to technical complexities, lack of personnel, and a constantly changing ecosystem? Increase flexibility Carbon footprint Aren’t you struggling to find concrete solutions to meet emerging regulations and user expectations without affecting your revenue? Embrace sustainability meet us Connect with us Book a meeting Ask us anything Nom Nom Email Company Company type Company type... Publisher Ad Network AdTech SSP DSP AdServer Trading Desk Agency Advertiser Press Other Message By checking this box, I authorize Nexx360 to use my e-mail address for commercial and marketing purposes. I will be able to unsubscribe by contacting Nexx360 directly or by clicking on the appropriate link in each email. By checking this box, I authorize Nexx360 to use my e-mail address for commercial and marketing purposes. I will be able to unsubscribe by contacting Nexx360 directly or by clicking on the appropriate link in each email. Send Our competitive edge What sets us apart Omnichannel Overcome technical differences and effortlessly manage all your channels from a single and unified system. Customisable Turn your uniqueness into a strength by requesting custom features and dashboards tailored to your needs. Neutral Enjoy clear visibility of the bidstream by collaborating with a fully independent player that sits outside the value chain. Sovereign Gain control and security with a platform built around privacy, letting you in-house operations and minimize dependencies. Responsive support Rely on an expert team committed to supporting you quickly and improving the platform to meet your needs. Performance-based model Generate incremental revenue at no cost. Every day you are not using Nexx360, you are leaving money on the table. Keep in touch Stay tuned Subscribe to our newsletter Follow us on Linkedin Watch us on Youtube Any question ? Stay up to date Discover our latest news Sever-side A programmatic infrastructure built to solve the key operational and strategic challenges of multiple functions within digital media organizations Sever-side What is server-side? Support The trusted third party to support the programmatic evolution of online content publishers Read more Q&A Top questions frequently asked Do you have established partnerships with monetization partners? Nexx360 is not a demand partner. We have no inventories and no monetization contracts with third parties. Nexx360 simply provides access to a SaaS platform that enables customers to exchange and connect with other partners easily and very effectively. This allows us to never have any conflicts of interest. Is Nexx360 compatible with the AdStack / partners I currently work with? Nexx360 is compatible with all AdStacks and can collaborate with any AdServer or monetization partner that is server-side compatible (the vast majority). How do I implement Nexx360? Implementation is quick and straightforward. Once the paperwork is completed and you’ve selected from various setup options, you will gain access to your account. From there, simply define your site and placements , select the partners you have contracts with, and you’re all set! Shape your success through seamless connections Book a meeting SITEMAP Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact Home Benefits Environments News Clients Contact BENEFITS Yield Web Performance Transparency Control Agility Carbon footprint Yield Web Performance Transparency Control Agility Carbon footprint Yield Web Performance Transparency Control Agility Carbon footprint Yield Web Performance Transparency Control Agility Carbon footprint Privacy policy Legal notice Cookie Policy Privacy policy Legal notice Cookie Policy Gérer le consentement Pour offrir les meilleures expériences, nous utilisons des technologies telles que les cookies pour stocker et/ou accéder aux informations des appareils. Le fait de consentir à ces technologies nous permettra de traiter des données telles que le comportement de navigation ou les ID uniques sur ce site. Le fait de ne pas consentir ou de retirer son consentement peut avoir un effet négatif sur certaines caractéristiques et fonctions. Fonctionnel Fonctionnel Always active L’accès ou le stockage technique est strictement nécessaire dans la finalité d’intérêt légitime de permettre l’utilisation d’un service spécifique explicitement demandé par l’abonné ou l’utilisateur, ou dans le seul but d’effectuer la transmission d’une communication sur un réseau de communications électroniques. Préférences Préférences L’accès ou le stockage technique est nécessaire dans la finalité d’intérêt légitime de stocker des préférences qui ne sont pas demandées par l’abonné ou l’internaute. Statistiques Statistiques Le stockage ou l’accès technique qui est utilisé exclusivement à des fins statistiques. Le stockage ou l’accès technique qui est utilisé exclusivement dans des finalités statistiques anonymes. En l’absence d’une assignation à comparaître, d’une conformité volontaire de la part de votre fournisseur d’accès à internet ou d’enregistrements supplémentaires provenant d’une tierce partie, les informations stockées ou extraites à cette seule fin ne peuvent généralement pas être utilisées pour vous identifier. Marketing Marketing L’accès ou le stockage technique est nécessaire pour créer des profils d’internautes afin d’envoyer des publicités, ou pour suivre l’utilisateur sur un site web ou sur plusieurs sites web ayant des finalités marketing similaires. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accepter Refuser Voir les préférences Enregistrer les préférences Voir les préférences {title} {title} {title} Gérer le consentement Subscribe to our newsletter First name last name company E-mail By checking this box, I authorize Nexx360 to use my e-mail address for commercial and marketing purposes. I will be able to unsubscribe by contacting Nexx360 directly or by clicking on the appropriate link in each email. Subscribe