Gérer le consentement
Pour offrir les meilleures expériences, nous utilisons des technologies telles que les cookies pour stocker et/ou accéder aux informations des appareils. Le fait de consentir à ces technologies nous permettra de traiter des données telles que le comportement de navigation ou les ID uniques sur ce site. Le fait de ne pas consentir ou de retirer son consentement peut avoir un effet négatif sur certaines caractéristiques et fonctions.
Accepter
Refuser
Voir les préférences
Politique de cookies
Privacy policy
Skip to content
Home
Benefits
Environments
News
Clients
Contact
Book a meeting
Shape your success through
seamless connections

Nexx360 enables inventory owners to exchange with their demand partners in a cloud-based auction house

Book a meeting
Watch testimonial
A specialised solution
to embrace the transformation
your business needs!

Connect to all your partners without limits, efficiently and effortlessly.
Build powerful, result-driven collaborations with full control, flexibility and clarity.

Manage your omnichannel inventory from one place

Handle all your partners in a central and no-code environment enhanced with cutting-edge AI and advanced features.

Make the most our of your AdStack

Turn complexity into opportunity. Optimize your AdStack to unlock more revenue, while keeping the user experience smooth and uninterrupted.

Regain control and visibility

Rely on a fully independent player outside the value chain, ensuring total transparency and putting you back in control.

Explore the solution’s benefits
Pain points we solve

Digital advertising can be complex, but with Nexx360, publishers can stay ahead and tackle challenges like revenue loss, omnichannel management, latency, dependency, and more.

Yield
Performance
Transparency
Control
Agility
Carbon footprint
Yield

Aren’t you limiting your revenue potential by restricting the number of partners and not technically enhancing collaboration with existing ones?

Unlock more revenue
Connect with us
Book a meeting
Click to accept marketing cookies and enable this content
Ask us anything
Nom
Nom
Email
Company
Company type
Company type...
Publisher
Ad Network
AdTech
SSP
DSP
AdServer
Trading Desk
Agency
Advertiser
Press
Other
Message
By checking this box, I authorize Nexx360 to use my e-mail address for commercial and marketing purposes. I will be able to unsubscribe by contacting Nexx360 directly or by clicking on the appropriate link in each email.
 By checking this box, I authorize Nexx360 to use my e-mail address for commercial and marketing purposes. I will be able to unsubscribe by contacting Nexx360 directly or by clicking on the appropriate link in each email.
Send
OUR COMPETITIVE EDGE
What sets us apart
KEEP IN TOUCH
Stay tuned
Subscribe to our newsletter
Follow us on Linkedin
Watch us on Youtube
Any question ?
Discover our latest news
Sever-side
A programmatic infrastructure built to solve the key operational and strategic challenges of multiple functions within digital media organizations
Sever-side
What is server-side?
Support
The trusted third party to support the programmatic evolution of online content publishers
Read more
Top questions
 frequently asked

Do you have established partnerships with monetization partners?

Nexx360 is not a demand partner. We have no inventories and no monetization contracts with third parties. Nexx360 simply provides access to a SaaS platform that enables customers to exchange and connect with other partners easily and very effectively. This allows us to never have any conflicts of interest. 

 
Is Nexx360 compatible with the AdStack / partners I currently work with?
How do I implement Nexx360?

Shape your success through seamless connections

Book a meeting
SITEMAP
Home
Benefits
Environments
News
Clients
Contact
BENEFITS
Yield
Web Performance
Transparency
Control
Agility
Carbon footprint
Privacy policy
Legal notice
Cookie Policy