By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.

Decline
Accept
Skip to Content
Our customers
Pricing
Partners
Case studies
Start for free
Bring your Instagram feed to your Shopify storefront with ease
Built for Shopify
Showcase Instagram content, shoppable videos, UGC, and social proof in an on-brand feed.
Get started for free
Trusted by world-class Shopify brands

300K+

Stores use our app

1,200+

App store reviews

4.9/5.0

Average rating
Powerful ecommerce widget for UGC, video, and social proof

Built for scale, made for every brand.

Embed Instagram widget to show Instagram and video feeds

Showcase your Instagram and video content beautifully on your Shopify store to build social proof and drive sales.

Get started
Learn more
Display UGC and creator content effectively on your Shopify store

Social proof that drives action - showcase creator and Instagram content to build trust and increase conversions. 

Get started
Learn more
Built for performance. Designed for you.

Simple setup, zero slowdown, and stellar support.

No impact on store speed
Easy to use: no coding required!
Expert support, anytime
Loved by Shopify merchants

“Easy setup, big impact. Highly recommend! It's boosted my social proof and made my products more relatable.”

— Athleisure Avenue (United States)

“Makes clients trust your store more.”

— ZAWADIBORA (United States)

“Absolutely stellar customer service - and the feed does not slow performance of your website! It's fantastic- and the developers are incredibly responsive and skilled. I'm very grateful to the Mintt team. Thank you!”

— Cheeky Seats Scooter Seat Covers (United States)

“Been using this app for nearly 5 years. Customer service fast, efficient and friendly! Thank you!”

— Foundd Legal (Australia)

"Clean, simple to use app. Team was quick to respond and adapt to my needs."

— Nimblii (Germany)

“Top notch support and a really slick looking app that adds to any website seamlessly.”

— The Sustainable Watch Company (United Kingdom)

Questions
How do I add an Instagram feed to my Shopify store?
What is Mintt Studio and how does it work?
How much does Mintt Studio cost?
Will Mintt Studio slow down my Shopify store?
How do Instagram feeds improve social proof on my website?
Can I see examples of Instagram feeds on Shopify stores?
Looking for a TikTok widget for social proof?

Try our Juniper - TikTok Feed Shopify app for free.

Discover our TikTok app
Partners

Seamless integrations and powerful solutions for your store.

Learn more
Get started today for free

Power your Shopify store with social proof.

Get started

Shopify apps

Mintt Studio

Mintt Studio - Instagram Feed

Juniper - TikTok Feed

About 

Our customers

Pricing

Contact 

Integrations

Resources

Partners

Shop app

Help Center

Case studies

Video tutorials

Terms of Service   |    Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2025 Mintt Studio