Skip to main content
Skip to site navigation
In observance of the holiday season and to allow our NFPA community time to celebrate with family and friends, our offices are closed from December 25 through January 1, 2026. We wish you a safe and enjoyable holiday season and look forward to partnering with you in the new year.
Dismiss
NFPA
Search...
Submit search
EN
Toggle user menu
Not logged in
Toggle user menu
(0)
0 items in cart

The site navigation utilizes keyboard functionality using the arrow keys, enter, escape, and spacebar commands. Arrow keys can navigate between previous/next items and also move down into a nested menu. Enter will open a nested menu and escape will close the current menu. Spacebar will open the current menu.

About NFPA
For Professionals
Education and Research
News and Articles
Membership
Events
Current slide:
1
/
3
Click to skip slider carousel
SEASONAL FIRE SAFETY
Deck the Halls (Safely)
Festive celebrations, flickering lights and winter greens are hallmarks of the holiday season, but they also present fire risks that can quickly turn this festive time of year into a devastating one. NFPA works to educate the public about potential fire risks during the holidays, offering tip sheets, videos, and other resources to help everyone safely enjoy the season.
Learn More
Deck the Halls (Safely)
FREE WEBINAR
Safety Challenges in Warehouses
This webinar on Tuesday, January 13, will highlight ongoing changes in storage and distribution within warehouse facilities and the challenges that they present to fire protection systems. New and emerging trends will be addressed, as well as the purpose and function of fire alarm and sprinkler systems; the inspection, testing, and maintenance (ITM) of these systems; and incorporating emergency action plans.
Register Now
Safety Challenges in Warehouses
IN THE NEWS
Ecosystem Breakdown
The recent and historically deadly high-rise fire in Hong Kong provides an opportunity to understand how tragedies like this should be viewed more holistically through the lens of the NFPA Fire & Life Safety Ecosystem.
Read More
Ecosystem Breakdown
Displaying slide 1 of 3
End of slider carousel
Navigate to NFPA Fire & Life Safety Ecosystem
NFPA Fire & Life Safety Ecosystem
The NFPA Fire & Life Safety Ecosystem™ is a framework that identifies the components that must work together to minimize risk and help prevent loss, injuries, and death from fire, electrical, and other hazards.
Learn More
Navigate to Our Trusted Knowledge Base at Your Fingertips
Our Trusted Knowledge Base at Your Fingertips
NFPA LiNK® is an innovative digital platform that provides instant access to over 1,500 NFPA codes and standards—including legacy titles going back five editions and select Spanish publications—from any device. You’ll also get exclusive expert commentary, visual aids, microlearning videos, and more!
Explore Our Catalog
Get More from NFPA
Become a member to join a global network of like-minded professionals, gain access to NFPA technical experts, save 10% on almost everything, and so much more!
Learn More About Membership
It’s a Big World. Let’s Protect It Together.
CODES & STANDARDS
TRAINING
CERTIFICATIONS
CODES & STANDARDS
We help make the world a safer place through knowledge. That knowledge is recognized, respected, and valued throughout the world in the form of our codes and standards. These documents are developed by hundreds of global experts to ensure everyone is working within the same framework and promoting a higher standard of safety everywhere.
View Codes & Standards
TRAINING
The world is constantly changing, and to keep your career moving forward, you need to change, too. Advance your knowledge with online or live virtual training to stay on top of today’s emerging technologies and best practices.
Explore Training Options
CERTIFICATIONS
The fastest way to career advancement is through NFPA certifications. Choose from several credentials that showcase your advanced competence and take the next step on your professional journey by gaining certification.
Find Certifications
Displaying slide 1 of 3
A Call to Protect the System of Safety
A Call to Protect the System of Safety
From the general public, to those in related industries and trades, to the policymakers at every level, there is an enormous gap in the understanding of codes and standards–what they are, who develops them, and why they are essential. Learn more in a new campaign, which explains that safety doesn't happen by chance. 
Learn More
Resources Relevant to Your Work
As the world’s leading knowledge and information organization, we’re here to help you make sense of new legislation, emerging technologies, and innovations in safety. Below, you’ll find news, research, and resources that impact you and your important work.
Home Fire Safety
Electrical Safety
NFPA Research
Emergency Response
Customer Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Submit a Question
Order Status
Payment Policy
Products & Solutions
Publications
Training
Corporate Sales
NFPA LiNK®
Quick Links
Codes and Standards
NFPA Fire & Life Safety Ecosystem™
NFPA Journal®
Jobs at NFPA
Connect with NFPA
© 2025 National Fire Protection Association® (NFPA®)
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility