Secure your NFT collections Products Pricing Support us Blog Launch app Secure your NFT collections Easily back up your digital assets with our cost-effective solution. Experience verifiable, long-term storage for offchain data powered by smart contracts and supported by an onchain endowment—aiming to ensure security, transparency, and peace of mind. Get started Read docs Trusted by over 165,000 users and these top companies Long-term storage and transparency for NFTs Ensure your NFTs remain secure and accessible with verifiable, decentralized storage and trust-building tools like the NFT Storage Checker. Built for long-term NFT preservation Aiming to ensure the longevity of your NFTs with decentralized storage powered by Filecoin. Your data is verifiably stored, backed by smart contracts aimed to keep your digital assets secure and accessible for the long haul. Affordable and transparent For a small one-time fee, preserve your NFT’s offchain data in decentralized, verifiable storage. Our onchain endowment ensures ultimate transparency and reliability, aiming to protect your assets’ value. Getting started is easy Affordable, lasting protection for your NFTs in 3 simple steps Get started Upload your data to IPFS Upload your NFT data to IPFS, where it's content addressed and made available in hot storage. Mint your NFTs Mint your NFTs on your preferred blockchain and minting platform. Secure your data Send us your NFT data—CIDs, blockchain, contract address, and token IDs. Need help? Submit a ticket and we'll be in touch Learn more Why your NFTs are at risk If off-chain storage solutions—like centralized servers or IPFS pinning—fail, the linked media and metadata can become inaccessible. Centralized servers can go offline, while IPFS, though decentralized, sometimes needs active maintenance and financial support for the files to remain pinned. 90% of NFTs in 2022 relied on private servers and IPFS (1) 1/3 of all NFTs went dead in 2023 (2) 1.14 years is the average lifespan of an NFT in 2023 (2) Supporters Join our mission to preserve NFTs through community support, strategic partnerships, and generous donations, proudly supported by a network of industry leaders committed to safeguarding digital assets. Support us today Join 1300+ supporters 136.1M Uploads and growing 704 TB Data stored by NFT.Storage in total Start protecting your NFTs NFT.Storage strives to ensure every NFT stored today remains accessible tomorrow. Get started Developers Docs Pricing Status Resources Litepaper FAQs Company About Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact us © 2205 PL Filecoin Impact Fund LLC All rights reserved. Site designed by Halaska Studio.