National Governors Association Home Governors Governors NGA Leadership Past Chairs Former Governors First Spouses Council of Governors Gubernatorial Elections Governors’ Office Functions Governors’ Powers & Authority Governors’ Social Media Accounts NGA Center NGA Center for Best Practices Program Areas Children and Families Energy & Environment Health Homeland Security & Cybersecurity Infrastructure K-12 Education Land Management, Agriculture and Housing Postsecondary Education Public Safety and Legal Counsels Workforce Development & Economic Policy Projects Publications Meetings & Webinars Government Relations Government Relations Homepage Advocacy Communications NGA Committees, Task Forces & Council of Governors NGA Leadership News Membership About NGA Issue Library NGA Meetings NGA Partners Staff Directory Careers at NGA State Government Careers Contact Home Governors Governors NGA Leadership Past Chairs Former Governors First Spouses Council of Governors Gubernatorial Elections Governors’ Office Functions Governors’ Powers & Authority Governors’ Social Media Accounts NGA Center NGA Center for Best Practices Program Areas Children and Families Energy & Environment Health Homeland Security & Cybersecurity Infrastructure K-12 Education Land Management, Agriculture and Housing Postsecondary Education Public Safety and Legal Counsels Workforce Development & Economic Policy Projects Publications Meetings & Webinars Government Relations Government Relations Homepage Advocacy Communications NGA Committees, Task Forces & Council of Governors NGA Leadership News Membership About NGA Issue Library NGA Meetings NGA Partners Staff Directory Careers at NGA State Government Careers Contact Chair “As leaders, we need to ensure there are more opportunities for the next generation of founders to unlock innovation.” Governor Kevin Stitt Governor3 “We have invested nearly $2.3 billion to support adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities – including increasing the hourly wages for Direct Support Professionals.” Governor Phil Murphy Governor2 “We have developed an updated state water plan that provides a long-term strategy for maintaining water supplies for the next 50 years.” Governor Henry McMaster Governor 1 “To our small business owners, our hoteliers, our restaurateurs, our shopkeepers and our taxi drivers, I want to say thank you. Your hospitality is good for our economy, but it is also a reflection of who we are as Virgin Islanders.” Governor Albert Bryan Jr. Governor4 “With the advent of permanent remote work and the buildout of broadband infrastructure throughout the State, all Alaskans, urban and rural, have the ability to access high-paying, technology-driven careers from within their home communities.” Governor Mike Dunleavy Co-Chair “We’re putting more powerful tools and resources into the hands of entrepreneurs and small business owners, building more pathways to work, wages, and wealth for themselves and their communities.” Governor Wes Moore The Latest Governors Prioritize Public Safety and Homeland Security Governors’ Health Priorities in 2025 Governors’ Workforce Development Efforts in 2025 Governors Applaud Congressional Action on Drone Threats Governor Stitt Holds Entrepreneur Roundtable NGA Sends Letter to Congress on National Guard Authority News | Commentary | Advocacy 2026 State of the State Addresses LEADING BIPARTISAN SOLUTIONS The United States of America is a remarkable tapestry woven from the diverse threads of unique states and territories, each contributing to the rich and intricate fabric of our collective identity. States and territories are where innovative ideas and policies are born, and successful policies become beacons of inspiration, demonstrating the power of local solutions to national challenges. America’s Governors are the architects of these policies and the custodians of our diverse and vibrant culture. Founded in 1908, the National Governors Association (NGA) is the voice of the nation’s Governors and a leading forum for bipartisan policy solutions. Through NGA convenings, programs and task forces, Governors work together across party lines to confront common challenges and shape federal policy. NGA advances bipartisan dialogue, fosters policy innovation, facilitates information-sharing, advocates bipartisan policy priorities, conducts research and data development, and provides technical assistance in support of the leaders of the nation’s 55 states, territories and commonwealths. Meet the Governors Reigniting the American Dream Reigniting the American Dream is more than an initiative. It’s an invitation for every U.S. governor to: Step out of partisan corners and into a shared vision Examine the obstacles and confront the challenges that limit individual and collective opportunity Leverage our resources and relationships (domestic & global) to learn, compare and innovate Move beyond rhetoric and develop transformative practices and policies Clear a path for millions more Americans to dream — and achieve Together, we can reignite the American Dream. Learn More Center for Best Practices Teams from the Center for Best Practices work with state policy leaders and other experts in fostering information sharing between states to research, develop and implement innovative solutions to public policy challenges. The only research and development firm that directly serves the nation’s Governors, the Center facilitates multi-state pilot programs, convenes subject-matter experts and hosts policy development forums across 14 program areas. A Home for Every Child – Administration for Children and Families Child Welfare Spotlight Energy Security Training Building Strong State-Philanthropic Partnerships: Legal Insights and Engagement Strategies The Governor’s Clemency Authority: An Overview of State Pardon and Commutation Processes Mapping the Early Childhood Education Ecosystem 2025 Health and Human Services Policy Advisors Institute Program Areas Children and Families Cybersecurity Energy Environment Health Homeland Security Infrastructure K-12 Education Land Management, Agriculture, Wildlife, and Rural Communities Postsecondary Education Public Safety and Legal Counsels Workforce Development & Economic Policy Member Services NGA’s membership team provides resources and assistance to Governors, Governors’ Spouses and their staff from election day through the final year in office. Through a variety of programs, NGA brings together senior staff to share innovative approaches to managing their offices, while NGA’s library of publications offers detailed analyses on topics from Governor’s office operation models to state government leadership practices. Learn More Government Affairs The Office of Government Relations works to ensure that Governors’ views are represented in shaping federal policy. Serving as policy experts and liaisons to Congress and executive branch agencies, NGA provides legislative analysis, tracks grant opportunities and shares guidance on implementation of federal policies – working closely with Governors, state-federal contacts and other state and local government organizations to coordinate state advocacy and action. Learn More Policy Task Forces Education, Workforce and Community Investment Task Force Economic Development and Revitalization Task Force Public Health and Emergency Management Task Force Council Of Governors Connect With NGA 444 N. Capitol St. NW, Ste. 267 Washington, D.C. 20001 (202) 624-5300 info@nga.org For press inquiries please email: communications@nga.org Keep up to Date Facebook Flickr Instagram Threads Twitter YouTube We state solutions © 2026 NGA. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies for functionality and helping our team understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Please see our privacy policy for more information. OK Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Please see our privacy policy for more information. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Changes