One gateway for every AI model. Available in early access *now* @ ngrok.ai →
Platform
Use cases
Blog
Resources
Docs
Pricing
Get ngrok
Log in
Sign up
Putting your APIs online shouldn't be hard.
So we made it easy. ngrok is the flexible API gateway for instant, secure connectivity anywhere—public or private. Ditch the infrastructure headaches and enjoy building software again.

Get started for free
Read the docs
Available now: One gateway for every AI model.
Route, secure, and manage traffic to any LLM—cloud or local—with one unified platform.
Register for early access
ngrok isn’t just for development.

Thousands rely on it daily to instantly serve critical applications and APIs across clouds, on-prem, and customer or partner networks—without the headache of complex infrastructure.

Sign up for free
Site-to-site connectivity
Never ask customers to open ports on the firewall. Access apps and APIs securely in your customers’ environments without site-to-site VPNs, VPC peering or other complex networking.
Learn more
API Gateway
Go from code to global in just minutes with a developer-friendly, idiomatic solution for managing traffic to your APIs.
Learn more
Device Gateway
Standardize connectivity across your fleet of IoT devices running in external networks. No need to struggle with custom protocols.
Learn more
Kubernetes Operator
Simplify ingress with the Kubernetes Operator, using Ingress Controller or Gateway API, by offloading traffic management and security to ngrok’s global network.
Learn more
Global Load Balancer
Ensure high performance and availability by routing traffic to the nearest Point of Presence (PoP) with preconfigured global load balancer.
Learn more
Identity-Aware Proxy
Protect your applications and APIs from unauthorized access without writing extra code.
Learn more
Development made easy

Bring secure connectivity to apps and APIs in localhost and dev/test environments with just one command or function call.

Sign up for free
Webhook Testing
Get a secure public URL for your local web server, then trigger webhooks. Inspect the traffic to your server and replay webhook requests to iterate quickly while staying in context.
Learn more
Developer Preview
Demo a website or an app running on your local machine to a client or stakeholder instantly and securely, without deploying to a staging environment.
Learn more
Pay only for what you use

Ditch high upfront costs and pay only for active endpoints and successful API calls. Scale your costs in line with your API traffic growth.

Get started for free
How it works
ngrok operates a global network where it accepts traffic to your upstream services from clients.

Clients connect to your endpoints (URLs). You configure policies such as authentication or transformation. Unlike traditional proxies, ngrok doesn't rely on IP forwarding. Instead, you run a lightweight agent that connects securely to ngrok's network. Traffic flows through this secure connection to your service.

With ngrok, we get comprehensive security with a full scope of functionality for all of our use cases.
Ihor Leshko,
Director of Engineering at
Databricks
Industry leaders rely on ngrok
Read customer stories
Trusted and secure platform with massive scale
Working with ngrok means working with a vetted, secure solution.
View security practices
Over
7 million
devs use ngrok
Over 80%
of Cloud 100
companies use ngrok
Over
100 trillion
total requests served
Over 1600
AI innovators
deliver AI/ML apps with ngrok
38,000+

companies trust ngrok
Why ngrok?
Built for developers.

Unlock the power of SaaS. Built to deliver applications and APIs with  zero networking configuration and zero hardware. Run your apps anywhere  and bring them online in just one line.

Networking shouldn’t feel like a boss fight.
No more ports, IPs, DNS, or firewall configurations. Just URLs and identities.
Learn more
Online in one line
One command, you're online. Seriously, try for yourself.
Learn more

‍

Auth, rate limits, redirects—ugh.
Had to do this once—hated it. Doing it for every API? No thanks. We built Traffic Policy so stuff like this take minutes, not days.
Learn more
Instant observability.
View live traffic happening on your APIs in real-time the second it goes online.
Learn more
CLI not your vibe? Use our SDKs.
Python, Rust, Go, Java, and JavaScript SDKs that you can use to embed ngrok directly into your app or API
Learn more
The ngrok platform
Zero Trust

Add SSO, Mutual TLS,  IP Policy, and webhook signature verification.

Any protocol

Native support for HTTP, TLS, and any TCP based protocol.

Observability

Log all traffic and account activity.

Global Network

Deliver fast and reliable services powered by our Points of Presence.

Load balancing

Route traffic to multiple backends for scale and fault tolerance.

Authorization

Protect services with OAuth, SAML and OIDC.

Instant domains

Use a ngrok domain with no setup or bring your own domain.

Encryption

Automatic certificates and an A+ SSL report card with no config.

Get started for free
Developer Roundtable: Gateway API

In this episode of our Developer Roundtable series, we highlight our updated ngrok Kubernetes Operator that now supports the Kubernetes Gateway API spec.

Watch the webinar
The latest from the ngrok blog
Sync secrets from external sources to ngrok with Kubernetes External Secrets
How Rinsed builds data pipelines in car washes: the lessons learned
How Vijil built a trust layer for my first AI agent
API gateway shapes: back then, now, and beyond
ngrok-operator v0.20.0: Go SDK v2 and edges removal
Secrets for Traffic Policy now in Open Beta
Get the latest updates on ngrok products and features
View the blog
Platform
Product
Cloud Edge
Secure Tunnels
Platform Features
Use Cases
ngrok for development
ngrok for production
API Gateway
Site-to-Site Connectivity
Kubernetes Operator
Device Gateway
Global Load Balancer
Identity-Aware Proxy
Webhook Testing
Developer Preview
View all use cases
Resources
Security
Trust
Platform
Customers
Integrations
Blog
Support
Abuse
Get Started
Download
Pricing
Docs
Contact
Partners
Service status
Company
About
Newsletter
Events
Press
Brand
Careers
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
DPA
©
2025
ngrok, Inc.