 NIC.AC - The Official .AC Domain Registry and Network Information Centre Welcome Sign In Create Account Forgot your username or password? You are securely logged in Manage Account Log Out My Cart Checkout Total price includes addons. Changes can be made during checkout. Proceed To Checkout nic.ac home domain names purchase domain whois search services support support center legal terms & conditions allocation rules policies Find your name Please accept the Privacy Notice before proceeding. .ac Search Searching... connect with .AC domain names Get your .ac domain name and connect! We've been delivering service to the global .AC community for over 12 years. it's ac ademic Students and instructors can use a personal .ac domain to keep in touch during and after college and a permanent email address. Lifetime connections, simplified. .AC names are simple and easy-to-remember and work just like a .com, .org, or .co.uk email and web address. Domain Names ending in .ac are quick and easy to register and you can use your domain immediately. Get yours now—there are many attractive, high-value .ac domain names still available to register! Note: It is advisable that academic institutions register in other TLDs. benefits of .AC TLD Real-time domain name registration Fast, reliable, and secure technical infrastructure Experienced customer service technicians Become Connected anyone, anywhere can register Dot AC Anyone, anywhere can register. Registrations are accepted quickly and efficiently. get your .AC website Fast access to your domain from anywhere in the world. .ac domains are issued on a first come, first served basis. Obtain your own .ac domain today! sitemap | contact Registrar services powered by Name.com 414 14th Street #200 Denver, Colorado 80202 Copyright © 1997-2021 Internet Computer Bureau Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Greytown House, 221-227 High Street, Orpington, BR6 0NZ, United Kingdom VAT Number GB311515842 This website uses cookies. Some of the cookies used are essential for parts of the site to operate. Please see our privacy statement for more details. Click to accept. I Accept Our privacy policies have recently changed. Please see our privacy statement for more details. Click to accept. I Accept Adding To Cart OK