.CAM Registry - .CAM Domains names information Home why a .cam ? Live sites Whois Registrars Resources Blog Contact Your .CAM domain for sports Choose a .CAM domain for photography Your .CAM domain for social networks Special .CAM domain for your events Your .CAM domain for gaming Use a .CAM domain for travels Construction .CAM Leader for jobsite supervision 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Now register .CAM domain for your project ! Is .CAM for you ? In today's crowded Internet a .CAM domain name will establish your branding segmentation. With a .CAM domain name your venture has instant identity and will stand out from the crowd. Your domain name should mean something. Using a .CAM domain name gives meaning. .CAM domain names are open to all people and businesses that want better visibility in search engines and in consumer top-of the-mind branding. .CAM domain names can be used for any special purpose that you can think of. Like video presentation menu links, personal uses in social media and also for home use – you name it – .CAM can work for you. Be Special, Be a .CAM ! Now registering .CAM domain names for your projects at many Registrars ( see below ). General avaibility (GA) December 14, 2016 (10:00:00 UTC) First arrived, first served Trademark Claims Period December 07 2016 to March 07 2017 Domain Life Cycle Add Grace period : 5 days AutoRenew Grace Period : 45 days Redemption Grace Period : 30 days Pending delete Period : 5 days dot Cam Team - April 2017 - Celebrating the development of the my.cam project ! Online pioneer website Davos.CAM The well known Switzerland ski resort Davos Klosters has just started using Davos.CAM domain, making it the first .CAM domain being live, helping them to better promote their ski slopes live webcams and generally their live webcams streams. Some live sites with .CAM domain name Whois : search informations about a .CAM domain Go to whois.nic.cam Registrars for .CAM domain You can find below a list of registrars that can provide .cam domains. Resources for .CAM domain Policy documents Privacy Policy Anti-Abuse Policy IDN Language Table CentralNIC IDN Language Table IANA Registrar Technical Information CAM GDPR Integration Useful links CAM IDN Table (zip file) ICANN Registry Agreement DNSSEC Practice Statement CAM Connecting SARL administers the operation of .cam and is the primary contact for any inquiry relating to .cam domains. If you wish to report any activities taking place on a .cam domain which could be considered to be abuse, such as phishing activities, copyright infringement or similar,
			which may constitute a breach of our policies you can contact the Abuse Department by email abuse@nic.cam or alternatively
			by post to CAM Connecting SARL at the address appearing on this page. The primary contact for any enquiry is General Enquiries that you can reach at info@nic.cam , while the primary contact for any abuse reports is the Abuse Department that you can reach at abuse@nic.cam . Registry contact information CAM Connecting SARL 3 ruelle de la Fonderie 98000 Monaco MC Principaute de Monaco MC Phone : +31 104 054 473 or +377 06 07 93 60 32 If you have any questions about our .cam policy registration, please contact our 24/7 online support. Online Support 24/7 Email General Enquiries: info@nic.cam Abuse Department: abuse@nic.cam Billing Department: billing@nic.cam Please be aware that by utilising regular mail for any reason will be subject to delivery times. We advise the use of emails to one of the above addresses. Or use the form below Name Society Email Your message Are you an human ? Answer to 9
						+1 Send Thanks for your message Your message has been sent. Our team will get back to you as soon as possible. .CAM Team - Cam Connecting CAM Connecting SARL - Monaco -2025