Official .ST Domain name registry - ST Registry Open Menu Domains Register domain(s) Bulk domains search Transfer domain to us Bulk domains transfer WHOIS Lookup Domain pricing Premium domains Services SSL Certificates Domain validation certificares Business validation certificates Multi-domain certificates Extended validation certificates Compare all certificates Cloud servers Domain parking Whois privacy Registrars Becoming ST Registrar Media Knowledge base About Contact us About Sao Tome Support Knowledge base Terms of service Our news Login Sign Up Domains Register domain(s) Quickly search and register single domain name Bulk domains search new Search and register domains in bulk Transfer domain to us Initiate domain transfer using Auth/EPP Code Bulk domains transfer new Initiate domains transfer in bulk WHOIS Lookup Look up for domain public information from WHOIS directory Domain pricing Check out our domains pricing Premium domains List of available short premium domains available for registration Services SSL Certificates new Protect your customers sensitive data Domain validation certificares Issued within 2-3 minutes. Low trust level. No paperwork Business validation certificates Issued within 1-3 days. Advanced trust level Multi-domain certificates Secure up to 250 domains with one SSL Certificates Extended validation certificates Issued within 3-10 days. Highest trust level Compare all certificates Compare all available certificates by most attributes Cloud servers new Setup cloud server in just a minutes Domain parking Free domain parking for DNS management and setting up E-Mail and Web forwarding rules Whois privacy Protect your domain contacts information with WHOIS Privacy service Registrars Becoming ST Registrar Accreditation methods for new coming ST Registrars Media ST Registry graphical materials Knowledge base Technical information for Accredited ST Registrars About Contact us About Sao Tome Support Knowledge base Terms of service Our news View Cart Login Sign Up .ST [, true ]
Primary: Secondary: Domain name registration Find your perfect domain name .ST Start a bulk search Whats included Features with every domain Domain transfer Transfer domain to us SSL Certificate Secure your website Cloud VPS Virtual server Included with all ST Domains Register a domain name with ST Registry for a fully featured experience Domain names Secure your domains with top level Registry Apply any changes immediately without delays One of the best prices on market Domain transfer Transfer in bulk within one order No transfer fee Let us to handle any possible issues during transfer process Domain parking Based on cPanel hosting system Full Free of charge DNS management Unlimited web forwards Unlimited E-Mail forwards Free with every domain Renewal reminders Never lose your domain Clearly communicated via email Easily managed through our customers panel Support We’re always on hand to help you Support is available through email and our helpdesk Comprehensive FAQ for our self-support WHOIS Privacy Hide your sensitive information from WHOIS directories with our WHOIS Privacy service Domain names Secure your domains with top level Registry Apply any changes immediately without delays One of the best prices on market Domain transfer Transfer in bulk within one order No transfer fee Let us to handle any possible issues during transfer process Domain parking Based on cPanel hosting system Full Free of charge DNS management Unlimited web forwards Unlimited E-Mail forwards Free with every domain Renewal reminders Never lose your domain Clearly communicated via email Easily managed through our customers panel Support We’re always on hand to help you Support is available through email and our helpdesk Comprehensive FAQ for our self-support WHOIS Privacy Hide your sensitive information from WHOIS directories with our WHOIS Privacy service Have a questions? Contact our support to get assistance OPEN TICKET Frequently Asked Questions What is domain name and why do I need it? Domain name is web alternative to IP address which is used to identify your server or website. In other words it is string of easy to remember and easy to spell word(s) which identify your server or website and will hide IP address that most people aren't interested in seeing or using. What is domain registration? Domain name registration is act of reserving a name (read domain name) on the internet for certain period of time, usually this is from 1 to 10 years. Domain remain your as long as you renew it which prolongate expiration date. Domain expiration date is a date when domain become inactive (also called as expires) and available for public registration. How long will take domain registration? Since ST Domain Registry operates on a first come, first served basis - we proceed with domain registration immediately once order is placed and paid so domain name become reserved by a customer without any delay. Updates to root zone which propagate domain name servers settings takes no more than couple of minutes once domain registration has been completed. What happens when domain name expires? Once domain expire - it will become inactive and enter renew grace period. Inactive domains removed from root zone and will not resolve into IP but still will be reserved by domain registrant. Renew grace period means that domain name has expired but current domain registrant is still able to renew it without any additional fee and restore full control over it. Domain is kept in renew grace period for 40 days and will enter redemption period after that. Please refer to our knowledge base for more information about domain life cycle. What is Domain Name System (DNS)? The Domain name system (DNS) is a system that translate your friendly domain name into IP address. This is not a server or software but more massive network of servers that comprises largest digital database in a world. Each server in this network is called name server (NS). In the beginning, before world wide web, computers would connect to each other via IP addresses, which are more like strings of segmented numbers separated by dots. DNS attach your domain name to IP address so that your website visitors can easily remember and come back later on to the web addresses they have visited earlier. As an example 5.150.255.234 is IP address for ST Registry WHOIS Server and domain whois.nic.st refer to this IP address. What is name servers (NS)? Name servers (definition for NS) are servers that has DNS software installed on it which makes it a part of world wide web DNS system. This server is designated for managing domain name zones where each zone identify where origin name or its sub-domains should refer to. During domain registration process you are required to define name servers which is requirement from Domain Name Registry to propagate it on root NS. To be able to apply zone settings from DNS zone management service provider you should define service provider name servers for corresponding domain name. Latest News Nov 23rd Biggest price cut in 2018 Largest price cut during main sales event in 2018. Promotion will be finished November 27 23:59 UTC.Domain registrationDuring campaign period we reduce significantly prices for new domain registration:-70% for 1st domain registration year-70% for premium domain registration feeDiscount applied automatically.Additionally we reduced pricing other ... read more Apr 5th Domain registration and transfer in bulk With new website release we are introducting possibility to perform domain registration and transfer in bulk as well as for domains renewal.This was most demanded feature by our customers so we hope this will improve user experience for our customers significaly. Bulk domain reigstration and transfer is limited to 20 domains in on request. There ... read more Apr 5th SSL Certificates ST Registry now deliver SSL certificates to our customers.During previous years we had a lot of requests from our customers about SSL certificates, they was not in our plans for a long time since our main target as TOP Level Registry is to provide domain management services for both our retail customers and resellers, but, since such requests was ... read more Domain Register Domain Bulk Domain Search Transfer Domain Bulk domain transfer WHOIS Support Contact us About Sao Tome Terms of service Knowledge base Open ticket Services Domain parking Whois privacy Cloud servers SSL Certificates All Rights Reserved. © 2025 ST Registry All Rights Reserved. © 2025 ST Registry