.Homes Domain Names | The .Homes Registry Menu Registrars WHOIS Contact Your idea lives here ™ Register Now at XYZ.Homes Innovation lives here™ .Homes is an affordable domain name that helps you to build and fully control your online presence. It gives members of the real estate industry the chance to get short, valuable names on a domain that attracts attention. Choose a name that makes it easy for home buyers, sellers, and owners to find and remember your website on a domain you can call home. POWERED BY Domain Registrars Carry .Homes domains now Promote your home related services with .Homes domain names Use www.YourBusiness.Homes to promote property listings on the domain name made for home browsing and buying. Attract new clients by displaying your new builds and renovations at www.YourCompany.Homes . Shorten the length of your domain to www.YourBrand.Homes and make it easy for your customers to navigate to your website. Claim www.YourCity.Homes to establish your website as the leading residential real estate website in your location. Promote your home-related services online with a keyword rich www.YourServices.Homes domain name. Professionally communicate with potential buyers via a YourName@YourBusiness.Homes email address. The domain for all members of the home industry Promote property listings and communicate with buyers via an online presence you fully control . Establish your website as the leading real estate or home service with a domain that attracts attention . Increase brand recall with a short, valuable domain name that exactly matches your business name . Help homebuyers find your services online by promoting your home services with a domain that matches what they’re searching for . Share your home building and decorating designs with a domain that establishes your area of expertise . Get our Registrar Newsletter Stay up to date on .Homes & XYZ Registry news for domain registrars. Email Address Subscribe By submitting this form, you give your consent to Nic.Homes to process and use the data you submit to help you with your request(s) or improve our services. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . Not a Domain Registrar? Get updates about .Homes via email! xyz.xyz gen.xyz Privacy Policy Terms of Use Registry Policies Sitemap Home Registrars WHOIS Contact Copyright 2025. All rights reserved. POWERED BY