NiCE: AI Customer Service Automation Solutions Login Status Support Partners Pricing Careers EN Languages English Deutsch Français 日本 简体中文 العربية 한국 Español × Platform CXone Mpower The enterprise AI platform for orchestrating human and AI Agents to automate service, augment work, and accelerate intelligent experiences at scale. Learn more Platform Overview Complete AI platform for customer service automation Purpose-built AI for CX Powering smarter CX with AI-driven insights and automation. Cloud Architecture Innovative cloud-native foundation to rapidly scale extraordinary CX Voice as a Service (VaaS) Crystal-clear, scalable voice interactions for effortless interactions Dashboards & Reporting Gain a full operational picture of your contact center, with enhanced visualization of real-time and historical insights Integrations Seamlessly connect your business systems with our platform Trust & Compliance Securing your trust with every interaction Discover the full value of AI in customer service Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation. Calculate your savings Products Explore all Products Capabilities AI Experience Automation Experience Automation AI that resolves customer needs instantly and proactively Learn more AI Agents for your Business Go beyond answering questions to fully automate customer intent through fulfillment with Agentic AI. Experience Optimization (XO) Synthesize real customer conversations to identify your top automation opportunities. Proactive AI Agent Keep customers engaged in conversation from onboarding to installation, service, and retention. Knowledge Management Activate AI-powered enterprise knowledge to increase self-resolution rates and loyalty. AI Workflow Orchestration Workflow Orchestration AI-driven orchestration that streamlines service journeys across the enterprise Learn more AI Omnichannel Routing Reduce wait times and boost conversions with smart customer-agent matching. Proactive Engagement Generate more revenue, minimize hang-ups, and proactively connect to reduce friction. Workflow Orchestrator Unify and optimize every customer service workflow from intent to fulfillment. Agent Desktop Workspace Connect front and back office teams with data, conversations, and workflows together in one place. AI Workforce Augmentation Workforce Augmentation Real-time AI assistance that makes every employee faster and smarter Learn more Specialized AI Copilots Elevate human performance with specialized AI copilots for every role. Workforce Engagement Management Elevate employees, adapt to flexible work, and meet expectations - without compromise. Automated Summary Instantly summarize interactions to accelerate resolution times and efficiency. Voice of the Customer Unlock customer insights to enhance experiences, drive loyalty, and boost business growth. Interaction Analytics Gain AI-powered insights from 100% of interactions to drive continuous improvement. Solutions By Business Initiative By Business Initiative Grow Revenue Boost conversions and win rates to accelerate growth Engage & Empower Employees Create a workplace of truly engaged employees Boost Customer Loyalty Improve customer loyalty on interactions across the journey Drive Digital Transformation Integrate digital technology at the center of CX Small and Medium Business Drive growth and boost revenue with smarter, cost-effective customer service built for SMBs. Call Center Software Empower agents to provide better experiences Increase Operational Efficiency Leverage AI and automation to increase agent retention Move to the Cloud Elevate experiences by moving operations to the cloud Improve Compliance Protect your consumers with pre-built compliance solutions Proactive Customer Engagement Elevate customer satisfaction with proactive conversational AI Integrations & Custom Solutions Integrations & Custom Solutions CXexchange Marketplace Discover partner solutions to extend capabilities on our platform Pre-Built Integrations Seamlessly connect your business systems with our platform Developer Tools & APIs Endless customization options with RESTful APIs and robust SDKs Partner Ecosystem Embark on a journey of shared success and collaboration Make the smartest buying decision with the latest Gartner analysis NiCE has been named a Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader for Contact Center as a Service for the 11th consecutive year and is positioned furthest on Completeness of Vision. Get report View All Products Industries By Industry Industry focused solutions built to elevate experiences in the moments that matter most. View all BPO Business Process Outsourcers Financial Services Customer experiences that count Government Elevate citizen trust Healthcare Healthy patient experiences View all Industries Insurance Secure policyholder experiences Retail Delight customers where they shop Telecom CX for Telecommunications Travel & Hospitality Boost traveler and guest loyalty Discover the full value of AI in customer service Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation. Calculate your savings Services Explore all Services Professional Services Professional Services Industry-leading expertise, tools and know-how Implementation Partners NICE-certified implementation partners Business Consulting Your partner for successful transformation Tools Contact Center Training Tailored education delivered by CX experts AI Value Calculator Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation. Support & Assistance Customer Support Global support you can depend on Make the smartest buying decision with the latest Gartner analysis NiCE has been named a Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader for Contact Center as a Service for the 11th consecutive year and is positioned furthest on Completeness of Vision. Get report Resources Knowledge Base All Resources Whitepapers, datasheets, demos and more Analyst Perspectives Contact center reports from third party analysis Terms Glossary Detailed descriptions of industry-related terms FAQs Contact center focused frequently asked questions Guides Expert insights for superior CX Learning & Insights On-Demand Webinars Browse our extensive webinar catalog Interactive Product Tours Explore the complete platform with our self-guided demos Blog CX industry guidance by contact center experts Why NiCE? Video Series Step Inside The Room Where It Happened to see CX AI in action Community Events Upcoming events and webinars Customer Stories Our customer's success is paramount. Read case studies about real CX transformation NiCE Clubs Collaborate, learn, and share best practices for customer service excellence Discover the full value of AI in customer service Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation. Calculate your savings Company Company About Us Powering seamless cloud experiences Investors Investors relations, reports and filings Global Offices Interactive map of locations worldwide Careers View job openings and learn about our culture NiCE Leadership Meet our global leadership and executive team News & Media Events Upcoming events and webinars Press Releases Find the latest updates from NiCE Media Center Media contacts and resources Corporate Governance NiCE Trust Center Securing your trust with every interaction Market Leadership Discover why NiCE is the market leader Corporate Responsibility In a world where you can be anything, be NiCE Meet NiCE Cognigy Together, CXone Mpower and Cognigy AI enable organizations to accelerate AI adoption and scale it seamlessly across every customer experience. See what’s possible EN Languages English Deutsch Français 日本 简体中文 العربية 한국 Español Get Started Login Status Support Partners Pricing Careers One AI platform to transform customer experience at scale ​

Smarter AI. Better experiences. One platform. NiCE powers every interaction,
helping enterprises deliver consistent, scalable, and meaningful CX at every
point of engagement. Watch demo Explore the platform Two Leaders. One platform. At NiCE, we’re setting the standard for AI-first customer experience. June 8-10, 2026 Orlando, FL Join us for the ultimate CX experience The world’s best brands trust NiCE to power 15B+ interactions a year How to turn AI innovation into​ business acceleration​ Discover how NiCE Cognigy empowers enterprises to automate workflows, orchestrate journeys, and elevate every customer interaction through intelligent, connected AI agents.​ The enterprise AI platform built to elevate customer experience​ NiCE accelerates your CX transformation, giving you the AI-ready data foundation to automate AI-first experiences at enterprise scale.​ Agentic AI agents​ Accelerate AI adoption and scale it seamlessly across every customer experience.​ Learn more Scale in the cloud Run customer service on one smart, secure platform built to scale and simplify as you grow. Learn more Seamless integrations Get connected fast with pre-built integrations, open APIs, and simple tools that keep your business moving. Learn more CX AI at the core Take care of customers from first
ask to final answer with domain-
specific AI that truly understands
your business.​ Learn more The future of AI-first customer experience starts here​ Deliver fast, personalized and exceptional service your
customers demand and deserve.​ AI-driven CX transformation—everything on one platform One intelligent, AI-driven foundation powers every solution—helping you act on what matters now, scale at your pace, and achieve results faster. Automate Experiences​ Make it easy and convenient for customers to get effective and personal support – anytime, on all voice and digital channels.​ Explore Our products AI Agents Experience Optimization Proactive AI Agent Knowledge Management Orchestrate Workflows​ Customers shouldn’t have to start over. Keep every conversation connected, seamless, and personal–no matter where it happens. Explore Our products Omnichannel Routing Proactive Engagement Workflow Orchestrator Agent Desktop Workspace Augment Human Agents​ Give your team the real-time intelligence that helps them work faster, feel supported, and deliver better experiences, every time. Explore Our products AI Agents Copilots Automated Summary Workforce Engagement Voice of the Customer Interaction Analytics Case Studies Real results from customer‑obsessed brands Explore insights, events, and tools that move CX forward Discover the latest strategies, reports, and interactive tools from NiCE to help you drive impact across your contact center—from AI innovation to operational excellence. Event Welcome to NiCE World June 8-10 in Orlando, FL Join us to capture the excitement happening across the world of CX. NiCE Highlights NiCE announces brand ambassador partnership with PGA TOUR star JJ Spaun to champion the power of relentless drive, innovation and growth Championing AI CX innovation with the same focus and precision JJ Spaun brings to every swing. eBook Future-ready CX: 10 AI trends you can’t miss Turn AI momentum into measurable wins. Press Release NiCE Closes Acquisition of Cognigy, Transforming Customer Experience with Best-in-Class, Data-Driven CX AI Platform Cognigy’s acquisition accelerates NICE’s AI roadmap and expands access to its conversational AI. Press Release NiCE and RingCentral Extend Partnership to Accelerate AI-Driven Customer and Employee Experiences The renewed partnership enhances AI-powered UCaaS and CCaaS to transform engagement. Press Release We’re thrilled to partner with Snowflake to unlock CX data value through secure sharing across the front, middle, and back office with CXone Mpower. NICE and Snowflake will enable seamless access to interaction data, unlocking insights and driving innovation. Press Release We’re thrilled to announce our strategic collaboration with AWS to accelerate the adoption of AI-powered, cloud-native customer service automation technologies. Collaboration unites cloud and AI expertise to accelerate automation through joint innovation and integrations. Press Release We are excited to announce our partnership with ServiceNow to deliver game-changing, AI-driven customer service fulfillment. Fully automated solution links customer engagement with workflows for faster, smarter resolutions. Analyst Report Find out why NICE was recognized as a Leader with the highest score in the Strategy category. "NiCE is a best fit for brands looking for a proven solution with broad capabilities and a strong track record of success.” Experience the CX AI platform built for enterprise Watch the demo Explore the platform Company About Us Careers Global Leadership Media Center Investors Awards Global Office Locations Contact Us CCaaS Customer Experience NiCE Public Safety NiCE Actimize NiCE RPA Partners NiCE Partners Overview Developer Partners (DEVone) CXone Mpower Partner Portal NiCE Help Partner Portal NiCE User Group Customer Support Customer Support Overview CXone Mpower Support Login NiCE Customer Support © 2025 NiCE Terms of Use Site Map Privacy Policy Legal Cookies Settings Accessibility Stay Connected © 2025 NiCE