Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu

WE USE COOKIES

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on this website. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all on the NiCE website. However, if you would like, you can change your cookie settings at any time. To find out more about how we use this information, see our Cookie Policy

Settings
Accept All
Login
Status
Support
Partners
Pricing
Careers
EN
English
Deutsch
Français
日本
简体中文
العربية
한국
Español
Platform

CXone Mpower

The enterprise AI platform for orchestrating human and AI Agents to automate service, augment work, and accelerate intelligent experiences at scale.

Learn more

Platform Overview

Complete AI platform for customer service automation

Purpose-built AI for CX

Powering smarter CX with AI-driven insights and automation.

Cloud Architecture

Innovative cloud-native foundation to rapidly scale extraordinary CX

Voice as a Service (VaaS)

Crystal-clear, scalable voice interactions for effortless interactions

Dashboards & Reporting

Gain a full operational picture of your contact center, with enhanced visualization of real-time and historical insights

Integrations

Seamlessly connect your business systems with our platform

Trust & Compliance

Securing your trust with every interaction

Discover the full value of AI in customer service

Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation.

Calculate your savings

Products

Capabilities

AI Experience Automation

Experience Automation

AI that resolves customer needs instantly and proactively

Learn more

AI Agents for your Business

Go beyond answering questions to fully automate customer intent through fulfillment with Agentic AI.

Experience Optimization (XO)

Synthesize real customer conversations to identify your top automation opportunities.

Proactive AI Agent

Keep customers engaged in conversation from onboarding to installation, service, and retention.

Knowledge Management

Activate AI-powered enterprise knowledge to increase self-resolution rates and loyalty.

AI Workflow Orchestration

AI Workforce Augmentation

Solutions

By Business Initiative

Integrations & Custom Solutions

View All Products
Industries

By Industry

Industry focused solutions built to elevate experiences in the moments that matter most.

View all

BPO

Business Process Outsourcers

Financial Services

Customer experiences that count

Government

Elevate citizen trust

Healthcare

Healthy patient experiences

View all Industries

Insurance

Secure policyholder experiences

Retail

Delight customers where they shop

Telecom

CX for Telecommunications

Travel & Hospitality

Boost traveler and guest loyalty

Discover the full value of AI in customer service

Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation.

Calculate your savings

Services

Professional Services

Professional Services

Industry-leading expertise, tools and know-how

Implementation Partners

NICE-certified implementation partners

Business Consulting

Your partner for successful transformation

Tools

Contact Center Training

Tailored education delivered by CX experts

AI Value Calculator

Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation.

Support & Assistance

Customer Support

Global support you can depend on

Make the smartest buying decision with the latest Gartner analysis

NiCE has been named a Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader for Contact Center as a Service for the 11th consecutive year and is positioned furthest on Completeness of Vision.

Get report

Resources

Knowledge Base

All Resources

Whitepapers, datasheets, demos and more

Analyst Perspectives

Contact center reports from third party analysis

Terms Glossary

Detailed descriptions of industry-related terms

FAQs

Contact center focused frequently asked questions

Guides

Expert insights for superior CX

Learning & Insights

On-Demand Webinars

Browse our extensive webinar catalog

Interactive Product Tours

Explore the complete platform with our self-guided demos

Blog

CX industry guidance by contact center experts

Why NiCE? Video Series

Step Inside The Room Where It Happened to see CX AI in action

Community

Events

Upcoming events and webinars

Customer Stories

Our customer's success is paramount. Read case studies about real CX transformation

NiCE Clubs

Collaborate, learn, and share best practices for customer service excellence

Discover the full value of AI in customer service

Understand the benefits and cost savings you can achieve by embracing AI, from automation to augmentation.

Calculate your savings

Company

Company

About Us

Powering seamless cloud experiences

Investors

Investors relations, reports and filings

Global Offices

Interactive map of locations worldwide

Careers

View job openings and learn about our culture

NiCE Leadership

Meet our global leadership and executive team

News & Media

Events

Upcoming events and webinars

Press Releases

Find the latest updates from NiCE

Media Center

Media contacts and resources

Corporate Governance

NiCE Trust Center

Securing your trust with every interaction

Market Leadership

Discover why NiCE is the market leader

Corporate Responsibility

In a world where you can be anything, be NiCE

Meet NiCE Cognigy

Together, CXone Mpower and Cognigy AI enable organizations to accelerate AI adoption and scale it seamlessly across every customer experience.

See what’s possible

Get Started
One AI platform to transform
customer experience at scale

​Smarter AI. Better experiences. One platform. NiCE powers every interaction, helping enterprises deliver consistent, scalable, and meaningful CX at every point of engagement.

Watch demo
Explore the platform

Two Leaders.
One platform.

At NiCE, we’re setting the standard
for AI-first customer experience.




Get the reports
Discover more
CX AI platform
Market leadership
NiCE World 2026
The world’s best brands trust NiCE to power 15B+ interactions a year
How to turn AI innovation into​
business acceleration​

Discover how NiCE Cognigy empowers enterprises to automate workflows, orchestrate journeys,
and elevate every customer interaction through intelligent, connected AI agents.​

Watch the demo
The enterprise AI platform built to elevate customer experience​

NiCE accelerates your CX transformation, giving you the AI-ready data foundation to automate AI-first experiences at enterprise scale.​

Agentic AI agents​

Accelerate AI adoption and scale it seamlessly across every customer experience.​

Learn more

Scale in the cloud

Run customer service on one smart, secure platform built to scale and simplify as you grow.

Learn more

Seamless integrations

Get connected fast with pre-built integrations, open APIs, and simple tools that keep your business moving.

Learn more

CX AI at the core

Take care of customers from first ask to final answer with domain- specific AI that truly understands your business.​

Learn more

The future of AI-first customer experience starts here​

Deliver fast, personalized and exceptional service your customers demand and deserve.​

AI agents for your business

Meet customer demands for instant, personalized service at any time on any channel with an AI workforce tailored to your organization. ​

See how
One CX AI platform, endless possibilities​

Simplify your tech stack and scale AI-powered customer experiences without complexity or compromise.

Explore
Turn data into action

Build automation that drives real results, informed by your best outcomes and highest-performing people.

Explore
Empower human agents with AI​

Give your employees instant guidance and knowledge, so they can handle anything with confidence.

Explore
AI-powered orchestration

Orchestrate every workflow so customers get what they need, and your teams stay a step ahead.

Explore
Global scale, local precision​

Operate with speed, security, and scale while delivering experiences that resonate with your customers, wherever they are.

Explore
AI-driven CX transformation—everything on one platform

One intelligent, AI-driven foundation powers every solution—helping you act on what matters now, scale at your pace, and achieve results faster.

Automate Experiences​

Make it easy and convenient for customers to get effective and personal support – anytime, on all voice and digital channels.​

Explore
Our products
AI Agents
Experience Optimization
Proactive AI Agent
Knowledge Management
Orchestrate Workflows​

Customers shouldn’t have to start over. Keep every conversation connected, seamless, and personal–no matter where it happens.

Explore
Our products
Omnichannel Routing
Proactive Engagement
Workflow Orchestrator
Agent Desktop Workspace
Augment Human Agents​

Give your team the real-time intelligence that helps them work faster, feel supported, and deliver better experiences, every time.

Explore
Our products
AI Agents
Copilots
Automated Summary
Workforce Engagement
Voice of the Customer
Interaction Analytics

Case Studies

Real results from customer‑obsessed brands
Toyota’s drive for innovation is limitless with AI Agents
95%

Book directly with the AI agent

98%

Of users love the AI service

Learn more
Sony Electronics achieves highest-ever response rate with NiCE
40%

Automation potential for customers

34%

Increase in customer satisfaction

Learn more
Saves over $1 million in first 8 months with NiCE EEM and VRS
22%

Agents use self-service daily

Learn more
LLM-driven AI Agents as brand ambassadors
25+

AI agents in more than 11 countries

5M

AI conversations and deeper consumer insights

Learn more
Complete AI coverage: voice, chat, and agent copilot
2M

EUR annual savings with agent copilot

55%

End-to-end automation on chat

Learn more
Explore insights, events, and tools that move CX forward

Discover the latest strategies, reports, and interactive tools from NiCE to help you drive impact across your contact center—from AI innovation to operational excellence.

Event

Welcome to NiCE World June 8-10 in Orlando, FL

Join us to capture the excitement happening across the world of CX.

NiCE Highlights

NiCE announces brand ambassador partnership with PGA TOUR star JJ Spaun to champion the power of relentless drive, innovation and growth

Championing AI CX innovation with the same focus and precision JJ Spaun brings to every swing.

eBook

Future-ready CX: 10 AI trends you can’t miss

Turn AI momentum into measurable wins.

Press Release

NiCE Closes Acquisition of Cognigy, Transforming Customer Experience with Best-in-Class, Data-Driven CX AI Platform

Cognigy’s acquisition accelerates NICE’s AI roadmap and expands access to its conversational AI.

Press Release

NiCE and RingCentral Extend Partnership to Accelerate AI-Driven Customer and Employee Experiences

The renewed partnership enhances AI-powered UCaaS and CCaaS to transform engagement.

Press Release

We’re thrilled to partner with Snowflake to unlock CX data value through secure sharing across the front, middle, and back office with CXone Mpower.

NICE and Snowflake will enable seamless access to interaction data, unlocking insights and driving innovation.

Press Release

We’re thrilled to announce our strategic collaboration with AWS to accelerate the adoption of AI-powered, cloud-native customer service automation technologies.

Collaboration unites cloud and AI expertise to accelerate automation through joint innovation and integrations.

Press Release

We are excited to announce our partnership with ServiceNow to deliver game-changing, AI-driven customer service fulfillment.

Fully automated solution links customer engagement with workflows for faster, smarter resolutions.

Analyst Report

Find out why NICE was recognized as a Leader with the highest score in the Strategy category.

"NiCE is a best fit for brands looking for a proven solution with broad capabilities and a strong track record of success.”

Experience the CX AI platform
built for enterprise

Watch the demo
Explore the platform

Also of Interest
Customer Service ChatbotCall Center Software – Cloud Contact Center SolutionsClient Relationship Management - Unlock the Power
Company
About Us
Careers
Global Leadership
Media Center
Investors
Awards
Global Office Locations
Contact Us
CCaaS
Customer Experience
NiCE Public Safety
NiCE Actimize
NiCE RPA
Partners
NiCE Partners Overview
Developer Partners (DEVone)
CXone Mpower Partner Portal
NiCE Help Partner Portal
NiCE User Group
Customer Support
Customer Support Overview
CXone Mpower Support Login
NiCE Customer Support
© 2025 NiCE
Terms of Use
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies Settings
Accessibility
Stay Connected