Homepage | NICE Skip to content Accessibility help Search NICE… Skip to content Menu Sign in Guidance Standards and indicators Clinical Knowledge Summaries (CKS) British National Formulary (BNF) British National Formulary for Children (BNFC) Life sciences More from NICE We produce useful and usable guidance for the NHS and wider health and care system. Our recommendations help practitioners and commissioners get the best care to people, fast, while ensuring value for the taxpayer. Find guidance Latest from NICE Thousands more people with advanced bowel cancer to benefit as NICE approves bevacizumab biosimilars More than 7,000 people in England will now be able to access to a life-extending treatment for advanced bowel cancer. News 24 December 2025 NICE announces Professor Jonathan Benger as new Chief Executive NICE Chairman, Sharmila Nebhrajani, today announced Professor Jonathan Benger CBE as incoming chief executive, with effect from Friday 19 December 2025 taking over from Dr Samantha Roberts. News 15 December 2025 Seven digital platforms supporting at home cardiac rehab given conditional recommendations People with heart disease will be able to do their recovery sessions from home rather than travelling for rehabilitation appointments after our independent committee conditionally recommended 7 digital platforms for use in the NHS. News 04 December 2025 Changes to NICE’s cost-effectiveness thresholds confirmed The government has today (1 December 2025) announced that it will increase the thresholds NICE uses in evaluations of new medicines to decide which are cost-effective for use in the NHS. News 01 December 2025 View all news, blogs and podcasts NICE in 2025: Helping to get the best care to people fast As Sam Roberts prepares to hand over the baton as chief executive, she reflects on her time at NICE and looks to the next chapter for the organisation. She also reflects on our 2025 highlights and achievements in delivering our transformation plan and our commitments in the 10 Year Plan. Read more from Sam Implementation and planning Best practice resources for practitioners and commissioners. Quality improvement - using our standards and indicators Helping you define, improve and measure quality in health, public health and social care. Guidelines and resources for social care Resources and recommendations for adult and children’s social care, with example scenarios to help put them into practice. Productivity, planning and cost saving resources Explore ways to plan, save money and make decisions on the best ways to use resources. More ways we support you Useful sources of information and advice for healthcare professionals, patients, parents and carers. Advice and information on the use of drugs The British National Formulary (BNF) provides information about the selection, prescribing, dispensing and administration of drugs. Summaries of evidence and advice on common health topics With over 370 topics to choose from, clinical knowledge summaries (CKS) can provide quick answers to clinical questions. Making decisions about your care Our patient decision aids (PDAs) include treatment options available, likely outcomes, benefits, harms and uncertainties. NICE conference 2026 Join us at this exceptional event, where senior managers, policymakers, commissioners, patients, frontline staff, and industry leaders unite in an inspiring and collaborative atmosphere. Learn more and register NHS 10 Year Plan The government's ambitious 10 Year Plan is here – and NICE is at the forefront, delivering faster, and fairer access to life-changing health innovations. With 3 game-changing priorities already in motion, patients could soon benefit from faster access to cutting-edge treatments. 10 Year Plan for the NHS In-depth Our chief executive, Dr Sam Roberts, welcomes the government's 10 Year Plan for healthcare Blogs How NICE is helping to deliver the government's 10 Year Plan for healthcare Podcasts Back to top Guidance Standards and indicators Clinical Knowledge Summaries (CKS) Clinical Knowledge Summaries Clinical Knowledge Summaries British National Formulary (BNF) British National Formulary British National Formulary British National Formulary for Children (BNFC) British National Formulary for Children British National Formulary for Children Life sciences Library and knowledge services What NICE does Implementing NICE guidance Get involved About us Careers News, blogs and podcasts Newsletters and alerts Contact us Leave feedback Reusing our content NICE UK Open Content Licence Syndicate our content Events Facebook X YouTube LinkedIn Accessibility Freedom of information Glossary Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookies © NICE 2025 . All rights reserved. Subject to Notice of rights .