Cookies on the NICE website and services

Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.

We use cookies to store information about how you use the NICE website and services, such as the pages you visit.

For more information, view our cookie statement.
(Opens in a new window)

Accept all cookiesReject cookies
Essential cookies

These cookies enable basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. Our website cannot function properly without these cookies and they can only be deactivated by changing your browser preferences.

Preference cookies

These cookies remember information that changes the way our website behaves or looks, like your preferred layout or previously viewed pages.

Preference cookies
On
Off
Website usage cookies

We use tools such as Google Analytics, Hotjar, Google Optimize and Loop11 to help us anonymously measure how you use our websites. This allows us to make improvements based on our users' needs.

These tools set cookies that store anonymised information about how you got to the site, and how you interact with the site.

Show vendors within this category
Website usage cookies
On
Off
Marketing and advertising cookies

We use Google Ads, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Stackadapt, Amazon DSP, Xandr and Microsoft Ads to show adverts on external sites to promote NICE services, events and content.

These services may use cookies to help make advertising more effective. These cookies are used for things like showing relevant adverts based on website visits, preventing the same ad from continuously re-appearing, or by measuring how many times people click on these adverts.

Show vendors within this category
Marketing and advertising cookies
On
Off
Skip to content
Accessibility help
Search NICE…
Skip to content
Sign in
Guidance
Standards and indicators
Clinical Knowledge Summaries (CKS)
British National Formulary (BNF)
British National Formulary for Children (BNFC)
Life sciences
More from NICE
We produce useful and usable guidance for the NHS and wider health and care system.

Our recommendations help practitioners and commissioners get the best care to people, fast, while ensuring value for the taxpayer.

Find guidance
Latest from NICE
Thousands more people with advanced bowel cancer to benefit as NICE approves bevacizumab biosimilars

More than 7,000 people in England will now be able to access to a life-extending treatment for advanced bowel cancer.

News24 December 2025
NICE announces Professor Jonathan Benger as new Chief Executive

NICE Chairman, Sharmila Nebhrajani, today announced Professor Jonathan Benger CBE as incoming chief executive, with effect from Friday 19 December 2025 taking over from Dr Samantha Roberts.

News15 December 2025
Seven digital platforms supporting at home cardiac rehab given conditional recommendations

People with heart disease will be able to do their recovery sessions from home rather than travelling for rehabilitation appointments after our independent committee conditionally recommended 7 digital platforms for use in the NHS.

News04 December 2025
Changes to NICE’s cost-effectiveness thresholds confirmed

The government has today (1 December 2025) announced that it will increase the thresholds NICE uses in evaluations of new medicines to decide which are cost-effective for use in the NHS.

News01 December 2025

View all news, blogs and podcasts

NICE in 2025: Helping to get the best care to people fast

As Sam Roberts prepares to hand over the baton as chief executive, she reflects on her time at NICE and looks to the next chapter for the organisation. She also reflects on our 2025 highlights and achievements in delivering our transformation plan and our commitments in the 10 Year Plan.

Read more from Sam
Implementation and planning

Best practice resources for practitioners and commissioners.

Quality improvement - using our standards and indicators

Helping you define, improve and measure quality in health, public health and social care.

Guidelines and resources for social care

Resources and recommendations for adult and children’s social care, with example scenarios to help put them into practice.

Productivity, planning and cost saving resources

Explore ways to plan, save money and make decisions on the best ways to use resources.

More ways we support you

Useful sources of information and advice for healthcare professionals, patients, parents and carers.

Advice and information on the use of drugs

The British National Formulary (BNF) provides information about the selection, prescribing, dispensing and administration of drugs.

Summaries of evidence and advice on common health topics

With over 370 topics to choose from, clinical knowledge summaries (CKS) can provide quick answers to clinical questions.

Making decisions about your care

Our patient decision aids (PDAs) include treatment options available, likely outcomes, benefits, harms and uncertainties.

NICE conference 2026

Join us at this exceptional event, where senior managers, policymakers, commissioners, patients, frontline staff, and industry leaders unite in an inspiring and collaborative atmosphere.

Learn more and register
NHS 10 Year Plan
The government's ambitious 10 Year Plan is here – and NICE is at the forefront, delivering faster, and fairer access to life-changing health innovations. With 3 game-changing priorities already in motion, patients could soon benefit from faster access to cutting-edge treatments. 
10 Year Plan for the NHS
In-depth
Our chief executive, Dr Sam Roberts, welcomes the government's 10 Year Plan for healthcare
Blogs
How NICE is helping to deliver the government's 10 Year Plan for healthcare
Podcasts
Back to top