Find the School that Fits You Best - Niche Skip to Main Content Remove Niche - Homepage K-12 Colleges Graduate Schools Scholarships & Financial Aid Places to Live The following text input provides auto-suggestions as you type. Use the arrow keys to navigate the list of suggestions. Use enter to select an option. Use escape to close the suggestions. Find a college or university ... The following text input provides auto-suggestions as you type. Use the arrow keys to navigate the list of suggestions. Use enter to select an option. Use escape to close the suggestions. Search in a state or metro ... profile icon Log In Sign Up K-12 SCHOOLS Review Your School Schools Near You Compare Schools K-12 Quiz School Search District Search School Rankings Parent Resources COLLEGES True Cost Direct Admissions Review Your College College Quiz Admissions Calculator Compare Colleges Scholarships & Financial Aid $2,000 No Essay Scholarship College Search College Rankings Student Loans Guide to College Majors GRADUATE SCHOOLS Review Your Grad School $1,000 Graduate Survey Scholarship Grad School Search Graduate Programs Best MBA Programs PLACES TO LIVE Review Your Area Find Places to Live Rankings Home Buying Tips Niche requires Javascript to work correctly. Please turn it on if you're experiencing issues. Find the School That Fits You Best Finding the right school shouldn’t be hard. From K‑12 to college to grad school, we make it easy to discover and connect with the best ones for you. Start Your Search K-12 Schools Colleges Grad Schools Get accepted without an application. No application. No waiting. With Direct Admissions, colleges can accept you based on the information in your Niche Profile. Create a Niche Profile Learn more Find Your Niche Your search is unique. Just like you. We give you all of the data, reviews, and insights in one place to make your search as easy as possible. No Heavy Lifting We analyze the data so you don't have to. The Good, The Bad, & The Honest Our user reviews let you hear directly from families and students to give you an honest and holistic view. Like A Glove We personalize your search based on what's most important to you. Real Niche Stories Niche has helped millions of students and families find their fit. During my college search, I was having a difficult time narrowing down what I wanted in a school, so I used Niche to help. I especially liked looking at the rankings for different aspects of the college experience, like the campus, academics, and much more! Abby D. I am so grateful for Niche and their resources. Schooling children at home has truly had its challenges. But having resources has made it so much easier. Finding the right programs for my little ones has been invaluable. Dayna M. When I was applying to college, I had no idea what I was looking for. Niche helped me explore different schools and see breakdowns on many aspects of their programs! Thanks to Niche, I found a school that was a perfect fit! Clay N. Stay On Track Tools to organize your school search. We'll help you build your list, track your progress and get new recommendations as your search narrows. Start Exploring Choose Your School Everything you need to make your decision. With the information you care about on every school in America, we make it easy for you to compare schools and colleges to make your decision. Compare K-12 Schools Compare Colleges 2026 Rankings Browse schools & colleges by “best of” lists. We combine the reviews and the data to put together these comprehensive lists to get you started. View Best Colleges View Best K-12 Schools View Best Districts Partner With Niche For schools and colleges Are you a college or K-12 school representative? Learn more about how you can partner with Niche to connect with students and families throughout the school search process. Claim Your School Learn More Dartmouth College Nazareth Prep Over 1,700 schools partner with Niche Not sure where to start? Tell us what  matters most to you and we'll create a custom list of schools tailored to fit your needs. Take our College Quiz Find K-12 Schools Near You About Us Niche For Schools Niche For Colleges Blog College Guidance Resource Center True Cost Contact Niche Data Careers Partnerships Press Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy Policy User Agreement Web Accessibility Cookie Policy Sitemap © 2025 Niche.com Inc. Discover the schools and neighborhoods that are right for you. K-12 Colleges Graduate Schools Places to Live Do you work for a school or college? Claim Your School College Rankings Best Colleges Best Christian Colleges Best Liberal Arts Colleges Best Value Colleges Hardest Colleges to Get Into Top Party Schools Top Public Universities College Scholarships California Colleges Florida Colleges Ohio Colleges New York Colleges Pennsylvania Colleges Texas Colleges K-12 School Rankings Best School Districts Best Elementary Schools Best Middle Schools Best High Schools Best Private High Schools Best Charter High Schools Best Magnet High Schools Best School Districts in California Best School Districts in Michigan Best School Districts in New Jersey Best School Districts in New York Best School Districts in Pennsylvania Best School Districts in Texas Best School Districts in Virginia Atlanta Neighborhoods Austin Neighborhoods Baltimore Neighborhoods Boston Neighborhoods Chicago Neighborhoods Denver Neighborhoods Houston Neighborhoods Los Angeles Neighborhoods Miami Neighborhoods New York City Neighborhoods Philadelphia Neighborhoods Pittsburgh Neighborhoods San Francisco Neighborhoods Seattle Neighborhoods Washington, D.C. Neighborhoods Learn more about our College Search App