Nicki Swift | Celebrity Gossip, News, and Exclusives News Exclusives Experts Opinion Gossip Entertainment Hollywood Music Athletes Royals Politics Crime Lawsuits Arrests Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2026 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Nicki Swift | Celebrity Gossip, News, and Exclusives News Exclusives Gossip Entertainment Politics Crime Features Newsletter News Karoline Leavitt Slams Vanity Fair's Up Close Look At Her Face & It's As Petty As It Gets Weeks after the unflattering photo of Karoline Leavitt that appeared to expose her lip filler was posted by Vanity Fair, she's clapping back on Instagram. By Brandon Bombay Read More News Vanessa Trump Hints Tiger Woods Romance Is Still Red Hot (Do We Hear Wedding Bells?) Vanessa Trump and Tiger Woods seem to have been going strong for months now, but is their relationship headed towards the altar? Here's what we know. By Kay Banks Read More News Jill Biden's Ex Bill Stevenson's Wife's Sudden Death Is Causing A Stir Jill Biden's ex, Bill Stevenson, has been outspoken about his negative feelings toward her. Now he's under scrutiny in the wake of the death of his wife, Linda. By Manuella Libardi Read More Latest Stories Television Television By Bernadette Roe 3 hours ago Inappropriate Outfits Kelly Ripa Has Been Caught Wearing Unfortunately, with so much exposure, it's inevitable that Kelly Ripa has had a few wardrobe malfunctions and some outfits that have raised eyebrows. By Bernadette Roe 3 hours ago Read More News News By Brandon Bombay 5 hours ago Ryan Seacrest's 'Aging' Face On NYE Has Everyone Saying The Same Sad Thing As Ryan Seacrest got ready to kick off the New Year with a look that was new to some fans, concerned commenters speculated about why he looks so different. By Brandon Bombay 5 hours ago Read More News News By Brandon Bombay 7 hours ago Karoline Leavitt Slams Vanity Fair's Up Close Look At Her Face & It's As Petty As It Gets Weeks after the unflattering photo of Karoline Leavitt that appeared to expose her lip filler was posted by Vanity Fair, she's clapping back on Instagram. By Brandon Bombay 7 hours ago Read More News News By Kay Banks 8 hours ago Vanessa Trump Hints Tiger Woods Romance Is Still Red Hot (Do We Hear Wedding Bells?) Vanessa Trump and Tiger Woods seem to have been going strong for months now, but is their relationship headed towards the altar? Here's what we know. By Kay Banks 8 hours ago Read More News News By Manuella Libardi 9 hours ago Jill Biden's Ex Bill Stevenson's Wife's Sudden Death Is Causing A Stir Jill Biden's ex, Bill Stevenson, has been outspoken about his negative feelings toward her. Now he's under scrutiny in the wake of the death of his wife, Linda. By Manuella Libardi 9 hours ago Read More Music Music By Kaitlyn Carrera 9 hours ago The Heartbreaking Story Of Frank Ocean's Late Brother Ryan Breaux Frank Ocean's life was turned upside down when he tragically lost his brother, Ryan Breaux, in 2020. Here's what we know about his heartbreaking loss. By Kaitlyn Carrera 9 hours ago Read More Movies Movies By Amy Roberts 11 hours ago Sci-Fi Stars You Might Not Know Died Every fan of science fiction knows the universe is limitless and death is not always the end. Here are the immortalized sci-fi stars you might not know died. By Amy Roberts 11 hours ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By M. Lopez 12 hours ago The Troubled Children Of Famous Reality TV Stars From “The Real Housewives” to “19 Kids and Counting,” the children of these reality TV stars have faced arrests, accusations, and even worse. By M. Lopez 12 hours ago Read More Television Television By Marika Kazimierska 12 hours ago The Real-Life Partners Of Hallmark's Leading Men Meet the real-life partners of your favorite Hallmark leading men, whose off-screen love stories have played out like one of the network's films. By Marika Kazimierska 12 hours ago Read More Movies Movies By Brandon Miller 12 hours ago Celebs Whose Marriages Are Refreshingly Normal Celebrity marriages are known for being a lot of things, but normal is not one of them. So, demonstrations of normal love stories within Hollyweird? Noteworthy. By Brandon Miller 12 hours ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By Kay Banks 13 hours ago Brigitte Bardot's Most Daring Outfits Ever From a waist-cinching black leotard to that infamous see-through dress, Brigitte Bardot’s bold fashion risks became a defining part of her legacy. By Kay Banks 13 hours ago Read More The Dirt The Dirt By Frances Dean 1 day ago Real Housewives Who Can't Afford Their Lavish Lives Being a Real Housewife means flaunting an extravagant lifestyle that viewers can only dream of, but behind the glam, not every House wife can truly afford it. By Frances Dean 1 day ago Read More News News By Brandon Bombay 1 day ago Marjorie Taylor Greene's 'Mar-A-Lago Face' Shade Miserably Backfires On Her While MAGA critics love to mock the Mar-a-Lago face aesthetic adopted by the likes of Lara Trump, they don't want to hear Marjorie Taylor Greene trash it. By Brandon Bombay 1 day ago Read More News News By Amanda Ray Byerly 1 day ago Barron Trump Awkwardly Stole The Show At Mar-A-Lago Christmas Party After a pastor spilled details about a very personal conversation with Barron Trump, the first son looked uncomfortable celebrating Christmas with his family. By Amanda Ray Byerly 1 day ago Read More Music Music By Bessie Yuill 1 day ago Jill Scott: What Most People Don't Know About The Elusive Singer Three-time Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Jill Scott has been in the business for decades. Here are some facts that most people don't know about her. By Bessie Yuill 1 day ago Read More The Dirt The Dirt By Alex Ceneviva 1 day ago Celebrities Barbra Streisand Absolutely Can't Stand Barbara Streisand is a Hollywood icon who's been through a lot and has had quite a few celebrity feuds. Here are the celebrities Barbra absolutely can't stand. By Alex Ceneviva 1 day ago Read More Music Music By Cassie Daigle 1 day ago Paula Abdul's Most Controversial Moments Paula Abdul was everyone's favorite judge on American Idol during her eight seasons. That said, she's had some controversial moments in her career, too. By Cassie Daigle 1 day ago Read More The Dirt The Dirt By Todd Jacobs 1 day ago Royals Who Have Secret Love Children Cheating rumors plague most royals, but some high born folk have acknowledged their fruitful indiscretions. Here are royals who have secret love children. By Todd Jacobs 1 day ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By Jon O'Brien 1 day ago Red Flags In Shailene Woodley's Dating History Shailene Woodley’s relationship history is marked by bold choices and warning signs. Each high-profile relationship shows why her love life keeps unraveling. By Jon O'Brien 1 day ago Read More Politics Politics By Manuella Libardi 2 days ago This Is What Barron Trump Typically Eats In A Day There are many mysteries about Barron Trump, that gigantic Joffrey, and many are wondering what kind of diet can account for his extremely tall frame. By Manuella Libardi 2 days ago Read More News News By Lea B 2 days ago Erika Kirk Dumps On Her 'Tradwife' Branding & Reactions Are Unanimous Erika Kirk had Christian fans absolutely fuming after apparently walking back her prior stance on conservative tradwife values during a new Fox News interview. By Lea B 2 days ago Read More News News By Kay Banks 2 days ago Karoline Leavitt Replacement Rumors Cause A Stir After Pregnancy Reveal Karoline Leavitt is set to have a daughter almost two years after she gave birth to a son, and people are already naming who might replace her at the podium. By Kay Banks 2 days ago Read More Politics Politics By Brandon Bombay 2 days ago Jarring Pics Of Kimberly Guilfoyle Prove Her Makeup Should Never Be Captured Up Close Kimberly Guilfoyle is no stranger to overly heavy makeup looks, and these photos prove that her cakey cosmetics should never be captured in a close-up. By Brandon Bombay 2 days ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By Kay Banks 2 days ago Tragic Details About Savannah Guthrie's Health Issues After a freak accident involving her toddler son landed Savannah Guthrie in the operating room, she experienced other health problems that required surgery. By Kay Banks 2 days ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By Brent Furdyk 2 days ago Celebrity Transformations That Took The 1970s By Storm The 1970s were a time of great change, from film to TV to music, and the stars of the era reflected the decade's transformation in the pop culture zeitgeist. By Brent Furdyk 2 days ago Read More Hollywood Hollywood By Manuella Libardi 3 days ago Texas Locals Can't Stand Chip And Joanna Gaines & It's So Obvious Joanna Gaines once made a major design fail that left some of her neighbors shaking their heads, but now a lot more Waco residents are upset with her and Chip. By Manuella Libardi 3 days ago Read More News News By Lea B 3 days ago Erika Kirk Paints A Sad Picture Of Her Christmas Without Charlie Amid Criticism Erika Kirk lost her husband in September and has since been accused of using his death as part of a grift, all of which makes her Christmas message even sadder. By Lea B 3 days ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2026 Static Media ® NickiSwift.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Chowhound Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.