Skip to content
Solutions▼
Insights▼
Data Center▼
About▼
EN
Contact Us
Real audiences. Real data. Real decisions.

Nielsen’s comprehensive data and measurement are powering the future of media.

Contact us
Asia Pacific’s Ad Spend Snapshot: H1 2025
Powered by Nielsen Ad Intel
Learn more

Solutions

Connecting you to audiences, growth and new opportunities.
See all solutions

Featured product

Nielsen ONE

One clear view of your audience, brought together in one seamless platform.

Learn more
Audience
measurement

Know everything about your audiences with our cross-platform measurement data of the entire population and its shifting habits.

Explore
Media
planning

Power your planning and invest where it matters with comprehensive data that shows where, when and how to meet your audiences.

Explore
Marketing optimization

Maximize your ROI by understanding how your advertising and marketing reaches and impacts audiences.

Explore
Gracenote content metadata

Connect audiences with the TV, movie, sports, music and podcast content they’ll love.

Explore
See all solutions

Insights

Stay ahead of media’s evolution with our timely insights.

Featured

Tops of Sports – Media trends shaping sports marketing for 2026

Gain a strategic edge in 2025. Understand global marketing trends, balance brand with performance, and measure media holistically with data-driven insights.

Sports & gaming

2mins read

Featured

The Gauge

Navigate the TV landscape with precision. Examine audience viewing behaviors across key TV delivery platforms…

12mins read

Featured

Need to Know: What are Nielsen ratings?

Learn what Nielsen ratings are, how they are calculated, and how they can help you make informed marketing and…

Advertising

4mins read

See all insights

People

Real people are always at the heart of our data.

 750K+

People around the world participate in our panels

Backed by real people, our global panels provide critical data validation and ensure representation.

Panels

 13K+

Employees power our business globally

Our passionate workforce drives a better media future across 57 countries. 

Careers

 14

Business resource groups champion an inclusive culture

Members of these groups help us bring our best to the communities we measure.

Business inclusion,
impact & belonging


Let´s Talk

Discover how Nielsen can help.

Get a Demo
Solutions
Locations
Insights
About Nielsen
Careers
News Center
Governance & Integrity

Copyright © 2025 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy notice | Terms of use | Cookie Settings
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information
Nielsen Marketing Cloud Privacy Statement | Health Privacy Notice

By clicking “Accept All Cookies" you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies