Nieman Journalism Lab Fellowships Reports Lab Storyboard Nieman Foundation at Harvard HOME About Subscribe Archives Foundation Reports Storyboard LATEST STORY The year we stop pretending the industry has changed Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production ABOUT SUBSCRIBE Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production Translations The year we stop pretending the industry has changed “Legacy media has shown for 200 years it won’t do what it never has.” By Delano Massey Public media’s next act “Public radio stations can leverage the reach of their broadcast infrastructure to anchor a civic information network that serves communities across multiple platforms.” By Steve Henn AI will force us to be more ambitious, more human storytellers “The human hands behind news will need to be more obvious.” By Susie Cagle If confusion is the commodity, certainty is the premium product “The aim is to develop an ‘electronic press pass’ for journalists that cryptographically seals their words and images against tampering.” By Basile Simon DEI dies in darkness, taking integrity with it “If corporate, conglomerate-owned news organizations are willing to abandon their principles around diversity, equity, and inclusion, they’ll happily abandon their principles around almost anything.” By Danielle C. Belton 3 big risks catch up with some indie publishers in 2026 “These emerging publishers need to learn how to properly manage risk for their businesses. The data shows us that, by and large, many don’t do that right now.” By Chris Krewson Newsrooms will embrace some AI-generated imagery “There are broad swaths of the newspaper where photographs haven’t traditionally been held to stringent expectations of accuracy, and where ‘news illustrations’ are already welcome.” By Annie Rudd Crowdsourced accountability reporting shines a brighter light on Big Tech “As access to official APIs and research agreements decreases, crowdsourcing emerges out of necessity.” By Leon Yin AI breaks the hamster wheel of journalism “The breaking of the hamster wheel’s fundamental premise — that humans must run it — creates space for reimagining what journalism could be if not organized around acceleration as its governing logic.” By Seth C. Lewis The “HBO of podcasting” finally emerges “2026 is the year podcasting finally gets tired of its own problems.” By Eric Nuzum Exiled journalism’s biggest threat is something more mundane than censorship “In exile, the main pressures became lack of time, limited resources, and absence of long-term support.” By Faisal Karimi Want loyalty? Investing in hard-to-reach audiences will be the key “Journalists will need permission to answer questions and intervene, not just publish and move on.” By Ethar El-Katatney We can’t build the future of journalism while losing the people who build It “Here is the consequence we are not talking about enough: a growing brain drain.” By Lela Savic The year of the network “The more you share across a network, the more signal you get about what works and what doesn’t.” By Andrew Haeg Placemaking will become a priority (again) for local/regional media “It’s crucial that news organizations think about how we tap into local talent to make placemaking a community-wide endeavor and to get — and keep — people civically engaged with their place, and one another.” By Sam Ford The 2025 gift guide for journalists Coffee (faster!), #tradwife murder mysteries, heated mattress pads, Prohibition-era video games, and much more. By Nieman Lab Staff News media is “becoming part of AI systems”: Notes from the JournalismAI Festival 2025 The London conference tackled topics like AI-assisted reporting, article personalization, and deepfake detection. Journalists may see AI as a threat to the industry, but they’re using it anyway Although AI use is now widespread among U.K. journalists, they still see it as much more of a threat than an opportunity. What We’re Reading Semafor / Max Tani What media leaders say they got wrong in 2025 “Surprised that the media industry still collectively freaks out about terrestrial and cable TV so much when YouTube has already ended their relevance.” The New York Times / Michael M. Grynbaum A 60 Minutes report was pulled off the air. Now it’s all over the internet. “After a Canadian television network briefly posted the video on its streaming app on Monday, copies were quickly downloaded and widely shared on social media. 60 Minutes is seen by an average of 10 million viewers a week, and it is not clear if the bootlegged version … will eventually reach a similar audience.” NPR / David Folkenflik CBS News chief Bari Weiss pulls 60 Minutes story on alleged detention center abuse “The correspondent on the story, Sharyn Alfonsi, condemned the decision in an email to 60 Minutes colleagues on Sunday evening, saying she believed it was ‘not an editorial decision, it is a political one.’l Nieman Storyboard / Mark Armstrong Nieman Storyboard Best of 2025, part II Find Part I here . The New Yorker / Nicholas Henriquez The entire New Yorker archive is now fully digitized “All in all, there are more than 31,000 Talk of the Town stories; 2,400 Reporter at Large pieces; more than 13,000 works of fiction and 14,000 poems; 3,000 Letters from everywhere, from Abu Dhabi to Zimbabwe; and 1,500 ‘Annals of’ everything, from ‘haberdashery’ to ‘veterinary medicine.'” The Wall Street Journal / Joanna Stern We let AI run our office vending machine. It lost hundreds of dollars. “Within days, Claudius had given away nearly all its inventory for free — including a PlayStation 5 it had been talked into buying for ‘marketing purposes.’ It ordered a live fish. It offered to buy stun guns, pepper spray, cigarettes and underwear. Profits collapsed. Newsroom morale soared.” The Washington Post / Shane O'Neill “I’m surprised that a journalist would even need to ask me the question of ‘Why didn’t I retouch out the blemishes?’ Because if I had, that would be a lie. I would be hiding the truth of what I saw there.” Christopher Anderson, the photographer behind the extreme close-up portraits in Vanity Fair’s two-part interview series with Trump’s inner circle Vulture / Nicholas Quah Netflix is officially trying to win the podcast wars “Two months after announcing a pact to bring select Spotify shows onto the platform, Netflix unveiled two additional deals this week: one with Dave Portnoy’s Barstool Sports and another with iHeartMedia.” The New Yorker / Kyle Chayka The year in slop “Not all of the content was convincing, but a lot of it came close enough—and, in our increasingly audiovisual digital world, that may turn out to represent a more significant Rubicon than the Turing test.” CNN / Brian Stelter “YouTube broadcasting the Oscars is like shaking hands with the guy who’s trying to kill you.” Screenwriter Daniel Kunka, reacting on X to the news that YouTube had signed a “multi-year deal” for the “exclusive global rights to the Oscars” running from 2029 through 2033. See what else we’re reading → To close out 2025, we asked some of the smartest people we know to predict what 2026 will bring for the future of journalism. Here’s what they had to say. “Your TV station is on fire”: A local TV news “survival guide” calls for stations to prioritize digital…yesterday Politico management violated key AI adoption safeguards, arbitrator finds Why people choose not to share news Rust Belt cities may have shrinking populations, but their newspapers have a big traffic edge over Sun Belt peers Consumer Reports revives a 1940s-era newsletter for cash-strapped Americans on Substack Studies on AI transcription and translation in journalism reveal “low-resource” language gap, new report finds News publishers embrace vertical video with in-app “watch” tabs How The Salt Lake Tribune spent 2025 preparing for a 2026 without subscription revenue What newsroom organizers learned from the years-long strike at the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Nonprofit news outlets don’t need to fear ad sales, my tax research shows Nieman Lab is a project to try to help figure out where the news is headed in the Internet age. Sign up for The Digest , our daily email with all the freshest future-of-journalism news. Subscribe Twitter Facebook RSS About Contact Archives Help advance the Nieman Foundation’s mission “to promote and elevate the standards of journalism” by making a donation . To promote and elevate the standards of journalism Covering thought leadership in journalism Pushing to the future of journalism Exploring the art and craft of story © 2025 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College / Some rights reserved Harvard Trademark Privacy Digital Accessibility Walter Lippmann House One Francis Ave. Cambridge, MA 02138 617 495 2237 The Nieman Journalism Lab is a collaborative attempt to figure out how quality journalism can survive and thrive in the Internet age. It’s a project of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University . Follow us Subscribe to our email Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Download our iPhone app Subscribe via RSS Subscribe to our work → The basics About us Contact Archives Projects Encyclo Fuego Tweet archive About us → Director Joshua Benton Staff writers Justin Ellis Caroline O’Donovan © President and Fellows of Harvard College, unless otherwise noted. Some rights reserved.