Welcome to the Nation's Logistical Support Center | National Interagency Fire Center Skip to main content National Interagency Fire Center All Social Media Contact Us Toggle Font Size Toggle OpenDyslexic Toggle Dyslexia-friendly black-on-creme color scheme Contact Us Keywords Fire Information National Wildland Firefighter Day National Fire News National Fire Year Themes NICC Preparedness Levels International Support Military Support For Media Fire Prevention Hot Topics Wildfire Prevention Wildfire Prevention Videos Wildfire Mitigation Wildfire Education Wildfire Investigation For PAOs Additional Resources PIO Bulletin Board Agency Information Incident Resources for PIOs InciWeb Information PIO Contacts Social Media for PIOs Working with Media and Public Producer’s Guide to Filming InciWeb Maps News Releases Military aircraft equipped with MAFFS mobilized to assist with wildfire suppression Annual aerial wildfire suppression training taking place next week in Southern California Military aircraft equipped with Modular Airborne Firefighting Systems (MAFFS) mobilized to assist with Southern California wildfires Biden-Harris Administration Announces $20 Million is Available to Strengthen Local Governments’ Wildfire Response BLM awards $2.76 million contract for advanced wildfire communication kits as part of Investing in America agenda Military aircraft equipped with MAFFS mobilized to assist with wildfires Situation Report NICC Reports Archives Statistics Suppression Costs Human-caused wildfires Lightning-caused wildfires UAS Incursions Wildfires and acres Our Resources Firefighters Crews Overhead Smokejumpers Incident Management Teams Aircraft Airtankers Helicopters Tactical Aircraft Smokejumper Aircraft Equipment Dozers Engines Water Tenders Caterers Showers National Interagency Incident Communications Division Hotsheet News NIICD Contacts NIICD Documents Avionics Communication Duty Officer Engineering and Development P25 Digital Radios Infrared Branch Phoenix Capabilities and Products Maintenance Communications Operations Rework and Supply Technical Training Supplies Great Basin Cache Accountability Cache Demobilization Cache Vans Contacts Emergency Hiring Forms Ordering Returns Mobilization NICC National Mobilization Guide Taking Care of Our Own Health and Wellbeing Program Employee Assistance Program Critical Incident Stress Management Manager’s Toolkit Peer Support Recruitment Request Support Suicide Prevention Standards Red Book BIA Preparedness Reviews BLM Preparedness Reviews FWS Preparedness Reviews NPS Preparedness Reviews USFS Preparedness Reviews Programs Casual Payment Center Publications Procedures CPC Forms AD Pay Plans Agency Memos Hiring Documents CPC Links Information Technology Interagency Fire Program Management IFPM Standard Human Resources Fire Management Agency Specific BIA BLM FS FWS NPS Archives Contacts Joint Fire Science Program Medical Standards National Incident Management Organization National Wildfire Coordinating Group NICC Post Fire Recovery RAWS Safety Smoke Management Training Veterans Careers Human Resources Human Resources Contacts Benefits eOPF Employee Relations Ethics Forms Permanent Employees Temporary Employees Transfer Employees (within BLM) Transfer Employees (within DOI) Transfer Employees (outside DOI) Jobs and Human Resources Telework OWCP Performance Management Rating Management Retirement Security Manager’s Corner DOI Wildland Fire Jobs USAJOBS BLM Fire Jobs Portal Working in Wildland Fire with NPS USDA Forest Service Job Opportunities About Us What is NIFC? Great Basin Cache Great Basin Smokejumpers NICC Radio Cache Ramp Services RAWS Returns Warehouse Wildland Firefighters Monument NIFC Campus Campus Tour How Do I? Our Partners BIA BLM Recruitment Toolkit Podcasts BLM Aviation Program Administration Aerial Supervision Airspace Helicopters Library Safety SEATs Security Smokejumper Aircraft Training UAS BLM Aviation Support Positions BLM Crews Bonneville Hotshots Chena Hotshots Craig Hotshots Diamond Mountain Hotshots Jackson Hotshots Kern Valley Hotshots Lakeview Hotshots Midnight Sun Hotshots Ruby Mountain Hotshots Snake River Hotshots Vale Hotshots Billings Veteran Crew Devil's Canyon Veteran Crew Folsom Lake Veteran Crew Medford Crew 10 Spokane Veteran Crew Vegas Valley Veteran Crew BLM Wildland Fire Module Unaweep WFM BLM Engine Crews BLM Fire Management BLM Fire Prevention and Education BLM Fire Support BLM Fire Training ATV Drip Torch Fire Vehicle Training Fitness Challenge High Reliability Organizing (HRO) Improving Radio Discipline Leadership Self-Development and IDPs BLM Dispatchers BLM Fire Investigation BLM Fuels Crews BLM Fuels Management Program BLM Fuels Management Projects Community Assistance BLM Helitack Crews BLM Alaska Smokejumpers Great Basin Smokejumpers Information Operations Training Recruitment History Operational Medical Support Program NPS NWS FWS USFS USFA NASF DOD NIFC History Working with  Us Wildland Fire Jobs Public Participation Submit New Innovative Ideas Volunteer Contracting Donations NIFC Help Desk Telephones Wireless IQCS Help Desk Help Desk Links Social Media Media Submission Image Coordination and cooperation in wildland fire management. Learn More Current National Statistics 8 Total New Large Fires 3 Incidents Large Fires Being Suppressed 5,324 Acres Burned in Large Fires Last Updated: Friday, December 26, 2025 - 10:12 * Source for statistics is the Incident Management Situation Report published by the National Interagency Coordination Center . National Fire News National Interagency Coordination Center NIFC Facebook National Fire News: The National Significant Wildland Fire Potential Outlook has been released for the last month of 2025, and the first three months of 2026. 

Fire activity remained at low levels across the U.S. through ... November, although there were periodic slight increases in activity that occurred in the Southern and Eastern Areas, typical of fall. The National Preparedness Level remained at one due to the low level of activity nationally.

Total acres burned through November is below the 10-year average at 69%, but with an above average tally of wildfires of 113%. 

🔥Read the full outlook: https://www.nifc.gov/nicc-files/predictive/outlooks/monthly_seasonal_outlook.pdf #NationalFireNews #FireYear2025 Show More As part of Native American Heritage Month, BIA Forestry and Wildland Fire Management highlights ten years of progress through the Reserve Treaty Rights Lands Program, work that has strengthened forests, protected communities, and ... honored long-standing cultural stewardship. 

NIFC proudly stands with our BIA colleagues, Tribal crews, and partner organizations as we continue forward in shared stewardship to restore and protect these vital lands. Show More National Fire News: November 28, 2025. There are no large fires reported nationwide today. On this holiday weekend, we are thankful for the hardworking fire personnel that protect lives, places, and property all year long, the ... families that stand behind them, and the communities they serve. 

As Native American Heritage Month comes to a close, we are highlighting the success of the BIA Forestry and Wildland Fire Management Reserve Treaty Rights Lands (RTRL) Program. Over the last ten years, Indian country and partners have restored and treated over 131,000 acres, supporting healthier forests, safer communities, and the protection of culturally significant landscapes. The RTRL Program is rooted in history, traditional knowledge, and long-standing cultural practices. Learn more about the RTRL program: https://www.bia.gov/service/fuels-management

Many land managers are focused on fuels management projects, including prescribed burning, throughout the fall. Wildland fire agencies apply a variety of fuels management techniques to reduce the amount of available fuel (vegetation) that fuels unwanted wildfires. By proactively removing fuel, fire agencies are better protecting local communities from risk of wildfire.

🔥More NFN: https://www.nifc.gov/fire-information/nfn #NationalFireNews #FireYear2025 📸The BIA Pine Ridge Agency hazardous fuels reduction module completes a thinning project on the Oglala Sioux Reservation. Photo taken on March 18, 2025, by BIA Pine Ridge Agency Fire Management Officer Tamara Randall. Show More Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at NIFC!

We’re grateful today and every day for wildland firefighters, support personnel, the families who stand behind them, and the communities we serve. #HappyThanksgiving Strong leadership fuels remarkable achievements! Congratulations U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Fire for treating more acres this year than ever before in the program’s history. This week, we’ve highlighted gratitude across the wildland fire community, for those who worked tirelessly on the fireline this year, for those who made the ultimate sacrifice, and for the partnerships that strengthen our ... mission every day. Effective wildland fire response is built on collaboration.

Wildland fire is truly an interagency effort, and we’re grateful for our federal, state, local, and Tribal partners who work alongside us throughout the fire year.

Thank you for your continued dedication, teamwork, and shared commitment to protecting communities and the landscapes we all depend on. Show More As we observe Thanksgiving week, we take time to reflect on the people whose service paved the way for today’s wildland fire community. Here on the NIFC campus stands the Wildland Firefighters Monument, which is in some ways a ... stark contrast to the often-hectic pace here, particularly during a busy fire year.

It's a quiet and serene location with over 350 plaques honoring fallen firefighters and those who dedicated their lives to the wildland fire mission.

As we give thanks this week, we honor their service and legacy. They are never forgotten. Show More Thanksgiving week offers a moment to reflect on Fire Year 2025 and the ongoing work of our wildland firefighters and support personnel as we head into the holiday season.

Thank you to everyone who spent their days fighting ... wildland fires and protecting communities and natural resources. And thank you to those continuing that important work now, whether on prescribed fire, initial attack, or preparing and planning for the year ahead.

Take a look back at the National Fire Year Themes as we approach the last month of 2025: https://www.nifc.gov/fire-information/national-fire-year-themes

Photo from the Monroe Canyon Fire, Utah. Show More Welcome to the Nation's Logistical Support Center The United States federal wildland fire community is more than agencies and acronyms,  it’s a nationwide team of dedicated public servants working together to protect people, communities, and landscapes. This interagency workforce brings together the wildland fire programs of the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and Bureau of Indian Affairs, alongside the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Forest Service. Collectively, they manage wildland fire on nearly 700 million acres of federal public land, about one-fifth of the entire United States. At the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC), these agencies unite with key partners such as the National Association of State Foresters, U.S. Fire Administration, National Weather Service, and Department of Defense. Here, collaboration happens daily, sharing information, shaping policy, and coordinating resources to ensure a unified approach to wildland fire management. In recent years, this shared mission has expanded beyond suppression. Fire management now includes hazardous fuels treatments, integrated fire and land-use planning, and other proactive strategies. These efforts aim not only to stop destructive wildfires, but also to promote healthy, resilient landscapes and safeguard natural resources. By working together, the wildland fire community strives to meet today’s challenges while preparing for tomorrow’s. For Our Firefighters Mobilization Guide Red Book Health and Wellbeing Program Image Image Wildland Fire Jobs Image National Preparedness Levels NIFC Gallery Have a wildland fire photo to share? Send it our way! Submit Your Photo! NIFC Videos National Multi-Agency Coordinating Group National Interagency Coordination Center Predictive Services at the National Interagency Coordination Center www.nifc.gov National Interagency Fire Center 3833 S. Development Avenue Boise, ID 83705-5354 (208) 387-5512 Features NIFC Campus NIFC History Fire Photos Contact Us Information Fire Information Mobilization Guide PIO Bulletin Board Red Book Social Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube LinkedIn About About NIFC FAQ Map and Directions Phone Directory nifc.gov An official website of the Department of the Interior About DOI.gov Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Budget & performance reports Agency financial reports Disclaimer Privacy policy Vulnerability disclosure policy Cummings Act notices Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov The National Interagency Fire Center is committed to making its information and communication technologies accessible to individuals with disabilities by meeting or exceeding the requirements of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. To meet this commitment, we continue to monitor and update our content to make sure our documents meet these standards.