Select your country/region.
You are in our Global Site.
Korea
Change your location
Go
Close
Global
Business
Consumer
About Us
Search
Global Network
Global Navigation
BUSINESS
Products & Solutions
CONSUMER
Products & Services
ABOUT US
Company Information

Aiming to be
"a key technology solutions company in a global society
where humans and machines co-create seamlessly",
Nikon is engaged in a wide range of businesses and initiatives.
The company profile movie can be viewed from here.

Vision 2030

A key technology solutions company in a global society
where humans and machines co-create seamlessly

Our corporate initiatives for achieving Vision 2030.

Vision 2030 magazine

What kind of world will Nikon build? We interview people involved with Nikon and introduce their challenges toward 2030 from various perspectives.

Click here for details
Movie "Vision 2030"

Nikon has been taking on new challenges towards the realization of "Vision 2030". Here, you can learn more about our future envisions through the four areas of value proposition: factory, energy, healthcare, and life & entertainment. (02:08)

Play movie
Nikon's Sustainability

By embodying our corporate philosophy of "Trustworthiness and Creativity" in our business activities, we aim to both contribute to a sustainable society and achieve sustainable growth for our company. Here we present Nikon's sustainability activities in the areas of business, environment, social and labor affairs, and governance.

Click here for details
News
Dec. 22, 2025	
Corporate Information
	Change of Officer's Assignment(PDF:244KB)
Dec. 11, 2025	
Business Products
	Nikon Introduces the Litho Booster 1000, a Next-Generation Alignment Station Designed to Facilitate Breakthrough Overlay Accuracy for Advanced 3D Devices
Dec. 10, 2025	
Business Products
	Launch of “S3S LAB”, a Co-Creation Platform Equipped with Roll-to-Roll Maskless Lithography System
Nov. 26, 2025	
Business Products
	Nikon releases new lightweight and compact model of robot vision system
Nov. 6, 2025	
Investor Relations
	2Q of the Year Ending March 2026 Financial Results/Financial and Business Data/Financial Results of Presentation Material have been reported.
See All News
Important Announcement
News
Updates
RSS Feeds
Social Media Accounts
Contacts
Privacy Management
Website Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Cookie Notice
Cookie Settings
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

© 2025 Nikon Corporation

This website uses cookies to improve your experience by anonymously collecting browsing data. Cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. For further details, please check ourcookie notice

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies