Swiss-made Cloud Mastery - Nine Skip to main content Skip to menu Skip to footer Land safely in the cloud with Nine Status Support Documentation Search for: English German Go to Cockpit Primary Menu Products Blog Case Studies About Us Expertise Team References Events Infrastructure Careers Price Calculator Contact Go to Cockpit Product Categories All Datacentre & Storage Operations & Services Platform Products Supplementary Solutions Managed Kubernetes We don’t just manage your Kubernetes cluster, we provide a fully maintained open-source software stack… Read more Managed Server You would like to successfully run your website and application without worrying about managing your… Read more Deploio As a future-oriented app engine, we simplify the deployment and management of web applications. Why… Read more Root Dedicated Server & CloudVM Using our Root Dedicated Servers, you benefit from our powerful infrastructure on two independent sites… Read more GPU Server You would like to run a Large Language Model (LLM) that works with human language… Read more Databases Whatever you are looking for in a database, we have it. Are you in need… Read more Blog Categories All Behind the scenes Know-how Miscellaneous Product news Team news Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #26 Our fourth and last TechTalkThursday in 2025 – it was number 26 of our event… Read more Retirement of the ingress-nginx Project We're currently working on a proper strategy relating to the upcoming retirement of the ingress-nginx… Read more Why You Can Trust Our Servers To Be Fundamentally Secure In the digital world, server security is not a “nice-to-have” but one of the cornerstones… Read more Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #25 Our third TechTalkThursday in 2025 – it was number 25 of our event series –… Read more «Digital = Emission-Free?» «Digitalisation is the path to a sustainable future.» This statement applies in many areas –… Read more Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #24 Our second TechTalkThursday this year was number 24 of the event series and took place… Read more Case Study Categories All Platform Products Supplementary Solutions Peak Privacy We supported Peak Privacy in designing and building a specialized server infrastructure for LLM inference.… Read more Renuo AG We helped Renuo AG to smoothly transition everything that was running on Heroku to Deploio,… Read more mühlemann+popp We helped mühlemann+popp to smoothly realise the migration from the Google Cloud to the Nine… Read more healthinal We supported healthinal with the implementation of a new monitoring system based on Managed Kubernetes.… Read more Valencia Kommunikation We have been instrumental in helping cab to implement an outstanding hosting solution that offers… Read more Stadler Form We helped Stadler Form to find the right technical solution. At the same time, there… Read more Search for: Products Platform Products Operations & Services Datacentre & Storage Supplementary Solutions Blog Retirement of the ingress-nginx Project Why You Can Trust Our Servers To Be Fundamentally Secure Compliance as a Competitive Advantage: How We Meet the Highest Data Protection Requirements From Zero to Infra: Building a Production-Ready Setup Using Our API & Ansible Case Studies Peak Privacy Renuo AG mühlemann+popp healthinal About Us Expertise Team References Events Infrastructure Careers Price Calculator Contact Get started Status Support Documentation English German Swiss-made Cloud Mastery Unleash your business potential with Nine’s application and platform management. Managed by experts, designed for your success. Get started Explore Trusted by What we do Everything you need for your applications Expert-managed infrastructure We take care of your applications and platforms through continuous monitoring. Custom cloud solutions All our products and services can be tailored to your exact needs. Focus on your core business Your cloud management is in safe hands, so you can focus on your strengths. Application and Website Monitoring As a Swiss cloud provider, we make sure that all your instances are continuously available, and that your applications are running smoothly. In case of an incident, we let you know ASAP and actively engage in recovering any errors. Strong DevOps Culture From traditional hosting to DevOps, we have you covered with our Swiss cloud services. Aside from colocation and managed hosting, we also offer container platforms and our new application engine Deploio , to name but a few of our services. With the help of our customer service team and dedicated support documentation, you can easily incorporate continuous integration and deployment best practices into your processes. Certified Professionals We are ISO 27001 and ISO 9001 certified, which means that our quality and safety standards are substantially higher when compared with other companies. Even though we wouldn’t always recommend relying on certificates – when working with us, you can. Your own cockpit Get in the Driver’s Seat Our cockpit gives you the ability to manage many of Nine’s products in one place. You’re in charge – customise your products and services, enhance them with additional tools, or get solutions to any queries that come up while using our products. Go to Cockpit Contact Sales Our most recent products What we have to offer Categories Datacentre & Storage Operations & Services Platform Products Supplementary Solutions Managed Kubernetes We don’t just manage your Kubernetes cluster, we provide a fully maintained… Read more Managed Server You would like to successfully run your website and application without worrying… Read more Deploio As a future-oriented app engine, we simplify the deployment and management of… Read more Root Dedicated Server & CloudVM Using our Root Dedicated Servers, you benefit from our powerful infrastructure on… Read more GPU Server You would like to run a Large Language Model (LLM) that works… Read more Databases Whatever you are looking for in a database, we have it. Are… Read more SLA A Service Level Agreement (SLA) regulates recurring services, as well as the… Read more Object Storage Our S3-compatible Object Storage continually adapts to your storage needs. Take advantage… Read more Colocation & Server Housing You would like to place your hardware somewhere safe and know it… Read more Managed Caches Caching can be described as storing data in a temporary location –… Read more Managed Shibboleth You would like to implement user authentication and authorisation with Shibboleth, but… Read more Managed Solr Solr is the ideal addition to your content management system: It can… Read more Managed OpenSearch OpenSearch is an open-source search and analytics suite that is community-driven and… Read more vCluster Virtual clusters have their own API server, which makes them much more… Read more Cloudflare Our team expertly configures, manages, and integrates the powerful solutions of Cloudflare… Read more PeakPrivacy API for Nine Customers With the drop-in replacement, you simply replace the OpenAI URL with ours.… Read more Computing Comprehensive Computing Solutions Whether colocation, housing, root & cloud servers, managed virtual & dedicated servers or container solutions – we make sure they suit your exact needs. Whatever you require, we have it, or can make it happen for you. Products SLAs Additional Guarantees and Services With our Service Level Agreements (SLAs), we aim to ensure transparency for agreed services, and to offer additional guarantees, such as shorter response times or further application monitoring. SLAs Security Secure Connections for Any Infrastructure Services such as VPN, CloudFlare, DDoS Protection and Web Application Firewall not only protect your whole system but also guarantee a fast and reliable website delivery. Raise your efficiency with our services and our Swiss cloud infrastructure. Security We’re here for you Our team of over 30 experts are committed to ensuring the availability of your applications. Leave the management of your infrastructure to us, so you can focus on your core business. Team Contact Support Case studies What we’ve done for our customers Peak Privacy We supported Peak Privacy in designing and building a specialized server infrastructure for LLM inference. The process was characterized by close collaboration, including intensive idea exchange and joint problem-solving, where the specific expertise of both partners was used optimally to align the hardware precisely with the software requirements. Peak Privacy Renuo AG We helped Renuo AG to smoothly transition everything that was running on Heroku to Deploio, our own «Platform as a Service» solution that transforms Git repositories into applications. In addition to providing support during the migration, we are also constantly improving our product based on their input. So, what has started with a single Slack message is now one of our most-valued partnerships. Renuo AG Testimonials What clients say «Working with Nine was a real stroke of luck. We finally found a partner in Switzerland who not only understands our specific needs for LLM inference but also has the technical expertise to build a perfectly tailored, high-performance, and cost-attractive server solution. It was a game changer for us.» Fabio Duò Founder «Cloud yes, but preferably in Switzerland from a Swiss company with capable engineers, not just Amazon resellers – that’s what we get with Deploio. It handles the infrastructure, is located in Switzerland, and the people at Nine do their jobs very well. I never had to kick in any doors at Stauffacher Square.» Josua Schmid CTO «Nine supported us perfectly with their Managed Kubernetes solution to migrate our customer’s application from Google Cloud to a purely Swiss infrastructure.» Silvan Mühlemann CTO & Co-Founder «Thanks to the collaboration with Nine, we can concentrate on what we do best: Developing software solutions for the healthcare sector. The infrastructure runs securely and reliably in the background so that we can offer our customers the best solutions. With Nine, we have a strong, local and reliable partner at our side.» Moritz Habegger CTO «Over the past 15 years, the collaboration with Nine has always impressed us. They not only offer us an excellent hosting solution, but also competent support in all matters.» Manuel Bloch Executive Data Officer & Senior Digital Consultant «The hosting switch to Nine was a complete success: our online shop performs much better and our customers can look forward to a much better online experience.» Samuel Wyss Director of E-Commerce «Nine is the ideal partner and impresses with its expertise, competence, reliability and exceptionally strong support, offering us an all-round successful solution that is convincing from A to Z.» Lukas Lehmann Co-Founder «We can highly recommend Nine as an uncomplicated, highly professional provider.» Dominik Eisterer Managing Director «I would like to thank the whole Nine team. Their support during the migration was excellent. Thanks to their flexibility, we were able to complete the PROD deployment in a very short time.» Tomasz Banaszewski Senior Software Engineer « Nine helps us to succeed, we feel on the same side. It’s a pleasure to work with Nine. » Lorenzo de Micheli Software Developer «From our point of view, the realization of the new hosting solution ran perfectly; with Nine, we had a very cooperative, proactive and responsive partner. Our requirements were and continue to be readily understood and implemented.» Roland Looser Responsible for Web/Print «The transition to GKE was made smoother by Nine’s out of the box monitoring and deployment solutions for Kubernetes.» Ciro Larrazabal Senior Software Engineer «Nine led the project and was able to support us well with expertise.» Pius Kaeppeli Managing Director «It’s a good sign that I need to look up nine’s phone number when I have a question – as long as I don’t know the number off by heart, that means I don’t have any problems with my product. It just works, and that’s exactly what you want from your provider.» Stefan Burri Head of Informatics Operations «Thanks to containerization, we can divide our application CASAONE into small, efficient packages which we can in turn optimize, monitor and scale individually. At the same time, we have been able to optimize our processes and make them leaner, which has led to enhanced transparency for the collaboration between teams, and has improved communication. Nine’s competent advice has enabled a fast implementation.» Jens Stalder Full Stack Web Developer «Nine is quick and uncomplicated – just like la Mobilière itself. The collaboration was enjoyable, and we appreciate the professional way they worked. But we found the direct and open lines of communication with nine to be just as important.» Fabian Buser Networking Specialist «I really appreciate the very high availability and convenient scaling options. Together with the rapidity of support, this is very impressive. We initially had very specific, technical requirements, which Nine implemented in a highly professional manner and with the right solutions in each case.» Thomas Imboden Head of Technology RCE «Our collaboration with nine went off without a hitch. The servers run very smoothly, and all support requests were resolved quickly. This continues to be the case today. Communication about new products and new versions works well too, which means we are always up to date on all changes.» Robert de Heer Head of Product Development Classifieds «The collaboration with Nine sales and engineers has been very pleasant and we are happy with its result. The new solution makes our daily business much easier and we pay only for what we use.  There is no need for our IT to deal extensively with Kubernetes topics as Nine is taking care of the Kubernetes operations, including backups and software updates.» Felix Stocker CEO Blog What we’ve written about View all Miscellaneous 9 mins read Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #26 Our fourth and last TechTalkThursday in 2025 – it was number 26 of our event series – took place on the 2nd of December 2025 at 6PM… Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #26 Product news 5 mins read Retirement of the ingress-nginx Project We're currently working on a proper strategy relating to the upcoming retirement of the ingress-nginx project, which is scheduled for March 2026. While we are very much… Retirement of the ingress-nginx Project Know-how 4 mins read Why You Can Trust Our Servers To Be Fundamentally Secure In the digital world, server security is not a “nice-to-have” but one of the cornerstones of a smooth operation. As a customer of a managed service provider,… Why You Can Trust Our Servers To Be Fundamentally Secure Miscellaneous 10 mins read Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #25 Our third TechTalkThursday in 2025 – it was number 25 of our event series – took place on the 4th of September 2025 at 6PM in our… Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #25 Know-how 4 mins read «Digital = Emission-Free?» «Digitalisation is the path to a sustainable future.» This statement applies in many areas – but it is still worth taking a closer look: even if there… «Digital = Emission-Free?» Miscellaneous 9 mins read Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #24 Our second TechTalkThursday this year was number 24 of the event series and took place on the 5th of June 2025 at 6PM in our office. We… Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #24 Know-how 3 mins read Compliance as a Competitive Advantage: How We Meet the Highest Data Protection Requirements Data protection is no longer just a «nice to have» – for many organisations, it has become an indispensable core element of their compliance strategy. This is… Compliance as a Competitive Advantage: How We Meet the Highest Data Protection Requirements Know-how 10 mins read From Zero to Infra: Building a Production-Ready Setup Using Our API & Ansible One common pattern we've observed at Nine is that many of our customers run web applications — think content management systems, web shops, dashboards, or custom APIs.… From Zero to Infra: Building a Production-Ready Setup Using Our API & Ansible Miscellaneous 6 mins read Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #23 The first TechTalkThursday in 2025 – and number 23 of the event series – took place on the 6th of March 2025 at 6PM in our office.… Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #23 Miscellaneous 7 mins read Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #22 Our TechTalkThursday #22 took place on the 5th of Dezember 2024 at 6PM in our office. We were happy to welcome two external speakers and one 9er… Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #22 Problems? Ask our support. Go to Support Contact Sales Talk to one of our experts Do you have any questions about our products? Either contact Sales or go directly to your cockpit to see all the possibilities at Nine. Contact Sales Go to Cockpit Address: Badenerstrasse 47, 8004 Zurich, Switzerland Contact: +41 44 637 40 40 info@nine.ch Products Managed Kubernetes Managed Server Deploio Root Dedicated Server & CloudVM GPU Server Articles Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #26 Retirement of the ingress-nginx Project Why You Can Trust Our Servers To Be Fundamentally Secure Looking Back on Our TechTalkThursday #25 «Digital = Emission-Free?» Case studies Peak Privacy Renuo AG mühlemann+popp healthinal Valencia Kommunikation © 2025 Nine. All rights reserved. Team Expertise References Events Infrastructure Careers Price Calculator Privacy Policy Disclaimer GTC Acceptable Use Policy FAQs