NING uses cookies to ensure the best user experience on the website and guarantee its flawless performance. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. Click here for details or close this window.

Accept
FEATURES
THEMES
PRICING
PLATFORM
MONETIZATION
NEW
MORE
ENG
Log in
 Get started
Create a so
with a customized community management and social media integration
TRY IT NOW!
Watch video
Get Started
1
2
3
Build your social website
to promote your ideas

Be loud - share your ideas, target the right people, and raise awareness. With NING's help, you will be able to effectively promote any network, be it a political, music, religious, arts, or any other type of online communities. Here you can connect with partners and donors for charitable purposes, or conduct fundraising.

Design your social network
to go visible

Be vivid - create your own visual design, generate catchy content, and build trust. NING offers the possibility to create a community with a customized look and feel. Our team is here to back you up even with the most challenging initiatives.

Grow your community
to monetize your ideas

Be sharp - invite members, create different groups, and hold various events around your interests. All the most powerful features are already inside to afford ground for your efforts` monetization. Just make a community on NING social platform, and put your ideas into practice!

Master web monetization
with NING E-commerce

Create your personal social network and get ready to make money with its help. With NING, traffic monetization is no longer a fantasy. Monetize your blog, monetize your website, monetize your social media! It's all in your hands now thanks to NING’s new E-commerce platform.

Read more
Trusted by NING's loyal friends

Communities of any kind find their place on NING.
See why they trust us - and follow their lead in bringing your creative ideas to reality!

Previous
Hat Academy
http://hatacademy.com

Hat Academy brings the classic millinery tradition into the digital era via their video tutorials on hat making, and a passionate community captivated by tastefully bold toppers. From tricks of the trade, to tools of the craft - they’re curating it all, and allow you to access and draw inspiration from creatives worldwide.

ThisIs50
http://www.thisis50.com/

“This is 50” is not just the famous song of the rap god. It’s an official fan club of 50 cent turned into the top entertainment community, where members can get exclusive content, to buy one-of-a-kind autographed things, and even get a chance to work with 50 cent. It could never be easier to give your two cents on the industry of music. Here you can give all fifty.

ISKCON Desire Tree
http://www.iskcondesiretree.com/

Spreading the practice of bhakti yoga and spreading the idea of peace? The origin of ISKCON, known as Hari Krishna movement, lies in Hinduism. It’s an open society for people who believe in love and fraternity. Taking care of social, economic and environmental sustainability, they became the real ambassadors of peace in the world.

CULytics
http://culytics.com/

There are close to 6000 Credit Unions in the nation and they are struggling to manage their data, get insights and use this information to drive member engagement. The goal of CULytics is to bring peers from the Credit Union industry together to help them drive real outcomes by excelling in data management and getting insights to compete better in the market.

Hat Academy
http://hatacademy.com

Hat Academy brings the classic millinery tradition into the digital era via their video tutorials on hat making, and a passionate community captivated by tastefully bold toppers. From tricks of the trade, to tools of the craft - they’re curating it all, and allow you to access and draw inspiration from creatives worldwide.

ThisIs50
http://www.thisis50.com/

“This is 50” is not just the famous song of the rap god. It’s an official fan club of 50 cent turned into the top entertainment community, where members can get exclusive content, to buy one-of-a-kind autographed things, and even get a chance to work with 50 cent. It could never be easier to give your two cents on the industry of music. Here you can give all fifty.

ISKCON Desire Tree
http://www.iskcondesiretree.com/

Spreading the practice of bhakti yoga and spreading the idea of peace? The origin of ISKCON, known as Hari Krishna movement, lies in Hinduism. It’s an open society for people who believe in love and fraternity. Taking care of social, economic and environmental sustainability, they became the real ambassadors of peace in the world.

CULytics
http://culytics.com/

There are close to 6000 Credit Unions in the nation and they are struggling to manage their data, get insights and use this information to drive member engagement. The goal of CULytics is to bring peers from the Credit Union industry together to help them drive real outcomes by excelling in data management and getting insights to compete better in the market.

Hat Academy
http://hatacademy.com

Hat Academy brings the classic millinery tradition into the digital era via their video tutorials on hat making, and a passionate community captivated by tastefully bold toppers. From tricks of the trade, to tools of the craft - they’re curating it all, and allow you to access and draw inspiration from creatives worldwide.

ThisIs50
http://www.thisis50.com/

“This is 50” is not just the famous song of the rap god. It’s an official fan club of 50 cent turned into the top entertainment community, where members can get exclusive content, to buy one-of-a-kind autographed things, and even get a chance to work with 50 cent. It could never be easier to give your two cents on the industry of music. Here you can give all fifty.

ISKCON Desire Tree
http://www.iskcondesiretree.com/

Spreading the practice of bhakti yoga and spreading the idea of peace? The origin of ISKCON, known as Hari Krishna movement, lies in Hinduism. It’s an open society for people who believe in love and fraternity. Taking care of social, economic and environmental sustainability, they became the real ambassadors of peace in the world.

Next
More stories
Start a professional social community
with minimum effort
No coding needed

You don’t have to be a developer - our drag-and-drop network builder empowers you to easily create a professional website in a blink of an eye.

Social integration

Sign up with Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Google and more. Pull in content from other social media and RSS feeds into your Activity Feed, to enrich multichannel communication.

Custom design

Want to get a mind-blowing design for your social community? Customize your network with HTML and CSS. Don’t know how to code? We will embody your wildest ideas!

24/7 support

Don’t know how to set up something? Or cannot find the answer in online Help Center? Contact us via email, live chat, or call us - 24/7 customer service will help you with any issue.

Basic features toolkit

We’ve integrated such features as Analytics, Groups, along with Blogs, Photos, Videos, Forums, and many more. If you want any extras - we are open to your suggestions!

Monetization option

Thinking about making money with your community? Our e-commerce module is a goldmine that allows you to drive traffic, convert visitors, sell products, post ads to monetize your network.

Helping Charitable Organizations
get their voice heard in the society

NING is here to make sure you have all the means to deliver your message and the shortcuts to do it fast. Our special offer for nonprofits presents a large opportunity to raise awareness, attract more members, build trust, and bring social value to the masses. Under the individual terms, nonprofit organizations will be able to focus on their mission - with all means to contribute to a better future.

$390B
given to charitable causes in 2016
72%
of giving comes from individuals
$60B
given to education charity
1,5M
charitable organizations in the US
32%
of donations go to religious organizations
2,000,000+ NETWORKS

have been built to date using NING!

Start Now
Product
What is NING
Features
Pricing Plan
Referral program
Resources
NING Blog
Customer Story
Creators Network
Solution Providers
Support
Help Center
Contact Support
Developer Network
Company
About NING
Contact Us
Careers
ENG
Follow us
Powered by
Privacy Policy Create business website Terms of Service Copyright 2025