Ninja UK - Kitchen Appliances | Blenders, Air Fryers, Grills & More It appears that your browser has JavaScript disabled. This Website requires your browser to be JavaScript enabled. Please enable JavaScript and reload this page. It appears that your browser has cookies disabled. The website requires your browser to enable cookies in order to login. Please enable cookies and reload this page. 0% finance available on baskets over £99 Learn More Subject to status. Terms and Conditions apply Register My Guarantee Customer Care Sign In | Register Toggle navigation OFFERS Air Fryers Air Fryers Air Fryers NEW! CRISPi Portable Air Fryers Dual Zone Air Fryers Health Grills & Air Fryers Speedi Rapid Cooker & Air Fryer Air Fryer Parts and Accessories Cooking Cooking Appliances Pressure & Multi-cookers Slow Cookers Ovens Speedi Rapid Cooker & Air Fryer ProChef Thermometer Cooking Parts and Accessories Coffee Coffee Coffee Machines Ninja Luxe Café Coffee Machine Parts and Accessories Blenders & Food Prep Blenders & Food Prep Food Processors Blenders Portable Blenders Hand Blenders Soup Maker Juicers Choppers ProChef Thermometer All Parts and Accessories Kitchenware Kitchenware Kettles and Toasters Cookware Bakeware Knives Bottles Kitchenware Parts and Accessories Frozen Treats Frozen Treats CREAMi Ice Cream Makers CREAMi Scoop & Swirl Slush Machines CREAMi Ice Cream Maker Parts and Accessories Outdoor Outdoor Discover Ninja Outdoor Electric BBQ Electric Outdoor Oven Coolers Outdoor Cooking Parts and Accessories Sign In | Register Customer Care Register My Guarantee Offers Air Fryers Blenders Knives Coffee Machines Cookware Slush Machines Ice Cream Makers Outdoor Parts & Accessories Ninja Kitchen Appliances The UK's No.1 Air Fryer & Multi-Cooker Brand* Shop all offers Ninja Kitchen Appliances The UK's No.1 Air Fryer & Multi-Cooker Brand* Shop all offers Upgrade Your Winter Shop all offers Fast, Free Delivery (over £30) 7 Days a Week* Terms Apply Fast, Free Delivery - 7 Days a Week* Terms Apply We know life is busy, so our delivery service is designed to fit around you. Get Fast, Free Delivery every day, including weekends** – plus, flexible options to make receiving your order easy and convenient. Here's how it works: We'll keep you updated - just enter a phone number or email address at checkout to receive order updates and tracking You'll get a 1-hour delivery time slot, so you won't have to wait around Please note, a delivery charge of £3.50 will apply on orders under £30 in value. *On main units. **On orders of £30 or more. Parts & accessories are delivered by Royal Mail 2nd Class or Evri. Excludes Bank Holidays We are currently unable to deliver to BFPO addresses. Unfortunately, next day delivery and weekend deliveries are not available in some postcode areas, please click ‘More Info’ to view the list of excluded postcodes. Close More Info We are currently unable to deliver to BFPO addresses.
                    Unfortunately, next day delivery and weekend deliveries are
                    not available in some postcode areas, please click ‘More
                    Info’ to view the list of excluded postcodes. Up to 2-Year Guarantee* Confidence in our design and quality Up to 2-Year Guarantee* - Confidence in our design and
                    quality We're sure you'll love your new Ninja - enjoy a free
                    guarantee of up to 2 years* for total peace of mind. Here's how it works: We pride ourselves on premium quality and performance – all Ninja products are engineered in-house and developed to solve your real-life kitchen challenges. When you buy directly from Ninja, your warranty is automatically registered, so there's nothing for you to do. If you purchase from another retailer, you'll need to register your product within 28 days of purchase. Need help with your product? Visit our Customer Support section Close More Info *Upon registration with Ninja. Duration may vary, see products for details. Pay-in-3 Shop now, pay later with Klarna Pay-in-3 - Shop now, pay later with Klarna Klarna brings you new ways to pay at checkout. Here's how it works: Add products to your cart and select "Klarna" when you
                      checkout Enter a few personal details and you'll know instantly if
                      you're approved Klarna will send you an email confirmation and reminders
                      when it's time to pay and you can manage your orders and
                      payments in the Klarna app Close More Info Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit
                    agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying
                    late may negatively impact your financial status and ability
                    to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only. Subject to status.
                    Late fees may apply. Ts&Cs apply. 30-Day Returns Free returns on main units 30-Day Returns - Free returns on main units Here's what you need to do: Click on My Account, view your orders, click ‘Return’ on
                      the relevant order, and follow the on-screen instructions. You will be sent an email with a link to download your
                      return label - box up your return, attach your label and
                      take it to a DPD pick-up shop. We'll take care of the rest. Close More Info WHAT'S HOT Discover our trending products Upgrade Your Winter Designed to refresh the everyday this season.​ Save up to £50 Shop now Blast Portable Blenders Get the power of Ninja blending anywhere Shop now New! Ninja Swirl by CREAMi Learn More Shop now New! Ninja Luxe Café Pro "Effortlessly Great Coffee No Fuss, Just Flavour" Alison, Surrey - Verified Purchaser. Learn More Shop now Ninja CRISPi A clearly different way to cook with the 4-in-1 portable glass
                air fryer cooking system. Learn More Shop now View our current offers Shop now Shop the Ranges Air Fryers More than an Air Fryer. Cook using little or no oil. Get creative with multiple cooking functions, create mix-and-match meals with Dual Zone Technology, or unlock extra capacity with FlexDrawer. Shop Air Fryers Outdoor Cooking & Coolers Explore the world of outdoor cooking Take the kitchen outdoors with the Ninja Woodfire range, whether you're grilling a quick weeknight meal al fresco, hosting a BBQ with friends, or bringing the pizzeria to your garden. Shop Outdoor Multi-cookers One pot does the lot! Discover even more exciting ways to cook your favourite meals with innovative Ninja Foodi SmartLid Multi-cookers and original Ninja Foodi Multi-cookers. Shop Multi-cookers Slow Cookers Slow cooking, made easy. Take one pot meals to the next level with slow cooking. Ninja’s versatile slow cookers are designed with versatility in mind, allowing you to enjoy low-effort meals that are big on flavour. Shop Slow Cookers Ovens Quickly cook your favourite meals and snacks with Ninja countertop ovens, featuring super-fast preheat and multiple functions including air fry, bake, roast and more. Easily create pizza, chips, toasties and other family favourites. Shop Ovens Slush Machines Create one-touch frozen drinks at home with your own slush machine. Say goodbye to blending and hello to simple, refreshing drinks with the Ninja SLUSHi. Shop Slush Machines Coffee Machines Café-quality drinks, without the guesswork. Discover Luxe Café Premiere, the espresso, rapid cold brew maker and filter coffee machine that helps you create an exciting range of barista-quality hot and cold drinks in minutes. Shop Coffee Machines Kitchen Knives Starts sharp, stays sharp. Discover durable, precision kitchen knives and at-home sharpening solutions from Ninja, delivering continuously sharp performance, time after time. Shop Knives Cookware Why settle for non-stick when you can have ZEROSTICK? Perfect for confident cooks and beginner chefs alike, Ninja ZEROSTICK cookware is durable, long-lasting and designed to give you complete confidence in your cooking. Shop Cookware Bakeware Unlike some non-stick bakeware that may quickly loses its effectiveness, Ninja bakeware is designed to deliver every time. Discover baking trays, cake and loaf tins and much more, perfect for baking sweet and savoury treats. Shop Bakeware Kettles & Toasters From temperature control for the perfect brew to transforming your toaster into a grill & panini press, Ninja electric kettles and toasters are packed with features—perfect for breakfast and beyond. Shop Kettles & Toasters ProChef Wireless Thermometer Heat resistant. Reliable. Long-lasting battery. The durable, app-connected meat thermometer with extended  battery life and ability to withstand temperatures up to 370°C Shop Thermometers Indoor Grills More than a Grill. Create authentic chargrilled results indoors before transforming your grill into an air fryer in order to cook crispy fried food using little to no oil. Shop Grills Blenders Quick, easy, delicious. Enjoy crushed-ice cocktails, fresh smoothies, sauces, dips and desserts at the touch of a button. Make enough to share with a multi-serve jug blender, or choose a 2-in-1 model with an integrated personal blender to blend in the cup and enjoy on-the-go. Shop Blenders Juicers A better way to juice at home. With a Ninja juicer machine, you can easily create freshly squeezed cold press juice at home, free from additives. From bold ginger shots to carrot juice, smooth or with bits, enjoy your own personal home juice bar. Shop Juicers Ice Cream & Dessert Makers Discover a new way to create homemade ice cream, frozen desserts and more. Create and customise delicious treats, exactly as you like them. From gelato to milkshakes, sorbet to smoothie bowls. Shop Ice Cream Makers Travel Mugs Discover a better way to enjoy hot drinks on-the-go with Ninja Sip Perfect travel mug. Add your favourite hot drink and enjoy a sippable temperature in no time. Available in 5 on-trend colours and 2 sizes. Shop Travel Mugs Drinks Bottles Hot, cold, still or sparkling – savour every sip with Ninja Thirsti Travel Bottle range – designed for any drink. In five modern matte colours and 2 different sizes.. Shop Drinks Bottles See it in action See how others are putting their Ninja products to use and share your experiences with #ninjakitchenuk or tag us @ninjakitchenuk *UK market data, all air fryer sales by value (May ‘22 – April ‘23) and all multicooker sales by volume (April ‘22 – Mar ‘23) Processing, please wait. Adding to your basket - won't be a moment... Continuing with your purchase... Heading to the checkout... Ninja® Kitchen About Ninja Black Friday Awards & Accreditations Reviews SharkNinja Careers Work With Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Connected Devices Privacy Notice Accessibility Notice UK Modern Slavery Statement Recycling Gender Pay Gap - 2021/22 Gender Pay Gap - 2022/23 Consumer Rights Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Cookie Notice Cookie Settings Media Enquiries Where To Buy Coming Soon New Product Releases My Ninja Register My Guarantee Log in Need Help? Customer Care FAQs Contact Us Recipes & Tips Energy Efficient Cooking Small Kitchen Ideas Ideas for Packing Lunch Cooking Away From Home DualZone Technology Deep Fat Fryer vs Hot Air Fryer Orders & Payments Delivery & Returns - We are currently offering free UK mainland delivery on all online orders over £30 PayPal Credit Klarna Price Match Guarantee Guarantee Discount Student Discount Follow Us Join Our Mailing List Keep me updated with offers, rewards and what's new at Ninja - Enjoy 10% off your next purchase* when you sign up for emails Submit *Offer valid for new email subscribers only © Ninja Kitchen 2025. Ninja® is a registered trademark of SharkNinja Operating LLC Finance provided by PayPal Credit. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only, SharkNinja Europe Ltd. (postal address: 3150 Century Way, Leeds, LS15 8ZB) acts as a broker and offers finance from PayPal Credit, PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal UK Ltd, 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.