Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Careers
 Shop
 Contact
Search NIST
Publications
What We Do
Labs & Major Programs
Services & Resources
News & Events
About NIST
Video background with quick clips showing a variety of NIST scientists at work as well as campus shots.
Driving Innovation

From developing precise atomic clocks to creating encryption standards to supporting manufacturing, NIST plays a crucial role in advancing technology.

What we do

From nanoscale devices that power the most advanced microchips to earthquake-resistant skyscrapers, NIST’s measurements and research fuel innovation and improve the quality of life for all Americans. We provide support and resources to U.S. manufacturing, helping to grow our economy and ensure our national security.

Discover how our work makes America safer, healthier and more prosperous.

Artificial Intelligence
Bioscience
Cybersecurity and Privacy
Energy
Manufacturing
Next-Gen Communications
Quantum Science
Standards
See more topics
CHIPS for America
Investments in innovation, resilience and a more competitive American future | Learn more
NIST in your STATE

Did you know that NIST’s work supports key sectors in every state?

Learn more
What’s new
NIST Physicists Bring Unruly Molecules to the Quantum Party
Count on NIST to Provide Well-Measured Holiday Cheer
NIST Launches Centers for AI in Manufacturing and Critical Infrastructure
Securing Smart Speakers for Home Health Care: NIST Offers New Guidelines 
Tap for ID: Your Next Driver’s License Might Also Live on Your Phone
December 17, 2025
Draft NIST Guidelines Rethink Cybersecurity for the AI Era
December 16, 2025
What Time Is It on Mars? NIST Physicists Have the Answer.
December 1, 2025
Software Library Helps Law Enforcement Catch Dangerous Criminals
December 10, 2025
See NIST News
America’s national measurement institute

NIST is the National Metrology Institute for the United States, also known as an NMI. Everything you use in your everyday life works because of measurements. Without precise measurements, your car wouldn’t run, your phone wouldn’t work, and hospitals couldn’t function. We maintain the measurements that make industry and society work. Learn more about our unique role in the national — and global — economy.

FAQ
Standards and Measurements
How NIST’s Measurements Work for You
NIST in your inbox

Stay up to date with the latest news from NIST. Sign up for our Tech Beat newsletter or to get news about your favorite research topics.

Sign Up
Was this page helpful?
HEADQUARTERS
100 Bureau Drive
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
301-975-2000

Webmaster | Contact Us | Our Other Offices

X.com
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Giphy
RSS Feed
Mailing List
How are we doing? Feedback
Site Privacy  Accessibility  Privacy Program  Copyrights  Vulnerability Disclosure  No Fear Act Policy  FOIA  Environmental Policy  Scientific Integrity  Information Quality Standards  Commerce.gov  Science.gov  USA.gov  Vote.gov