Nitro Type
Teacher Portal
Play Now
Log In
Accelerate Your Typing Skills

Trusted by teachers, loved by students: Nitro Type makes typing practice feel like winning, not work.

Play Now
New Users
Log In
Have an Account?
Turbo-Charged for the Classroom

The Teacher Portal revs up the Nitro experience by providing educators with comprehensive safety controls, classroom management, and straightforward measurement of students' performance.

TEACHERS
Built for Learning

From the creators of Typing.com, Nitro Type is a free, school-safe game built to accelerate typing skill development.

While Typing.com teaches students how to type, Nitro Type's engaging, competitive format rapidly builds speed and accuracy through repeated practice.

Learn about Teacher Portal
Students love this app, and it's a great incentive to get them interested in improving their typing skills!
Lauren W.
Teaches grade 6
I_Love_2_Type
A Need for Speed
73 wpm
The_Car_Collector
Turbo Typer
67 wpm
MsTypingTeacher
Typing like a cheetah
46 wpm
100% Classroom Safe
No real names. No chat. Fully protected for student use.
Boost Test Performance
Research shows faster typing improves students' scores on standardized assessments.
Teacher Control
The Teacher Portal lets you manage access, track progress, run reports, and keep students focused.
Fueling the World's Fastest Typists
7 million
Monthly Students
70 million
Monthly Races
37,000+
Active Teachers
100+
Countries
What our community says!

Students who love Nitro Type, LOVE NITRO TYPE! Don’t believe us? Check out our amazing community below!

My students LOVE NitroType. It has really helped them improve their typing skills.
Phillip W.
Teaches many grades
Students love this app, and it's a great incentive to get them interested in improving their typing skills!
Lauren W.
Teaches grades 6, 7, 8
Excellent reinforcement of keyboarding skills, my students love the challenges!
Mary H.
Teaches grade 8
Nitro is an exciting way to allow students the opportunity to learn typing skills and be competitive at the same time.
Michelle M.
Teaches grades 6, 7, Kindergarten
Amazing app..... probably the #1 request from my students in grades 5 to 8!
Matthew D.
Teaches grades 6, 7, 8
Nitro Type was useful for increasing typing speed and keyboard awareness. My students love racing against each other!
Michelle F.
Teaches grade 2
Really really fun. My kids love it.
Kirsten Sh.H.
Teaches Kindergarten, 1, 2
My fifth grade students love this engaging, easy to use typing training tool.
Antoniettte J.
Teaches grade 5
My students love this program!!!!
Toni R.
Teaches grade 4
This program is a great way to motivate my students to type.
Ivan V.
Teaches grade 5
Trusted by These Districts and Many More
SECURITY
Safety First
Nitro Type is designed with safety in mind and is used by millions of teachers and students every year, since 2011.
Teacher Safety Controls
Educators can use the Teacher Portal to restrict who students race against, disable team play, turn off custom usernames, and more.
Zero Risk Content
No player chat and instant AI moderation of student-entered text like usernames keeps Nitro Type classroom-friendly.
Friend or Solo Play
Teachers can remove the ability for students to race with their Nitro friends, reducing distraction if necessary.
Nitro News
View All News
Surprise! Unwrapping Two Secret Xmaxx Easter Eggs

A couple of last minute Xmaxx presents for those who act quickly...

Tune In and Turn It Up: Introducing Nitro Radio!

Nitro Radio is here! No more restarting music. Race to uninterrupted beats on 6+ new stations. Tune in now!

Xmaxx '25: Unwrap the Ultimate Racing Season!

Unwrap Xmaxx 2025! Race for the "Gotham Knits" car, build your Reindeer herd, and earn $13M cash. The tradition continues!

Race
News
About Us
Updates
Support
Contact
2025 © Nitro Teaching, LLC
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
PO Box 9241, San Juan, PR 00908
Typing Lessons
Typing Games
Typing Test