NixiHost: Smart, Reliable, Affordable: Shared Web Hosting | VPS Web Hosting | Dedicated Web Hosting | Web Hosting for Resellers Shared Hosting Reseller Semi-Dedicated Dedicated VPS Domains Login Contact Login Smart, Reliable Web Hosting You Can Afford. Providing friendly, dependable and secure web hosting to designers, bloggers, startups, non-profits, small to medium sized businesses and everyone in between. Shared Hosting Options Whether you’re a startup testing the waters, a rapidly-growing e-commerce merchant, or a professional blogger with thousands of visitors per day, NixiHost has a hosting package perfect for you. From shared to reseller hosting, we’ve utilized our years of expertise in the hosting market to curate offerings that make deploying, managing, and scaling your hosting needs easy and efficient. Shared Hosting If you're a hobbyist dabbling with your first website, an experienced blogger, a web designer or even a startup ready to blow up across the web - our Shared Hosting plans were designed with you in mind. Shared Hosting Plans › Semi-Dedicated Plans Our Semi-Dedicated hosting packages are designed for users that need more power than shared or VPS hosting.  Check out our Semi-Dedicated hosting plans to find the perfect fit! Semi-Dedicated Plans › VPS Hosting Is your fledgling startup starting to spread its wings? Do you need an online sandbox to play in without worrying about maintaining your own bare-metal system? Our VPS hosting packages are primed and ready for action. VPS Hosting Plans › Give us a call Want to talk to somebody on the phone?  No problem!  Give us a ring and we'll help answer your questions. 281-819-6494 Contact us online Use our online form to send a support ticket to our team.  We'll respond promptly to answer your questions. Contact Us Chat with us now Use our live chat support when an agent is available to get in touch with NixiHost as soon as possible. Click to Chat What makes NixiHost the best choice for web hosting services? 1. Superior Technology Our servers are housed in a state of the art data center with redundant switching, power and cooling technology. The data center is monitored around the clock to ensure that your sites and data stay safe, secure and most importantly, online. 2. Dedicated Support Unlike most other web hosts, we have gone to great lengths to keep our support team based where we do business. Our experienced, Houston-based administrators are available 24x7x365 to keep your site running smoothly and help you overcome any issues that may arise. 3. Lowest Prices We do our best to bring the absolute best value to every dollar you spend with us without compromising the integrity or performance of our servers. Other companies may offer you the world but we are the only company that can actually deliver it. NixiHost is an independently owned and operated web host based out of Houston, Texas. Our personable and highly-skilled support professionals are available 24 hours a day to assist you with any problems you may have, whether you’re a Linux wizard or  you have a love-hate relationship with technology. Our entire team stands solidly behind our 99.9% uptime guarantee. We’ll migrate your cPanel sites for free! Tired of your current web hosting provider? If your current host uses cPanel, we'll migrate your content and databases at no cost so you can focus on your website. Upgrade to NixiHost and discover the difference. copyright © 2025 Navigation Home Hosting About Domains Contact Products Shared Hosting VPS Hosting Semi-Dedicated Dedicated Hosting Reseller Plans Support Submit a Ticket Privacy Policy Terms of Service Security & Technology