NizzaLive! PT ES EN PT ES EN LiveShopping Cause you only live once! Discover Nizza and go live now with the latest live commerce tool. Watch. Like. Shop. Live! It`s an add to cart kind of day. #BornToStream&Sell NIZZA Live shopping platform will transform your online sales into an interactive and social experience. Check out these live clips! Time to Live Live NIZZA vibes and feel the connection with your best audiences. • Deliver the best e-commerce experience by connecting in real time. • Your products will be alive. • Show every detail to the audience. • Fully integrated with your marketplace and OMS solution. Check out these live clips! Like. Love. Live. Feel the online sales buzz. • 17 min average time sessions. • 16% add to cart ratio. • 28% engagement ratio. • After each live event, you can measure the number of viewers and their interactions. • Analytics on likes, comments, carts, purchase orders and average tickets. One to One Get connected with your customers! You can: • Book a personal call from the product catalogue. • Add to cart & buy during the call. • Chat, like, share, love! • Inspire your sales team. Learn + One to Many Reach thousands of buyers at the same time! You can: • Have Live Shopping Platform embedded in your e-commerce. • Add to cart during the call with product highlight feature. • Chat, like, share, love! • Build unique engagement. • Have real time data. Learn + I love Nizza Go live through our platform! • Easy to use. • Monetize your contents. • Your audience will grow faster. • Increase your online sales, live! Learn + LITE (Anual plan) (Monthly billed) Additional charges may apply • HD Streams (200 MINUTES) • Onboarding, setup & training • Embedded in landing page • External cam compatible • One hosting • Integrated dashboard Store/month STANDAR (Anual plan) (Monthly billed) Additional charges may apply • HD Streams (500 MINUTES) • Onboarding, setup & training • Custom embedded in landing page • External cam compatible • Dual Hosting • Integrated dashboard Store/month PRO (Anual plan) (Monthly billed) Additional charges may apply • HD Streams (1000 MINUTES) • Onboarding, setup & training • Custom embedded in landing page • External cam compatible • Dual Hosting • MP4 video recordings • Integrated dashboard Store/month Analytics After each live event you will be able to measure the number of viewers and their interactions such as likes, comments and sales funnel: completed carts, purchase orders, average ticket. Let ` s go live today First Name * Please type your full name. Email * Invalid email address. Phone * Invalid Input Last Name Invalid Input Country Invalid Input Company Invalid Input Submit NizzaLive! Clips Time to live How it works One to one One to many I love Nizza Let ́s go live Nizza 2021, All Rights Reserved