NKU Home Page: Northern Kentucky University, Greater Cincinnati Region Skip to main content ↑ top Canvas Calendar & Events Student Engagement Catalog Directory myNKU Help A Norse Handshake (HireNKU) Student Resources Webmail Change Password A-Z List QUICK LINKS one two three Toggle navigation Enter the search term or name About Academics Admissions Athletics Life @ NKU Steely Library Ways to Give Contacts Quick Links Search the NKU Site Enter the search term or name Winter Break Contact Information Need to reach someone on campus over winter break? See our complete list of winter contacts . Northern Kentucky University Apply Confirm Enrollment Request Info Visit Direct Admit: Your Fast Track to NKU Skip the application, essay and fees! If you are a high school senior with a 2.75 or higher GPA, you’re eligible for Direct Admit. Accepting your NKU admissions offer is as simple as clicking a button. Start your college journey today! Visit Direct Admit page 3 States, 1 Rate Tuition FAQS Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Virtual Tour Online Programs Make a Gift Wall Street Journal University for Exceptional Value The ninth-safest campus in the United States according to Academic Influence The first public school in the Commonwealth to offer direct admission Your Path to Success At NKU excellence meets opportunity. We meet you where you are—in person, online or hybrid. You will learn in a student-centered environment with flexible schedules and personalized degree plans focused on your goals. Your journey to success starts here. See all Majors & Programs fa fa-bank Colleges College of Arts & Sciences Haile College of Business College of Education College of Health & Human Services Honors College College of Informatics Chase College of Law What's Happening fa fa-bank NKU in View NKU in View is a digital magazine dedicated to recognizing Norse Nation’s recent achievements while looking ahead at what’s in store for the community. Read the latest issue. fa fa-bank Upcoming Events University News NKU graduates 1,500+ students in fall commencement ceremonies Northern Kentucky University honored more than 1,500 graduates over two ceremonies during the university’s 54th commencement on Saturday, Dec. 13. Since 1968, NKU has graduated more than 86,000 students who are now living and working across the Commonwealth of Kentucky and all over the world. NKU launches CST Circle, inspiring community-based support for student success Northern Kentucky University President Cady Short-Thompson launched a new initiative designed to inspire support for the university and grow the philanthropic impact of the NKU community: the CST Circle. NKU ranked in Newsweek’s top 50 list of America’s Top Online Colleges 2026 Northern Kentucky University has been ranked 47th on Newsweek’s list of America’s Top Online Colleges for 2026 out of 250 universities and colleges nationwide. This is the first time NKU has been recognized by Newsweek for its high value online programing, and it is the only university in Kentucky ranked in the top 50. NKU uses cookies on this website Information is collected automatically by NKU as part of the software operation of our website. This data is not personally identifiable information. NKU uses this information for internal purposes, such as marketing and seeing what pages are most frequently visited. Click "Accept" to continue to use NKU website(s), and consent to our collection of cookies. For more information please see NKU's Web Privacy Statement . Prospective Students Parents Alumni Inside NKU NKU News & Media Center Make a Gift Apply Now Cost of Attendance Visit NKU Class Registration Careers at NKU Contact Accreditation Map + Directions Accessibility A-Z Listing Connect with us on social media: Northern Kentucky University Nunn Drive | Highland Heights, Kentucky 41099 Phone: (859) 572-5100 © 2025 Northern Kentucky University. All rights reserved. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img height=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; width=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; style=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;display:none;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; alt=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; src=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=6202684&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;fmt=gif&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;